THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 18, 1846.
New Series....No. 32.
Nothing was gained—no man was ever convinced—
by reproaches, by imputations, by blame cast upon
anybody. But he proposed for a short time to go
into the history of this question and this policy,
and to show, as he thought he could, in the first
place, that.it never was an old Federal doctrine; in
the next place, that it never was a Democratic doc-
trine; that, as between the two parties, the Demo-
cratic party had chiefly built it up ; but that all
gentlemen on this floor, of all parties, stood pre-
cisely upon that footing that they might vote either
for these appropriations or against them, without
any inconsistency, and without subjecting them-
selves to the charge of deserting any party.
To this one point Mr. V. mainly directed his
argument, which he had not concludcd when his
hour expired.
Mr. S. ADAMS expressed the reluctance which
he felt to address the comrmttce, feeling, as he
did, that upon a party question he was in a very
hopeless minority in this House. Ho considered
this a proposition for general internal improve-
ments, and not for special improvement, lie was
opposed to the whole system, avid so he conceived
were the whole Democratic party proper in the
United States—a system which was repudiated by
the Baltimore convention, whose resolutions had
been so often referred to. He took a general view
of the constitutional question, denying utterly the
power of Congress to make any of these improve-
ments, and arguing that if the Mississippi were ad-
mitted to be within the pale of the Constitution,
no dividing lino could ho drawn, and the same
power must be conceded over every other minor
river, creek, and stream. He also replied particu-
larly to the argument of Mr. Constaih.k, winch
deduced the power for the improvement of rivers
and harbors from the general power ot' Oimgrrss
to "re nlate" eomnieice, and I'onlfmlrd thai the
true meaning and the authority conveyed uudcr
the term " regulate," was to pass laws and rules
upon which that commerce shall be conducted, ami
not to create commerce, or create improvements to
facilitate it, by the establishment of roads and can-
als, and the opening of harbors. Ho dwelt upon
the oppression of this system in its operation, and
the bankruptcy and ruin to which it must lead, if
adopted by the General Government. All that
could be wrung from the people by way of taxa-
i ion, he said, would not be, sufficient to defray tin-
expenses of the system of internal improvements
proposed by this bill to be commenced; and he
avowed himself in favor of nipping it in the bud
by the summary and unqualified condemnation and
rejection of tins measure.
Mr. SEVERANCE gave notice of an amend-
ment, appropriating for the improvement m the
tidewaters of the Kennebec river, #15,000.
He briefly urged the importance of this appro-
priation, and advocated the general system of im-
provements provided for in this bill; and devoted
the remainder of his time to a general discussion
touching upon thp commercial policy of Great
Britain arid fhe United States, the Oregon ques-
tion as connected therewith, and many other sub-
jects.
Mr. DOUGLASS obtained the floor, and yield-
ed to an unsuccessful motion that the committee
rise. , .
He further yielded to the following gentlemen,
who gave notice of their respective intentions to
offer, when in order, the following amendments.
To Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi:
" For removal of obstructions in, and to open
' the pass from the Mississippi river by way of the
« Iberville and Amite rivers into Lake Maurepas
' and Pass Manchae into Lake Pontchartrain, so
' as to connect the Gulf of Mexico and the Mis-
' sissippi river, $20,000.
To Mr. COBB:
"And that the sum of $50,000 be appropriated
' for the improvement of the Flint river, in the
' State of Georgia."
Messrs. J. R. INGERSOLL, SEABORN-
JONES, and E. H. EWIiVG, also gave notice of
certain amendments, which were'not placed in the
possession of the reporter.
32
Some conversation of a personal character fol-
lowed between Messrs. DOUGLASS and JOHN
H. EWING, arising out of the question of the
right of the floor.
The committee manifesting an unwillingness to
rise,
Mr. DOUGLASS resumed the floor at a late
hour, and proceeded in his remarks.
It occured to him, he said, that there were some
powers in this Government that, by this time,
ought to he conceded; that there were some prin-
ciples which ought to he considered settled. When
principles had been adopted, and powers exercised
from the earliest existence of our Government
down to the present (lay, and that with the con-
currence of all parties, without a solitary excep-
tion, he thought the policy which embodied them
should at least be considered a settled policy. He
made these remarks bee.uise of the attempt of Home
of hia friends to read out of the republican
party those who might diflor with them. For
himself, Mr. D. did not set up a standard for
others; he was perfectly willing that they should
exercise their own free judgments in determining
their respective courses, mid he claimed the liberty
of exercising the same freedom of opinion and
action. lie disclaimed ail friendship to a general
system (if internal improvements, but maintained
the eousiitutioimhty of the impiovemrnl of rivers,
harbors, and navigable waters; ridiculing the de-
finition imported from the English laws that
navigable wuteis are only thus" in which the tide
ebbs and flows, (which would cut off the lakes
from the list of navigable1' waters;although you
cannot luul a cord long enough to reach the bottom
of them at some points;) anil showing its inappli-
cability to tins country—-the facts of the ease,
upon which the law v.as based, being dliferent m
Lowland, then; being then1 no extended inland
uvers, and none navigable except tide waters. :
Here, the state of the case being the reverse, it
was absurd to attempt to transplant the law. He
cited theauthority of Presidents Madison, Monroe,
jackson, and Van Buren, as fully sustaining the
power of Congress o\er these identical improve-
ments, and as even going further than he was
willing (o go; and he said that the leaders of the
republican party had always mammined this power
ovci harbors, iui\ iguble rivers, light-houses, bea-
cons, and buoys, which were now attempted to
be rendered odious Ivy a change of name, christen-
ing them u iiHernul improvements."
Mr. J), next, passed to notice a remark of Mr.
Yantmy, in which ho had spoken of Air. D. and of
those Democrats who support this bill, as only
"pretended" Democrats,and as acting in violation
ot the resolutions of the. Baltimore convention re-
lative to the system of internal improvements.
Having shown ilu^he was supported m his advo-
cacy of the class improvements contained in this
bill (though opposed to the general system of inter-
nal improvements) by the authority of the fathers
of the republican school; and having disclaimed
any attempt to read out of the Democratic church
those who might not precisely agree with him
upon ail points, Mr. D. proceeded to show that the
gentleman from Alabama was at least equally ob-
noxious to the charge of not strictly adhering to
the Democratic text-hook, adopted at Baltimore, in
that part which declared that ''the ^ohulc,, of Oie-
gon is ours, and that no pari should be ceded to
Great Britain or any other Power, &c.
Nome conversation occurred between Messrs.
DOUGLASS, WOODWARD, and YANCEY,
upon the scope and meaning of this resolution of
the Baltimore convention, upon the question of its
authority over the Democratic party, and the man-
ner in Vv Inch they had themselves conformed or
non-conformed to it. In the course of this collo-
quy, -
Mr. WOODWARD said that the Baltimore res-
olution "upon the Preoccupation" of Oregon, was
the opinion of the members of the convention, and
not attempted to be incorporated into the Demo-
cratic creed; that the measure was recommended to
the Democratic part)- as a great American question
above party; that, with all due deference and re
spect, he had considered the advice of that conven-
tion, and he utterly repudiated the idea that they
possessed any power to impose any obligation up-
on him, and he denied that they designed to do it;
and, further, he would sustain the President if he
should settle this question upon the line of 43°.
Air. YANCEY, in vindication of his own course,
said that the gentleman [Air. Douglass] could not
lay his finger upon a vote, of his to prevent the
" reoccupation of Oregon;" he could not place his
eye upon a sentiment of his in print against the re-
occupation of Oregon. But, on the contrary, he
had pointed out a system of measures which he
thought would tend to the immediate and early re-
occupation of Oregon; and the only measure he
had voted against was the notice, which was not
mentioned, referred to, or contemplated in the res-
olution of the convention. No limits by it had
been fixed to the territory; no time appointed when
to take possession, but only " the earliest practica-
ble period"—leaving it at the discretion of Con-
gress to determine the mode of proceeding best
calculated to attain the end aimed* at.
Air. DOUGLASS (the conversation between
these gentlemen having dropped) resumed his re-
marks in comment upon these topics and the points
which had been evolved, particularly urging the
position that no Democrat could consistently with
this resolution of the Baltimore convention consent
to anything less ihtui 5-1° 40' in Oregon.
ATv. SKDDON interposed, and inquired if he un-
derstood the gentleman to say that the Democratic
party were committed, by the resolution of the Bal-
timore convention, to go tor 54° 40',and never yield
anything south of that under any circumstances ?
Did he hold the Democratic party pledged to that
line?
Mr. DOUGLASS replied that he did understand
the Democratic party to be solemnly pledged,at the
Baltimore convention, by a unanimous resolution
of the Democratic party, to stand by 54° 40', and
never to yield one inch.
Air. SLDDON, Does the gentleman, then, un-
derstand the President of the United States, nomi-
nated by that convention, and representing that
creed, to have violated the Democratic creed in of-
fering the parallel of 49°?
Mr, DOUGLASS'S hour here expired.
Mr. J. W. HOUSTON obtained the floor, and
yielded, in compliance with what seemed to bo the
very general desire of the House, for the purpose
of reply, to
Mr. DOUGLASS, who again referred to the
speech of Air. Polk in the I-iouse of Representa-
tives in 1828, in favor of our title to 54° 40', and
who traced the unity of position occupied by him
from that period down to his Inaugural Address,
in which he had declared our title to the whole of
Oregon "clear and unquestionable/' But when
Mr. Polk came into office he found a protocol
signed, pledging his Government.to the principle
of compromise pending that negotiation; but for
that fact, which committed him during that one
negotiation, Air. D. would, before this, have pro-
nounced that proposition of 49° a treasonable pro-
position, as he had pronounced the same offer on the
part of Mr. Clay. He did understand Mr. Polk,
in his Inaugural Address, as standing up erect to
the pledge of the Baltimore convention; and he
now said that, come what may, let who may do it,
whenever the proposition of 49° should, again be
offered, he would never take back the declaration
he had made, that it was a treasonable proposi-
tion. The negotiation, which Mr. Polk found in
progress when he came, into office, and by which
he was embarrassed, was now ended; and if ever
it was commenced again upon that principle, in
violation of the pledges given by the Democratic
party to the American people, sooner let his tongue
cleave to the'roof of his mouth than he would de-
fend that party which should yield one inch of
Oregon.
Air. SEDDON asked leave to make a farther
remark.
Mr. HOUSTON declined to comply with the
request; but yielded to
Mr. J. H. EWING, between whom and Mr.
