1846.
the congressional globe.
501
meeting in relation to the Oregon question was pre-
cisely the contrary of the resolve imputed to it in
the publications, being in favor of a delay of the
debate for two weeks; instead of hurrying a vote
to be carried (Out by the Cambria. These facts are
proved by" Whig members present, at the actual
meeting; and, further., that in conformity with this
resolve to postpone the debate, a Senator at the
meeting [MS. Dayton] was appointed to move the
postponement in the Senate, and did so; and only
■withdrew his motion after debate and opposition.
Arid thus this story of a Whig meeting in the Cap-
itol, attended by the British Minister, is proved to
be an absurd fabrication.
3. With respect to the " nose counting" at the
British Minister's table, the whole story has had
a termination so ridiculous and contemptible that
the committee find it difficult to speak of it in the
temperate language which becomes a report to the
Senate. State papers seem to descend from their
dignity when compelled to uoticc tilings so despi-
cable, false, and vulgar. Justice, however, to the
character of our institutions requires it to be done,
and the committee will discharge their duty in the
fewest, possible words.
Publications in the Times newspaper had charged
this species of counting the so-called strength of the
British on the Oregon question in the Semite of the
United States, and the British Minister's table was
made the place of the enumeration, On the first
'day of the meeting of the committee the editor of
the Times [Mr. H. 1-1. Robinson] wrote down in
the presence of the committee that he expected to
prove by Mr. E. B. Schnabel, of Philadelphia, llmt
Mr. ,T. M. Clayton, a member of the committee
then present, had admitted that ho was present at
the British Minister's table when this " counting
by noses" took place. Mr. Clayton instantly de-
manded the production of the witness. Fortunate-
ly, Mr. Schnabel,contrary to his intention cxpress-
' ed the evening before in the. presence of tile editor
of the Times, had not returned that morning to
Philadelphia, and quickly appeared before the com-
mittee. On seeing what was written down as ex-
pected to bo proved by him, he manifested perfect
amazement; declared that he could not sustain Mr.
Robinson; that he was totally ignorant of every-
thing attributed to him; that heliad never pp«h Mr.
Robinson until the night before, when he ca. itally
met him at the room of a member of Congress;
that he had asked him what proofs he had to carry
before the Senate's committee to justify hisehttrges,
and talked with him about some of the rumors in
circulation; and that all that was attributed to him
was false and unfounded. Mr. Schnabel express-
ed his extreme mortification nt being called as n
witness in such a case, and spoke like a mini of
honor, whose sensibilities were wounded at find-
ing himself in such an unpleasant wtimtton.
^The next morning a communication was receiv-
ed from Mf. Robinson, which he desired to have,
entered on the minutes of tho proceedings as u cor-
rection of his previous reference to Mr. .Snhnabel,
declaring it to have been an " inadrertmceami
that Messrs. Medary and Turner were the persons
intended to<be named. Soon after Mr. Sclmabel
himself appeared, and asked to add to his testi-
mony of the previous day what had occurred since
his examination on yesterday; which was, that he
had met Mr. Robinson tluit morning, who had ac-
knowledge^ his mistake, retracted what he had
imputed to Mr. Schnabel, and promised to have
his retraxit made known to the committee. The
additional statements of each were entered upon
tho minutes of the proceedings, and the inquiry
considered finished—the committee seeing no rea-
son to examine Messrs. Medary and Turner, who
had previously sworn that they had no knowledge
of anything that hud ever been said or done at the
British Minister's table. But Mr. Clayton de-
siring it, these witnesses were recalled and exam-
ined to that point, and both fully declared that they
knew nothing of any dinner at the British Minis-
ter's, or any conversations there, or any admis-
sions of any kind from Mr. Clayton, and that they
had never spoken to or conversed with him in their
lives, and had given Mr. Robinson no information
on the subject.
Thus terminated the examination into the only
tangible specifications, under the general charge of
corruption against Senators, contained in the pub-
. lications in the Times newspaper of the dates re-
ferred to. The examination terminated in the total
overthrow of the charges; and, however unfounded
and unworthy wf,notice they have been shown to ]
be, the committee believe a service has been ren- i
dered to the institutions of our country, and to the >
decencies and hospitalities of private life, in expo- j
sing them to the contempt they merit. j
The committee confine themselves, in this report, '
to the results established by the testimony, in which i
they unanimously concur. The testimony itself!
is set out in the minutes of the proceedings, and I
the committee have to say that all the witnesses |
summoned before them testified readily and frank- '
ly except one, (a Mr. Or. T. M. Davis,) who had |
acknowledged himself to be the writer of the ex- ■
tract of a letter copied into the Daily Times from I
the Missouri Republican, and charging corruption |
and British collusion on Senators and Representa- j
fives. After naming a Senator as being alluded to ;
in the charge, and admitting that he had no per- j
sonal knowledge of its truth, he refused to go on j
with his testimony unless allowed to repeat the j
hearsay of some person whom he refused to name, j
and he also refused to sign his own deposition as j
written down by himself, and in which no error 1
was suggested. This individual was notified to ;
atte nd this day, that, the Senate, if it saw fit, might j
take some order with respect to him; but the com- .
mitten propose nothing, believing that the vindica- j
tion of the Senator named from the charge made
against him, and all the, ends of justice, will be j
fully accomplished by tho publication of the ac- |
Miser's own testimony, as far as it went. ;
In conclusion, the committee have to remark that '
the editor of the Times [Mr. II. H. Roiiinsun] de-
clared that he wan the \\ ritcr of all the. articles re- |
fervod to in his paper, except tie: quoted extract j
from the Missouri Republican, and that he has no
personal knowledge, of the truth of anything he ;
wrote in the said articles. j
In execution of that part of their duty, under the j
.Senate's order, wlueh required the, committee to
•report, what "measures" are proper for the vindi-
cation of the honor and character of the Senate,
j' they bo.li<'\e it to he sutlicient, in this cum'. to re-
| commend the ja-inting of this report, ami of all the
j testimony t'lken by ihe committee, and that the
j editor and tho publisher of the Times (Mr. 11. II.
| Robinson and Mr. J. Dow) and their reporters 1
! he excluded from the gallery of the Senate Re-
| porters.
: The question being on concurring in the report—
| Mr. TUIUVKY rose and said that, being amem-
I her of the committee, it might be proper for him to
I sity that ho entirely concurred in the report. As
' far as the testimony went, every charge had been
' negatived; it appeared that the calumny was wholly
j without foundation.
i Mi*. DICKINSON remarked that, occupying
1 tho position he did in regard to Oregon, it would .
I not be supposed that he had any particular sym- !
1 patliy with this proceeding. He did not regard it i
i as o matter of sufficient importance to claim the se- .
| rious attention of the Senate; yet, an investigation
| having taken place, he deemed it his duty to say '
I that the evidence given before the committee did '
' not implicate a single Senator in the remotest de-
\ greo. The report was therefore correct, and though j
I it had not been siencd by alt the members of tho '|
, committee, he believed it might bo considered a |i
> unanimous report. Hut in reference to the oxclu- ,i
, dmg of the Kditors mid Reporters of the " Daily
: Times,'' though he, would not oppose the will of ||
1 the Senate, if it were tho sense of that body that J;
| they should be excluded from tho occupation of.
' scotitin tho Reporters' gallery, yet he would say ;j
j this much in regard to those gentlemen, (for they :l
had given their evidence in an exceedingly eour- j'
I teous and gentlemanly manner before the commit- j
| tee,) that ho believer! them to have been the vie- j
: tuns of imposition rather than as having any 111- j
: tention to slander the Senate. j
It was a time of considerable public excitement,
and what they had written was written rashly, !
: hastily, improperly, and without the. support of!
, authority or proof; but, in his view of the matter, !
' this was not the proper way to correct the errors \
! of'tho press; and, unless the Senate deemed it ne- ;
; cessary to vindicate its dignity, he thought that it!
1 should have been passed by entirely unnoticed. In j
; making these observation? he did not wish to be i
understood as going against the sense of the Sen- i
ate, but he did not think anything was to be gained I
by attempting to fetter the freedom of the press. ;
Besides, By refusing to these gentlemen seats in ;
the Reporters' gallery, they would not be excluded ;
from the Senate. They would still have access to
the gallery appropriated to the use of the public.
Senators were at all times liable to_ have their mo-
tives and their actions misrepresented. And what
was the remedy? Ought they to undertake to ex-
clude every indivIduEd who thus misrepresented
them ? No. Instead of taking a course so utterly
vain and useless, he would be m favor of following
the recommendation of the Senator from Missouri,'
and admitting on the floor of the Senate certain
authorized reporters, that their proceedings might
be truly and fairly reported. The reporters in the
gallery had not an opportunity to report correctly.
It had been represented to him, and he believed
truly, that it was impossible for them to hear all
that was said, and they were besides subjected to
interruptions from conversations carried on by per-
sons about them; but he was sorry to add that he
believed there were some who had no disposition
to report correctly. There were some who seemed
to take pleasure in omitting what was really said,
and in putting language in the mouths of Senators
which they never uttered. This had frequently
been the case in reference to himself; but how was
the evil to be corrected ? His own opinion was
that the press ought to be left free as air. No man
was ever slain by a paper bullet, unless he dis-
charged it himself. An individual might be placed
in a false light for a time, but men would be
eventually weighed in even balances. Abuse, slan-
der, vituperation might for a time overflow their
natural boundaries, and obscure those who hap-
pened to stand in the way of the filthy stream, but
after a while it would resume its natural channel.
He would give it entire freedom; if he had his own
choice, he would place no restriction upon it. He
would allow any individual who chose to go into
the galleries, and if lie thought proper to libel the
American Senate, lie would leave him to the ordeal
of public opinion. With regard to the present case,
lie would repeat that he regarded these men as vic-
tims of imposition rather than as malicious slan-
derers; and he tunk very gieut pleasure in saying
thai every member of that body had been fully
vindicated from the aspersions cast upon them.
Mr. JARNAG3N rose and observed that, being
the chairman of the select, committee, it would
naturally have devolved upon him to make the
report; but he most unexpectedly found his name
among those who were called upon to testify. The
honorable Senator from Missouri had therefore
taken his place, and draughted the report. He
would also take occasion to say, while he was up,
that other Senators, whose names were placed m
connexion with his own, would be somewhat sur-
prised, perhaps, at finding themselves referred to
as witnesses. He found, by a statement present-
ed by tho editor of the " Times," that he expected
to prove his allegations by certain Senators, whose
names he appended. The committee, however,
did not think proper to inform those gentlemen
that they were about to have the distinction of
appearing as conspirators upon the charge of Mr.
H. H. Robinson, and also to be witnesses to give
evidence of the conspiracy.
But it, had been said that the reporters, from the
position they occupied, found it extremely difficult
to hear.* No doubt this was true. He found that
the Senator from North Carolina [Mr. Haywood]
had not made himself distinctly heard by the
" Times," at all events; for he found,that he had
been represented as having addressed the Senate
•' in favor of arbitration, or any pacific arrange-
ment of the question.''
He had only to observe that the reporter for the
"Times" must have been unfortunately situated.
Had -he (Mr. J.) been in the gallery, he might
possibly have understood the Senator as arguing
m favor of arbitration; but, as it was, he certainly
did not so understand him. He would suggest
that a specific number of copies of the report be
ordered to be printed. He believed the Senator
from Missouri iiad not named the number.
Mr. BERRIEN said he heard, with great regret
—and the more so, from the fact that the Senator
from -New York [Mr. Dickinson] was himself a
member of the select committee—he heard, he
said, with great regret, the expression of his opin-
ion that the authors and publishers of the libel
upon the Senate of the United States were the
victims of imposition. He inquired of the Sen-
ator whether he had understood him correctly ?
Mr. DICKINSOU" replied that he had said, in
connexion with other matters, that he regarded
