1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
503
respondence; but it seems impossible to me that,
a* plainest and justest rules of construction,
the Message can be considered as expressing that
meaning. It is a most solemn and weighty State
paper, addressed by the Executive of the nation to
R co-ordinate branch of the Government, and in
which he is bound to hold the plainest and most
explicit language—to state with the utmost frank-
ness his real sentiments, and to give the reasons
on which they are founded. This is his duty,
and this he' has performed. And he says, very
clearly, that he recommends this notice in order
that we may assert our title to the whole territory,
and, if necessary, support that title by arms. I
cannot look beyond the Message for the Pres-
ident's motives. It is impossible for me to over-
rule the plain and palpable construction which is
on its face by any other which I might feel dis-
posed to place on it. To place any other upon it
would, in my judgment, be to disparage the char-
acter of the President.
Another ground taken by these gentlemen is,
that the President wants to employ this notice as
a moral weapon, not. a physical one. But no such
idea is expressed in the JVIessage. The language
of the President is explicit to the contrary. It
looks not to a moral, but a physical termination of
the difficulty. But, admitting that lie wants to
use it as a moral weapon, wlint does that mean ?
It must mean that ha wants to use it for the pur-
pose of intimidation. Now, I submit to the com-
mon sense of every gentleman, whether, if this
notice should be used in that light, with a great
and powerful nation like Great. Britain, its effect,
instead of leading to n compromise, would not )><•
precisely the reverse. It would be a direct appeal
to her fears, to induce her to yield, tinder such a
motive, what she would not yield otherwise.
The third reason is, that the convention of 1^18,
and renewed -in 1827, was wrong from the begin-
ning; that, as a measure of policy, it wim n great
mistake; that its efioct was to fetter the assertion
of out-1'ights; ami tlmt it would have been better,
80 far as our rights ill the (erritory were concerned,
if there Jiad been no such convention at all. In
that opinion I cannot concur: I tlisneut from it
wholly: I hold precisely the opposite opinion: I
believe that, but for Unit convention, the preserva-
tion of our rights could have been ell'eoted only by
an appeal to arms. "We. must either have gone to
war m 1818 and 1H27, or must have acquiesced in
the hostile claims of Great Britain, (for in that care
they would have been hostile.) If we could «t that
time have obtained the latitude of 49° no a com-
promise boundary, it would have been wise in us
to have done so; but. we attempted it in vain. That
attempt failing, what other alteritatii-e was left us ?
Either this convention or war. The convention
was a substitute for war; and, while it prevented
war, it at the same time preserved our rights m
Oregon inviolate so long as the convention should
  continue, I think that those who enieied into that
treaty acted wisely. It has become but too com-
mon at this day forus to sit in judgment on the acts
of our predecessors, and to pronounce (hem to have
been unjust, unwise, or unpatriotic, while we pass
over the circumstances of their day, and under
wluch they acted. Look at the men concerned.
Look at Mtmroe—at Rush—at Clay; it would 1«>
hard, indeed, t,o pronounce men like these to have
been either unpatriotic or unwise. Or, if we look
at the great names of those who have since acqui-
esced in the measure they adopted—at Jackson,
and at others since—it would be hard to say tlmt
such men deliberately acquiesced in an arrange-
ment hostile to the best interests of their country.
I do not name the prominent individual concerned,
because his course since that time lias cancelled
any previous credit to which he might have enti-
tled himself.
Such' was the state of things when this resolu-
tion of notice was first introduced into the Senate.
Since then, as I have said, there has been a mighty
change: public opinion has developed itself, not
only on this, but on the other side of the Atlantic;
and that voice of public opinion has uttered
itself most audibly and clearly in favor of a com-
promise. Here, too, the same change has been
manifested, insomuch that I hazard nothing when
I say that a large, a very large, majority of this
body is at this moment in favor of a compromise—
an honorable compromise. And does not all the
language and conduct of the British Government
itself clearly demonstrate that it is in favor of a
compromise; and substantially on the basis which
we have ourselves offered ? Sure I am that no intel-
ligent and reflecting man can read the language of
Sir Robert Peel in reply to Lord John Russell, and
not sec that he is prepared to act on a proposition
substantially the same with that which was reject-
ed by Mr. Pakenham. This declaration of the
Premier of Great Britain was made with very
great effect; his object in making it was not to cen-
sure the able and very faithful representative of
Great Britain in this country, but to give emphasis
to the assurance that he was ready to make a just
and fair compromise of the disputed question. I
hope sincerely that our Government has not over-
looked that declaration; it was a direct step to-
wards compromise, and I trust it has been met in
the same spirit. 1 trust that intelligence has, be-
fore this time, gone abroad to Great Britain to that
effect, so as to remove the only difficulty which
now lies in the way.
Under the views that J entertain, it is no longer
a question whether our difficulties may be pacifi-
cally arranged or not; nor is it even a question as
to the manner; it is simply a question of time.
But there ought to be no delay, because the busi-
ness of both nations and of'the world requires
that it should be settled. On great, and moment-
ous, and delicate, questions like these, there are
the highest public rersons why there should be no
delay. Once settle the question of Oregon, and
we may then Kettle the question of Mexico; but
till then, Mexico will calculate the chances of a
rupture between us and (treat Biitein; and if she
si^e.s any chance of a war against us. she will go
overtolhe l'ower which maloM u.ir upon os. Re-
move these chances, put an end to Hitch a hope,
and Mexico will sp* edily settle every pending
question between her and the United Htnle^'; anil
then, I trust, we. shall deal generously with her.
She is weak—feeble in the extreme—anil 1 trust
that we shall adopt no harsh measures with her.
i have now explained the change which has
taken place in the beariiu of tins measure of no-
tice oit tin4 questions of' peace and war. The
elinu'co coi!.a:!t;i in tins: lli.it w hen the notice u as
recommended, there evi.Med no hope of a compro-
mise; but now the hi;;he-'t and nuiNi confident hope
is felt by almost all. Now, therefore, there is no
great interest connected with our deciding this
question of notice, one wny or another. Justin
proportion as the prospect of compromise was
small, the importance of the notice was great; but
as the prospect of compromise increases, the meas-
ure of notice becomes of less and less importance.
Wo have now reached a point when we can de-
cide the question without much feeling on either
,side.
1 now proceed io another point in my remarks,
and to inquire what is the hearing of this measure
on the position of the Kveeutive, and what on the
position of the parlies in this body.
The conduct of the Executive must now be
gremlr changed. lie must act very differently
now from what he would have done when he re-
commended the notice tinder the persuasion that
there could be no compromise, but that we. must
assert our rights by arms. That he can advise, the
same thing now which he advised then, is impos-
sible. Then, he had not the remotest expectation
of n compromise. If now he. has a different view,
and thinks that Great Britain is ready to meet us
with an offer such us we made, I here say that, if
he shall now decline, that oiler, 1 do not envy him
the consequences that shall follow. The change
which has taken place is not a change in the Presi-
dent; it is a change in the state of things. So far
l'iom its being any inconsistency, it is, on the con-
trary, the highest consistency to n^rce to a com-
promise when matters have reached a point which
was not contemplated when he sent us his Mes-
sage. There is prevalent among us a great error
in regard to this matter of consistency. Some
persons think that consistency consists in a uni-
form adherence to one policy,let the circumstances
of the country change or not. Others think tliat
consistency lies in always thinking the same way,
after the man has seen the most cogent reasons for
changing his opinion. The consistency of these
persons is much like the course of a physician
who, in the treatment of a malignant fever, should
give emetics and calomel at the beginning, and then
hold himself bound to continue to give emetics and
calomel through every subsequent stage of the dis-
ease. Consistency like this would kill the patient;
and there is no statesman worthy of the name who
would be guilty of the political quackery of advo-
cating always the same course of policy, though
the circumstances of his country had completely
altered. . .
But not only has the Executive position changed,
but the position of the parties in the Senate has
changed in no less degree; and my friends here
who go for all of Oregon (friends I will call them,
for t have no other than the most friendly feelings
towards them) must and do feel that there has been
a change. So long as they thought that notice
was wholly inconsistent with any compromise,
they were its warm and enthusiastic advocates;
but now, when they begin to discover that, not-
withstanding the giving of the notice, a compro-
mise may still be effected, they find themselves
witfiout the same reason for their former zeal; and
1 shall not be at all surprised if, before this ques-
tion is finally put, these very gentlemen shall vote
against the notice altogether.
But 1 trust the friends to whom I allude have
undergone a still further change besides that of
their position. I trust they now begin to see that
there are some doubts in regard to our title to the
wdiole of Oregon. That it is unquestionable they
cannot now say; for it has been questioned with
great ability in their presence on this floor. I know,
indeed, that their convictions have been as honest
as they have been strong. But, admitting that our
title seemed to them ever so clear, is not something
due to the changes which have since taken place?
Is nothing due to the fact that a majority even of
their own political friends think that our title is
not no clem but that a compromise may be honor-
ably eii't Cled ? Is nothing due to their opinion ?
And does not the mere fact of such a division of
opinion among men perfectly honest on both sides
present the strongest reason why the dispute need
not and ought not to be decided by force ? 1 appeal
to these Senators as patriots, as wise and prudent
men, to say, when our contest is with so great a
l'o-tt or, whether they are willing to hazard all for
a question on which the opinions of good and hon-
c.st men all o\ei their country are undeniably di-
vided. 1 appeal to them even as party men, to
say whether they will insist on pushing this ques-
tion to such an extreme as to divide their party.
As to the other portion of the Senate, (in which
I consider myself as included,) it is undeniable that
a great change has taken place. I feel it myself.
Nothing could once have induced me to consent to
the notice recommended by the President; but now
it is very possible I may give my vote for a modi-
fied notice in some form.
And this brings me now, at length, to the direct
question to which all I have yet said is preliminary.
Shall we give to Great Britain the notice proposed,
or shall we not? The question is not free from
doubt. But there are two reasons in favor of it.
One reason in its favor is, that it will prevent tke
continued agitation of this Oregon question being
kept up in the country, and carried into the next
Presidential election. The measure of notice, if
properly qualified, will, I trust, keep all quiet until
the year has expired, and then there will be no
room for any further difficulty.
Another reason in its favor is, that in all proba-
bility Great Britain will not make a final move un-
til Congress shall have acted on the subject; so that
we should, as soon as possible, do something in
the matter. If it were not for the force of this con-
sideration, I should be for postponing the notice
for the present.
And now to the. question, in what form the no-
tice shall be given"? I will vote, under no circum-
stances, for a naked absolute notice; because that
would be to leave some doubt in the country, and
on the public mmd generally, whether we preferred
to adhere to the state of things which existed when
the Message was penned or not. The circumstan-
ces of the case have greatly changed. "We are not
in the same state of things which existed when the
Executive Message first came in; and I cannot
vote under the remotest impression that there will
be no compromise. If any gentleman once hoped
so, and would have gone for the notice under that
hope, that motive has now passed away.
Nor can I vote for the resolution which has been
sent us from the House of Representatives. I have
two objections to it. It is equivocal in its meaning.
If it means to declare that the President may settle
this difficulty by compromise, it means nothing, for
the President has that right; but if it is meant as a
