504
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March •■!%?
hint to him to negotiate for a compromise, then I
am for sneaking more plainly. I am most deci-
dedly against all equivocation in matters of State
policy. Let us say plainly what we mean to say.
If we mean compromise, let us say compromise;
and not send the President a resolution on which
he may put just any interpretation that suits him.
If we give this notice at all, I thmk it should he
given substantially as has been proposed by the
gentleman from Georgia. If I consent to the no-
tice, it will be, as 1 have said, to keep this agitation
from running into the next Presidential election,
and finally to terminate the question ; and if we
give it at all, let us give it precisely as we intend,
expressing the opinion that the difficulty should be
settled by compromise. So much I feel inclined to
vote for. I say inclined, for I hold this whole
question of the notice subordinate to the greater
question, viz: the preservation of peace and the
settlement of our difficulties without a resort, to
arms. My vote ill regard to notice will rest on the
question whether the notice will advance that end
or not. And I shall, therefore, reserve myself un-
til I shall be satisfied on that point.
I have thus stated why I mn for a compromise,
and how for I am in favor of gi\ nig notice. 1 vote
on boih subjects under circumstances in which I
iind myself placed, and for which I am not in the
least responsible. I am doing the best I can where
1 find myself, and not what 1 might have done un-
der different circumstances. I repeat, that for these
circumstances I am not responsible. I early resisted
that state of things which has now come to pass.
Ill 1843 this question for the first time assumed a
dangerous aspect. I then saw, or thought 1 saw,
what was coming, and I examined the question un-
der all its aspects. After the maturest reflection t
came to the conclusion which I then stated. I saw-
that there were two routes before us: one of them
was to adhere to the convention of 18:27, to do
nothing to terminate it, and to adhere strictly and
rigidly to its provisions. I saw that although for
a time that convention operated beneficially for
Great Britain, yet the period was at hand when our
turn would come to derive its benefits. Its opera-
tion threw into her hands the whole fur trade of
that region, and we stood by while the whole of
that lien harvest was reaped by Iter subjects; but
J saw that wo would soon derive the most im-
portant ad\ant:iges front the provisions of the
treaty. The resistless increase of our popula-
tion and tiie gradual progress of their enterprise
was bringing them fast tu the foot of the Rocky
mountains. The great South pass had been dis-
covered, and I saw that the settlement of Oregon
by American citizens was rapidly approaching.
If v. c should only adhere strictly to the conversion,
the progress of things would eventually decide who
should have the possession of the leintory. Our
power to populate the region, and thus to obtain
its actual possession, was far gieater than that of
Great Britain. Its distance from us was far less;
the access to it was through an open, grassy coun-
try, and, to men so active and hardy as our west-
ern pioneers, the journey presented comparatively
but small difficulty; whereas to reach Oregon fiom
Great Britain required a circumnavigation of twenty
thousand miles, a space but a little shoi t of the cir-
cumference of the globe. Of all the spots on the
face of the earth, presenting' to her the possibility
of colonization, Oregon was the most remote.
There were hundreds of colonies that lay nearer,
and presented a better soil and climate. Even New
Zealand was nearer to the shores of England. Ail,
therefore, that we had to do was to stick to the
convention, to observe all its provisions with the
most scrupulous fidelity, and then let the question
of title be quietly and gradually settled by the ac-
tual occupation and possession of the country. To
this course there was but one impediment: Great
Britain might give the notice. But I had no such
fear; for T had read the discussions of this question
on her side, and I thought I clearly saw that she
placed no great value upon Oregon, as a permanent
possession of the British Crown, but rather seemed
to conclude that, from its geographical position, the
United States must ultimately get the whole of it.
But, even if her calculation was otherwise, there
were great impediments in the way of her giving no-
tice to terminate the convention. She could do so if
she pleased, so could we: this was an express pro-
vision of the treaty, and could not, in itself, be con-
sidered as a hostile movement on either side. But
there was another convention which Great Brit-
ain contends to be still in existence, but which we
insist has expired, and that is the convention of
Nootka. This treaty of Nootka is in strict an-
alogy with our convention of, 1818; and if she
should give us no notice, it could not be set aside
unless its provisions were violated. We had ob-
served the terms of our convention, and this fore-
closed her from the possibility of such a move-
ment.
It seemed, then, to me, clear as the light of
heaven, that it would not do for us to make a
movement of any land. We might, indeed, give
our people some facilities in reaching the country;
and when they got there, we might extend our
laws over them"personally, but not territorially.
I doubted then, and I still doubt, even the expe-
diency of going so far as that; but, most clearly,
we could not set. up our laws there territorially;
because the moment wo should do that, we must
establish a custom-house, and levy and collect, du-
ties; and tl' there is anything that can alienate the
affections of those people from us, it will bo the
collection of high duties. Our people have gone
there as their fathers came to New England at
the beginning, setting aside the religious principle
which had so great "an influence on their action;
and one important cud they seek is the enjoyment
of free trade. They will contend as earnestly for
the free enjoyment of the trade of the Pacific as
their ancestors did for that of the Atlantic before
the Revolution. Ifwc levy high duties on their
infant trade, they will soon find a neighboring Pow-
er who will extend to them greater advantages in
this respect, and whose influence might rend the
territory from you. My disposition has been to
let them go there and govern themselves. That is
a business for which they seem to have a native
iiu>tiiu,t, that marks their oiigin. Let them go
there and settle the country, and then gradually,
and with great judgment and caution, extend our
laws over them, as it may become, necessary; for
here is the most delicate and critical point in the
whole affair.
The other course that lay open to us was that
pointed out in the bill of 1843, which provided for
the practical assertion of our rights in the territory,
and the exorcise of our sovereignty there to a cer-
tain extent, by the passage of certain geneudlaws.
1 thought this c.omso not to be a fit and proper
one. 1 saw very plainly what would be the con-
sequence; and, indeed, it requires but little reflec-
tion to perceive this. To extend our settlements
in Oregon, in uniformity with the provisions of
that bill, would be inconsistent with the terms of
the convention,and would speedily bring us either
to negotiation or to war. 1 anticipated that the
result would be negotiation. And what then?
Negotiation nuist end either in compiomise or
war. I never could believe in any other result.
I also saw that, if wo compromised, it must be on
the parallel nf 40°. The past history of the whole
matter decided that; and, besnles, as 49° was the
boundary on this side the mountains, most people
would think it reasonabie.and natural it should be
the boundary on the other side.
But 1 would go neither for notice nor for com-
promise, so long as we could persevere in what I
conceived to be the true American policy. Hence
I did resist the bill of 1843, ill common with many
able men in both Houses. It passed here by an
equivocal majority of one vote, (the Senator voting
under instiactions in the affirmative,) but it was
lost m the other House. Since then, the proposi-
tion for notice has been repeated, with a view to
taking possession of the whole country. And so
now we are where we are—a position which all
ought to have foreseen—where we must compro-
mise or fight.
I nay, then, if there is any responsibility attached
to the circumstances in which 1 find myself, I
stand acquitted from any participation in it. The
responsibility lies among my friends on the right. !
T doubt not. they acted patriotically, but impa- '
tiently—in obedience to the impatience of their
people. They have suffered themselves to be
pushed into their present position without due
reflection.
Now, being brought to the alternative by cir-
cumstances over which I have no control, I go for
compromise, and against war. But in this course
I am actuated by no unmanly fear of consequences.
1 know that, under the existing state of the world,
wars are sometimes necessary: the utmost regard
forjustice and equity cannot always prevent them.
And when war must be met, I "shall be among the
last to flinch. I may appeal to -my past history: :
in support of this assertion. But lam averse from ■
going to war on this question, .for the reasons t-
have given. But not for these only; I have still
higher reasons. Although wars may at times be
necessary, yet peace is a positive good", and war -
is A positive evil; and I chng to peace so long, as
it can be preserved consistently with the national
safety and honor; andl am against war so long
as it can be avoided without a sacrifice of either.
I am opposed to war in this ease, because neither
of these exigencies exist: it maybe, as I conceive,
avoided without sacrificing either the national
honor or the national safety. But if these dangers
did exist, to a certain extent, war is still highly
inexpedient; because our rights in Oregon can be
sustained with more than an equal chance of suc-
cess without war than with it. This is a great
and weighty reason against war. He who goes
so stoutly to war for " all of Oregon or none,"
may possibly come out of it with "none." I
concede to my countrymen the possession of all
the bravery, patriotism,and intelligence which can
be claimed for them; but we shall go into this
contest with great disadvantages on our side. As
long as Great Britain has a large force in the east,
and is mistress of the sea, she can carry on the war
at much less expense.
There is another reason why I am opposed to
it: the war would soon cease to be for Oregon; the
struggle would be for empire, and it would be be-
tween the greatest Power in Europe on the one'
side, and the greatest and most growing and spirit-,
ed people of the west on the other. It would be
pressed on upon both sides with all the force, vig-
or, energy, and perseverance of two great and
brave nations; each would strike the other in the
most vulnerable point, and the blows would be
tremendous. Amidst the uproar of such a con-
test, Oregon would soon be forgotten, utterly for-
gotten, to be recovered, if at all, on the contingen-
cies of success or the reverse.
My next reason is, that, though it is alleged that
we must fight in oi'4er to protect- our citizens in
Oregon, instead of their protection war would en-,
sure their utter destruction, It is the most certain
way to sacrifice them. This I will never eonsent
to do. They are American citizens—our brethren
and kindred. We have encouraged them to go
there;, and I never will give a vote the result of
which must, be their utter and speedy destruction.
But if we make a compromise on latitude 49°,
they will all be safe; for, if I am rightly informed,
there is not a man of them to be found north of
that line. This will carry all the points we have
in view, instead of sacrificing them all.
I am against war, too, for reasons common to
the whole Union. I believe that the most success-
ful and triumphant war we could possibly wage—
even if, in ten years, we should get all the most
extravagant advocate of war has dared to hope
for—if we. could take the Canadas, and New
Brunswick, and Nova Scotia, and every other
British possession, and drive her flag from the
whole continent, and prosecute our advantages till
we had accomplished the downfall of the British
throne, and she should yield up spear and shield
and trident at our feet, it would be to us the most
disastrous event that could happen. I do not now
allude to the ravages and desolations of warfare;
to the oceans of blood that must flow, and the va-
rious miseries that ever accompany the contest of
arms; because I have never observed that the state-
ment of these things had any great effect upon a
brave people. No doubt the evils would be very-
great, because there are no two nations in the
world who can do each other so much harm in
war, or so much good in peace, as Great Britain
and the United States. The devastation would be
tremendous on both sides. But all this goes for
nothing; for this may all be repaired. The in-
domitable industry, and enterprise, and perseve-
rance of our widely-spread and still spreading and
multiplying population, will soon find ways and
means of repairing whatever merely physical dis-
asters war can inflict. But war has far heavier
inflictions for a free people ; it works a social and
political change in the people themselves, and in
the character of their institutions. A war such as
this, will be of vast extent; every nerve and muscle
on either side will be strained to the utmost; every
commandable dollar will be put in requisition; hot
a portion of our entire frontier but will become the
