1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
505
scene of contest. It will be a Mexican war on the
one side, and an Indian war upon the, other. Its
flames will be all around us; it will be a war on the
Pacific and a war on the Atlantic; it will rage on
every side-, and. fill the. land. Suppose Oregon
shall be abandoned," we must raise seven armies
andtwo navies; we must raise and equip an army
against the'Mexicans; and let' no man sneer at the
mention of such a Power- Under the guidance
and training of British officers, the Mexican popu-
lation co.ulcl,be rendered a formidable enemy. See
what Britain has made of the feeble Sepoys of In-
dia. The Mexicans are a braver and a hardier
people, and they will form the cheapest of all ar-
mies. With good training and good pay, they
may be rendered a very formidable force. Then,
we must have another army to guard our southern
Atlantic frontier, and another to protect our north-
ern Atlantic frontier, and another to operate on our
northeastern boundary, and still another to cover
our Indian frontier. At the least estimate, we
shall require a force of not less than two hundred
thousand men in the field. In addition to that,
the venerable and intelligent Albert Gallatin has
calculated the cost of such a war at sixty-five mil-
lions of dollars; but that amount is too small. A
hundred millions is not an over-estimate; and of
this sum, fifty millions must be raised annually,
by loans or paper; so that, allowing the war to
continue for ten years, wo shall have an amount of
five hundred millions of public debt. Add to thin
the losses which must accrue on loans: it will
be very difficult to get these loans negotiated in
Europe; for, owing to the unfortunate maimer in
which this affair has been conducted, the feeling in
Europe will be generally against us. We cannot
obtain the requisite sums under an interest of thirty
and forty per cent. Add nil these expenses, anil
our total debt will not be loss than seven hundred
and fifty millions.
But this is not all. We shall be plunged into
the paper system as deeply as we were" in the
days of the Revolution; and what will then he our
situation at the conclusion of the war? We shall
be left with a mortgage of seven hundred and fifty"
millions of dollars on the labor of the American
people; for it all falls on tin; labor of the country
at last, while much of the money will £0 into the
pockets of those who struck not a blow in the eon-
test. We should then have the task of restoring
a circulating medium of a sounder character, and
that from the deepest degradation of the currency.
This is a hard job, as all of us know who have
gone through with it. Besides, the influence of
the war will naturally bo to obliterate the line of
distinction between'the State mid General Gov-
ernments. We shall hear no more about State
rights, but the Government will become in cflbc.t a
consolidated republic. By our very success, it
will give a military impulse to the national mind
which eaix never be overcome. The ambition of i,
the nation will seek conquest after conquest, mid jj
will soon become possessed by a spirit totally in- i|
consistent with the forms and gfenius of our Gov- jj
eminent; and tills will lead, by n straight and easy ;l
road, to that gulf of all republics—a military des- h
potisin. Then wo shall have to provide for three ;
or four successful generals, who will soon bo com- j'
peting for the Presidency. Before tho generation ;
which waged the war shall have passed away they |
will witness a contest between hostile generals. >|
He who conquered Mexico, and he who conquered >j
Canada, will each insist upon his right to ihe sent ii
of power, and they will end their struggle by the j.
sword. Freedom thus lost, institutions thus un-
dermined and overturned, never can be recovered.
The national ruin will be irretrievable. 'j
I appeal, then, to gentlemen near me—to my
friends, whose separation from us on this question q
I deeply regret—and I say to them, is it for you, ,!
who are Democrats par excellence.—for you, who j|
are the enemies of paper money and the sworn :•
destroyers of all banks and ail artificial classes in ,j
society—is it for you to vote for a measure of such 11
very equivocal success ? ;;
But I have still higher reasons. I am opposed ij
to war as a friend to human improvement, to hu- !i
man civilization, to human progress and advance-
ment. Never in the history of the world has there ^,
occurred a period so remarkable us the peace which i;
followed the battle of Waterloo for the great ad- j|
vances made in the condition of human society, l|
and that in various forms. The chemical and me- ;!
chanical powers have been investigated and applied
to advance the comforts of human life in a degree
far beyond all that was ever known or hoped be-
fore. Civilization has been spreading its influence
far and wide, and the general progress of human
society has outstripped all that had been previous-
ly witnessed. The invention of man has seized
upon and subjugated two great agencies of the nat-
ural world which never before were made the ser-
vants of man : I refer to steam and electricity, un-
der which, of course, I include magnetism in all its
phenomena. Steam has been controlled and avail-
ed of for all the purposes of human intercourse.
True, the steam-engine had been discovered before
that period, but its powers have been subsequently
perfected, and by its resistless energies has brought
nations together whom nature had seemed to sepa-
rate by insurmountable barriers. It has shortened
the passage across the Atlantic more than one-half,
while the rapidity of travelling on land has been
three times gi eater than by the common motive
power. Within the .same period man has chaincd
the very lightning of heaven, and brought it down
and made it administer to the transmission of hu-
man thought, insomuch that it may with truth be
said that our ideas tire not only transmitted with
the rapidity of lightning, but by lightning itself.
Magic wires are stretching themselves 111 all direc-
tions over the globe, and when their mystic meshes
shall at length have been perfected, our globe itself
will be endowed with a .sensitiveness which will
I render it impossible to touch it on miy one point
i and the touch not be felt from one end of the world
to the other. All this progress, all this growth of
human happiness, all this spread of human light
and knowledge, will lie arrested by war. And
sludl we incur a result like that which must be
produced by n war, for Oregon? And this work
is un yet but commenced; it is but the breaking of
the dawn of the world great jubilee. It pi onuses
a diiy of more refinement, more intellectual bright-
ness, more moral elevation, ttnd consequently of
more human felicity, than the world has ever seen
from its emmon.
Now the United States ami Kngland are two na-
tions to be pre-eminently instrumental in bringing
about this happy change, because 1 consider tlieni
its being the most advanced in the scale of human
improvement, and most in circumstances to fuither
this amelioration, because they have tho control of
the greatest and most extensive commerce at pres-
ent m existence. We have been thus distinguish-
ed by Providence for a great and a noble purpose,
mid I trust we shall fulfil our high destiny.
Again, I am opposed to war, because I hold that
it is now io be determined whether two such na-
tions as these shall exist for the future as friends
or enemies. A declaration of war of one of them
against the other must be pregnant with miseries,
not only to themselves, but to the world around
them.
Another reason is, that mighty means are now
put into the bunds of both to cement mid secure a
perpetual peace, by breaking down the barriers of
commerce and uniting them more closely in at! in-
tercourse mutually beneficial, If this shall be ac- j
cotuplished, other nations will, one after another,
follow the fair cxumple, and a state of general pros-
perity, bcietotbie unknown, will gradually unite
and bless the nations of the world.
And far more than that. An intercourse like
this points to that inspiring day which philoso-
phers h.ive hoped for, which poets have seen in
the bright visions of fancy, and which prophecy
has seen in holy vision—'when man sludl learn war
no more. Who can contemplate it state of the
world like this, and not liel his heart exult at the
piospect?^ Ami who «m doubt that, in the hand
of'an omnipotent Providrnce, a free mid unrestrict-
ed commerce sludl prove one of the greatest agents
in bringing i< about?
Finally, 1 am against war because peace—peace
is pre-eminently our policy. Theie are nations in
the world who may resort to war for the settlement
of their differences, and still grow great; but that
nation is not ours. Providence has east our happy
inheritance where its frontier extends for twenty-
three degrees of latitude along the Atlantic coast.
It has given us, a land which, in natural advan-
tages, is perhaps imeqwdled by any other. Abun-
dant in all resources; excellent in climate; fertile
and exuberant in soil; capable of sustaining, in the
plentiful enjoyment of all the necessaries of life, a
population of two hundred millions of souls. Our
great mission as a people is to occupy this vast do-
main—there to fulfil the primeval command to in-
crease and multiply, and replenish the land with
an industrious and virtuous population; to level
the forests, and let in upon their solitude the light
of day; to clear the swamps and morasses, and re-
| deem them to the plough and sickle; to spread over
! hill and dale the echoes of human labor and human
| happiness and contentment; to fill the land with
; cities, and towns, and villages; to unite its oppo-
j site extremities by turnpikes and railroads jtoscoop
j out canals for the transmission of its products, and
I open rivers for its internal trade. War can only
| impede the fulfilment of this high mission of Hea-
| ven; it absorbs the wealth, and diverts the energy
! which might be so much better devoted to the im-
| provement of our country. All we want is peace—
established peace; and then time, under the gui-
i dance of a wise and cautious policy, will soon
1 effect for us all the rest. I say time will do it, un-
] dcr the influence of a wise and masterly inactivity
] —a phrase than which none other has been less
! understood or more grossly misrepresented. By
some, who should have known better, it has been
construed to mean inaction. But mere inertness,
and what is meant by a wise inactivity, are things
wide apart as the poles. The one is the offspring
of ignorance and of indolence; the other is tho re-
sult of the profoundest wisdom—a wisdom which
looks into the nature and bearing of things; which
sees how conspiring causes work out their effects,
and shape and change the condition of man.
Where wo find that natural causes will of tliem-
! selves work out our good, our wisdom is to let
i; them work; and all our task is to remove impedi-
ments. In the present case, one of the greatest of
these impediments is found in our impatience.
He who cannot understand the difference be-
tween an inactivity like this, and mere stupid in-
action, and the doing of nothing, is as yet but in
the born-book of political science. Yes, time—
ever-laboring time—wall effect everything for us.
Our population is now increasing at the annual aver-
age of six hundred thousand. Let the next twen-
ty-five years elapse, and our average increase will
have readied a million a year, and before many of
the younger Senators here shall have become as
greyheaded as 1 am, we shall count a population of
forty-five millions. Before that day, it will have
spread from ocean to ocean. The coasts of the
lacific will then be as densely populated and as
thickly settled with villages and towns as the coast
of the Atlantic is now. In another generation we
shall have reached eighty millions of people, and,
if we can preserve peace, who shall set bounds to
our prosperity or our success? With one foot
planted on the Atlantic and th« other on the Pacific,
we shall occupy a position between the two old
comments of the world—a position eminently cal-
culated to secuie to us the commerce and the in-
fluence of both. If we abide by the counsels of
common sense—if wc succeed in preserving our
constitutional liberty, we shall then exhibita spec-
tacle such as tho world never saw. I know that
this one great mission is encompassed with diffi-
culties; but such is the inherent energy of our po-
litical system, and such its expansive Capability,
| that it may be made to govern the widest space,
j If by war we become great, we cannot be free; if
j we will be both great and free, our policy is peace,
j Before 1 resume my seat, allow me to say a few
| words which relate personally to myself, and then
j I will relieve the Senate.
1 I have been charged with having more inelina-
! tion for the annexation of Texas than for the reten-
j tion of Oregon; and it has been said that my par-
| tialities are strong for the South, but very weak in
I comparison for the Worth. But why is-Texas
j spoken of as particularly con nected with the South-
I em States? I always thought that Texas formed
a part, and a very important part, of the valley of
i the Mississippi, and that the hearts of all who
j loved the West were particularly set upon its ae-
: quisition as a means of perfecting and consumma-
| ting the Union of our great Western world. I
| never knew that Texas was confined to a southern
I latitude. I thought its higher portions extended
1 up to the latitude of 42° north, not far from the
{great pass of the Rocky mountains; and I have
I been m the habit of supposing that the southern
: ptates proper had not so great an interest in it as
, had the great West. But it seems I was wronc,
I and that the annexation of Texas was a purefv
■ southern question. Admitting it to be so I put
: my defence upon the ground that I have treated
