1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
507
Mr. JOHN H. EWING followed; but yielded
the floor to—
Mr. HER'RICK, who gave notice of his inten-
tion to move the following amendment at the proper
time:
" That $5,000 of the appropriation for the im-
Erovement of the navigation of the Hudson river
e applied to that portion of said river lying be-
tween the State dams, or sloop-lock, and the foot
of Grand Division street, in the city of Troy."
Mr, HERRICK went on to say that, in offer-
ing the amendmant, he would call the attention of
the committee to the report from the War Depart-
ment, in which it would be seen that the portion
of the river named in the amendment had been
recognised fc>y that department in their first appro-
priation of an outlay in this portion of the river
of $6,743 64, and between the citics of Troy and
Albany $130,284 60, and below tho city of Alba-
ny $230,313 54—making a total of $367,991 78;
which outlay had been made by grading the banks,
thereby holding back the alluvial soil that com-
poses the banks, by building dams or dikes across
the mouth of the creek for the purpose of making
a straight channel; believing, after that was done,
the current, naturally confined in one track, will
keep itself clear without further outlays. The
laige amount of money already used upon this
river will be entirely lost unless the. purl that was
left in an unfinished state meets speedy repairs,
A break in one of these dikes, that could have
been repaired for $2,000, will now cost many
. times that amount. Mr. H. further stated that
the last appropriation was made in 1839, and the
condition or the river was now quite as bad as
before tins outlay, in consequence of the unfin-
ished state in which the work was left, and the
works, if left as they now are, amounted to a dead
loss to the amount of tho former appropriation;
that tho State of New York had made grout out-
lays in improvement, which mighL he. found
very convenient, and shortly, too, under our pres-
ent state of" foreign relations; that we have for the
benefit of.tho great military depot opposite the
south part of tho city of Troy, nearly or about
sovel) hundred miles of eiuiat, romnm over $>30,-
000,000, and also o\er .seven hundred mile,-! of
railroad, costing the State over $iy,000,000— ma-
king an outlay of over $50,000,000; and this
depot, situated in the centre of all these pent
•works, could nnd would, iI'necessary, be found of
the utmost, utility and convenience in time of war,
(which God forever avert.) It is desired hy Colo-
nel Tott.cn as a central point, so necessary to run-
centrals raw or undisciplined troops lor purposes
of drill. It is also safe from any midden attack of
the enemy, thereby being the proper plai e for the
accumulation of military stores or lmmiiioiis of
war; and, by tho amendment offered, will .s>ive
passage by river, at a dry season, or by canal at
others,"to Lake Champluiu and Canada to the
north; by tho railroad or canal either to the Lakes
Oswogo, Ontario, and all the. great western lakes;
to the east across the granite hills of Massachu-
setts; to the Atlantic ami the South, if the com-
mittee will insert this small appropriation to pro-
tect works they have nheudy begun, and which
they profess tho supervision of. Thus it^will be
seen that, by surveying the United States from the
Pacific to the Atlantic, no place could be found
embracing so many advantages for a military de-
pot as the one spolcen of.
The State of New York ought to be looked
upon with an eye of favor for thus pushing on
those great works. Mr. H. requested every mem-
ber of the committee to read the able report of Col-
onel Abert, of the topographical department, by
which will be seen the vast importance of the mili-
tary establishment at almost the head of tide-
water of the Hudson. Mr. H.. said he hoped
there would have been appropriated for tins im-
provement, for the present year, $100,000, instead of
the amount recommended by the Secretary ot War;
but he should be thankful for the present amount.
Could gentlemen sail up the beautiful Hudson du-
ring its busy season, and find its noble bosom cov-
ered, and thickly, too, and see passenger steam-
boats compelled frequently to put out of the chan-
nel for the purpose of allowing the very large tows
to pass, they would have some idea of the vast
value of the commerce which passes ok the bosom
of that river. Mr. H. said he was willing to
allow of wonders being performed on the great
father of rivers, and that the travel and commerce
upon that river were immense, and its capacity
such it might be quadrupled, and still it has ca-
pacity for any further addition of business that
may ever be desired; while the Hudson needs
every attention and care for its navigable improve-
ment to perform the duties required of it; and but
for the improvements of science, and for which
our whole country is so much indebted to the im-
mortal Fulton, it would not now be competent to
perform what is required from it. He said he was
happy in observing that there are now before the
State Legislature of New York petitions signed by
thousands for a railroad from the city of New
York, to connect at-Greenbush with the Albany
and West Stockbridge road, which leads to Bos-
ton, and the Greenbush and Troy road, which
leads to the Great West, and terminates at Buffalo,
on Lake Erie; and he trusted that the liberality of
that great State will pass the bill; and, should they
do so, it will relieve the noble Hudson of part of
its burden, and bring tho great city of New York
within four or five hours of the cities of Albany
and Troy. Under these circumstances, will not
this committee grant a small sum for the purpose
of improving the river over which they hold the
supervision?
Here Mr. RAT EI BUN inquired upon what
ground Mr. lltniiiOK stood? Was he uwng up
his own time, or the time, of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kwino?] *
Mr. UEltlUCK. replied that ho was ai the mer-
cy of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, and when
he directed, lie should take lust-cut. lie desired
to say much more, but could not allow himself,
day after day, to join in the scramble for the door;
but be would be glnd at any time to get the Hour,
that fie might a^si^n his rea.Mtn.s for lus vote on the
Oregon resolutions.
Mr. ICWLNIJ, of Pennsylvania, then took the
floor, and, m a speech of much aiiiunilinti mid potul,
! spoke of the consiutctton of the Democratic party,
' and ot' the. discordant views of the several wm^s ui
sections of that party. These viewm mid pnnuples
were so discordant, that y was impossible to say
what wits the 1 leiuoci'aiie eiceil, j leiuoemcy in
one siction of the limoii was not I >eiiioc,rncy in
another set Uun. 1 le t ,o uestly n eommendi d it. to
the parly to have iis ciocd written out, that the
P people and the country might, if that were possi-
Ide, understand what were the great, leading prin-
1 ciplcs or landmarks of the party, lie spoke some
; umo upon what he termed the imposition practised
i; on the pe.ople of Pennsylvania in the late election,
!i l.y making Mr. folk a better friend to the tariff of
i l,s.f2 ilian Mr. Clay. Now, it was found that tho
!■ vital interims of this same Pennsylvania, this coti-
0 filling Pi niiNylvmiia, were to be sacrificed by the
;j President and the paily that had received their
j. support.
i; I he Democratic party luis contended that the.
j; election of Mr. Polk was an endorsement of the
1 principles laid down at the Baltimore convention;
I he appealed to his Democratic colleagues from
; Pennsylvania to say if such is the fact. "Hy asked
them to say whether it whs possible that Pemisyl-
! \aniu would have cast her vote for Mr. Polk jf they
| had understood that lie was opposed to the tariff
of 184:2? His Democratic colleagues well knew
j that they contended before the people that Mr.
! Polk wan a ffiend to the tariff; yes, a better friend
| than Henry Clay; and thus the unsuspecting and
honest citizens of Pennsylvania were induced to
vote for what was called the Democratic candidate.
The people were honest and upright in their inten-
tions, and never doubted but that the policy of the
country would still continue as it was, until they
saw the proposition from the Secretary of the
Treasury, presenting a total change of policy as it
regards the protection of the manufacturing and
agricultural interest of the country; a report which
they might much more readily have suspected to
have emanated from Sir Robert Peel.
Mr. E. said the people of Pennsylvania have
become alarmed at the prospects which things
present, and look with much interest to the doings
of their Representatives in Conwess. He said he
must say to them in advance that they must pre-
pare for the worst; the party in power, by their
action ut the Baltimore convention, had decided
that the tariff of 1842 must be broken down, and
a revenue tariff established. Having every depart-
ment of the Government in their power, they will
feel that they must try the practical illustration of
their doctrines. Heretofore it has so happened
that the Whigs have always held the balance of
power upon all great questions of interest, and
have thus protected the great interests of the coun-
try. While the party in power unite in securing
all the offices of the country, they trust to the
Whigs to take care of the interest of the country,
still retaining all their capital for another contest,
while the country has advanced with great pros-
perity under a Democratic Administration admin-
istered upon Whig principles. But Mr. E. said
he had no hope of the longer continuance of this
state of things. He would willingly give the
Democrats the offices if they would let the country
alone. Having gained such strength in both
branches of the Legislature, with the Executive,
the party cannot longer manage the people; they
must now try the illustration of their principles
practically, otherwise the people will see the de-
ception which has been practised on them, in a
refusal to carry out the principles which the party
have advocated as of such importance to the
country.
Mr. E. said he would here warn western Dem-
ocrats that it would be to their interest to join their
cars to the middle and northern States. With these
they could assimilate; but it was impossible for
them to harmonize with the South. Their feel-
ings, views, and interests were totally different.
They hod nothing to hope or expect from the
South. It is true, he said, that at the last session
of Congress, and at the commencement of the
present session, the western Democrats united in
introducing into this confederacy an independent
Government, (Texas,) and that, too, without any
constitutional scruples whatever, though there was
embraced in their constitution their principles of
eternal slavery, no power even in the Legislature
to abolish it. The tune will come, he said, when
those, of ihc West who voted for this proposition
will regret their action. And oven the South (said
Mr. K.) will feel the increase of the incubus which
now hears them down; and, if experience could
teach iliem anything, it would seem that the pres-
ent condition of the slave States would have satis-
fied all. \V lulo the free States are"advancing with
unexampled success, the slave States are going
back, and they led it themselves. This (said Mr.
E.) is to be attributed to slavery. Will the western
Democrats look again to the action of the South
upon their favorite project? What has been the
coarse of the South upon the Oregon question?
lJo they redeem their pledge to the West, that if
the West would give them Texas, they would go
for Oregon ? How is it that this change has come
over them? The question, Mr. E. said, was easily
answered. This is northern territory, and would
be an offset to slave Texas. As well might you
attempt to mix oil and water as to attempt to har-
monize the interest of the western and southern
Democracy.
But, Mr. E. said, his object was to speak in re-
ference to the improvement of the Ohio river, and
particularly to the item for the purchase of the
Louisville and Portland canal. There is no im-
provement contained m this hill of so much impor-
tance to the commercial interests of the country,
and equally so, he believed, to the defence of the
country m time of wai. The improvement of the
Ohio and Mississippi rivers extends from north to
south, through the interior of the States, a distance
over two thousand miles, embracing one of the
richest countries on the globe, with a commerce
amounting to over a million of dollars annually,
and employing over a thousand steamers. All this
interest, said Mr. E., is to he interrupted by this
Louisville and Portland canal, which is insufficient
to accommodate, even with great delay and expense,
the trade which presses upon it. This Work was
commenced in 1825 and finished in ]831, at a cost
of about one million of dollars, the United States '
taking about one-third of the stock; and from the
time the work was opened until the present time
the stockholders have received more m dividends
than the original cost. The Government has paid
$233,000 and recieved $057,000, twenty-four thou-
sand more than it paid in; thus taxing the agricul-
tural products of the West to that amount. The
West now asks that its trade may be relieved from
tins tax; that the Government shall improve those
falls m such manner as to afford a free and ready
communication up and down. As a means of de-
fence it is all-important. In case of war, by the
improvement and free passage of those falls, you
command at once an extent of over two thousand
