510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
excuse. This is the third session of which I have
been a member of this House, and 1 have never
before been thus arraigned. I wish to add, that
at the very first warning I received that there had
been a call of the House, 1 came hei e. I was not
under arrest.
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved that Mr. Haralson
be discharged from arrest, and be permitted to take
his seat without payment of fees.
The motion was agreed to unanimously.
So Mr. Haralson was discharged from arrest,
and took his seat without payment of fees.
Mr. James Thompson (the next on the list)
was scat eel y heard on the left of the Chair, j
J3ut he was understood to say that he had left the i
House after five o'clock, feeling much indisposed; 1
that M< ie leaving the House, he had consulted ;
with a more experienced member os to the proba-
bility of a call of the House, whose opinion was :
thai there would not be one, but who had promised ;
to send for him if a call should take place; that lie ;
had taken his tea and hud down, when he heard :
of the call of the House. I
After a briefeom erxation,
Mr. Thompson-, without payment of fees, was'
admitted to his scat. " :
After some further conversation,
A motion to suspend all further proceeding on
the call was made, and the vote stood—ayes 40, i
noes 40, |a tie.] :
The Speaker [pro tcm.] voted in (ho negative. '
The vote, therefore, stood—ayes 40, noes 41. '
So the House refused to suspend proceedings on ;
the eall. , j
Mr. BcmxGnu, (the next member on the list,)
in evuse, wa^ understood to say: 1 went on !
Saturday ni«rht last to the county of Loudon to
visit my children, a pleasure 1 had not indulged in
Pini'.'s I Jefi, V"irii'inia to attend to my duties here.
T selected Saturday as the period of my \isii that
I miiiht lose as little time as possible. I had got ■
but of the sto^e not more than ten minutes when !
the Sergeant-nt-Anns came, and I obeyed his call. |
Mr. Bedingeii, without payment of fees, was i
admitted to his seat. ■ _ j
A motion was now made that the House ad- !
journ. !
The yeas and nnys were, asked and ordered, i
and, heimr taken, were—yeas G3, nays 41. :
So the House, at ten minutes past nine o'clock, j
adjourned. j
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March IT, 1846.
Mr. ALLEN presented the memorial of citizens
of the county of Paulding, in the State of Ohio,
praying a reduction in the price of the public lands
in that county: which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. MANGUM presented the petition of New-
bald M. Prickett & Company, asking the passage
of a law to allow them to takeout a patent for their
discovery of a mode of cultivating the tea plant in
the United States ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office, and order-
ed to be printed.
Mr. DIX presented a petition of citizens of Mon-
roe county, New York, praying the abrogation of
certain treaties made with the Seneca Indians*,
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Alfairs.
Mr. D. also presented the petition of Ilalsted,
Haines, & Company, importing merchants in New
York, praying that certain duties illegally exactcd
of them by the collector of that port may be re-
funded, which was referred toHhe Committee on
Finance.
Mr. D. further presented the petition of owners
and masters of vessels engaged in the navigation of
the lakes, praying the improvement of the She-
boygan river; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Mr. BREESE submitted an additional document
in relation to the petition of R. H. Chapman and
William S. Derring; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr, TIJRNEY presented the petition of the
widow of John T. King, praying compensation
for the services of her late husband as pension
agent in East Tennessee; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. ASHLEY submitted additional documents
in support of the claim of Henry and Q. R. Cheat-
ham; which were referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE presented the petition of
citizens of Michigan, praying the establishment of
a post-route from Niles to New Buffalo, in that
State; which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. H. JOHNSON submitted the following res-
olution; which was agreed to:
l\'csolvedy That the Secretary of the Treasury be
instructed to report to the Senate the condition of
the now building intended for a marine hospital m
New Orleans; the sum required to complete the
building: the sum paid per month by the United
States tor rent of the building now used as a mu-
nne hospital mihat city; ami also an account of
the expenses attending me esuudishment pennonth,
specifying thediilerent items of the said expense.
I\lr. J. further submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which lies over:
Jiesotred, That the reporters of the Senate, who
ha\e seals assigned them, shall be furnished with
one copy each ofsueh documents, repoits, &e., of
wiiK'h au extra number are furnished over the reg-
ular number pimted by order of the Senate.
Mr. AMI LEV submitted the following icsoIu-
tion; winch was agreed to:
Jicsoln d, That the Committee* on the Judiciary
inqujie into the expedient y of extending the admi-
ralty and maritime jurisdiction of the distuctcourts
of tin; United States to cases arising in the naviga-
ble. waters of the United States.
Air. BAG BYsubmitted the following resolution;
which lies men
Jlfsolval, That after Monday next, the Senate
will meet at deujii o'clock, a. m.
Air. BUEESK submitted the following resolu-
tion; whii-h lies over:
Jitsoln </, That the Secretary of ihc Treasury be,
and he is heieby, authorized and directed to cause
the maps now m the room of the Committee on
Public Lands of the Senate, and compiled from the
aciual surveys, to be finished, so as to render them
useful for the purposes for which they were origin-
ally intended: Provided, if the same cannot be fin-
ished with the force now at the disposal of the said
Secretary in the General Land Oilice, then, and in
that case, additional foice be employed for that
purpose.
Mr. SPEIGHT submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was agreed to:
liotohwdj That the Committee on Commerce be
insuueted to inquire into the expediency of making
an appropriation to aid the State of Mississippi m
rebuilding the marine hospital at Vicksburg.
Mr. ASHLEY submitted the following reso-
lution; which lies over:
Resolved, That hereafter the Senate will sit on
Fridays until otherwise ordered, and will appro-
priate that day exclusively to the consideration of
the lulls and joint resolutions in the general orders
of the Senate, proceeding according to the order in
which they stand thereon.
KfiVORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the committee on the Ju-
diciary, submitted an adverse report upon the me-
morials of the members of the bur of Philadelphia,
and also of New Jersey, in favor of distributing
the undrawn salary of the associate justice of the
Supreme Court for the eastern and western districts
of Pennsylvania and the district of New Jersey,
among the district judges of these districts.
Mr. A., from the same committee, reported a
bill for the relief of certain bail of Thaddcus P.
Haskell, of the State of Vermont; which was read,
and passed to a second, reading.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, moved that the said committee be
discharged from the further consideration of the
petition of the heirsof Uustavus B. Horner; which
motion was agreed to.
Mr. T. CLAYTON, from the same committee,
submitted an adverse report upon the petition of
the heirs of Major General William Alexander
Lord Sterling; which report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. JARNAG-IN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs; to which was referred "A bill author-
izing persons to whom reservations of land have
been made under Indian treaties to alienate the
same in fee," reported the same without amend-
ment, and without any recommendation in relation.
thereto. . . . •
Mr. J., also, from the same committee, submit-
ed an adverse report upon the petition of Preston
Starritt and others; which report was ordered to
be printed.
GENERAL ORDERS OF THE DAY.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
resolution submitted several days since by Mr.
Dayton, calling upon the President of the United
States to inform the Senate whether, in his judg-
ment, any circumstances connected with or grow-
ing1 out of the present relations of the United States
caTl for an increase of the army or naval force of
the United States; which was adopted.
Mr. WESTCOTT moved that the prior orders
of the day be postponed, and that the Senate re-
sume the consideration of the <{ Bill to repeal the
net icquiring one of the judges of the circuit court
for the District of Columbia hereafter to reside in
Alexandria;"" which motion was agreed to.
The bill was considered as in committee of the
whole, and reported back to the Senate without
amendment; when
Mr. BREESE remarked that he considered it
his duty to say that the bill was opposed by the
members of the bar and the citizens of Alexan-
dria, and that he could see no good reason for its
repeal.
Mr. ASHLEY" stated, from information received
from the clerk of the court, that in the three years
last past, but thirty cases were brought under the
cognizance of the court in question which required
the. presence of the judge in Alexandria; while du-
ring live months of'the year the duties of the office
required him to be in this city. Under these cir-
cumstances, the Committee on the Judiciary con-
sidered it unicasonable in the citizens of Alexan-
dria to oppose the repeal of the law referred to, and
had therefore reported in favor of the same.
Mr. SPEIGHT suggested to the chairman of
the Judiciary Committee that the probability of a
recession of Alexandria to the State of Virginia"
was another argument in favor of the repeal of the
law.
Mr. ASHLEY was obliged .to differ upon this
point with the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
Swsight.J He did not suppose that the retroces-
sion alluded to would take place,-as such a course
would by many be feared as presenting at a future
day an argument for the removal of the seat of
government to the West-
After some further remarks upon the subject
submitted by Senators WESTCOTT and MIL-
LER, the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, the bill was imme-
diately read a third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. DICKINSON, the prior order
was further postponed, and the Senate resumed
the consideration of the joint resolution for the re-
lief of Peter Gorman; which was read a third time,
and-passed.
INTERNAL IMPROVEMENTS.
On motion of Mr. SPEIGHT, the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the $11 to apply certain
alternate sections of the public domain towards the
completion of the works of internal improvement
in the State of Michigan, and for other purposes,
as in committee of the whole.
Mr. BAGBY objected to the bill, because its ef-
fect would be to increase the price of the public
lands. There was a general wish that this price
should be reduced. He also objected, because the
bill did, in effect, if not in terms, make an appro-
priation from the treasury for the purpose of ma-
king internal improvements in the State of Michi-
gan.
Mr. SPEIGHT replied, in defence of the bill,
that the object of the bill was to increase the value
of the public lands, and he had never before heard
that the people of the West desired a depreciation
of the value of these lands. He hoped the vote
would be taken without further debate.
Mr. Bx\GBY adverted to a remark which he
had heard from a Senator from Michigan, that the
treasury would be reimbursed for this grant by the
increased value which would be given to the pub-
lic lands in the State. He gave the Senator from
| Mississippi credit for his discovery of a difference
j between price and value, and repeated his obiec-
! tions to the bill.
