512
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Mar6h"'li?l-
matter what speeches were made against it—what-
ever array of fact or argument should be ranged
against it, that it would pass. If lhat be so, I beg
to inquire whether that declaration was intended
to express the deliberate decision of the Senate;
and when the honorable Senator appeals to us, or
.states to us, that we arc committed to the asser-
tion of our title to the whole of Oregon—commit-
ted by the declaration of the President, and the
resolutions of the Baltimore convention—to whom
does he appeal? To the Senate of the United
States, or to a portion of that body? I say again,
whatever may be the views of otheis—and on that
I Ray nothing, for I take at its full value the decla-
ration made by the Senator from Ohio—but I say
for myself, that this is not a party question, nor a
question for party or individual dictation. It is
not a question on which any man has a light to
assume for himself that superiority of moral and
intellectual power which enables him to prescribe
a standard by which the patriotism and the ''none"
of other Senators are to be measured. To all pre-
tensions of this son, the answer is simple, and
it is emphatic—look at home—biace yuur own
u nerves n—cherish your own '• patriotism—
guard the avenues to error 111 your own bosom—
and be content, if, having done this, you can iaith-
tully discharge your own duty, leaving to otheis
their proper responsibility. 1 take it, therefore,
that in entering upon the examination of this ques-
tion, 1 am free to consider all the issues which U
presents; that I am unfettered by any previous ob-
ligation, and unrestrained by auy party coiisideia-
tions. But here I encounter a difficulty m the
opinions which have been expressed by various
Senators. I am told that this subject is not open
to unfettered discussion; that I may not speak un-
less with the view of asserting the title of the
United States to the territory of Oregon. I am
called upon to exercise an act of judgment by giv-
ing my vote in relation to a question m which the
assertion of our title to this territory may lead us
into wur; I am told that 1 may not investigate
those questions which constitute tiie very elements
of the subject under discussion ! Why, if we
are to assert our title to the whole territory of
Oregon; if we are to assert, if need be, by force
of arms, the strength or the weakness of our
ntlo—the extent, or the limit within which it
will be piudent, and n ht, and proper, to enforce
h—,m(l since wo propose, under a certain con-
tingency, to assert it by force of arms—the strength
or weakness of our means of so asseitnig it
are m-eessaiily elements of the question under
ronsidemtion. Vet we hear it Mild by the Senator
fioni Delaware, [Mr. Clayton,] and also by the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Air. Webstjlr,] m
the use of a strong expression, as it strikes me,
rather calculated to indicate a reluctance to enter
into this discussion while negotiations were pend-
ing than manifesting ins determination not to do
so, if lus sense of duty should require it—i hear it
stud by both those Senators that this is not the
proper occasion for discussing this title. JN'o man
yield* a moi c willing tribute to the intelligence and
forecast of those honorable Senators than I do;
and yet I confess my judgment concurs rather
with the plain and simple exposition of my duty
given by the honorable Senator from Missouri,
•who sits nearest me, [Mr. Atchison.] If any
Senator believes that ins duty requires inm to ex-
pose the weakness of our title, lie is bound to do
so, and so pievent, as far as in his power, his
country from in an unnecessary, and,
what m that case would be, an unjust wur. For
myself, I shall not find it necessary to go into an
examination of the title m all its extent; but to the
extent which t find it necessary for the purpose of
presenting my views cleaiiy to the Senate, i shall
have no hesitation to go, perfectly willing, ii de-
nunciation is to follow, to encounter it, and under
tiie belief that 1 should ha*e lived worse than in
vain ±i9 in the discharge of my duty as an Ameri-
can Senator, X am not to speak the truth to iny
countrymen, even though it should be uttered m
the hearing of their adversaries. Sir, in my opin-
ion, tins duty has become the more imperative,
because the discussions of this subject here and
elsewhere have been calculated to produce false
impressions on the public mind. They have been
calculated to place Senators who cannot concur in
the ultra measures which tins resolution contem-
plates in a false position, which they are not bound
to preserve in silence.
It is said that our title to the vast territory which
intervenes between the Rocky nfoiui tains and the
Pacific—between tiie 42d parallel and 40 minutes be-
yond the 54th degree of north latitude—is " clear
and unquestionable/' that it cannot be denied; that
it is an act of treason to compromise it; that it can-
not be submitted to the arbitrament of a friendly tri-
bunal—even one constituted as we shall desire.
This territory is not described—as in truth it is—
a vast wilderness, inhabited, in the most part, by
aboriginal tribes; and that the contest between
Great Britain and the United States really is, as to
their priority of right, to wrest this territory from
its aboriginal inhabitants. The people of the Uni-
ted States have been told that their claim to this
territory is undoubted; that Great Britain has not
a scintilla of right; that her claim is lawless and
prosecuted in a spirit of arrogance; and that the
energy and patriotism of the American people are
summoned to resist it. They are told that not
merely our national rights, but our national honor
—our notional character—are involved in this con-
troversy; and that unless we proceed to those ultra
measuies which gentlemen require, that honor and
that character will be sacrificed. Now, if these
things bo true, why is the President inactive ? If
they are not true, why is he silent? Whether true
or false, Mr. President, if these impressions can
be made upon the public, mind—if these opinions
can bo received by the American people—the feel-
ing which they awaken is an obvious one. That
feeling will require from Great Britain an uncon-
ditional and absolute surrender of her rights, or
will demand fioni us the enforcement of our own.
In that o\cnt war would be—to adopt the adjec-
tive which the Senator from Michigan has discard-
ed—war would be '' inevitable.55 Then the, ques-
tion is, can we in the discharge of our constitution-
al duty do anything to avert these consequences?
It seems to me to be within the scope of the consti-
tutional power of the Senate to accomplish that ob-
ject. it seems to me that a calm and dispassionate
consideration of this subject will lead us to a con-
clusion, the tflcctof which will be the picservation
of thogeacc of the country. And I think that our
first duty will be to strip this subject of the gloss
winch has hern given to it—of that coloring which
has been imparted to it, and which is calculated un-
duly to arouse the feelings of the American people.
They are told that the national honor is involved;
that the national soil is attempted to be wrested
from them.' They are told that our title to this ter-
ritory is " unquestionable/* Strip this subject of
these, representations—present it to the American
people in its true condition, and then they will
be disposed to calm, dispassionate and peaceful
action.
How is the national honor involved in the set-
tlement of our conflicting claims to this territory?
How is the national character affected by the de-
termination of a question of boundary between
Great Britain and us in regard to the territory of
Oregon ? And what is our undoubted title to this
temloiy? Sir, in my humble judgment, it is an
utter perversion of language to assert that either
Great Britain or the United States possess an un-
doubted title to this property. There is no prin-
ciple of national law—there is no law human or
divine, which can be applied to the facts of this
case, whichwillsustam the assertion that we have
a clear aud undoubted title. We have claims which,
duly prosecuted, will eventuate in the acquisition of
a utlc; and those ckums to the extent to which they
arc sustained by the principle of law and the facts
of the case, we are bound to assert and maintain.
But what is our title, or that of Great Britain, to
this land—to this vast extent of territory in the
possession of these aboriginal tribes? Why, she
and we, and those under whom we claim, have
sailed along this coast—have landed here and there
—have made occasional settlements—have traded
with the natives—have explored a river, and made
a settlement on its banks; and this the American
people are told has gr, en them an undoubted title
—an undoubted property in that whole tcrritoi y ?
Why, what are the elements of that title? They
have neither possession, the right of possession,
nor the right of property, nor a jurisdiction, in
the absence of all the&e, is it not perversion of lan-
guage to assert, that cither of those contending pur-
ties has an undoubted title to this property ? You
have not possession—I mean of course exclusive
possession, which is necessary to maintain exclu-
sive title—you have not possession, for your pos-
session is the possession of Great Britain-—her
possession is ours. You have not the right of pos-
session. You cannot acquire it. The convention
forbids it. You have not the right of property in
the soil; that everybody agrees belongs to tiie ab-
origines until their title be extinguished. You may
acquire this title when you shall have legitimately *
acquired possession by force or fraud, Or -honest
compromise, as either we or Great Britain, taking- ■
the various precedents in the history of both coun-
tries, may choose to adopt the one or the  t>ther
course. Butiii the meantime to assert that we have
an undoubted title to this property—to inflame the
American mind by the representation that w^e are '
engaged in a contest for our own soil, is, in my
judgment, to misrepresent to them this whole sub-
ject.
Sir, the contest between Great Britain and the
United States is a struggle for priority of right to
trample upon the rights of these aborigines; and
is it for such a prize that two great and Chris-
tian nations are disposed to put in jeopardy all
their great and essential interests? I am not wil-
ling to deliver to the Senate any homily upon abo-
riginal rights. I know the principle by which the
law of nations authorizes the acquisition of terri-
tory, in the manner in which we are preparing to
acquire this territory. I know that the earth was
given for the habitation of man, and that as a con- ~
sequence of the primeval curse it must he cultivated,
and that when people are too closely pent up, they
will find outlets into some contiguous and more
convenient positions. All this may be admitted;
but what I desire to do is, to divest this subject of
the character given to it as a contest for bur own
soil—as a contest for a portion of our own Union
—as a struggle with a foreign Power in defence of
our firesides and our homes—of our domestic al-
tars and our household gods. Sir, that is not the
character of this controversy. We and Great
Britain are seeking to acquire title to the territory
of Oregon, and the question is, which has the pri-
ority of right to make that acquisition, not who
has made it ? The question is, whether, in the ac-
quisition of right to that territory, we shall be-al-
lowed to cover its whole extend; or whether, cir-
cumscribing our pretensions within specific limits,
the residue shall be open to the pretensions of
Great Britain ? The subject thus presented in this
aspect to the consideration of the American peo-
ple, will receive their calm and dispassionate de-
liberation. When they understand that not then*
homes, not their firesides, are invaded, but that
there is a mere question about ou,r priority of right
with Great Britain to acquire a foreign and distant
territory now in the possession of aboriginal tribes,
they will say that the United States has rights in
that view of the subject which may be maintained,
but that the national honor is not involved—that
the national character is not involved—that it is
a question which is to be adjusted by compromise
ana in the spirit of peace, and not by carclessly
rushing upon all the calamities of war. It is in
this aspect that I desire to present this subject to
the consideration of the Senate, and through the
Senate to the country, so as to prepare the way for
two propositions, for which I mean to contend. If
this were a question affecting our 'own eoit—if it
were a question relating to. any pan of this'Union
—if it were a question, relating to any spot within
the limits of the United States, over which the stars
and stripes of the Union extend their protective
influence—if it were a question in which the na-
tional character and honor were involved,—why,
it would be vain for any Senator to present that
as a subject of compromise. Will you compro-
mise a question which regards your right to your
home9 Will you compromise a question which
involves your own honor or your own char-
actor ? ?Jo. But if the question relates merely to
the acquisition of a foreign territory—to measures
which are to be taken for the assertion of a priori-
ty of claim—that is a question which the Ameri-
can people will readily recognise as a fit subject
for compromise. And now, having brought my
(| judgment to theconclusion that this is the true as-
. pect in which this question is to be presented—that
! it is properly the subject of compromise—I submit
to the consideration of the Senate, and through the
Senate to the country, two propositions, which I
l propose^ very briefly to discuss.
j fhe nrst of these is, sir, that from the time of
t our earliest negotiations oil this subject, down to a
! very recent period-, we have ourselves, and of our
