THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR k. RIVES.
29th Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, MARCH 20, 1846.
New Series....No. 33.
own accord,-prescribed the limits of our claims in
this territory, beyond which we have not denied
"he rights of Great Britain. The second is, that
the course uniformly pursued by our predecessors
in all their negotiations on this subject, is recom-
mended to our observance by the singular and ex-
traordinary concurrence of all the various claims
tinder which we assert the title to this territory in
the limits which have been so fixed.
Mr. President, before submitting these two prop-
ositions to a very brief examination, it is necessa-
ry to remove an objection which was stated by the
Senator from Missouri, who sits near me. These
limitations of our title, to which I refer, were, in
the view of that Senator, propositions of compro-
mise, by which we are not now bound, inasmuch
as they were not acted upon or rejected. The
Senator invoked a rule of evidence applicable to
the business before ari ordinary tribunal of justice,
which forbids offers made or attempts at a settle-
mentof a dispute to be offered in court as evidence.
The rule is truly stated by the Senator from Mis-
souri: it rests on the obvious principle that a man
should be permitted to purchase peace wilhoutthe
failure of his specific oners; and if this was a ease
between us and Great Britain, which was pending
before a tribunal competent to decide between us,
it would not rest with Great Britain to adduce as
evidence of our reiuuiumlmicnt of our title the:ic
offers of compromise on our part. But, sir, th.it is
not our position. We are not. now before a tribu-
nal competent to decide between us, and these ref-
erences were not made in a spirit, adverse to our
claims. We are here as the representatives of one
of the parties to the controversy. We are confer-
ring among ourselves as to the extent to which it
is right and proper to assert our claims to this ter-
ritory. In such a position, advising among our-
selves, as the representatives of one. of these parties,
as to the' extent to which we outfit to assert our
title, and lookms;- to the duties such an assertion
would impose on us, it is fit and proper to consider
what has been done by those of our pivdei essors
who have been engaged in the matter; ami not
alone what they have done, but the grounds on
which they have acted, and that we make that
examination under the conviction that it is neither [
■'it nor proper we should, for bent reasons, de- j
part from the principles on which they have uni- :
'"orally acted. Sir, national consistency is an i>le- I
ment quite as efficient as national honor to main- |
tain our rights. Admitting that the rule of the !
Senator from Missouri was applicable in this ;
case, and that our position is such as to require, i
us to look at the conduct of our predecessors, j
national consistency requires that we should not ;
depart from the course they adopted, without j
strong reasons for doing so. Now, sir, I do |
not propose to enter into a minute examination ,
of the various negotiations which have taken
place in reference to our title to Oregon. The
proposition I shall maintain is, that in almost
every negotiation, from the earliest down to a re-
cent period , we have, of our own accord, pi escn bed
limits to our title, beyond which we have not de-
nied that of Great Britain. If that shall appear, it
will, it seems to me, show that we cannot, without
inconsistency, or throwing an imputation on those
who have gone before us, depart from the course
laid down. I desire that it ma^ be considered that
we are. in this day the agents of this Government;
and although the agents have changed, the Gov- i
ernmcnt remains the same. The same Government
that prescribed these limits is the same in behalf
of which we are to decide this ease. Oiiicial in-
cumbents change, but Government remains the
same. Chaieaubriandsaid,mpronouncmgthoeu-
joey of a French monarch—availinghimself of the j,
opportunity of hailing the accession of another: '■
" The king is dead! 'let the nation mourn. The
kin? lives! let the nation rejoice. The king is
dead! The king lives! Long live the king!"
That language was intended to illustrate the per-
petuity of the office of the Chief Magistrate, how-
ever temporary the office of the incumbent. That
illustration is applicable to the office of the Chief
Magistrate of this Union. If our predecessors—
= o9
our Government—have prescribed a limit, beyond
which it was not disposed to assert its title to Ore-
gon, I repeat, we cannot, but upon strong grounds,
justify our departure from the limits which we have
of our own accord laid down. 3STow, sir, what I
desire to say on this subject—and I ask the atten-
tion of the Senate to the references I am about to
make, without °;oin^ into the whole of the negotia-
tions on this question, because they seem not to
have attracted the attention to which they are en-
titled—the proposition T wish to make to the Sen-
ate is this: that from the earliest stewje of negotia-
tions, without looking through all the territory and
contesting any claims made by Great Britain there,
our apprehensions have been directed to the inter-
ference of Great Britain wJlh the claims we assett
to certain limits. This is found in the earliest de-
spatch 1 have been aide to find of the Secretary of
State to Messrs. Gallatin and Ilush:
44 The. new pretensions, however, of disputing
4 our title to the settlement of the mouth of the Co-
4 hunbhi river, either indicates a design on their
4 part to encroach by new settlements of their own
4 upon the 40th parallel of latitude, south of which
4 they have no valid claim upon this continent, or
4 it manifests   jealousy of the United Htatcs—a
4 desire, Jo check the progress of our settlements, of
' which it miirht have been supposed that expe-
4 rieneo would, before this dav, hu\e relieved
4 them. Their projects for the line, both in th<j
4 negotiation of iVfessis. Monroe and Pmkney, in
4 1WMJ, mid at (Jhent, m IS{4, were to t'ike the 49th
* pnralh I of laiiltule, from the Luke of the Woods
4 west, as far as the ten itories of the United Shtlts
4 extend in that direction, with a caveat against its
4 extension to the South sea, or beyond the Htony
4 mountains; upon which two observations aie to
* be made: first, that it is uncertain whether any
4 part of tin; .Lake of the Wu<xb i.s in latitude 40,
4 and, secondly, that they always affected to apply
' the. indefinite limit of extension 4 as far as the Itr
4 rHoriev erlernl,' to the territories of the United
4 States, and not to those of Great Britain, leaving
4 a nest-egg for future pretensions, on their part,
4 south of latitude 49.*1
Now, from this it appears that the apprehension
which existed in the mind of the. American nego-
tiator was not thnt our claims would be brought
into conflict with those of Great Britain north' of
latitude 49°—beyond that parallel no claim was
nsseited; but that Great Britain might be disposed
to interfere south of that parallel; and, by peeking
to extend the lino «outh of that parallel, to reserve
a nest-eo;"; tlmt murht. be used thereafter.
My. .TARNAGIN". What is the date of that?
Mr. BK.RR1EN". Tts date is 1818. ] have al-
ready said, sir, that this restraint which has been
imposed by our own Government, wan not always
presented hi the form of an offer of compromise,
but as a demarcation of limits. For this purpose,
} refer to this proposal of Gallatin and Rush in the
same negotiations, made iu consequence of the in-
Ktruetions I have just read. Here is the proposal
of the. .American commissioners, page 384:
44 It is agreed that a line drawn duo north or
4 south, as the ease may require, from the most
4 northwestern point of the Lake of the Woods,
4 until it shall intei sect the forty-ninth parallel of
1 north latitude, and from the point of such intev-
4 section, due west, nloug and with the said parallel,
4 shall be the line of demarcation between the ter-
4 ritories of the United States and those of his
4 Britannic Majesty to the westward of the said
' lake; and that the said line shall form the north-
4 ern boundary of the said territories of the United
4 States, and the southern boundary of his Britan-
4 nic Majesty's said territories from the said lake
' to the Pacific oceanit being, however, distinctly
' understood that, with respcct to the territories
4 situated on the northwest coast of America, or
4 westward of the Stony mountains, the two high
* contracting parties intend hereby to define the
4 extent of their respective claims so far only as
4 relates to the two parties, and without reference
4 to the claims of any other nation.''
Mr. BREESE here inquired if the extract read
referred to a period before we acquired the Span-
ish title. „ „„
Mr. BERRIEN. It is my purpose, as soon as
I finish the reading of the documents to which 1
propose to refer, to advert to that subject, and give
it ail the consideration it seems to require.
Mr. WEBSTER inquired the date of the docu-
ments referred to by Mr. B.
Mr. BERRIEN. The 20th of October, 1818.
That proposal was brought into operation in the
treaty of joint occupancy between the two nations,
leaving the residue unprovided for. Here is the
proposition of the British commissioner, page 191:
"And in order to pi event any disputes as to .the
' territorial rights of either of the contracting' par-
' tics on the noithwest coa^t of America, or any-
' where to the westward of the Slimy mountains, it
' i.s agreed that so much of the said country as lies
'between the forty-fifth and forty-ninth parallels
' of latitude, together with its harbors, bays, and
' creeks, and the navigation of all rivers within the
' same, shall be free and open to the. subjects and
'citizens of the two States respectively, for the
' purpose of trade and commerce; it being well un-
' derstood that, although, by virtue of this arrange-
' nient, the two hiffh contacting parties agree not
' to exercise, as against each other, any sovereign
' or territorial authority within the above-mention-
4 ed country lyins; between the forty-fifth and for-
' ty-ninth parallels of latitude, this agreement is
' not to be construed to the prejudice of any claim
' to which either of the two high contracting par-
' ties may have to any territoiial authority in any
' part of the countiy lying within the said limits;
' nor shall it be taken to ailect the claim of any
i 4 other Power or State to any part of the said
'country; the only object of the two high eon-
j ' treeting parties bciniT* to prevent disputes and
' diilercnces between themselves."
Tliev could not consent to throw into common
stock the ten itory south of 49°, because it was that
portion of the territory to which only they denied
the claim of Great Britain.
Now as to the suggestion of the ocnator from
Illinois, which, at this point it was my own pur-
pose to consider. His suggestion was that these
otTers were made by our plenipotentiaries before
the treaty with Spain, by which we acquired the
territory of Florida in 1819. But there are two
answers to this suggestion, which I recommend
to the consideration of the Senator from Illinois.
The first is, that in 1818 we were already in pos-
session of the title we derived from Prance, which
is considered by gentlemen on this floor as the
strongest of all our grounds of claim. We were
also already m possession of the title which we
derived by the discovery of Gray, his subsequent
settlement on the coast, and the exploration of
Lewis and Clarice. Both of these go far, but not
beyond the 49th parallel. It is difficult only as we
have precluded ourselves by the treaty with Rus-
sia, to set limits to our claims. But the discovery
of Gray, and the exploration of Lewis and Clarke,
and the settlement subsequently on the banks of
the Columbia bv American citizens—with respect
to this latter title, the head sources of that river ex-
tend very nearly, if not quite, to 54° 40'. We
were then in possession of two sources of title,
and we are in possession of them at this moment.
And yet our Government thought it right to set a
limit to that claim at 49°, beyond which they did
not oppose the claim of Great Britain.
But there is a second answer, that is, that when
we came into the Spanish title by the treaty of
Florida, wo continued still to reiterate our tide to
the territory north of 49°, and to confine our al-
lowance of the British claim to that portion which
lies south of that parallel. These are the answers
I have to make to the Senator: first, that when
these propositions were made we were m posses-
sion of our own title by discovery, and that derived
by treaty, and that both of these would have given
us the same limit which we possessed in 1818;
and, secondly, that this Government, by the treaty
from which we derive the Spanish title, has given
the same extent to the claim, and no more.
Mr. President, I suppose I have now establish-
