514
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
ed my first proposition, that this Government, in
its negotiations with Great Britain, from the earliest
time down to the present—for 1 need not say these
offers were reitf rated—that this Government, from
the earliest period down to a very recent date, has,
of its own accord, prescribed a limit to its own
claims, beyond which it has not denied that of
Great Britain.
A.nd now as to the second proposition I have
laid down. If tho Senate will do me the favor to
recollect that this limit, prescribed by this Govern-
ment on all former occasions, was justified by the
singular and extraordinary concurrence of all the
other sources of title in fixing the same line.
Now, we derive our title, hrst, from contiguity;
secondly, from the discovery of Gray, and the ex-
ploration by L°wis and Clarke; thirdly, from the
purchase of Louisiana from France; fourthly, from
the treaty by which wc obtained the accession of
Florida from Spain.
As to the fix st title—that from contiguity—al-
though some gentlemen seem to attach not "much
importance to our claim founded on contiguity, to
me it appears one of the strongest we can offer on
this question. Why, sir, if wo arc driven from
thiw side, to seek territory for our people beyond
the Rocky mountains what so natural as that we
should cross within the line of our own territory,
rather than ascend into that of Great Britain? Sir,
it has been said there is no philosophy in this utlc
from contiguity; but to me it conies recommended
by right reason, which is a principle of true phi-
losophy. First, then, the title by cont'guity hunts
the title to that which has been prescribed by our
predecessors. Now, how stands the title by the
discovery of Gray of the mouth of the river, by
the settlements on its bank^ at its mouth by Amer-
ican citizens, and by its exploration ? Some gen-
tlemen think that this title by discovery was w eak-
ened by the fact that Gray was a private citizen,
and not" in the employment of Government. That
is not my opinion. 1 believe that whatever rights
ace.rucd to Gray by that discovery aeerutd to his
Government, The flag of that Government was
over him; it flew at the masthead of his vessel, and
protected and accompanied him in all his adven-
tures; and what he acquired by his discovery must
have been either for himself or his Government,
and there can be no doubt that the latter is the true
way of regarding it. Nor is there any difficulty m
the fact relating to Mr. Astor, that a majority of
tho directors of the Pacific Fur Company were for-
eigners. That company was Aineiican; it was
formed within the limits of the United States: it
was set on foot by American enterprise, and sos-
t'lined by American capital; its place of departure
was in the United States; its head was an Ameri-
can citizen, and also its chief agents. I take it for
granted that the discovery by Gray of the Colum-
bia river, the settlements on Us banks, and jts ex-
ploration by Lewis and Clarke, give such a title as
can be given by the exploration and discovery of a
ri\er undertaken by the direction and authority of
Government. For, so far, the question seems to be
clear. But now the question arises, to what ex-
tent shall that entitle us to claim territory there*
The principle recognised by usage, and the law of
nations, as applicable in this case, is, that the dis-
covery and exploration of a river gives title to the
valley through which it flows. What is the ex-
tent of the valley of the Columbia? We know its
sources and can ascertain their latitude; butunless
the maps deceivc us, there is a range of mountains
lying between the Pacific and sources of the Colum-
bia, which must terminate the valley of the river;
and this throws Frazer's Island within the limit of
the British possessions. If these mountains exist
between the Columbia and the Pacific, then they
limit the extent of the valley, and consequently the
extent we can claim in conscquence of this discov-
ery. Now, it was in consideration of difficulties
of this sort, and others deemed equally important,
that Mr. Adams, in his instructions to Mr. Hush,
desired him to confine the claims of his Govern-
ment to these limits; and he did so restrict it that
it concurs with, and is supported by, the principle
of contiguity of which I have just spoken, and
these two together concur with the limit agreed to
and prescribed by our predecessois. Now, as to
our title from France: I am willing to assume that
the tenth article of the treaty of Utrecht was effected
by pursuing the course that was neccssary to keep
it to the 49th parallel, and then running the line in-
definitely westward. Indefinitely westward can
receive no other meaning than this: indefinitely
west as far as the territory of the contracting par-
tics extended. But Great Britain made no preten-
sions to territory extending west to the Pacific at
the date of the treaty of Utrecht. Could we make
any such pretensions ? Could France ? Did France
make any profession of giving this territory to her
rival in consequence of her possession of Louisiana?
I answer, no; her title to Louisiana was acquired
by the exploration of the Mississippi river, and it
stopped short of the Rocky mountains. Such
would be the principle of the law of nations as ap-
plicable to title by discovery. In n book which I
have found very useful—Mr. Greenhow's work on
this subject—1 find an extract from the charter
granted \)y a king of France to Mr, Crozet, in these
words:
" Wc have, by these presents, signed with our
4 hand, authorized, and do authorize, the said Sicur
'Oiw.at, to cany on exclusively the trade in nil
* the territories bv us possessed, and bounded by
' New Mexico and by those of the English in Car-
* olina, ali the establishments, ports, harbors, riv-
' ers, and especially the port and harbor of Dau-
* phin Island, formerly called Massacre Island, the
' ran St. Louis, formerly called the Mississippi,
' from the srrs-shorc to the Illinois, together with
' the rivers St. Philip, formerly called the Missouri
<mer, und the St. Jerome, formerly called the
{ Wabash, 11ho Ohio,] with nil the countries, ter-
' ritories, lakes in the land, and the rivers cmpty-
' ing directly or indirectly into that part of the
' river St. Lotus. All the said territories, eotin-
' tries, rivers, streams, and islands, wo will to be
4 and l emaiu comprised under the name of tho gov-
1 ernment of Louisiana, which shall be dependant
' on the. general government, of New France, and
' remain subordinate to it; and we will, moreover,
* that all the territories which we possess on this
{ side of the Illinois, be united, as far as need be,
c to the general uovernment of New France, and
'forma part thereof; reserving to ourself, never-
' theless, to meiease, if we judge proper, the c\-
4 tent ol the government of the said country of
' Louisiana.''
And now, sir, it is thus seen that France did
not claim an indefinite extension west of Louisi-
ana by the exploration of the Mississippi river,
and consequently wc could not prefer any such
claim. But for the purpose of this argument it is
immaterial whether the treaty of Utrecht was car-
ried into execution; because ifthe line, as fixed by
that treaty, was not run, but only directed, still it
would have given the territory south of 4$° to us,
and that to the north to Great Britain, on the prin-
ciple applied to the exploration of tho Mississippi
river by France.
[Mr. Bkrkien extended his remarks on this
point, but it was impossible, to hear him amidst
the noixo in the galleries.]
Now, as to the Spanish title, and on this I shall
be brief: I do not mean to go through the several
discoveries of Spain, but I admit that  Spain did
set up claims to all the northwest coast of America
up to latitude GL But I also assert what is unde-
niable, that that claim of Spain was contested by
other nations; and, beyond the actual settlements
of Spain, they asserted their right was as good as
hers to make settlements on the northwest coast in
any place not already occupied by her. And the
treaty of Nqotka Sound, so often adverted to in
this discussion, seems to me to be only of this use,
that it is the recorded evidence of the claims set up
by Spain, and that Great Britain contested the
claim of Spain in the territory, for it recognised
the right of Great Britain to make settlements on
the coast in any place not in possession of Spain.
Spain seems to have understood this, for, imme-
diately after, she abandoned all her settlements
north of the Columbia. But maik the extraordi-
nary concurrence of ali these claims with the action
of Spain by virtue of this treaty; for, taking the
northern limit of settlements at Nootka Sound, it
brings it to about 49°, which concurs with all the
other sources of our claims. I suppose now, sir,
I have sustained, as well as 1 am able under the
circumstances, the two propositions I stated to the
Senate; in the first place, that we have prescribed
limits to our own claims; and, secondly, that we
find a concurrence in all the various sources of
title.
This, then, in my judgment, presents a case for
compromise; and the question is, how is that com-
promise to be effected ? That is the real difficulty
which attends this investigation. Will the notice
which it is proposed to give be calculated to facili-
tate the object we have in view ? I doubt not that
it is the desire of a majority of this body that this
matter should be adjusted by compromise. The
inquiry—the difficult inquiry—is, will they accom-
plish their object by giving this notice, either in its
naked or its modified form ? A very few observa-
tions on that; and, first, it is necessary for us to
consider what is the position in which we may be
placed, by the act of giving notice, at the expira-
tion of twelve months, if compromise do not take
place. We give the notice irr the expectation of
compromise. But that may not be realized; and
as prudent men, legislating in regard to the inter-
ests of others, it behooves us to consider what will"
he our position, if, after having given the notice,
compromise be not effected. We shall then have
arrived at a point at which we must unquestion-
ably assert our title to the whole of Oregon, or
abandon it; because such is the obvious intention
of the President of the United States, as disclosed
in his Message, in asking the authority to give
this notice. But for another reason we must as-
sert our title to whatever portion of that territory
wc design ultimately to lay claim. We must assert
it at the expiration of the twelve months' notice*
or abandon it. Unless all we have said is merely
vnin boasting, we must take possession of the
whole, or we shall be acting with obvious incon-
sistency. Whatever portion we intend to claim
we must claim. The possession of Great Britain
is not now in our possession. It is a joint pos-
session, notwithstanding the criticism made upon
(he term "joint occupancy." This is most as-
suredly a convention of joint occupancy. It was
negotiated for that purpose—so treated and de-
scribed, and spoken of by those who negotiated
it, as also by the President in his Message. It is
a treaty for joint occupancy, with a stipulation
that this joint possession shall not £ive exclusive
right to cither, nor the rights of either be inter-
fered with by it. But the moment that this notice
shall have expired—that this convention shall have
ceased to exist—that possession which is now the
joint possession of Great Britain and the United
'States, so far as Great Britain has possession,,
will be hers exclusively and adverse to us, and
we must do one of two things: either allow her to
acquirc the title to that portion of the territory of
which she is in possession, or we must ejcct her—
terminate her possession. That is the position
in which we will be placed after the' expiration of
the notice, if compromise be not in the meantime
effected.
But what will be our position immediately after
the notice is given ? Is no change in our position
effected by the mere act of giving notice? I take
it that a very important change is thus effected.
Are we to remain inactive after giving notice to
Great Britain that at the end of twelve months the
convention must expire ? Do we mean that the ex-
piration of these twelve months shall find the coun-
try in its present defenceless condition, with a dec-
laration then meeting Great Britain in the face that
we mean, at the expiration of twelve months,
to assert, peaceably or forcibly, according as she
yields to or resists, our title to the whole of this-ter-
ritory? And knowing the state of armament in
which she is, do we mean to suffer the intervening
period between the time when notice is given and
the expiration of the twelve months to be passed
in inaction? Do we mean, during all that time,
relying upon the hope of compromise, to abstain
from putting the country into a state of defence?
I trust not. Whatever hopes of compromise may
exist, it will not be prudent, relying upon them, to
refrain from putting the country in a state of de-
fence. It will not tend to the realization of those
hopes to present to Great Britain the spectacle of
our inactivity and consequent inability to assert
our pretensions at the end of the period of notice.
Well, then, the immediate act of giving the notice
without waiting for the expiration of the twelve
months, will of itself, from the very moment of
giving notice, impose upon us new and high ob-
ligations. It totally changes our relations. Now,
in relation to this territory we have a friendly com-
pact with Great Britain; so long as it subsists and
is faithfully observed by each party, there is no
conflict, no collision; but when the notice is given,
our relations to Great Britain are immediately
changed. We immediately impose upon ourselves
the obligation to put this country in a state of de-
