1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
515
fence. And now I ask Senators, are they prepared,
immediately after giving this notice, to commence
the jvork of arming the country? Gentlemen who
look to this notice as the means by which we may
ultimately assert our title to the whole country will
answer this question in the affirmative. They
are ready to do that now which they expect to be
obliged to do at the expiration of the term, if not
done now. But to those gentlemen who rely upon
compromise as the result of giving this notice, I ask
whether, while they are waiting for compromise,
they are ■willing to expend the millions which must
be expended in order to put the country in a prop-
er state of defence? Now, Mr. President, this is
the position in which we shall be placed by the
act of giving notice, not merely at the expiration of
twelve months, but immediately after the notice is
given. Then we are to give the notice—gentlemen
who vote for it in its qualified form especially are
to give the notice, in the expectation that it will
facilitate the peaceable adjustment of this contro-
versy. Will it do so ? If this is, as I have said
before, the real question of difficulty, how will the
notice accomplish that object ? I listened to the
argument yesterday of the Senator from South
Caiolina [Mr. Calhoun] with intense interest, for
the purpose of ascertaining from him how it was
that his mind had been brought to the conclusion
which " inclined" him to sustain this notice in a
modified form; and he expects that it would facili-
tate compromise. The first suggestion is, that the
two nations, seeing that this matter must be ad-
justed within a prescribed tunc, will quicken their
eiforts for that purpose. Now what is that propo-
sition ? "Why, it is that the certainty of tlu; colli-
sion which will lcsult between them after tlic ex-
piration of twelve months—if the question be not
before that time amicably settled, will prompt them
to settle it immediately; that is to say, the fear of j
the consequences will operate upon the negotiators j
and induce them 10 quicken their movements. 1
ask if Senators really believe that that would give ■
an additional impulse to the movements of our own j
Government ? Oo they believe that our own Gov- j
eminent will quicken its step? will submit, tiny i
proposition to tite British Government which they I
may consider inconsistent with the rights nntl in- \
teresls of the [Tinted Stales, iVoin ,i fear of the eon- j
sequences which might otherwise result? I pre- j
some not. And if we will not, will Ureal Britain ;
be actuated by a fear of those consequences wltu h ]
can produce no influence upon our mind or eon-
duct? On the contrary, it seems to me that the
two Governments will be embarrassed by the fact
of the existence of this notice; by the knowledge
of the fact that within the twelve mouths this
matter must be adjusted; that they are therefore
eireumsciibed in point of time, and are negotiating
with a sword suspended over then* heads ? I know
not if I judge correctly of the ordinary motives to
human action; but to me it certainly seems that the
notice would operate rather to retard than to facil-
itate negotiation.
Now look at it practically, and see which of the
two Governments will first move if you give this
notice. Will our own Government? The time
would seem to be propitious. Great Britain has
made an offer which we have rejected. We have
made an offer which has been rejected ; but with
this important circumstance attending it, that im-
mediately on the rejection of that offer by the
representative of the "British Government, we have
withdrawn it, and in the same note in which that
withdrawal was made, announced our right to the
whole territory. Subsequently to that time the
British Premier has in the British Parliament de-
clared the disposition of that Government to con-
sider that proposition; or in other words, he has
expressed the belief that that proposition ought to
have been submitted to that Government for con-
sideration. Will our Government avail itself of
that declaration made by the British Minister in
the only mode in which it could be made, since our
proposition has been actually withdrawn? Will
our Government advance and renew this offer? If
it do, 1 put it to the intelligence of Senators, will
the offer be aided by being accompanied by the
notice ? Why, in the first place the British Gov-
ernment have their own rejected offer; and, sec-
ondly our offer withdrawn, and accompanied by
an assertion of our title to the whole territory.
They have then made an offer of arbitration m
terms the most conciliatory, I would say, that I
have ever read in any diploni&tic paper. .That offer
has been rejected. They have made through their
prime Minister a declaration in the British Parlia-
ment, that it was desirable by that Government to
consider the offer which has been withdrawn. If,
then, in the face of all these considerations, the
notice be given, is it not likely to interfere seriously
with the amicable adjustment of this question ?
Mr. President, let us change situations with
Great Britain. As the power rests with the Glueen,
as the sole depositary of the treaty-making power,
it is not likely that Parliament would take any step
in advance. But suppose, for the sake of illustra-
tion, that a resolution of the Lords and Commons
should have been introduced into either House of
Parliament; that it should, have^ undergone just
such a debate as that to which this lesoiution has
been subjected in the two Houses of Congress;
that we should have been as much the subject of
denunciation and vituperation as Great Britain has
been; and suppose that, at the expiration of that
time, when that resolution was acted upon, they
should have come to us with a notice that this con-
vention should be terminated: I put the question
to Senators, would these circumstances dispose
them to conciliation? Would such denunciations
alarm their fears? Would they not rather avouse
their indignation? Would they, at any rate, be
more disposed to pursue a conciliatory course after
the United States had been the subject of denunci-
ation in the British Parliament, and that followed I
up by a resolution eleaily indicating tile disposition i
of Great Britain to stand on her rights at the expi- j
ration of twelve mouths, ami assi rt her claim to \
the whole territory? No man will answer that af- 1
iirnmtively. Let'it be recollected, then, that the j
Government of Uteal Bntain is in tin hands of j
men possessing the same passion-- and the same 1
Infirmities as oursilxes; and tin n 1 submit the
question, whether the prospect of conciliation is
not much better without than with the notice?.
Take the case of two individuals eiv;a?ed til a con- j
troversy: one says to the oilier, '
thinu, in 'lie way of a proposal, v
the adjustment of tin < rontrowi>y.
tent hnuS'lt'with that, the pinpo,
considered, inui decided upon
pose he says: " I lere is a pmpo'-a! for the adjust-
: 1 lere is snmc-
Inch I offer for
' .Old if he con-
oaal is receded,
merits. Bui sun-
,r-al for tl
meiit of our controv eivy; tail take rolice, jj'u be
not settled within a e.ivcn time, lake the conse-
quences." What is the result1 Koch a proposal
would be at once discarded, and the consequences
defied. 1 apprehend the same result would be the
consequence of following up the action of this Gov-
ernment m relation to this question of giving this
notice.
i do not hesitate about the course which it be-
comes me to pursue with regard to the proposition
of my eolleasue [Mr. Coi.qimtt] for a modification
of this resolution. I call with great pleasure vote
for that as ail amendment to tile resolution which
is proposed to the Senate. Whether, when that
resolution is so amended, I can bring my mind—
in view of all the consequences I have stated—to
the conclusion to support, this resolution as amend-
ed, is a question which I must reserve for consid-
eration until I shall bo called on to act. 1 am not
able, in the change referred to by my friend from
South Carolina, [Mr. Cu.houn,] to see sufficient
inducement to operate on my mind. I desire most
ardently to see this matter compromised. I am
aware of the great evils in which this country
would be involved by war. I desire most ardently
to pursue that course, if my judgment can ascertain
it, which will avert war, and lead to the peaceable
adjustment of this controversy, in a manner con-
sistent with the honor and interests of the country.
But I doubt whether the giving of the notice in any
form will have that tendency. The Senator from
North Carolina [Mr. Haywood] has told us that
the President's views are pacific, notwithstanding
the declarations in his Message—notwithstanding
that the manifest object of his recommendation is
to be armed with tlus authority for the purpose of
asserting our title to the whole of the territory. I
am unable to see this. I think the best of the ar-
gument on this point is with the Senators from
Ohio, [Mr. Aixen,] Indiana, [Mr. Hannegan,]
and Illinois, [Mr. Breese.] We are told that
the views of the President must have undergone
a change, because circumstances have changed.
Why? First, public opinion has clearly manifest-
ed a desire that this matter should be settled by
compromise; secondly, the declaration of S;r Rob-
ert Peel indicates clearly that that is the wish of
the British Government; and, thirdly, these indi-
cations of public opinion and of the desire of the
British Government have changed the position of
the President—have made him see that that which
he deemed incapable of compromise may be com-
promised. This may be so, but I ask, upon what
grounds is the Senate of the . United States to
act? Upon general rumors, in the face of the
official declarations of the President? Suppose
that he does not realize our expectations: sup-
pose it turns out that the Senators from Indi-
ana, Illinois, and Ohio, are right, and that the
Senator from North Carolina is wrong in his con-
ception of the President's views: suppose that
we, relyins; upon these representations, give the
notice, and then, that the President of the United
States should use it, as it is manifest, by his Mes-
sage, he designs to use it, in the assertion of our
right to the whole of Oregon,—what would you have
to say? That you had relied upon rumor; and that
it had lied to you; that you had acted upon er-
roneous representations of a change m the views
of the President? The Senator from South Car-
olina [Mr. Calhoun] says he " inclines" to give
this notice in a modified form, because the motives
| which the President had in demanding this notice,
which he supposes he did demand in the first in-
stance, with the view of asserting our title to the
whole of Oregon, can no longer act, because they
no longer exist. I do not think that that part of
the honorable Senator's speech displayed that
clearness of logic which usually characterizes lus
reasoning. I would respectfully ask, Is this con-
clusion warranted by these premises?—do these
piemises lead to this conclusion" The argument
of the honoiable gentleman rather went to show
that the notice ou"ht not to be given. Iain in
fuor of abstaining from this noiiee—abstaining
from actins upon the question till a point of time
in the session of the present Congress which would
nfl'otd a sufficient interval within winch, under the
influence of the present friendly feelings of Great
Britain and this country, tins negotiation might be
i"snmed; and which would allow us a sufficient
time afier that peiiod, if the mam r was not hi ou^ht
to friendly adju-ament, then to ;:i\e the. notice,
with a full view of ail the consequences which will
result fiom it, and mum diatelyr to prepare our-
selves for the consequences. I'm 3 will no'longer
trespass on the tune of the Senate. I have long
desired at heart to perform the duty which I owe
to my constituents, who have a deep interest in
this question—to perform it faithfully, fearlessly,
but in perfect respect and good will towards those
with whom I differ.
On motion of Mr. ARCHER,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 17, 1846.
The House, in pursuance of its order of yester-
day, met this morning at ten o'clock.
Very few members were present.
The Clerk proceeded to read the Journal.
Mr. TIBBATTS moved that the further reading
be dispensed with.
Mr. DROMGOOLE wished the JoArnal to be
read, that it might he seen what kind of entries
were made of the proceedings of last night.
The SPEAKER put the question on the motion
that the further reading of the Journal be dispensed
with.
And it was decided in the negative.
So the House refused to dispense with the further
reading.
The reading of the Journal was then concluded,
and it was approved.
Mr. TILDEN rose to inquire whether he was
returned on the Journal as having been arrested ?
The Clerk (replying through the Speaker) said
no; none of the members were so returned. The
words on the Journal were these: " Reported to the
House as present."
Mr. DROMGOOLE rose, he said, to a correc-
tion of the Journal. He understood that the names
of those members who appeared after the doors
were closed, were reported as having been arrested
by the Sergeant-at-Arms.
The Clerk (again replying through the Speaker)
said no; the entry was that the Sergeant-at-Arms
reported to the Speaker that members who did not
answer to their names, and were not excused, were
present, &c.
