518
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
from the treasury, he thought this the more just
and equitable mode.
The motion was not at present in order.
Mr. NORRIS moved the following item:
To improve the navigation of the "Cochico river
and the harbor of Dover, New Hampshire, $10,000.
Rejected.
By Mr. LA SERE: For dredging the bars at
the mouths of the Mississippi river, and construct-
ing the necessary works to keep the channel open,
$50,000. Rejected.
By Mr. SCAMMON: For a pier on the harbor
of Cape Porpoise, in the State of Maine, as report-
proving the navigation of the Delaware ri\er, be-
tween Trenton and Bordentown, in accordance
with the surveys made under the direction of the
United Slates enciinc^rs. Rejected.
Ky Mr. C0158: !<\>r the improvement of the
Flint river, G^oriruK 4*50,000. Rejected.
By Mr. DELANO, (on behtdf of Mr. Root:)
For the harbor of Clack river, on Lake Ene,
§2,000 Rojeetcd.
13y the s:i;ne: For the harbor of Vermillion,
§1.400. n-Mvu-d.
By Mr. (.> i i >01 \G^: For improving the harbor
at Oonraut, Jxcjc lud.
By Me. i)KL VXO: l/or the improvement of the
Maom^o bay and rivor, <20,UL)U—ayes 55, noes 87.
Rejected.
By Mr. M.-PLERNAND : For the improve-
ment of the navigation of the Ohio river at the
Grand and Liftle Chains, near the confluence of
the Cumberland and Tennessee rivers, $50,000.
By Mr. PAYNE: That every surplus dollar in
the tieasurv. after deducting the legitimate expend-
itures of Government, be distributed among the j
Slat';?, according to the federal ratio of rrprescnta- \
tion, to be applied by the Slates for the purpose of !
regulating commerce, by dioginu: canals, or pur- ,
eh;.snig those already du : building roads, chwr-!
ing out riveis, making harbors, establishing fcr- i
ries, erecting bridges, &<•., (Src. Rejected. \
By Mr. BKOGlvKiVBkotTGH: To distribute j
among the several States, according to the provis-
ions of the deposite act, all the mo,icy in the treas-
ury on the 1st, of October next, not otherwise
nppropnated, exceeding one million of dollars.
Rejected.
By Mr. BKLT. (rend for information only:) To
deposite with the several States the sum of two mil- i
lions of dollars, in part payment of the fourth in-1
stalment. i
A motion was made that the committee use.
Rejected.
The item of $10,000 for the harbor of Southport,
in Wisconsin, was read.
Mr. MARTIN moved to strike out $10,000, and
insert §15,000. Negatived.
Mr. MARTIN moved to insert the following
item:
"To aid in the construction of a harbor at the
mouth of Sheboygan river, on the western shore
of Lake Michigan, $10,000." Negatived.
By Mr. DANIEL P. KING: For the comple-
tion of the breakwater at Sandy bay, Massachu-
setts, §30,000.
For the improvement of the liarbor at Lane's
cove, $7,000.
For the preservation of Lynn harbor and Na-
hant beach, $20,000.
By Mr. TIBBATTS, (from the Committee on
Commerce:) For the works at Bridgeport, Con-
necticut, $15,000. Agreed to.
By the same: For obstructions in the harbor of
Providence, Rhode Island, . Agreed to.
By Mr. ABBOTT: for improving the harbor at
Newburyport, and the navigation of the Merri-
mack river, in Massachusetts, $15,000. Rejected.
By Mr. McILVAINE: For the construction of
alignt-house on the Brandywine shoals, in the riv-
er Delaware, $10,000. Rejected.
By Mr. JAMES THOMPSON: For the im-
provement of the harbor at North East, on Lake
Erie, in the State of Pennsylvania, $5,000.
By Mr. TRUMAN SMITH: For completing
works already commenced by the Government of
the United States for improving the harbor of
Southport, in the State of Connecticut, #15,000.
Rejected. iF
^e same: For improving (in conformity
with surveys and estimates heretofore made by the
Government of the United States) the harbor of
Stamford, in the State of Connecticut, §15,000.
Rejected.
fey Mr. J AS. THOMPSON: For the improve-
ment of the Alleghany river between Pittsburg,
Pennsylvania, and Olean, New York, §50,000. Re-
jected.
By Mr. GKOYER: For a survey of the Alle-
ghany river between Olean and Pittsburg, §10,000.
Rejected.
The item of $15,000 for the harbor of Newcastle,
in Delaware, being read—
Mr. HOUSTON moved to strikeout §15,000,
and to insert M0,000. Negatived.
The item of #75,000 for continuing the work on
the Delaware breakwater being read—
HOUSTON moved to amend the same by
striking 'Hit <75.000, and inserting §100,000. It
wu"* necalived.
By Mr. HAMPTON: For the commencement
of a bieakwater on Cm\v shoal, at Cape May
loads, ni the Drl twnre l av, ^100,000, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the Secretary of
War.
By Mr. fT VX1NGTTAM: For the survey of
Galveston hnrhoi, ^i.WOO. Rejected.
P.v Mr. Tim XTT'^. (aKo under instructions:)
^or rem >vtnu- the obstructions m Newark bay,
.V'nvd to.
Bvthe^me- For inmrovins; the harbor at Havre
de Gw, Agreed to.
By Mr. (T.O/JKR: For the improvement and
continuation of the canal round the Muscle Shoals,
m the Tenm s^f-c rtvei. and for removing obstruc-
tions in said river, >100,001), by ayes 78, noes 58,
agreed to.
By Mr. GILES: To strike out the item for the
Louisville and Portland canal; by ayes 70, noes 77,
rejei fed.
Hy Mr. DOTTGT.ASS: And also for the pur-
i h.'M- of thi Illinois c sid 1\1 a hi^an canal from the
Stat" of lilijiri sii-'h sum as mav be necessary;
which the P *evident of the United States is here-
by million ed to purchase, if it can be obtained
on such terms ;is he shall deem a fair and reason-
able price, for the purpose of opening a ship canal
between said lakes and the Gulf of Mexico, with
a view to their defence by the navy of the United
States.
By Mr. W. HUNT: For a ship eanal around
the, Falls of Niagara, to connect Lakes Eric and
Ontario, s50(L00b. Rejoetcd.
By Mr TIBBATTS: To strike out the item for
the Hudson river as it now stands, and insert " for
continuing the improvement in the navigation of
the Hudson river above and below Albany, in the
State of New York, $.75,000. -Agreed to.
By Mr. HERRICK: That §5,000 of the appro-
priation for the improvement of the navigation of
the Hudson river be applied to that portion of said
river lying between the State dam, or Sloop-lock,
and the foot of Grand Division street, in the city
of Troy. Rejected.
By Mr. SEVERANCE: To remove obstruc-
tions in the tidewaters of Kennebec river, so as to
render more accessible the United States arsenal
at Augusta, §15,000. Rejected.
By Mr. E. H. EWING: For the improvement
of the navigation of the Cumberland river, and
removing the obstacles therein, §75,000, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the War Depart-
ment §30,000: to be expended on that part of said
river above the town of Nashville, and §45,000 on
that part of said river below the town of Nash-
ville.
By Mr. BELL: That a portion of the appro-
priation (amount not heard) be expendod on that
part of the river below the mouth of the Laurel
river.
Accepted by Mr. EWING, and the whole re-
jected .
By Mr. SCHENCK: An appropriation of
§75,000 for the Cumberland road in Ohio; §150,000
in Indiana; and §150,000 in Illinois: by ayes 47,
j noes 91, rejected.
! It was now growing late, and there were yet
I many amendments to be offered.
! Mr. JACOB THOMPSON rose and said, that
j there was no necessity for the House to punish
i itself at this late hour by further progress on the
i bill, as it would be taken up to-morrow. He
' moved that the committee rise.
| The motion being agreed to, the committee rose.
1 And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
"Wednesday, March 18, 1846.
Mr. DIX presented the petition of Maurice,
Phelps, & Company, and Maurice, Gold, & Com-
pany, praying the repayment of certain duties ille-
gally exacted by the collector of the port of New-
York ; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. D. also presented the petition of citizens of
Genesee county, New York, praying the abroga-
tion of certain treaties made with the Seneca In-
dians; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. D. further "presented the memorial of citi-
zens of the town of Pitsford, Monroe county,
New York, praying the construction of fortifica-
tions ut the mouth of the Genesee river; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CASS presented the petition of Henry R.
Schoolcraft, prating to be allowed in the settle-
ment of his accounts a credit for certain disburse-
ments, and compensation for extra services ren-
dered while Indian agent, in Michigan; which was
referred to the. Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. ALLEN presented the memorial of the
representative of John Baptiste Viscount de Lo-
mngue, nil officer in the revolutionary army, pray-
ing'to be allowed commutation pay; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. DAYTON presented the memorial of the
New Jersey Historical Society, praying the pub-
lication by Congress of an increased number of
copies of the scientific works of the Exploring
Expedition; which was referred to the Committee
on the Library.
Mr. SEMPLE submitted the folio-wing resolu-
tion; which was agreed to ;
Resolved, That the Committee on Private Land
Claims be instructed to inquire into the rights of
the ancient French inhabitants of Peoria, in the
State of Illinois, to lands and lots at that place,
and if it shall be found that they had rights to
lands or lots which have not been confirmed, then
to inquire and report what action is necessary to
be taken to confirm those rights.
Mr. S. also submitted the following resolution;
which agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Militia be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of organ-
izing the militia of the United States on the follow-
ing basis, to wit:
1. Within each and every district containing
one thousand free white male citizens of the United
States over the age of twenty-one and under the
age of fifty years, there shall be raised, by volun-
tary enrolment or otherwise, one company of one
hundred militiamen, to be organized and disciplin-
ed as may be provided by law; and the whole, or
any part of them, may be called into the service
of the United States whenever Congress may or-
der it.
2. Whenever any part of the militia shall be
called into the service of the United States, they
shall be bound ato serve for five years, unless soon-
er discharged.
3. All non-commissioned officers and officers of
the line as high as the rank of captain, shall be
elected by the men composing each company from
among themselves.
4. All officers above the rank of captain shall be
appointed by the President of the United States,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate:
Provided, That no officer shall be appointed unless
he be taken from the officers or men composing
the militia; and all promotions shall be made from
the officers or from the ranks according to merit.
5. Officers to drill by regiments once a year, and
to receive pay for the time, not exceeding one
week.
6. Each company to drill once a year, or oftener,
if they think proper.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill to refund a fine imposed
upon Thomas Cooper, under the sedition law, ac-
companied by a report; which was ordered to bs
printed.
Mr. FAIRFIELD, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, submitted an adverse report upon the
petition of Elizabeth Sevier; which was ordered to
be printed.
BREVET AND STAFF RANK.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Military
