1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
528
department having charge of the expenditure of
the appropriation for the lower Ohio, the Missis-
sippi, the Missouri, and the Arkansas rivers, be
required to take such force as may be applied to
the removal of snags from the Mississippi river,
and to commence the work at its mouth, and com-
plete the same as he ascended the river. Rejected.
By Mr. CULVER: For facilitating the trans-
portation of passengers up that branch of Salt River
running through the State of New Hampshire,
$5,000, to be expended under the superintendence
of the Commissioner of Patents. Rejected.
By Mr. CHIPMAN: To strike out "the Arkan-
sas river"- from the item
for the improvement of the
souri, and Arkansas rivers. Rejected.
By Mr. YELL: At the end of the 109th line
insert, " Provided that §25,000 of said appropria-
tion be appropriated to the improvement of the
Washita, White, and Black rivers, in the State of
Arkansas* Rejected.
By Mr. BELL: For the improvement of the
Cumberland river above Nashville, to be expended
according to the report of Colonel Abert, under ihe
direction of the Secretary of War, $20,000. Re-
jected.
By Mr. SCHENCIC, (with a preamble which
■was withdrawn:) An appropriation for the con-
tinuation of the work on the Cumberland road,
$75,000 for Ohio, $140,000 for Indiana, and $140,000
for Illinois.
By Mr. W.'G. BROWN, (amendment to the
amendment:) For the erection of a bridge over the
eastern branch of the Ohio river, on the Cumber-
land road, at Wheeling, $50,000. Rejected.
By Mr. McCLEilNAJND, (proviso to the
amendment:) Provided, That it is inconsistent to
appropriate the public money to malco harbors and
remove obstructions to the navigation of the head
■waters of streams, whilst by the protective policy
the Government is interposing obstacles to the in-
gress and egress of commerce through our sea-
ports. Rejected.
By Mr. FRIES, (as an amendment to therimotid-
mciuof Mr. Schknck:) Amend the amendment by
adding $50,1)00 Cor the perfection of the Bebb and
Scbenck subterranean railroad, mi which to convey
their odoriferous friends iroiu Kentucky to Can-
ada. Rejected.
The point of order on this last-mentioned amend-
ment was raised by Mr. RAII1BUN.
Mr. SCHENCK rose to inquire ol' lus colleague,
[Mr. Fries,] whether he intended to insult linn by
offering this amendment.
Mr. FRIES. I will talk to you about that mat-
ter at any time out of the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. So far as I am concerned, 1 ,
ask the committee to take such action as it may
think proper in relation to tui amendment of" that
character.
Some confusion ens\ied. .
The reading of the amendment was called lor,
but the Chairman said ,that it was not in order to
read it, because the question upon it had been itc-
01 Mr BAKER appealed, but subsequently with-
drew the appeal, in order that the amendment might
be read.
But it was not read.
Some excitement and a good deal of conversa-
tion followed; after which the matter was dropped
f°The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Schenck, and decided, by ayes 3$,noes
not counted, in the negative.
tofore carried on by the Government for improving
the navigation of the Cape Fear river, North Ca-
rolina, over which the great southern mail is car-
ried, $20,000. Rejected.
By Mr. S. JONES:
•And be it further enacted, That the stock of Cen-
tral and Monroe railroads, and of the Geoigia rail-
road, in the State of Georgia, be purchased by the
United States; and that the said roads be kept in
good repair, and completed and carried on; and
that all passengers and articles of produce and
merchandise, and all other articles, be transported
free of expense, and that the cost of purchase, and
expense of completing and keeping in repair, and
transportation of passengers, produce, and mer-
chandise, be paid out of any money not otherwise
appropriated.
Ami be it further enacted, That the sum of $500,-
000 be apppropriated, to be expended under the
superintendence of a competent engineer, to be ap-
pointed by the Secretary of War, in making slack-
water navigation in the Chattahoochee river, from
Columbus to West Point on said river. Rejected.
By Mr. DANIEL P. KING: For making a re-
survey of the harbors at Lane's cove, Sandy bay,
Mavbleliead, and Lynn, $1,000. Rejected.
By Mr. BIGGS: For the reopening of Roan-
oke Inlet, and improving the harbor at or near
Nag's Head, North Carolina, $100,000. Rejected.
By Mr. LEONARD H. SIMS: The amend-
ment (heretofore published) in relation to the
Osage river.
By Mr. PHELPS: (As an amendment thereto.)
Strike out " $25,000," and insert $100,000; and
add, and for the improvement of the navigation of
White liver, in the State of Missouri, the sum of
$S>0,000.
Mr. SIMS accepted the amendment to the
amendment, and, thus amended, the amendment
was iojected.
By Mr, HENLEY: For the construction of a
canal around the falls of the Ohio river, on the In-
diana shore, $500,000. Rejected. For the erec-
tion of a dam and locks for the removal of the ob-
struction to the navigation of the Ohio liver, at the
falls thereof, <;.'i(M),0U0. Rejected.
By Mr. STROIIM: Provided, That no portion
of the appropriations hereinbefore made shall be
paid during the ensuing year, in case the tariff of
1842 shall be modified, altered, or repealed, during
the present session of Congress. Rejected.
By Mr. BROCKENBROUGH: Provided, That
| no money shall be drawn from the treasury by this
J act to make the improvements directed in any State
1 which received any money on deposite from the
i Government of the United States, under the act ap-
| proved June 23d, 1836, entitled "An act to regu-
I late deposites of the public money," until the Sec-
! retary of the Treasury shall have first called upon
j such State for the necessary amounts, in the man-
1 ner provided m said act, and shall have received
j and expended the same, so far as they will extend,
| towards meeting the appropriations in this act pro-
vided. Rejected.
By Mr. G. W. JONES: The substitute, pub-
lished in yesterday's proceedings, for the bill.
Rejected.
By Mr, BELL: The substitute, heretofore pub-
lished. Rejected.
And then, on motion of Mr. TIBBATTS, the
committee rose and reported the bill and amend-
ments to the House.
And the question being on concurring in the
amendments, and on ordering the bill to be en-
grossed for a third reading,
Mr. WENTWORTH demanded the previous
Provided twenty-five thousand dollars of which
shall be applied to the removal of snags, logs, and
impending trees between the mouth of Red nvei
and the raft, to commence at the mouth of the river
aSBrMn£HbEWn?G:ted'
gjc  . And be it further enacted, That the stone
heretofore used and employed by the Government
of the United States in building a wing-dam at the
Harpeth shoals in the Cumberland river, m le
State of Tennessee, be, and the same is hereby,
given to a company, chartered by the State of f en_
nessee at the last session of its Legislature, for the
rnosc of damming and locking said Cumberland
river from the towS of Nashville to the Tennessee
hie" to be used by said company m damming and
10 By^rMcKAY: FoTcompleting the work here-
question.
Mr. SCHENCK asked Mr. W. to withdraw it,
to enable him (Mr. S.) to make a personal expla-
nation.
Mr. WENTWORTH expressed his willingness
to do so for that purpose only.
A brief conversation followed. The demand
for the previous question was seconded. And the
main question was ordered to be now taken;
(which main question was as stated above.)
The House then gave leave to
Mr. SCHENCK to make a personal explana-
tJ°Mr. S. said: While the House was in Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, I pro-
posed an amendment in relation to an appropria-
tion for the Cumberland road—a work in which a
portion of my constituents feel a deep interest, as
well as many persons m the West beyond us.
While that amendment was pending, a colleague
of mine [Mr. Fries] offered an amendment to the
amendment. The vote was taken upon that amend-
ment to the amendment, which I did not hear dig.
tinctly. and it was in some way disposed of by the
committee, (I did not know, nor have I ascertain-
ed yet, precisely how; for about this there seemed
to be some discrepancy of opinion;,) and it was not
until after the action of the committee that I learn-
ed from some gentlemen around me—and I learned
it with much surprise—that my name was ™en"
tioned in the amendment to the amendment.
I have but a very few words to say m regard to
what then occurred, and to the amendment itselt.
I have not yet seen it. I am told that it proposes
a subterranean railway for carrying the blacks
from Kentucky to Canada, and designates them as
the " odoriferous friends" of Mr. Bebb and my-
self. It may "be proper for me to state to the
House that Mr. Bebb, who is referred to, is the
present Whig candidate for governor in Ohio. ^
Of him I have nothing to say; lie probably will be
sufficiently taken care of by the people of Ohio.
Why my name was mentioned I am at a loss to
know; and especially coming from my colleague in
the way of this amendment which he has present-
ed. With that gentleman I had no personal ac-
quaintance until 1 came here. Since that time I
have made his acquaintance-—I believe, on my so-
licitation of a colleague to give me an introduction;
and between us there has passed nothing but the
ordinary courtesies of life, and such treatment as
there should be from one gentleman to another.
The House will thus sec that the assault was en-
tirely unprovoked and gratuitous. When I learned
that my name was connected in this offensive way,
I could not at the moment determine what he could
possibly mean by it. I accordingly rose and in-
quired of my colleague whether he meant to insult
me by using my name in connexion with the ne-
groes which it asserts are to be taken from Ken-
tucky to the North. (I could not yet bring my
mind, to believe that it might not have been intend-
ed as a mere jeu d'e.sjirit, though I thought it, if
designed as a joke, a very untimely one ) The
only reply I could obtain from my colleague was,
that he would not tell me whether it was intended
as an insult or not; and if I wanted to know I could
learn it elsewhere. I am not to be drawn from my
purpose, or placed in a false position by this prop-
osition. I choose to speak of the matter in the
same public way in which ithas been presented to
the consideration of the House; and as my col-
league will not say what his motives were, nor de-
fine the character of his amendment, I undertake
to say that it is an amendment such as no man
having regard to the obligations of a gentleman, or
the qualities which constitute a gentleman, should
offer in this House.
Mr. HENLEY here rose to a point of order, and
some interruptions took place upon questions of
order by that gentleman and Mr. G. S. HOUS-
TON.
Mr. HENLEY persisted in his point, that it
was unparliamentary for one gentleman upon this
floor to use the language towards another which
had been used by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] to his colleague.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was not aware
what the termination of the sentence would be;
and, therefore, he could not call the gentleman
from Ohio to order until it was uttered. The opin-
ion of the Chair is, that the gentleman's language
is not pertinent to a personal explanation, nor par-
liamentary.
Mr. SCHENCK resumed. He had already
said all he desired on this subject. He wished to
add but a word in reference to the abolitionist par-
ty, as tliey are termed, or whoever was concerned
(if there were any such) in carrying slaves from
the slave States to the North, and to declare that
he neither had affiliation with them, connexion
with them, nor knowledge of them, nor respect
for them; that, so far from having had anything to
do with a party of that kind, when a candidate
before the people for their suffrages, the severest
and harshest opposition he had met with from any
quarter was from some of the friends and support-
ers of the abolitionist candidate in his district, who
had received at the last election some 600 votes in
opposition to him.
Mr. THURMAN asked to be indulged in a few
marks.
