1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
527
not to make a stand on some point beyond which
we will' not go. He here took a view of the com-
parative claims of Great Britain and the United
States, and concluded that our title was superior to
that of our adversary in the dispute. The offers
made by Great Britain he regarded as embracing
too large a portion of the most valuable of the ter-
ritory. In order to preserve the peace of the coun-
try, he was willing to stand where we have stood,
and to divide the country on the parallel of 49°;
and he did not believe that Great Britain would be
able to satisfy the world, if she were to go to war
rather than conclude on that point. We ought to
stand on a concession of one-half of the territory,
and take all the consequences.
Hitherto we had been assisted in our difficulties
by other nations. But we have now become one
of the great Powers—not only a great Power, but
an ambitious one. In the acquisition of territory,
we have heretofore gone with the natural course of
things. He would reject the idea that we should
now give a color to the suspicion that we sought to
increase our territory by conflict. When a por-
tion of territory comes into market, and falls in
our way, we are wise to take it. Last year we ac-
quired territory enough for five or six States.
Now, if we don't get quite the whole of Oregon,
but only enough to cut up into two or three States,
we shall have done pretty well for two years, and
need not be in a hurry to get California. Texas
was got in by a sort of Ctesarean operation; and as
we are such a great, and free, and happy, and
prosperous people, everybody will want to be an-
nexed to us; and in time California, and Mexico,
and all the rest of the American continent, will
come in.
Whatever we now do, the manner is quite as
important as any other consideration. He wanted
the subject settled, and in a reasonable and right
mode. The action of Congress was very import-
ant. The resolution which had been passed by
the House, by a strong vote, had been brought
here; and he hoped that, yielding any individual
views and opinions, we should present a strong
and united vote in the Senate.
Whether we did so or not, he did not believe
the two countries were about to be involved in a
war. >But, in conclusion, he would say to the
American Senate, that we have occasion for faith
in our Government—faith in the justice of our
laws—faith in the intelligence and patriotism of
the people—faitli in their sense ofjustico and iheir
love of peace; and, more than all, we have occa-
sion for faith in that just and overruling Provi-
dence, with whom " the race is not to the swift,
nor the battle to the strong;" and with this abiding
faith in the rectitude of our course, may we all
manfully perform our duty, leaving the destinies
of our country in the hands of that Wise Being
who regulates and determines the late of empires
as well as individuals.
On motion of Mr. CHALMERS,
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
Executive business; and, after a short time the
doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 19,184(5.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
^The SPEAKER announced the unfinished busi-
ness to be the river and harbor bill.
Mr. JAMES THOMPSON asked leave to pre-
sent a memorial; and
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON asked leave to make
some reports.
The SPEAKER stated that the previous ques-
tion having been seconded, and the main question
ordered, on the bill above designated, it would not
be in order to entertain any other proposition.
RIVERS AND HARBORS.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill making appropriations for the improvement of
certain harbors and rivers, the pending question
still being on concurring in the amendments re-
ported from the Committee of the Whole on the
State of the Union , and on ordering the bill to be
engrossed for a third reading.
THE HUDSON RIVER.
The tat question was on concurring m the fal-
lowing amendment:
Strike from the bill the following words:
y " For keeping in repair and extending the pub-
lic works, and removing the obstructions in the
Hudson river between tne cities of Troy and Al-
bany, and below the latter place, to render more
accessible the United States arsenal and depot sit-
uated between said cities, $75,000."
And insert:
' For continuing the improvement in the naviga-
tion of the Hudson river, above and below Albany,
in the State of New York, $75,000.'
Mr. G. W. JONES asked the yeas and nays;
which were refused;
And the amendment was concurred in.
THE MOUTH OF THE MISSOURI.
The next amendment was:
Add to the following item: "For the improve-
ment of the Ohio river below the falls at Louisville,
and of the Mississippi, Missouri, and Arkansas
rivers, $240,000," the following words:
" $50,000 thereof to be expended in the improve-
ment of the Mississippi, above the mouth of the
Missouri."
Mr. BOYD asked the yeas and nays; which were
ordered.
Mr. BRINKEItHOFF asked thatjhe House
might be brought to order, and that the amend-
ment might he again read.
The SPEAKER said the House was engaged in
an important business; and that if gentlemen wish-
ed to understand what was going on, they must
take their seats and come to order.
The amendment was again read.
And the question, " Shall thisamendment.becon-
curred in ?" was tuken, and decided in the negative,
as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Arnold, Ashnuin, Bowlin, Cat heart, Cul-
ver, Cunningham, Darragh, Jefter.-on J)avin, Dillingham,
Douphuw, Dunlap, Faran, Foot, Giles, Gunnel!, Hamlin,
Hampton, Harper, Henley, Isaae E. Holmes, Hough, James
It. Hunt, Charles J. IngeifiolJ, I). 1\ Kins.', La Sere, Lewis,
McClean, McClelland, McClernand, Joseph J. McDowell,
McGaughey, John P. Martin, Morris, Moholey. Owen, Per-
dH, Perry, Politick, Price, Ramsey, Rathbun, Rett', Ritter,
Roberts, Hawtelle, Sawyer, Scammon, Leonard 11. Sims,
Truman Smith, Robeit Smith, Starkweather, Stewait, St.
John, Jame* Thompson, Tibbatts, YVentwoith, Wheuton,
Williams, Wmthrop, VVoodwoah, and Wright-—61.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Anderson, Atkinson, Bariinger,
Bayly, Bedinger, Hell, Beaton, Biggs, James Black, James
A. Black, Boyd, Rrinkerho/I', Rrockcnhrou h, Milton Bi own,
William G. Brown, Bmlington, Carroll, John CJ. Chapman,
Reuben Chapman, Chase, Clarke, Cobb, Cocke, Collin,
Cranston, Cro/.ier, Cuiloni, Cummins, Daniel, Garrett Davix,
Delano, Do Molt, Dixon, Dobbin, Dockery, EH&worth,
Erdman,Johu H. Ewing, Edwin II. Ewing, Foster, Fries,
Garvin, Ueutry, Giddings, Goodyear, Gordon, Graham, ftu-
der, (.rover, liarabon, Herrick, Milliard, Elias B. Holmes,
Hopkins, George 3. Houston, Edmund W. Hubard, Samuel
1). Hubbard, llungerlbrcl, Washington Hunt, Hunter, Joseph
U. Ingersoll, James U. Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George
W, Jones, Seaborn Jones, Preston King, Lawrence, Leake,
Leib, Levin, Ligon, Maclay, MeConnell, James McDowell,
Mellvaine, McKay, Marsh, Barkley Martin, Moise, Moul-
ton, Niven, Parnsh, Payne, Pendleton, Phelps, Rcid, John
A. Rockwell, Russell, Schenck, Seaman, Seddon, Sever-
ance, Simpson, Albert Smith, Thomas Smith, C. B. Smith,
Stanton. Strohm, Strong, Thomasson, Benjamin Thompson,
Jacob Thompson, Tilden, Tredway, Trumbo, Vinton,
Wick, Wilmot, Woodward, Yancey, Yell, Young, and
Yost—114.
So the amendment was not concurred in.
All the amendments having now been disposed
of—
The SPEAKER said the question would be on
the engrossment of the bill. It would be read by
items, and gentlemen would name such of them as
they wished to take separate questions upon.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
LITTLE SODUS BAY.
Mr. BOYD demanded a separate question on the
following item :
" For the improvement of Little Sodus bay, on
Lake Ontario, hve thousand dollars."
And one-lifth of the members present having sec-
onded the demand, the division was ordered,
Mr. BOYD asked the yeas and nays; which (af-
ter a brief conversation) were also ordered.
And the question, "Shall this item be engross-
ed?" was taken, and resulted as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John &. Adams, Anderson, Ar-
nold, A^lmiun, Benton, Bowhn, BnnkerhofT, Buffington,
Wm. VV. Campbell, John IL Campbell, Carroll, Catheart,
John G. Chapman, Chipman, Constable, Cranston, Culver,
Cunningham, Darragh, Garrett Davis, Delano, De Mott,
Dixon, Douglass, Dunlap, Ellsworth, John H. Ewing,Faran,
Foot, Foster, Fries. Giddings,Giles, Goodyear, Grider, Grin-
noil Grover, Hampton, Harper, Henley, Herrick, Eiias B.
Holmes, Housh, John W. Houston, Samuel D. Hubbard,
Hungetfoui, James B. Hunt, Charles J. Inaersoll, Joseph R.
In«ersoll, Jenkins, Daniel P. King, Preston King, Law-
rence Leib, Lewis, Levin, McClelland, Jos. J, McDowell,
Mcllvaine, Marsh, -Miller, Morris, MoseJey, Niven, Parnsh,
Perrili Perry, Phelps, Pollock, Ramsey, Rathbun, Relfe,
Julius Rockwell, Russell, Sawyer, Schenck, Seaman, Sev-
erance Truman Smith, Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith,
Robert Smith, Stanton, Starkweather, Stewart, St. John.
Strohm, Strong, Sykes, Thomasson, Benjamin Thompson,
James Thompson, Tibbatts, Vinton, Wentworth, Wheaton,
White, Wick, Wmthrop, Woodworth, and Wright—10-2.
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Atkinson, Bamnger,
Baviv, Bedinger, Bell, Biggs, James Black, James .A.. Black*
Boyd, Brockenbrough, Milton Brown, William. G. Brown,
Burt, Reuben Chapman, Chase, Clarke, Cobb, Cooke, Col-
lin, Croziei, CuJlom, Cummins, Daniel, Dargan,Jelicrson
Davis, Dillingham, Dobbin, Dockery, .Erdman, Edwin H.
Ewing, Ficklin, Garvin, Gentry, Gordon, Graham, Haralson,
Harmanson, Hilhard, Hopkins, Geo. S. Houston, Edmund
W. Hubard, Hunter, James H. Johnson, Andrew Johnson,
George W. Jones, Seaborn Jones, Leake, La Sere, Ligon,
Lumpkin, Maclay, McClean, McClernand, MeConnell,
James McDowell, McKav, John P- Martin, Barkley Martin,
Mnulton, Owen, Payne, Price, Reid, Ritter, Roberts, Saw-
telle, Scammon, Seddon, Leonard H. Suns, Simpson,Tlios.
Smith, Jacob Thompson, Thuriuan, Tredway, Trumbo,
Williams, Wilmot, Woodward, Yancey, Yell, Young, and
Yost—83.
So the item was ordered to be engrossed.
OAK ORCHARD HARBOR.
Mr. BOYD demanded a separate question on the
following item:
" For the improvement of the Oak Orchard har-
bor, State of New York, $7,000."
And one-fifth of the members present having
seconded the demand, the division was ordered.
Mr. BOYD asked the yeas and nays; which were
also ordered.
And the question, "Shall this item be engrossed?"
was taken, and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John Q.. Adams, Arnold, Ash-
mun, Brinkerhoir, Butlington, Wm. W. Campbell, Carroll,
Catheart, John (J. Chapman, Chipman, Constable, Cranston,
Culvei, Cunningham, Darragh, G. Davis, Delano, DeMott,
Imon, Douglas, Dunlap, EINworth, John II. Ewing, Foot,
I Foster, Fiie*, Giddings, Giles, Goodyear, Grider, GrinneJl,
j Hampton, Harper, Henley, Herrick, 13. B. Holmes, Hough,
! .1. W. Houston, Samuel 1)". Ilubhaul, Washington Hunt, Jas.
j B. Hunt, Charles J. lngersoll, Joseph R Ingeraoll, Jenkins,
Daniel P. King, Pres-ton King, Leib, Lewi*, McClelland,
J. J. McDowell, McGaughey, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Miller,
MohClev, Niven, Fairish, Pendleton, Perry, Pollock, Ram-
j scy, Rathbun, Relfe, Jfihus Rockwell, John A. Rockwell,
Russell, Schenck, Seaman, Severance, Truinan Smith, Al-
beit Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stanton, Starkweather, Stewart,
Sttohm, Strong, .Sykes, Thomasson, Benjamin Thompson,
.1.imes Thompson, Tbunnan, Tibbatts, Tilden, Trumbo,
\i iton, Wentworth, White, Wick, Winthiop, Woodv/oitb,
Wnght, and Young—9,2.
NAYS—Me&i-rs. Stephen Adams, Atkinson, Bamnger,
Bayly, Bedmger, Bell, Benton, Biggs, J. Black, J. A. Black,
Boyd, Brockenbrough, William G. Brown, Burt, Reuben
Chapman, Cha«e, Clarke, Cobb, Cooke, Collin, Crozier,
Cullom, Cummin*. Daniel, Dargan, J.Davis, Dillingham,
Dobbin, Dockery, Erdman, E. n. Ewing, Faran, Ftckhn,
Garvin, Gentry, Goidon, Graham, Grover, Haralson, Har-
manson, Hilhard, Hopkins, George S. Houston, E. W. Hub-
ard, Hunter, James H. Johnson, Joseph Johnson, Andrew
Johnson, George W. Jones, Seaborn Jones, Leake, La
Sere, Ligon, Lumpkin, McClean, McClernand, MeConnell,
James McDowell, McKay, John P. Martin, Barkley Mar-
tin, Morns, Morse, Moulton, Owen, Payne, PerriU, Price,
Reid, Rhett, Ritter, Sawtelle, Sawyer, Scammon, Seddon,
L. H. Sims, Simpson, Thomas Smith, Jacob Thompson,
Tredway, Williams, Wilmot, Woodward, Yancey, Yell,
and Yost—86.
So the item was ordered to be engrossed.
ST. CLAIR FLATS.
Mr. BOYD demanded a separate question on the
following item; which was ordered:
" For the improvement of the St. Clair Flats, so
called, so as to prevent their obstructing the pas-
sage of vessels from Bulfalo to the ports on Lake
Michigan, $40,000."
Mr. BOYD asked the yeas and nays; which were
ordered; and being taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John Q,. Adams, Arnold, Ash-
man, Baker, Bowlin, Bnnkerhoff, Wm- W. Campbell, John
H. Campbell, Carroll, Catheart, Chipman, Collin, Con-
stable, Cranston, Culver, Cummins, Cunningham, Dar-
ra«h, Garrett Davis, Jefferson Davis, Delano, De Mott,
Dixon, Douglass, Dunlap, Ellsworth, John H. Ewing,
Fickhn, Foot, Foster, Garvin, Giddings, Giles, Goodyear,
Gordon, Grider, Gnnnell, Hamlin, Hampton, Harmanison,
Harper, Henley, Herrick, Ehas B. Holmes, Hough, John
W. Houston, Samuel D. Hubbard, Hungerford, Washington
Hunt, J. B. Hunt, Charle3 J. Ingersoll, Joseph R. Ingersoll,
Jenkins, Daniel P. King, Preston King, Leib, La Sere, Lew-
is, Levin, McClelland, J. J. McDowell, McGaughey, Mcll-
vame.Marsh, Miller, Morris,Moseley, Niven, Owen,Parrish,
Pendleton, Perrili, Perry, Pollock, Price, Ramsey, Rathbun,
Relfe, Roberts, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Russell,
Sawteile, Sawyer, Scammon, Schenck, Seaman, Sever-
ance, Leonard H. Sitos, Truman Smith, Caleb B. Smith,
Robert Smith, Stanton, Starkweather, Stewart, St. John,
Strohm,!Strong, Sykes, Thomasson, Benjamin Thompson,
James Thompson, Thunnan, Tibbatts, Tilden, Trumbo,
"Vinton, Wentworth, White, Williams, Wmthrop, Wood,
Woodworth, Wright, Yell, and Young—119.
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Atkinson, Bamnger,
Bayly, Bedmger, Bell, Benton, Biggs, Jamca A. Black,
Boyd, Biockenbiougb. Milton Brown, William G. Brown
Buffington, Burt, Reuben Chapman, Chase, Clarke, Cobb'
