532
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
The report then proceeds to say, at page 25:
An equation, or rather a concontiation, of the point* of
centrahty which have been dul> eousuteiod and determined
amon<j the premises exhibited m this paper, may !>e dnwu
therefiom in the following manner: The point accessible to
steamboat navigation, and nearest to the i*eo raphieal cen-
tre, id situated on Tenne^oe liver, iSnrtv mvlea above its
confluence with the Oluoyor ^cvonty-eiglit miles above the
mouth of the lattei. The hvdrosnaphical or commercial cen-
tre, not only fiom the representations made m this paper,
but ft oin a glance at the h> Urography of the western coun-
try. n obnoiwJy sit rhe mouth of the Oluo river. Hence, if
we take one-half of the navi aMe distance between these
two point-!, (viz: thirty-nine miles,) wo shall have for the
tii;-\i:ired point, or point concontiation between the geo-
graphical and ludrographieal centres, a position on the
Ohio, Unity-nine nnlos above its month, or one mile above
Foxt M^sac, winch is one of the positions examined by the
board as a site foi tho contemplated armory, and is rojrauied
a* more favorable on all accounts for such an establishment
than any other that has b-sen examined by the board on the
we.-icin waters. Accordingly,,we do not hesitate to de<5>{i
nate and select tlu> position :i& the most suitable -ite foi
the western armoty.
A p-'Hi-.il of oui descriptive memoirs in reference tosites
at M.i?>ac, Caledonia, Cano, l'adueah, and ^mithland. to
whii-h we bey leave to refer for information with resprct to
then condition iuid iclative advantages, will show satisiae-
rorily that the site at Fort Massac, in point ot local situation,
coiivenumce, and healtlifulness, preferable not oj.lv to
the other sites ju-t mentioned, hut to any otiier position* in
the neighborhood of eithei.
H UMMARY KSTTMATI}.
We here subjoin a summaiy estimate <-\-hi!>itui<,' the prob-
able cost of establishing an auuoiv at Foit Massac. \Yillt
the exception of such details as i elate to the co-;t of steam
en<iitit\-, the itrm* arc derived aUo<*ethcj fiom tho estimate
of the commissioners ot 1^*23, which are pn-dieated on data
more variegated, :satis(actoiy, and authentic, than we are
able to furnish in relation to the same items.
Pic^utmng, however, that the-evciai items contained in
the estimate mav now be procured at a cost considerably
les-s than at the nine when that estimate was made, we shall
omit in n\cry instance t;io allowance of 10 per cent., as
made In the eommi-Mont'is on account of contingencies
Oui estinsat'! briefly as follows:
Four fetojim cii«ine&, of 18 to '20-horse power
each, wiib two sets of boilers and iunuices,
iuelu.^ive of fly-wheel*., engine frames foun-
dntio'iS kc., at ^'2,50U for each engine and
iN ti.\turo« jftlO.OOO 00
Add, on neeount of superintendence and eon-
tin^ewies, 10 per cent, on the abo\e - - 1,000 00
Sixtv-one buildings, including -tote-houses.
officer, quarters !'<>r otiicer^, and mechanics,
and workshops adapted to the reception of
machinery, average co.-a, as estimated by the
commis^ionerd of l&2:\ for eight different
'sites, - -- -- -- - ISBjQSO 75
Tools, patterns, lathes, nnd other machinery of
various kind* required in the i.ibncntion of
aim-', as estimated bv the eonnm^sioners of
-  11,522 00
Miscellaneous articles. including wagons,
1h>im>j harness, \% hccl-banow-. and a air.it
variet;, ot uten-iis and nepleini'iiN. required
in an aunory, n- '^UDi.ticd by sua coinmis-
MOiieis, - i,M9 00
Puiehase of 1,000 acre-- of land, including old
Fort Ma^ac, as a site foi the aimorv, tho
whole at a puce not exceeding -10 per acie, 10.000 00
Amounting to
i?K>.;r>i ■
Hence the estimated coat of establishing an armory at the
site of Fort Ma-^.u: i<= on  hundred and niuety-jhree thou-
sand three bundled and fnty-one dollars and seventy-live
cents, which is believed to be sufficient foj all the putposcr
theiem contemplated.
The foregoing estimate is predicated on the pupposition
that the contemplated armorv is to be established on a scale
adapted to the fabrication of 19,000 stands of arms annually.
SITE AT FORT MASSAC, ILLINOIS.
Massac, or Massacre, (so called tVom a slaughter by the
Tndian« soon after the occupancy ot this part of the eountrj
by the French,) i<s situated on a beautiful plain on the north-
ern side of the Ohio river, 38 miles from its mouth ; 10 miles
below Padueah, at the mouth of the Tennessee nvei; 22
miler- below fc?mithland, at tho month of Cumberland river;
(57 miles below the coal fields, in the neiphhot hood of Ca-
seyville; 293 miles below Louif vdle; H70nnlcs below Whee-
ling; and 9o0 miles below Pm-bu«(. It includes the site
formerly occupied by a foi t of the «am« name, and com-
mands an extensive view of the liver, both above and be-
low. The fort stood upon the highest part of the plain, ele-
vated about 20 feet above the reach of the highest fieshets.
From this position, which is near the margin of the river,
the Htrface of the plain declines veiy gradually, both above
and below, and especially in the reai— its dip m tluse di-
rections being so slight that it is hardly perccptiblc. Willi
the exception of a few small valleys and several nariovv ra-
vines, that serve as drains and passways between the plain
and the uver. no part of the tract has an elevation less than
10 feet ribove the rang'1 of the highest freshet, or 50 feet above
extreme low water.
The river in this vicinity has a width varying from five-
eighths to three-quarters of a mile, and presents favorable
landings along the Illinois shore, from Massac to the head
of the Grand Cham, 10 miles below.
The plain of Massac extends northwaidly and northwest-
wardly moie than a mile and a half, and presents a surface
remarkably uniform, here and there interrupted by ravines
°L1?ns °* mo(*erfJte depth, which serve as drains to convey
oft the water that falls upon its surface.
-The land may be regarded as second-rate only, and is
mostly unimproved, sustaining an open growth of white
and red oak, post oak, poplar, elm, maple, white walnut,
&c. AVhen cleared and cultivated, it yields tolerable crops
of corn, wheat, potatoes, and other esculent plants and ve-
getables.
1st. A tract, including the site of old Fort Massac, bound-
ed ou the west by the town of Massac, on the north by a
line running due east half a mile from a line from the north-
east corner of said town, on the east by a line running due
south from the termination of the northern boundary just
mentioned, and on the south by a line pursuing the margin
of the river downward to the southeast angle of said town.
This tract or parcel contains 147 acres.
2d. A tract situated on the north side of the tract just
mentioned, ami of tho town site ofMdssac, its width from
south to north being halfa mile, and its length from east to
we=t being such that the tract will contain 453 acres—the
southerly boundary of this tract In nig coincident with the
northern boundaiy of the town site, and also with that of
the tract first deseiibed.
3d. A tract of uniform width, containing 13 acres, may bo
added to the parcel lirst described, in contact with the
eastern boundary of the same.
•1th. A tiact oY 27 acres may be added to the second tioct
de-eribed, m such manner as may be required for the pur-
pose of s ivin«the most convenient foim to the several par-
cels when combined; it being understood that no encroach-
ments are to be nrule upon the town site tor the purpose of
making up the entire tract.
The aggregate of the several tract* above designated will
amount to f, 10 acres, or one section of land, which, we
«ue anihoii/.fd by Colonel TL'iynrs, who is agent for the
proprietors above-named, to state, may he purchased at a
rate not eveeeding .^10 per acre for the several tracts above
described; all of which may wnh propriety be comprehend-
ed m the c--ite.
Th" po-it mn o''Muvsne.and the aspect and character of the
sunoiui<hn<: eomifty, seem to indicate as complete exemp-
tion fiom the causes of disuse a*, those of,my other position
on the Ohio nvei. from Wheeling to its mouth.
InevhaustiMo supplies, both of stone and cannel coal, of
a good oualny, may he obtained fioin the coal holds near
Caseyville. r>5 miles above the site; and bituminous coal,
of equal value, ma\ he obtained from Muddy liver, on the
Mississippi, by writer conveyance, through a distance of 190
miles. Appealnnce* imlifv the conclusion that the south-
ern martmi of the great Illinois coal field passes north-
wnidly on this point at a distance not greater than 20 or 25
miles'
^antMon<\ adapted to the puiposo of building, may be ob-
tained f'Oin tin- mei hilK on the Kentucky side, a foW miles
above M,i-'-ac. Limestone abound* wifhni a dn-tance of 20
oi wiles, ;md copious supplies of building-stone ofasu-
pei:'>i <ptaht\ mav be deuved fiom Tennessee liver, at wu-
meiou- psiiup m\ miles and upward from its mouth. I nck
cln> of a good quulity may be had in abundance at and near
tliCMtC,
The iron fields of the Cumberland and Tennessee rivers
lie at a distance of 2.) to 30 miles to the southeast, from
winch abundant; upplies ot castings, pig metal, bar, boiler,
hoep, --licet, nail iion, and nail-,, mav icadily be obtained.
The fore-rs i;> the neighborhood of the site abound in tim-
bei of the follow nig ku letws, vi/, ■ post, red, bun. and white
oak, hnkoi\. \<dow pcplai, yum. white ash. maple, wild
ehem, \ < Mow huel}, bhtek walnut, elm, cvprosu, cotton
wood. K\eamoro, ^c.. and lumber of all kinds may be pro-
enied m abundance i.y w.ifer tiansportation from ihe Oluo,
T< nness' c, and Cumberland rivers.
ProuMiui'. of ail kinds can be furnished at Massac in as
great piofu.-ion, and on as favoiahle terms, as at any other
pomt on the western wateis. The rater, at which the prin-
cipal ai tides of ciibMsfence and various other commodities
can he supplied site cKhibiled in the appendix.
Masque is ;icc('s-i!>lc at all vensons of the year, and in all
stage.-, of tho aver, to s'tcamboat navigation—the doptli
aeioss the bars at the (Jrnnd Chain, in extieme low water,
being at least three fret, which is the minimum depth, not
only fiom the mouth of the Ohio to tln.s place, but to Pa-
dueah, ten miles above, and therieo. up the Tennessee to
the Chain, fomtcen miles iurthei, where abundant supplies
of building stone may be obtained for purposes of constitu-
tion.
Mr. B. Raid, in one, article to which reference
was made in the report, that of coal, and so indis-
pensable an article for the operations of an armo-
ry, that the location was peculiarly favored in thnt
particular, the immense coal fields of Illinois ex-
tending from near the site proposed, to Rock river,
and covering thirty thousand square miles greater
in extent than any three of the adjacent States;
whilst m supplies of every other material it was
unsurpassed. Mr. R. said these commissioners
were governed alone, in their report, by the nat-
ural advantage'? this point presented; there being;
no town there, and no persons of influence to worp
their judgment. That circumstance alone, Mr.
B. Raid, weighed very much in favor of the pro-
priety of the selection, and will have its proper
weight with Congress. The whole report, Mr.
£. said, abounded with much valuable information,
and must induce all unprejudiced minds, on read-
ing it, to concur in the opinion the Board express.
Mr. B., in conclusion, said he hoped this subject
would be considered by the committee to which he
would move that it be referred, and that they
would report favorably upon it. He then moved
that it be referred to the Committee on Military
A flairs; which was ordered.
Mr. SPEIGHT presented the memorial of the
Legislature of the State of Mississippi, praying
that certain settlers on the public lands in that State
maybe confirmed in their pre-emption rights; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE presented the memorial of-•
citizens of Milwaukee, in the Territory of Wiscon-
sin, praying the establishment of a mail-route from
Detroit, in the State of Michigan, to Milwaukee;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented the petition ofMi-
chael Bourden,a revolutionary soldier, praying a
pension; which was referred to the Committee-on
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. BACrBY submitted an additional document
in support of the claim of Hugh Wallace Worm ley;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval Af*-
fair,s. *
Mr. BENTON presented a memorial of citizen®
of St. Louis, Missouri, praying an appropriation
for improving the navigation of the western rivers,
for deepening the harbor of that city, and for the
purchase of1"the Louisville and Portland canal;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. DIX presented three petitions of citizens of
New York, remonstrating against the renewal of a
patent heretofore granted to Jethro Wood, for an
improvement in the plough; which were laid on the
table.
Mr. WESTCOTT presented the memorial of
Daniel Simmons, praying indemnity for thedestrue-
tion of his property by the Seminole Indians in the
Florida war; which was referred to the Committee
of Claims.
Mr. W. also presented the petition of the heirs
of Jonathan Johnson, deceased, an officer in the
revolutionary army, praying to be allowed commu-
tation-pay; which was referred to, the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
[A message was received from tlie House of
Representatives, announcing that the said House
had passed a bill entitled " An act making appro-
priations for the improvement of certain harbors
and rivers;" which was read a first and second
time, and, on motion of Mr. DIX, referred to the
Committee on Commerce.}
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. WEBSTER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to the Senate, if not
incompatible with the public interest, any corre-
spondence which took place between the Govern-
ment of the United States and that of Great Britain
on the subject of the northeastern boundary; be-
tween the 20th of June, 1840, and the 4th of March..
1841. r
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, submitted the
following resolution; which was agreed to :
Resolved, That the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury of the 19th instant, made in obedience to
a resolution of tho Senate instructing the Secretary
to report the condition of the new building intend-
ed for a marine hospital in the city of New Or-
leans, &c., be. referred, together with the docu-
ments accompanying it, to the Committee on Com-
merce; and that the said committee be instructed to
inquire into the expediency of making an appro-
priation to complete the said building.
Mr. NILES submitted the following resolution;
which lies over : , ■ .
Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms be author-
ized to continue J. G. Achott as an assistant mes-
senger of the Senate, and that the usued pay be al-
lowed for his services as such from the 1st of
December last to the end of the session.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. JARNAG1N, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, submitted an adverse report
upon the petition of the heirs at law of Erastus
Brown; winch was ordered to be printed.
Mr. J. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill for tne relief of William Marvin, accompa-
 'edby a report; which was ordered to be printed.
^ Mi. PHELPS, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, submitted adverse reports upon the
petitions of Simeon- Hubbard, William Starke
vres'tj ana Leebc Wadhams; which were severally
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, from the Committee on
i ^ubllc -Larids  reported a bill to surrender to the
| fetate of Tennessee all title that the United States
have-to lands in Tennessee, south arid west of tins
