1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
537
We had now 7,000 men in our.army, and what
was the estimate of the cost? He believed it was
$5,000,000. If so, it would be easy to calculate
the cost of the two regiments now proposed—as
seven thousand men were to five millions of dol-
lars, so would fourteen hundred men be to the cost
of the two regiments • and it would be more than
two hundred thousand dollars, which was the
amount estimated. Not a single case had occurred
in which the estimate for a regiment had not fallen
short of the cost. He believed that it would be
safe to put the expense at |300,000. He would
give his reasons why lie was opposed to any in-
crease of the army. He did not consider it at all
necessary.
It was said that we had two thousand miles of
additional frontier to defend. Was not the fron-
tier the only place where troops were wanted ?
What was the use of having any troops on the
seaboard? Was not the fort of Governor's Island,
or any other post, just as well manned by a force
barely sufficient to take care of the guns, as by a
larger force? What necessity was there even for
the force on the frontier? The position of the
frontier had, in his opinion, been misrepresented.
He was a western man. He renionibered the time
when, standing on the banks of the Mississippi,
and looking across that river, scarcely a hut was
visible—when there was nut a habitation between
the Mississippi and the Pacific. A soldier was
never wanted there, except in time of actual war;
and then the regular troops were not deemed as
very serviceable. There could be no Indian war
without previous notice of it. There would always
bo time for the Government, to provide agamst it.
The gentleman from Arkansas [Mr. Ym.i.] had
said that there were sixty thousand Indians on the
frontier; they might carry oil' our hogs or cows.
But he did not think thai then; \v ould be any trou-
ble with the Indians, unless there should be a war
with Great Britain. Certainly, there would be no
necessity for additional troops for the protection of
the frontier from the Indians. Of what use would
be an army of more than 7,000 men now?
Gentlemen talked about Great Britain; but still
it was said that the bill had no reference to a war.
The expense of these regiments could not be limit-
ed to any definite tenn. As the. gentleman IVom
Indiana had said, it would be difficult to get rid of
the common soldiers, and still more of the officers.
He considered seven thousand men as suliicieiit
for the whole of our frontier, ami lie would say that
the frontier was able to defend itself. Frontier
people had a love for adventure and excitement,
and they would laugh to scorn the idea that they
must be defended by United States troops.
There were now 4,000 men m Texas, under the
command of Brigadier General Taylor, and to see
the pompous parade of general orders, win- would
suppose that General Taylor was i-tunmandiug a
division at least. He thought the lorce sunn than
sufficient, unless there should be war, when twen-
ty regiments might be wanted. Hut it was said
that the additional force was not wanted in refer-
ence to Mexico. What, then, was it wanted lor.'
How long was this army to remain on the ftio
Grande? Certainly not more lliau a year. Time,
would solve the whole mystery as to what was to
be done in regard to Gie.it liiitain ami iMex'uo.
But he would say that the frontier was able to de-
fend itself, and that seven thousand tumps were
sufficient for any practical purpose. It had been
aaid that we were to take. Oregon. It was no such
thing. There were not thirty Oregon men in tins
House. The other day he drew up a lesolulion,
declaring that the President could not consistently
surrender any portion of the territory of Oiegon,
to which he liad asserted that our title was cleai
and unquestionable," and all around him, Oregon
and antl Oregon men, joined with the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Winhirop,] to put it
on the table, as though it was treason, or altogether
inadmissible for one moment.
The controversy now was between 49uand4 /u.
This great question had degenerated into a question
whether the President should take the 49tn paral-
lel, or come down ahttle lower. There was nothing
in the Oregon question which could render neces-
sary these two additional regiments. The very un-
certainty that hung over the Oi egon questioirWould
prevent him from voting for this bill. He believed,
that if a message should come in now at that door,
informing us that the President had made a treaty
on 49°, it would meet with a universal burst ot
approbation. What would be the use of the block-
houses and stockades that were talked of, unless
we were to have Oregon ? He did not want the
people of Illinois to leave her fertile fields upon any
doubtful enterprise. He did not wish them to go
without the prospect of some practical benefit. If
they were to bo obliged to contend with British set-
tlers, he did not wish them to go. He was asked
by some one, whether he would now build stock-
ades beyond 49. He answered that he would
comply with the stipulations of the treaty; but he
could sec no use in taking any measures of this
sort unless we were to go to 54° 40'.
This Government expended #13,000,000 a year
for the protection of the frontier and of our com-
merce, and yet our commerce dtd not requirq a
gun, and the protectoin of the frontier could be
safety left to the frontier people.
He thought it very bad policy to increase the
army in time of peace. l>id any one suppose that
these two new regiments would put us ill any bet-
ter condition to sustain a war if one should occur?
Something had been said about the cultivation of a
military spirit among the people, through the
means of a standing army, but this was a great
mistake, for that spirit would be aroused among
the people when cireutnstanc.es required it. _ It was
thought more genteel and convenient to fight on
horseback, but all the " good fighting'' that had
been done in this country had been done on foot.
Here Mr. UAtCKU. made some allusion to a re-
mark of Mr. MeGAuotiKv, wlui'h called up that
gentleman, and lie expl.vmt u, (hat he was in favor
of protection to every branch of domestic industry;
and if the taritl'of lKW should be repealed, lie
should be m favor of such a system as would
equalize all protection.
i\1r. HAKKR said, tins gentleman fioni Indiana
is in fa\in- of the tanlfol" |y-lL3, and so ani 1. If
the South and the Deinociaey fahouid unite to pint
down the tariff of 184'?; if they should kiss and
make friends, after abusing each other on the in-
ternal improvement question'—then American in-
dusfry would be prostrated. If the alternative to
the tarilfof 184-2 was supposed to be fit c trade—
' if the abolition of one was supposed lo be the sure
means of obtaining the other—it would br found
to be a mistake—a humbug. Much as he desiied
the muintenonec of the tarilfof lB4xi, it it could be
penuanently maintained, he would not consent to
any ineiease of expenditure, unless it should be
applied to legitimate and expedient purposes. We
were getting along so fast in expenditures, that
gentlemen would be afraid to reduce the tariff. He
would not vote for any increase of expenditure for
the express ptupose of keeping up the tariff, lu-
stiad of uiising these 1,400 men, he would say to
Mi. Polk, that In- should be at liberty to call out
a sufficient number of men in Illinois, Arkansas,
or elsewhere, for the defence of the frontier in ease
of necessity. That would be the best way of pro-
ceeding his would encourage that military spirit
| among the people which gentlemen desired so much
; to see, and which was everywhere dying tlumigli-
j oul this country.
| The militia system was dying out. The Balti-
| more volunu erswere foi merly a line military corps:
i but what, had become of them now ? Everywhere
the system had fallen into neglect and disrepute.
Persons could not be found to take commissions
in the militia. If it was wished to preserve amili-
| tary spirit m the country, let the W est believe that
i they ure to defend themselves from the assaults of
I the Indians. j
| Mr. Yfc'.LL here remarked that the gentleman j
j did not know uiiythui" about the Indians. There j
!j was difficult v among the Indians themselves, and ;
j! not between them and the. whites. We were obliged
' I to keep a force to protect the Cherokees from the j
| Senunoles. The Setnitioles were just as hostile to
• | us as they were when they were removed from
'j Florida. But we could whip them more easily
j: where they now were than in Florida.
!| Mr BAKKll. They know it. They know they
will be whipped if they cut any capers, and there-
lore there is no danger of any outrages on theirpart.
He cousideicd the army of 4,000 mpn now in
Texas, as sufficient force under any ordinary cir-
cumstances; and as to any difficulty with Mexico,
we should see what we should see.
He was asked whether he voted for the annexa-
tion of Texas. He did vote for it, because he had
a feint hope that if faith was kept in regard to
Texas, it would also be keptm regard to Oregon.
Mr. YELL here asked the gentleman, as a west-
ern man, to say whether posts were necessary on
the frontier, from the Red river to the Rio Giande;
and whether, in his. opinion, it was necessary to
establish military posts in Oregon.
Mr. BAKER, in reply, said that some few mili-
tary posts were no doubt necessary; but posts were
one thing, and soldiers another. The people would
defend and take care of the posts without the aid.
of a standing army. He was asked whether it was
proper and necessary to provide a force for the
protection of emigrants to Oregon. He was a little
doubtful on that point. He did not wish to en-
courage emigration when our settlers were to be
kicked and cuffed about between 47° and 49°.
[A voice. "Will you then go to 54° 40', and
establish posts noith of 49?"]
No, (said Mr. B.) Not one of you will ever
get beyond 49°. lie would not encourage his
people to go unless they should know what they
were to do when they got there. We did not
want fourteen hundred men for these posts. He
would ask the gentleman from Arkansas, how many
posts were required between the frontier and the
Rocky mountains?
[Mr. YELL. Three. They will requiie two
companies of infantry and one of cavalry.]
Now, sir, (said Mr. B.,) it must be recollected
that the people of Illinois would be very glad to
go and garrison those posts. It would he a poor
excuse for raising an army to protect the frontier
against a few straggling Indians. How long was
the Texas army to be kept in the field ? If peace
should continue, they must soon be sent back. If
there were not troops enough now, then let the
western rillemen be employed when additional
force should be necebsai y; and when their service
was o\er, let them return to private citizenship.
Mr. CHIPMAN would not, he said, followthe
gentleman in all his random excursions; but he
would say that it gave him great pain to find that
the gentleman's zeal m behalf of Oregon had so
much abated, and, perhaps, it had been occasioned
by the apprehension that the tariff of 1842, which
was so deep a disgrace to our statute book, was
now in some danger. The gentleman said that
then' were not thirty members who would stand
up to-day for Oregon. The gentleman had come
to the opinion that all our speeches were made for
Buncombe, and that all the professions of patriotic
zeal for the maintenance of our rights in Oregon
were sheer hypocrisy. The gentleman had now
found that economy was indispensable in the pub-
lic expenditures. Where was his economy when
he voted for the harbor bill ?
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. McGaughey)
had forgotten that the policy of his party required
expenditure in order to uphold the tariff of 1842.
Wlien that question should come before the House,
he would wish to occupy a day in showing the
manner in which th.it system enabled a dunghill
aristocracy to fatten on the blood of the millions;
but that hour rule put every one in a straight-jacket,
and prevented him from stating his views to the
| country, or in such manner as to be understood by
' reporters, or by friend or foe. The gentleman
from Illinois was opposed to these regiments on
the score of their expense; but he (Mr. C.) would
rather expend two hundred millions on any con-
stitutional object than to leave money in the trea-
sury to become a source of political corruption.
No capital was to be made by preaching against
I extravagance and against appropriations for legiti-
mate and proper objects. The people of the Uni-
ted States were not to be humbugged by any such
pretences. They only asked for "a fair distribution
of the money, not for a corrupting fund for pur-
chasing up States and consolidating the Govern-
ment. to gratify a few Whig speculators. They
asked for such a system as would impose a tax on
property and not on labor. And they would be
willing to draw the last red cent from tlie treasury,
rather than it should be the means of corruption.
He would go into the State of Illinois, where mil-
itary spirit was at a low ebb, and he did not be-
lieve that he could get there a corporal's guard for
the defence of the frontier. No, sir, nor in the
State of Michigan cither. He had had the honor
of holding a commission as brigadier general in the
militia, and whilst he had carried his bloodless lau-
rels, the gentleman had achieved great victories in
the Mormon war. He therefore deferred to the
gentleman's superior skill in such matters.
[A voice. « Did you not say that Michigan
