1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
539
_ _ l in foreign trade, are foreigners—men enticed
into our service by high wages, and not even na-
turalized—men having no ties of attachment to
the country or its interests. Will you confide its
destiny to such hands ? Can you rely upon them
to maintain your honor, to uphold your charac-
ter, and to sustain, unimpaired, the institutions
which we all cherish? No, sir; you look to oth-
er resources, to our native-born sons, who will
be influenced by the strong ties of attachment
and affection. Among them you will find the
bone, sinew, and nerve, so often spoken of in
this chamber. You are sure to have these natives
with you whenever the country is in peril, and
on them you must depend to ward off the blows
of all foreign adversaries. If this country is wise,
it will never permit its soil to be desecrated by in-
vading armies from Europe. It now has twenty
millions of people, who are strong enough, when
united, to make the ocean the great theatre of all
future strife, and there all battles should be fought.
If the question, then, is, whether the cod fishery
shall be abandoned, or shall continue to give em-
ployment to many thousands of superior seamen,
it is a very grave question for statesmen and patri-
ots to decide. If the step proposed is likely to take
from us this resource of national defence, it be-
comes us to pause and meditate upon the conse-
quences. But, Mr. President, (said Mr. D.,) 1 will
not enter more into the subject, as I lmve already
passed the limits usually assigned to us in present-
ing petitions: I hope, however, to prevail upon the
Senator from Missouri, who has long interested
himself in this matter, to read and consider the facts
contained in this memorial. I have often been
moved by the eloquent descriptions of the hard-
ships and sufferings of the pioneers of the West,
which have fallen from the lips of gentlemeu in this
chamber; and I can assure Senators that, however
great and affecting they may be, they fall far short
of the courage, toil, suffering, and peril incident to
these pioneeis of the great ocean frontier; and 1 am
sure that if Senators would witness the trials and
hardships of a single voyage to and from the Grand
Banks, I should be certain of their sympathies for
the fishermen. But, Mr. President, I will pursue
the subject no further now, but shall resume it
again when the bill comes before us.
Mr. BENTON" said he had listened, as he al-
ways did, to what was said by the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Davis] with pleasure and in-
struction. As the honorable Senator had particu-
larly called his attention to the subject, lie would
say to him that there would be an opportunity
hereafter for going more fYiily into tlie subject. It
was understood that there was in course of prepa-
ration a tariff bill, and theie was also a bill which
had been introduced by himself for abolishing tin;
duty on salt, and for abolishing the fishing boun-
ties and allowances, which were consequences of
the existence of that duty. When these bills came
up for consideration, there would be an opportu-
nity for going fully into a discussion of the subject.
It was an old question—a question coeval with tin;
foundation of the Government. At the very com-
mencement of the Government fishermen applied
for bounties, as an encouragement for carrying on
their business. Mr. Hamilton made a report in
favor of allowing bounties to various brandies of
industry, and he specifically named fishing us being
entitled to encouragement. Mr. Jefferson made a
report, taking directly the contrary ground, utterly
denying the" constitutionality and expediency of
paying money out of the treasury for carrying on
any branch of private business. By searching the
records of' Congress gentlemen would find that
these questions began to be agitated fifty years ago.
Although Mr. Jefferson took the ground of the
inexpediency and unconstitutionality of paying
money out of the treasury for the support of liidus-
try, yet he made the case of bounty to fishermen an
exception; he said it was a fair case for drawback.
The fishermen employed a great deal of salt; that sal t
paid a duty, and it was considered expedient that
they should receive a bounty equal to the amount
of the duty which they paid. It was meant to be
paid to those who exported their fish, and great
care was taken to see that they not only expoi ted
them, but that they actually landed them in a for-
eign country before the money was paid. It was
equally applicable to those who slaughtered beet
and pork, and salted that beef and pork for exporta-
tion; but, after a time, the farmers of the West,
finding they did not receive any bounty, ceasecl to
care anything about it. But the fishermen still in-
sisted that it should be paid to them ; and how had
they succeeded ? There were two sorts of reflec-
tions growing out of this system of granting boun-
ties: one was, that the business which received
bounties from the treasury was in a declining state.
The cod and mackerel fisheries having a double
protection—having nearly a monopoly of the whole
market, receiving money from the treasury, and
the consumption of the finny article increased enor-
mously; yet, with all these advantages, the busi-
ness was going down, while every branch of busi-
ness that had been left to its own exertions was in
a flourishing condition. "
This was one point of view; but there was ano-
ther, and it was the small proportion which the
tonnage employed in these fisheries bore to the
tonnage employed in other branches of trade.
They had but half the amount which the whalers
possessed—those who double Cape Horn, and go
to a distance of 20,000 miles from any port that
they can call their own, who make three years'
voyages, and are all that time employed in killing
the monsters of the deep. While he would admit
a degree of merit in those engaged in the river and
coast fisheries, in the mackerel and cod fisheries,
yet they were far below the whalers in point of
numbers.
Mr. B. stated the increase in the amount of ton-
nage employed in the various branches of com-
merce and the fisheries for a period of twelve years,
commencing with 1833, showing a very dispropor-
tionate increase in all other branches over that of
the cod and mackerel fisheries.
Mr. FAIRFIELD said that having the honor to
number among Jus constituents many of that class
of persons who aie to be parucultuly benefited or
injured by the repeal of the fishing bounty, he
hoped he should be indulged in saying a few words
upon tins subject. He did not intend to enter at
large upon its discussion. He could not add force
to the (acts and arguments presented by the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts, [Mr. Davis,] nor would
he attempt it. 1 lis principal object was to show
where he stood in reference to tins matter—to show
that when the question should come up on the bill
for repealing the fishing bounties, he should be
found voting for what he deemed to be not only in
accordance with the interests of his constituents,
but the, interests of the country. He was against
the proposed repeal. He believed that the law was
entirely defensible, even upon the most rigid prin-
ciples of Democracy. The origin of the law au-
thorizing certain payments upon the exportation of
codfish, beef and poik, and pickled fish, was un-
doubtedly that suggested by his friend the distin-
guished Senator from Missouri—that is, that the
design was to give a drawback of the duties paid
upon the salt used in curing and preparing these
articles for exportation. The phraseology of the
law itself, and several of the early laws upon this
subject, are too explicit upon this point to admit of
dou'bt. But in process of time this object ceased
to be operative, mid subsequent laws, bestowing
what was called the fishing bounty, came to rest
upon an entirely different basis. It was some, time,
he said, since his attention had been particularly
called to the subject, and he was therefore unable
to refer with precise accuracy to dates. But many
years ago—[1813, said Mr. fivANs,]—yes, 1813, he
believed, was the year, when, as the Senator from
Missouri himself admits, the several interests under
the law became separated. The drawback or boun-
ty on beef and pork, and on pickled fish, was with-
held, but was continued on codfish; and was then,
he believed, also transferred from the amount of
fish exported to the vessel itself ill which the fish
were caught, and was regulated by its tonnage. And
it was at this period that the system was changed,
and the, law was placed upon a different basis. It
would seem that Congress, at that period, was dis-
posed to withhold generally the drawback of duties;
and the whole law would probably have been re-
pealed, had it not been seen that, though those en-
gaged in the cod fisheries were no more entitled,
upon principle, to bounties, than those engaged in
packing and exporting beef and pork, yet that
some encouragement should be extended to the
cod fisheries as a school for seamen,and a nursery
for the navy. The law, therefore, though con-
tinued in form the same, assumed a different basis,
and was continued for a new and different object.
And there can be no doubt that this object was
justifiable, and the law judicious. All history
shows that upon these men—those engaged m the
fisheries—the country must rely, in case of war or
other contingency, to man- the navy. They are
among the hardiest, bravest, most orderly, and
patriotic men that ever entered the naval or mili-
tary service of this or-any other country. The
history of the last war abounds in proof of this.
It is, then, decidedly for the interest of the country
that this school should be continued. He admit-
ted that the reference of Senators frequently to the
resources of the country in case of war, in. the
strong arms, brave hearts, and sound patriotism
of the people, was sanctioned by reason and ex-
perience. But all brave men are not seamen. This
profession, as well as others, requires training.
A sailor must be educated as such; and without
this education, in vain might we have looked upon
the pages of history for those brilliant victories
which adorned the last war, and which tended to
bring that war to so early a close. If, then, the
navy must be supplied by seamen, and the busi-
ness of the cod fishery is a nursery for such sea-
men, there is no greater violation of principle—he
meant of Democratic principle—in bestowing aid
for the support of this school, than in supporting
a school at West Point to educate young gentle-
men for the army. Both rest upon the same prin-
ciple. If one is justifiable, so is the other.
But it is objected to these bounties by the Sen-
ator from Missouri, that they go to the owners of
the fishing vessels, and not to the fishermen them-
selves. In reply, he would say that, in his view,
it was of no consequence to whom the bounty was
in the first instance paid. It went eventually for the
common benefit of all concerned in the voyage.
The fishermen, it is well known, do not receive
specific wages as in mercantile voyages; but in-
stead thereof, have a certain share of the fish. This
share is enlarged by the fact that the owner re-
ceives a portion of his profits of the-voyage in the
bounty received from the Government. If the
bounty was received m the first place by the fish-
ermen, they would receive a smaller share of fish.
Again: the Senator from Missouri alludes to the
whaling business, and says that though this busi-
ness furnishes many and excellent seamen, those
engaged in it neither ask nor receive any bounty.
For this there was a very good reason, to wit:
that none was needea. The business was highly
lucrative; and on turning to New Bedford, Nan-
tucket, and other ports at the North, we may see
that large fortunes have been accumulated in it. If
it were otherwise—if it was necessary to bestow a
bounty on those engaged in this business in order
that it should be continued—he for one, knowing
how many good sailors it furnishes, and how de-
pendent the country would be upon it in case of
war, would cheerfully vote for such a bounty. But
no such bounty is needed; and, indeed, the Senator
from Missouri has drawn a comparison between
this and the cod fisheries, showing that the latter
is in a declining condition. If this be so, and he
was not disposed to deny it, it certainly furnished
no reason why the scanty aid now furnished it by
the Government should be withdrawn. On the
contrary, it would seem to be a strong reason why
the aid should be continued. The necessity for
this aid is found in the fact alluded to by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Davis,] that the
English and French Governments afford liberal aid
and encouragement to their fisheries, enabling them
thereby to go into the markets of the world with a
clear advantage over American fishermen. But he
did not intend to enlarge upon this subject. At
another time, when the bill should come up for a
repeal of the law, he perhaps might avail himself
of the occasion to express his views more fully.
The petition was ordered to be printed, ana laid
on the table.
THE DEBATE ON OREGON.
Mr. ALLEN rose and said he desired to ask
the attention of the Senate to the question of de-
termining upon what day the Senate would be wil-
ling to take the vote upon the passage of the Ore-
gon resolutions. It was now, he believed, forty
or fifty days since the debate upon this subject
was opened. How the intervening time had been
consumed was known to all. He had no personal
right to complain of the time consumed by other
Senators in the discussion, after having himself
consumed two days of the time of the Senate; but
Jie desired, for many reasons which it would not
be necessary for him to state to the Senate, that
