1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
541
two Houses of Congress, in answer to calls made
by them, in reports prepared, with my sanction,
by the Secretary of War and the Secretary of the
Navy, on the 29th of December and the, 8th of Jan-
uary last; a mode of communication with Congress
not unusual, and, under* ^existing circumstances,
believed to be most eligible. Subsequent events
have confirmed me in the opinion that these re-
commendations were proper and precautionary
measures.
It was a wise maxim of the Father of his Coun-
try, that, to be prepared for war, is one of the
most efficient means of- preserving peace;" and
that, " avoiding occasions of expense by cultiva-
ting peace," we should "remember, also, that
timely disbursements, to prepare for danger, fre-
quently prevent much greater disbursements to
repel it.'' The general obligation to perform this
duty is greatly strengthened by facts known to
the whole world. A controversy respecting the
Oregon territory now exists between the United
States and Great Britain; and while, as far as we
know, the relations of the latter with all European
nations are of the most pacific character, she is
making unusual and extraordinary armaments and
warlike preparations, naval and military, both at
home and in her North American possessions.
It cannot be disguised that, however sincere may
be the desire of peace, in the event of a rupture,
these armaments and preparations would bu used
against our country. Whatever may have been
the original purpose of these preparations, the fact
is undoubted that they arc now proceeding, in part,
at least, with a view to the contingent possibility of
a war with the United States. The general policy
of making additional warlike, preparations was dis-
tinctly announced, in the speech from the Throne,
as late as January last, and has since boon reiter-
ated by the Ministers of the Crown in both Houses
of Parliament. Under this nspect of our relations
with Great Britain, I cannot doubt the propriety
of increasing our means of dofence, both by laud
and sea. This can give Great Britain no cause of
oifence, nor increase the danger of a rupture. If,
on the contrary, we should fold our urms in secu-
rity, and at last be suddenly involved in hostilities
for the maintenance of our just rights, without
any adequate preparation, our responsibility to
the country would be of the gravest character.
Should collision between the two countries be
avoided, as I sincerely trust it may be, the addi-
tional charge upon the treasury, in making the
necessary preparations, will not be lost; while, m
the event of such a collision, they would be indis-
pensable for the maintenance of our national rights
and national honor.
I have seen no reason to change or modify the
recommendations of my Annual Message in regard,
to the Oregon question. The notice to abrogate
the treaty of the 6th of August, 1827, is author-
ized by the treaty itself, and cannot lie regarded
as a warlike measure; and 1 cannot withhold my
strong conviction that it should be promptly giv on.
The other recommendations arc in^eonfonmty with
the existing treaty, and would all'ord to American
citizcns in Oregon no more than Ihe same measure
of protection which has long since been extended
to British subjects in that territory.
The state of our relations with Mexico is stiM
in an unsettled condition. Since the meeting of
Congress, another revolution has taken place m
that country, by which the Government lias passed
into the hands of new rulers. This ev cut lias pro-
crastinated, and may possibly defeat, the settle-
ment of the differences between the United States
and that country. The Minister of the United
States to Mexico, at the date of the last advices,
had not been received by the existing authorities.
Demonstrations of a charactcr hostile to the U lil-
ted States continue to be made in Mcxico, which
has rendered it proper, in my judgment, to keep
nearly two-thirds of our army on our southwest-
ern frontier. In doing this, many of the regular
military posts have been reduced to a small force,
inadequate to their defence should an emergency
arise. . •
In view of these " circumstances, it is my
"judgment" that "an increase of our naval and
military force is at this time required," to place
the country in a suitable state of defence. At the
same time, it is my settled purpose to pursue such
a course of policy as may be best calculated to
preserve, both with Great Britain and Mexico, an
honorable peace; which nothing will so effectually
promote as unanimity in our councils, and a firm
maintenance of all our just rights.
JAMES K. POLK.
Washington, March 24, 3846.
_ Mr. WEBSTER rose for the purpose of inqui-
ring into u matter referred to in it, without intend-
ing to make any commentary or any remarks what-
ever. It would be perceived, from the reading of
the message, that it was the judgment of the Pres-
ident that an increase of our means of defence, both
military and naval, had become necessary by the
circumstances of the country. The amount or ex-
tent of that necessary increase was not stated in the
message, but the President had stated that esti-
mates showing-the extent of the necessary increase
of our means of military and im\al defences had
been communicated from the appropriate depart-
ments of the Executive Government to the appro-
priate committees in that and the other House of
Congress, for their advisement mid consideration.
He would not complain at all of this mode of com-
municating to the members of Congress the judg-
ment of the Executive on such highly important
and vital subjects; he would not complain of it,
because, as the President hud said, it was not un-
usual. Recently, it was notunusual; but the prac-
ticc was of recent origin, and, in his judgment, it
was one not to bo encouraged. He did not know
whether the honorable members of the Senate who
were respectively at the head of the different com-
mittees had communicated these estimates in any
way to the body to which they belonged. And he
rose, to inquire, therefore, beginning with the hon-
orable Senator from Missouri, who was at the head
of the Committee 011 Military Affairs, what that
communication was, and whether he could not .sug-
gest some mode of bringing it to the knowledge of
the whole body of tlx* .Senate, because it was said
in the message that these estimates were lvmdewith
the sanction of the President himself; and it ap-
peared to him that, thus sanctioned, they should
nave been brought before the Senate.
Mr. mCiNTON rose and observed, that a proper
introduction to an answer to the honorable Sena-
tor's inquiry would be to say that the information
had been communicated to "the committees by the
bends of Departments, m conformity with appli-
cations made, by the committees, which applica-
tions were in obedience to resolutions parsed at
the commencement of the session, instructing the
committees to inquire and report what increase, if
any, was necessary to be made in the military and
naval defences of the country. The committees
were prompted, as a matter 01 course, to make the
inquiries of the proper Departments of the Gov-
ernment; and the M ihUiry Committee having made
application to the proper organ, the Secretary of
war, that functionary returned an answer, which
answer was in the hands of the committee. There
: wftN much of it. which it might be very proper
I perhaps to make public, but there were other parts
[which the committee thought it would not be
; proper to make public. The information was all
j in the hands of the committee, however, (he spoke
| of the Military Committee alone,) and they had
j not. deemed it necessary to take action upon it.
I Mr. FAIRFIELD said, in answer to the inquiry
of the honorable Senator from Massachusetts, as
far as related to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
that, subsequently to the passage of the resolution
of the honorable Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
(.•ass,] instructing the. committee to inquire what
measures, if any, were necessary to be taken for
the defence of the country, letters were written,
by direction of the committee, to the Secretary of
the Navy, requesting information and estimates;
and in answer to this nnd the other inquiries per-
tinent to the ease, a communication had been re-
ceived, and had been read to the Senate and pub-
lished; and, in conformity with it, a bill had been
reported, and was now upon the calendar, provi-
ding for the building of ten steamers.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON inquired whether the
Naval Committee had reported all the information
which they had received from the department?—
or, whether any other communications had been
made to them by officers of the Navy Department,
which had not been laid before the Senate?
Mr. FAIRFIELD said the communication was
accompanied by reports from the heads of the va-
rious naval bmeaus. These reports were made
by the heads of the bureaus to the Secretary of
the Navy, and by him transmitted to the commit-
tee, with the understanding that they were to be
returned to him again. Tiiey were transmitted to
the committee merely for the purpose of enabling
them to make the proper estimates. These reports
were voluminous, and were not communicated to
the Senate, because it was the understanding that
they should be returned to the Secretary of the
Navy. They were accordingly returned.
Mr. WEBSTER s&id he had intended only to
make the inquiry, but he desired now to follow it
by a single remark. After, what had fallen from
the chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs,
he wished to ask two things: First, whether the
Secretary of the Navy, in communicating the esti-
mates, informed the committee that -he had the
sanction of the President to those estimates? And,
secondly, whether the communication which the
Senator stated had been made to the Senate, con-
tained the same information, to wit, the estimates
prepared for the committee, under the sanction and
direction ot the President?
Mr. FAIRFIELD replied that the communica-
tion to him of the fact that the estimates had re-
ceived the sanction of the Piesident was a verbal
communication from the Secretary of the Navy,
who had transmitted them, and therefore was not
communicated to the Senate.
Mr. WEBSTER said he understood the Senator
to say, then, that the only authority upon which
he based his knowledge of the estimates having
been made out under the sanction of the President
was a verbal communication, and that not even
that was cbinmunicated to the Senate by him, on
introducing the bill for the augmentation of the
navy. It would be seen, therefore, whatwas the
true posture of this affair.
He had only further to say, that, as soon as
might be convenient to the honorable Senatorwho
was chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, who, he presumed, had received information
m the same way of the estimates from the War
Department having received the sanction and been
prepared under the direction of the President—he
hoped that as soon a« it might be found convenient
by the honorable Senator, (it was altogether in the
Senator's own discretion, of course,) he would
communicate, as far as was proper to be commu-
nicated, and no further, to the Senate the informa-
tion which the committee had received. If there
was a portion proper to be kept private he was
quite content to leave it to the discretion of the Sen-
ator from Missouri. But such portions of the Pres-
ident's recommendations for the augmentation of
the mil itary means of the coun try as were fit for pub-
lic communication and public discussion here, and
public information throughout the'country, he
should be very glad that the gentleman from Mis-
souri, whenever it suited his convenience, would
communicate to the Senate.
Mr. BENTON observed, that as chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs, he deemed himself
only the organ of that committee, and as soon as
he had the sanction of the committee he would
have great satisfaction in communicating to the
Senate the information which the honorable Sen-
ator desired.
Mr. WEBSTER was understood to say (from
his scat) the Senator is an organ that I have more
confidence in than I have in some other organs.
Mr. BENTON (also from his seat) remarked
that he regarded the Secretaries of the Departments
as being the organs of the Piesident.
Mr. CASS requested the reading of that part of
the message which referred to the increase of the
army and navy. He remarked that if he had un-
derstood it correctly, the President now recom-
mends a greater armament than was recommended
by him at the early part of the session.
The passage having been read by the Secretary,
Mr. CASS said he would merely remark that,
notwithstanding every effort of his in the Senate,
and out of it, this matter had been allowed to sleep
for many weeks, and he was glad to find that it
was now pressed upon their attention by the Ex-
ecutive message, and not-by British cannon.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON inquired of the chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs how
many
ships *of-war were recommended in the communi-
cation of the Secretary?
Mr. FAIRFIELD replied that he did- not at that
moment recollect the number. He had paid but
little attention to the matter, believing that the re-
commendation of the Secretary of the Navy was
adequate to the exigency. It had passed out of
hi  mind.
