542
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24 .
The message was ordered to be printed.
And, on motion of Mr. BERRIEN, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness, and, after some time spent therein, the doors
were opened.
And, on motion of Mr. SEVIER,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 24, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday having been read in
part,
Mr. McCONNELL moved that the further read-
ing be dispensed with, and that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The SPEAKER said that there was a resolu-
tion pending at the adjournment yesterday, which
would be the first business in order.
The question was then taken on the motion that
the reading of the Journal be dispensed with, and
having been agreed to,
The Journal was approved.
Mr. JAMES THOMPSON asked leave to pre-
sent a memorial.
Objection was made.
TWO REGIMENTS OF RIFLEMEN.
The House proceeded to the consideration of the
resolution introduced by Mr. Haralson yesterday,
and pending at the time of adjournment", providing
that ail debate in Committee'of the Whole on the
state of the Union, on the 44 bill to raise two regi-
ments of riflemen, and for other purposes," shall
terminate this day at three o'clock, unless the com-
mittee shall sooner come to a conclusion thereon.
Mr. ROBERTS moved that the resolution be
laid on the table.
Tellers were ordered, and subsequently (on the
call of Mr. Cobb) the yeas and nays.
And the question, " Shalt this resolution be laid
on the table?" was then taken, and decided in the
negative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John Qumcy Adams, Arnold,
Atkinson, Jiakei, Barringer, Bell, Uroekenbrough, Milton
Brown, Reuben Chapman, Cocke, Collamer, Cranston,
Crozior, Culver, Daniel, fiarrajjl), Gariett Davis, i)i\on,
Dockery, John II. Ewing. Foot, Giddmgs, Gordon, Graliam,
Grulcr, Grin/iell, Hampton, Harper, Herrick, lhlhaui,
Hough, Samuel D. Hubb.ird, Hudson, V\\ Hunt, James B.
Hunt, Joseph It. JLngeisoll, Jenkins, Daniel P. King, Preston
Kmtj, Lauronee, Leake, Lewis, Maelav, McClelland, Mc-
Cottnell, MeGaughey, Mcllvame, Marsh, Motley, Perry,
Phelps, Rathhiii). Rhett, Roberts Julius Rockwell, Hoot,
Runic, RunM'tl, ^awteJle, iSuiiuiuou, Schenek, f-oddon,
Seveianee, Tnutiau Smith. Albeit Smith, Caleb 11 Smith,
Mewait, Strollni. 'I'lubodoauv, Tininia->«oii, Benjamin
Thompson, Trumbo, Vinton, White, Wmthrop, WoodiuH',
Wiiaht, and Voung—">9.
NAYS— Mc^r:-. Stephen Adams, Anderson, Bedinger,
Benton, Biggs, James Black, J«imcs A. Hluek, Bowlin,
Boyd, Brmkerho/T, Biodhcad, William G. Blown, William
W. Campbell, CatUoart, Chase. Clarke, Cobb, Collin, Cul-
lom, Cummins, Cunningham, Dargun, Jefferson Davis. He
Mott, Dillingham, Dobbin, Douglass, Diomgoole, Erdimm,
Faian, Fieklui, Frie^, Gaivin, Goodyear. Grover. Hamlin,
Haralson, Hattnanson, Hogo, Isaac E. Holmes, Hopkins,
Geoige S. Houston, Edmund W. Hubard, Hungerford,
Charles J. Ingeisoll, Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson, G.
W. Jones, Leib, La Sere, Ligon, Lumpkin, MeClean,
McCrate. Joseph J. McDowell, James McDowell, McKay,
.?olm P. Maitin, Barkley Martin, Morse, Parnsli, Payne,
Price, Ileid, Relfe, Iiitter, Sawyer, Seaman, Alexander D.
Sim-, Leonard II, Sims, Simpson, Thomas Smith, Robeit
£mith, Stanton, Starkweather, St. John, SyJces, James
Thompson, TiedU'.iy, Wenlvvorth, Wheaton, Wiek, VVil-
liams, Woodward, Woodwoith, Yancey, Yell, and Yost—99
So the House decided that the resolution should
not be laid on the table.
And then the resolution was adopted.
Mr. JAMES THOMPSON again asked leave
to present a memorial, which he desired to have
printed.
Objection was made.
The SPEAKER said, that the regular business
would be the call of the committees for reports.
On motion of Mr. HARALSON, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. McKay, of North Caro-
lina, in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of the said bill, and of the amendments thereto
pending. The floor was the property, from yes-
terday, of—
Mr. ISAAC E. HOLMES; but
Mr. McCONNELL rose and moved that the bill
be laid aside, with a view to take up (as the re-
porter understood) the bill he had designated yes-
terday.
The CHAIRMAN decided that the motion was
not in order, because the gentleman was not enti-
tled to the floor to make it.
Mr. JAMES A. BLACK rose also and address-
ed the Chair.
Mr. ISAAC E. HOLMES said, that as he had
no disposition to inflict a speech upon the commit-
tee on a military subject, and as the gentleman
near him [Mr. Black] could do so much more jus-
tice to it, he (Mr. H.) would yield the floor in fa-
vor of that gentleman.
Mr. BLACK resumed the floor; but yielded at
the request of
Mr. HU.NGERFORD, who gave notice of the
following amendment:
" That the President of the United States be, and
1 is hereby, authorized, by voluntary enlistment,
' to increase the number of privates in each com-
' pany of the existing regiments of dragoons, artil-
k lery, and infantry, to any number not exceeding
' eighty, whenever in his opinion the exigencies of
' the public service may require the same."
Mr. BLACK then proceeded with his remarks.
In considering the bill before the committee, he
was disposed to take the following view of it.
The amendment of his colleague, [Mr. Holmes,]
to which he wished particularly to call the atten-
tion of the House, provides that the two regiments,
if raised, shall be officered by transfers and pro-
motions from the line of the army. From com-
parison with the expenses of the first regiment of
infantry, he estimated that, in case the officers of
these regiments were taken from private life, their
pay for a single regiment would bo about $43,783,
and for two regiments about $87,566. Tnis sum
would be saved to the army if the amendment of
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Hungerford]
is adopted, via: for the two regiments, over $87,000.
The amendment of the gentleman from South Car-
olina, [Mr. Holmes,) if adopted, would eifect a
saving of about £60,000. By raising two addition-
al regiments, and officering them from the existing
number of supernumeraries, the expenses for the
frame-work ot our skeleton army will be increased
only by the small amount of about $27,000. For
his part, he had no great preference between the
different propositions before the committee, except
that he was decidedly in favor of having at least
an additional regiment mounted.
The present number of the army was about
8,000; the proposition of the gentleman would
make 90 enlisted men to each company, and there-
fore would increase the aggregate amount of the
140 companies of the army to about 32,600 men.
The proposition of the Committee on Military Af-
lairs was to incieaso the companies by an addition
of 10 men to each company, which would make
an increase of 1,400 men to the companies now
in service, and to raise two additional regiments,
amounting to about 1,400 more. Thus the prop-
osition of the committee was to increase the army
about 2,800 men, making its aggregate number
about 10,800 men.
He was, therefore, decidedly in favor of the
proposition to make two additional regiments; but
he was equally in favor of officering them by trans-
fers and promotions from the army. It would be
recollected by members of the last Congress that
this House,at the last session, passed a bill by a
majority of three-fourths of those present dismiss-
ing ninety-five supernumeraries in the army. That
bill failed in the Senate. Here was a proposition
to employ sixty-eight of them; and could they jus-
tify themselves if they authorized the officers for
these regiments to be selected from private life,
and then turned round and dismissed these super-
numeraries? Their course was clcar. If they de-
cided upon increasing the companies to ninety
each, he believed it would be their duty to ap-
point forty-five additional second lieutenants,
fie hoped the bill would prevail. He hoped
also that the amendment of the gentleman from
South Carolina would be adopted; and also that
of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Boyd,]
which authorized the mounting of such portions
of the two regiments as the President shall think
proper. If that pievails, it is not to be supposed
that the President will mount more than one regi-
ment—probably not so many. That these were
intended as western rangers, to some extent, would
not be denied; they were best qualified for the ne-
cessities of the country, for transporting the mail
from post to post, for carrying information, and
jj for guarding emigration.
jj Mr. TILDEN then took the floor, and, so far
as his remarks could be heard on the left of the .
Chair, spoke generally to the following effect: -
He- did not often, he said, trouble the House
with any long speeches, nor was he disposed, on
this occasion, to depart from his general practice.
But, if he understood the matter correctly, this
measure was proposed originally for the purpose of
giving security and protection to our citizens emi-
grating to Oregon; and he was anxious to place
himself right in the vote he was about to give Qn
that account. He did not wish to stand before his
constituents in the position of voting against a bill,
(as he intended to vote against this,) which had
for its object the encouragement of our emigration
to Oregon, and its protection on the way there. If
he could convince himself that such was the object
or design of this hill, he should undoubtedly feel
bound to give to it his sincere and hearty support.
But he did not believe it; he did not believe it had
any such object; he did not believe that such had
been its original design, much less that it was so at
this time. He might be wrong, and if so, he should
be happy to be set right; but he looked upon this as
an effort on the part of the Administration to raise
these two regiments of riflemen, (to be officered, ac-
cording to the views of the gentleman from Arkan-
sas, [Mr. Yell,] by western gentlemen, experi-
enced in Indian warfare,) to conciliate the great
western Democracy for the disappointment they
had undergone by the failure to carry out their
views in relation to the northwestern boundary.
This might be a far-fetched conclusion, but it was
that which had presented itself to his mind.
Something like eighty or ninety officers would be
required for these two regiments. If the object which
he had stated was not the real objcct of this meas-
ure; if it looked solely and exclusively to the best
interests of the country, how was it that the recom-
mendations of the President and the Secretary of
War had been departed from in the framing of this
bill? How was it that two regiments of riflemen
on foot had been substituted for the recommenda-
tion of the President for one regiment of mounted
riflemen or dragoons ? Clearly, to his mind, to mul-
tiply the chances of promotion—to increase in a
two-fold degree the power of the President, and, by
the distribution of the commissions of the officers,
to conciliate the West which he had offended.
Mr. T. was understood here to refer to opinions
expressed by the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs, and other members, at the last
Congress, contending that experience had shown
that mounted riflemen, or dragoons, were the only
corps that could be efficiently employed for the pro-
tection of the western frontier.
This called up Mr. J. A. Black, in brief expla-
nation. After which, Mr. T. continued.
If the construction which he had put on this bill
was not correct, he would like to know why that
mode of defence which had been so long sanction-
ed by experience should now be departed from ?
Had gentlemen had any counter experience since
the first session of the last Congress, convincing
them that infantry were superior to mounted men ?
But he came now to the inquiry as to the neces-
sity of this measure. This was a serious question,
which every man here was bound to submit to him-
self before he brought this additional burden upon
the public treasury. If the object was to protect
emigration to Oregon, let it be shown clearly and
mcontestably, that they might understand it before
they voted. The Secretary of War, in his annual
report, had said that something like 850 men, 500
women, and 1,000 children, had departed from our
frontier settlements to Oregon. Pie (Mr. T.)
would inquire whether a single man, woman, or
child, had suffered for the want of that protection
which it was now proposed to give by these two
regiments ? How many emigrants had gone there
before them ? How many had passed over that
trackless wilderness before those to whom the Sec-
retary of War referred ? Thousands; and he called
upon the friends of the bill to designate one in-
stance, if they could, wherein a man, woman, or
child, had suffered injury on the route for the want
of this protection. He avowed that neither man
woman, child, nor beast, had suffered. If this was
so, it was lair to say, that what had been done once
could be done again; and, therefore, there was no
necessity to justify this outlay of the public money
to gLve protection to these emigrants. There was
something behind the scenes that had not been dis-
closed. Fhe emigrants wanted no protection: they
never had asked for it. 3
