1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
54S
. Mr. T. here adverted to a remark of Mr. Yell ,
1n relation to the disposition of this force after it
should have been created, which called up that
gentleman m explanation. After which Mr. T.
proceeded—
So far as the western frontier was concerned, he
believed there was already a sufficient force there.
Nor was there any more necessity now to give
protection to oar western settlements than there
was one or two years ago. He thought if the
troops now there were withdrawn, and the people
of Arkansas and Missouri were left to rely on
their militia alone, a more efficient protection
would be given than that now afforded by the
troops of the United States. Of all men, the army
under our peace establishment was the least effi-
cient in such a service. There was not anywhere
a more lawless set of puppets than these soldiers
(shut up without exercise and in barracks, from
year's end to year's end) were. He would rather
have one western farmer in such a service, than
half a score of such men. Why was it that all at
once the militia of the country had come to be re-
garded as so inefficient? The battles of Bunker
Hill, of Plattsburg, and of other fields, bear testi-
mony to the reliance which might be placed in
that arm of the national defence. And now what
was there to oppose to the employment of the
same kind of force again? Why, there was the
experience of his friend from Michigan, [Mr.
Chipman,] who said he once was a brigadier
general in Michigan, and that he did not do any
great honor to the country. He (Mr. T.) had 110
doubt of it; he had no doubt that the other militia
under that gentleman's command had done etill
less honor. And, indeed, he (Mr. T.) believed
that Michigan had been exceedingly unfortunate
in her generals. He recollected one of tliem who
once had a seat in this Hall, [General Crary,] and
whose memory had been embalmed by an honor-
able gentleman at the other end of the Capitol.
But, because Generals Crary and Chipman had not
succeeded in making the militia efficient, it diit not
follow that they could not be made so on our west-
ern frontier.
He had no doubt that the President, and those
who sympathized and were in the closest con-
nexion witli him, were in earnest in raising
these two regiments. Whilst the President con-
ferred the offices thus created upon some members
of this House, and, according to a gentleman from
Maine, on other gentlemen now hanging round
these lobbies, he intended also to augment the
force now in Texas. Was the Houso prepared
to carry out this purpose? For his own part, he
declared solemnly that never until the Stale of
Ohio, by some act of hers, should revoke the reso-
lutions of her Legislature, passed by the iniuni-
mous vote of the Whig and Democratic party,
declaring that the annexation of Texas was a vio-
lation of the Constitution of the country, and that,
as such, she would never bo bound by it, would
he sanction or sustain that purpose. .Never until
Ohio should wipe out that record would lie con-
sent to this grand system of national marauding.
Last year we had been informed Unit (lie annex-
ation of Texas was indispensable to the defence of
the country; that it was coming in to supply the
place of armed legions; that it was necessary for
the protection and defence of New Orleans. And
how, what story did we hear? Why the gentle-
man from Arkansas [Mr. Yell] told us that there
were two thousand miles of frontier which it was
necessary to fortify, and that these regiments, as
well as the others, were indispensable to give^ pro-
tection to that extended frontier. And the Secre-
tary of War candidly told us that the annexation
of Texas, instead of giving us additional protec-
tion, brought us into proximity with the Cuman-
ches—a wild, fierce, and marauding tribe of In-
dians—the Arabs of the desert; that they made
annual mounted incursions into our territory, and
that additional force was requisite to repel them.
If he had understood correctly, it was intended to
increase the army (of observation or of occupation)
which was this day occupying a territory to winch,
according to the highest Democratic authority at
the other end of the Capitol, we had no more title
than we had to Great Britain—a territory where
our citizens were now paying duties on their goods
to the Mexican Government—a territory to which
honorable gentlemen on this floor had declared that
we had no title. For himself, he would see this
Capitol razed to its foundation before he would
vote for such a proceeding; and in saying this, he
believed that he spoke the sentiments of the people
of Ohio.
In what position, then, did this line of policy
place the country ? How was the national honor
to be preserved ? It had been said, " by doing no-
thing but what was clearly right, and submitting
to nothing that was wrong." How was Mr.
President Polk, according to the position which he
had assumed, to preserve the national honor? With
cannons loaded, and with matches lit, he was de-
manding of Mexico, on the one hand, that which
clearly aid not belong to us; whilst, on the other,
he was surrendering two hundred thousand square
miles of territory, to which he had averred that our
title " was clear and unquestionable." This was
a curious " getting up stairs" in the way of pre-
serving the national honor. Mr. T. here referred
to the hue-and-cry raised from Maine to the Sabine
on the ratification of the treaty of Washington, to
illustrate the course of the Democratic party in
making that the groundwork of unjust and in-
iquitous charges before the people against Mr.
Webster.
He (Mr. T.) declared, in conclusion, that he
was resolved to go against this bill in every form
in which it could be presented, unless the State of
Ohio shall revoke the resolutions to which he had
referred, (and which he sent to the Clerk's table
to be read.) Whenever that State, by any act of
hers, should convince him that she had repudiated
these resolutions, then, and not before, he would
be prepared to go for an army of occupation in
Texas. Whenever that time came, he would not
only go fur these two regiments, but for raising
any amount of force that might be required, ade-
quate to the ends to be accomplished. He knew
tnttt as long as slavery existed in Texas, so long
there would because ofwnr between this country
and the contiguous territory. It could not be other-
wise. It must he so, unless the very law of our
being was changed. So long ns slavery existed,
slaves would run away; and so long as man sym-
pathized with his fellow-man, savage though" he
might be, in slavery, so long would this country
be embroiled in these border wars. Whenever the
people of hi.s State should give their sanction to tins
outrage, then, and not before, lie would vote in
favor of this and other kindred measures.
Mr. IIATHBUN wished briefly to state some
objections which he hod to the passage of this bill.
In the first place, he denied that the period had
arrived when it was expedient or proper to pass
such a measure. If we look into the President's
Message, we find that he recommends, in reference
to Oregon, a set of consecutive measures, depend-
ant upon each other. The first recommendation
was the giving the notiee for the abrogation of the
treaty with Great Britain, under which she now
jointly occupied the Oregon territory with the Uni-
ted Suites. The next step proposed by him was,
that, the laws of the United btates be extended over
the territory of Oregon for the protection and de-
fence of our citizens in that territory. The next,
and necessary measure, that follows in the course of
the preceding recommendations, was tlmtof a chain
of posts, and the extending of the military arm of
the Government along the route to Oregon, to pro-
tect our citizens emigrating thither.
Now, first, they had passed no resolution for
giving the notice. That is awaiting the action of
the Senate; and what that is to be 110 man alive
can tell. Indications are anything but encouraging
that the notice, is to comc out of that body without
being entirely destroyed, and so qualified as that
this House will never concur in it. The indications
there are to surrender what has been claimed to
be—what has been proved to he—clearly and in-
disputably the property of the people of this na-
tion; to surrender one-hall' of the territory to a
Government which has no claim whatever but
mere possession, and that under a treaty with us
granting to her temporarily such joint posses-
sion. Now, until that question is settled, I will
vote for 110 bill to increase the army or navy, or
military defences of any kind connected with the
army or navy. I want to see, in the first place,
what this Government designs to do—what it
dares do. 1 want to see whether we are to go
begging on our knees to Ute throne of Great Brit-
ain, or whether we are to assert our rights openly,
manfully, honestly. Before I vote for a bill of
this character, I must learn that we are doing
something besides creeping and kneeling before
the throne of Great Britain. I want no mounted
riflemen, no increase of the army or navy, until t
know we have the courage to insist upon what we
claim as our just rights. And until you first take
the steps showing that you have the moral courage
to assert what the President says we have the
right to assert, I say you are assuming that kind
of blustering courage, which, after all, is to be a
mere backing out—is to be a further demonstra-
tion of our want of courage, by assuming to do
what it appears already the Government dare
not do.
What did they propose to raise two regiments
for? Why, they were told, to guard the way—to
make stockade forts and fortifications along the
route to Oregon, to protect our emigrants thither.
For what ? vVhy are you desiring to push Amer-
ican citizens into the territory of Oregon, when the
legislative branches of this Government dare not
say, in the face of Great Britain, the territory is
ours—dare not say a foot of it is ours? For what
do you desire to prepare a road, to guard that road,
and to push on men, women, and children, from
this part of the country into a wilderness, among
savages, when you dare not extend your laws over
them? Why do it? he asked. Why adopt a
policy of this character? Better let them all turn
with the other branch of Congress, and petition,
and qualify, and take the means to dissipate all
pretence that we have any right to that territory,
and keep our people at home. Now, he desired
to see whether we were to insist upon our claims
to this territory. He was desirous to see whether
our laws will be extended over that territory—
whether our people already there, as well as those
who are to go there, will be protected in the en-
joyment of all the rights and privileges of Amer
lean citizens. He was in favor of protecting them
there before he protected the way there, and en-
couraged them to emigrate. He desired to see
the Indians within that territory conciliated, and
their good will secured, and they brought within
our protection, before he voted for any bill to send
our people over there to be slaughtered by them
whenever the beck or the direction was given by
the Hudson Bay Company to do it. When they
saw that the action of this House was to be con-
curred in by the other branch, and that, first, the
notice is given; npxf, that our laws are extended
over our people in that territory, to protect them
when there; and, in the last place, that terms of
peace and amity are cultivated with the Indians:
when all these things were done, he would go for
opening the way for our emigrants thither, and for
protecting them on their route, and not before.
But these things are not done. We have got, as
a Yankee would say, "the cart before the horse;"
and it is now proposed to raisea branch of an army
for the purpose of protecting our emigrants to a
country which we dare not assert our right to. We
are preparing a way to transport men, women, and
children, from their firesides in this country, and to
induce them to go where we dare not extend our
laws over them. We are urging them to go among
Indian tribes under the influence of a local company
there—with whom we have opened no negotiations
or terms of friendship, and have no treaty stipula-
tions, no surety that they will not butcher our peo-
ple whenever they are directed to do so by those
who have established these stipulations. Then, he
said, in this stage of their proceedings in regard to
the Oregon territory this action was premature. If
all these proceedings were to fall to the ground, this
bill and all its provisions was unnecessary. If th'ey
passed this bill, and organized these two regiments
at the expense of $400,000, or §500,000 annually, it
is all money thrown away, because you have taken
no step to render it necessary. Not only that,
but it is adding another to the many causes of dis-
grace and of infamy which have attached to the
whole country for attempting to talk so loud, and
assert a claim so supreme over a territory which
the Government in its different branches dare not
carry out. He begged that this House would
spare itself from drawing upon its own head any
portion of that disgrace; let them wait, and if the
co-ordinate branch of this Government would block
the wheels, and refuse to aid them in carrying out
and maintaining the rights of this Government to
Oregon, let them take the responsibility; let it not
be thrown upon them that they had disregarded
their inertness their want of courage, he might
Say an^ gone on and established a regiment, or
two regiments, of riflemen, drawing emigration
