544
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March -S5Cr
into that territory, when they knew that the Sen-
ate would not concur with them in establishing
laws for the protection of our people there. He
saia, let us save our credit, save our money, save
our people here, and not induce them to go where
we have not the ability, or at least, until we meet
with concurrence in the other end of the Capitol,
where we have not the power to extend our protec-
tion over them. He was in favor, instead of rais-
in? two regimen is to induce our people to go there
if the action indicated by the Senate was to be car-
ried out, of raising two regiments to go and brin"
them back, let us not incur the charge that meets
us at every step, that we are inducing our people
to go where we dare riot proteot them, hut let us
come out openly, and confess that wo dare not,
and induce them to come back where we can pro- '
tect them. I
But there was another objection to this bill, and !
one which, if there were no other, would induce ■
him to vote against it; and that was, that we have i
now seven thousand privates enrolled in our army, ;
out of which seven thousand something- like four <
thousand men and upwards are in Texas. How
long were they to continue there? Why, m all :
leasonable probability, they are cither to return
soon, or we shall have abundant occasion for more. '
He thought tlu-y were destined to return without
having tried their steel with the Mexicans. Sun- !
pose they return within six or twelve months, when 1 i
we take into eonsiucratnm the condition of our i
western settlements, and iheir capacity to aid in j!
protecting themselves, we have strength" enough to ;
pi otect all our exposed points. Wt have maintained ;}
several companies in Providence, several in New i
iork city, several m Buihilo, and a company of '■
flying artillery in Baltimore. We have them seat- ! [
teied all along the seaboard; and what for? One h
company i n each of the fortifications, one company i
f'oi i\ew York", one for the State of Rhode Island, IJ
and for any other site along the Atlantic eoast, was :
sufficient to take care of the fortifications, and that :
is all mat is wanted. We lia\c this surplus wast- 11
ing and corrupting by their contiguity to cities, i
who are amply sufficient to distribute along the jj
route to Oregon; and we have already our mounted
dragoons to be taken upon that route for the pur-
| them by an honorable enlistment to live in the
neighborhood of the dogs of the country. They
were men of spirits too free, and of character too
independent, ever to submit to be brought to the
whipping-pyst, aud to receive thirty-nine lashes
laid on with a eat-o 'rime-tails.
Mr. jEf'FEUSO^N DA \ IS inquired of the gen-
tleman from New York, if a man could be pun-
ished with corporal punishment in the army?
Mr. RATUBUN (resuming) replied that he was
not advised whether the law authorized it or not;
and he apprehended it did not depend much upon
the law what kind of treatment they received after
they were enlisted in the armj\ All he knew was,
j that where you establish strict military discipline,
j that discipline is to be enforced, and there is pun-
j ishmeiu of some kind adequate to enforce it—
j whether by wnip on the back, by solitary confine-
; nicnt, bv stinting them to bread and water, or by
badge ot disgrace—'Whatever it might be, he told
them that these western men 011 the prairies were
the last men who would submit to it, and discipline
could not be maintained amon^an army composed
ot Mirli men as tluvsc. [f you were ^oins; into the
western country to have a most <* glorious" fight
ot sixty or ninety days, or six months, these men,
abou* all others to be found upon the face of the
earth, are just the men; but if you are going from
year to year to watch and see if perchance some
Indian may come alona; to depredate upon some
traveller, do not take an independent man from the
valley ot the West, initio to your cities and towns, j
and take the degraded, spiritless class you may 1
mid theie, with a better hope that they will sub- |
nut to military despotism. I
li, then, wy were to have no trouble with Mcx- j
ljjuu jiiuk: xor uie pur-
pose of aiding traders back and'forth to Oregon,
rhen, (he said,) unless v/e were to have war with
Mexico, we have men enough; and he asked mem-
bers of tins House to look to it well before they
enlarged the list oi officers or increased the amount
of military force m this country, and to see how
riilucult it is to £,et rid ot men when once we have
put an epnuieUe upon their shoulder. They sel-
dom die, they ne\or resign; and your list of super-
annuated, worn-out uilieers, unfitted for command,
is now eating up the wy vitals of the treasury,
?uia exhausting it uselessly of moneys which mi^hf
be beneficially distributed 111 the improvement of
your mors and habere, which are deemed so im-
pious here and so injurious and unconstitutional m
some sections of the country.
But there was another objection to which he
wisned to call the attention of the chairman of the
committee and of western gentlemen here. They
wpre now (ailed upon to raise two regiments of
riflemen. One of them, they were told, was to go I
on to the boundary between Texas and Mexico, '
to occupy fortifications and keep oif iheCuman-
ciies; the other to be distributed along the route |
between Missouri and the Rocky mountains, in 1
stockade forts: and you are told that these men :
must be taken fi oni the West, because they under-
stand Indian fighting, and that they must be west- !
em officers, because they would be popular among .
the men, and understand that service. Now let ■
them look at this service. Kvery one of these men j
is to be cooped up in a little small fortification three :
years. In the valley of the Mississippi there is a •
class of men who, of all on the face of the globe,
will he the last to submit to be shut up for three
years to be fed on salt beef, salt poik, and bread,
and submit to military discipline. Wlmt is it r No ;!
better, no less than a horrible imprisonment; and i
you take men, as fiee as the air that floats over ■!
those boundless prairies, who mount and ride like j:
the wind wherever they list, who arc 1 eared up in, |!
and who delight in, freedom and independence, and .!
they to be the men to be cooped up in your stockade ;!
forts, to watch Indians! Before they had beentheic |l
ninety days they would take their commanding'i
officers and march them back. It was idle. You i!
might as well take a lot of foxes and attempt to get j ]
ico or with Groat iiritiun, we have troops enough:
and, admonished by the history of this Grovem-
ij ment, he would vote against an increase of the
,j army or navy. lie never would vote for an extra
1 appropriation upon either until he saw it to be
. necessary lor the actual defence of the country.
'• It was easy to add officers, to put them upon
^ noises, to enlist men, to increase the expenses of
ji the tinny and navy millions; but when you al-
ii tempt to take the man irom his home and put him
Jj on his feet, you will /hid it much more difficult; and
,, 11 you succeed, you will be pretty likely to find the
!j next Congress so tender-hearted as to put him
j' brick again, as was done in the last Congress in
ij the case of a regiment of dragoons winch the Con-
M gross beiore that had dismounted. And if this
were not the case, experience has taught us that
|! *lcr<JiS branch where, if a bilf passes here
; for the reduction ol the army or navy, it lies 011
1 the tabic there without bein^ taken up.
Mr. R. concluded by a bnof reference to the rc-
i n;.ai:ks Vihpmaw yesterday, on the subject
1 of the militia of the country, and to his remarks
j oi a former day, and he maintained their hissh
. character and the peat dependence which, in the
: VV est and in all the suctions of the country, was
, to be placed upon the citizen soldier—they beino-
I m many p«u(s a sufficient reliance against the at-
, tacks ot the Indians, exrept, at ccrtain points where
a company might be necessary, ,n order to keep
j up a military show and thus intimidate the Indians.
lAU 111 ease the proper men suits precedent to this
, to which ho had adverted were taken, he was readv
to £>0 for this, and to aJford all desirable protection
to emigrants to Oregon after our Government, in
all its uepaitmeiits, lim] determined to come up and
assert our just rights m that territory. Until thai
was done, lie should vote against tin's bill.
The committee roseinformally, and theSpeaker
resumed the chair, to receive a message from the
iriesident of the tJmted States, by James Iv. Wal];-
er, Esq. his private secretary, notifying the House
that he did this day approve and sign" the bill en-
titled an act to repeal the act requiring one of the
judges of the Circuit court for ihe District of Co-
lumbia hereafter to reside in Alexandria.
The House being again in committee,
Mr. HARALSOX addressed it at considerable
length in favor of the bill, in explanation of the
scope and object of its various provisions, and in
reply to some of the (ueumcnta which had been
urged against its passage. [These remarks will
appear]!) the Appendix.)
Mr. GciiXTHA said he did r.ot rise for the pur-
pose of discussing at length the bill now under
consideration by this committee. Ho had been
heretofore opposed to the increase of the standing
army oi the United States; he had been opposed to
I it as the policy of this Government on the score of.
economy, as well as for other reasons which influ-
enced his mind; and having determined, after ma-
ture reflection, to give his vote for the bill now
under consideration, he desired rather to indicate
than to express at length the reasons which had
induced him to come to that conclusion. He pre-
mised by saying that, with reference to the mode
in which he conceived it to be his duty to dis-
charge himself of the obligations and duties which
appertained to him as a Representative of the peor
ple, he knew no other rule of action upon, thus Or
any other question, than to determine with the
best, lights before him what was his duty with re-
ference to the great interests of the country, and
then to do it without fear of consequences. His
, firsf impression in deference to a preconceived
; opinion was, that he should vote against this bill;
but a night's sleep, or rather a night's reflection,
had brought him to the conclusion to vote for it;
and he intended now, with the indulgence of the
chairman and of the committee, to indicate • the
reasons which would influence him in giving his
vote in favor of this measure.
With a very remarkable degree of unanimity,
this House had recently determined to give the
notice to Great Britain for the termination of the
convention of 1818, for the joint occupancy of the
Oregon territory; and whilst there was a difference
of opinion as to whether the Government of the
United States ought to extend the jurisdiction of
I the United States speedily and promptly up to 54°
40', or to 49°, he believed there was no difference
1 ot opinion upon the point that we must speedily
i extend our jurisdiction over some portion of the
country at least. This was one fact entitled to
some consideration in determining what should be
their action upon the proposition now before them.
Very recently this Government had annexed to
itself the Government of Texas, embracing a terri-
tory sufficient of itself, independent of our own
wide- spread limits, to make a great empire. There
was a very large majority here in favor of that
policy. Have they not thought of the consequen-
ces which must necessarily follow the adoption of
this territorial extension ? If wo have already add-
i od another empire to our great and wide-spread
i empire, and if it is our intention to extend our
jurisdiction over a part or the whole of Oregon,
I could we expect to accomplish this without bring-
ing ourselves up to the point, and meeting, as be-
comes patriots and men, all the consequences which
w-T1 necessarily follow the adoption of this policy.
Wherever you may extend your territorial limits,
•wherever an American citizen goes, if within the
territorial limits of the United States of America,
lie has a right to claim the protection of his Gov-
ernment; and for one lie was in favor of the policy
which should encourage and authorize the Ameri-
can citizen, wherever he may be within the terri-
tory ot Ins country, when he look's to the star-
spangled banner, to look with a confidence of re-
ceiving the protection of his Government. We
now owe protection to our population in Oregon;
our obligation would soon be greater, in conse-
quence of the measures soon to be adonted; for,
yToS01" treaty which may be made shall stop
f f§° V? S4° 40'' we camiot abstain from the
duty of affording our protection to the citizens of
tne^umted htates within our territory.
Txow, having already determined that he would
give his support to this bill before he came to the
itouse this morning, that determination was 'verv
much strengthened and increased from the reasons
winch the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Tildes]
gave why he would not support it, and bv the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. RathbitnI why he
would not. The gentleman from Ohio was op-
P?nu-t0- annex'U!°  of Texas, and the people
of Ohio, in some political convention or other, had
adopted a resolution declaring 1 lint annexation was
26 foi ullcons'itutionah and until the
people ot Ohio reversed that declaration, the gen-
ever w',T°hU ?V6 "" votc for measure what-
Tev r^ii00ks l? the P!'otcctio  of the people of
A™. Of i ianle®an *-'ew York was m
« , „ G^mment asserting ius claim up to
t>4 41) . He loo,is to tue other wing of the Caoi-
io\nt n7C,f' ^thm!fshe sees; s> mptoms that the
wf i' t' 1CL states will be recreant to the
high duties of patriotism, and not have courage to
assert our claim up to 540 40'; and, thereofVe
cause they are not willing to wage war for the ter-
rnor-y up to 54° 40', he would vote for no protec-
