THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
P^^TED_AWD_PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, MARCH 27, 1846.
New Series....No. 35.
tion for those citizens who go up to 49°. If we
SlnT ?p t0 £°>40'> a11 under 490 may w
VM. nS? fax.a?he 18 concerned. These, in his
' ^•Qs-) opjmon, were very pernicious doc.
r,S; S,U0?. dootrlnes> on® adopted, would an-
the Government itself, and make this cx-
?S7-i i 1 republican liberty a great failure.
Whether he (Mr. G.) was for 54° 40' or for 490
whether he was for annexation or against it, when
the constituted authorities of his country shall have
fT 54\ 40Aorfoii 49°"'for annexation or
against It; when the Government shall have takon
its position; when it shall have acted under the au-
m n L°:/n S°nst??t10"' f® a Patriot and « states-
man he felt himself called upon mid bound, by
every moral and. political obligation, to stand up
and maintain his country. If, against his own
opinion, this Government should take the position
tiiat it will assert its claim to 54° 40', ("a claim lie
believed, perfectly absurd and indefensible,) still,
if the country takes that position, he maintained
Ifii"3!P.0rt1 country in it; for, in reference
to all that relates to our foreign affairs, lie held it
to be the duty of the -patriot to stand up for his
country right or wrong. Therefore, whether he
was m favor of the annexation of Texas or not
when that measure was under consideration, and
before it was consummated, he held now—and he
maintained it was a position which no mart could
■controvert—that Texas is as much entitled, by the
action of this Government, to the protection of
Government as Massachusetts or Virginia are 
two of the most illustrious of the old thirteen States
of this confederacy who won the liberty mid inde-
pendence of this republic.
With reference to the extension of territory made
by the annexation of Texas, and in view of the
very great extension to be made by establishing
our jurisdiction up to 49°, (for he denied our au-
thority over all above that, believing that this Gov-
ernment has no just right to it;) but whether wo
go to 4.9° or to 54° 40', his rule would he the same,
when the Government, shall have taken action
■upon it—with reference to the extension we have
already made, and that which we shall soon make
—in view of these two great pregnant, important
Tacts, and in view of the consequences that imi t
inevitably follow from them, after mature reflec-
tion, he had come to the determination that it is
indispensably necessary that the military strength
of the country should ho augmented by an increase
of the regular auny of the "United Suites; and he
should therefore vote for this bill.
Surely it could not be that gentlemen were ad-
vocating this measure without having in view the
consequences that muxt follow. Surely it must
have come across their minds that such achieve-
ments cannot be made without working material
changes in the policy of our Government, and
without developing facts which may have a very
material, perhaps a very advantageous, perhaps n
very disadvantageous influence upon the whole
future course and policy of die Government. What
is to be the influence upon the President of the
United States of the extension of our empire, when,
in the future, we shall behold a chain of Suites
upon the Pacific, and when Texas shall be filled
to overflowing with American freemen—what is
to be the increased extent of his patronage, and
what is to be the effect of that immense increase
upon the workings of our political institutions,
remains to be seen. But lie would not go into that,
subject. He would content himself at present by
saying that he was opposed per se to the augmen-
tation of the President's patronage, and in favor of
the amendment of (he gentleman from South Car-
olina, [Mr. Holmes,] which proposes to limit the
patronage of the President in the appointments
under this bill; and that the regiments hereby pro-
posed to be raised shall be officered by transfers
and promotions from the army. Why do you
keep up at a vast expense the Military Academy,
if it is not to supply the wants of the army for
officers from it? And while " supernumeraries"
in name, and supernumeraries in fact, are receiving
the support of the Government, why will you
supersede them by allowing the officers for these
35
regiments to be taken from civil life? The chair*
man of the Committee on Military Affairs (Mr.
Haralson) says, if it is wise and proper, the
selection will Be made from these cadets. The
discretion is in the President; and the President
doubtless will wisely exercise that discretion. He
will not bo compelled to make the selections from
civil life. He (Mr. G.) was utterly opposed to
leaving anything to Executive discretion, which
the law-making power can provide for specifically;
and he held it. to lie one great principle, departure
from which has led us into many of the political
evils with which we have been visited for several |
years past, that the law-making power ought to j
prescribe in all cases in which it can, and let the I
Executive be the executor of the law. At the last
Congress but one, on a proposition for regulating
the appointment of cadets at, West Point, from the
debate in the Senate it was clearly seen that it was
the object of Congress to give to the President the
power to select at large ten cadets; and it was ob-
vious that the intention of Congress was to enable
him to select the sons of meritorious officers in the
army—of men who have rendered signal services
to the country. What had been the actual prac-
tice under that law ? But one solitary son of an
the country better than he could—should bring in
measures still further to enlarge the military strength
of the United States, he (Mr. G.) should .sustain
them. He could not, in view of our doubtful fu-
ture, in view of the uncertainties that hang around
our relations with Mexico and with England, and
of what may happen on our western frontier, in
case of rupture with either of these Powers,—he.
could not vote against any measure in conformity
with the recommendations of the President, having
in view the preservation of our national honor, or
the defence of our national rights.
A few minutes still remained of the time allotted
to debate.
Mr. JEFFERSON DAVIS said he did not in-
tend to enter into a wide discussion with reference
to the tariff, to Oregon, to Texas, or to the im-
provement of the rivers and harbors of the coun-
try. The House had under consideration a prop-
osition to raise two regiments of riflemen. The
only questions to be determined were: first, the
necessity of the increase; and, second, the mode
in which it should be made. There were two
great propositions imbodying different modes: one
to increase the army by increasing the number of
regiments; the other, to add to the rank and file of
officer of the army had been appointed a cadet by l| the existing regiments. Our organization under
the I resident in the exercise of this discretion, j a peace establishment is designed only to be the
' . that encourage them to commit things to the ;! skeleton of an army; we organize our regiments
discretion of the kxceutive, which Congress could j! not so much with a view to their present efficiency
regulate and .should regulate? He said not. Let !j as 011 the arising of an emergency which shall re-
ttiom not do it. It in the misfortune of the times jl quire them to enable us to fill them up and render
—an evil that luis fastened itself upon our political j us the greatest service. We. who were literally
institutions that appointments arc now made, and .; the rifle people of the world, who were emphat-
V(' been made, nut with a view to the public j! ioally skilled in the use of the rifle, were now fall-
j?ood, but with reference to the degree of political | ing behind France, England, and other nations,
influence (avorable 10 flu- pvintmo- AHiniti<e)w.iinn. il who were paying attention to it, and now actually
had no rifle regiment. For this reason, if there
were 110 other, he would vote to raise a rifle regi-
influence (nvomble 10 tile existing Administration;
and hence, the public, service suiters ill every branch
of the Government.
| Mr. RF1KTT interposed, and (Mr. G. giving
I way) mud he understood the gentleman to say that
[ the President of the United States, in exeicising
I the appointing power of the ten cadets given him by
| the law, had appointed but one son of an officer,
j Mr. GENTRY. 1 understand that to be the
| fact. If misinformed, I should be happy to be
' corrected.
The present President of the
United Estates has had no power to appoint any at
all. On the contrary, the late President, when he
went out, had appointed the full number of cadets
up to the last year, and the time has not arrived
when they were to bo appointed for the ensuing
year.
Mr. HARALSON (Mr. Gkntry still yielding)
was understood to say that the gentleman from
kouth Carolina was mistaken; that appointments
ut large had been made by the present Executive.
But the gentleman from Tennessee was mistaken,
on tlio other hand, with reference to the existing
law. There was nothing in it which prescribe!]
tlwt these appointments at large by the President
should be confined to the sons of officers of the
army-
Mr. GENTRY resumed. The gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Haralson] had entirely misunder-
stood lum, (hesaid.) The law itself did not express
that fact, but he who looked into the debates upon
that bill before it became a law could not fail to per-
cei\e that it was the object of the Congress of the
United States to enable the President to "appoint the
sons of widows of officers of the army who have
died 111 the service, or who, still living, have ren-
dered meritorious and signal services to the coun-
try; and the President, in the exercise of that dis-
cretion, has wholly diregarded and trampled upon
the object and intendment of the law-making pow-
Ijtit with reference to the protection of our fron-
t ier settlements m "X exas, and in the western States,
independently <>< our contemplated action with-ref-
erence to Oregon, it is right and. proper that the
military strength of the United States should be
augmented to the extent proposed by this bill, and
to. a greater extent. And if the committee charged
with executing the policy of the Administration—
the Administration which must know the wants of
ment to perfect our organization, and add the want-
ing bone to the skeleton of our army.
Another reason in behalf of this bill was, that it
was recommended by the President of the United
States. [Mr. D. read that part of the Message
recommending the establishment of stockade forts
on the route to Oregon, &c.} It did not depend
upon the notice, upon future emigration, but. was
necessary to protect the emigration now passing
to Oregon. He pointed out the dangers from the
attacks of nomadic hostile Indians, to which the
traveller across the prairies is exposed, the neces-
sity of mounted riflemen for their protection, and
the superiority in very many respects of mounted
to unmounted riflemen for this service. He agreed
with the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Boyd,]
who, in his amendment, proposed to make it dis-
cretionary with the President, whenever, in his
opinion, the public interests shall require, to mount
such portions of these regiments as he may deem
necessary. He (Mr. D.) hoped that at least half
of them would be mounted; for it was perfectly
idle to send infantry to guard emigrants against In-
dians who live 011 fierseback, who rob all compa-
nies not sufficiently strong to resist them, and fly
with their booty as on the wings ofthe wind.
He denied the correctness of the position of Mr.
Rathhun, that this bill was intended for raising
troops to transport our men, women, and children
I to a territory over which we dared not assert our
j rights; and said that the President had recom-
j mended mounted riflemen to protect'the emigration
j which is now going on; we needed it before emi-
j gration commenced, and emigration has only in-
: creased its necessity. He urged the importance
of this measure, and the advantages and facilities
which would bo extended to emigrants to Oregon,
by the erection of a line of stockade forts on tKeir
route. In further reply to Mi'. R., he vindicated
the (Qualifications of western men for this particu-
lar kmd of service, acknowledging that they would
be loth to submit to military punishment, but as-
signing their habitual subordination to the laws of
the country, and their patriotic and gallant devo-
tion to its interests, as the means by which they
would avoid subjecting themselves to it. In the
course of his remarks, he adverted to'the necessity
of the Military Academy in reference to the attacks
