546
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March :2*>,
from time to time made upon it, maintaining the
unquestionable necessity of a military education to
prepare a man for command in the army; which
education, he said, was only to be obtained at a
military academy, or piece by piece to be picked
up, at the hazard of loss of property and life, by
the officer, after he was commissioned and under
heavy pay. Mr. D. also touched briefly upon one
or two other points.
The hour of two having arrived—
The CHAIRMAN announced the fact, and the
committee, in pursuance of the order of the House,
proceeded to vote.
Mr. PRICE moved that the committee rise. In
submitting the motion, he remarked that a com-
munication had been received by the Senate from
the President of the United States, which probably
might have an important bearing on the question
under consideration. He desired to see that com-
munication in print, that its contents might be
properly understood, before final action was taken
on this bill.
A brief conversation followed between the
CHAIRMAN and Mr. PRICE, and the latter
gentleman did not press his motion.
The CHAIRMAN announced that the first
question would be on the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. T. Smith] to the first
section, which section is in the following words:
" Be it cnncted by the Senate awl House of Rejrresentatives
of the United Slutes of America in Covqres>s assembled, Thnt,
m addition to the present military establishment of tlie Uni-
ted States, theie be raided, by voluntary enlistment, two
regiments of riflemen, citizens of the United State, to seive
for the term of three yeais, unless sooner diselmigeri."
And Mr. Smith had moved to amend it by stri-
king out the words "two regiments," and insert-
ing " one regiment."
Mr. BOYD demanded tellers, who were ordered;
and the affirmative vote, being taken, stood 32.
The noes not counted.
So the amendment was rejected.
And the second section being under considera-
tion, in the words following, to wit:
"Skc. 2. Jlnd be it further emcled, That each regiment
bhall contort of one colour), one lieutenant-colonel, one ma-
jor, one adjutant with the rank of lieutenant, one ser-
geant-major, one qnaitermaster sergeant, two principal mu-
sicians, and ten companies*; each company to consist of one
captain, one first lieutenant, one second lieutenant, four
sergeants, four corporals, two musicians, and sixty-four pu-
vates,who shall be entitled to the same pay and allowances
as aie or may he piven to the nifanuy of the annj, and
shall be subject to the rules and articles of war."
Mr. BOYD moved to amend it as follows:
"That such poition of the tuo regiments hereby authoj-
ized shall be mounted whenever, and continue mounts! so
Ions? as, in the opinion of the Piesident, the public sen ice
sJiall require it."
Tellers were ordered, anil the vote, being token,
stood ayes 90, noes y3.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ADAMS rose, and moved that the commit-
tee rise, for the purpose, he said, of offering in the
House a motion to reconsider the vote by which the
House had determined to take the question on this
bill to-day. His reason for this motion was, that
he had been informed 
[Great confusion prevailed, and Mr. Adams was
interrupted by cries to " Order," and " No, no."]
Mr. ADAMS. I ask leave to state my reason
for the motion I have made.
The CHAIRMAN. It can be done only by
unanimous consent.
Objections were made, and the confusion increas-
ed, members leaving their seats, standing in the
front of the chair, and crowding round Mr. Adams
to hear, if possible, what he was about to say.
Mr. ADAMS. My object in moving a recon-
sideration of the vote 
Renewed cries to order.
Mr. ADAMS. I say ray reason is, that I have
been informed that, at the other end of the Capi-
tol 
[Increased confusion, and louder cries to order,
with demands on the Chairman to carry out the
resolution of the House passed this day.l
The CHAIRMAN (addressing Mr. Adams.)
The House did not decide that the final vote on the
bill must be taken to-day, but merely that the com-
mittee should vote on the amendments, and report
the bill to the House. In the House the bill would
still be open to debate.
^ amounts to the same thing,
fhe biil is reported to the House, the previous
question will be demanded upon it 
Mr. BRINKERHOFF. Then vote it down.
Mr. ADAMS (continuing)—and the question
will be taken on the bill. But even on the suppo-
sition that it does not necessarily follow that the
question will be taken to-day, my motion is the
same. It is, sir, that before taking the final vote
on this bill 
Mr. McCONNELL (interposing) said he would
be as pleased to hear the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Adams] as any member of the House.
But he submitted to the Chair that the gentleman
was wholly out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood that
the committee had given its assent to the gentleman
to proceed.
[Cries of "no—not at all!" "There is not the
power," &c.]
Mr. ADAMS. This is an important question,
and I thought that the committee should have the
benefit 
Mr. BOYD, (interposing.) I insist, Mr. Chair-
man, on the execution of the order of the House.
Mr. McCONNELL submitted that the question
whether the gentleman should proceed or not had
never been put to the committee.
The CHAIRMAN said he had stated distinctly
that the consent of the committee would be requi-
site, and he had understood the committee as giving
their assent.
[Cries of "No—the committee cannot do it; it
has 110 such power," &c.]
Mr. ADAMS. My reason,as I have stated al-
ready, is, that I have been informed that a mes-
sage has been sent in by the President to the other
branch of Congress, which may and ought to have
an important elFect upon the final vote of the House
on this question.
Mr. S. .TONES rose to order.
Mr. BOYD again insisted on the execution of
the order of the House; though, he said, he dis-
liked to interfere with the wishes of the gentleman
from Massachusetts.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood the
assent of the committee to have been given to the
gentleman from Massachusetts. In this, it seems,
the Clniir was mistaken. The gentleman can only
proceed by unanimous consent.
Objections loud and long.
The CHAIRMAN. Assent is refused. The
gentleman from Massachusetts will take his seat.
Mr. A DAM 8. I believe I have already assign-
ed, substantially, my reason for the motion I have
made. As there is a message from the Presi-
dent ■
Mr. S. JONES again rose to order.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee has refused
leave to the gentleman to proceed. The gentleman
will therefore take his seat.
And Mr. ADAMS took his seat.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is, "Will the
committee rise?"
And the motion having been decided in the
affirmative, the committee rose and reported prog-
Mr. ADAMS. I submitted a motion, Mr.
Speaker, that the committee rise, and I stated my
reason. This is a very important bill. The House
had determined that the question should be taken
to-day. I am informed that a message has been
received 111 another part of this Capitol, from the
President of the United States, which may have
very great effect on the decision of this bill. For
myself, I confess that my own opinion was, that
I ought to vote against it. But if there is any-
thing in that message which furnishes a good and
substantial reason for its passage, it shall have my
hearty concurrence^ If not—if it turns out that
there is nothing in it affecting the policy and ex-
pediency of this measure, I shall vote against it.
I therefore move a reconsideration of the vote,
merely to give time to ascertain what the message
is, and what effect it ought to have on the action
of this House. There will be no necessity for
delay. The time of adjournment is at hand, and
by to-morrow wc shall have leceivcd the informa-
tion which will enable us to act understandinglv
Mr. ALBERT SMITH and Mr. THOMAS-
SON moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. G. W. JONES (addressing the Chair) in-
quired whether the gentleman from Massachusetts
had voted with the majority?
The SPEAKER. That question will be in or-
der when the motion to reconsider comes up.
And then the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March. 25, 1846. - '
Mr. DIX presented several petitions of farmers
of Cayuga and Seneca counties, New York, remon-
strating against the renewal of a patent heretofore
granted to Jethro Wood; which, were laid on th,e
table. -
Mr. BARROW presented the memorial of citi-
zens of Florida, protesting against the passage iff a
bill for the relief of Joseph Chaires; wh
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the memorial -of
Haym M. Salonron, asking,remuneration for mo-
neys expended by his father irr the Revolution;
which was referred to the Committee of Claims.'
Mr. YULEE presented the memorial of citizens
of Florida, remonstrating against the confirmation
of the claim of Arredondo's heirs; which was re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. DIX presented the memorial of citizens of
New York, asking that the duty on coarse wool
may be increased so as to place it upon a par with
line wool; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. D. also presented the memorial of the offi-
cers of the Lyceum of Natural History of the city
of New York, praying that an edition of not less
than one thousand copies of the scientific works of
the late Exploring Expedition may be printed;
which was referred to the Committee on the Li-
brary.
Mr. D. further presented the memorial of James
Buchanan, late British consul at New York, asking
reimbursement of moneys expended in litigating
laws of the United States, in the case of vessels
brought into that port under the chaige of British
officers; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. D. also presented a petition of citizens of
Tioga county, New York, praying the abrogation
of certain treaties made with the Seneca Indians;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. YULEE submitted the following resolution;
which lies over:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance in-
quire into the right of the State of Florida to a
ratable share of the surplus revenue distributed to
the States under the act of Congress of 3d June,
183G.
Mr. ASHLEY submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which lies over:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of directing that in all cases where a
petition is presented to the Senate for the establish-
ment of a post-route, and in the same petition the
establishment of post offices and the appointment
of postmasters are prayed for, it shall be the duty
of the Secretary of the Senate to transmit to the
Postmaster General such petition, provided the
post-route therein prayed for shall have been es-
tablished by law.
ARMY AND NAVY ESTIMATES.
Mr. BERRIEN submitted the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the Committees on Military and
Naval Affairs, respectively, lay before the Senate
the estimates communicated to them by the respec-
tive Secretaries of War and the Navy, for the in-
crease of the military and naval means of the de-
fence of the country.
Mr. FAIRFIELD remarked that, in reply to an
inquiry yesterday, he had stated that the reports
of the chiefs of the several bureaus furnished for
the purpose of aiding the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs in making out their estimates, had been re-
turned to the Secretary of the Navy. These re-
ports the Committee had not in their hands, and
therefore it was not in their power to comply with
the resolution.
Mr. BENTON observed that the Military Com-
mitttee were ready, as far as in their power, to
comply with the resolution. The whole of the
recommendations were contained in the report of*
the Secretary of War; and to the submission of
that, and it being read at the clerk's table, he (Mr.
B.) had not the slightest objection. There were
other papers, which had been placed in the hands
of the committee, which, in the judgment of the
Secretary, ought not to be made public; and the
