550
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
The CHAIRMAN instructed the Clerk to read
the order of the House, under which the commit-
tee were acting; which having been read—
The CHAIRMAN said the motion of the gen-
tleman from Alabama, [Mr. McConnell,] was
not in order; as, under the order of the House, the
committee must first act on the bill under consid-
eration.
Mr. J. A. BLACK now offered the amendment
of which his colleague [Mr. Holmes] had hereto-
fore given notice, to amend the bill by adding the
following proviso:
" Provided, That all appointments of officers in
the two regiments shall be made by transfers or
promotions from the officers of the line of the
present army of the United States."
Mr. COBB inquired whether this was an amend-
ment to the original bill, (notice of a substitute,
hereinafter referred to, having been given by Mr.
IIuNGF.rford.)
The CHAIRMAN. It is; and the vote will be
taken upon it first.
Mr. RHETT. On the substitute for the original
bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. No; on the amendment to
the original bill.
Tellers were ordered, and the vote being taken,
stood—ayes 87, noes 50.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNGERFORD then moved to amend the
bill, by striking out all after the enacting words, and
inserting the following:
" That the President of the United States be, and
is hereby, authorized, by voluntaiy enlistment, to
increase the number of privates in each or any of
the companies of the existing regiments of dra-
goons, artillery, and infantry, to any number not
exceeding eighty, whenever, in his opinion, the
exigencies of the public service may require the
same."
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON moved to amend the said
substitute, by adding the following words:
"Provided, That said enlistment shall be for the
term of three years, and no longer, unless sooner
disbanded by the President."
Mr. HUNGERFORD accepted the amendment
as a modification of his substitute.
Mr. THOMASSON moved to amend the substi-
tute, by striking out "eighty" and inserting "one
hundred."
Tellers were ordered, and the vote being taken,
stood, ayes 54, noes 50; no quorum voting.
Another count was ordered.
Mr. THOMAS B. KING asked that the sub-
stitute might be read.
The CHAIRMAN said it had just been read.
Mr. KING said there was so much noise that
no man could tell what was going on.
Mr. YELL rose to propose an amendment,
which was not now in order.
A second count was taken, and the vote stood,
ayes 35, noes not counted.
So the amendment of Mr. Thomasson was re-
jected.
The question then recurred, and was taken (by
tellers) on the modified substitute of Mr. Hun-
gerford, and the vote stood, ayes 85, noes 74.
So the substitute was adopted.
And no further amendment being in order,
The committee, on motion of Mr. S. ADAMS
and Mr. RATHBUN, rose and reported the bill
as amended to the House.
And the question now being on concurring in
the substituted amendment of the committee,
Mr. BRINKERHOFF demanded the previous
question.
Mr. McKAY appealed to him to withdraw it.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF. Will you renew it?
Mr. McKAY. I will.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF. Then I withdraw it.
. So the demand for the previous question was
withdrawn.
Mr. McKAY said that as the Commitec of the
Whole on the state of the Union, by a decided
vote, had adopted the substitute of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Hungerford,] and as he,
(Mr. McK.) being in the chair, had not had an op-
portunity of saying anything, he desired now to
submit a few remarks in support of an amendment
which it was his intention to offer. He was most
decidedly in favor of the substitute.
We have, ever since 1821, when the army was
organized, preserved what has been called a skele-
ton establishment. We have had a larger number
of officers—I am not going into any general re-
marks—[cries of " Go on, go on ]—we have
kept up a larger military establishment, so far as
regards officers, than was absolutely necessary,
and it has been expressly with the view that if,
at any time, any great public emergency should
arise requiring any addition to this force, this
skeleton should be so framed as to be capable of
immediate enlargement. We have at present,
and have had since 1821, particularly with the ad-
ditions made during subsequent years to this skel-
eton army, a great number of officers—a greater
number than is absolutely necessary to command
the privates authorized by existing laws. And he
therefore was glad when the motion was made by
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Hungerford]
to strike out the whole of this bill, and insert in
its place the substitute moved by him. But he
thought this substitute went entirely too far.
But pei nut him to make one or two remarks in
regard to a point that might have some bearing on
the mind of the House. It was said that this was
the recommendation of the President. It was true,
m his annual Message he does ask that the raising
of a regiment of mounted riflemen should be au-
thorized. This was his recommendation—not two
regiments of rillemen. One regiment only of
mounted rillemen is the recommendation of the
Secretary of War.
Mr. BOYD said flic recommendation of the
President was, that a competent military force
should be raised.
Mr. McKAY resuming, waived this point, with
the single remark that he was not now going into
any reasons for the purpose of convincing the
House of the propriety of this increase. As ho
had said, the great object, when the army was or-
ganized m J&20 or 1621, and all that it was now
needful for them to do, was to give authority to
the President to incu-.tse the lank and file, if any
increase is nccessary. We want no epaulettes at
all; we have enough of them; all we want is bayo-
nets—men who carry your guns, your muskets,
and l'iiles, to do our lighting. These are the men
we want. Now what he proposed was, that ten
privates be added to each company of dragoons,
and twenty to each company of artillery and infan-
try. lie also proposed to give the President con-
tingent authority to increase the number of pri-
vates in any regiment. He did not lequire him to
make the increase in ail. lie would give him au-
thority to raise the number of privates m any reg-
iment where the public service may require; for
instance, m Texas a regiment of dragoons tnay
lie requiied to scour the Indian territory, and a
larger number of privates than fifty may be neces-
sary. Hence he proposed to give the President
power to increase it trom fifty to one hundred.
What had the British Parliament done ? Had they
authorized any addition to the existing establish-
ment—to the number of battalions i That was not
the course they pursued. On the contrary, they
had put their military force (for that was the usage
of their military establishment) on what they call-
ed the war footing, raising the number of privates
in each regiment from five or six hundred to ten
or twelve hundred. This is what was done by the
ministry of Great Britain, according to the news
received by the last steamer. And it was what he
proposed to do in this case, without any reference
at all to the pending negotiations with Great Brit-
ain. He woald not go into that, but he was in
hopes that that would be brought to an amicable
conclusion; that these two great nations would
find some basis on which they can compromise
their conflicting claims. But in the present attitude
of affairs it is right, as Great Britain is making
these military preparations, that we should do
something on our part. He proposed to add ten
privates to each company of dragoons, and twen-
ty to each company of artillery and infantry; and
in the second section of his substitute he proposed
to give contingent authority to the President to
raise the number in any company to one hundred,
whenever, in his opinion, the interests of the pub-
lic service should require it. And further, he pro-
posed to provide that this increase or addition to
the existing establishment of the country is to ex-
tend only to the 30th June, 1847, and then, if the
position of ourforeign relations should be changed;
if our controversy with Mexico should be—and
he trusted it would be—brought to a friendly ter-
mination, and our differences with Great Britain
should be settled; then in this very bill now passed,
there would be a contingent provision that this in-
crease should be dispensed with, and our military
establishment brought back to the basis on which
it now stands. This was what should be done.
Give your President, who is conversant with the
state of our foreign affairs, authority in case the
contingencies of the public service should require,
to increase the existing regiments to one hun-
dred in each company. It-can be done; it was
done during the last war; but if he thinks it not
at all necessary, he would not exercise that au-
thority.
Mr. McK., in conclusion, sent up to the Chair-
the substitute which he offered, and (in pursuance
of his pledge) moved the previous question.
The amendment was read as follows:
Amend the amendment reported as the said sub-
stitute, by striking out all of the- same after the
word "that," and inserting in lieu thereof the fol-
lowing: " ten privates be added to each company
of dragoons, and twenty privates be added to each
company of artillery and infantry.
" Be it further enacted, That the President of the
United States be, and he is hereby, authorized to
increase the number of privates in any regiment of
the peace establishment, whenever, in his opinion,
the exigencies of the public service require the
same: Provided, That the number of privates in
any company shall not exceed one hundred.
" Be it further enacted, That any addition or in-
crease which may be made, under the authority of
either of the preceding sections, shall continue un-
til the 30th June, 1847; and that thereafter no re-
cruits shall be enlisted until the number of privates
in the several companies shall be reduced, by the
expiration of the term of service, by discharges, or
other causes, to the number authorized in the ' Act
respecting the organization of the army, and for
other purposes,' approved August 20, 1842; and
that the title of the said bill be amended to read,
'A bill to increase the rank and file of the military
peace establishment.' "
After some irregular conversation,
The question was taken on seconding the de-
mand for the previous question, and decided in the
negative—ayes 60, noes 96.
Mr. BOYD moved to recommit the bill and
amendments to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The question was then* taken; and the vote stood
—ayes 60, noes 91.
So the bill was not recommitted.
And the question recurring on the amendment of
Mr. McKay,
Mr. HARALSON obtained the floor.
Mr. PRICE inquired of the Chair what effect
the rejection of the substitute would have on the
original bill ?
, The SPEAKER said the rejection of the substi-
tute would bring the House to a direct vote on the
engrossment of the original bill.
Mr. PRICE said he greatly preferred the ori-
ginal to the substitute.
Mr. HARALSON then proceeded with his re-
marks. He had hoped (he said) that the discus-
sion on this bill would have been terminated by this
time, and that the final question would have been
taken. New propositions, however, had been in-
troduced, one of which had met the approbation of
the committee, and which (especially that offered
by the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Mc-
Kay) seemed to require some notice at his hands.
One of the cardinal principles which had distin-
guished all parties in the United States was, that
the maintenance of a large standing army was con-
trary to the genius of our institutions; and this be-
ing the fact, it was incumbent upon this House to
do nothing calculated to fasten, even contingently,
upon the country a large military force; yet, if he
understood the proposition of the gentleman from
North Carolina, it did authorize contingently an
increase of the standing army to an extent which
might probably be alarming to the American
people.
Mr. RHETT. Will the honorable chairman
allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. HARALSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. RHETT. It is this: As the organ on the
part of this House—having, of course, an oppor-
tunity of communicating with the Executive—I
ask the gentleman whether any information has
been transmitted to the Committee on Military
Affairs which authorizes him to say that, on the
part of the Executive, there is any desire that the
