1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
551
standing army should be increased to the extent
provided for in either of these amendments?
Mr. HARALSON. If the gentleman will look
to the report of the Secretary of War, he will find
that it is there recommended that authority should
be given to the President, contingently to increase
the standing army; but that recommendation had
reference entirely to a peace establishment.
Mr. RHETT. That is the point. I then un-
derstand the chairman to say that he has no infor-
mation other than that communicated in the doc-
uments with the Message.
Mr. HARALSON. No, sir, I do not say any
such thing. On the contrary, I say that the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs (more than a month ago,
I believe) reported to the House a bill, not for the
increase of the standing army, but to meet the con-
tingencies of a probable difficulty with other coun-
tries, and which authorized the President to accept
the services of number of volunteers, de-
pendent on these contingencies. This is now a
public fact upon the files of the House; and the
bill was intended by the committee to supersede
the necessity of any considerable increase of the
standing army. Do gentlemen suppose that, if we
aretohaveanydifficultywith foreign nations,either
of these amendments will accomplish what will
be needed, or that fifteen, twenty, or even
thousand men will be sufficient for the emergency?
Mr. G. DAVIS. "Will the honorable gentleman
inform me (for 1 do not know) whether lie has re-
ceived any specific recommendation of an increase
in the army from the Executive department, and,
if so, what, the amount of that, increase is ?
Mr. HARALSON. I will answer the gentle-
mail. On the 31st of December last 1 did receive
a communication from the Secretary of War in re-
lation to the subject on which he asks for informa-
tion. That communication was accompanied with
estimates and facts in relation to the defences of
the country, the publication of which, in the opin- |
ion of the Secretary of War, (and in that, opinion
I concur,) would be detrimental to the public in-
terests.
Mr. Or. DAVIS. My question is thin: What
specific increase of the army, with reference to
cerps or numbers, does the Kxecntive ask from
Concjrex1* ?
Mr. HARALSON. When the bill which I had
the honor to report to the House shall he. taken up
for action, gentlemen will lie informed as to the
number of men required to fill the blank.
Mr. G. DAVIS. Still, that is not my question.
I do not ask what particular increase the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs proposes shall be made. I
ask what particular increase in the corps, or the
number of men, tlio Executive has asked from
Congress ?
Mr. HARALSON. In the regular army?
Mr. G. DAVIS. In the army, in any force, in
anything which appertains to the military defences
of the country.
Mr. BURT. Before the gentleman answers the
interrogatory of the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Davis,] I desire to ask him a question. I aak
him whether the communication made to him by
the Secretary of War was not of a confidential
nature; and whether he will feel himself at liberty
now to disclose any of the facts contained in it.
Mr. HARALSON. I will state candidly to the
gentleman, (though ho is a member of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, ami knows the facts as well
as I do,) that the communications received, and
which were laid before the committee, were of a
confidential nature, and that they did disclose facts
in relation to the defences of the country, the pub-
lication of which it was thought by the Secretary
of War, as well as by the heads of bureaus, who
made accompanying reports, would be detrimental
to the public interests. .
Mr. G. DAVIS. Will the honorable chairman
allow me one word? I rise to inquire whether
the number of men—the amount of increase in the
army asked for by the Executive—is a confidential
fact reposed in the discretion and confidence of the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HA RALSON. I have gone as far as I feel
authorized to go under the communication which 1
received from the Secretary of War on the subject.
If gentlemen will wait until this bill is disposed or,
and then act with me in taking up the bill author-
ber asked for by the Committee on Military Affairs.
I trust that these interruptions are now at an end,
and that I may be allowed briefly to express my
views on these amendments which have been in-
troduced.
After expressing his preference for the bill as it
originally stood, over both of the amendments,
Mr. H. proceeded to remark that, if either of these
propositions should be adopted, we should find our-
selves in possession of a standing army amount-
ing to some twelvo or fourteen thousand men.
Was this desired ? Did gentlemen intend to look
to a standing army for defence in ease the dire real-
ities which were anticipated in some quarters should
come to pass ? Did not they rather expect to rely
upon our citizen soldiers to be called into the service
as volunteers ? He hoped that nothing might arise
to create the necessity for such a call", but if it
should, the Committee on Military Affairs had re-
ported a bill to meet the contingency. In that event
they should propose to raise fifty thousand volun-
teers, or as many more as might he necessary. For
his own part, he would vote for one, two, three hun-
dred thousand, or a million, if necessary, to sustain
the rights of the country, or to vindicate its honor.
And he fVIt that this was much the better mode of
proceeding than to increase largely the standing ar-
my. Me did not make this remark with reference
to any increase of the army, nor to such as was pro-
posed by the original hill. And he referred to the
statements made yesterday by him, in his remarks,
(not. yet published,) showing the aggregate increase
of officers and men under llits bill to be 2,956. This
was no more than was requisite for the peace es-
tablishment, which was less than it had been in the
time of JefVernon or Madison.
What was the rooomnwnclntion of the President
in relationto the regimentsproposed tobe raised by
this bill? On the supposition that stockade forts
would be erected on the route to Oregon, the Pres-
ident. had recommended that an adequate force
should be raised to guard and protect, our emigrants
on their way to that territory. What did the
amendment of the gentleman from North Carolina
propose to do ? To add ten to twenty men, he be-
lieved, to the present existinir companies of infan-
try, dragoons, and artdlei v. And where wore these
forces, or two-thirds of them, nearly, at present?
Oil the Rio Grande, whence it was probable they
could not be withdrawn for some time to come. He
was rather inclined to think that an addition to that
service, rather than a decrease of it, might be re-
quired. But we had the specific, recommendation
of the President for at least one regiment for a par-
ticular service on the line of emigration. If gentle-
men were disposed to disregard this recommenda-
tion entirely, let them do so; it was their province
and their right. But that recommendation had
considerable weight with him in determining what
his course of action should be.
He regretted to be nnder the necessity of making
n remark in which lie apprehended there might be
too much truth, in regard to these two regiments.
He feared that some of the members of this House
might have been drawn aside from the strict line
of t heir course by the apprehension that the ap-
plications for commissions to these offices might
have been indelicately pressed. He intended no
reflection upon any man; but he would take occa-
sion to say, inasmuch as a number of applications
had been made to him for commissions in pros-
pect, that he had not felt at liberty to present one
of these applications to the President, because it
would be asking in advance a nomination for an
office in the creation of which he had himself to
give his vote. He wished to make this statement,
in order that those who had applied to him might
j understand that he had not submitted their appli-
I cations to the President; though, if the bill became
! a law, he should feci it his duty to present them.
■ If any feeling of this kind had operated on the
; minds of members, ho trusted that they would
j raise themselves above all such considerations,
i and that they would put upon the President the
1 responsibility of making selections as he thought
, the best interests of the country might require.
I He had yesterday submitted the reasons why he
i was in favor of this course, and why he was op-
i posed to the amendment of the gentleman from
j South Carolina, [Mr. Holmes,] which proposed
j that the officers should be selected from the line of
the army alone. He had no charge to bring
to the nation. But he thought that the discretion
of the selection should be loft with the Presiden .
Whatever opinions might be entertained on minor
* .i _ IrMnur that <hprp W.
points by gentlemen, he knew that there was on
f!oth sides of the House a disposition, if difficul-
ties were to ensue with any foreign Power, to
make all requisite preparation^to ^ipnded
question was as to the best mode. He(lPP«h®°X
that it did not consist m f Sfinitelv
standing army. He should therefore infimely
prefer the original bill, because it was bestcalcu^
lated to attain the desired object, and because
comported more with the recommendations of the
President and Secretary of War than either
tZir! 'tL^willThen knoTdefinMy^ number ji ^ainsul'ie army. On the contrary, fie thought it
asked for by the Secretary of War and the num- II had lately done much to commend itself favorably
amendments proposed. ,
Mr. McKAY said that when he was last on the
floor, he did not go into the merits of the question,
because he was under a pledge not to do it.
He believed there was a great misconception on
the part of many members of the House as to the
nature of the amendment he had offered. He wisft-
ed to make a brief explanation of it. It aid not
propose as large an increase of the standing army
as the bill of the Committee on Military Affairs.
That would effect an increase of about 2,900 men;
his amendment increased the rank and fife, getting
clear of all officers, only 9,600 men.
And by the second section, he proposed to give
contingent authority to the President, who knew
more about our foreign relations than the members
of this House could be supposed to know, to make
an increase, if lie thinks proper, to the amount sta-
ted. It was only a contingent authority, and onfy
to be exercised when emergency requires.
Mr. BOYD said, as he understood the recom-
mendations of the President, they were about these:
There was a distinct recommendation m reference
to an increase ef the standing; army under a certain
contingency. There was another recommendation
equally distinct in reference to the service on the
route to Oregon. He had thought they were about
meeting the recommendation of the President in the
passage of the bill from the Committee on Military
Affairs. He thought so still. By the increase of
the army, fis proposed by the gentlemen over the
way, [Mr. honoeupordand Mr. McKay,] ltseem-
ed to him (Mr. B.) that we could not meet, in the
best form, the recommendations of the President,
or the exigencies of the case.
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS inquired whether his
colleague—when he referred to the views of the
President—meant to be understood as having refer-
ence to the message or to those secret, confidential
communications of which they had heard ?
Mr. BOYD replied that he knew nothing of any
secret, confidential communications; he knew noth-
ing of the recommendations of the Executive or
anybody under him, except what the gentleman
was equally acquainted with, if he had looked into
tlie communications made from the Executive to
this House.
The very best force upon the Oregon line, he
believed, would be the acceptance of volunteer
regiments, with power to choose their own officers;
and he would make it their duty to carry the mail
across to Oregon. It would then be carried safely;
and whilst "a portion were thus engaged, and a
portion in the stockade forts proposed to be estab-
lished, they would furnish complete protection to
our emigrants to Oregon. He preferred the bill
from the Committee on Military Affairs to any of
the propositions offered in lieu thereof. He had
been of the opinion that one regiment was enough.
He still thought so; but he would vote for both
under the circumstances. He thought it. expedient
and proper that the President of the United States
should have the discretion to mount such portion
of them as in his opinion the service should require.
It was not his purpose to make a speech; and lie
would merely further express tlie hope that they
would vote down the various propositions, and
travel back to the original bill, and pass it.
In conclusion, Mr. B. demanded the previous
question.
The question was taken, and the demand was
seconded: ayes "Ik, noes 62.
And the main question was ordered to be now
^Mr. BRINKERHOFFasked the yeas and nays
on the main question; which were ordered.
Some conversation followed between Messrs.
G. S. HOUSTON, CULLOM, G. W. JONES,
and Hie SPEAKER, as to the effect of the vote on
the various pending propositions.
