554
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26.
to the notice of Senators individually. But they
were told that it was necessary to put an end to
the debate; that it was highly proper to have a
day fixed in their own minds for its termination.
That was a matter which he protested against.
And he would take occasion to say that, for one,
he was ready to vote now, and had been ready for
two or three weeks past. But when all who de-
sired it had had an opportunity to address the Sen-
ate, it would be time enough to take the rote.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE said he did not hold to
the expediency of adopting any artificial rule in
this case; when gentlemen had had the oppor-
tunity, which they ought to have, of addressing
the Senate, it would be time enough for the Sen^
ate to act. There were two Senators absent, and
he knew they would be extremely desirous of
being present when the vote was taken. The
Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Huntington ]
and the Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr. Sim-
mons,] the latter of whom, he believed, was desi-
rous of expressing his views on the subject, were
absent. Though he was desirous that the de-
bate should be brought to a close, yet he was also
desirous of giving to every gentleman an opportu-
nity of discussing the question if he desired it.
Mi. J1 A.iNI\rAN said il he had rightly un-
derstood the Senator from Ohio, and he was confi-
dent that he had, the Senator had proposed no rule
as he was lepn-sented by the Senator from Tennes-
see to have done. The'Senator from Ohio simply
suggested to the Senate the propriety of determin-
ing informally that on to-morrow week the ques-
tion should be taken. The Senator did not propose
to adopt a resolution or to fasten a rule upon the
Senate from which there should be no departure;
but he simply proposed, as an act of courtesy to
the Senators present and to those who were absent,
that the time for taking the vote should be known
beforehand, that no one might be taken unawares.
The Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Woodhkidge,]
suggested the abscnce of the Senator from Connec-
ticut. If the health of that Senator wore such as
to permit him to be present, he would have timely
notice; but if, as he had reason to believe, his health
would not admit of his attendance, was the action
of the Senate to be suspended on that account in a
matter of this kind ? He was not for preventing
any Senator from expressing his views, but he held
that the nine days which would intervene between
this morning and the day named by the Senator
from Ohio would be amply sufficient. There were
gentlemen on his side of the chamber who, though
they had spoken, would like to say more, but who
were willing to waive their privilege in order that
this protracted debate might he brought to a close.
He (bought it was due to the country that the Sen-
ate should come to some conclusion upon this sub-
ject.
THE OREGON NEGOTIATION.
The Senate then passed to the consideration of
the following resolution, introduced by Mr. J. M.
Clayton on the 3d instant:
Resolved, That the President of the United
Suites be requested to communicate to the Senate
copies of any correspondence that may have taken
place between the authorities of the United States
and those of Great Britain since the last document
transmitted to Congress, in relation to the subject
of the Oregon territory, or so much thereof as may
be communicated without detriment to the public
interest.
Mr. ALLEN moved that the resolution be laid
upon the table. He was not aware, he said, that
the passage of the resolution could be of any ad-
vantage to the public interests. Constant demands
of the Senate upon the Executive on this subject
seemed to imply something of distrust as to the
discretion of the Government—the President of
the United States—and it seemed to him would
have a bad effect upon the results of the question.
The Senate, no longer ago than four or five days,
passed a resolution calling on the Executive for a
disclosure of his opinion upon the fact whether or
not there existed any circumstances which, in his
judgment, demanded an increase in the naval and
military defences of the countiy; and if so, what
those circumstances were ? In answer to that
resolution, the President had made a commu-
nication to the Senate. And now, on the second
day after that comunication was made, it was to
be followed by another resolution calling on the
President for further disclosures, as if the Senate
were distrustful that something had been kept
back which the President was unwilling to com-
municate. He thought it was due to the public
interest that they should do nothing which would
have a tendency to weaken the moral influence
which might be supposed to be exerted by a be-
lief that there was harmony in their councils in
the arrangement of this great difficulty And he
thought that in this point of view, without refer-
ence to any other consideration, it was due to the
public interest that the matter should be allowed
to remain for the present where it was. He was
aware that the resolution contained the usual sa-
ving clause, submitting it to the judgment and dis-
cretion of the President whether the disclosures
should be made or not; but everybody knew the
effect of that clause was to force upon him the re-
sponsibility, after asking him a question, of with-
holding the answer. He thought it ought to be
fairly presumed that, after the President had in
his Annual Message communicated his views to
Congress, and after he had, in answer to the reso-
lution of the Senate, given the reasons for his
recommendation of additional defences; after all
this, he thought the Senate might fairly presume-
that if anything had transpired between the two
Governments which ought to be communicated to
Congress, he would have made the communication
without any special demand being made upon him.
He thought that fair and just reasoning- would en-
title the President to this conclusion. And with
this view, he moved to lay the resolution upon the
table; but temporarily withdrew the motion at the
request of
My. .T. M. CLAYTON, who said there was
nothing in the character of the resolution to lead
the gentleman to any such construction as he had
given to it. It, was in the usual form in which all
resolutions of inquiry were couched. It called
upon the President., in the most respectful terms,
to communicate to the Senate all such information
upon the subject as, in his judgment, it was not in-
consistent with the public interest to communicatc.
No more. And this resolution did not follow, as
the Senator from Ohio intimated, upon the heels
of the resolution of the Senator from New Jersey,
[Mr. Dayton,] which was adopted by the Senate
a week ago, asking the President whether it was
necessary for Congress to arm the country. This
resolution was proposed about a month ago, and
had no connexion under heaven with the resolution
of the Senator from New Jersey. The informa-
tion sought for by this one was not at all of the
same character as the information sought for by
that. How was it possible that the fact of the
President having answered the resolution of the
Senator from New Jersey superseded the necessity
of giving the information sough t for by this ? The
President had told them what, in his judgment,
was necessary to be done under the existing state
of things in regard to the national defences. It
was not proposed to put that question again, but
to ask whether, in his judgment, arty information
can be communicated in relation to the Oregon ne-
gotiation, consistently with the public interests?
Upon an important question like this, he was anx-
ious to obtain a vote that should be as nearly
unanimous as possible; for he thought it impor-
tant that the Senate should speak strongly. And
if anything had recently occurred which would
throw additional light on the subject, he was de-
sirous of obtaining it, if, in the judgment of the
President, it might be communicated without detri-
ment to the public interest.
But, the Senator from Ohio said the resolution
manifested a distrust of the President. He beg-
ged leave to tell that honorable Senator that the
mover of the resolution had expressed no such dis-
trust, and had felt none. Distrust of the Presi-
dent! How could the resolution imply distrust?
On the contrary, it confided everything to him; it
trusted the whole matter to his discretion It ask-
ed for such information only as in his judgment
might properly be given. This was not'implying
a want of confidence. On the contrary, it implied
great confidence. The resolution had been offered
a month ago; and did it follow, because, it happen-
ed at this time to come up in its order, that the
Senate distrusted or doubted the President? The
President had answered the resolution of the Sen-
ator from New Jersey fully, but this was upon a
different subject. This did not ask for information
in regard to national defences, but it asked, in a
respectful manner, whether, in the judgment of the
President, there was anything in the correspond'
ence which he could, without detriment to the
public interest, lay before the Senate. He regret-
ted to see the resolution opposed in. the quarter
from which opposition had come—from the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Relations. It
would seem to imply that, in the judgment of that
Senator, there was something behind, something
in the correspondence between the Government' of
this country and that of Great Britain which the
President would be bound to disclose, and which
the Senator seemed to think ought not to be dis-
closed. He did not desire that anything should
be improperly disclosed; but since the opposition
which had been raised by the Senator from Ohio,
he became the more convinced, and it became the
more important, that the resolution ought to be
adopted.
Mr. ALLEN said he had predicated his opposi-
tion to the passage of the resolution upon what he
believed would be the effect of it upon the country
and the world, aqd not upon what he supposed
would come before the Senate in case the resolu-
tion should be passed. He knew full well, indeed,
he might say he had personal reasons for know-
ing, that it was not the design of the mover of the
resolution to express any distrust of the President.
He said he had personal reasons for saying so, as
he believed he knew the generous feelings of that
Senator in relation to the President. He did not
intend to say that it was the design of the resolu-
tion, or of the Senate, or of a solitary member of
the Senate who might vote for its passage, that it
should produce this effect; but what he said was,
that he believed such would be the effect. The
passage of the resolution would create the appear-
ance that a distrust was entertained on the part of
the Senate towards the President of the United
States. Why, what was the state of the case?
At the opening of the session the President com-
municated in a full, free, frank, consistent manner,
the views entertained by him, and the course taken,
as far as related to the action of the Executive
Government. Subsequently to that time a call had
been made upon him in reference to the question
whether or not, in his judgment, any additional
precautionary defences of the country were neces-
sary; and, if so, upon what reasons that judgment
of his was predicated. Well, the honorable Sena-
tor says, and says truly, that his resolution was
upon the table when the other passed—that it was
there before the other was offered.
Mr. CLAYTON. Long before.
Mr. ALLEN. _ That's not the question. The
time of introduction of the resolution is not the
question at all. What is the fact? That on the
heels of the answer to the other resolution, this one
is called up. That is the state of the matter. Well,
if the Senate meant to repose faith and confidence
in their judgment of the Executive, why constant-
ly probe him with these resolutions, day after day ?
Why constantly put queries to him in relation to
this Oregon question, the whole of which is, by his
Message, put solely into our hands for the present
—so put by the express words of his Annual Mes-
sage? I ask again, is it fairly to be presumed, in
all these circumstances, that if anything had occur-
red which the President deemed proper for com-
munication to the Senate, and through the Senate
to the world, that he would not have made that
communication in answer to the resolution an-
swered but a day or two ago? That resolution
had reference expressly to the Oregon difficulty 
undoubtedly. Well, then, does it not indeed seem
to imply that the President in his answer to that
resolution kept something back, which he ought
to have disclosed, when this resolution is offered
but a day or two after the other was answered?
Ana it is the effect of such an impression which
1 deprecate as being prejudicial to the public
interests. I believe it would be so. What
have we heard from the honorable Senator him-
self—speaking with great sense and great judg-
ment, as he always speaks ?—Why, that he de-
sires unanimity. And for what purpose? In
order that in that unanimity may be manifested
the power of this Government in its intercourse
with foreign Governments. Well, then, it is the
moral effect of unanimity that the Senator de-
sires. ^ Will he destroy that by a movement here
implying that—not designedly, to be sure, but yet
implying—that there is anything else but una-
nimity; and amounting to the expression of sen-
atorial distrust of the Executive—a sort of intima-
