556
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26j.
navy. While the Senator from Michigan thus
discharged his duty by taking measures to prepare
the defences of the country, the Senator from
Ohio, at the head of the Committee on Foreign
Relations, proceeding, he supposed, on the belief
that war was inevitable, thought it his duty to pre-
pare the hearts of the people of the country for
the coming contest. All Congress seemed to be
in a belligerent spirit; and his friend from Dela-
ware [Mr. Clayton] felt it necessary to call for
an inventory of the ships in the navy, and the
number of guns in that of both England and Ame-
rica. The Committee on the Militia, which had
slept quietly for ten or twenty years, was roused
from its slumbers to make returns of how many
citizens of the United States could be arrayed and
called into the field. During all that time the situ-
ation of the commander-in-chief—of the President
of the United States—was of a very different char-
acter. He looked in that direction to see whether
there was any imminent danger likely to come
out of his measures; whether he recommended
any appropriations of money—whether the trum-
pet was sounding through the ranks a note of pre-
paration for the coming contest. But " not a drum
was heard, not a martial note." He looked at
those two great arms of the national defence,
the army and navy, but these departments were
as quiet and as peaceful as a Quaker meeting-
house. No preparation for war. The honorable
gentlemen at the head of the Navy Departmen-
was engaged in settling matters of etiquette bet
tween the officers, and malting war on the old tars
of the navy, while the honorable gentleman at the
head of the War Department was making re-
commendations to Congress to increase the army
for the puroose of conducting our emigrants to
Oregon. He looked to the Treasury Department,
where the sinews of war are kept, to see what was
going on there, expecting to find engineers, and
all sorts of scientific men computing what money
would be required in the first six months of that
war; but instead of that he found custom-house
officers, surveyors, and appraisers, considering
how far they could cut down the revenue supply
of the sinews of war. And thus, while the hon-
orable Senator from Michigan was looking to the
national defences, and the honorable Senator from
Ohio was preparing the hearts of the people for
war, the Executive, to say the least of it, was not
preparing to arm, and the Treasury was gently cut-
ting down the sinews of war. If war grew out of
that question it would be a sentimental war, for
there was nothing else to prepare the hearts of the
people for it.
During all that time the public naturally looked
to what is called the organ of the Executive, which
strongly reminded him of one of those instruments
to be found in taverns, which were played on by
every one. One morning it was the double drum,
lull of war's alarms—the next, it Warbled out qua-
vers and senii-quaveis, the notes of love and peace.
Thus the information derived from Washington by
the country was one day war, another peace, an-
other doubtful; until at last, men who had been
accustomed to resort to the court-house to hear the
news threw down the papers in disgust, and said
there would be no fight after all. Sir, that was the
position of tilings then: when all was doubtful, and
even the Senator at the head of the Committee on
Foreign Relations could give no certain informa-
tion—when the devoted friends of the President
could give no information—when the magicians and
soothsayers were all at fault—the honorable Sena-
tor from North Carolina [Mr. Haywood] was
brought in to explain the king's dream and read
the handwriting on the wall; and he rendered, cer-
tainly, great service to the country, although he
produced a little confusion among his own friends.
But the question came back to them: Where does
the Executive stand?—was that negotiation still
open and going on?—was that question still in
such a position as that it might be settled on the
basis of 49° by compromise and negotiation ?—or
had the President fallen back to his first love, as
expressed in his Inaugural Address, in which he
went for the whole of Oregon, and declared it our
right, and that lie would stand for it as part of the
country? His colleague a few days ago, for the
purpose of getting information to enable him to
vote understanding^ on the various propositions,
thought proper to put to the President a question
—whether there was anything in our foreign rela-
tions winch required, in his judgment, any increase
of our naval or military forces. He (Mr. M.) had
hoped that, in answer to that resolution, they
would be enabled to ascertain clearly the position
of the Executive. As far as it could be learned
from the Message, they must resort to construction
to get at his meaning. His (Mr. M.'s) conclusion
was, that if the Executive entertained the views
attributed to him by some gentlemen, if negotiation
was at an end, and compromise had ceased to be
thought of, if he intended to maintain the claim to
54° 40' to the point of war, his Message does not
contain anything to warrant that belief. He says,
in answer to the question proposed, it was neces-
sary to make some increase in our army and navy;
and the reason he gave was the nature of our rela-
tions with Mexico and Great Britain. If he un-
derstood right, the extent to which he recom-
mended an increase, was such as would be useful
in time of war, and not lost in time of peace—thus
leaving the question doubtful. But if the Presi-
dent, like many Senators and the country, enter-
tained the belief that war was to come out of that
question of notice, and the present position of ne-
gotiations, the President knew better than any one
else the position of that negotiation; and if war was
to come out of it, the President would be violating
his duty without proclaiming the danger. One ob-
servation further in regard to the Message. In
answer to the call, he had told the country that a
considerable increase of the army and navy was
necessary, and he seemed to urge on Congress im-
mediate action in malting the increase. It appeared
to lnm that the President, if he believed there was
anything in the circumstances of thA case to call
for such an increase as war would demand, he
ought to have given that information to the Senate
and the country, without being asked for it. If
there were circumstances connected with the foreign
relations requiring an increase in the army and
navy, it was the duty of the Executive to say so,
without its being called out by committees or reso-
lutions of that body.
His (Mr. M. 'ft) earnest desire was to see that
question settled honorably and peaceably, and as
became two great nations like Great Britain and
the United States. It was said that advantage might
be taken by Great Britain of the United States. All
such assertions he treated as idle. Great Britain
dare not take advantage of the United States, nor
dare the United States take advantage of Great
Britain on a question like that. No two honora-
ble men, understanding their rights in the settle-
ment of a question of that kind, ever feared that
one should take advantage of the other. He wanted
to see the question settled peaceably and speedily;
for unless it were settled speedily, new difficulties
would arise which it would be difficult to control,
until the whole country would become excited; and
therefore it was important to bring on a settlement
on any fair and honorable terms; and he was the
more anxious to settle it speedily, from having
heard it said that public opinion would settle it to
its own satisfaction, right or wrong. But this was
a Government of constitutional law, and he would
think it due to his countrymen to say that no con-
siderable portion of them would be found ready to
drag the matter out of the hands of the Govern-
ment, and dispose of it as they pleased. He was
aware there was a process then going on for the
purpose of manufacturing public opinion. It com-
menced at the Baltimore convention in the shape
of its resolutions, and it wjis to be found in the
party prints of the day, in toasts, in speeches made
at cross-roads, and in a new and peculiar form in
the city of Washington; this manufacture of public
opinion was going on by chalking " 54° 40"' on
the walls from one end of Pennsylvania avenue to
the other. It was to be seen, too, in resolutions of
dinner parties, in the mottoes of wax stamps on
letters. But he trusted that sort of public opinion
would not weigh with Government.
He had befoie said he desired to see the ques-
tion settled by peaceful negotiation, and to bring
that about, he would do almost anything consist-
ent with the honor and rights of the country, and
he was prepared to adopt such measures as should
be proposed for bringing about that end. He
confessed, however, that when the question was
first brought before Congress, he was against the
notice m any form. He supposed the position of
that question could never be better than it was at
the commencement of the present Administration,
for the purpose of adjusting it by negotiation and
compromise. That being his opinion, he supposed
the giving of the notice or putting an end to the
joint occupancy, might disturb the relations .be  
tween the two Governments, and that the best-po«
sition for bringing the question to a suefceasfatasd;-
final termination was to be found under the treaty
of joint occupation of 1827. If he could: be satis--
Bed that by giving, the notice, it would aid -the
President to bring that matter to a, final and honor-
able adjustment, he would go for it with ,a!i his
heart. If the President wanted it for the purpose
df settling the question, he would say take-it,- I
give it to you for what your friends say you want
it for. In that point of view he. would give the
notice into his hands, as he would give a-rdeadly
weapon to a neighbor, to use in self-defence, with
an injunction that he should use it, for that, and
no other purpose. But if after getting this weapon,
or notice, he should deceive him, and use it for
the purpose of war, then he should do so'om his.
own responsibility. He would give it for settle-
ment; if the President seized it for the purpose of
aggression, in that case the consequence should
rest with him. Having come to that conclusion,
he was willing to give the notice, provided it were '
accompanied by a declaration at the same time for
what purpose it was given. It was admitted on
all hands that they had territorial rights on the
northwest coast—rights that must be defended,
and rights that should be defended; and-he knew
no man in the United States, no matter of what
party, who was not willing to defend our na-
tional rights in Oregon in the manner they
thought they ought to be defended. But the
question was, what are those rights ? That was
the great point of difference between parties in
the Senate and elsewhere. They were-inchoate
rights—rights not yet reduced to possession, which
was the object of the notice; also'to extend over
that country the jurisdiction of our laws, to make
it a territory, to define its boundaries—that was
the great object of the notice. Well, the question
was as to the extent of those rights, and the manner
of maintaining them to that extent. That brought
up the question whether we had an exclusive
claim to the whole of the northwest coast. Both
countries were in possession; both were occupying
a vast extent of unappropriated, uninhabited coun-
try, not belonging to any civilized Government,
not defined by boundaries, under no Territorial
Government, and are considered as stilt to be set-
tled by the civilized nations of the earth. Now
the question was as to the extent of these claims
there. He (Mr. M.) considered that question
had been settled long ago by the American Gov-
ernment, on various occasions; and it was that
American title he meant to defend. He was not
to be told he was arguing against the title of his
country when he was striving to defend it to what
he believed its full extent. The man who claimed
beyond the title of his country was arguing against
it. Our title might be divided into two kinds:
one was a paper title to it, unaccompanied by
possession; the other as derived from Spain by the
Florida treaty. England had a paper-title also,-
which was derived from the admission of Spain,
that- she had no right to the exclusive possession
of the northwest coast. The history of her title
had been very ably given by the Senator from
New York, [Mr. Dix.] It was a title by dis-
covery, made in the fourteeenth century, when
she began to sail along the coast, which she con-
tinued to do for many years, looking at it, and
surveying it. But did Spain' ever perfect that
title, and make it such as to be recognised a,per-
fect title by the law of nations?-—and if so, to
what extent? The Senator from New York spoke
as if her title by discovery included the whole
coast; but when speaking of her making it good
by occupation and setttlement, he did not show
it was done beyond 49° 30'. He therefore came
to the conclusion, that although Spain had dis-
covered that coast, yet when she conveyed to
us ail her rights by the treaty of Florida, of
1819, she had no rights but those derived from
discovery, and a couple of locations on the coast,
not extending beyond 49° 30'. He therefore con-
tended, that under Spain we derived no exclusive
right to anything more than she possessed herself,
but merely inchoate rights, which may be perfect-
ed by settlement or appropriation. This country,
however, had rights there long before that treaty
was made, which, by the established law of na-
tions, were good, and which had been recognised'
by Great Bntain. Nov/-, suppose Spain, in 1819,
