558
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
terminate in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union this day at three o'clock.
Mr. G. DAVIS moved that the resolution be
laid on the table.
Mr. DROMGOOLE asked the yeas and naya;
which were ordered.
Mr. COBB asked for the reading of the resolu-
tion; which was read.
The question, " Shall the resolution be laid on
the table ?" was then taken, and decided in the
negative, as follows:
YF.AS—Messrs. Abbott, John Qtiincy Adams, Arnold
Ashmun, Baker, Barringer, Bell, Blanehard, William w'
Campbell, John H. Campbell, Carroll, Cocke, Collamer
Cranston, Ciozier, Culver, Garrett Davis, Delano, De Molt'
Dillingham, Dicon, John H. Ewina, Foot, Giddings Gra-
ham, Gnder, Grinnell, Hampton, Herrick, Hllliard, Hou"h
John W. Houston, Samuel D. Hubbard, Hudson, Washing?
ton Hunt, Joseph R. lngersoll, Daniel P. King, Thomas
Butler King, Lewis, Levin, McGaugliey, McHenry, Mell-
vaine, Mai>h, Miller, Moseley, Niven, Pollock, Rhett, Ju-
lius Rockwell, Root, Hunk, Sawyer, Seaman, Severance
Simpson, Truman Smith, Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith
Stewart, Strolim, Thibodcaux, Trumbo, Vinton, White'
Wiuthrop, Woodi uff, Woodworth, Wright, and Young—70.
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Anderson, Hedinner
James A. Black, Boyd, Brmkerhoff, Broekenbrough, Win.
(3. Brown, Burt, Cathcart, Keuben Chapman, Chase, Chip-
man, Clarke, Cobb, Collin, Cullom, Cummins, Cunning-
ham, Daniel, Diuragli, J. Davis, Dobbin, Douglass, Drom-
eoole, Dunlap, Ellsworth, Erdman, Faran, l'ickhu, Giles,
Goodyear, Gordon, Hamlin, Haralson, Henley, Hogc, Isaac
K. Holmes, Hopkins, Geoige S. Houston, F.dmund W.
Hubanl, Hungcifoid, James li. Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll,
James H. Johnson, Andrew Johnson, Seaborn Jones, Pres-
ton King, Lawrence, Leake. La Sere, Ligon, Lumpkin,
MeClean, McClelland, McConnell, Joseph J. McDowell,
James McDowell, McKay, Barkley Martin, Morse, Moul-
ton, Parrish, Payne. Porull, Perry, Pettit, Phelps, Ratli-
Imn, Reid, Relfe, Ritter, Roberts, Sawtelle, Scammon,
Alexander D. Sims, Leonard H. Sims, Thomas Smith,
Robert Smith, Stanton, St. John, Sykes, Tliomassori,
James Thompson, Thurman, Tibbatts, Tiedwav, Went-
worth, Wheaton, Wick, Williams, Wilmot, Wood, Wood-
ward, Yancey, Yell, and Yost—98.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
And the question recurring on its adoption,
Mr. RATHBUN moved to amend it by substi-
tuting three o'clock to-morrow for three o'clock
to-day.
And the question being taken, the vote stood—
ayes 73, noes 81.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question again recurring on the adoption of
the resolution,
Mr. joseph J. McDowell asked the yeas
and nays, which were refused.
And then the resolution was adopted.
On motion of Mr. G. S. HOUSTON, the House
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, Mr. Preston King, of New
York, in the chair.
Mr. SAWTELLE rose, and asked leave of the
House to make an explanation, which being grant-
ed, he said: The honorable member from Alabama,
[Mr. Payne,! >n h's remarks of yesterday, alluded
to the select committee which was raised a few
weeks since, by order of the House, with instruc-
tions to investigate and inquire into the alleged
abuse of members in the sale of books, documents,
&c., and expressed his hopes that the zeal of the
committee had in no degree abated.
Had I been in my seat at the time, from which
I was temporarily absent, I should have given the
gentleman the information which I now desire to
do. The committee, of which I have the honor to
be chairman, have had the subject under consider-
ation, but are not yet prepared to report to the
House. The powers granted to said committee
are very extensive, and impose a task which can-
not be accomplished in a day, or a month, but re-
quires time. The resolution also directs the com-
mittee to report what order ought to be taken in
relation to books and documents, now in posses-
sion of the Clerk of the House. Upon inquiry,
the committee have ascertained that a large num-
ber of books, consisting of odd volumes and bro-
ken sets of various works, have accumulated, to
an alarming extent, in and about the Capitol, and
they have instructed the librarian to make an in-
ventory of the same, for the inspection of the
committee. That service had not yet been com-
pleted, although the librarian was diligent in his
labors to do so.
I know, sir, that it is a thankless office to be
compelled to inquire into the sins and disorders of
others, and often subjects the persons necessarily
engaged in it to the charge and imputation of pos-
sessing a cynical terfiper. But however disagree-
able it may be, I believe that your committee will
honestly, fearlessly, and religiously discharge their
duty. Knowing full well the warmth and energy
with which my honorable friend from Alabama ever
and always espouses and investigates every subject
submitted to him for his consideration, whether in
the House or the committee-room, I will, with
great frankness, assure him, that if he can, in the
least degree, accelerate the movements of the com-
mittee, I will ask to be excused from further ser-
vice upon the same, and request of the House, as
a particular mark of favor, that my friend may be
substituted in my stead,
Mr. PAYNE said, I hope not, sir. If, upon ex-
amination, it should be ascertained that no case
had occurred in which members had sold the books
given to them by Congress, and pocketed the pro-
ceeds, I cannot consent to deprive my honorable
and esteemed friend of the pleasure he must derive
from announcing the fact to the country, and there-
by vindicating Congress from existing suspicions
of its integrity.
If, upon the other hand, it should be found that
members had actually sold the books thus obtain-
ed, he desired to be spared the mortification the
duty of announcing the fact would occasion him.
He felt fully sensible his friend would be pained,
deeply pamed, if the examination should criminate
any one. But he (Mr. P.) felt fully sensible that
his honorable friend would also discharge his whole
duty under any and till circumstances.
Mr. McCONNELL moved to lay aside the bill
under consideration yesterday, with a view to take
up the bill to give to every man, maid, and widow,
160 acres of land.
The motion was rejected.
And the committee resumed the consideration of
the bill to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
for certain objects made for the service of the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 1846.
Mr. COBB gave notice of the following amend-
ment which he intended to offer at the end of the
69th line, and which was read for information:
" And that the proper accounting officers of the
treasury are hereby authorized and directed to
allow to W. H. Stiles, charge d'affaires to Austria,
his salary from the 10th day of May to the 30th
day of June, 1845, and to pay the same out of any
unexpended balance of the appropriations for sala-
ries of the charges d'affaires of the United States."
Mr. C. briefly explained the object of the amend-
ment, stating that it had the approbation of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and that the pro-
priety of it was sustained by a letter from the Sec-
retary of State.
Mr. MelLVAINE rose and commenced to speak
to an item appropriating $630,000 for transporta-
tion of troops anil military supplies, the purchase
of horses and military equipments, and various
other expenses attending the transportation of the
army to Texas, and supplying its necessities after
arrival in Texas.
Mr. DROMGOOLE inquired if the committee
had reached the item on which the gentleman was
addressing the House ?
The CHAIRMAN said the gentleman had a
right to speak to the item.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said it was not in order to
speak to the item unless some motion was made in
relation to it.
Mr. MelLVAINE said that the item had been
spoken to in debate yesterday; but, to remove all
difficulty, he would move to strike it out.
Mr. MelLVAINE then remarked that the ap-
propriation which he had moved to strike out was
to cover the expense of the " military occupation
of Texas." He was opposed to it because the
expense was incurred without the authority of
law. It was the unauthorized act of the President.
Texas was not a State of the Union at the time this
expense was incurred by the marching of troops
into her territory. He referred to the valedictory
address of President Jones and the inaugural ad-
dress of Governor Henderson, delivered at Austin
on the 18th of February last, to show that on that
day Texas passed from a Republic to a State of the
Union. Previous to that time Texas was recog-
nised by the American Government as an indepen-
dent State, her revenue laws were in full force, and
the commercial relations of the two countries were
as with other independent Governments. The Pres-
ident had no more right (said Mr. Mcl.) to send
an army into Texas, before it became a State of
the Union, than he had into Canada, Cuba, or any
other friendly country. He knew that, as com-
mander-in-chief of the army, he had the right to
dispose of it as he deemed the safety and interests
of the country should require; but m the exercise
of this power he was limited, in time of peace at
least, to the bounds of the Union.
But (continued Mr. Mcl.) suppose Texas had
been a State of the Union, there could have been
no necessity for military protection to her. Accord-
ing to the arguments of the friends of annexation,
one of the strong objections urged against annexa-
• tion was, that, bv bringing Texas into the Union,
we should adopt her wars. How was it met?
That she had no wars; that the Mexican war upon
Texas was but a " paper war," and had so been
for the last seven years.
Mr. Mcl. read from the President's Message to
show that the Union had been " peacefully ex-
tended."
It had been said that Texas would add strength
to the country; that it was necessary for the "pro-
tection of the southwestern frontier." This argu-
ment was advanced he believed by General Jack-
son, and it had been reiterated upon this floor and
elsewhere; and yet the first act of your Govern-
ment, after the process of annexation had com-
menced, was to fortify Texas with the whole dis-
posable military and naval force of the country.
The whole northern, western, and southwestern
frontier was literally stripped of its defences to af-
ford protection to Texas: so that that which was to
give strength to the country required the entire
strength of the country to defend it.
Mr. Mcl. here referred to the remark of the
President in his Message, that annexation " was
the deliberate homage of each people to the great
principles of our Federative Union"—that " the
jurisdiction of the United States had been peace-
fully extended to the Del Norte." Deliberate hom-
age of each people ! What are the facts? A large
part of the province of New Mexico, with its cap-
ital, Santa Fe, lies east of the Del Norte, and em-
biaces a portion of the very people who, according
to the President, arc paying " deliberate homage"
to the great principles of our Union. And yet
these very people are now represented in the Mex-
ican Congress.
Mr. Mcl. denied that there ever had been a
Texan settler on the Del Norte, and referred to the
report of the Secretary of War to show that the
settlements on that river were Mexican, and not
Texan, and so acknowledged by our Government.
He referred to the existence of Mexican laws in
Santa Fe, and the collection of duties upon mer-
chandise imported from the United States, collected
by Mexican officers under Mexican laws. He
also quoted a letter written by a citizen of Texas
to New Orleans in July last, in which the writer
sayst " The old boundary was the Nueces, and its
line is within thirty miles of San Antonio; the dis-
tance thence to the Del Norte varies from 200 to
300 miles." * * * " We thought it better for
Texas to occupy that position before annexation."
Texas thought it better to plunder Mexico of a
part of her territory before annexation, and ask us
nnly to protect her in the possession of her plun-
dered property.
Mr. Mcl. repeated that Texas did not extend to
the Del Norte, and the President, in ordering the
army to its banks, was invading Mexico. And if
the country shall be plunged in war, with its rivers
of blood and its millions of debt: it will be for
what? Let Texans themselves answer. The let-
ter to which he had already referred contained these
words: " Unless we occupy that river (the Del
Norte) there is no locality for slaveswe$t of the Colora-
do." Here we have  the express admission that
it is to sustain slavery and slave labor.
Mr. Mcl. said he had opposed the annexation
of Texas, not only because he believed it to be un-
constitutional in substance and in form, but be-
cause it was avowedly and designedly to support
and extend slavery. H& denied that there was
any power in the Government to- tax the people of
the free States for its support. The South could
enjoy it, if they chose, to their hearts' content: the
North would deprecate the evil, but it would not
it could not interfere; but it would not consent to
be taxed for its support.
We have been tofe (said Mr. Mcl.) that Texas
would "bring wealth to the North." What is
the prospect? More than half the public bills
which have been passed during the present session
nave been m relation to Texas: all of which re-'
quire expenditure of money immediately or pros-,
pectively. One of these was a post-route bill; it
