1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
559
was but a skeleton, and would have ultimately to
be extended over the whole country. What has
experience shown in relation to this matter? By
a report of the Postmaster General, made in the
year 1833, it appears that the cost of transporting
the mail in the slave States over and above the
amount paid by them into the treasury for postage
during that year amounted to $577,290, whilst the
free States paid into the treasury for the same time
an excess of ^245,442. By another report of that
officer, made for the year 1841, there appears a
deficiency in the South in like manner amounting
to $603,303, and an excess in the North of $343,-
964, showing a deficiency for the slave States of
about $600,000 a year, which has to be paid out
of the treasury of the people, half of which is paid
by the people of the free States in postage. Why
is this so ? Is there anything in the geography of
the country ? Anything in the climate > In a pre-
ponderance of old States North and of new States
South? Neither, neither! It is the blight of sla-
very hanging over your land, and we are now ask-
ed to submit to further taxation for its support;
for no one will pretend to say that the new State
of Texas will be a better customer than her old
sisters.
Mr. MoT. then referred to the public lands, and
said that he had not the documents before liim
to show the fact, but it lmd been stated upon that
floor and in the public prints, and ho believed had
never been denied, that while the northern States
had paid into the treasury an excess over expend-
itures of about forty millions of dollars, the South
showed a deficiency of an equal amount. If, then,
this statement bo true, as ho believed it was, the
whole public domain, as far as it had been disposed
of, had been absorbed by the South.
1 fe had undertaken to show, on a former occa-
sion, that there were no public lands ill Texas
proper, and that if any be obtained tlicy must be
either wrongfully wrested from Mexico or finally
yielded tip.
How long, asked Mr. McT., is this expense to
continue? Indian titles are yet to be extinguished;
the Indians themselves are yet to be removed from
the State; Mexicans are to be driven from the soil,
probably at. the cost of a war; Southern planters
arc to be piotc< ted in the occupation of the valley
of the Rio del Norte; and all this to siiHtain slavery
and slave labor. Hut (continued Mr Mel,) you
may be told by the, honorable chainimn of the
Committee of Ways and Means that the money
is already expended: that " the faith of the (Juv-
ernment is pledged,'' as in the case of the Indian
bill.
Sir, said Mr. Mcl.,tlie Constitution has placed
the purse-strings of the counti y in the, hands uf the
Representatives of the people. " No money shall
be drawn from the treasury hot in consequence of
appropriations made bylaw." What does this
mean > Does it imply discretionary power iri Con-
gress to judge of the merits of appropriations which
it is called upon to make, or a positive obligation
to meet all expenditures made m advance by the
President? Does not the latter place the treasure
of the nation at the unlimited control of the Presi-
dent? Does it not emphatically unite the purse
with the sword ?
Where are the trusty sentinels now who watch
with so much jealousy the accumulation of power
in the Exe.cutive head ? Where tire the strict con-
structionists who cannot find power in the Consti-
tution to improve harbors, clear our rivers, and
protect the labor of the country ? Can they con-
sent to this unwarrantable assumption of power,
this reckless disregard of constitutional obliga-
tions?
He protested against this unconstitutional ex-^
penditure of the people's money, in the name of
the freemen whom he represented—in the name
of humanity and justice—in the name of the Con-
stitution. He would warn gentlemen that, in the
present progress of public opinion in the North,
every attempt they made to impose upon them
new burdens for the support of slavery would
knock another stone from its foundation. Public
opinion, said Mr. Mcl., is but beginning to move.
The people of the North are an industrious, a la-
borious, a patient people; but continue to trespass
upon their rights, involve them more and more m
the support of an institution which they abhor and
contemn; squander millions for its support and de-
fence- whilst your rivers and harbors go unim-
proved, whilst thousands of your fellow-citizens
perish in watery graves for the want of safe har-
bors and the removal of river obstructions; strike
down the tariff by the aid of Texian votes, and
you but hasten public opinion to its final conclu-
sion. It is already aroused upon this subject.
Look at New Hampshire; that State, which but
a year ago was pointed to by one of its distin-
guished citizens, (then a member of this House,)
in connexion with this Texas question, as the only
Northern State which could withstand the force of
public opinion, has been the first to fall.
The people are inquiring into their constitution-
al rights and liabilities; and when their mind is
made up, they will take their stand upon the exact
line of the Constitution, and there they will stand
or perish m its ruins.
The Constitution has been violated, broken up.
A foreign Government and a foreign people have
been brought into the Union; or rather a new
Union litis been formed, with a foreign Govern-
ment and foreign people, by joint resolution passed
by a bare majority of Congress. It remains yet
to be seen whether the friends of the Constitution
will suffer this blotch to remain upon its hitherto
fair face, or whether they will wipe it off by a re-
peal of the unconstitutional law.
Mr. P.ROCKENBROUGH gave notice of, and
explained the necessity for, an amendment which
he should offer when in order, for the purpose of
transferring a part of an appropriation made at the
last session of Congress for the purpose of paying
the. expenses of the Legislative Council of Florida.
None of this appropriation had been expended,
lie wished to transfer that appropriation, or so
much of it as was necessary, (for he believed but
a small part would be necessury,) to pay arrearages
to persons for services rendered under the laws of
the United States, (which made it a debt due from
the United States,) in prior Legislative Councils of
Florida. The, Legislative Council of Florida had
the privilege, by law of the United States, of sit-
ting seventy days; hut the act of Congress only
made appropriations for fifty days. The very fact
of the Territory going into a St;11e obliged them to
sit longer-—to sit sixty-live days—at an expense
beyond the amount of appropriations provided foi.
Tile services had actually been rendered, the debt
was due. He sent up the amendment to the
Clerk's tabic, where it was read for information.
Mr. DOUGLASS, in reply to Mr. McIlvaine,
recurred at, some length to the history of the an-
nexation of Texas, and to the accompanying meas-
ures, especially vindicating the action of our Gov-
ernment in sending into that, territory the army of
occupation, which was designed (he said) as a
precautionary measure—a measure of defence
against threatened hostilities of Mexico, and with
no intention of making an aggressive movement
on Mexico. The State of Texas had accepted the
terms of our resolution; and the union, although
the formalities had not all been gone through with,
was substantially, and to all intents and purposes,
complete; and Texas was as much entitled to the
defence of the General Government as any State
of this Union. The compact was formed, was ir-
revocable, and was binding upon every man in this
Union, whether he, before that time, was for or
against the annexation. But it was immaterial
Whether the compact was complete or not. If our
Government had seen fit to make the proposition
of annexation to Texas, and, by that means, had
brought, down upon her an invasion, it was our
duty to defend her. Mr. 0. paid a high tribute
to the sagacity, the promptness, and efficiency with
which the movement had been characterized, both
on the part of the Executive who had planned and
directed, and of the officers and soldiers who had
executed, and were still engaged in this service.
Mr. D. digressed briefly into the merits of the
annexation policy, and spoke of it as a measure
which had worked out its own vindication m all
sections of the country. It was a great measure,
which appealed toall ourinterests,alike commercial,
agricultural, and manufacturing; which was an im-
portant step towards driving Great Britain from
the continent, and which, in all its results, would
promote the glory and honor of our Republic. In
no district in the country could the people now be
appealed to against it with any hope of success,
unless it was by working upon their passions and
prejudices. In this connexion, he spoke in terms
of strong reprobation and contempt of the man-
ner in which the subject of slavery had been drag-
ged in upon this and upon other occasions by a
few members of the House—no matter what the
subject under consideration—for the purpose of
making political capital at the North. He consid-
ered it a species of demagogism, to enable men to
get into Congress who otherwise never would oc-
cupy seats here. .
[In this portion of his remarks, Mr. D. yielded
for explanation to Mr. GIDDINGS, and on a
point of order to Mr. CULVER.]
He came from a free State; but he believed this
agitation could do no good, but, on the contrary,
harm to all sections of the country, as well as to
the slave himself, and tended to keep up heart-
burnings and jealousies between the North and
South. He had no favor to the fanatics upon either
extreme, for he believed them about equally fa-
natical. Were these frequent inflammatory ap-
peals, this lugging in the subject of slavery, and
connecting it with the tariff, with the river and har-
bor bill, ifec., and all these movements on the part
of abolitionists, intended to prepare the people of
the Norths by exciting their jealousies, for a com-
bination to dissolve this Union? He had recently
seen that petitions had been presented to the Le-
gislature of a northern State in favor of a dissolu-
tion of the Union. He repeated his regiet that
the member from Pennsylvania, or that any other
member, had felt it his duty to connect this subject
with any measures which were dear to him, (Mr.
D.) But if the question of the improvement of
rivers and harbors was to be sacrificed, or be re-
quired to join in this fanaticism, this insidious
attempt to excite one part of the Union against an-
other, they would find him condemning every com-
bination of that kind, for the purpose of preserving
the peace, harmony, and durability of the Repub-
lic. He should listen with no complacency to any
such threats or intimations. For one, he intended
to vote to reduce the tariff, and all he feared was
that the committee would not bring in a bill that
would go far enough. He intended, furthermore,
to continue to vote for river and harbor improve-
ments, and his southern friends upon the other side
could not drive him from it so long as the measure
was within the provisions of the Constitution and
the wants of the country.
Mr. D. touched upon other points, in the course
of his remarks, further giving-way to Mr. McIL-
VAINE for explanations.
Mr. STANTON gave notice of an amendment
he intended to offer, and explained it in a few
words.
Mr. McKAY obtained the floor, with a view
(as he expressed) of making some explanations of
various items of the bill.
Mr. CHIPMAN (and others who were contest-
ants for the. floor) raised the point of order that
Mr. McKay, having spoken once, had no right to
the floor again while others wished to speak.
A scene of confusion and disorder followed,
which was finally terminated by Mr. McILVAlNE
offering to withdraw his amendment, and Mr. Mc-
KAY waiving his claim to the floor.
Mr. G. DAVIS was next recognised by the
Chair, and occupied the floor during most of his
hour, taking a wide range of discussion. He first
protested against the hof haste with which this bill
was being pressed through under the conduct of
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means. A bill appropriating (as he computed)
nearly two millions, and sought to be passed by the
committee in two days. Connecting this with the
military bills, and the recommendations in refer-
ence to an increase of military defences, received
by the military committee from the Executive de-
partment, and not presented to the House, he ask-
ed the honorable gentleman near him, [Mr. Burt,]
and the committee, whether the committees of this
House were the organs of this House or the or-
gans of the Government ? By what right did the
Committee on Military Affairs of this House keep
up a confidential communication with the Execu-
tive department, and refuse to give to the House
the information which they received ?
Mr. BURT said the communication alluded to
yesterday was made without the solicitation of the
committee, and from the impulse of the Secretary
of War himself.
Mr. DAVIS said the point which he made was
that any official communication involving the in-
terests of the country, and a large expenditure of
money, coming from the Executive branch of the
Government, and reposed in the knowledge of a
member of this committee for the recommendation
