560
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March "26.
of that committee to the House for its adoption,
was not and could not become a subject of confi-
dence to be withheld from the House.
Mr. HARALSON said he would aslc the gen-
tleman, [Mr. Davis,] as he had been propound-
ing questions to members of the Committee, on
Military Affairs, to express to him and to the
House whether if he [Mr. D.] were the recipient
of a confidential communication from any depart-
ment of the Government, with the express decla-
ration that its publicity would work detriment-
ally to the public interests, he would feel himself
at liberty to make it public at the interrogation of
any member of this House? He would take oc-
casion to state that, when that communication was
received "by him as chairmain of the Committee
on Military Affairs, it was promptly submitted to
the committee while in session, and read before
them; and it was the opinion of the committee
then that it ought not to be made public, as it con-
tained facts in relation to the defences of the coun-
try that ought not to be published to the world;
for he concurred in the opinion expressed by the
head of one of the bureaus, that the information
which it contained would be most eagerly sought
by any Government designing hostilities against
this country, or looking to the probability of their
occurreneee at a future day. The whole of it
should be made public, if the House should so
order. He took occasion, however, to say that he
thought parts of it would be entirely improper to
publish.
Mr. DAVIS, in reply, said, as a private indi-
vidual, he would feel himself bound to keep secret
any confidential communication to him; but when
an official communication from the executive
branch of the Government was made to him as a
member of a committee for the action of that com-
mittee and of the House, as a Representative of the
people he would not receive it in confidence, and
he would think that by so receiving it he would
violate his duty to his constituents and to the
country.
Mr. HARALSON (Mr. Davis again yielding
the floor) said that no action which had taken
place in the House at all had any relation to the
information which had been obtained; and before
action was proposed upon any measure which
had been recommended, and which had relation to
that communication, such parts of it as it was prop-
er to make public should most certainly be com-
municated to the House.
Mr. DAVIS said he was not arguing this case
particularly, but had reference to the great principle
involved with reference to the practice of the House
and its mode of doing business; and he maintained
that no communications from the Executive could
be made to this House except through the Speaker
of the House.
Mr. HARALSON said the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs had received no communication from
the Executive at all. All the communications re-
ceived were from the Secretary of War; and this
was nothing but the usual practice. It was expect-
ed that the heads of committees should confer freely
with the heads of the different departments.
Mr. DAVIS considered it, although coming nom-
inally and immediately from the department, in
fart, a communication from the Executive; and he
referred to the message of the President to the Sen-
ate a day or two since, in which the President, in
so many words, had declared his approval and
sanction of the recommendations of his officers;
and he protested against this practice, which had
surreptitiously grown up in this Government for
the last fifteen or twenty years, of important com-
munications bearing on the legislation of the coun-
try, being made from the Executive to the com-
mittees of Congress.
He also complained that the estimates for this
bill were not regularly laid before Congress at the
commencement of the session, and urged that the
President should have taken the responsibility of
boldly and openly before the country asking for
this appropriation of money, and that it should not
be attempted, under a bill " to supply deficiencies"
in the appropriations, to get through this large
amount without printed estimates, or without its
being fairly brought out to the House and the
country.
Mr. McKAY said the estimates were all printed.
Mr. DAVIS. When ?
Mr. McKAY. When the bill was reported.
Mr. DAVIS further complained of the want of
lime that was given for deliberation upon this bill,
and read various items, each of which he consider-
ed worthy of calm investigation.
Mr. S. JONES inquired of the geutleman how
long the Whig majority of the Twenty-seventh
Congress allowed for the consideration of the re-
peal of the Sub-Treasury ? If he mistook not, it
was pressed through without any debate what-
ever.
Mr. DAVIS said that was a different matter, and
had been, year after year, before Congress and the
people. But supposing the Whigs had done wrong,
it was no justification for wrong now on the part of
the party now in power.
Mr. JONES. Did you vote for the passage of
that bill in such haste ?
Mr. DAVIS was understood to reply that he
did.
Mr. JONES. Then you cannot complain now.
Mr. DAVIS repeated that that was not an anal-
ogous case ; it was not upon a bill asking appro-
priations of upwards of $2,000,000.
After other remarks, Mr. D. passed on to the
inquiry relative to the fact of similar communica-
tions having been made from the Executive de-
partment to the Committee on Naval Affairs as had
been laid before the Military Committee, and he
inquired of its chairman (Mr. Holmes) whether
he considered himself instructed by any confiden-
tial communication the Executive had made from
answering the House when asked ?
Mr. HOLMES replied that he considered him-
self and the committee as the organ of the House,
and as its chairman he would receive no confiden-
tial communication, if offered to him, which he
would not reveal to the House.
Mr. DAVIS inquired what increase of the navy
was recommended by the department?
Mr. IIOLMES said, in reply to a resolution of
the Committee on Naval Affairs, asking what addi-
tion to the navy the exigencies of the country re-
quired, the Secretary of the Navy made a report
in which he recommended ten steamers, speaking
generally of other means of defence, butmaking no
other specific recommendation. He would state,
also, that the committee considered that communi-
cation as very unsatisfactory; and, accordingly, his
friend from Georgia, [Mr. King,] whose interest
in the navy was perfectly well known, and whose
zeal manifested itself on every occasion to promote
the interests of that arm of our defence, felt himself
bound to call upon the Secretary of the Navy, and
ask him for estimates, and a more specific account
of what measure he considered necessary; for really
the committee were at a loss to tell, from the com-
munication of the Secretary of the Navy, whether
anything more than ten steamers was demanded.
The Secretary sent them no further communica-
tion; but told tlmt gentleman that there was before
the Senate committee a communication fiom the
heads of the bureaus, and when he received the
papers again he would transmit them; accordingly,
after several days, the papers were transmitted,
without any communication, verbal or written,
i from the Secretary of the Navy, leaving them in
1 doubt whether the recommendation of the bureau
for a great augmentation of the navy, both in ves-
sels and men, had the sanction of the department.
And those papers he (Mr. H.) did feel himself
bound, with the assent of the committee, to lay be-
fore the House; whether the House would think
proper or not to make them public by printing
would be for them to determine. Rut the com-
j mittee felt it to be their duty to lay them before the
House, as they were the organ of the House, not
of the Administration, and let the House act as
they pleased upon them. He called upon his
friend, [Mr. King,] to sanction what he had said.
Mr. KING rose to respond to the appeal but—
Mr. HOUSTON and Mr. DROMGOOLE rose
to order, and insisted upon Mr. Davis's proceed-
ing, or yielding the floor altogether.
Mr. DAVIS accordingly resumed, and conclud-
ed his remarks.
About five minutes remained of the time allotted
to debate.
Mr. DROMGOOLE obtained the floor and made
a few humorous remarks in reply to Mr. Davis,
I which elicited very general merriment throughout
I the House. He inquired if there was any part of
j the bill which Mr. D. would vote against; to which
1 receiving (as was understood by the reporter) a
; negative reply, he considered that a very good an-
1 swer to the gentleman's speech of nearly an hour
against the bill. He also referred to the faet-that
the bill, instead of being sjn-wig upon the House,
was reported on the 03d of February, and had
been open to the examination of every member
from that time.
Mr. DAVIS said it was the cloge.of the debate
so suddenly of which he complained.-
Mr. DROMGOOLE insisted that the gentleman
had said that the bill was sprung upon them. But
if the gentleman had read and examined the. bill,
he ought to be competent at all times to vote upon
it, whether the House were or not. He consid-
ered all that his friend had said relative to the tariff,
the Documentary History, the British interest,
British Whigs, &c., although they might be very
good ad captandum arguments, wholly irrelevant to
the bill; and again asked the gentleman, if there
was any part of the bill against whieli he would
vote, to inform the House.
No reply was heard at the left of the Speaker.
Mr. CHIPMAN, in the minute and a half re-
maining, urged that the officers and soldiers who
had done duty in Texas, should be paid, and even
if the Executive had exceeded his constitutional
authority in ordering them there, that the punish-
ment should not be visited upon the gallant poor-
paid soldier.
The hour of three having arrived—
The CHAIRMAN announced that the debate
had (in pursuance of the order of the House of this
day) terminated, and that the committee would
proceed to vote.
Mr. RATHBUN moved that the committee rise.
Mr. S. JONES raised the point of order, wheth-
er the committee could now rise under the order
of the House ?
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order.
And the question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Rathbun, the vote stood—ayes 8], noes 76.
So the committee rose and reported progress.
Mr. BRODHEAD suggested the propriety of
calling the committees for reports.
A message was received from the Senate, inform-
ing the House that that body had passed*® bill au-
thorizing the Secretary of the Navy to contract for
the purchase of American water-rotted hemp for
the use of the navy.
Mr. RATHBUN said he rose to a privileged
question. He moved to reconsider the vote by
which the House had resolved that the debate on
the bill to supply deficiencies in appropriations
should terminate to-day.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF inquired whether the
gentleman voted in the affirmative on that resolu-
tion ?
Mr. COBB asked the yeas and nays on the mo-
tion to reconsider, which were subsequently or-
dered.
Mr. ISAAC E. HOLMES asked the House to
take up and dispose of the bill which had just
been reported from the Senate. It was very im-
portant to the hemp-growers, and had been acted
upon in the Senate out of the regular order of*
business.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF rose to a point of order.
He wished to know whether the gentleman who
made the motion to reconsider had voted in the
affirmative.
Mr. RATHBUN was understood to say, that,
after having voted for his own amendment, which
was rejected, he had voted for the adoption of the
resolution.
The question, " Shall the vote be reconsidered?"
was then taken, and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John Q. Adams, Arnold, Ash-
mun, Baker, Bamnger, Bell, Milton Brown, Burt, William
W. Campbell, Carroll, Cocke, Cranston, Crozier, Culver,
Darragb, Garrett Davis, Delano, De Mott, Diaoi;, Dockerv,
Ellsworth, John H. Ewins, Edwin H. Ewins, Foot, Gentrv
Giddmfrs, Graham, Grider, Grmnell, Hampton, Harper. He'r-
nck, Hilliaid, Isaac E. Holmes. Housll, John W. Houston
Samuel D. Hubbard, Hudson. Washington Hunt, Joseph li".
Jngersoll, Jenkins, Daniel P. King, Thomas 3. Kim, Leib
Lewis, McClelland, Joseph J. McDowell. James McDowell'
McGaugboy, McHenry, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Millei.Moselev,
Niven, Owen, Perry, Pollock, Hamsey, Rathbun, Rhett,
Julius Rockwell, Koot, Bunk. Seaman, Severance. Truman
Smith, Caleb-B. Smith. Stewart, St. John. Strohm, Thibo-
nenux, Thomnsson, Benjamin Thompson, Trumbo, Vinton,
Hentvvorth, White, Wmthrop, Woodruff. Woodworm,
Wright, Young, and Yost—85.
NA\ S—-Messrs. Stephen Adam?, Anderson, Atkinson,
Bayly, Bedmser, Benton, Bigg«, j. Black. J A. Black. Bovd,
Brmkerhoff, Brockenbrou-jh, Brodhead, William G. Brown,
John H. Campbell, Cathcart, Reuben Chapman, Chase,
Uupman, Claike, Cobb, Collin, Culloiu, Cummins. Cun-
ningham, Daniel, Dargan, J. Davis, Dillingham, Dobbin,
Douglass, Droomgole, Dunlap, Erdman. Fickhn, Fne*,
uarvxn. Giles, Gordon, Grover, Hamlin, Haralson, Harman-
