1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
565
McClelland, Joseph J. McDowell, James McDowell, Mc- '■
Kay, Barkley Martin, Niven, Owen, Parrish, Payne, Per- i
nil, Perry, Phelps, Piice, Rntbbun, Rcid, Relfc, Ritter, I
Roberts, Sawyer, Sawtelle, Seamirion, Alexander D. Suns, j
Simpson, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Stanton, Stark- !
weather, St. John, Sykes, James Thompson, Jacob Thomp- !
son,Thurman, Tibhatts, Wheaton, Wick. Williams, Wood- j
rufi', Woodward, Yell, and Yost—101. I
So the rules were not suspended,and the resolu* >
tion was not received. !
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR. j
At half-past two o'clock— |
Mr, PRICE ^following up a motion made by Mr. j
Daniel, but withdrawn for the accommodation of '
the committees,) moved that the House go into j
committee on the private calendar.
The motion he.ving been agreed to, the House 1
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, Mr. Collamku, of Vermont, ,
in the chair.
The committee took up the private calendar, un- '
dcr the restrictive rule as to debate on the first and
fourth Fridays of the month.
Manybills were laid over, objection having "been
made.
After some time, the committee rose and reported
to the House bills of the following title*:
A bill for the relief of Langley it Jenkins; ;
A bill for the relief of John it. Williams;
A bill for the relief of Charles McK.enz.ie;
A bill for the relief of Duvid F. Williamson; and ;
A bill for the relief of Cyrus Turner, with a ic-
commcndation that the committee bo dirsclmi^cd
from its farther consideration, in order that
bo recommitted to the committee that reported it.
A motion to adjourn, and a motion to go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the'Union,
were severally made and rejected, but no quorum
voted.
A second motion to adjourn was finally decided,
by yeas 74, nays (jo, in the. ailinnative.
So the House adjourned.
votitiojn^&c.
The following petitions and memorial were pre- '
sen ted, under the rule, and referred to the appro* .
priate committees:
By Mr. A. JOHNSON: The petition of" HusncM Cosh, J
praying Congress to grant him « pension : which \va« refer f
red to tin1 Committee on invalid Pension*.
By Mr. GILES- Tin- petition ofGenernl Tobias K. hhnns-
buiy, of Maryland, a soldier of the Revolution, praying loi
a pension: referred to th<; Committee on Revoluhounr)
Pensions.
By Mr. WENTVVOKTII: The petition for a mail route
from Chicago, via Steam Mill, Edward F.ldieee'w, Wmren- ,
villc, and Snyder's Mills to Aurora: reiWretl to the Com- !
inittee on tlie Post Office and Post Jimul*. The remon-
strance again&t u division of Green Hay land dimi jet. icier-
red to the Committee on Public Land*. The petition foi a
mad-route from Dutchman's Point, via Shertiiim, to Little-
{lott: referred tothe Committee on the Post office and Pohi
loads.
By Mr. RPJD: The petition of Alexander porter, and 70
other citizens of North Carolina and Virginia, a-kiimthe
establishment of a post-route from JeflWson, North Caio
lina, to Greer's, Virginia: relhrred to the Commiltee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
ByMr. MOUSE: The petition of M. E. Davis prayinglor ,
« compensation of a tract of land . i cloned to the Coinnutteo
on Private f^and Claims.
By Mr. JOSEPH J. MeDOWELL: The memorial ofsun- ,
dry citizens of the-State of New Yoik, aaking that the law -
©f*1842, reorganizing the Naval Department of the United
Stateb, he so amended as to prevent naval officers holding
communions under the Government ot the luuted States
from being appointed a* chiefs of the bureau* theiem cre-
ated, and authorizing the appointment of civilians to take
ehaige of the same : referred to the Committee on the Judi-
cial y.
Bv Mr. BENTON : The memorial of IT/ citi/en* of Mont-
gomery county, New York, remonstrating airninsi the re-
newal of letter* patent to ftenjamin H. Wood, fot an un- ,
Drovement in ploughs
r n.. n/\nnri,'U
By Mr. GOODYEAR: The petition of Chester Jaivi*,
and*13 others, citizens of Otsego county, New Yoik, ptav-
ina for an increase of duty on coarse wool. A like petition
of A. G. Moore, J. K. Lull, and 28 others, citizens of Ot-euo
county, New York: referred to the Committee of Way-
and Means.
ByMr. BROCKENBROT'GII; The memorial of Jose].h
J. Walker, in behalf of snndrv claimant* for services mid
supplies rendered and furnished to troops in Florida: refer-
red to the Committee on Military Affairs. A petition nom
the land offices at Newnausvjlle and St. Augustine, Flouda,
asking compensation for extra duties imposed by the Presi-
dent "and Commissioner of Public Lands' referred to the
Committee on Public Laud?. The petition of citizen* of
Walton county, Florida, for the establishment of a post-
routefiom Geneva, in Alabama, to Weimeaima, in Florida:
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and Po-t
Roads. The petition of Mr. Price, of the State ot Florida,
for compensation for military services: referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Bv Mr. YT. 7/. MARTIN: The petition of citizens of She-
boigan and Marquette counties, Wisconsin, prawn? that
the time may be extended for proving up and paying for
pre-emption ejauns upon the public lands.
ByMr. riOKLIN ; The petition of B.J. Harris, and others,
of Jasper and the adjoining counties, Illinois, praying the es-
tablishment of a mail, to be supplied with two-horse coaches,
from uiney, in Riehland county, via St. Marie, Newton,
the county seat of Ja-per, and Gieenup, the county seat nf
Cumberland, to Charleston, the county seat of Coles; and
also a remonstrance, numerously signed, against the discon-
tinuance of tli'i route from Newton, in Jasper, to Greenup,
in Cumberland: winch <ud petition and remonstrance were
severally referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Road-.
By Mr. McCLHA.V : The petition of Jacob Lehman, a
soldier of the war of LSN, for arrears of pension. The pe-
tition of Nicholas James, a soldier of the revolutionary
wat foi a pen-ion. ,
Bv Mr HOG!'.: The petition of 261 citizens of the State j
j of Illinois, and Wi-coumu Territmy, asking Congress to .
I make nu appropriation lor the removal oi obstructions in [
i the De* Moinc- and Bock Rivei rapid* of the Mississippi
! river. The petition of C'9 other citizens of Rot k Islam! i
' county, in the Stale of Illinot-. a*kim.' an uppiopnation for
I the k'iii'Hh! of obstiuettoi^ in tb'1 raptd-  ol the Mi^sj-sippi i
i over. The petition of f 3 other ejtizens of the State ot Ilh- (
j noi-. of like import: winch petitions were referred tothe {
i Commute, mi Bond-and CuiiaK |
By Mi. HI1J.IAHI)- A petition from John E. Jonrw, isnd
j others, in r< latum to tin* tenure ol oihee of steamboat nt-
i s-p'M-tot* referred to the Coinnu'tee on the Jtidieiarj . ;
j Bv Mi <,CNNI\tillAM • The memorial of John NT.'
! Ford and John Semenou for additional contj>en«ation for j
; evtra M*r\iee* as messeirju^ m tlie Geneial Land Olliee, ]
; Her. The petition of William Collins and one hundred J
I other*, eitiz'-ns of Preble eoimtv, Ohio, asking an appro- !
priatioa for Ihe completion of tie* Cumherfind road, in said
State. ANo, the petition ol M. Miller and one hundred and j
I tweutv eight other*, foi tlie -ami* puipo-e. )
1 Bv Mr. Hl'NLAP' The meinoriaK of C Roger j and thir- ,
: ty-foiti ntheix, eiti/en., < f Freepon, and A^a Clajip and ,
j it)netv m\ othei eiti/.en.s of I'oitland, Afaine, remonstrating !
! a am-l the withdraw i! «>f h-. untie- mi (uekled !l-li e\ji«nted !
1 to other eomitite*: reletr.d to the Committee <if Wa\  and
! Alean- ' i
By Mi. \'IM'.\ . P« tifotH f,..m em/.i n- of Libeitv. Sul-
livan eiMinu, New Viif k. in ta\oi ol a po«-t loiite I'icm Mon- 1
tieello, N. \ to I "muhlhi. \ * Mei red to the ('ommit-
lee on the 1'iwf otticc ami !'o-t Uo.id-. ;
th' Mr TKCMHO' Th> pehtmn and other p.tfiei- of j
Jam'"- P.uKei. of J.awn-nee eoitntj, KeulueK\ praving tor |
1 a peiiMoti (oi wound* received in the sen iee ol the Cntted ■
State--in 1 f-'Ki• i>-ierred tothe Coinmittee on Invalid Pen- >
1 m'uis. i
Bv Mr. hKf.rn: Th" petition of Ceorge Kam^ay, of
i mhsouii . a-kiiijr < 'ongres- to eontlnu to him a em t.u n «*nti v ;
: made undei 'lUthontx of the Comiuc-mmi i ol the (Jeiiei.d
1 l.nnd (Hliee, but which « a- ahei wards levoked.
I B\ Mi. IH'l.WO The p.'tifion of one iititidi«-d and
fhim foe \(>ieis i.f' r<iekmg t mints'. Ohio, piaving foi ;m
' appiiipii'ition for lie- ereeiion of ,i uue >u<p"ic«iou bnd e 1
aeros-. tl e ea-t brimch ul the Ohio river, at Wheeling,
' Virginia. ,
J ByMr SKl)hO\: Tlie petition of the president and di- ;
i rectors of the Tiedegnr Company of Richmond, Virginia,
I praving compensation for eeitam guns manufactured under ;
i «*oiitmet with the Navy Department, and rejected under new 1
I ami unusual ptoof- reterr* d to the ('ommittee of (Jlaims,
| Bv Mr. BROCKHNBHOirtill: The petition of George L.
; Kuopp and others, praying fortifications at Cape Florida,
I neconipimied by a menuirial tVom General Hernandez. Col.
i Hun^on, and lion Venaueni Suneln'Z, relative to defences
' at St. Augiiftine, and other points on the coast: referred
! to the Counmttee on Mditaiv Aflaiiv. Also the petition of
1 eiti/.ens of denton eomitv. Florida, praying the establish-
: meat ol a u '\\ eolh-etum diMrn-t on the Gulf of Mexico : re- j
■ fened to the (Nmimitter ou Commerce. Also, the pUitioif j
, of Mien J. Johnson and James S. Bell, for leave to reclaim, !
; |i\-dratmng, eeiiaiti land* of the Cnited States covered by j
| water, lor a stipulated poition of the kiuuc: referied to the |
I Committee on Public Land*.
! Bv Mr. U\HPF.R : Additional evidence m favor of erect- |
1 inga bridge over the Ohio n\er at Wheeling, \ uginia. i
I B\ Mi.JAMF.S TlloMPSt>\ • Tlie memorial of the Suite |
j riubmi v convention of Penn -\ Ivauia, on the subject of the i
I militia fV^tem : referreil to the Committee on the Mihria. ;
; Hv Mr. ^loCLTON : The memorial of the proprietor- of
I the Manehe-ter mills-, in New Mamp-hire. aaani'-t a tariff of ,
i ad valorem, and in favoi of minimum values and specific j
■ dulie--: relet ted to the Committee of Wins and Mentw. J
Bv Mr. PllHKV- The petition of Imou Be,UI. prating '
eompenMUmn and pavfor the service--of his father, Tho'imc- -
' BealJ, ot'Samuf 1, a revolutionarv oflicer: reterrcd to the i
Committee on Revolutionary Claims Also, the petition of ,
' Oahiiel Fuend, of Alleuh tny county, Murvlftnd, piaynur to '•
be released trom the p,u meut of a note given for arreais due !
the Pr>-t (Hliee Department as postrnovter at Frtcndsville,
> >l:u\l.iitd reten«*d to the Committee on the Post Olliee
' and Po-t Road**.
Bv Mr. STRONG ; The petition and remonstiance of:
many eiti/.''it* of Cmntland county. New York, again*! the I
renewal ot'Wood's, patent- relerred to the Committee on
Patent j
. Bv Air. SCAMAN": The memoiialof'Phoma« G.Talmage j
and IT.'! oilier citizen*of Brooklyn, Lonsr Inland, praying for |
a icoreani/at'on r f the Navv Department. 1
; B\ Mr. WOODBCFF: The petition of Orime Wilher and !
i otfteis, of South Richland, Oswego count}. Now York, for a
' notional onsire-s for *ettlemejit of national disputes, and as
a suh-titute tor v.ai
^ B\ Mr 11IM-! \R1>: The pet.turn of Mr?. Catharine L.
Moiclaml, of Alabama, praving pujment for losses buttained
in the Indian ho-tihties of the Creek country.
Bv Mr. XIYF.N: The petition of Benjamin Montanya,of
; Sullivan countv. New York, praying' for the passage of a
' law to pay the heir* of B. Montanya, deceased, for services
i rendered and *mi'erin«* endured in the revolutionary war:
! referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pension's.
: Bv Mr. SKVFBANCR: The petition of Rufu« TC. Page
! and 100 other citizens of llallowcH. in Maine, that some
i substitute for war may be adopted m the settlement of dis-
• nutes between nations.
. Bv Mr BROCKENBROUGH : The petition of Antome
> Woodelmff, for permit and patent of land to which he
! claims to be entitled under the occupation act: refened to
1 the Committee on Public Lands.
■ Bv Mr. ATKINSON: The petition of A. Augustus Cow-
: derv for the reftinding by the United States ot a sum of
; money paid by him for rent of a room for the use of the
clerk of the United States court, at Norfolk, Virginia: re-
: ferred to the Committee of Claims. •
BvMr. DIXON. The memorial of E. Wolcott and1285 oth-
, er foreign and native voters of the town of Enfield, in the
State of Connecticut, mostly manufacturers and operatives
employed m the manufacture of carpeting at Tho.mpson-
vilte, in said town of Enfield, setting fordi that their skill
: and labor arc at once their capital and their chief means of
subsistence; ami that, if left to contend with the labor of
foreign lands, our workmen will be reduced to a similar
; rate of wage.-, and a similar state of poverty; that under
i the pic^cnt tanfl', thev enjoy the benefit of piotection from
; competition with foreign pauper labor; that if the pnnci-
' pies of the report of the Secretary of the Treasury aie tar-
ried out, then busine-s will bo mined; and praying that no
; change mav be made in the present tariff—such a change
bejug calculated to injure the poor and the working man :
. icterred to the Committee ot Ways and Means. Also, the
memorial of J. S. Kelhnrg and 3o other citizens of Oneida
countv, New York, poking that the office of deputy cus-
tom house ofheer located in Utic a, New Yoik, may be abol-
ished : referred to the Committee on Commerce.
i By Mr. DODGE* A petition from sundiy citizens of
j low a, praying that the land* upon which Fort I)cs Moines
! i, located, mav be granted to the county of Polk in said
Terntorv: referred to the Committeeon Public Lands. Also
. a petition for a mad route from Keokuek to Fairfield: refer-
I led to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also a petition for a sufficient appropriation to erect a wire-
su-pension budge actors the Ohio liver, connecting the
national road m Virginia with the same road m Ohio: re-
. lei red to the Committee on Roads and Canals. Also a pcti-
! tionpiajiiig that Skunk river may be declared navigable,
&.e * je'feited to the Committee on Commerce. Also tlnee
p-titioii'- praying an appropriation for a smvey of the Dcs
Moine* nver: ref<-ried to the Committee on Roads and Ca-
nal- Al.-o a petition foi an appropriation of $10,000 to
budge the Do-. Moines river: refcired to the Committee on
Road-and Canal-. Also tinee petitions praying a grant of
tin ee M'<'tions of the niundated lands in Green Bay bottom
|(n- the improvement ot the Teriitorial road from Burlington
to Foil Madison: retorted to the Committee ou Public
Land*. Al-o a memorial of the Council and Hou>eof Rop-
rcM-utatives of Iowa, piaving the passage ot a law for the
sab-of the nuneial lands: referred to the Committee on
Public Land-. ANo a petition from the boaidof county
' eommi—loncts of Dubuque countv, Iowa, piaying for the
, ri^inbursement of eerl.un sums of motley alleged to have
been w roiififullv paid bv -aid county on account of the
Cinted St.ite- ■ refeiied to the Committee of Claims. Ab-o
{icnttons fiom the citizen- of Henry, Scott, Jefferson, and
' Jackson counties, and other pait-ot Iowa, praying an ap-
propiiation from Congie.-s tor the improvement of the Des
Moines and Rock River lapids, in the Mississippi river: re-
1 terred to the Committee on Commerce. Also a petition
i praying an appropriation for building a wharf at Keokuk,
i Lee county, Iowa : referred to the Committee on Roads and
: Canal*. Also petitions fiom the Legislatures of Wisconsin
i and Iowa Territories, asking an increase of the salary of the
Purveyor-General of those Territories: referred tothe Coin-
j mittee on Public Lauds.
! By Mr. JEFFERSON DAVIS: The memorial of the legis-
: lature ot* the Ptate of Mis>i-sippi, asking for the gradua-
; tion of the pricc of the public lands in that State known aa
; the land* ceded by the Choetnw Indians, and situate on the
j east side of Pearl uvcr: referred to the Committee on pub-
, he Lands, and ordered to be printed. Also, a memorial to
the Cougres* of the United States, from the legislature of
j Mi-*is*ippi, a-kmg a giant of land, to be used in the con-
■ struetion of a load, which will promote the early sale, and
iucrcii-o the value of the public domain in that State : ie-
! fened to the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to he
! printed. Al-o, another, asktnsr a giant of land to aid in the
reclamation from inundation of eertain swamps in tlie coun-
i tic-of Adams ,uid Wilkinson, and for,other purposes: re-
: feired to the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
' printed. ANo. another, in relation to the Leaf, Paseagoula,
! and Ciieekasany river-, and indicating the policy to be adopt-
j ed in reference to the public land* lying adjacent to those
; rivers* referied to the Committee ou Public Lands, and or-
j dercd to be printed.
j ByMr. HAMPTON: The petitions of Thomas Mnylin,
1 Jedcdiah T. Allen, and 140 other citizens of Salem, New
! Jersey, asking Congre-s to piovide by law, in any constitu-
i tionai way, for a proposal to other Governments that a eon-
grefs of nations may be assembled to form a code of inter-
' national law, by winch their varying interest* may be deter-
mined.
t BvMr. GARVTN : The petition of Joseph Robinson, for
bounty land ; of Benjamin Perham, of like import; of Mary
Green, of like import; of John Cijpps, of like import; and
of TiHiiifihast Mowry and Phebe Vaughn, heirs ot John
Mown , of like import.
By Mr. SsTFAVART: The petition of George West, for
a pension: referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. DOGE: The petition of 263 citizens of the city of
Galena, in the State of Illinois, asking an appropriation for
the removal of the obstructions in the rapids of the Missis-
sippi nver* referred tothe Committeeon Roads and Canals
ByMr. MeCLELLAND: The petition of W. W. Mel
Louth and others, for a post-route from Fairfield to Dover
in Lennwoe country, MiebiEran. 1
BvMr. WOOD: The petition of the Genesee -Yearly
Meeting of Friends, of New York, m relation to the uboli-
i: tion of slavery.
jj By Mr. WENTW ORTTI: The petition of citizens of Mc-
,i Hemy county, Illinois, for a mail-loute from Dorr McIIenrv
|; county, Illinois, via Lake and Snvder's Mills, to Geneva
|t hike. Wisconsin: referred to the Committee on the Po-t
Oihee and Post Roads.
