1840.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
507
Mr. EVANS presented the petition of the widow
of Samuel Frye, a soldier of the late war with
Great Britain, praying a pension; which was re-
ferred to the Committee oil Pensions.
Mr. SEMPLE presented the memorial of A. G.
Sloo, praying that a contract be given him for
transporting the mail between the United States
and Great Britain; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BREESE presented the memorial of Moses
W. Strong, in behalf of citizens of Potosi, in
Wisconsin Territory, praying a grant of land for
improving the harbor at that place; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. ASHLEY presented the petition of citizens
of Arkansas, praying the establishment of a mail-
route from Pilot Hill, in that Slate, to Rockvillo,
Missouri; which was referred to the Comsniuee. on
the PostOflice and Post Roads.
Mr. CASS presented the memorial of citizens of
Van Bureu county, Michigan, praying the c*tab-
lishment of a mail-route from -St. Joseph, in that
State, to Milwaukie, Wisconsin Territory, which
was referred to the Committee on the Post OJiicc
and Post Roads.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, presented the
memorial of the assignee* of the Rank of Alexan-
dria, D. C., praying to be released from the pay-
ment of interest claimed by the United Suites on
the public money deposited in that institution;
which was referred to tnc Committee on finance.
Mr. J. also presented the memorial of the le*;al
representatives of Ethan Allen, praying remunera-
tion for his revolutionary services; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Clainm.
Mr. CALHOUN presented tho petition of Gil-
bert Stalker and S. fe. Hill, asking compensation
for a steamboat lost m the public service; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance,
Mr. JOI-INSON, of Louisiana, submitted the
following resolution, which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report to the Senate tire condition of the
old custom-house in the city of .New Orleans;
whether it is now fit for the purposes for which it
is used; whether the commerce of New Orleans
and the public interest do not. requiie the immediate
construction of a new euKtom-houxc in that city,
and the sum required for the construction of «<ueh
n. building", and further, that lie report to the Sen-
ate the sum required for tho improvement of the
harbor atPonchartram, in the State of Louisiana.
Mr. J/VRNAG1N submirted the following reso-
lution, which was agreed to:
Resolved, That a report from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, in relation to creating a boaid of
commissioners to adjudicate and settle dannN an-
sing under the Cherokee treaty of US.15, he laid
before the President of the United States, as con-
taining' the sense of the Senate.
REPORTS OF COMAItTTKKK.
M,r, MOREHEAO, from the Committee of
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of Na-
thaniel Wright, praying tho payment of a cancel-
led treasury note, which had been purloined and
subsequently came innocently into the hands of
the petitioner, stated that said committee had con-
sidered the subject and felt it their duty to make a
favorable report; finding", bosvever, that a bill was
pending in the Senate, alfording relief in all cases
of the nature of the one m question, he asked that
the committee be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the subject; which was agreed to.
Mr. JARN/VGiN", from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, reported a bill to confirm Un-
title of the heirs and legal representatives of Julius
Dubuque, deceased, to certain lands; which was
read and passed to a second reading. The report
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. J. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury,
with the approbation of the Attorney-General, to
purchase of Bailie Peyton, tho island at the Grand
Southwest Pass of the Mississippi river, on which
a light-house has been erected; which was read
and passed to the second reading.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from flic Com-
mittee on Pensions, reported a bill for the relief ol
Thompson H., son of Thomas Hutchinson; which
was read and passed to a second reading.
Mr J., also,from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of Elizabeth Junes, and others;
which was read, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. J. also asked that the above committee be
discharged from the further consideration of the
petition of S. D. Duvall, and that the same be re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs; which
was agreed to.
Mr. DICKINSON, from the Committee of
Claims,-submitted an adverse report upon the pe-
tition of Eli Hobbs; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. D. also, from the same committee, submit-
ted an adverse report upon the petition ot Orlando
S. Reese; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. D. also, from the same committee, reported^
without nmendment the bill from the House ot
Representative--, tntuh-d "An net for the relief of
Georges D. Sj)tjne<*r.''
Mr. RKNTON, from tho Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (trom
tho House of Representatives) authorizing the
President of the United SuUes to increase the rank
and file of tho army, reported the same, with an
amendment, which was read.
Mr. ATCH 1SON. from the Committee on In-
dian Allan pojU-d a joint resolution authorizing
the President of the United States to sanction an
agreement math; between the Wyarulottes and Del-
aware?!, for the purchase of certain lands by the
former of the hitter tribe of Indians; which was
read s nd passed to a second reading.
lYlr. A. also, from the same committee, submit-
ted an adversu report upon the petition of Mary B.
Hook.
'I Mr. \. also, from the Committee* on Pensions,
(| submitted :m advei^e leport upon the petition ol
:| William W. 1Im!|.
i| Mr. URKKSK gavi* notice that he would on to-
|i morrow mm nimi, call up the report of the Commit-
j1 tee on Contingent Kxpenses of the Senate, in rela-
}j tion to additional accommodations for the public in
J the Senate chamber.
Mr. ATCl I ISO.N, from the. Committee on Pcn-
-! stons, reported a bill to grant compensation to pen-
i| stnn agents.
1 Mr. A. also r sked that said committee be dis-
,J charged from the furthei consideration of the peti-
!' tion of Hannah Atwood; which was agreed to.
• \ [A me.-wige was received from the House of Rep-
'l reKnntatives, announcing that the Speaker of said
!| House had signed an enrolled bill.]
j' The PR ESI DENT laid before the Senate a com-
ji munication from the Secretary of the Treasury in
relation to the public d^pnaitea.
;i DIPLOMATIC COUKAISPONBENCE.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the fol-
! lowing resolution, submitted some tune since by
;; Mr. J. M. Ci.vytov:
ij fi Unsolved, That the President, of the United
'[ States he requested to communicate to the Senate
; copies of any correspondence that may have lakon
i place between the authorities of the United States
and those of Great Britain since the last document
I' transmitted to Congress, in relation to the subject
i of the Oregon territory, or so much thereof as may
; be communicated without detriment to the public
'I interest."
Mr. WEBSTER rose and said: I shall advise
I my honorable friend, the member from Delawnre,
to forbear from pres.>in« this resolution for a few
; davs.
■ There is no doubt that there are letters from Mr.
1 McLanc; but as the Chairman of the Committee
■i on Foreign Relations opposes this motion, I am to
! presume that tin* Executive Government finds it
: inconvenient to communicate those letters to the
Senate, at the-present moment.
Vet, it is obvious, that as the Senate is called on
. to perform a legislative act, it ought, before the
: hour of its doi hsion comes, to be put in the posses-
,j sion of everything likely to influence its judgment;
otherwise, it would be required to perforin hi h
legislative functions on mere confidence. There
I' is certainly some embarrassment in the case. If*
! the Executive Government deems the communiea-"
:: tion of the correspondence inconvenient, it can only
be because negotiation is still going on, or, if sus-
| pended, is expected to be resumed. So far as ne-
i; gotiation is concerned, the communication, or pub-
|j Kcation, of the correspondence, may very properly
be thought inconvenient. But, then, the President
!i has recommended the passage of a law. or resolu-
tion, by the two Houses of Congress In support
of this recommendation, he himself sent us, un-
asked at the commencement of the session, the
correspondence up to that time. Now jf fliat ww
necessary, the rest is necessary. If -we aie enti-
tled to a part, we are entitled to the whole
In my opinion, the mistake was in calling ^on
Confess to authorize notice to England of the dis-
continuance of what has been called the jo.nt occu-
pation, until negotiation had been exhausted. Ise-
gotiation should have been tried first, and when
that had failed, and finally failed, then, and not till
then, should Congress have been .ailed upon.
I now go on the ground, of course, that tti§ no-
tice for discontinuing the joint occupancy is pro-
perly to be given by authority of Congress; a point
which I do not now discuss.
It is said, indeed, that notice is to be useu as a
weapon, or an instrument, in negotiation. I hard y
understand this. It is a metaphor of not very ob-
vious apnlication. A weapon seems to imply, not
a facility', or meie aid, but the means either ol de-
fence against attack, or of making an attack. It
■sounds not altogether friendly and pacific. I doubt
exceedingly whether, under present circumstances,
notice would hasten nogotiution; and \ctsuch aie
those circumstances that there may be as mucn in-
convenience in standing still as in going forward.
The truth is, that great embarrassment arises
from the extreme pretensions and opinions put for-
ward by the President, in his Inaugural Address,
a year ago, mid in his Message last December.
But for these, notice would have been harmless,
and perhaps would have been authorized by both
Houses without much opposition, and received by
f'b)"!atid without dissatisfaction. I>ut the leconi-
mrmlation of the notice, coupled with the Presi-
dent s repealed declarations that he held our title
to the u hole of the tenitory to be " clear and un-
ipiestionaWe," alarmed the country. And well it
illicit. Ami if notice were required, in order to
enable the President to push these extreme claims
to any and e\ cry iesult, then noticc ought to be re-
fused by Congress, unless Congress is ready to
support these pretensions at all hazards. Here
lies the difficulty. Congress is not prepared, and
(lie country is not prepared, as 1 believe, to make,
tli- President's opinion of a clear and unquestion-
able right to the whole territory an ultimatum.
If he wants notice for such a purpose, he certainly
must see that it becomes a grave question whether
Congress will grant it.
It was a great, a very gieat mistake, to accom-
pany the recommendation of notice with so posi-
tive an assertion of our right to the whole terri-
tory. Did the President mean to adhere to that,
even to the extremity of war? If so, he should
have known that, after what has happened in years
past, the country was not likely to sustain him.
Did he mean to say this, and afterwards recede
from it? If so, why say it at all? Surely the
President could not have, been guilty of playing so
small a part, as to endeavor to show himself to
possess spirit, and boldness, and fearlessness of
England, more than his predecessors, or his coun-
trymen, and yet do all this in the confident hope
that no serious collision would arise between the
two countries. So low an ambition, such paltry
motives, ought not to be imputed. When the
President declared that, in his judgment, our title
to the whole of Oregon was " clear and unques-
tionable," did he mean to express an official or a
mere personal opinion5 If the latter, it certainly
had no place m an official communication. If the
former—if he intended a solemn official opinion,
upon which he was resolved to act officially—-then
it is a very grave question bow far he is justified,
without new lights, or any change of circumstan-
ces, to place the claims of this country, in this
respect, on other grounds than those on which
they had stood undev his predecessors, and with
the concurrence of all branches of the Govern-
ment, for so man/ years; for it is not to be doubt-
ed that the United States Government has admit-
ted, through a long series of years, that England
has rights'iu the northwestern parts of this conti-
nent which are entitled to be respected.
Mr. President, one who has observed attentively
what has transpired hete and in England, within
the last three months, must, I think, perceive that
public opinion, in both countries, is coming to a
conclusion that this controversy ought to be set-
i tied; and is not very diverse, in the one country
I and the other, as to the general basis of such set-
