570
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
they must be prepared to go to war. He (Mr. B.)
did not conc'ur in the opinion expressed by the
Senator from Ohio. He believed the public senti-
ment was not yet prepared for a war with England
in order to obtain the whole of Oregon. He did
apprehend, three months ago, that it was possible,
by deliberate, systematic, and persevering efforts,
here and elsewhere, to mould the American maid
into a determination for war on the subject of con-
troversy pending between this Government and
that of Great Britain. He said again, he did,
three months before, apprehend that the Ameri-
can heart and mind might be prepared for a war
with England on the Oregon question; he did fear,
but that fear had passed away, that the American
people might be induced to involve themselves in
a war with their brolheis in interest, in language,
in religion, in descent, befoie they were- made
aware of the nature of the controversy subsisting
between them and their brothers.
Mr. B. said he had always belonged to the
penee party on this question; and he, for one, had
never lcared to express the desire—yes, the anx-
ious desire, to see the controversy between Eng-
land and the United States concerning Oregon am-
icably adjusted on principles of compromise. He
never had, and never should be, deterred tVom that
declaration, for fear of being set down as one of
the British party. The peace party had been
charged with timidity and extreme nervousness
whenever England, and danger from England,
threatened. They had not in express terms been
charged with cowardice or a want of patriotism;
but "those charges had been made by muendo
against them, it was a very easy matter to ac-
quire a reputation for patriotism and courage in
the estimation of some, by always going to ex-
tremes of language when a question was presented
for discussion there, and deliberation elsewhere, in
the opinion of some, perhaps, they could acqune a
reputation for exubeiant patriotism by mere woids,
but they made a gieat mistake who thon^htthe
American people were easily misled and deceived
on a question of that sort. "He was one of those
humble American ciiizens who had no interest in it
inoic than thousands of others who felt a fear they
should be brought into conflict with England. He
(Mr. B.) confessed he feared war. He had been
alarmed at the idea of Avar. And why? On ac-
count of considerations personal to himself? JN:o;
but on account of his country. He regarded war
as the greatest calamity thy t could befall the Amer-
ican nation at this time. He had been alarmed at
the idea of war, because, independent of Us desola-
tloll—independent of the loss of property and life— 11
he believed a war between this country and Eng- ji
land would throw back the cause of civil, politi- !;
o.-il, and religious hbeity half a century. A mem- j,
ber of Congress was in no personal danger in a i
war between this country and England. He be-jj
lieved if war came, that his State would be one of ij
the theatres of deadly conflict. There were many j|
sition. The moment members were apprized of
impending danger, they might, if they thought
proper, adjourn to the highest peak ot the Alle-
ghanies. Of course the Piesident and Congress
would retire to the Alleghanies or west of them;
for he did not belter e there would be a single
point of safety unless in some remote part of Ken-
tucky or Tennessee. It was therefore worse than
idle—it was ridiculous, to talk about personal fear
as connected with that question.
It was said that question was one which ought
to soar above party. That sentiment was an hon-
orable one, and he concurred in it. But had the
question out of this chamber (he would say nothing
of what had occurred theic) soared above party?
He (Mr. B.) was a Whig, and hoped in God he
i should die one; and yet if the alternative was pre-
sented to him of the total annihilation of the Whig
party or a war with England for the whole of Ore-
gon, (which he believed would be an unjust and un-
t necessary one,) he would say, annihilate die Whig
| party forever. He, for one, would not go with the
; Whig party if such a foul, abominable, and unpa-
j tnotio spirit animated it as should drive it into a ij
| war witli England for the assertion of our claim to |
i the whole ot Oregon. And were he capable of I
| looking at that suoject as a party man, he would j
t out-Heiod Heiod himself; he would deal m the i
j loudest denunciations of the rapacity, the domineer- j
. I ing spirit, the insulting spirit of the English nation. I
He would do all he could to raise up the worst |
feelings of our nature here at home, and excite the i
prejudices of the people on the other side of the At- i
ianuc. He would do all in his power to bring about I
the conflict, if he viewed that question as a party '
man. iJe would, of course, go ior 54° 4U', and j
say and do everything he was capable of to bring I
England and us into conflict. And why so? Be- j
cause the conviction was dee}) m his mmd that, if |
this Administration, or any other, could involve the j
nation iu war m pursuance of any unjust claim, or j
for the purpose oi obtaining, by force of arms, pos-
session of the whole of Oregon, the people would,
in less than twelve months, li the forms of the Con-
stitution peunitled such a thing, turn out the Exe-
cutive and Ins Cabinet. Their party would be over-
whelmed, and the Whig party, as a matter of
course, would come into power. That would be ;
the consequence of a war lor the whole of Oiegon.
No Admmi&tiauun could stand twenty-four hours
after involving the country in such a war, if the
j forms of the Constitution permitted their dismissal.
J As ardently as die desired to sec the Whig party
j in power, lie would be unwilling to placc it there
1 at such a tremendous cost as a war with England.
I But was it tiue that the question was one above ij
' paity' To the uedit of both of the great parties jj
' that divided the people ol this country from its j!
foundation till then, Uiey had hitherto been true m i
; reference to the Oregon question. It had been i
i siewed for twenty years by the American people j
as a national question, not a party one. But when j
considerations that would lead England, in case of a celebrated convention assembled at Laltimore,
war with this eounUy, to invade Louisiana; and j winch, to use the language ot one of its members,
certain lie was that their beautiful Crescent city I was organized by action and con rolled by a deni-
vuuld not escape, and that the majestic Mississip- |! agoijue—-ihat was the langua-o of the benatoi ironi
\,i would be stained and impurpled with the blood ;| JN oi in Carolina when audiessmg the senate that
of the best cit./en* of his State. He feared war i, contioversy wim luigland, which had been con-
on this account, and not from any abject feeling ot j, ducted by a I parties as a gieat national one, re-
T-Tjj imf.w that if he. chose, he il ceived, tor the iirst time, in that convention, the
stamp of party. Why was that done' because it
personal fear. He knew that, if he chose, he
could remain on his plantation and carry 011 his
farming avocations unmolested by the enemy. Ko
one in'the land had any cause for fear who was
able to lure a substitute. It was not men of
wealth who had cause to fear a war with England. ;
The army would not be filled with aristocrats, so j
called. It was the poor man who was to suiler— j
the mechanic, the daily laborer, the haidy plough-
man, who was to be torn from his home and fam- ;
ilv and placed where his life would be in danger, '
although that life was necessary to the welfare and \
subsistence of his family. That w as the class who
would suiler; not those who could hire substitutes 1
—much less members of Congress at Washington
city. Who would expect a member of Congress to
go into that war?—and, should it come, how manv,
he would ask, would expose themselves? lie ,
was of opinion there was as much bravery, 111
proportion to their number, inside the .°*
Congress as outside, and no more; and if the But-
ish should be guilty of the rashness and folly ot
again invading this city, did they think they would
be in danger? Not at all. No man would be m
danger, unless he placed himself in a peculiar po-
was loiuid necessary to make Oregon and another j
great question at tnat time pending the rallying j
words of a party. The Democratic party consul- |
ered themselves beaten and overthrown 011 all then* !
other issues, and tliey knew, unless they could get j
up new issues of an exciting kind, about which i
there could be much deception and iiumbuggery, |
there was 110 chance of overthrowing theWhi-sin ,
the contest. Therefore, the resolution was passed j
early 011 the morning of the third day of the con- ;
vention—he believed before bieakfast—an hour to ;
which there ought not, as there had been, objee- j
tions made, foi, had it been done alter dinner 111- 1
stead, it would have been attributed to excitement !
of a certain kind. That resolution said the title to
Oregon was clem and unquestionable; tnat we
ought to annex Oregon and reannex Texas, it
was the Iirst time that party views were brought to
bear 011 that great question between the United
States and England. In the primitive days of our :
Government it was customary for the President
and Congress to consult the Constitution and^laws
of the country; to consult the experience of past
ages, as well as the plain principles of justice and
truth, when they were gravely considering what
was the best policy to be pursued in relation to the
great inteiests of the American people; but.in these
days of corruption, ambition, and vain glory, but
few politicians stop to consider the great law, or
the plain principles of justice and truth, in order to
determine what they should do. The question,
then, presented generally to the minds of people
was this: "What was the best policy in order to se-
cure or promote the election of our candidates? By
what means could they circumvent their political
adversaries? Very few inquire into the Constitu-
tion, law, or the rights of other nations or persons.
What had the Baltimore convention decreed?
They had ordered to be inscribed on their banners
the whole of Oregon, and the whole of Texas.
That was one of the decrees of that celebrated con-
vention; and they had been told by the Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. Hannegan,] that Texas and
Oregon, being twin sisters, born about the same
time, it was incumbent on the Senate of the United
States, or the Democratic portion of it, to standby
and go for the whole of Oregon up to 54° 4U', war
or no war. That if they acknowledged fealty to
the party at all, they owed it to that party to go for
Oiegon, war or no war, and more especially as
Texas had been annexed, was now a'part of the
Republic, and represented by two distinguished
Senators there.
Mr. B. said he concurred with the Senator from
Massachusetts m the few remarks he made there
this morning, that the first mistake made by the
Piesidentwas in his Inaugural Address; and he
felt at the same time great surprise that a Presi-
dent, such as we now had, should have forgotten
that there was some little indelicacy, if not impro-
priety, in alluding to Oregon at all m his Inaugural
Address. No man could question the impolicy of
the manner of his treating that question in his In-
augural Address. They knew the sensation it
produced elsewhere; and all who examined the
matter must conclude that that was an unfortunate
blunder on the part of the Executive. It was not
his intention to speak in disrespectful terms of the
President, towards whom personally he had no
unkind feelings. He was then, and Jioped ever to
be, opposed to him and his party. He knew no-
thing of his views or intentions in relation to the
Oregon question furthei than he hadreveale.d them
to the Senate in his Message and correspondence
communicated to Congress. But in looking at
these he had come to certain conclusions as to the
motives that influenced the President in his man-
agement of the Oregon controversy. If he (Mr.
B.) should differ from some of the gentlemen who
had addressed the Senate, and given versions very
different of the meaning of the Executive, it ought
not to excite surprise if he should differ from both
as to the meaning and intention of the President.
They had presented to them a most extraordinary,
and he would say humiliating spectacle; it was
certainly unparalleled in the history of the coun-
try; nothing analogous to it in the previous con-
dition of the country ever before occurred. They
had one portion of the Democratic members of the
Senate giving their interpretation of the President's
Message, and they had the chairman of Foreign
Relations, the Senator from Ohio, who ought to
know from his position the views of the Presi-
dent, giving his version of that Message. There
never before had been a period when some one m
the Senate was not authorized to speak for the Ex-
ecutive, acquainted with his views, and ready to put
those right who misconstrued his language or his
views. While one portion of the Democratic party,
whom lie would call the 54° 40' men, told them that
the President in his Message stood committed to
the country to go for 54° 40' or war; while the Sen-
ator from Indiana said, if there is any truth in man
or Holy Writ, the President was committed to 54°
40'; that if-he should falter and turn back, and not
go on leading lus gallant followers up to the Rus-
sian line, he would prove recreant to his party,
and principles, as expressed at the Baltimore con-
vention; that should he forsake his standard, bear-
ing aloft the motto 54° 40', it would sink him
down to a depth of damnation from which the hand
of resurrection could not lift him: (He thought that
was strong language of the Senator; and he (Mr.
B.) was at first surprised at this hypothetical de-
nunciation of the President; and was alarmed lest
the Senator had caught a peep behind the curtain,
and knew what the President would do:) in the
