1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
571
course of a few days, the Senator and the coun-
try were told by the Senator from North Carolina,
[Mr. Haywood,] that the reading of the 54° 40'
men wes entirely erroneous; that they-misrepre-
sented entirely the views of the President. When
the Senator from North Carolina, who from all
circumstances was as Hkely to know the views of
the President as any other, had told them that the
interpretation put by the 54° 40' gentlemen on the
President's Message was wrong, that he bad plant-
ed himself on 49°, fVom which he could not recede
or advance, without rendering himself infamous,
and worse than that, make the Senator from North
Carolina to turn his back on him, his (Mr. B.'s)
gars subsided. He had listened to the honorable
Senator for two days—a pretty hard task to listen
so long to any speech—and he at once regarded
that as the right reading, and as ominous of a
wish to settle on the parallel of 49^. Ho knew it
was considered a little rash, and that a man sub-
jected his opinion to be stamped as either factious
or unpatriotic, who should undertake to say at this
day that this Oregon controversy, from the time
this Executive took it up till now, had been most
awfully mismanaged. It was his opinion. Uo
would express it, and give the reasons for doing
so, although he might be considered as taking the
British side. Such a charge had no fcais for hii i.
Pie knew what he was himself, and he was known
to his constituents, and to them he was ready to
render his account. He again would say the Ore-
gon controversy had been mismanaged.
Now, as to the meaning of the President, he
could not believe he meant war, or that he desired
to be so understood, when he gave his Message to
the country, because, if he meant war, he would,
or should, have acted entirely different. He re-
commended no preparation for war. fie told them
that standing armies were against, the spirit of re-
publican government. He recommended no in-
crease of the army, and but a very trifling increase
of the navy; but, what was far more important na
a proof that the President did not mean war, was
the fact of his recommending the Secretary of the
Treasury to repeal the tariff—a measure that would
at once deprive them of the mean* of carrying < n
the war. But he could not mean to settle on 49°;
for, had he been so desirous, he had it in his power.
He (Mr. 13.) could not conic to any other < onelu-
sion on that diiHcult question than this: that the
President intended to place himself on the fence,
that he might fall on cither side, as might be desi-
rable; that if public sentiment should eome np
loudly in favor of 54° 40', war, or no war, the
Piesident could get on that side of the fence; but
if the sober judgment of the American people, after
they came to investigate the question, should de-
cide in favor of an amicable arrangement on tin'
parallel of 49°, why, then, some of his faithful
friends, practised in special pleading, could get up
there and show he was from the beginning in favor
of 49° and against 54° 40'. That was his (Mr.
B.'s) conclusion from reading the Message, and
hearing the elaborate and ingenious reading of it
given by the friends of the President on the other
side of the chamber—that he never went for either
49° or 54° 40', but placed himself on the fence,
ready to drop on either side, if necessary.
Mr. B. would now state a few reasons why he
thought the President and his advisers had mis-
managed that question. He would refer to the
first letter addressed by the British Minister to the
Secretary of State, the object of which was to re-
new with the new Administration a negotiation
that had been before the preceding one. The Sec-
retary of State, m his reply, first proceeded to ar-
gue the question of title; and before the proposition
to settle is submitted to the British Minister, ho
told him many things that ought not to be said, if
his object had been to induce the British Minister
to accept his proposition. Pie told him if the
question had been a new one, he would have made
no offer at all; and that, finding negotiations pend-
ing on principles of compromise on coming into
office, he did not wish to terminate them; and that,
while he felt our title good up to 54° 40', he felt
constrained, from the state of the negotiations, and
by respect to his predecessors, to submit a propo-
sition. And what was that? A proposition as
advantageous to Great Britain as that offered by
his predecessors ? Not at all. But if the President
felt any obligation to make a proposition because
his predecessors had done so, did not that obliga-
tion demand also that it should be as favorable as
was made before? He (Mr. B.) found fault with
a subsequent act of the Executive connected imme-
diately with that proposition; and it was that act,
and that act alone, if a conflict should unfortunate-
ly take place between this country and England
about Oregon, that could lead to it and produce it.
He did not think the British Minister should have ;!
rejected that proposition as peremptorily as he did, |
unless he hud instructions to do so. He knew *.
nothing as to his instructions, and therefore would ;
merely say he thought the British Minister had ;
committed a blunder. He had never understood i
that an error of one justified or extenuated that .
of another. The rejection of the British Min- !!
hater was not in itself offensive. He had the ,,
example of our Minister—the last written letter ;■
of the Secretary—and if the italicizing (which '
seemed to be fashionable just now) was that of
the Secretary himself, they had developed the ex- ;
traordumry fact, in this enlightened day, of the
Secretary of the United States telling the British
Government, as the reason of withdrawing the ;
proposition, that there had been something on the
opposite side offensive to his feelings—that he and
the President felt insulted by the manner of the re-
jection of their proposition. That was indeed go-
ing back to the daik ages—to the timi s when an
in.Milt to u king** favorite or his unstress, led to
calamitous wuis. lie did nut impugn their mo-
tives—they weie known to God alone; but he
would say that the Executive ought never to have
withdrawn his proposition. Why withdraw it?
If made in good tauh,why withduuv it.' He was '
no diplomatist; but he would undertake to say,
that never before, when a great question like that
was involved, when a proposition of settlement
was made, ihat n was the ullitnalum, unless so
said exjMch.sly at the lime of oilenng it. The fSee-
ntary of State at an rarlurpinod [Mi. Cai.iioi\\']
properiy letu^ed arbnialion at that time. lie
staled the jeasuns, and did not bhnk the question ,
as the present Secretary had. If that ptoposition
had not been withdrawn, the question would ha\c
been at tins moment settled—settled by treaty.
His reason for that belief svas the declaration of
the j >i itish Minister of the Ciou n that the propoM- ,
lion should not ha\e been i ejected by the i'ieu-
ipot< ntiary here before submiunig it !<) the Uov-
einmentat home. The point of honor—the punc- ,
tiho—would not have existed, llewouldnot.be
surprised if that punctilio became a very serious
question yet. But he trusted that such a cobweb 1
would not he allowed to stand in the way of a set- !
tlement of the question. Punctilios had destroyed ]
many lives m private affairs. Uood never came !
ol them. In his State, he had known more than a j
du/.en most valuable lues lost by cowardly ad- j
h< rente to punctilios, after they hud plaeed their !
honor and their lives m the hands of injudicious ;
friends. Well, the negotiation ended—ended.
What next'1 The correspondence terminated in
August. There is an end, therefore, of tins nego-
tiation. Ended and terminated by a most improper
and unprecedented withdrawal of a proposition,
not stated to be the ultimatum. So far as he knew,
its very existence was kept a secret from the Amer-
ican people. Nay, he believed it was denied.
One thmg he knew, that in November, a paper
supposed to he the organ of the President—the
Union—published to the world that the Executive
intended to &o lor 51° 40'—that our title was un- 1
broken—was a unit from 45° to 54° 40': and called |
upon the party to sustain on that the Administra- !
turn. It was a mosi milamnmiory appeal to the
Democratic party to stand by the Executive up to
54° 40'. He held the President responsible for that,
and that was one of his reasons for saying that the
whole buNintss had been mismanaged. Mr. B. then
proceeded at some length to express his views on
the question whether the Union was or was not the
oigan oi the Executive. He blamed that paoer
for appealing to a party. The article went'to
England, produced a great effect there at the time.
It still was exercising its effect. It excited the
English people in a great degree. He would pass
that over. Congress met; then came the Mes-
sage—that mysterious document, according to the
various readings of the gentlemen on the other
side—and it had a great effect. Some thought it
ominous of peace, and were delighted. He did
not so interpret it. He did not know there was
any negotiation till he read the Message at Rich-
mond, on his way here. His fears were then in-
creased, not allayed. His apprehensions were
augmented, though the Message appeared to have
a sedative effect on the people who had imagined
that war was about to come. What was the spirit
of that Message? Was it, indeed, calculated to
allay excitement across the water, or remove pre-
judices and obstacles in the way of an amicable
adjustment of this difficulty? Was it such a mes-
I sage as the Executive would have written had he
i really desired a speedy and peaceful settlement of
| the controversy? No. There were two or three
! subjects " lugged'* into it calculated to excitc the
: people, and render more complicated this Oregon
question. Why, it had so excited the chairman of
Foreign Relations [Mr. Allen] that he burst out
quite in a flame this morning, and said he .had
i never heard of such a thing this session as a prop-
! osition to settle on 49°, with the navigation of the
: Columbia offered to Great Britain. The fact was,
the Administration was constantly shifting its
! ground. The President took the position that na-
tional inteicst forbade the yielding up the naviga-
tion of the Columbia. Wei), that was just about
! as valuable as the navigation of Goose creek, or
Tiber, (that was the classical name,) which ran
through the city of Washington. What other mat-
| ter was forced into the Message? And here he
i would say that he must not be told that British
1 sentiment was not to be consulted. A majority of
. the Senate and of the American people were quite
! of a different opinion. Well, the President stepped
out of his way to tell England that no European
^ Power must hereafter be allowed to colonize any
i part of the North American continent. Why put
, forth such a sentiment? Was it needful at this
juncture? Was it wise or prudent> They knew
"the effect of a similar declaration by Mr. Monroe,
and then it was under quite different circumstances
from those which sunounded the President when
he wrote (his Message. Mr. Rush, in his last
book, described the effect of Mr. Monroe's declara-
tion on the British mind, and on the negotiation
with which be was charged. Mr. Rush said that
it produced a ferment in the English mind, and
operated most prejudicially on the negotiation.
Air. 1J. hen; desewbed the circumstances under
which the declaration of Mr. Monroe was made,
showing that u was supposed that it would have a
good effect m checking European interference in aid-
ing old Spam to reconquer her revolted provinces.
Great Biitam, on account of her commercial m-
i tercsts, desired to sec the provinces independent;
! and a knowledge of that had its weight in pro-
j ducing the declaration. He (Mr. B.) would take
that occasion of expressing his decided disappro-
bation of the principle of tfiat declaration. It was
an unjust, unsound, and wicked principle. If it
was ever acted upon, the present institutions of
the country must bo changed for a despotism. He
admitted tfiat a case might arise where the Govern-
ment of the United States would be called upon in
: self-defence to say that Europe must not touch this
; or that colony. But that was the exception—the
I general rule was false and pernicious. To act in
; the manner held forth in these declarations, an
! army like that of Russia, and a navy like that of
' England, would be necessary. But how would
it interfere with their rights and liberties if any
( foreign Power would undertake, to colonize Pata"-
gomaorPeru' In his judgment, an infusion of
, European intelligence and civilization would great-
j ly advance the cause of hbeity in these South
| American republics. There was no such thing as
■ true liberty on this continent beyond the limits of
j the United States. Those republics, therefore,
, although we might desire to see them prosperous,
j were not so intimately connected with the United
. States as to justify this Government in such chiv-
; alric declarations in their behoof. It was, therc-
1 fore, iridiscrect and uncalled-for in the President,
j to put such a doctrine into his Message. Now, he
1 would say a few words about the title. If the
Court of Queen's Bench were called on to try
| the case, the United States being the defendant,
, the decision would be that England had no title.
; And if the Supreme Court of the "United States
ij were to try the case, the United States being plain-
| tiff and England the defendant, the former would
j be nonsuited. A distinguished individual had
I made the notable discovery that the original «rant
| of the United States was to be found in the Book
j of Genesis, and an act confirmatory of it in the
j Book of Psalms. He would not say anything
] about that. Nor would lie say anything about
■ the title by inevitable destiny. Nor would lie
