572
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
say anything about the title by a bull of the Pope
of Rome. He would say that if thev had as clear
a title to Oregon as they had to the District of Co-
lumbia, he would not give up an inch of the ter-
ritory.
Mr. B. then discussed, at some length, the title,
and expressed his views. He then went on to say
that the balance of the civilized world should de-
mand of the United States and England a settle-
ment of this controversy on principles of mutual
compromise. He hoped the United States Gov-
ernment would not be ashamed to do what the
American people demanded—that was, an amica-
ble settlement. Away with punctilios, and let the
ultimatum be made—leaving it to England to say
whether peace was to continue. In that case Eng-
land would settle it—the world would rejoice—and
the President and his Cabinet would lie crowned
with glory. As to the notice, his opinion had been
totally changed since he came to Washington. He
was formerly opposed to it, as in his judgment, a
war measure. The convention he had regarded
ss a bond of peace on both nations. But the ques-
tion he now regai ded in a different light. He
never was ashamed to avow a change of opinion
after due reflection. He now believed that notice
ought to be given as a measure tending to peace.
If it is not given in the present state of the contro-
\ersy, lie regarded it an pregnant wiih danger.
He was in favor of notice insfantcr. He was not
in favor of tying up the President's hands. Why ?
P>ecause ho wished a speedy settlement. It was
for the President to move or stand still. Perhaps
it was not right for him to move—nor would the
British Government move—till Congress had final-
Jy acted on this question of notice. Therefore he
wished the notice given quickly. Every day of
postponement increased the doubt of a peaceful
settlement. He was opposed to the form proposed
bv the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Coi.quiti-.]
He never had been in favor of a division of the
Columbia, and therefore he was opposed to that
resolution, apprehending—though he was sure the
mover did not intend that—that Great Britain
might suppose they were willing to divide between
the 49th parallel and the Columbia. He went for
notice, and for notice immediately. If a treaty
was to come, let it come when the Senate was 111
session, and not in vacation, when parties might
be organized to oppose it; and if there was to be
no treaty, let Congress know it before it adjourn-
ed, so that the pioper preparations might be made.
Let the notice, then, be given at om-e. Then a
treaty, if to be made, would come before the fust
of August, so that it might be ratified; and if not,
so thai Congress might be ready to vote the
necessary appropriations for the defence of the
country.
NAVAL ESTIMATES.
Mr. CASS then moved that the Senate adjourn;
but withdrew Ins motion at the request of
Mr. FAIRFIELD, from the Committee 011 Na-
val Affairs, who said that he desired to present a
communication front the chiefs of the naval bureaus
to the Secretary of the Navy; a document called
for by the resolution of the Senate directing the
Committees on Military and Naval Affairs to lay
before the Senate the estimates communicated to
them by the lespective Secretaries of War and
Navy for the increase of the naval and military
means of the defence of the country. Mr. P. said
he availed himself of the occasion to avow, in three
words, the reasons for his having withheld this
document from the Senate heretofore. The first
reason, he had already stated to the Senate on a
former occasion—to wit, that the document was
not placed in the hands of the committee for the
pmpose of being presented to the Senate and print-
ed . O11 the contrary, the committee were request-
ed, after using it, to return it again to the Secre-
tary which had accordingly been done. Again,
although lie had 110 doubt" the Secretary of the
Navy 'would hn-s e cheerfully acquiesced m a re-
quest to return it eiraiu to the committee for the
purnose of being presented to the Senate and print-
ed,'if he had understood the Senate as wishing it,
yet he (Mr. F.) was unwilling to ask for the re-
turn for such purpose. He was opposed to the
printing, for this and for no other reason, that the
extravagance of the recommendations of the chiefs
of the naval bureaus contained in tins document,
would tend to prejudice the country against these
heads of bureaus if not against the navy itself. But
now, his views had changcd. Under the circum-
stances, he believed it was due to the President,
and Secretary of the Navy, as well as to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, tliat the document should
be printed. If the people regard the recommenda-
tions for building seventy-five ships of war and
steamers, at a cost of over twenty-one millions of
dollars, to be signally extravagant, neither the
President, Secretary, or committee, will be found
m any way implicated in it. On the contrary, so
far from adopting the recommendations of the
chiefs of the bureaus, the Secretary, in his written
communication to the committee, recommended the
building of ten war steamers only. This recom-
mendation had the sanction of the President, and
v/as adopted by the committee. A bill was re-
ported in conformity with it, which is now pend-
ing befere the Senate. Now, although lie was
once opposed to the punting of this report from
the chicfs of the naval buieaus for the reasons sta-
ted, he could not oppose it longer. Insinuations
had been so frequently made, especially in the
public prints,th;it this paper had been withheld for
impioper and sinister purposes, and that, if made
public, it would implicate the President and Secre-
taiy of the Navy, or the committee 111 something
wrong, that he now lclt it was due to them to let
the document <2,0 forth to the public. lie therefore
moved that it be punted.
The question was then put, decided affirmatively,
and the document presented was ordeied to be
printed.
Mr. SEVEER then moved that the Senate go
into executive session for a few moments.
Amid cries of "No, no," the question was put
and negatived.
A division was then called for, and, by a vote of
fifteen to sixteen, the motion was rejected.
NAYA1, APPUOPUI ATTON'S.
The bill from the House of Representatives ma-
< king appiopnations for supplying deficiencies m
the naval appropriations of the last fiscal year, was
then read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Finance.
On motion of Mr. CASS,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 30, 1846.
The Journal of Saturday was read and ap-
proved.
DEFICIENCIES IN APPROPRIATIONS.
On motion of JV3r. MclvAV, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole 011 the state of
the Union, (]VIr. Preston Kintg in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the bill to supply de-
ficiencies in the appropnations for certain objects
made for the service of the fiscal year c-nding the
30th of June, 1846.
The pending question was 011 the motion of Mr.
McKay, to amend the item making an appropria-
tion for the Documental y History, by adding
thereto the following proviso, (being the same as
that appended in the bill to the item for the Con-
gressional Cflohe and Appendix:)
"Provided^ That this appropriation, or any le-
gislation heretofore had in relation to said work,
' shall not be deemed to authorize any further sub-
i scription to said work, or the purchasing any fur-
' ther volumes thereof."
The question was taken, and the vote was an-
nounced; but the Chairman spoke in so low atone
that the reporter could hear nothing beyond the
fact that no quorum voted.
Tellers were ordered, (after some conversation
between Mr. SAWYER and the Chair.) and the
vote bein<r ns;ain taken, stood ayes 71, noes 56.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER now moved to strike out the
whole item as thus amended; which motion was
rejected.
Mr. UTTNGERFORD moved to strike out the
! following item:
" To pay balance due Thomas P. Jones for ser-
i ' vices as a member of the Board of Examiners
1 ' for making experimental trials of inventions and
! < nlans to prevent the explosion of steam-boilers,
| ' £2.250.
1 'The vote was taken, and the result not heard, but
[ no quorum voted, and Tellers were ordered.
Mr. SCHENCK inquired if it would be in order
to make an explanation ?
The CHAIRMAN said no; debate had been
foreclosed bv the order of the House.
Mr. SCHENCK asked permission to inform
the House that the appropriation had received the
unanimous recommendation of the Naval Com-
mittee. .
The CHAIRMAN said it would not be m order.
Mr. DROMGOOLE supposed, he said, that it
would not be in order even to read a document.
The CHAIRMAN said no. The House was
Mr. DROMGOOLE thought that some explana-
tion should be given. ■
The question was then taken, and the vote stood
ayes 59, noes 49. No quorum voting.
Another count was demanded and taken, and the
vote stood, ayes 73, noes 58.
So the item was stricken out.
Mr. STANTON (under instructions, he said,
from the Naval Committee) offered the following
amendment:
" To pay Charles Reederfor services as a mem-
' ber of said board of examiners, #3,165.
" To pay Walter R. Johnson for services as a
' member of the said board, $2,340, and for services
' in experimenting upon coal, #611."
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CHIPMAN indicated, but did not make, a
motion to strike out the item reimbursing the
Philadelphia board of underwriters for expenses
paid and to be paid by them in maintaining the
light on the Delaware breakwater.
The following item being under consideration:
" For outfits of charges d'affaires to Texas, Aus-
tria, Peru, and Venezuela, $500"—
Mr. COBB offered the following amendment:
" And that the proper accounting officers of the
' Treasury are hereby authorized and directed to
'allow to Win. H. Stiles, Charge d'Affaires to
< Austria, his salary from the 10th of June, 1845,
' and to pay the same out of any unexpended bal-
' ance of the appropriations for salaries of the
1 r,harges d'affaires of the United States."
"Which amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CULVER moved to strike out the follow-
ing item:
" For repairing of the State artillery of the State
' of Louisiana, injured in the service of the United
' States m Texas, during the summer and fall of
' 1845, $1,566."
The motion was rejected.
Mr. CROZIER offered the following amend-
ment, (after lines 91 and 92:)
" For the payment of Tennessee volunteers, who
'entered the service of the United States in 1836,
' and were furloughed by General John E. Wool,
' such sum as may be ascertained to be due them,
' at the rate of forty cents per diem for their horses,
' and twelve and a half cents per diem for forage,
' during the existence of said furlough."
The motion was rejected.
Mr. CULVER moved to strike out the follow-
ing item:
" For payment of four companies of Texas vol-
' unteers, and two companies of Louisiana volun-
' teers, including the supplies required by the quar-
' termaster's department, §69,206 68."
Rejected.
| Mr. SAWYER moved to strike out the next
; succeeding item, which is in the following words:
! "For the transportation of officers' baggage,
§30,000."
Which motion was rejected.
j Mi. McILVAINE moved to strike out the fol-
lowing item:
£- Foi the tiasportation of tioops and supplies of the ar-
; my, including bat-sage of tioopswiicn moving either b\ land
or water: height and tennises: tbepuretmse oi hire oftiorses,
mules. o.\en, cfttu, wagon;., and boat.-, for tin tiailspona-
tlOri of supplies, and lor gammon purposes; diajaee and
oamure at tile so\eral post-; Jure of team-tor* : traiispoita-
lion oftunds ot tbe pay department; expense of sailing pub-
he traisspnits between tbe post- on tbe Gulf of 3Iexieo,
and pioenim^ watei at sucli post-! as from their situation
]'!'!;u111 it; ol elothim? from the depot at Philadelphia to the
stations ot tht troops . of sub-isf-nee *10111 tile places of pur-
chase ami trom tilt- plaees of delneiy. under eontiaets, to
; sttoh jibu'rs as the necessities of the service mav require it
to be sent; of oidnance, ordnance stoics, and small arms,
fjonithe foundiiea and ainioiies to the arsenal?, foitifiea-
tions, and frontier posts, six hundred and thirty thousand
dollars.
Which motion was rejected.
