1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
573
i\?e A/r'irnow,been S°ne through with,
Mr. McKAY moved that the committee rise and
re^°r S'u^VJ'?.Ta^dmenls' t0 the House.
Vnl!' moved to amend the
bill by adding thereto the following:
' 184Wntill«l W0l>ri®,iAn'!"ulo by the aet. of the 3d March,
ami dmloin it,(-1!™ makuiP appropriations for the e,vii
ana diplomatic txpunses ot the Government for the vcur
ending the 30th-ot J,we, 1846, and tor other purpose Mb,
orintS^« ««'""^T^to^Piiy-Jfoflie.^rsanrtattf'ndanb,
Lnt e¥nen?o. v?t' - ' °,llcr ll"'"le,>tal ""d contm-
Kff remaining unexpended, or so much theieof
as maj be necessary, lie and tin; same is hereby transteired
and appropriated to the payment of all an earing for similar
member^ Assemblies ol CKm
members, officer*, pnnt<'iy, or others, urioiti* t'rom the dt -
Sen^esT,! t0u"ur Volnianom, to meet the actual ex-
peni.es and approbation, o| „„i,| A-weinhlie*-
PaJ"'™t-, to be made to the parties entitled under the
OTnetion oJ;eth° <"0I'S 01 'S® Assemblies an.I
" ernor Seeietaryol' State, or other proper
otncfi 01 the ronitnvjal Cnvemmoiit."
Mr. GRAHAM inquired if the amendment had
undergone the investigation of a committee.
i-he CHAIRMAN said no discussion was in
order.
Mr. BR0CKENBR0UG11 wished to say that
the amendment merely contemplated the transfer
of an appropriation.
The amendment was rejected.
The committee then rose and reported the hill
and amendments to the House.
Mr. WHEATON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported correct the bill authorizing
the Secretary of the -Navy to contract for the pur-
chase of American water-rotted hemp for the naval
service.
,J^r- vc notice, of a motion to recon-
sider ihc vole of Saturday last, by which the 1 louse
had relused to order Ihe bill for the relief of the
hens ol the late, Colonel William (.*rnyson to bo
engrossed for a third reading.
The motion was entered on the Journal.
deficiencies in appropriations.
The House proceeded to the consideration of this
bill, the question being on concurring in the amend-
ments reported from the Conmnltce of the Whole
on the state ol the Union, and on ordering the bill
to be engrossed for a lliiitl reading,
Mr, McKAY asked the indulgence of the House
for a few moments to make somo explanations of
the various items of the bill.
Before he did so, he would notice one or two of
the remarks of the gentleman from Kentucky, | Mr.
6. Davis,] when this bill was under c-onsidemiion
in Committee of the Whole on the state of flic
Union. As ho understood thatyenlleman, he mni-
plained that the estimates ol'this bill were not sub-
mitted at the commencement of the session, and
it was extraordinary that the department had neg-
lected to ask for these appropriations if they \vvie
needed for the public,service. .Now, il so happened
that the gentleman from Kentucky must wholly
have overlooked the printed documents.
Mr. HUDSON raised the point of order, thai it.
was out of order in (he Mouse to reply to remarks
delivered in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The SPEAKER said it had not been customary
to refer in the House to remarks or proceedings (if
the standing committees, but it had usually been
allowed to reply to remarks made in Committee of
the Whole on the state ol'lhe Union.
Some further remaiks on the question of order
arose between Messrs. DiiOMGOOLH, \V 1N-
THROP, and the SPExlKER, which was termi-
nated by
Mr. McKAY offering to waive any further re-
marks in reply Mr. Davis.
Some of the members of the House (Mr. McK.
proceeded to say) seemed to be under a great mis-
apprehension in regard to various items of the bill.
Part of them, a large number of them, were found
in the annual estimates communicated to Congress
at the commencement of Ihe session; and in regard
to otheis, gentlemen would find a very satisfactory
reason given by the department in the report of the
Quartermaster General, accompanying the Presi-
dent's Message at the commencement of the ses-
sion. [Mr. McK. read an extract, in which it was
stated, m substance, that at that time it was im-
possible to ascertain what amount might be needed
to supply the deficiency in the appropriation, and
that the information would be given as soon as the
accounts were returned by the disbursing officers.]
This explained it all. It was not unusual (Mr. McK.
said) to pass bills of this kind. Ever since the es-
tablishment of the fiscal year, three or four years
ago, it had been done, and it must necessarily hap-
pen that unforeseen causcs and contingencies re-
quired expenditures which the executive officers
were unable to anticipate. At the first session of
the last Congress one million and a quarter of dol-
lars were appropriated to supply deficiencies; last
session a similar appropriation was made. The
amount of this bill had been stated at two millions.
That was not the case; the amount, to he sure,
was larjre enough; it was §1,553,8:22.
Mr. McK. proceeded to examine the various
items that went to make up this amount. Of it,
$197,771 were for the contingent expenses of the
two Houses of Congress. Of that sum $117,500
was wanted for the .Senate, and >70,000 for the de-
ficiency in the eonlingent fund of the iJ ouse. These 1
sums, he said, were inr.;e, but they arose from the 1
orders made by the 1 looses respectively, and when j
ordered, of course must be provided for. .
For books the amount was §87,500; and it was ;
for the payment of nooks aheatly purchased by the '
Clerk of I he House, under us order, adopted at the
last session of Confess, and previously. j
Mr. (JH IPMA.\ inquired if there did not some ;
of it go lor the purchase of books which were not ;
yet printed. \
Mr. MclvAY replied in Ihe negative; it did not
include any books which were not already printed, \
and dehveicd to members. j
A small item of §,|,350 (he continued) was for the ;
contingent expenses of the Executive department. '
It was di chued to lie uei essary by the heads of the
bureaus; he would say nothing about it.
the next item, of one humh'i d ami fifty-two
thousand and odd dollars, for Ihe salaries ol district
judges m < Huo, Indiana, Illinois, and M lssouri, and
for the contingent judicial expenses of the country, .
he explained, in like liKinuer, lo bo neress;tt-y ex-
penses, incurred under existing laws. I le interred
to the fact llmt, out of the twenty-six Slates and
three Terruories—Morula, the District of Colum-
bia, Wisconsin, Iowa, and the two judicial districts
of New York, absorbed about one-half of all the
appropriations forjudicial expenses;and he recom-
mended ihe nivestu'iilion and correction of Ihe mat- ;
ler to the Committee on the Judiciary.
[At this point he yielded for explanations to j
Messrs. Hamlin and iiitociuwiinouiui, the latter
gentleman explaining the manner in winch the up- !
propriations had been necessarily culled for for '
Floiidn,|
The next item was $84,500 for foreign inter-
course; §51,000 for outfits for charges, anil $30,000
for the contingent expenses of missions abroad.
This was not unusual. It was known to every one
here that the practice at the commencement of every
Administration was lo change the foreign missions
abroad, lie said nothing of ihe policy; but such j
was the setili d policy of Ihc two great parties in the i
country. Four years ago it was known by gentle- j
men here that the 27lh Congress, at its first sea- J
moil, voted a large, amount for the outfit of charges
and ol ministers—far larger iliini was provided lor :
here. |
[A word of conversation passed between Mr.
O. Dams anil Mr. McKay on this point.] ■
The next item was §'.]7(i,i)(;II for pensions. Tie :
made a statement of tiie appropnalions lor pen- !j
sums heretolore made lor a few years past, and at ij
the present session, and said this amount was ren- '!
dered neeessaty by the laws passed here. He i
pointed out some of the errois and defects in the ]
pension laws, and expressed the hope that they 11
would be corrected. He disclaimed justification It
of them; but while the laws existed, it was their l!
duty lo provide the money to meet the appropria- !j
Hons made under them. !j
Upon the llem of #70,772 for the repair of State !!
artillery of Louisiana, injured in the sen ice of the ii
Uniied States, and for the payment of the volun- j
teers in Texas from Louisiana, and from Texas j
he said that some gentlemen seemed to suppose I
that these troops were called out without authority j
of law. This was a mistake. It would be seen,!
by reading the report of the Secretary of War, j
that the commanding general in Texas had express i
authority to call out any portion of the militia of!
that State if he thought proper to do so. In regard 1
to the Louisiana volunteers, it was true that Gen-j
eral Games acted without any delegated authority; :
but the moment the proceeding was known here at j
the department it was immediately disapproved of;
but inasmuch as the company of Louisiana volun-
teers had arrived in Texas, and as the Government
had been at the expense of transporting them, au-
thority was given to General Taylor to retain them
in service if he thought proper so to do.
§30,000 was appropriated " for transportation of
■ officers1 baggage." This was not a new item, but
I an appropriation made by Executive regulation,
! and under authority of existing laws, and an ex-
| penditurc provision for which had been made time
| out of mind. He held in his hand and read from
I a statement showing the expenditures thathad been
j made under that head. Under Executive regula-
i lions, ten cents per mile was allowed to officers
when not on duty and when travelling fiom place
to place. It was called "transportation of baggage."
He thought it too high, and should propose an
amendment, when the letular appropriation bill for
the support of the army should come under con-
sideration, to reduce it to five cents. The Congress
before the last appropriated to this object $>115,000;
the last Congress §75,000.
In regard to the amount of §630,000 for Ihe trans-
portation of the army and of supplies to Texas, he
referred to the. leport of the Secretary of War,
which, he said, explained much belter than lie
could the reason why these troops were assembled
in Texas. He would not take up the time of the
House in repeating them. Seventy-six companies
of the army were sent to Texas, and the removal
of these gave rise to the change of position of some
thirty companies more. Tins amount would not
only cover the expenses already incurred, but.
would carry ihe department through to the 1st of
July next. It was not for the transportation of
troops alone, as some supposed, but for the pur-
chase of supplies, of hoi ses, mules, oxen, wagons,
and everything needed by nil army. It was"sup-
posed the army would have, to <*o into the interior
of Texas, perhaps to the boundary of that Stale.
Something like 300 wagons were bought in Phila-
delphia, and transported coastwise to Texas; at
this time there weie with the army of occupation
in Texas 2,10(1 horses, nuiles, and oxen, effective
and not effective. These all had to be purchased
with this money. The Executive luid thought
proper to order n portion of the army to Texas; it
had gone there, and has to be supplied; and this
appropriation was necessary, for the purpose Clf
enabling the department to meet these expendi-
tures, justly authorized. He did not stand here to
say that there had not been some extravagance in
this expenditure. He further referred to some of
the items going to make up this amount, and, in
explanation of them, he read an extract from the
Quartermaster General, General Jesup. Under
his direction, all these expenditures had been made;
and he told us that, although advantage had doubt-
less been taken of the necessities of the Govern-
ment, and tile subordinate officers had been forced
to pay more for services and supplies than they
weie really worth, still he does not see how any of
the expenditures can be avoided. Thus, a distin
guished officer of the army, who lias served you
and faithfully, tells you upon his official re-
Ion
sponsibility, that he does not see how any of these
expenditures could be well avoided. Under these
circumstances, he did not see. how the House could
hesitate to vote the necessary supplies.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, demanded the
previous question.
And the question having been taken, the vote
stood, ayes 66, noes 47.
So there was a second.
And the main question (on concurring in the
amendments and ordering the bill to a third read-
ing) was ordered to be now taken.
All the amendments (except as hereinafter men-
tioned) were concurred in without a division.
On concurring with the committee in its amend-
ment striking out the following item, to wit:
" To pay balance due Thomas P. Jones for ser-
' vices as a member of the board of examiners f, r
' making experimental trials ofIntentions ai.dplans
' to prevent the explosion of steam boilers, two
'thousand two hundred and fifty dollars" 
Mr. BOYD asked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered, and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams. Anderson, Atkinson
Bcdingcr, Bell, Benton, Bigg,. James Black, James a'
ci'n r°5,',ofr" Burt> C,l'l>c.nt, Clnpinan, Coelte'
Collin, Constable, Culloni, Cummins, Daniel, Darra h Jei-
lersnn Davis, Be Mott, Dillingham, Dobbin, Dunlan Ells-
worth, Mw in 11. laving, Parnn, Fnes, Garini, Goodveai
