574
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
Graham, Grover, Hamlin, Harmanson, Henley. Iloge. Hop-
kins, Hough, George S. Houston, Hnngerford, James B.
Hunt, Jenkins, Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George
W. Jones, Preston King, Lonsj, Lumpkin, McOleriiaifd,
McConnell, McCr<ite, Joseph J. McDowell, McGaushey!
John P.Martin, Barkley Martin, Moulton, Niven, Owen,
Parrish, Payne, Phelps, Price, Rathbun. Reid, Relfc, Roh-
eitSj Suwtelie, Sawyer, Scammon. Leonard H. Sims, Simp-
son, Starkweather, lit. John, Syke--, Jamc^ Thompson,
Jacob Thompson, Thurman. Tibbatts Tredway, Went-
woith, Wick, Wilmot, Woodwaid, Woodvvoith, Yancev,
Yell, and Yost— 69.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, John Qumev Adams, Ashmun,
Baker, Bhmchard, Brodhead, William G. Brown, William
W. Campbell, Canoll, Olaike, Cobb, Cranston, Crozier,
Culver, Cunningham, Garrett Davis, Dixon, Dockerj, Diom-
gnole, Fiekhn, Foot, Gidduigs, Gordon, Harper, Hornck,
Ivtic E. Holmes, John W. Ilou-ton, Samuel 3). Rubbaul,
Hudson, Wa-sbington Hunt, Joseph R. Jngersoll, Daniel P.
Kmsi, Thoinns Rntler King. Lswrenee, Lefikc, Loib, La
S^ic, Lewis, Levin, McClean, McHenrv, Mcllvaine, IMc-
Kav, Maisli, Miller, Pendleton, Pollock, Ramsey, Julius
Rockwell. flunk, Sehenck, Severance, Alexandei D. Snn^,
Tiumrm Smith Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stanton,
Stewart, Tlubodeaux, Thontasson, Benjamin Thompson,
Trumbo, Vinton, White, Wmthrop, Woodrulf, Wright, and
Young—6o.
So the amendment was concurred in, and the Hem '
wan stricken out.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading !
not i\
And bavins, been read a third time by its title, •
and the question being, k< Shall this bill pass 1
Mr. CULVER asked the yeas and nays, which !
were ordered; and being taken, resulted as fol- >
lows: |
YEAS—Messrs. John Q,uiney Adams, Stephen Adams, <
Arnold, Asbinun, Atkinson, B.'-ll, Burgs. James Black, James .
A. Black, Blanc hud, liowini, Bo\d. William G Bioxvn, ,
Buit, Win. W. Campbell, Carroll, Clnpinan, Cobb, Cocke, ,
Collin. Constable, Cro/.iei, Cullom, Cunningham, Daniel, ;
Dairagli, Jt-ffctson Davi-, l)e Mott, Dillingham, Dobbin, j
Dockeiy, Dromwole, Uuulap. Ellswoith. Faran, Fickhn, !
Foot, Foster, Fiie-, Garvin, Goodyear, Goidon, Graliam, I
G nhii, IJamlui, H.irriidn-( n, Haipei, Henley, I. E. Holmes, !
Hopkins. John W Houston, GeorgeS Houston, Tlungn- |
l'oul, Wa^hm^ton Hunt, James B. Hunt, Joseph R Ing'U-
soll, Jenkins, Preston King, Lawrence, Leake, Leib, La
Siirc, Lone,, Lumpkin, McClean, McConnell, Ju-."pb J.
MoDowcli, McIIeury, McKay, Maini, John P. Maitin,
Miller, Motley, Moulton, Nnen, Owen, Parri'h, Payne,
Phelps. Reid, Relfc, Runk, Sjiwtelle, Scammon, Alexandei
D. Sim?. Leonard IL Suns:, Simpson, Robert Smith, Stan-
ton, Starkweather, Stewait, St. John, Thibodeaux, Tho-
nia^son, James Thompson, Jacob Thompson. Thurman,
Tibbarts, Tredwav, Ttumbo, Vinton, Wick, Williams, Wil-
mot Wmthrop, Wooihuff, Woodward, Wright, Yancey,
Yell, and Young—131.
- NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Bakei, Benton, Clarke. Culver,
Cummins Pi.\on. E. H. Ewinjr, Gtddings, Grover, Hornck,
Ho<?f,TIough« Samuel D. ITubbaid, Hudson, Joseph Johnson,
Amhew Johnson, Geoiae W. Jones, Daniel P. King, I,ewis,
MeCiate, iVIcGanghey, MeTlvauie, Barkley Maitin. Rath- ;
ban, R-h'it3-, Ji'hu^ Rockwell, Sawj^r, Sclmnok, S"\oi- !
ancr, Truman Smith, C. B. Smith, Sj-ke*, Tilden, Went- j
woith, White, Woodwoith, and Yost—38. i
So the bill was pus^d. j
On motion of Mr. McKAY, certain papers, (re- j
latin^ to the bill, as the reporter understood,) in
order that thev might constitute a port of the
record. were laid on the table and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BRODHEAD made an ineffectual attempt
to introduce a resolution relating, (as the reporter
understood,) to the bill respecting the licensing of
canal boats.
The SPEAKER announced the regular busi-
ness of the day, which was the call of the States
for resolutions.
On motion of Mr. DROMGOOLE, the House
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Johnson, of Virginia, in
the chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of
the bill to provide for the better organization of
the treasury, and for the collection, safe-keeping,
transfer, and disbursement of the public revenue.
The bill having been read through—
And the first section being under consideration,
in the words following, to wit:
" He it enurtciK S, r., That the rooms prepared and piovi-
dod in thrt new treasury bmidmg at t*ie peat of Government
for the u^e of lac TivaMiier of th-> United Slates, ln=  a^ist-
ant-, and el0ik«s, and occupied by them; and al-'Othefn^-
proof vaults and safes erected in said loom^ for the keeping
of the public inom-ys in the po>ses<-ion, and under the im-
nvdiate cout/ol of said TW-'urer, au> hereby eon«titnt"d,
and declared to he, the Tr«-n-urv of the United States : and
the said Treasurer of the United States ^hall keep all the
publin moneys which shall conic to las hands in the Tica4--
ury of the United Stat«< as heiebv constituted, until the
same shall be drawn therefrom accoidmg to law."
Mr. CALEB B. SMITH moved to amend itby
adding the following proviso:
"That nothing herein contained shall be con-
Rtvued to prevent the Secretary of the Treasury
from depositing the revenue of the Government in
any bank or batiks which he may deem expedient,
; and also to receive the Government dues m thepa-
| per of specie-paying; banks."
I Mr. G. B. SMITH occupied his hour passing
I over a large range of debate, involving the finan-
j cial history of the Government for the last twenty
! or thirty years, imd its multifarious connexion
! with the politics and the diversified interests of the
, country. Of his remarks, as well as of other gen-
j tletucn, we give but a general sketch. He said he
i snatched the present opportunity to speak, as he
j could predict, from the indications given that the
; majority of this House, bv whose unanimous vote
he supposed this bill would pass, would feel them-
; selves justified in forcing the House to a vote un-
der the previous question upon this bill in less than
twenty-four hours. He knew the potent force of
the gag; he knew that at the last Congress, when
: this very same bill was under consideration, it
. was forced through without any debate being al-
; lowed, under the pretence that the people had dc-
i cided the question nt the previous Presidential
: election. He did not believe the people decided
this matter in the Presidential canvass of 1844.
In his own State they were left entirely in the dark
: m regard to this matter, and no individual pre-
i tended to say (hat the sub-treasury was one of the
measures which would be carried out. He re-
: (erred to the Baltimore convention, of which we
! had heard so much, and said while they had pro-
; nounced upon the Texas and Oregon questions,
they had said nothing of this. In scanning the
proceedings of that convention you looked in vain
: for any reference to the sub-treasury scheme; they
] had not forgotten the scenes of 1840, the over-
! whelming defeat of tho party then; and they did
: not wish to bring before the people a subject upon
which they had already pronounced their denun-
ciation, and driven them from power. After Mr.
j Polk was elected, this bill was brought forward
! nnd passed under the previous question, and now
it was to be driven through ag'ain.
; Mr. GEORGE S. HOUSTON inquired how
| long a time was allowed for the repeal of the sub-
I treasury by the twenty-seventh Congress5
! Mr. SMITH replied, some three weeks, he be-
i lieved, considered in connexion with the national
i bank bill.
| Mr. HOUSTON. The bill was passed with but
' one speech being allowed.
Mr. S., resuming, wished to bring up some rem-
iniscences connected with the financial history of
; the country for the. last few years. From 18£0
, (he said) down to that period in the Administra-
1 tion of General Jackson when his grand and mag-
■ nificent system of experiments commenced, we en-
joyed a currency equal to any ever enjoyed by
any civilized nation—a currency at all times con-
vertible into gold and silver. He referred to the
financial measures of General Jackson's Adminis-
tration—the removal of the deposites, the trial of
the pet-bank system, &c.—and to them ascribed
the revulsions and disasters which succeeded.
Such a scene of suffering, bankruptcy, and ruin,
(he said,) had never been witnessed by any civil-
ized nation, as v,res experienced by this, following
close upon the adoption of this series of experi-
ments on the currency. He referred to the bill in-
troduced by Mr. Gordon, in 1834 or 1835, (the
reporter thinks,) which presented, for the first
time, the principles of the sub-treasury scheme,
and to its rejection in the House by 161 to 33.
Amons: the nays, the names of James J. McKay,
James K. Polk, Richard AT. Johnson, and others
of the Democratic party, were found; and he read,
expressed in speeches and writings, the opinions
of Mr. Polk, and of Mr. Ritchie, then editor of
the Richmond Enquirer, commenting at some
lcneth upon what he considered the inconsistency
of the then and the present positions of the gentle-
men named, and of the Democratic party generally.
He came down to the recommendation by Mr.
Van Buren of this scheme at the extra session of
1S37, noticing its rejection then, and stating, after
its final adoption and approval on the 4th of July,
(which was styled by its friends the, second Decla-
ration of Independence,) that, during the seven
months that the law was in force, it never was
carried, nor could it be carried, into effect, of so
impracticable a nature was it. It lived for this
short period a miserable, languishing life; a mis-
erable humbug, it was consigned to the grave; and
it was now to be resuscitated, and clothed with the
mantle of Democracy, and its passage, he supposed,
would be hailed as the third Declaration of Inde-
pendence. But pass it they might, and notwith-
standing the hallelujahs which might be raised at
this third Declaration of Independence, it would
be found that the common sense of the cuuutry
would revolt against it, and that the difficulties in •
carrying it out would be insuperable.
A great improvement had taken place in the con-
dition of the country within the last five years;
and with the exception of a little lowering cloud in
reference to our Oregon difficulties, so far as re-
gards our domestic affairs, our people and <5ur
Government were never in a more prosperous con-
dition than at present. Why was it? For six
years this miserable tinkering with the currency
had been abandoned. But now it was to be re-
vived, and by this bill the banks were to be struck
at, and by the bill to rcduce the tariff the manu-
facturers were to be reached; and this all with the
cry that it is for the benefit of the farmer and the
laborer that these measures are to be taken. He
ridiculed the idea that with the prostration of these
two classes the other portions of the community
would flourish. The effect of this war upon the
banks, and of the passage of this bill, he said,
would be to lock up in the vaults of the treasury,
and withdraw absolutely from any participation in
the business of the country, $10,000,000—one-
eighth of the entire coin of the country. This
would necessarily be followed by the hanks con-
tracting their discounts, as they would absolutely
be obliged to do under the operation of this
law; and then the cry would be raised that the
banks were putting on the screws for political
effect. Connecting this, however, with the more
odious measure of the reduction of duties to be-
tween twenty and thirty per cent., which would
flood the country with an amount of foreign im-
portations which would greatly exceed our ex-
portation, and which balance of trade would go to
exhaust us of our little remaining specie, another
suspension of payments, another revulsion would
sweep over this country, which would equal or ex-
ceed all the disasters and ruin which resulted from
the previous tinkering and experiments upon the
currency.
It was possible to justify this measure only on
one ground, and that was on that of a hard-money
currency exclusively. If the Democrats on this
floor were in favor of an exclusive metallic curren-
cy, they were right: but he would like to have
them make that issue before the country. Not
twenty members on this floor, he ventured to say,
could be found to come out boldly and sustain
such a system. He referred to the Democratic
party in his own State, and said their movements
were against the banks in disguise, and that neither
they, nor but few of the party in any portion of the
Union, dared come out boldly in favor of an ex-
clusive metallic currency.
Mr. DOUGLASS stated that he was in favor of
a metallic currency.
Mr. HENLEY said the gentleman ought to
have known, and did know, that he (Mr. H.)had
voted in the Legislature of Indiana, and should
vote against bank charters.
Mr. SMITH, resuming, repeated that the gen-
tleman's party in their own State (Indiana) did not
dare come out and show their hand in favor of an
( exclusive metallic currency, for they knew on the
! issue of a metallic currency they would not be sus-
tained by the people.
"What was to be gained (setting aside its influ-
ence upon the banks and the business relations of
the country generally) by locking this money up
m the vaults of the treasury? Let the history of
Swartvout, and Price, and Boyd, and Harris, an-
swer.
Mr. GORDON wished to know if Mr. Swart-
wout was not at one time the Whig candidate for
: the Vice Presidency ?
j Mr. SMITH replied that all this "gammon"
j was perfectly well understood. Mr. S. received
i and held office under the gentleman's party, and
; it was very far from their practice at present to
. go into the ranks of the Whig party to find their
: officers.
! Air. S. havinsr concluded his remarks,
; Mr. "WICK addressed the committee as follows:
, I had no expectation of obtaining the floor upon the
| discussion of this bill, and have not now obtained
! that grand desideratum, (so often sought here in
, vain,) with a view to inflict upon the committee an
hour's speech. I should have been silent were it
