578
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
in Africa, in Circassia, and in India, in refutation
of the idea. He cited the course which Great
Britainhad pursued in reference to China, and ihe
revolution which was iri progress in that country,
in consequence of her war upon the Tartar dy-
nasty of that empire. He touched upon the false
notion of philanthropy which led men to travel to
the north pole in quest of objects of benevolence,
and neglecting their own immediate neighborhood;
and on the different decrees of sympathy called
forth when an object of compassion was a brown !
or a white skin. ;
From the moment when he read the President's j
Message, he foresaw the difficulties which were j
coming upon us, and the necessity for wise and t
energetic action on the part of those who were I
the public sentinels. He recommended those mcas- ■
ures which were calculated to the effective ass-er- i
v.on of our rights. Great Britain must recedc con-1
siderably, and abandon much of her pretension, '
before there could be a reasonable hope of a peace-
Ad issue. Fie did not say she would not do this.
This he had said before, and this he repeated. He
was not able to say whether, if she now came back |
to the parallel of 49^, she would find our Govcn- '
ment prepared to meet her on that basis. On this ;
point, he knew no more than any Senator on (his i
floor, or any spectator m the a;allerv. He thought i
it wiser and better to understand the President i
from his official documents, than from any sup- !
posed acts of omission and commission. He had 1
hoped that Great Britain would, fiom our course, >
have been led to retreat from the position fhe had !
taken: but, although there were slight symptoms
of her waking up from her lethargy, no effective !
step had been taken by her. All our boundary— j
upwards of eleven thousand miles, (including Ore- i
gon)—is in an undefended state, while Great Hrit- ,
am is buckling on her armor; and how it would
terminate, he could not pretend to say. Tt was !
our duty to calmly and deliberately look at our
condition. If we are to be pimped" in war, it be- ■
comes us to prepare ouiselves for it. We shall
not weaken the chances of war by undci rating i
either our own strength or that of our adversary; i
and, in this respect., the Senator from Delaware '
[Mr. J. M. Clayton-] had acted with groat wis-
dom and patriotism. As to the power of England, :
while he believed that her excessive weight of tax- '
ation and debt was inevitably urging her to her j
ruin, he must be a bold man who could take it j
upon himself to predict the period of her gmvncss. i
Now, she has the sam* vigor to strike which she 1
always had. She can draw on the future, to meet
the necessities of the present. Our own resources '
are also great, and equal to. any emergency; and '
the spirit which would urge us onward, would be
as irresistible as the surges of the ocean as thev
rolled over the tracks on the sand. We have no .
kingoffrnancc who can paralyse or expand our
energies at his will.
He then went on to notice some remarks in the
speech of the Senator fiom South Carolina, [Mr. ;
Calhoun',] premising that he should speak of the
Senator with that respect due not only to his high
character, but to a friendship of thirty years, which
(said Mr. C.) has been to mc a source of high !
gratification. He coincided with that Senator in ;
his view of consistency. The man who boasts
that he never changes, only boasts that the lessons
of wisdom are all lost upon him, and that he does ,
not advance in knowledge as he advances in expe- j
rience. To subvert the deductions of the Senator 1
from South Carolina, he quoted from some of the
London Journals received by the last steamer, for
the purpose of showing that public opinion in Eng-
land had become less amicable than it was some-
time ago. As to the observations of Sir It. Peel
on the rejection by Mr. Pakenham of the offer of
49, he regarded them as not committing him to any
particular opinion or course of action. Had he in-
vended it to indicate a peaceful disposition, why
have we not, since that period, heard something
from him of a design to carry it into effect?
In relation to the present state of the territory,
he regarded it as critical, and liable to be disturbed
every moment. The first gun fired on the Colum-
bia will send its echoes to the further shores of the
Atlantic. He was a firm believer in the sure and
mighty efficacy of the great agent Time, but he
believed that (5-reat Britain will not herself permit
this state of things to continue. "Whoever ha*
Oregon will command the North Pacific.," is the lan-
guage which has been used in England; and is it
to be expected that she will quietly witness the
occupation of that country by a dense population
of American citizcns ? Tf she would over abandon
the country, she would do it now, when there can
be no dishonor in giving it up; not when there has
grown up there a groat Power capable of resisting
her.
The evils of war had, in his opinion, been too
gloomily represented by the Senator from South
Carolina. Admitting that a war of ten—of five
years—would be disastrous to us; it could not ex-
ist without bringing into collision the great ques-
tions of our day—the right to govern and to obey.
But if it were to be even more disastrous than he
represented, was it right for th* Senator to make
such a statement on this floor5
Mr. CALHOUN said lie had put it as a hypoth-
esis, that even a most successful war would be dis-
astrous, and coeld not be terminated in less than
ten or twenty yeai*.
Mr. CARS satd he referred not to the money
part of the Senator's speech, but to the prediction
that such a wai would produce the overthrow of
this Government. Tn that view, a war would at
once be a signal of du sh notion; cjnd we have noth-
ing left but, when smitten on the one cheek, to
turn the other. The experience of two wars stamp-
ed error on this prediction. He referred to the
course pursued by the Ss nator from South Caroli-
na and Mr. Clay, the Homeric chiefs, during the
last war, and the effect produced by it on the en-
ergies of those who were engaged in fighting the
battles of the coun'ry on our fiomier. He believed
that although wr should suffer sc\ ercly, we should
coma out from another conflict with many glorious
wreath? on our brows.
Many a ra\en bad croaked in that day. Many
a Cassandra had foretold the ruin of the country.
But he regarded our country as the strongest for
good, and the weakest for eul,in the world—rest-
ing on public opinion. It is the only Government
in which there can be no revolution. Changes
there may he. But the evil of a government of
miliuuy chieftains, as predicted bv the Senator
from South Carolina, was the last which we ought
to four.
[The above is intended merely to show the gen-
eral bearing of the speech; a request having been
made that a regular report of it should be, for the
present, withheld."]
Mr. ASHLEY moved that the Senate adjourn;
but withdrew Ins motion, and,
On motion of Mr. SEVIER,
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
Executive business; and shortly afterwards the
doors were re-opened, and,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tff.sday, March 31, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday, without being read
through, was approved.
DAILY HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. A. D. SIMS asked leave to introduce the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the hour to which this House
shall henceforth stand adjourned, shall be 11 o'clock,
a. m., until otherwise ordered.
Objection having been made,
Mr. SIMS moved that the rules be suspended to
enable him to introduce the resolution.
Mr. WINTHROP (turning to Mr. McKay)
made a remark, of which nothing was heard by the
reporter.
But Mr. McKAY said he hoped the House
would agj ee to the change of hour, for it was high
time that it should be made.
Mr. WINTHROP asked the yeas and nays on
the motion to suspend the rules, which were or-
dered, and, being taken, were, yeas 105, nays 52.
So, two-thirds voting in the affirmative, the rules
were suspended.
And the resolution being thus before the House,
The question was taken, and it was adopted.
"EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
Mr. DROMGOOLE inquired if there was on the
Speaker's table a communication in relation to the
depositee of the public money?
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. DROMGOOLE asked that it be laid before
the House.
j And the SPEAKER, by consent, laid before the
j House the following communication:
| A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
! stating, in compliance with the 5th section of the
! act of the 30th of June, 1845, making appropria-
i tions for the civil and diplomatic expenses of th.e
I Government, and for other purposes, that the Bank
; of Baltimore, and the Bank of Louisiana, two of
i the depositories of the Government, have been dis*
' charged since the last session of Congress, with
i the reasons thereof; also, that the deposites have
1 been withdrawn from Francis Hodge, of George-
j town, and from the Bank' of Wooster, Ohio; to-
l gether with an extract from the Treasurer's last
. weekly report, showing the amount on deposite in
| the several depositories", as appears by the last re-
| turns, and a statement showing the stocks now
I deposited with the department as collateral securi-
j ty for the public funds in custody of the various
| depositories.
i On motion of Mr. DROMGOOLE, the comrmi-
i mention was laid on- the table, and ordered to be
; printed.
The SPEAKER also, by consent, laid before
the clouse a private bill from the Senate, (name
not heard:) which was read twice by its title, and
committed.
debate on the sub-treasury btt/t,.
Mr. DROMGOOLE offered the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That all debate shall cease on Thurs-
day next in Committee of the Whole on the state
of "the Union, on the bill of this House entitled
"A hill to provide for the better organization of the
treasury, and for the collection, safe-keeping, trans-
fer, and disbursement of the public revenue," at
one o'clock, p. m.; and the committee shall, having
voted without debate on the pending amendments
and such as may be offered, report the bill to the
House.
The resolution having been read—
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON moved to amend it
by striking out "Thursday," and inserting "Wed-
nesday."
Mr. DROMGOOLE said he believed theresolu-
: tion was not debatable.
i The SPEAKER said it was not.
i Mr. DROMGOOLE was understood to say, he
' hoped the motion would not prevail,
i The question on the amendment was then taken,
j and it was rejected.
| The question recurring on the adoption of the
] resolution—
! Mr. HAMLIN moved to strike out the hour of
j " one," and insert " three."
1 The amendment was rejected.
\ The question again recurring on the adoption of
' the resolution—
I Mr. WOODWORTH moved that it be laid on
; the table.
| Mr. BRINKERHOFF demanded the yeas and
I nays, but withdrew the demand.
i And the question being taken, the House de-
clared that the resolution should not be laid on the
■ table.
' And the question recurring on its adoption—
; Mr. McCONNELL moved to strik out "Thurs-
| day next at one o'clock," and insert "Saturday
j next at three o'clock."
i The amenpment was rejected.
The question again recurring on the adoption of
the resolution,
Mr. C. B. SMITH asked the yeas and nays;
which were refused.
And then the resolution was adopted.
So the House decided that all debate in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
on this bill should cease on Thursday next at one
o'clock.
the independent treasury.
On motion of Mr. DROMGOOLE, the House
resolved itself into Committee of the "Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Johnson, of Virginia,
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
bill to provide for the better oiganization of the
Treasury, and for the collection, safe-keeping, trans-
fer, and disbursement of the public revenue.
The pending question being on the following
amendment heretofore offered by Mr. C. B. Smith
to the 1st section of the bill—
" Provided, That nothing contained in this act
shall be so construed as to prevent the Secretary
