1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
579
of the Treasury from depositing the revenues of
the Government in any bank or banks when he
may deem it expedient; and also to receive Gov-
ernment dues in the paper of specie-paying banks.ii
Mr. GHIPMAN was entitled to the floor, but
yielded for the moment to
Mr. MARTIN, of Wisconsin, who offered the
following amendment:
Insert after the werd te felony" in the 16th line
of the 17th section, "And if any officer charged
with the disbursement of public moneys shall ac-
cept or receive, or transmit to the Treasury De-
partment, to be allowed in his favor, any receipt
or voucher from a creditor of the Unitccl Slates,
without having paid to such creditor, in such funds
as the said officer may have received for disburse-
ment, the full amount specified in said receipt or
voucher, every such act shall bo deemed to be a
conversion by such officer to his own use of the
amount specified in such receipt or voucher."
Mr. CHIPMAN resumed his remarks from
yesterday. He expressed his regret at having ob-
tained the floor, for he thought all the time allot-
ted to the debate justly belonged to the opposition
on this floor, to whom he wished should be given
full opportunity to cypress their vk-w-um thi« im-
portant question, tie thought this course best
calculated to promote the interests of the party to
which he belonged, as he thought such ^pecchcs
as they had yesterday had from the gentleman
from Indiana, would he more effective against the
gentleman's own paity than any which might
come from the side of the House to which he (Mr.
C.) belonged. As for His* opponents, he did not
wish to triumph over a fnlien foe—u tie morlith
nihil txiai bonum1' was ever his maxim. He alluded
to the sneers which had been attempted to be
thrown upon the Democratic party for having
changed their opinions on this subject, and vin-
dicated their course on the ground of having seen
their errors and renounced them-—n course of which
the Whig party wcio never guilty. He refcried
to the early history of the independent, treasury,
as connected wiih the deposito bunks of the coun-
try, and came down to its fund establishment in
1840, and its repeal in hot basic, eifecied by the
triumph of the Whig party in wli.it was justly
styled yesterday by the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. IjCakb] the great national dchaurh of 1H-I0.
In passing, he touched upon some of the moral and
physical characteristics of that contest, whose his-
tory was wrapped up in such disgrace.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Smith) told
them that the country was now prospe rous; timi it
had recovered from the financial embarrassments
and ruin of 1836 and 1837; but that, be it observed,
was without the aid of a national bunk, which had
always been considered so necessary and indis-
pensable by the gentleman's party to the well-
regulation of the currency and the prospeiily of
lhe country. He ridiculed the disparaging idea
advanced, by the gentleman, of a " hard-money
currency'* compared with bank issues, and com-
mented upon the discounts, lov-us, and denote-
ments which followed in the wake of a flood of
paper issues.
The proposition before the committee was to
take the money collected by the Government for
the people in gold and silver and place it in secure
keeping. Tim money was now left, to the keep-
ing of one person without guards or securities; it
was an independent treasury without sufficient
regulations; and the first treasury aci passed under
the Administration of Washington, and which
was now in force, contained the substantial princi-
ples of that system which it was now proposed to
carry out in greater perfection.
The cry was raised that this independent treas-
ury would create one currency for the people and
-another for the Government. But was it not the
people's money which was collected by the Gov-
ernment?—and was it not immediately paid out
and continually circulating throughout the commu-
nity? It was a miserable humbug; such as the
Whi°-s had always to hunt up in order to make a
successful contest before the people.
He would detain the committee no longer. He
hoped to hear from some of the <c great guns" of
the Opposition, and that the Whig party would
come out and proclaim their principles boldly to
the people. There was the gentleman from Illi-
nois, (understood to be Mr. Baker,) who was
styled the universal Representative of the ^North-
west; he hoped to hear from him; and if he had
a just regard to th" interests of that State, he
would unite with him (Mr. C.) hi going for a re-
duction of this oppressive plundering tarift. He
closed with repudiating all desire and all idea of
advantage to his own State from any connexion
with the hank ra^s of the country. That State,
with its vast surplus of wheat, wanted nothing of
any currency bettor than gold and silver. He also
appealed to other gentlemen from whom he wished
to hear in due time,
Mr. J. It. JXGKRSOLL was understood to say
he had thought this independent treasury had left
in it nothing to command it to rev-net: and that were
|i it not for the respect he eutert'iincd for h s friends
j| and colleagues on the ComtniUcfi of Ways and
•; Means who favored u, he should not have frit htm-
self called upon to address the House. 3f -should
!] not paitjeip.tf" in the d'sutrsive icmarks which
had been thrown our (lewa-iv iliinj; toac-ord to
the gentleman from <>eori'N and other gentlemen^
much credit for tin tr lull and lu< id investigation oi
lhe proceedings of th"27!h Comriess, in their re-
peal of lhe sub-treasnrv sysiem. Uut their iuends
of ihe present ma {ontv ought to recollect that great
trees are long in growing to their height, but they
are cut down in an hum; and therefore no equal
iniputaiiim.s or eompkiints could a* pa-fly be made
against a party who, when s.-Ue-fted of the errors
of a system, we it to the ground speedily, as
agamstthat party which should build up n svsteni,
in its nature and ehnnv'ter cxfrnncly complicated,
without allouin'r ample time fi.r its investigation
even by (h. se fa\ oiahie to it. They should recol-
lect also tin- dennn>'i.i(tons on then- p<o t a^ain^t the
" hoi ha«l«%t4 of the Whig party n the x-peal of I
this law, and tin succe- s \\ irh wit' h they mad-
thes?
app.
and ht waie
stockholders, had it not been for the intervention
of lhe Secretary of the Treasury of the United
States, who placed the funds of the Government at
its control' And was not the bank ruined from
similar causes, when, carried into Pennsylvania, it
did not have the funds of the Government ?
Mr. INGERSOLL replied to the first inquiry,
that he could not undertake to speak of a temporary
embarrassment at the particular period referieu to,
but he (lid say that, during its whole period, no
ruinous revulsions or embarrassments took place in
its concerns: that it discharged in the be'st manner
the duties of a financial institution for the Govern-
ment, exerted an influence in the highest degree
beneficial to the people, and died in great and glo-
lioes prosperity. "With lcfciencc to the second
inquiry, he considered that there was no analogy
be. ween the State institution of Pennsylvania, called
the Hank of the Tinned States, and a national bank;
and that its disaster arose from the error of its man-
agers undertakiniTunder a State charter to carry on
the immense machnxny of a stock of $35,000,000,
and from other errors and indiscretions.
Mr. I. stated several further points of objection
he had to this bill, and detailed reasons winch led
him to the conclusion that we weie better oft under
the existing law than under this bill, if passed and
that a Bank of the United States, under proper pro-
visions and regulations, would" furnish a far cheap-
er, easier, safer, and more natural instrumentality
for the transaction of the financial affairs and the
security of the Treasury of the United States1.
Mr. "I. T. 1IOLMES said this was a grave ques-
tion. It adected the currency and affected cotton—
one of the essential interests of the country. The
hill pioposcd to collect the revenue in specie, and,
tin ic'bre, it was uiged it would abstract so much
from the emrene v. and from the ability of the coun-
try to envy on its business. The business of the
country, in a practical point of view, was divided
into two classes: one consisted in the application of
capital to labor; the other was a species of appli-
cation that tended to the destruction of the inter-
est of labor. What was the banking system,
w hicli had been so much lauded by the gentleman
fjoiu J>( nnsyhania, who had just spoken ( Itwas
' a system of immense potentiality, and its value
depended upon its management—the nice adjust-
ment and adaptation of us powers. He admitted
that it hod, in some respects, been valuable; that it
had developed the energies and promoted the en-
terprise of the country. It said to labor, " We
will give you the currency in which you are to be
paid, but we will give you no standard by which
you can estimate its value." By this system labor
was regulated by secret councils, held in bank
parlors, whose effect on the currency was as sud-
den and magical as the touch of Aladdin's lamp.
Look to the operations of the United States
Rank, an institution which he did not wish to say
anything to the disparagement of, for in some re-
spects it had been a \aluable institution, and it
would be seen that it would require superhuman
•virtue to regulate its concerns in a safe manner.
That bank was possessed of a capital that over-
; shadowed all other banks, and it controlled the
! banking operations in e^ery State of the Union.
I Other banks were perfectly indifferent as to the
! basis of specie. They looked to the creat central
i institution, supposing that it would look to the ex-
1 changes, and see that the proper portion of specie
was kept in the country to maintain the paper cur-
| rcney.
! The bank supposed that its credit would enable
it to legnlate the exchanges, not only in the United
! States, but in Europe, and also the East Indies.
1 Its bills were substituted forspecicin the purchase
of leas and silks m China. But the bank was
obliged to transmit specie to meet the bills, not
indeed to China, bat to their agents in London—
the .Barings. No specie was apparently used
Bank of the United States never had an explosion jj in this trade, while in fact it w^s goin^ out of the
i or revulsion, with the exception of a brief period j| country every du}^. The specie continued to go
after its establishment; and that it lived and died ij out, until the amount in the country was reduced
in great and g!oih>us prosperity, and paid the Gov- | to six millions. The bank drew upon alHhe other
It what they successfully pointed out a:-, an evil ex-
ij ample.
i; Ah. 1. proceeded to show that there wei o objec-
|| (ions to ihi*> phm which were fully adequate to
|j count* ['balance ;il! the snidest ions in jfs fa\or. lie
!j referred to the jeparf of Mr. Ihunumni.i: aeeoni-
jl pnnymg this bill, m the i;c t Confess, dircctm:'
!j many of his remarks to a reply to positions theie-
I{ m l,iid dow n; am! he  Mid, if the \ jeu s taken by
Jj the gcnil-'uiaii m that fail and able argument were
correct, there u,is much m <'d of sueh n >y.->tem-
but he considered some of them erroneous.
Ills first objection to this phm of an independent
treasury wa*, that ir was altogether unnecessary
Everything contained in the twenty-six sections of
this voluminous bill was substantially contained
m the net of 178!) orgamxmgtheTrcnsury Depart-
ment of the United States. Tfc explained the pro-
visions, (.hej]<Nt and sceiuities upon the treasury
provided in the fourth section of that act. and ap-
jl phuuled the admirable \\>xdom displayed in this
jl epitome of financial regulations. There was no-
li thing m this bill of a broad, e\'pansi\e, statesman-
[i like character; it was at I csr hut an incident: it
!} builds up, it establishes nothing. U pro\ided that
|j all dues to the United States should be paid, from
!■ and aficr June .10, jNlfl, in gold find silver coin
p only. (Jold and silver were valuable in then* proper
p placc, but no cmh/.ed nation hud ever mode them
j« the exclusive medium of circulation, and it was
P ullerly impossible that it should be done. Tie
[I cited some practical eases in which bills of rx-
;! change or other currency ore much more come-
ly nienl and valuable than the precious metaU: those
jj concerned should be left at least to choose for them- !'
|, selves. j!
;1 1 fe reverted to the state of the country during the
/ forty years'existence of a Bank of the United
States, and said the prosperity of the country was H
j, infinitely augmented through its instrumentality: }'
; and he controverted the correctness of a remark m ']
the report of Mr. nun\u;ooir. relating to the " em- li
barrassments, revuKions,ruinous exphnion^," «&e. |,
of the Dank of the United States, averring that the 'j
eminent of ihe Uniod Suites, at the extremity of
its period, all the friends of the Government de-
. sired it to pay.
• Some conversation na^sed between Mr. JONES,
j! of Georgia, mid Mr. l\TGERSOTX, on this point,
i! The substance of Mr. .TOXES'S inquiries being,
ij whether the Bank of (he United States, chartered
-j m 1S16, would not, in lSl9,have been prostrated
II and ruined by the speculations of its directors and
! banks, till it had exhausted them. The local
banks felt easy, bccause the United States Bank
was supposed to have the means of protecting the
paper currency.
't'he local banks were isssumg three dollars in
paper for one in specie: but, instead of specie,
they had the notes of the T>ank of the United
States. Men rushed into speculations of the wild-
est kind, and there was no standard of the value
