580
THE CONGRESSIONAL 'GLOBE.
April 1,
of labor; for it rose and fell with the facilities of
obtaining bank paper. The paper of the United
States Bank was the basis of the operations of all
the others. The wreck was universal, and prop-
erty was sacrificed, and thousands were ruined.
The convulsion shook the country to its centre,
and it required years to recover from its effects.
Now what was it proposed to do by this bill?
He cared nothing for the measure, as one for the
safety of the public money merely. The Govern-
ment was not made to preserve and guard the
money of the people, butto protect their interests—
to protect the interests of labor. This measure
would make it imperative on the banks to keep
such a quantity of specie as would answer the
demands* of the country. It would be eternally
demanding: of the banks more or less specie. True,
there would never be more than eight or ten millions
wanted at any one time from the banks; but the
"knowlftd^e that they were liable to be called upon
would induce them to retain such a portion of spe-
cie as would sustain their paper issues. It would
render the banks continually jealous of their credit;
it would make them Argus-eyed in watching each
other—m watching the ingress and egress of the
precious metals. "By these multiplied guards, it
would be rendered certain that the banks would
never be left without a sufficient muii in specie.
The banks will be compelled to make continual
statements to their own stockholders, and to have
a board of comparison, as in England. What
would be the eiTcct of this system? Would it stop
the business of the country, as the gentleman from
Pennsylvania had said ? The whole sum at any
one time in the treasury would not exceed eight
or ten millions; and tlie system would aid the
business of the country by checking imprudent
and rash speculation. As to mere safety, he be-
lieved the public money would be as safe in the
banks as anywhere. The penalties were not, how-
ever, more severe upon the banks than upon the
sub-treasurers.
The whole question was, whether a country,
with so many States, independent of each other and
of the General Government, as to the issues of pa-
per, ought not to establish some check upon the
issues of paper, and enable the people to have some
standard by which to regulate value?
Mr. C. J. INGEItSOIXi (whose remarks will
be given in the Appendix) spoke m favor of the
bill, adverting to his action in opposition to it at a
former session, and orguing that the amendments
now proposed to the bill, under the sanction of the
Committee of Ways rmd Means, had obviated the
causes of his objection to it, and brought him to
the conclusion to vote for its passage.
Mr. MILTON BROWN (whose remarks also
will be given m the Appendix) opposed the bill,
but directed the greater portion of his remarks to
a reply to some of the points of Mr. C. J. Inceii-
soll's argument, and to a demonstration of the
position, that whatever cause of objection existed
during the last Congress in the mind of that gen-
tleman against the bill then under consideration,
was in nowise removed by the terms or provisions
of this.
The Chairman then gave the floor to—
Mr. GlllDER, who yielded to a motion that the
committee rise: which prevailing,
The committee rose,
And the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following Petitions and Memorials were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
Rv Mi. liATIITiUN: The petition of the Mayor and 125
citi/.eus of the citv of Alb.uiv, asking the appointment of
oivihiUN to t'lP h"nds of bureau- m the Navy Department:
referred t.> the Committee on the Judiciary.
Bv M,\ FICKL1N: The petition of Joseph Puquet, and
many othci ciUzcns of Ja>pcr county, Illinois, praymz an
increase of mail facilities fjom Olney. in Richland county,
to St. Maiv, and thenee to Newton, ni Jasper county; which
was refeired to the Committer on the Post Office and Pos-t
Route.
Bv Mr. HOGE: The petition of 157 citizens of the Stale
of Illinois, asking Congre^ for an appropriation for the re-
moval of obstnictionn m the lapid? of the Mi-^i^ippi river:
referred to the Committee on Roads and Oanate.
By Mi. WENTWORTH: Tne petition of Joseph Pe-
ter;-, 2d, in favor of free tiade: lefoired to the Committee
of Ways and Mean-?.
By Mr. WHITE: A memorial of citizens of Saratoga
county, and State of New York, remonstiating; against the
renewal and extension of letters-patent 10 Benjamin II.
wo©d, lor the improvement in cast-hon plough* heretofoie
granted to Jethro Wood, now deceased; which was referred
to the ComnnU'-e on Patent?.
By Mi. SEAMAN: The inemoji.il of the Common Coun-
cil of the city of Biooklvn, m lelation to the defences of the
cities of New Yoik and Brooklyn, and praying Congress to
put them in a proper state of defence.
Bv Mr. YELL: The petition of 46 citizens of Fulton
couhtv, Aikau^, piaym^ for the establishment of a mail-
route fiom Bate&ville, to Fulton couit-house, in said rotate:
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
By Mr. HUNT: The petition of Anna McLean, praying
compensation foi tiie services of her hubband, who died m
the service m 1813.
By Mr. JAMES II. JOHNSON; The petition of David
Pettit, a soldier of the last war, for a pension for disabilities
inclined during hi* <ei viee* in the Hune.
By Mr. JEFFERSON DAVIS: The petition of Joseph
Roger, of Missi-Pippi, lor indemnification foi the lo<s sus-
tained by the icceipt ot aTinited States treasury note, which
had been cancelled, hut fraudulently reissued: referred to
the Committee of Claims.
By Mr MeCLEtlNAND: The petition of a number of the
citizens of Indiana ami Illinois, piavmg a post-route from
Evaiibville, via New Harmony, Giayvttle, Albion, and Fair-
field, to Salem, m Mid l<i-<t-nientioned State: refeired to the
Committee on the Post Oflie.e and Pot Road--.
By Mr. COCKE- The petition of Peter Rambo. of the
count) of Sevier, m the State of Tenne^ee, piaving Con-
gie^.-ioi compensation for monej tnken fiom him by the
British, whilr-t at the sunender of Fort Niasjaia, in the late
war. Th" petition of JcMah Kindred, of the county of Mor-
gan, in th'  State of Tennessee, prujing Contrress to grant
lum .i pennon on aceount. ot sei vu-es lendeied to his coun-
try as a soldi.•! for a penod of seventeen year 4,ineludingthe
lat<> war with Great flmrnn.
By Mi. M. L. MARTIN: The petition of M. M. Putney,
and 86 other settlers on the eaual reseivo, in Wi-ieonf-in,
asking that the pace of the land in<i\ he lednced, and pre-
emptions gi anted to them. The petition of William M.
Dennis, and othei citizen* of Wisconsin, a>Knui an uppio-
pnation loi (he load trom Mihvaukie to that place.
IN SENATE.
"Wepnksday, Jlpnl 1, 1846.
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a com-
munication from the State Department, exhibiting
the number of clerks employed ill that office, and
their compensation.
Mr. SPEIGHT rose fur the purpose of moving
a reconsideration of the vote taken yesterday, by
which the resolution repoited by Mr. Bhef.se, from
the Committee on Public Lands, in relation to the
completion of certain maps of the public lands, was
rejected. lie was induced to this course, in order
that that resolution might lie amended, so as to
make it a joint resolution, and thus remove tiie ob-
jection raised to it by the Senator from Missouri,
[Mr. Bunton'.]
Mr. EVANS suggested that the object would be
accomplished by the introduction of a new joint
resolution.
Mr. SPEIGHT withdrew his motion to recon-
sider, and the subject was passed over.
Mr. HANNTiGAN presented the petition of citi-
zens of Cayuga county, New York, remonstrating
against the renewal of a patent heretofore granted
to Jethro Wood; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. BAGBY submitted an additional document
in relation to the claims of Jacob Housman; which
was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. STURGEON presented a joint resolution
passed by the Legislature of the State of Pennsyl-
vania, in favor of the establishment of a naval depot
at Erie, in that State: which was ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs. «.
Mr. ATCHISON presented the petition of citi-
zens of the western pait, of the State of Missouri,
praying the establishment of military posts on the
route to Oregon; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. DIX presented a remonstrance of citizens
of Wayne county, New York, against the renewal
of a patent heretofore granted to Jethro Wood; '
which was laid on the table. ]
Mr. PEARCE presented certain resolutions
passed by the Legislature of the State of Mary- '
land, in favor of the erection of a beacon light at !
the mouth of the harbor of Annapolis, in that \
State; also, in favor of making the bridges over
the Eastern branch of the Potomac free of toll; .
which were ordered to be printed, and laid on the
table. !
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented papers relating to
the claim of Hannah Severance; which were re- ,
ferred to the Committee on Pensions. :
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, presented the
memorial of Ross Winans and others, praying 1
that steel may be admitted into the various ports ■
of the United States free of duty, which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. J. also presented certain resolutions passed
by the Legislature of the State of Maryland, in
favor of a repeal of the pilot laws of March 2,
1837; also, in favor of a light-boat at the mouth of
the Patapsco river, and buoys at the mouth of the
Wicomico river; which were ordered to be print-
ed, and lie on the table.
Mr. J. also presented resolutions passed by that
body in favor of the erection of fortifications on
Sollers's Point flats, in the harbor of Baltimore;
which took the same course.
Mr. DICKINSON .presented a remonstrance
of citizens of New York, against the renewed of
Jethro Wood's patent; which was laid upon the;
table.
Mr. DIX moved a reconsideration of the refer-
ence ordered, in the case of the petition of James
Buchanan; which was agreed to.
Mr. D. then asked that the petitioner have leave
to withdraw his papers; which was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, submitted the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That 500 copies of a compilation of
the pension laws now in force, printed by order of
the House of Representatives under its order of
the 31st of January, 1846, be printed for the use
of the Senate.
Mr. NILES moved that the resolution be refer-
red to the Committee on Printing; which was
agreed to.
Mr. FAIRFIELD submitted the following reso-
lution; which was agreed tor
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions in-
quire into the expediency of granting a pension to
Hannah Severance, for the military services of her
husband in the war of the Revolution.
Mr. DAYTON, from the Committee on Public
Buildings, submitted the following resolution;
which was agreed to:
Resolved, That Professor Espy be authorized to
construct one of his patent ventilators, and apply
the same to the Senate Chamber, and that the ex-
pense thereof be paid by the Senate out of the con-
tingent fund, provided that the same does not ex-
ceed §250.
Mr. BREESE moved that the prior orders of
the day should be postponed, and that the Senate
take up for consideration the report submitted by
him from the Committee on Contingent Expenses
of the Senate, in relation to providing additional
accommodations for the public in the Senate Cham-
ber; which motion was agreed to.
The report was accordingly taken up.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON asked how many re-
porters were to be excluded ?
Mr. BREESE referred the Senator to the. plan
accompanying the report. There were not more
than five or six regular reporters employed; and it
was not intended to make special provision for the
accommodation of letter-writers, as such.
Mr. MANGIJM wished to ask what was the
extent of accommodation at present afforded to the
reporters, how many were now accommodated,
and to what extent it was proposed to diminish
that accommodation?
Mr. BREESE referred the gentleman to the re-
port. As he had already remarked, there were"
only four or five regular reporters employed in the
Senate, who practised the art of stenography.
Mr. CLAYTON hoped the Senator would al-
low the resolution to lie over for the present. If
the object was to exclude any of the letter-writers,5
he would most decidedly oppose the measure. But
in order that Senators might have time to examine
the report, he moved that the resolution be laid
upon the table for the present.
Mr. MA iVGTJM also hoped that the resolution
would lie over for the present. He would take
this occasion, however, to reply to a remark which
fell from the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Breese.]
to the effect that a due regard to the accommoda-
tion of the public in the gallery rendered it impos-
sible to afford much space to the letter-writers and
reporters. That remark appeared to him (Mr.
M.) not to be characterized by the usual discretion
and accuracy of the honorable Senator. Surely
the convenience, and accommodation of that indus-
trious and intelligent body—the letter-writers—
were of more importance than the accommodation
