582
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
piper «tatin? the authority on winch the deewon of the
connmsaioneis under the treaty of Utrecht rests, and the
reasoning opposed to the couituiction, making the 4!Jth do- ,
gree of latitude the northern bounduiy of Loui-iuna, v.ith •
marginal notes in suppoit of that eoji-.tiueiion. Tins pr-p^i
will put \ou more readily into po-ssc-sion of the .-uM'-'Ct, as
it may enter into your discus-ions with the Buti-di Govern- ,
meiit But you Will p^iccive The necessity of iceuiriof  to i
the pioceeduujs of tne eomim -sumcr>. as the someeofau- j
thentic information. These aie not within our reach heie, [
and it iiiue-t, consequently. be left to voui own researches j
and judgment to detoimme the propci use to he made of
them.-''
Mr. B. remarked upon the language of this ex- :
tract. The fact of the commissaries having acted j
was assumed for certain: the precise terms of their
act, and the construction of those terms, was not
exactly known; and Mr. Monroe was directed to |
examine the proceedings of the commissaries in
London—to ascertain the paiticulais—and to act
according to his judgment. Mr. Monroe did so,
and found not the least difficulty on either branch
of las duty. The justification for the non-ratifiai- '
tion of the boundary clause seems to have been :
admitted without a word: nor did the other branch
of the subject encounter the least difficulty. The
Utrecht treaty carried all through: but let Mr. ;
Monroe speak for himself. In his letter to Mr. !
Madison, of September 8, 1804, he says: |
" We then piocecd'd to e\<wine th.; convention iespr,et-
hig the boundation in ihe hyht ju which the latdk auoi: by 1
tm1 Pr<\-ident pi evented if. On that .-uhjeet, aKo, I omitted
nothing which the document-* m my por-be-.'-ion enabled nie
to sav; in aid oi which, I tiiou^sst it advisable, a few dajs
afterward?, to send to his loid-bip a i.otv exphuritoiy nf the 1
motives winch induced the IVi-ubrnt and Senate to decline '
ratifying the fifth article. As the affair had become by that i
ciicin^taticp in some degiee a delicate one, and a-> it w as
in ifc> natuie intricate, I Thought it nnpioper lo let the e\- :
planation winch I bad f:iven le-t on the memoiy of a Mngle '
jndividml. By committing it to piper, it might be belter
under? tood bv Loid Hejiowby. ana by the Cabinet, to whom ,
lie will doubtless submit it."
In this extract, (lesumed Mr. B.,) Mr. Momoe !
shows that he held a conversation with Lord Har- ■
rowby, the British Secretary of State, and used the !
Utrecht treaty for both the purposes for which he '
had been instructed to use it, and with perfect sue- '
cess. He also shows that, unwilling to leave such 1
an important matter to the memory ofan individual, !
lie drew up the substance of his comeisulion jn j
writing, and delivered it to Lord Harrowby, that '
he might lay it before the Cabinet. The produc- ,
tion of this paper, then, is the next link in the chain |
of the evidence to be laid before the Senate; and '
here it is:
Paper vespeclhi'i the bovidani of the United Stales, dclncr-
cd to Lord T!ai roulu, September f>, It'll 1.
" By the tenth arucic of tin: li.vttv of Uiceht, it is acreed 1
'that Fiance Knilt le-toie to G'tat I>ut<u.i {lie Inn" and
Ml ads nf Hudson, fuvthei wilh all 1 nui-i, m a-, <-e,ie'n'i-i>;
riveis, and placs -itiiate in the s-aitl bin and Mian-, wlecu
belong thcieunto,' &c. It i-aNo traced.4 tiiPtooinniis.-aues
shah be foilbwith appoint* d by each Powei to d ,t-,iv;jnr,
withm a year, the linuf-> between the ••aid bar of Hi:!-nu
mid the places appcit uning b> the Fiench ; and al-o to de-
t-ciibe and settle, in like manner. the bounddiics between
the othei Rnti-.h and French colnui'-: in iho e pari-..'
u Comni !>5tU ics weie aeooMfnsgiy appointed by each
Powei,«/i'> ccra tiled the. <&it,vl(di>n$ of the treaty in ct"h- 1
hshinq the boundaries proposed hjit. They fixed the tioi th-
ern bound.iiv of Canada and Louisiana by a line besunmnr
in the Atlantic, at a "cape or promontory m 5b°30'noith
latitude, theme. southwestwardly to the Lake Misra-m;
Theriee, furthei --nufhwe^t to the latitude of 49° noith fiom !
the equator, and along that hue indefinitely." j
Mr. B. stopped the reading, and remarked upon i
the extract as far as read. He said this was a state- 1
ment—a statement of fact—made by Mr. Monroe
to Lord Harrowby, and which, of itself, establish- 1
ed the twofold fact, that the commissaries did act 1
under the treaty of Utrecht, and established the
49th parallel as the boundary line between France
and Great Britain from the Lake of the Woods? in-
definitely west. How unfortunate that the Sena-
tor from Michigan had not looked to authentic
documents, instead of looking to Mr. Greenhow's
book, and becoming its dupe and its victim. If so,
he never could have fallen into the serious error of
denying the establishment of the line under the
treaty of Utrecht; and the further serious error of
saying that Mr. Monroe had added nothing to Mi.
Madison's statement, and had left the question as
doubtful as he found it. In point of fact, Mr. Mon-
roe added the particulars of which Mr. Madison had
declared his ignorance; added the beginning, the
courses, and the ending of the line; and stated the
whole with the precision of a man who had taken
his information from the proceedings of the com-
missaries. And to whom did he deliver this paner >
.4° a Bntish Secretary of State, to be laid before
tne tUng m Cabinet Council, and to be used against
the Power who was a party to the treaty ! And
what did Loi d Harrowby sayDeny the fact, like
the Senator who is so unfoitunate as to follow Mr.
Grecnhow, or even iesist the argument resulting
from the fact? xNot at all. He made no objection
to either the fact or the inference; and Mr. Monroe
thus proceeded to apply his facts, and to urge the
exclusion of the British from the navigation of the
Mississippi and its entue valley, as a matter of
right, under the Utrecht treaty, and by the provis-
ions of which they could hold no teintory south of
49°. Hear him:
" By Mitchell's map, by -which the treaty of 1783 w.v
fojmod, il wa-i evident that The notthwestern point of the
Lake of the IVood- wa-; at 5ea-t as hiah north as the lati-
tude of ltr°. r,y the o'irei rations ot Mr. Thompson, as-
Uonoinci to the* Noithwe t r.i Company, it appears to be
in latitude 19° y<'. )Jy joining then, the*we-tetn boundny
of Canada to it-i nouhein in (be Lake of the Wood.-", and
eloMinr both theie, itioliows that it v. as the obvioui inten-
tion of the Minieler  who negotiated the treaty, and of
tueir ic-pceli\e Government2. ti<nt The United States should
po^ses^ all the frutoiy hin  between tlie Lake< and the
3Ii.«M-.>-ipni, f-ou'h of tin- p.uaU^I of the -i£th degiee of
noi rh 1,'JiTud". ri'!'H is eorifn rued by the couisos w Inch are
aftetwauis pm-u'd ! v th-: treaty. Miiee they are piccj-ely
tho^e winch iiad been et-tabls^Lect between Gieat Butain
and Fiance m f-rmcr tiuatiot Pv runiiirg due w^ft from
the noithwc-s-toni pomt of tne Lai:e of the Woods to the
ippi, it inu-t iiave hi en intended, according to tlie
li<!;!if< b< oie thetn, to take the paiallel of ihe 49lh deyiee
of iatmal • a-(.-.taliSivhed ui,d'-i the tr.'aty of Uticeht; and
j)u..-uin!; tlience tbo coarse of tiie ^Ji^&i^ippi to the 31 s^t
degtec of lint ide, tile whole e>i"nt of the western bound-
ary of ihe Umt«d Ptateo. th * l>oundaiy winch had been
Cftabh-shed by ihe treaty oi 3*^3 uas actually adopted. This
eoncluMoii i- fmthei taipjioif d by the hbeial spirit winch
tenninatfdthew.il of oui Revolut.bn: it having been mam-
fe t!v the muntion of the ]>njt-c-* to heal, a> far as could
be done, the wound-, which i' had mfheted. Nor j.s it
e.-.-enti"ilv wi^akenod by tliu ci cuiiotanco that the
Mt-aippi i. oaii. it lei b\ the w e> uhim ous^e fiOin the Lake
of the Wood-, oi t'>at it- luni^afon i-< -Jipniat^d in favor
ofboth Powers, ^"e.-tward of the Mi-^ts-ippi, to the south
of tlie -'9th {'."Moe of noirh latitude, Gieat Biitain held
thei° no tpvijor,; unit wa- her we.t<'in boundaiv.
In rninnncj wo>t. and ceding the t^nitorv to the rivei. it
• mipo-'ible not to call tor it: aid, on the suppo-ition
t'i.it it took u-. -ouiLC w if'u.i thu limits of the Hudson
Hay Company, it wn.i naoual t!,at it «-honld stipulate the
foe navicatioa of the n\^r, bnt, ui -o dont.?, it is pre-umcd
that hei Govcimnent iexpected moie a dedicate sen--e ot
v.'luit it misiit be .--u|)po*ed M owe to the interest of that
eompanv, tlian anv stiomr monve of policy, founded on tiie
lnteie^b of Cinada, or its other possessions in that quar-
tet. As G'<Mt fhaairi ceded at the same time the Florida,>
to Spain, ih.Miavri.-'iOji of the Mi-Ni^ippi by her .--ubject^,
if it took place, beinyr tmd >r a foieiirti iinr^'diction, could
not fail to draw tiom h> i iavh tenitoues the resources
which ptopcih beloturid to theni. and thriefore could not
he view<4>l in the li^lit of a national advantage. After the
tieaty oi 17^3, and at the time the convention m contempla-
tion was e;ite<i'd mt</, th  stai" ot thm^ was as is a'oo\-e
-ii'ted The temtoiv wineb Great Putam held wett of the
T-ake of the Wool's w<v honntled <-outh by tlie foitj-ninth
de^ieeoj nostii iatiinde: that w Inch lay between the Lake
of the Wood-* and the Mi-:;-.^ippi, southwaid of that p.ual-
b'l. beluMjied to the Tinted ite-,; and that which lay to The
v.e-t of tin- Mi-M^-jpp) to Spam. I' brmjy, hov--evei, undei-
stoo'l, by moie tcci-m di^"(!\ei-e::, or ob'-eivations, that the
-'iinoe ol't'rie ."M:.-i--.in;n did n.->t .%\tend so bi h noith a^ had
be-u supposed ; and Great Bnt.un ha\ mg shown a dc-ire to
have tlie boundaiv o! tiie 1,'inted State* modified m such
manner as to >tnko that uvr. ail aitKle to  h.if cfleetwas
inserted in the hue convention ; but, m t-o dome, it was not
the intention of the Aiueuean Mmisfei or of t!ie Bntish Min-
ister to do moie than >iinply to define the Aim'ncau bound-
ary ltw:iv not contemplated by oith-T of them that Amenca
hliould ccn\e\ to Great lintam any tiirlH to the tenitoi v lvmg
we-.twaid of t'lat line, j-iuce not a' foot of it belonged to her ;
it was jntrnded to Umvc st to Gieat Britain to settle the point
a® to such t'Mritoiv. oi Mudi poition of it as she rrnVht want,
with Spam, or lather wilh Fi.mce. to whom it then belonged.
Arthi-s peiiod.howevei. eejiam me-ismes respecting the Mi«-
ti<sippi, and movemi'iil-' in that qinit'-r. took place, which
seemed to menace (he <*rent inteiesfs of Amenca that weie
dei>end^nt on that nver. Tliese excited our sensibility, acute
and mnvej-al. ol'which, m an equal decree, her lustoiy fur-
ni-hes lew evamp'es. Tl'.ey led to n disen---.ion winch ter-
minated m a neatywith Fiance, bvwhieb that Porvcrcpded
to the United States the whole of Lout-aana, as she had re-
ceivedit of Spam. This tieat\ took place on the 30th of
April, 1803, twelve da\'s <,nlv before the convention between
Great Butain and the United States wa<5 signed, and some
da\(- before the adoption of-uch u f •*<•.'> \\:u  known to the
Pb'niooT'-'i'tianes who neffotiated and naned tlie convention.
Under such cnciun^tanee^. u w jmpos-nbl0 that anv nirht
wluch the Lmtod ^tat "•> rU'iiv^d undei that tieatj could be
conveyed by This convention to Great Hiitain. or that the
Ministers who foim°d the convention could have contem-
plated such an eif^ct bv H. Tim-! the stipulation winch is
contained m tiie pftn ninel^ o>" Th,j copveimon has become,
by the cP-uon node bv the tioaty })"i feetlv nucjaton-; for
as Great Britain hold* no terntoiy «southwaid of the forU-
nirth dojrf e of north latitud.-\and the United States the
wholo of it, th<_ hn" piopos''<1 b\ that aiticle would mu
thioush a couutij which now belongs exclusively to the
Inner."
This reasoning (s.iid Mr. B.) was conclusive;
and m the cmuse of the negotiations which follow-
ed, both pnrties actually proposed articles, adopt-
ing the Utrecht line from the Lake of the "Woods,
with a pioviso against its application to the coun-
try west of the Rocky mountains. In adopting
the line, both articles were identical; the provisoes
were the same; the only difference was in ihe modi-
fication of the extent of the line. Here they are;
"Article 5, as proposed by tke American Commissioners.
«It is agreed that a line drawn due north or south (as the
case may require) from the most northwestern' pait of the
Lake of the Woods, until it shall intersect the forty-ninth
parallel of north latitude, and from the point of such inter-
section due we&t along and with the said parallel, shall' .be
the dividing line between hi& Majesty's territories and those
| of the United States to the westward of said lake; and that
i the sain line to and along with the said parallel shall form
j the southern boundary of his Majesty's territories, and the
! nuithern boundaiv of the said territories of the United States;
I Piovulcil, That nothing in the present article shall be con-
j strueel to extend to the northwest coast of America, or to
| the tenitories belonging to or claimed by either party on the
; continent of America to the westward of the Stony moun-
: tarns.JJ
c: Article 5, as the BritiJi Commissioners would agree to
make it.
" It is agreed that a line diawn due north or south (as the
eaou may lcquirc) fiom the most northwestern point of tlie
Lake of the Woods, until it fchall intersect the forty ninth
parallel of noith latitude, and from the point of such inter-
section dU3 west, along and with the said parallel, shall be
the dividing line between lus Majesty's tenitories and .those
of the United States to the we^tvi arc! of tiie said lake, as far
as their respective temtoiies extend in that quarter; and that
the said line shall, to that extent, form the toulkcm bound-
ary of his Mctjestj'i said tenitories, and the ncrikem
boundary of tlie said territories of the United States: Pro-
filed, That nothing m the present article shall be con-
stiued to extend to the northwest coast of Amenca, or to
The t°rriTones belonging to, or claimed by, either paity on
the continent of Amenca to the westward of tlie Stony
j mountains."
! Here is concurrence (said Mr. B.) in the pro-
' ceedings of the commissaries under the treaty of
j Utrecht. Heie is submission to that treaty on
[ the part of the British, and a surrender, under its
| inexorable provisions, of all pretensions to the
; long-cherished and darling pursuit of the free nav-
; igation of the Mississippi. True, the article did
i not then ripen into a treaty stipulation. It was
; many years afterwards—namely, at London, in
: 1818—that this line of 49 was established to the
j Rocky mountains; but the offer of the article in
: 1807 was conclusive of the pretension, and though
j mentioned at Ghent in 1815, it was quickly aban-
j doned.
I The question now (Mr. B. said) was to see what
I recejDtion these articles met with at home—met
! with from Mr. Jefferson—to whom they were of
! course immediately communicated. And here let
; Mr. Jefferson speak for himself, as speaking
through Mr. Madison, in a letter to Messrs. Mon-
roe and Pinkney, (Mr. Pinkney, of Maryland,
having then joined Mr. Monroe in London,) under
' date of July 30, 1807:
! "Tour ljtter of April 25, enclosing the British profit of a
j convention of limits, and your proposed amendments, have
. been duly leceived. The iollowmg obseivations eiplam
! the teims on wltn.h the President authorizes joutocio&e
and si^n the mstnunent •
; "The modification of the 5th at tide (noted as one which
! the Bntish commissioners would have nscr°ed to) may he
| admitted 111 case that proposed by you to them be not attain-
! able. But it is much to be w isned and pres-ed. though not
j made an ultimatum, that the provUo to both should be oinit-
! ted This 1*, m no view whatever, necessary, and can have
| little other effect than as an offensive intimation to Spam
! that our claims extend to the Pacific ocean. However reas-
onable such claims may be, compared with those of others,
it i? impolitic, especially at the present moment, to strength-
en Spanish jealousies of the United States, which it is
probdblv <111 object with Gieat Britain to excite by the clause
m (|ue-tion.?5
This, Mr. President, was Mr. Jefferson's opin-
ion of the line of 49°—for it throughout—in its
whole extent, " indefinitely," as settled under the
treaty of Utrecht; and not only for it, but earnest-
ly and pressingly so. He was for cutting off the
proviso, and letting the line run through to the
! ocean ! And who and what was Mr. Jefferson, in
! relation to this Oregon river, the title to which was
| to have been, settled by this line? He was, we
- might say, its very discoverer; foi long before the
; time of Lewis and Clarke, and even before that of
j Gray, when in another part of the world—when
; the United States Minister to France under the con-
, federation—his philosophic mind told him that the
; lofty ridge of the Rocky mountains, penetrating the
' region of eternal snow, and traversing the country
1 n orth and south, must turn waters each way—to the
west as well as to the east—and send a river to the
1 Pacific ocean as well as to the Gulf of Mexico: his
| philosophic mind saw this, and Ins practical genius
. proposed the realization of his vision. The young
; and intrepid traveller, Ledyard. was then in Paris,
• on his way to commence that African expedition
, in which "he so unfortunately lost his life. Mr.
I Jefferson proposed to him to relinquish that design
