384
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April I,
I make the same pledge made by the distin-
guished, and patriotic, and honest American who
occupied that seat yesterday, [Mr. Cass,] that,
whenever it is shown that, by the treaty of
Utrecht, the line of 49° was extended to the
Pacific ocean, I will not only close my mouth
and seal my hps against the utterance of any
claim to the country north of 49°, but to any
part of Oregon. But, self-confident as the Sen-
ator is that he holds " the Agamemnon of our
little band" a prisoner, he may find himself mis-
taken. Nut one single document to which he re-
ferred—not one paragraph which he read, has ref-
erence to a foot of land, with the exception of his
allusion to Lewis and Clarke, west of the Rocky
mountains. What right had England and France
to settle a line dividing a country belonging to
Spain r The Senator from Missouri is perfectly
aware that such was never the intention—such
was never in the contemplation of England and
{lie United States. But this was the pledge made
by the Senator from Michigan. By tins he is
bound; and by this, after all that he has said, 1
express myself also bound. Whenever it can be
shown that the treaty of Utrecht contemplated the
establishment of the parallel of 49° west of the
Rocky mountains, I close my mouth as to Oregon.
Spain was a party to the treaty, but she did not
come in, if I recollect right, till some time after-
wards. I speak from recollection, and do not
make the statement with perfect confidence of its
accuracy; but such is my impression. Spain came
into it afterwards, protesting that she did not yield
any rights on the Northwest coast; and only when
that protest was concurred in did she become a
party. France and England divide Oregon! As
to France, prior to 1713, she never asserted a title
to one fool of territory, from the Isthmus of Da-
rien to the Arctic circle, on the Pacific coast. And
yet England and France, according to the version
which he [Mr. Bknton] gives, and with the im-
pression which he would produce upon the Senate
and upon the country, parcelled out what we now
call Oregon, Yet up to that moment—up to the
signing of the treaty of Utrecht, and long after-
ward, and down to the signing of the jNootka
Sound convention, befoie ail Europe, with the as-
sent of all Christendom, Spam asserted, and main-
tained, and defended her title to the whole of that
coast.
It would be folly for me to go, even for an in-
stant, into the aigumenis by which all this has
been sustained, it is a notorious fact, which no
man, Senator or otherwise, can controvert.
But I must now congratulate one, who most
Kindly did nic the honor sonic time since, in most !
flattering language, which at once found iis way to
my heart, to call me " friend," an epithet which I
will now return to hnn with his permission—let
me congratulate my fuend, the distinguished Sen-
ator from South Carolina, [Mr. Calhot.y,] that
at last the antipodes ha\c met—that he has made
a convert of the Senator from Missouri. I con-
gratulate him. He has now won the highest tro-
phy—the biighest intellectual trophy which he
has ever achieved. He can now make the proud-
est boast he ever uttered. The great leader there
(pointing to Mr. Benton*) has become his [Mr.
C u.houn's] convert and his subaltern in the course
of "masterly inactivity/'
"Agamemnon of the little band !"and the A jaxes
—and I, the least of them—"the little Ajax!"
Sir, 1 am not even the lesser Ajax; 1 am but a
poor private soldier m tins cause. I ask no favor,
and I seek no reward, save the triumph of the
great cause. I ask for nothing. I should despise
myself if, in a cause like this, for an instant I
could cherish a feeling of selfishness. I would
rather be the little Ajax—rather the private soldier,
fighting simply for subsistence in this cause—than
to" hold my head so high that I could not see aught
below me; rather be the private soldier, than with
my haughty foot to press the lowly earth as though
it were too mean for my tread; rather be the pri-
vate soldier, than m every look, and attitude, and
act, and expression, proclaim—441 am the ruler! I
will rule or I will rum; and it is indifferent to me
whether the consequence be rule or ruin." Sir, be
he who he may, there is in this land no man so
high as to have it in his power to elevate and de-
press public sentiment in America at his will. Be
he who he may who makes such an attempt, he
will speedily find his level. " Little Ajax" let it
be; but let me remind the Senator from Missouri
that Agamemnon and the Ajaxes were not the
only actors at the siege of Troy. There was an
Achilles there; and we have an Achilles here. Eet
the Senator from Missouri beware, lest he be the
Hector who will grace the triumph of this Achil-
les.
[Here there was a loud burst of applause in the
galleries, which the President's rebuke failed to
check for a few moments.]
Mr. WEBSTER then rose, and said that these
breaches of order were so indecorous that he now
gave notice that if, hereafter, any marks of appro-
bation or disapprobation should be given in the
galleries, he would exercise his right as a Senator,
and move that the galleries be cleared, with the
exception of the ladies.
It was now nearly three o'clock, and Mr. Ash-
ley yielding—
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, the Senate went
into Executive session; and after some time so
spent, the doors were reopened, and then
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, .fyri£ 1, 184G.
The House, in pursuance of its order of yester-
day, met at eleven o'clock.
The Journal of yesterday (without having been
read through) was approved.
Mr. Mel-IENRY (leave having been denied)
moved a suspension of the rules to enable him to
give notice, of the following amendment, which be
proposed to offer to the rules and orders of the
House:
Resolved, That when a bill or resolution shall
be referred to the Committee of the Whole, and
the committee shall amend the same, and, after
having so amended it, shall adopt a substitute for
the bill or resolution, the whole of the amendment
shall be reported to the House, and the House
shall, either with or without the previous question,
vote upon the amendments m the order in which
they are proposed, so that in voting, the final
question upon the amendments proposed shall be
between the original bill or resolution, with the
amendments concurred in by the House, and the
substitute proposed by the committee.
Mr. DROMGOOLK. I understand it is only a
notice.
Mr. McllEN 11Y. That, is all.
And the question ha\ing been taken, the House j
icfused to suspend the rules. !
So the notice was not given. I
Mr. MeOLEAN, from the Committee on Ac- i
counts, repoiied the following resolution: ]
JtaolrrJ, That the Clerk of the House be au~ i
thonV.ed to pay .Tohn P. Raub and C. Cole, labor-
J erM in the employment of the House, the sum of >
' fifty cents per day each, in addition to their pres- !
ent pay of $1 50 per day, in consideration of!
the additional labor performed by them, and that j
j the same he paid from the commencement of the j
present session; and that the doorkeeper be allowed :
to employ art additional fireman from the com-
mencement of the session, at the rote of two dollars
per day, said additional fireman having been al-
lowed by the Committee on Accounts of the last
session.
Mr. TTAMLIN moved to amend the resolution
by including1 the messengers of the post-office de-
partment of the House.
Mr. H. said these messengers performed more
labor than all the other messengers in the Capitol.
The amendment was agreed to.
And the question recurring on the adoption of
the resolution, as amended— j
Mr. PRESTON KING asked the yeas and nays; ;
which were ordered; but, j
On motion of Mr. PRICE, the resolution was !
recommitted to the Committee on Accounts. j
A message waft received from the Senate, in- j
forming the House that the Senate had passed a :
bill, entitled " An act to authorize the justices of'
the county court of Bates county, in the State of i
Missouri, to enter a certain quarter section of land !
for a county seat." !
Also, notifying the House that the President of
the United States had notified the Senate that he j
did yesterday approve and sign the bill of the Sen- ;
ate, entitled " An act to authorize the Secretary of j
the Navy to contract for the purchase of American !
water-rotted hemp for the use of the navy." 1
THE INDEPENDENT TREASURY.
On motion of Mr. DR.OMGOOLE, the House
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Daniel, of North Caro-
lina in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of the bill to provide for the better organization of
the treasury, and for the collection, safe-keeping,
transfer, and disbursement of the public revenue,
and of the amendments thereto pending.
Mr. GRIDER was entitled to the floor; but
yielded for a moment to
Mr. McHENRY, who gave notice that he would,
when in order, offer the following amendment:
In section 5, lines 5 and 6, strike out the words
" unless sooner removed therefrom," and insert in
lieu thereof the words, " if they shall so long faith-
fully discharge the duties of their respective of-
fices. "
Mr. GRIDER then resumed the floor, and ad-
dressed the committee in opposition to the bill. He
proposed (he said) to submit a few remarks to
show the impolitic and injurious consequences
which were to result from its passage.
The gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Holmes,] who had addressed the committee yes-
terday in favor of the bill, had announced his in-
tention to vote for it because its effect would be to
check the over issue of State banks, and thereby
to prohibit a too extended currency. He (Mr. G.)
would attempt to show the gentleman that in this
respect he was mistaken. In his liberality and
candor that gentleman had admitted that the pub-
lic money would be as safe under the control and
agency of banks as it would be under individual
agency. Now, when a gentleman who supported
the bill yielded that proposition, he conceded every
reasonable ground of opposition, and left no foun-
dation upon which it could commend itself to the
sober, discreet, and calm judgment of those who
intended to legislate for the interests of the coun-
try, and not to subserve or carry out the pledges of
a party. ,
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. C. J,
Ixgersoll] had taken a course somewhat differ-
ent, but less candid than that of the gentleman from
South Carolina. The gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia could not see anything in the bill but what was
desirable, and nothing that was objectionable. # U
seemed to that gentleman to be a measure which
ought to pass, as a matter of form, without inves-
tigation, and without remonstrance on the part of
those who were the Representatives of the people
here, and who had their highest interests in charge;
for he said that it was merely supplementary to the
act of 1789, creating the Treasury Department, and
appointing a treasurer for the purpose of receiving:
and safe-keeping the public money. The gentle-
man could see nothing that had a party aspect in
the bill. As an individual, he (Mr.G.) was always
proud to see that, on measures which were to op-
erate on the great interests of the country, gentle-
men could come up to the proposition without ref-
erence to party results or party pledges. That ought
to be, and he presumed was admitted to be, the
true basis of wise legislation. But had it not been
sufficiently demonstrated yesterday, that the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania was rather disguising
this bill; disguising—if he (Mr. G.) could say so
without discourtesy—what in fact and in truth
were the prompting motives at this day to the in-
troduction of this measure here?
This bill had had the benefit of the supervision,
and had called forth the labors of a distinguished,
talented, and highly courteous gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Dromcjoole.] But at the same time
that there was manifested in it an able, lawyer-like
effort, by special pleading, to disguise the true ob-
ject of the bill, to mask those objectionable fea-
tures which had caused the country again and
again to reject it, still the substance, the object, the
intent, and the consequences of it, were to be the
same as those which the country had heretofore
anticipated from it, the nature and character of
which past experience had sufficiently made
known.
| His own reflections had brought him to the con-
j viction that there was no imperative necessity for
i the introduction of this bill, except in so far as gen-
j tlemen felt bound to redeem their party pledges.
This measure was a tried experiment. He appre-
hended it was not to be passed because of its in-
trinsic merits, but as the last resort of a game of
reckless financial experiments, instead of resorting
again to that financial agency which had been &o
