1846,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
585
long and so successfully tried. It would be seen,
on reference to the resolutions passed at the Balti-
more convention, that there was one amongst the
number dictating the necessity of this bill. That
resolution had been endorsed, word for word, by
the President in his Message. [Mr. G. read the
extract.] With this endorsement there could be
no hope as to the rejection of the bill. He (Mr.
G.) did not intend to say, that the resolutions of
the Baltimore -convention were imperative, or that
they met with even respectful consideration by all
the members belonging to the Democratic party;
for there Were many classes of our Democratic
friends, and he did not know that all of them came
under the denomination of metallic-currency Dem-
ocrats.
Mr. G. here designated the various classifica-
tions ,of the Democratic ranks, as he understood
them, keeping the committee in pleasant humor,
but expressing the embarrassment he felt as to the
particular branch of the Democratic family to
which he should address his argument.
He then passed on to n rather extended review
of the financial history of the Government, from
the date of the act of 1789, creating the Treasury
Department, tracing it through all its gradations,
vicissitudes, and results, down to the explosion of
the pet bank system, to justify the position he took,
that a United States bank had been the best finan-
cial agent ever employed, lie cited facts with the
design to show the rapid increase of State banks
and capital which had resulted from the policy of
the Government in putting down the United Suites
Bank, and substituting State banks in lieu of it; the
effect on the business "of the country in producing
overtrading; in inflating the price of properly; ill
turning the tide of importation against us, so that
we bought more than we sold; and, finally, in
bringing upon us bankruptcy and State repudia-
tion.
He believed it to be impolitic and unjust to .sep-
arate the moneys of the Government from the mo-
ney of the people—to lu\\e two currencies, one for
the Government, and another for the people—as
proposed by the bill. It would reduce the price of
property, the wages of labor, and the produce of
farms. It would be oppressive to the debtor class
of the community; injurious to the literature, the
morals, and the benevolent efforts of the country.
And the last, and probably the strongest ami most
commanding reason against it was, that it would
increase to a great extent the patronage of the Ex-
ecutive, already sufficiently alarming.
lie referred to the opinions of thfi'GIobc in
and of the then and now heads of the Denuierittie.
party, in opposition to this measure at tlmt time;
arguing that the. evils which were predicted from it
then were not less certain to result, now; and sub-
mitting that in every form in which it had been
presented to the American people it had been con-
demned and repudiated.
The people whom lie represented would never
sanction a principle of legislation which gave to the
Government and its officers one currency, nmt to
the people another. The people of the West felt
that if any preference was to be given, or any dis-
tinction to be made, they themselves ought to be
the recipients of it. In his estimation, it was a
palpable absurdity to talk of giving one currency
to the Government awl its officers, and another to
the people. Why was the Government instituted?
For whose benefit? This was the Government of
the people, designed in its influences and its con-
sequences to make not the officers of the Govern-
ment happy, and rich, and " silvei-hcel'cl," (as
was sometimes said in the West,) hut to awake
the hope and chance of prosperity, and comfort,
and competency, to all alike. This view com-
mended itself to the charity of men's hearts; it
was the view of that enlarged benevolence which
would like to see all prosper, and most especially
those who were left to their own energies and en-
terprise. Gentlemen might say that the effect of
the bill would not be to produce two currencies;
but it must necessarily do so; and we should see
the price of property go down one-half by reason
of the contractions rendered necessary on the part
of State banks, to defend themselves from the spe-
cie drafts of this sub-treasury; we should see the
wages of labor reduced in a like degree; we should
see the agricultural products of the country fall to
one-half of their present value; and the indebted
class of the country compelled to pay about two
dollars for every one in discharge of their debts.
By reference to several sections of the bill, gen-
tlemen would see the extent to which it proposed
to increase the patronage of the Executive.
[Here the Chairman's hammer fell.]
Mr. HAItMANSON spoke at some length in
advocacy of the bill under consideration, as a meas- '
ure whose effect would be gradually and surely to
drive the paper issues of the banks from the com-
munity. 1-fe deprecated the influence of these
irresponsible corporations in every point of view—
political, commercial, social, and moral; and was
willing to adopt any measure which would eradi-
cate them from our social system. He would not
speak of their influence under a bad Administra-
tion—under tjiis, nil admitted they were intolerable;
but under the best Administration their evils were
such us would draw down upon them the univer-
sal condemnation of the community if they were
made acquainted with it. A fundamental objection >
to them was, that they usurped what the Govern- i
merit had with the greatest caution reserved to
themselves—the power to coin money and legulate
its value. Their issues were three dollars to one
of specie; hence, upon ally foreign or domestic
demand, in order to save themselves from suspen-
sion, they would contract their currency; and that
in the ratio of three to one of the demand. Their
promises, upon this basis of specie, to pay on de-
mand were lies; it w as impossible for them to re-
deem the promises winch they made to three times
the amount of their means; and yet the Govern-
ment was called upon to authorize the manufacture
of lies! lie denounced the injustice of the special
privileges c,inferred upon the banks of the coun-
try, and passed over many oilier considerations to
show the manifold evils of this system, which, as
a friend of equal rights anil privileges, he unqual-
ifiedly denounced, culling upon Ins friends to as-
sume boldly Ibis position, and assuring them that
when distinctly understood, it would with certainty
be approved and sustained by the people through-
out ihe country.
iVlr. SA\V\'KR followed. Tic spoke generally
in favor of the bill, but said that it was not his in-
tention to address himself to the House. He was
speaking to the people of Ohio. He then entered
into an examination of the principles and operation
of the hanking system as it existed in that. State,
denouncing its abuses, and portraying the evils
which it had brought on the people there. [This
speech will be given ill the Appendix.]
Mr. DANIEL (Mr. McDowell temporarily oc-
cupying the chair of the committee) said he was in
favor of the. resolution of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, (Mr. Dtuistcaoi.E,] to terminate the debate
on this bill to-morrow; he would, however, have
preferred three o'clock to one, as the hour. There
were certain general rules of conducting legislative j
business which he always wished to see observed, j
irrespective of considerations of party. He wished j
the opposition to this measure to have the opportu- |
nitv of siAtng it, of detecting, and bringing to the
view of this committee all the directs contained in it; |
for experience had satisfied htm that no great meas- l
tire, invoh mu; a variety of inteiests, is likely to be '
perfect when it is first brought forward. lint it i
seemed to Imn that they had not availed themselves
so far of the opportunity given; the opposition to I
this measure was really much more feeble in spirit, !
as well as m matter, than he had anticipated. Ho i
wtis iilmo'U inclined to hope that its opponents on |
this floor, like ihe country at large, were now dis- I
posed to accord more merit to the system than for- !
nicrly; that, many of them had the internal convic- '
turn that vast and important benefits would result
from it. !
The power, and the only power known ill this ;
country, to coin and regulate the value of money, j
was conceded by the Constitution to the Federal!
Government; and there was no doubt that the fra- !
mcrs of the Constitution designed the operations 1
of the Government to be carried on m theconstitu- I
tiouni currency. The first, bill for raising impost i
and tonnage duties declared that fact in direct and I
positive terms—that gold and stiver only should be I
received m payment of Government dues. Mr. '
D. traced the subsequent history of the financial
measures and operations of the Government, refer-
ring especially to the construction placed upon this
provision by Alexander Hamilton, when Secretary
of the Treasury—a construction (he said) which no
man with a less feitile and ingenious mind would
ever have thought of—which mterpicted this pro-
vision into a prohibition against receiving the bills
of credit of the States, and which admitted of au-
thorizing, as he did authorize, his subordinate offi-
cers to receive bank paper having thirty days to
run. This construction had been practised upon
from the time of Hamilton down to the passage of
the Sub-Treasury act in 1840. Hence the gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr. Grider,] when he es-
timated the losses of the Government by individu-
als at eight millions of dollars, while the losses by
banks were but about eight hundred thousand dol-
lars, reasoned on a wrong basis, because the Sec-
retary of the Tieasury, Mr. Hamilton, departed
from the spirit of the law; and since that time the
financial transactions of the Government had been
m contravention of its provisions. Instead of keep-
ing the public funds under the direction and con-
trol of the Treasury Department, they had been
loaned out to banks, and banks had been permitted
to use them as their own private funds.
[The Speaker heie resumed the chair inform-
ally, and a message in writing was received from
the President of the United States, by the hands of
J. Knox Walker, Esq., his private secretary.]
Mr. DANIEL resumed, and passed over many
points in the history of the United States Bank,
and of the financial operations of the Government
generally, to sustain him in his position that there
was not the safety in the custody of the public
funds by a bank of the United States, or, by State
banks, that there was in the provisions of the bill
now before them, and which embraced substan-
tially and curried out in greater perfection the pro-
visions of the law of 1789. But why make the
issue between the Bank of the United States and
the sub-treasury, when at this day none of their
Whig friends were found seriously advocating the
establishment of a national bank, and when a lead-
ing Whig had already declared it an " obsolete
idea?" If it were not alieady, it was at any rate
fast becoming an obsolete idea. It might safely be
assumed that a national bank is out of the ques-
tion. Whatsystem, then, could be proposed other
than the present ?
He replied to various objections that had been
umed against the bill. The pretence that it would
furnish one currency for the Government and an-
other for the people, he considered utterly ground-
less; as especially, if the system for which he had
ever contended, and should continue to contend,
were carried into operation, of levying upon the
people as small an amount of taxes as possible,
and of conforming the expenditures of Government
thereto, the money would be continually coming-
in and flowing out of the treasury, and never for
any length of time more than one and a half or two
million dollars would be remaining in the treasury.
He denied that it would break down the banks "of
the country—that portion of them which are regu-
lated and conducted in a proper and legitimate man-
ner; it would be, and ought to be, a restriction upon
those which were disposed to go to excesses and
to over-issues. It would establish a uniform cur-
rency, and would thereby tend greatly to the ad-
vancement of the laboring interest and all the in-
terests of community, especially that of agricul-
ture, which was so important a one in this nation
of agriculturists. The dangers to be apprehended
from it as a source of the increase of Executive
patronage were far less considerable than those
which would result from the establishment of a
national bank, whose overshadowing influence was
of a nature threatening to the liberties of the peo-
ple, as he honestly believed.
Mr. D. having concluded—■
Mr. GEORGE W. JON GS obtained the floor.
He spoke in favor of the passage of the bill.
When he first sa%v the Message of the President
recommending a disconnexion between the busi-
ness of the Government and the banks of the
country, it had met with his approbation. He
was the friend and advocate of the measure then,
and he had continued to be so from that day to
this. He trusted that it was at length near the
point of its consummation. He hoped and be-
lieved that this Congress would pass the bill, and
that it was destined to remain on the statute-book
until it should have received a fair trial of its mer-
its. If, in practice, it should be found to operate
imuriously to the public interests, or to the safety
of the public funds, he should no longer be its
advocate. [This speech will be given in the An-
pendix.] 1
Mr. WASHINGTON HUNT said that he knew
this bih was about to pass, and that it would be a
