1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
587
thiah Heatey, praying a pension; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
SPEIGHT presented the petition ofcitizens
°'Mississippi, praying the erection of lighthouses
at Mississippi City and St. Joseph's Island, in that
otate; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. DIX presented the petition of a delegation
of the Tonawanda band of Indians, praying that
they may be exempted from the operation of the
treaties of January, 1838, and May, 1842; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. GREENE presented the petition of the legal
representatives of Thomas Hughes, deceased, an
officer in the revolutionary army, praying to be
allowed commutation pay; which was referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. WESTCOTT presented the memorial of
the executor of Judah Aldcn, an officer in the revo-
lutionary army, praying to be allowed commuta-
tion pay; which was referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
_ Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was agreed to;
Resolved, That the resolution in favor of the,
widow of Edward Dyer, line Sergcant-nt-Arms,
be so construed as to make the same allowance as
that made to the widow of Samuel Haight, late
Sergeant-at-Arms.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. BIX, from tho Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred the House bill for ihe relief
of Charles W. Bingley, of South Carolina, report-
ed the some without amendment.
Mr. DICKINSON, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Jolui Bron-
son; which was read, and the report was ordered
to he printed.
Mr. SPEIGHT naked lo he excused from fur-
ther service on the Committee on Military Affairs,
his duties on the Finance Committee occupying
his time to a great extent.
No objection being made, Mr. S. way excused.
Mr. S. then moved that the presiding ollieor lie
empowered to fill the varan* y in the above com-
mittee; which wa.s tigreed to, and Mr. Houston1
was appointed by the ('hair.
OKUKRS OF THE BAY".
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the following resolution, submitted yesterday }>v
Mr. Dayton, from the Committee on Public
Buildings:
Resolved, That Professor Espy he authorised to
construct one of his patent ventilators, and apply
the same to the Senate chamber, am! that the ex-
pense thereof be paid by the Semite out of tin- con-
tingent fund, provided that the name does not ex
cccfd $050.
Mr. BREESE desired the chmrnmn of the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings to explain the ohj< et of
the resolution, and the nature of the improvement
proposed to be made.
Mr. DAYTON said that the object, which was
expressed by tho resolution itself, was to ventiiaic
the Senate chamber—a very necessary and desira-
ble objce.t. The committee hud rvamiued various
certificates, showing the successful operation of '
Mr. Espy's invention, and wen- satislird their- ;
from that it would accomplish tho desired object. '
The machine would not, as he understood, he vis-
ible externally or internally, and would not mar !
the appearance or symmetry of the chamber or '
the building. The appropriation was trifling, and >
only intended to pay for the mechanical execution j
of the work. ]
Mr. BREESE observed, that he had understood j
that Mr. Espy's machine was a sort of fan, to be :
worked by animal power, similar to one formerly ;
in use in the Biitish House of Commons, and i
which made so much noise that it was found no- j
cessary to remove it. Another plan had been pro-
posed by Mr. Skirving, which he. (Mr. B.) had
been led to believe was superior to Mr. Espy's,
and he hoped that the question on the resolution j;
would be postponed, in order to afford time to :•
look into the merits of the two propositions. u
Mr. MANGUM hoped that such a course would i1
not be taken. The invention referred to in the jj
resolution had been fully tested by experiments |i
in Philadelphia, and it was found admirably adapt- j j
ed to its purpose. It was intended to be worked j!
by a breeze; and when there was no breeze, then, !j
and then only, it would be necessary to employ
animal power.
After some further conversation, in the course
of which
Mr. BREESE observed that his only object was
to sccurc the best method of ventilation; and
Mr. MANGUM stated that Mr. Espy's inven-
tion would not make a noise;
The question was taken on the resolution; which
was agreed to.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the adverse report of the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims on the petition of Simeon Summers;
which was concurred in.
THE SPECIAL ORDER—THE " NOTICE."
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the special order; when
Mr. BENTON rose, and corrected an error into
which the reporter for the Union had fallen in sta-
ting that the authorities to which he had referred
yesterday had been " recently met with" by him;
on the contrary* they weie old acquaintances.
Mr. ASHLEY th< n aaid that he was yesterday
entitled to the floor; but had yielded to the Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Bkkton,] who spoke at such
length a.s to preclude him (Mr. A.) from address-
ing the Senate. The Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Cass] was now in his seat, and, as he was on
parole, it was to be supposed he was desirous of
responding to the Senator from Missouri. He
(Mr. A.) therefore very willingly again waived
his right, and &ave way to the Senator fiom Mich-
i gun.
Mr. C-\5sS then rose and said:
M r. President: I am much obliged to mv friend
from Arkansas jMr. Amu.kyJ for his kindness in
yielding to me the door upon this occasion. He
is right in supposing h i^ iienssaiy, from the posi-
tion m which the honorable Senator from Missouri,
by Ins remaiKs of ycMenlay, placed me. Before,
ij howewr, proceeding further, I mus! return my
! thanks tu my ft lend fiom Indiana [Mr. 11 \n\i>
j <; \N ] for what he said of me, and for me, w bile I
'I was absent. I am Mdl moie obliged to hmi, how-
;| ever, !or the .sake of tlm common object which he
{ami I, and others of m*, h.ive in \ it w, than e\en
'i for my own .sake. I jtarn, and I learn n without
any mm prise, that hi 'vindication was masterly and
Ij eloquent. ^ I can well In be\e it, sir, from the many '
■ i proofs which he has given us during the session i
j| of his powers of oratory, and especially from the j
jj positions he has taken and supported in this Ore- j
,j gon controversy, i
■j Mr. President, f have come here this morning j
| to lire myself. Twice m my life I have been cap- i
tmed by enrmies~-on«'e fighting against. British!
i; pretensions in war, ami again fightingauainst Brit- j
| ish pretensions in pe:u <\ My country redeemed ■
!j me in the former case -~l come to redeem myself,
in the latter. I say « nemies, hut I trust the term '
ij tsonlv m< t.*phorieallv applicable. There is nolle
ij ing in the tormei r< KiUous between the honoi- !
jt able Senator from .Missouri; nothing in our preh-
j| eni position, which should make us enemies. On
|| the contrary, a long personal fiiendshtp has ex-
it isted bet\vr<n us, which I did not suppose was
j! sundered. If, how< ver, it is otherwise, I must J
1 bear it as I may. I have borne some greater ca- '
;! lamitics than even the hostility of the honorable
jj gentleman from Missouri.
i I came here, Mr, as I .said before, to redeem mv-
|! self; and I mean to do u. I will not speak in the '
triumphant tone which pm tides the speech of the i
honorable Senator fVom Mi^ouri. It is not my '
j habit. What he said presents subjects enough for !
:< animadversion, butthe manner in "which he said it!
was still more unacceptable. I am ignorant of any !
circumstances in our relative situations which could j
justify it; still, 1 repeat that I mean to vindicate my- j
' self, and that, too, to the entire satisfaction of every <
man within the sound of my voice.
Air. HANNEGAN. Every impartial man.
Mr. CASS. No,Mr. President; I will notaccept
the qualification suggested by my friend from Indi-
ana. If my vindication is not satisfactory to every
man, partial or impartial, I will agree to'be tied to
the chariot wheels of the honorable Senator from
Missouri, and to fight the battles of 49; and I hard-
ly know two more severe punishments that could
be inflicted upon me.
The honorable Senator says that I came here the
other day to make a studied speech on the subject of
Oregon. I did so, sir; and he overrates Ins own
powers, and underrates the mental qualities of the
members of this body, who comes here to give his
opinions upon a great national subject without due
preparation. I shall not commit that folly; and I
have too much regard for the intelligence and expe-
rience of the honorable Senator to believe that he
would. I presume that his thoughts are fully pre-
pared upon every grave topic on which he presents
his views to this body. But however it may have
been before, I have not had much time for pi epara-
tion now, for I was not in my seat yesterday when
the honorable Senator made his attack; and of course
I could not know, except from rumor, what he said
till this morning. Now, sir, what is the subject in
controversy between the honorable Senator and
myself? He says that I am committed by my
own declaration, to go for 49, if it is shown that,
eommissioners were appointed under the treaty of
Utrecht to establish that parallel as a boundary.
This assertion is the whole foundation of his argu-
ment, upon which the whole superstructure rests.
If the one falls, the other falls with it. Now, sir,
I not only never said so, but the idea never occur-
red to me; I never thought of it. And the honor-
able gentleman has wholly misunderstood me,
either through my fault or his own.
My position was this, sir: Many of the mem-
bers upon this floor contend that the parallel of 49°
is the northern boundary of our claim in Oregon.
Some directly so; and others because it was as-
sumed to be such by our Government in the early
period of our controversy on this subject with Eng-
land. To us, therefore, who believe that our claim
in Oregon goes to 54° 40', it was essential to show
there was an error on this subject; that the treaty
of Tftieeht never extended to the country west of
the Boekv mountains.
Mr. Greenhow, in his work on Oregon, had ex-
amined this question, and had endeavored to show
that no commissioners, under the treaty of Utrecht
bad ever established any boundary between the
French and English possessions on this continent.
So far as respects the general proposition, it is a
mere question of historical authenticity, not having
the slightest piaencal bearing upon our title to Ore-
gon: becnuse, before our title to Oregon could be
jifTected, it must be shown that that line, if estab-
lished at all, must extend west of the Rocky moun-
tains.
Mr. Greenhow, in his work, enters into the ques-
tion, and I referred to his book as one entitled to
talent, industry, and caution; and I requested,gen-
tlemen who had doubts on the subject to turn to
that work, and I thought that they would satisfy
themselves that no such line had been established.
I did not vouch for the facts or conclusions. I
never examined the general subject in its extent. I
stated, however, that the result of his discussion
upon mv mind was that such a line had not been
run. I am still under thar impression, sir, and
nothing that was s-aid yesterday has shaken its
strength. Still, I do not hold myselfat all respon-
sible for Mr. Greenhow's accuracy. I should in-
vestigate the subject with much more security than
I lu-ne done if I were compelled to be responsible
for any deductions from it.
The Senator from Missouri says he comcs here
not to settle a point which can ot all influence the
action of this body, or hn\ e the slightest effect upon
the termination of our comioversy with England.
He says he " makes no application of this fact,"
referring to his proof that the parallel of 49 was
established somewhere by the treaty of Utrecht.
Me says: " I draw no argument from' it. I do not
' apply it to the question of title. I am not arguing
* title.and will not do it; but I am vindicating his-
{ tory, assailed in a vital point by the book which
' has been quoted and endorsed. I am vindicating
'the intelligence of the American Senate, exposed
1 to contempt in the eyes of Europe, by a supposed
(ignorance of a treaty which is one of the great
{ politieallandmarksin Europeand America,
The Senator will pardon me for saying that this
seems to me very much of a tempest in a teapot.
What does he profess to vindicate before the Sen-
ate of the United States? Not the rights of the
country, but the alleged truth of a historical fact,
misrepresented by Mr. Greenhow, and vouched
for, as the Senator thinks, by me. Now, sir, it
seems to me, that this solemn trial, before such
court as this, is hardly justified by the nature of
the accusation. Here is an historical error. Be
it so. Nobody contends that it affects our inter-
ests or our honor in the remotest degree; no more so
