1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
589
beautiful inap of Amei ica, by Popple, published in 1738, also
under the patronage of the Colonial Department, and bearing
the certificate of l)r. Haliey to its correctness; nor on any
ihap m the atlas of Maxwell aud Senix, published in 1721;
in Royer's Political State, 1721; in the Ili.-loi y of Hudf-on's
Bay,by Dobbs, 1744; in tne Histoire de la NouvCH.- Franco,
by Charlevoix, 1744; in the System of Geography, by Bo wen,
1747 ;-m the American Traveller, 1769; in the American Ar-
ias, by Jeffries, 17-78; in the History of the French Domin-
ions m America, by Jeffries, 1760; in the map of America,
from the materials by Governor Povvnai, 1794; noi is there
any allusion to such a line in the workn to which those mnp.i
are attached, or in any other work or map of imputation
published during the last century, save those above-men-
tioned.
"None of the works above named are authorities on the
subject, proceeding, as they all do, from person* unconnected
with the transactions of the Utrecht treaty, and po<sesv->ing
no better meana, so far ;ib known, of information respecting
them than other people; these, indeed, only show that tin* [
boundary was supposed by some persons to have been m> j
settled at the tunc when the} were written. Ui ilu; uoiks
which may be considered su* authoutie*, the following com-
puting, it is believed, all in hieji a iccord or notice of such
a tian.-action, if it had taken pi tee. >houhl be louml, arc en
tirely silent with repaid to any doei>ion or otho  act ot c ;iu-
imssariea, appointed under the ticaty of Utreeht, to settle
the line of separation between the Hudson Hay temtoiics
and the French poHmviotis'. viz: Tin.' coUcuimis of u<-u-
ties by Dumont, Bovver, Martens, Jenkinson, Ilerntlct, aud
others; Acres, iVb'moires, See., conccrnaiit hi Paix d'Uticeht,
1716 j and Actes, Negotiations, Su depm* la Pfuxd'lTnccht,
174o—two voluminous work*, eontimtinjr, it may be sop-
posed, every public document, and notice of every act con-
nected with the negotiation oi the treaty ol Uneelit, and the
consequent proceeding; Collection dew lidif*, Otdomiuncc^
&c., concernant le Canada. Quebec, IBM; apparently a
complete assemblage of all the most important nubile docu-
ments relative to CHnnda and the Air Undc; Mi moires de«
Connnissaires Francais et Aiuduis sur le- lW.et.Muns d«w
deux C'ouronnea e.tAmeinpie, 17M to 1 ywinch could not
htive titus omitted to notice this scUlement oi houaduinvi, )1
it had taken place ; the Ui-bure de la Diplomatic Fiaiujiiim-,
by Flassan, 1811 ; the Histoire den Tim ten de Paix, by Ivoch
and KehoelJ, Jt<l7. To thcMi authontics may lie added, as
equally -ilcnt on the mibjoet, the Hi.-torivn of Ku^himi i >
TntdaJ, ^uioHet, Be!.-liam, lltiyhes, Malum, Wade, the Pm-
liamentary History, ami the hetoral History; the theories
of France, by bhsmondi, An<| in-ill, and huenti lie ; Loid John
ltussePs Allan's of Europe since the pence of I'trcc ht, the
Histories of, and Memoirs on, t.ouiMana, by Dumont, Uu
pratz, Vergennes, and Mai Inns ; the political w ot kh oi Swift,
uolingbmke, and Voltaire; and iiimiiv other works r< lining
to the history of the poiiod at winch tins Mettlemeiit oi Lou-
isiana im said to have I'een made.
"'Plus is all negative evidence, indeed; but it is tilt;only
evidence of which The case admits, mid e* equivalent to a
positive eontiadietion of the supposition that am Mitlement
ot'bonndaues between the HmUoii\ liav lerruorj and the
French possessions was made under the tie.ay ot Ihiccht;
ns such a transaction could not have failed to he noticed in
all, or indeed in nny? ot the works mentioned iu the pie
ceding paragraph, if it hud taken place, and c-pti nilly if it
had been ho notorious as the knowledge of it bv tho«e who
asserted it would seem to indicate. That eommimai cN
were uppointed to Nftile honmhiricH und« r ihe treaty ot
fJtrecht, is most probable; and, in proof not onl\ ot" their
meeting, hut also of their wepjuatiou without eib ctuitr any
of the objects proposed, the lollowui}! passage appear* in
the Histoire do Ja Noiivelle France, by t'laulcvois. 1 Fiance
took no part in tiiis dispute, (between the fhiti^h and In
dians in Nova Weotia, in lrt£i.) iu outer to avoid jrivii « the
hJjghtc^t pretext for interrupting the «ood umb rMundutK
between the two nution.s, which had Inn u re-toted w iih --o
much dilllculty ; even the licu'otintious lutueen the two
courts for the settlement of boumtancs ceased, althou.-h
commissaries bad been appointed on both sides, for ih«t oh
ject, since 1719.'"
In addition to tlie facts above Hinted, I will add
another short paragraph, which was handed to mc
by my friend [Mr. HannkCanJ siik-o 1 cuinc heir
to-day. 1 have not had time to advert to the ori-
ginal, but I presume it in corrcct:
" Jn HeM.irniB'i.hook, tlx- oiiicnl c.\|n)Mtui« l.j tin- Kn ncli
Covi'mmeiitortliogiouiKlMiftlii' JJnali.-li I'Umiu. to lln- Dif-
<ron terHtory, afifi it> ouji funai't pu'ieiiMOiia lo dial
Tt is saul, vol. iij [).
«<|t was? agreed at flu; juhjoo ot l/l.'J, :u)U Ur 111'1 tiraty "i
Utreclit, that eimi a^siom,rs xlioulil im'i'l lo tini'i' with |.rr-
cisioa to tlu; aoitil rnul tliu Uic- hanH lu twi'cn tlie Huil-
6nn Haycoantiy and Nriv Fnui. i'. ami t<> <!>>■  ouili (ii.-
hnnndarios bctwoca that Pmvmci' ami tin- KheIi-Ii
S1011S. Ncvertlwlcss, tliuio ilocs aot.cM3t in luiy wnlt.-n
record, nor ia aav Jaaps or cliaris, a f-i n^lc docunit'tii showna;:
thatthpse fionti.us over wcio dullmliv.'ly i-t'ilil^li.'il. And
4n l?a-> all proceedings oil this nub|eet had been alKuidoned,
fteeordin^ to Father Charlevoix, that not the lea.M pietes!
jiiiiillt tic given to violate the aood uudcrftaadnii! «Ineli it
hail been lotuirt so ditlicult to establish between tlie two
ctowns of France and Bngliind. The inclin e-, ol Hie otnee
of ForclffJl Affairs contiua no churl or memoir leliitiuj; to
tbc treaty of Utreclit, roKaiding these fionticr--, nor do il,o-e
of the Dcpaitraeut of Marmo; and tliua thu a-«ertion ot
Charlcvoi.v is fully sustained."'
"The refeicncc is to Clmileioix's Newt'ranee, vol. iv, ]>.
J2'l, arid the top of the pase.'"
Now, sir, I shall pursue this investigation no
further. I have already observed that, whether
this Vine was established or not, east of tlie Rocky
mountains, is not of the slightest importance. The
position that I occupied m my speech and that 1
occupy now is this: It is contended m the Senate,
and out of it, that the parallel of 49 is our northern
boundary in the territory of Oregon, and that it was
assumed as such by our Government in the cany
part of the controversy jand so maintained for some
years; tuid that \\ c are, therefore, concluded against
the assertion of any other boundary. Now, sir,
my object was to show that no such line was ever
: established by the treaty of Utrecht in the Oregon
i country, and that wc were, therefore,free to urge
our pretensions, without regard to this statement,
' or to tlie acts of our Government, founded upon an
! erroneous impression that the line of 49° did ex-
! tend to the Pacific ocean. Tins is what i under-
took to disprove, and nothing' but this. And I will
: now ask the honuntble Senator from Missouri it
; lie behoves that the parallel of 49 was ever estub-
' lished by commit  ries under the treaty of Utrecht,
: as a boundary wist of the Rocky mountains? I
, will wait for the honorable gentleman's reply.
[Here Mr. Casx paused for a short time; butMr.
Uknton not answering, he eontinued.]
Well, the honorable "enilenmn does not answer I
me. If he bdiexed Hn- line run there, i am sure he
; would say so; for, if it did run there, wc are lor- i
1 ever foreclosed from any eluim under the Louisiana j
treaty, mid the Ibree of tlie honorable «enilernari s j
' attack upon me uouid he greatly stungihened. As
! he does not answer, t .shall take U for granted that
j he believes no kik'Ii line was ever established there,
i And if the fail is so, my objeet is answered, and
we are relieved from the < tiibarmssmenix arising
out of tin: repeated assertions that the line ol 49^
! is our northei n boundary inihe terriiory of Oregon.
| 1 will now read to ihe honorable Senator what 1
| said the other day on Hus subject, and he will per-
: e  ive liovv niui'b he has nnsapfirehended me, and
! thnt all my uilusuni to tlu: paialiil of -ID0 < a^>t ol
! the Hoeky nmiuitains was a mere incidental topie
I ha\ ing no heuinig opt n my actual in miion. \V hat
i i did Nay is this: " The freaty of utreeht never re-
I i fern to the parallel of 4'J°, and the boundaries it
i 'proposed to establish Were those between the
! < French and I'high.sh colonies, including ihe llud-
' « son Hay < '< nijtariy m {'anada. The charter ol the
'   ihulson l^ay Company granted to the proprietor
! < all the 'land.'!, eountiies, ami tcriUoncs/ upon
j * the water.-* discharging themselves into Hud^on'h
! i Hay- At the date of the trealy of Utrecht, sv hieh
!   was in 1714, (i rcaf Hntain elanuc«l nothing we-*l
1 ♦ of those 'lands, eountries, and territories,' aud
' t of coar.se (lu re was nothing to divide between
I < 1'Vance and England wewt of dial line Again, in
! « 1714, the northwestern coast was almost a terra
j « fricflgfuta, tt blank upon the map of the world,
j « Kngland then neither knew a foot of it, nor e.laim-
1 i ed "a foot of it. By adverting to the letter of
! i JMewsrs. Grdiatm and llush, communicating an
I i account of their interview with Messrs, Goulbnrn
! • and liohinHon, British Commissioners, dated Oe-
' «tuber 20th, 1818, and to tlie letter of Mr. Psiken-
!   ham to Air. ihahanan, dated September 12th,
| < 1H44, it will be seen, that the commencement of
| < the ih'itish claim is limited to the discoveries of
! « Captain Cook in 377H. 1 low, then, could aboun-
| < dary have been e.-dabjjsed, lifty years before, in
f «a region, where no Knult^hmau Inulever penetra-
| ited, and to which Holland had ucter asserted a
! f jn-etension? And y<-t the assumption that the
[ « parallel of 49 degrees was ostabliNhed by the trea-
r «ty ofUtreelu as n line between I'Vance and Kng'
• land, in those unknown regions, necessarily iu-
!   volvos those inconsistent, conclusions, ihu be-
! < siller, if Kn^land, as a party to the treaty of
■' « Utrecht, established this line,running to tbc west-
i < crn ocean as the mnthem bouudaiy of Louisiana,
> £ what possible claim has t*hc now south of that
j < line ? The very fact of her existing pretensions,
I * however unfounded these may bo, shows that she
! { considers herself no jmrty to such a line of divi-
1 { sion. It shows, iu fail, that no line was run, for 1
! «if it had been, the evidence of it would be in the
< ' Kuali&h arrluvis, and, in truth, would be known
! (to the world without contradiction." This is
I what 1 said; and this was followed by the synop-
sis of my views upon Ihe subject, wfiich I read,
i and which 1 will read again:
! 1. It is nor shown that any line was established
; on the parallel of 49° to the Pacific occan.
2. The country on the northwestern coast was
! then unknown, arid I believe unclaimed; or, at any
I rnte, no circumstances had arisen to call in ques-
i tion any claim to it.
j 3. The British negotiators, in i«26, and their
j Minister hero in 1^44, fixed upon the voyage of
j Captain Cook in 1778 as the commencement of the
! British title in what is now culled Oregon.
| 4^ i'}l0 treatv of Utreeht provides for the estab-
lishment of a line between the" French and Bntish
I colonies, including the Hudson Bay Company.
I The British held nothing west of the company s
I possessions; which, by the charter, included only
; the lands, countries, and territories on the wateis
: running into Hudson's Bay. ^
I 5. I^England established this line to the Pacific
J ocean, she can have no claim south of it; and this
! kind of argument, ad hoininem, becomes conclusive.
i And let me add, that I owe this argument to my
| friend from Missouri, [Mr. Atchison,] to whose
j remarks upon Oregon the Senate listened with
pleasure and with profit some days since.
6. How could Prance and Spain claim the coun-
■ try to the Pacific, so as to divide it between them
i in 1714, when, as late as 1790, the British Govern-
ment, by the. Nootka convention, expressly recog-
: nised the Spanish title to that country, and claim-
ed only the use of it for its own subjects, ill com-
i; mon with those of Spain ?
j1 I am now, sir, brought to the annunciation which
I made, and which the honorable Senator has so
strangely misunderstood. What I said was this,
1 will repeat it in the very words I used upon
the former occasion: "I now ask, sir, what right
has any American statesman, or what right has any
British statesman, to contend that our claim, what-
ever it may be, is not just as good north of this line
as it is south of it? When this question is answer-
ed to my satisfaction, I for one will consent to stop
there. But until then, I am among those who mean
to march, if we can, to the Russian boundary."
This, sir, is my position. How different it is
Aom the position assigned to me by the honorable
Senator, I need not say. 1 trust 1 have redeemed
myself, and that 1 can again enter into the contest,
a free man, battling for the full rights of his coun-
try even to 54° 4(1'.
There is one point towhich I beg leave to advert.
The honorable Senator has given me a fair hit, and
1 award hun the credit due to u. In my remaiks
the other day, alluding to the client that improper
persons, " minions, and favorites, and mistresses,"
had produced upon the destinies of nations by the
exercise of an injurious influence, I adverted to
tlie fact of the oifence taken by Mrs. Masham
at having a cup of tea spilt upon her silk gown.
The incident 1 remembered, and its influence I re-
membered, but 1 thought it had been exerted to
produce a war, whereas the honorable Senator has
corrected me, and has shown me that it was exert-
ed to produce peace. It is a long time since I have
looked into the English history. I presume the
honorable gentleman from Missouri refreshed his
recollection last evening.
Mr. BENTON. u I have not looked at it for
forty years.i5
Mr. CASS. The honorable gentleman's mem-
ory is then better than mine. I will remark, how-
e\er, that the incident, even as it happened, is
J illustrative of the general position f assumed, be-
i cause the favorite of Queen Anne would as soon
! have brought about a war as a peace, had tlie for-
i liter, instead of the latter, been necessary to enable
1 her to vent her spleen upon the Duchess of Marl-
: borough. I repeat, the correction was a fair hit 
j JVlr. BENTON. "And certainly a very gentle
! one."
| Mr. CASS. That is all true: the manner was
entirely unobjectionable: and I shall testify my
acknowledgment by putting the fact right in my
printed speech.
Mr. BENTON said that he would take up the
gentleman at the point where he had entrenched
himself and which was the key to the whole case:
he understood the gentleman to say that if the
proviso attached to article 5, proposed by the Brit-
ish Commissioners, were omitted, that then the
| boundary line of 49° would stop at the Rocky
' mountains.
Mr. CASS explained: He had not contended
! that the line would in any case run to the Pacific.
I Mr. BENTON resumed. He understood the
j Senator to say that if the proviso attached to the
• article was stricken out, (as Mr. Jefferson wished
! it should be, and directed Mr. Monroe to "press"
1 that it should be,) that then the dividing line of
j 49° would not extend west of the Rocky moun-
! tains. 1 understand the gentleman to say so. I
understand him to say that if tlie proviso in the
fifth article in the British projet for a boundary
were stricken out, the line would stop at the Rocky
mountains. I so understood him when he made
his speech; I so understood him in his expiana-
