590
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April£;
tion; and I still so understand him. And then I
say—understanding him so, and his silence admits
that I am right—then I say that the honorable
Sciator is " out of the frying pan mto the fire."
When 1 heard the gentleman refer to that fifth
article, and stop the line at the mountain, if the
proviso was cut off, I construed that the copyist
in transcribing it had made some fatal omission;
but, on turning to the report of my speech as given
in the Intelligencer, I find the whole article was
copied correctly, and that instead of being omitted,
as I had feared, the clause was made emphatic by
being printed in italics.
The*Senator has fallen into so grave an error
as, by implication, to say that ill 1807 the United
States had no chum to any territory west of the
Rocky mountains, and on the assumption he has
just made our claim in Oregon must date after
1837.
The article to which Mr. Monroe says the Brit-
ish Ministers were willing to accede was in these
words:
" j1, tide 5, as the British Commissioners would agree to
mithcit.
" It i3 agreed that a line dwivvn due north or south (as the
mav jeqmre) fiom tho mo.-t noithwe->tcm point of the
Lake of "the Wood-, until it shall mtfr-'cot the foity-ninth
pai iUo) of north latitude, and fiom the point or"such mti'i •
seeuon wv*'t along and wjth the said parallel, shall he
t'no rhvi linic line between ln-> jMajots''* tnmouo- and those
of the UjUkI Stato^ to the we-awaid of the f-atd lake, us far
as- their icpcctire terrltjues extern! in that quartet ; and that
the -«ihl hlie shall, to thatevtent, be the southrrn tound^ry
of his jVI je*tyV «atd t(J,u tou^s, and the northern bounJ.ny
oi'tiie said territories of th-j United States: Frcmdod, That
nothing in the present article shall he con^ttued to extend
t.-) the hoit'iwe-t coa-;t of Arnouca, or to the terutories he-
loimtn<?to or claimed by either paifv on the continent of
Amoiiea to the wettweud of the Stony mountains."
This is the article-, and the Senator, by saying
that the omission of the proviso would stop the
dividing line at the mountain, dearly says that we
had noteiritory at that time west of the mountain.
" So far as their respective territories extend hi that
quarter.''
The parallel of 49 is here recognised as a boun-
dary so far west as the territories of the parties
extended at that time. This was in 1807, fifteen
years after Gray's discovery of the mouth of the
Columbia, and the year after Lewis and Clarke's
return. It was in that state of our title that Mr.
Gallatin, in 1817, speaking of the valley of the
Columbia, declared our right to it to be clear and
unquestionable. It is to this title, such as we then
had west of the Rocky mountains, that Mr. Jef-
ferson wished Mr. Monroe to "press"' upon the
British Ministers a division by the 49th decree.
Happily, Mr. Jefferson, in pressing this hne then,
cannot be accused of having been under British
influence. No man will ace-use Mr. Jefferson of
being the advocate of British claims; and therefore
the fact that he offered the line of 49 throughout
to the sea must be beaten down—beaten down—
hidden—concealed—torn out of the minds of the
American people. Mr. Jefferson consented to this
line; and he, thank God, cannot be attacked by
such a weapon; he must escape, and will escape
the charge, though no other living man who fol-
lows him can hope to do so. All the Forty-Nines
of the present day are to be brought into court and
arraigned and condemned, but Mr. Jefferson can-
not: therefore the people must not know what he
said; that forty years ago he proposed the line of
Utrecht to the ocean; his language must be per-
verted; his proposition denied; his words read
backwards, and some Grecnhow must go to woWc
and write a new book to disprove the fact that he
ever proposed the dividing line of 49 degrees.
Suppose that exasperating circumstances, the
atrack of the Leopard on the Chesapeake and
others, had not arisen to prevent the signing of
the tieaty, (which was just on the eve of taking
place,) and that this article, as Mr. Jefferson wish-
ed, had been inserted without the proviso, and the
treaty had been ratified, what would have been
the effect? What would have been our boundary
line with Great Britain beyond the mountains at
tins hour? If this had been done—if the. treaty
3iad been signed—there would have been no es-
caping from the admission of this line of 49° in
Oregon, but to plead that, as the line was to run
only as far as oar territories extended, it did not
cross the mountains, because we had no territory
to the west of them. The Senator would have
had to abandon all our rights to territory in Ore-
f^on at all, or he could not have got clear of this
ine, or we should have been thrown exclusively
on the Spanish title, since obtained. The discov-
ery ofGiay would have been cutoff; theexplora-
tion by Lewis and Clarke would have been cut
off; the rights and possessions of the American
Fur Company would ha\c been cut off—all their
establishments west of the mountains—Mr. Hen-
ry's discovery of the South Pass—everything we
had there before 1807 would have been cut off,
and we should have stood only on such title as
we could establish ulterior to 1807. These are
the positions I take; and they amount, in fact, to
the whole thing in dispute.
The Senator from Michigan cannot escape: he
never can escape from the position in which he has
placed himself to-day. He denies that we had any
tcriitorics west of the Rocky mountains up to 1807.
The inference is inevitable. It cannot be denied;
it cannot he escaped from; it is all perfectly fair and
clear, and ho cannot get out of it.
Mr. Jefferson wished to follow the line of Utrecht
indefinitely west; and I take it he knew about as
much of the political history of the world, and of
all connected with America in particular, as any
other man living. Tins point I therefore consider
as conclusively established. X^assing, then, from
this point, and leovmg this ground in which the
Senator fiom Michigan denies that we then had
any territory beyond the mountains, I proceed to
what the Senator from Michigan said as to the
next point.
Coming to the next point, the Senntor.says that
Mr. Monroe produced no list of authorities to Lord
Harrowby. But before he demands a list of au-
thorities to prove Mr. Monroe's assertion that this
line was established by commissaries under the
treaty of Utrecht, he must first show that Lord
Harrowby, the British Secretary of State, disputed
or denied the fhct. If two parties have opposite
interests in a. disputed matter, and one of them
brings forward a fact bearing on the claims or in-
terests of the other, befoie he. brings out his proofs
to establish it he will wait to see if it is denied, and
if not, where is the use of parading his proofs?
Mr. Monroe says the commissaries did meet, and
did establish a boundary line, running with and
along the parallel of 49 indefinitely to the west;
and having stated this in a verbal interview with
the Minister, for greater security he afterwards re-
duces it to writing and submits it to him. Did
Lord Harrowby deny the fact? That is the ques-
tion. Did he dispute the fact? Did he urge the
slightest objection to the assertion—he whose Gov-
ernment had been a party to the treaty in question,
and had concurred in establishing the very hne—to
the facts furnished by Mr. Monroe ? Never! He
admitted the whole ! And yet it is objected that we
find Mr. Monroe urging no list of authorities to
prove what was admitted !
But here the honorable Senator had been guilty
of an egregious non seqidtur. He says that, be-
cause Mr. Monroe used the same language respect-
ing the establishment of this line that Douglas
does, therefore he followed Douglas. Now, the
ergo in the case seems to me rather to be, since
Monroe and Douglas used the same language in
regard to the same thing, they must both have
borrowed from the same source, viz: that to which
Mr. Madison had referred Mr. Monroe, and that
was the proceedings of the commissaries—the of-
ficial records of the British Government. The
Senator says that Mr. Madison did not know
whether such a line ever had been run; but Mr.
Madison had the benefit of all the publicity of siHi
a fact, and all official means of knowing it. He
was a man full of intelligence and of great research.
He assumes the fact, although he does not know
the particulars: he assumes the fact. Mr. Jeffer-
son, besides his beins^ one of the most accom-
plished general scholars and statesmen of his day,
was President of the United States. He had him-
self been in Europe; and while in Paris, it was his
well-known custom to spend his afternoons in the
libraries and bookstores of that city, searching out
all he could find which had any bearing on this
country. Mr. Madison, under his direction, and
acting as his Secretary of State, assumes the fact
that the commissaries had met, and had had "pro-
ceedings" in reference to the line; and he sent a
paper, with memorandums and marginal notes,
(which is not now to be found,) containing doubt-
less the reasonings by which he was to make good
his aiaument from that fact. Who drew up the
paper Mr. Madison does not say. but it is highly
probable it was Mr. Jefferson himself. In giving
these instructions, he knew and felt that he Jml- *
new and delicate ground to tread; and he therefore 7
sent him all the suggestions which might aid him '
in making himself certain of his-facts before he re-
lied upon them in argument. Mr. Monroe did
add to what Mr. Madison had told him; he gave
the particulars respecting the line; and undoubted-
ly he had access to the records of their proceedings
then in London. Can it be supposed that such
men—and I do but perform a duty and obey a
patriotic impulse whilst I speak with deference of
those who have gone before us—would act as the
Senator seems to think they did in a matter of
this weight and consequence? There never have
been since their day, or before it, statesmen more
able, more calm, more just, more careful, more la-
borious, more sagacious, or moie patriotic, than
those who steered us through the storm of the
Revolution, and formed the Government under
which we live. There were doubtless in our army
men whose deeds of valor entitle them to an eter-
nal renown: but for years past my attention has,
in a particular manner, been turned to the acts of
those who conducted the political part of the Rev-
olution; and I am prepared to say that men more
wise, more devoted, more regardless of themselves,
or more careful to do nothing but what was right
before God and man, never were granted to a na- "
tion in the hour of its greatest necessity.
The men of whom I have been speaking in con-
nexion with the present question, were men of the
Revolution. It was Jefferson who directed Madi-
son what to write: it was Madison who directed
Monroe what to do and say. These men it is who
say that the line of 49° was established by com-
missaries under the treaty of Utrecht, and directed
Monroe to seek for the particulars in the proceed-
ings of the commissaries, to be found in London.
And is it at this day to be admitted; and is it to be ■
repeated here by an American Senator, on such an
authority as Greenhow; and is an American Sen-
ate to sit and hear it; or can anv American bring
himself to suppose, that James Monroe, an Amer-
ican Minister thus instructed, a man of the utmost
labor—a man of whom I have heard it said that he
carried his office with him wherever he went—in
the social circle, in his walks, in his rides—and
was so occupied, so engrossed by his business, that
it never was out of his mind—that such a man as
this would go to the English Court and act like a
beau Dawson, and, instead of going to the proceed-
ings of the commissaries, as instructed, should
have recourse to a map published in Boston-
would found his official assertions and arguments
to Lord Harrowby on a map made in Boston ? No.
It was not by comparing piles of maps that he was
to convince Lord Harrowby. How could it he
expected that he should make a parade of authori-
ties when the British Minister admitted the fact
and all its consequences at the first interview? Such
presumptions are not to be tolerated.
The Senator contends that the map I produced
from Postlewait, though constructed by D'Anville
and dedicated to the Duke of Orleans, is of no au-
thority, because it contains a note stating that the
east end of the line, the end east of James's Bay,
is incorrect. But how does that inference follow?
The inference was the other way: that all is ad-
mitted to be correct except the part objected to of
,the line—the residue was correct,
I now repeat my position, that I spoke in vindi-
cation of history—of the truths of history—and of
the intelligence of the Senate, and in refutation of
the impeachment of such men as Jefferson and
Madison and Monroe in a book by one Mr. Green-
how—a book approved and vouched for by the
Senator from Michigan. That book denies that
the commissaries were appointed under the treaty
of Utrecht, and that they did establish the line of
49 as a boundary between the French and English
possessions—a denial which I understood to be en-
| dorsed by the Senator himself.
, I knew that it would be an impeachment on the
j intelligence of the Senate to let such a statement go
i any further. What! that the members of this body
, should be ignorant of the provisions and history of
jj a treaty which put an end to the war between
Gtueen Anne and Louis XIV., which established
|i the great landmarks which have been guides to the
!, policy of nations ever since? I could not consent
that our character should go to the world branded
..with ignorance like this. The Senator endorsed
I; the book, and this would give it currency in Eu-
rope as if it were an authority on which we relied.
