1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
591
It was due to the Senate and to the American
character to show that such a conclusion would be
utterly unfounded, and that the book was entirely-
erroneous touching so great a fact as the establish-
ment of a boundary under that treaty between the
British and the French possessions in America.
As to the question of Oregon I have not touched
it, nor shall I at. present. The time has not yet
come. I expressly said, after I had established
the fact of the boundary, that I would have nothing;
to do with its application. I say that the manner
in which the Senator commented on Green how's
book rendered it proper that I should correct the
error into which he had fallen. To do that I pro-
duced authorities bearing directly on that point—
authorities^ not " recently met with," hut known
and examined by me twenty years ago. Then,
having began, I had to go on to the end; and this
brought me to Mr. Jefferson, and to the great fact
that Mr. Jefferson pursued the line of 49 as a
boundary as far west as the limits of our territo-
ries extended. When I got there I thought I had
got to a place of shelter. With Jefferson before
us—the virtual discoverer, the political father of
Oregon and its great river—the line which he
agreed to might well be agreed to by others.
{ had two points in view—one was to show (hat
Mr. Jefferson was in favor of carrying; this bound-
ary of 49 into Oregon and to the Pacific; and the
other was to show that Mr. Monroe was under no
necessity to produce the proof of the acts of the
commissaries, because Lord Harrowby seems at
once to have admitted the line.
Mr. WEBSTER said that he wished those gen-
tlemen who proposed to $>o into the history of this
matter, (which he did not,) to turn their attention
to two questions which he would state.
It was certain that, by the tenth article of the
treaty of Utrecht, it was provided that commissa-
ries should bo appointed to determine a line of
separation between the French and Knglish pos-
sessions in the northern part of the continent of
America. And it was admitted, on the authority
of Charlevoix, that such commissaries were ac-
cordingly appointed: but it is denied that there ex-
ists any evidence of acts performed by them under
such appointment, and that they did m anyway
determine sue.h dividing line.
Now, it was not doubted, in point of fact, that
some years after the date of the treaty, Oavis's
Straits, on the Atlantic ocean, (then known as Da-
vis's Inlet,) became known and mentioned by fewer
or by more geographers as the dividing point be-
tween the territories of the two nations, it was
equally true that the line of 49° north was laid
down on certain old maps as a dividing lira* be-
tween French and English territory, and said to
have been established by the treaty of Utrecht,
after the termination of a curved line, be^innititr at
Davis's Straits, and running in a curve until it
struck the parallel of 49°.
The two questions he wished to ask were these:
1. How came Davis's Straits to be known and
described in any map as the dividing point between
the territories of England and France, unless from
something agreed to under the treaty of Utrecht ?
The treaty designated no starting point at the
ocean: how did the makers of these maps get that
line? And if the parallel of 40° did not receive its
character as a dividing line from that authority, on
what authority was such a character {riven it in
those maps? "Why was not AH° or 50° taken as
the line? And whjr was 49°?
The second question was this: Suppose that no
mistake could be shown in this designation, and
that no other account could be <jiven of it but that
it was done under the treaty of Utrecht, taking the
two facts together, that the treaty did provide that
commissaries should be appointed to determine a
dividing line, and were actually appointed for that
purpose; and that such a line*was laid down on
the maps professedly on that authority, and no
other account could be given of it: did they not
raise a clear and strong presumption, and such as
would prevail in all tribunals, that this point ot
Davis's Straits, and this line of 4!)°, were fixed and
determined by those, and those alone, who had
authority to determine them >
Mr. H ANN EG AN here rose and remarked that
the day was considerably advanced, and therefore
he would, with the permission of his friend from
Arkansas, [Mr. Ashley,] move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was put and agreed to, and the ben-
ate accordingly proceeded to the consideration of
executive business.
The doors were shortly afterwards re-opened,
and then the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, -fynil 2, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday (without having been
read through) was approved.
THE INDEPENDENT TREASURY.
On motion of Mr. PUOMGOOLK, the House
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. 1)\njkl, of North Caro-
lina, in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of the bill to provide for the better organization of
the treasury, and for the collection, safe-keeping,
transfer, and disbursement of the public revenue,
and of tlie amendments thereto pending.
Mr. U. DAVIS resumed his remarks from last
evening, in opposition to the biil under considera-
tion. J le rU'erred to the present sound slate of
the currency of ihe country, anil expiessed him-
self in opposition to disturbing this wholesome and
salutary Htatc <>f things. Hat as time rolled on,
and us disordeis arose in the currency, it would
be necessary to resort to a national bank, as the
Government had twice resorted to it before; until
that was upon us, howewr, he was not for dis-
turbing the present state of things by the estab-
lishment of a suMreasnry, nor w ould he be (if the
party with whom he acted were in power) by a
Hank of the United Xuue,s, This bill, <*mon  otlu i
provisions, proposed ineM rahiv to collect the
(Jovernnient dues in < old and silver. This fea-
ture, he considered, would at t with the most mis-
cluevousand deleU nousefieei on the interests of the
country.
Having expanded this point, he next presented
Ins objections to the system as a financial agent of
the Government, urguing that it would ntlord in-
suilirient checks and securities against defalcations
and fraud, and that it nn ol\ ed a prodigal ex pi nd- !
iture for the transaction of the fiscal concerns of;
the Government, whde they would be pcilormed;
without the charge of h single cent by a United i
Suites bank, or by the present system, in its op- j;
eration, it was also far less convenient, expeditious, f
and inferior in every respect. He gave notice of
an amendment he should offer, when m order, to
throw an additional check upon collecting and dis-
bursing oifieeis.
He digressed into the discussion of other ques-
tions connected with the politics of the country,
and touched upon the Oregon question, alluding to
the recent remarks of Mr. Dotglasb thereon, eon-
tending that the President could not, consistently
with the position occupied by him previous to the
election, accept of the line ui* 4H°, and challenging
the disposition of his friends who go for 54° 4b' to
have voted for him, had they supposed he would
ever consent, to the settlement of the question on
this basis.
Mr. D. had not concluded his remarks when his
hour expired.
Mr. OliOMGOOLE obtained the floor.
Mr. JS'lVEN desired him to yield, to enable him
to give notice of an amendment, to be offered when j
m order,
Mr. FARAN rose (hesaid) toa privileged ques-
tion. He had intended to make a speech, and
having been unable to iret the floor, he wished the
prnih'^e of publishing it.
|<Vie« of ,4I .ea\ e,'? "leave."]
Mi*. DROMGOOLE declined to vield the floor,
as there was no necessity forgiving notice of amend-
ments; they could all be offered when they came i
to vote; and he proceeded, in a necessarily hurried j
manner, owimrto the limitation of his time, to an !
exposition and defence of the general principles i
and of paiticular provisions of die bill, of which we
s>ive a general sketch only.
■ As he had had the honor of reporting this bill,
j (he said.) it would be expected that he should
j make some remarks upon it. He should have
i preferred to ha\e had the bill read section by see-
i tion, that each section might have undergone a
! brief in\estimation with whatever amendments
misrht he proposed to it. If that course had been
pursued when ihey had arrived at the stage of the
bill when he should offer a bona Jtde amendment,
he should have felt it his duty, upon this amend-
ment, to have gone into an exposition of the gen-
eral principles of the bill, and then he should have
If ft to his friends to have replied to the arguments
which might be made in opposuionto it. but tne
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. C B. Smith] thought
proper to preclude them from that course by otter-
ing an amendment totally inconsistent with the
bill, and, at the same time, he opened the whole
matter, and led to a general discussion, bo that,
when they came to vote upon the bill, they must
vote upon all the amendments, without any par-
ticular discussion of their respective merits. Ot
this, however, he did not complain.^ _
He should be pleased, if he had time, to pay his
respects in detail to various gentlemen who had
preceded him in opposition to this bill, and mote
particularly to do so as a matter of respect to them;
for most of them, in their reference, to him, had
used terms of courtesy and kindness. The answer
to many of these lemarks would be found m the
general jemaiks he should make upon this bill.
Permit him, howe\er, to make a passing remaik
to the gentleman from Indiana, who complained
in suc.h tennis of icbuke ot certain gentlemen who,
he said, had changed their opinions, and upon
whom he had endeavored to fasten the charge of
inconsistency. If they had yielded to the honest
convictions of their judgments—to the force of
public opinion and the progress of truth—they had
only iriveu evidence that they do not belong to that
class of politicians who are ignorant in spite of ex-
perience; and instead of rebuke or reproach, lie
would advise the  *iulemnn from Indiana to fol-
low their example. I>ut the gentleman from In-
diana seemed to &ce war m this bill upon the bank*,
and upon the industry of the country; other gen-
tlemen saw a war about Oregon, Texas, and Mex-
ico; and Avars wire apprehended upon almost
everything. Nome of them seemed rather to rep-
resent the goddess of l Yar, than a bold and fear-
less constituency. Such were their apprehensions
of war, that they see " a ghost in every tree, in
every bush a spccue,'* and scent carnage in eveiy
hiee/e.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. M. Brown]
had confined his opposition principally to the pre-
amble. It was one of the highest evidences of
met it in this bill that he should June found nothing
to make war upon m it except the preamble, lie
thinks he sees something mysterious, something
calculated to disguise and to deceive the people;
and that the preamble has been introduced for erfect.
Yet he (Mr. D.) candidly admitted that it was in-
troduced for effect—to tlie end that itmight be dis-
tinctly understood and misrepresentations be avoid-
ed. It was known that this measure had heretofore
encountered such a ruthless opposition; that it had
been misrepresented and perverted on the hustings
before the people, as a "monster," as something
new to the people, and repugnant to the Constitu-
; tion. The object of the preamble was simply to
j indicate the measuies of our former legislation to
| which it refers, and to show that the bill, so far
j from bein«r anything new, is but in conformity with
I the early legislation and practice of the Govcrn-
' went, and founded upon the. principles of the Con-
| stitution. Anil when this preamble, like a faithful
: index pointing to early legislation, shall lead the
I people to think correctly and see the subject in a
' proper light, then gentlemen would be deprived of
' the opportunity which they have heretofore enjoy-
: ed of representing this as a terrible k'iYionster.'J As
i Palstaffsaid to Prince Hal, "this is my vocation;"
, so it was their vocation, their calling, to represent
' it as the "odious" sub-treasury, calculated to en-
: courage thieves and robbers, to pamper them out
I of the treasury, to put it withm their grasp. The
; preamble points to former legislation which is in
' conformity with, and is carried out in greater per-
; feetion, by this bill. That is the cause of their com-
plaints, of their jeremiads. The poet Ovid wrote
i a book which he entitled Trhtia, describing his sor-
rows in his banishment; and these gentlemen also
i had better imbody their lamentations in a little
book, and send it forth to the world, that it may be
| seen how they bes\r their banishment; for they
i have been banished from power—not to the Isle of
\ Patmoa or to St. Helena, but to the head waters of
1 " Salt river."
i The honorable gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
| Da\is,] to whom he wished to pay a passing tnb-
; ute, commenced with a lecture, very beautifully
:j pronounced, about sinking the partisan and acting
the dignity and calmness of the statesman, How
far his party denunciations to-day may have corre-
