598
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aprii;%
had the statesmen of that time any notion of the
value to them of that convention, which is now
attached to it, they would have allowed the rcpie-
sentations which were made 111 Parliament to go
forth to the world uncontradicted" I cannot ima-
gine such a thins,'. It is incomprehensible, and no
man can believe it. Let mo reier to tins matter lor
a moment. The Duke of Montrose, m the House
of Loids,on the occasion of a vote of thanks being
proposed to the. King for the negotiation of the con-
vention, says:
We arc not only restored to Nootka, hut we mcy partici-
pate in a more northern settlement, if wo should lintl at any
titr.fi that a 11101 <; noi thci u -ataation would be pi efeidhle lor
the earning on ot the trade."'—Parliamentary History, vol.
28. j). 9J4.
This is the language of an individual who way
in favor of the Government; and from what he
says it is clear he did not believe a word of the
sentiments now advanced by the British Minister.
Aftei looking well into the matter; after consulting
all sources of information, having the best oppor-
tunity of hearing all that could be said in relation
to the claims of Great Britain, he contents himself
with saying that they had acquired the rh;ht of
settlement north of Noolk.i Sound. Ill the Hou sc
of Commons, Mr. Fox said:
« He was a" much a fiiend to the rl'rims of Spam, sanc-
tioned by the treaty of Utrecht, a1- Count Fluitd.i Bhinca, 01
any Spanish Mmistei, betaiwe they 1 trie founded in iu<tic<
Tne^e were, «/i ccrj'irtvc ii>ht ofinritou;. navigation, and
commeice, on the !-ea« and eo:Mof tip.mifh Aineiio.i. rJ'he .
absurd and extravagant claim* aro^e iroai e,Ytcruuu<r the :
term Spanish Ameucn ly sens and co<t&is v here Spain had no \
right of occupancy. To what did we object hetote. lutt 10 j
the indefinite Innit* of Spanish America? The objection j
still lemamrd ; f'>i the Hunts of Opdm&h Amrnea weie still 1
undefined.1'—p &S£- [
Following up the same argument, he adds: !
"Vnicieoui admitted light of settlement on the north- ;
west eoa^t eom>n<.'nced was compktelv undefined. If it I
was said «t Nootka, u-e aid not know that 2\jutka uould be ie- :
stored.1'—Hid. 1
And again: j
'•'Thus wo had given up c'l right to settle, exec pt for rem- 1
poraiy purposes, tJ the south of the bpani^h settlements, c,r in '
the intervals bet'neen them, it they happened to be distant. I
We had obtained an admis-ion of our light to settle to the j
1101 th, and evi'ii that we had not obtained with clonrncssj. |
As Spanish qptrlcments were the only mark of hunts. Hip- :
pose we wcie to meet with one faitiier to tne noith than we j
expueted, and a dispute wci.-' to rm^o w Iiethcr it u<v- new ,
or old, it would b<.' mhih! utffu'uiU to tend out cm LuiUk'is |
to decide, ;
But I do not deem it nercjary to into these
debates at greater lei'"ih. We learn fioni them that <
it was openly asserted and ai.'Ucd m both Houses ;
of Parliament, that they had Ruined no'lung by the ;
Nootka contention; oven Mr. Pitt himself declared
that "if they had acquired no cenitonal rights, they |
had gained some adv.mtani > th< y did nut beloiu !
possess." [ bcl ie\o tins is perfectly conehisi\e, 1
and shows how this, co.t, ontion was undcistood nt
the time. It always appealed to me, Mr. Pre^i- ,
dent, that the ^ lews taken by the British Minister j
wore suicidal of the claims of Groat Britain. Mr. i
Pakenham has said tins convention is in force up to ;
the present time. But let me ask, if it is in force, 1
how does it happen that she never claimed under it |
the country down to the Bay of San Francisco r |
How does it happen that Great Britain, who has
shown it her constant purpose to lay hold of eveiy
foot of this earth she can, has never claimed as far
as the Bay of San Francisco? Why, she felt she
had 110 right; and if she has ever done so since, it '
was altogether an afterthought, for the purpose of \
opposing our claims. .Nothing else can account for '
it. And here, Mr. President, I will not detain you
with any lengthened argument to s>how that this 1
Nootka Sound convention was terminated by the
war between England and Spain in 1796. It is not 1
necessary to my ai^ument to do ?>o; but I believe ■
it is practicable to show from the law of nations,
and in 3tvict accordance with that interpretation
sanctioned and acted upon by England, that the I
Nootka Sound convention was terminated by the j
war of 1798. What says Mr. Pakenham < That'
there are certain national rights which, as in this ,
case, would survive war. If that be so, in this m- ;
stance, why did he not tell us what these rishts !
were, and leave us to judge for ourselves : 'The ■
United States had a claim there under the treaty of
Louisiana; whether right or wrong, her citizens 1
had gone tVere and explored the country; they
were in possession, and certainly ought to have !
been consulted before a treaty was made to cut
them out. j
But I have seen an argument advanced in the !
newspapers 011 this subject which has struck my
my mmd with great force; it is this: If, as claimed
by Great Britain, the convention survived the war,
and is still in force, what bccame of it in 1827?
in 1818, when the treaty of joint occupation was
formed, we were 011 quite a different footing from
that of 1827; for at the former period we were not
possessed of the Spanish title. But in 1827, when
we renewed the convention of 1818, we were the
holders of the Spanish title. They had transfer-
red every paiticle of it to us—the absolute sover-
i: eig-nty, the eminent domain, and whatever their
l! rights w ere under the Nootka Sound convention.
|| It it were in force at that time, i would like to
j' know how it could be possible it was not annulled j
jj m ihat convention of ld£7, which it certainly was. I
j All tiie rights of Great Britain, all she can claim, I
'[ wene limited by the terms of the Nootka Sound '
accordance with the sense of the American peo- ■
pie.
I will detain you, sir, but a few moments long-
er. I will refer for a moment to the amendment
offered by the Senator from-'Georgia, [Jvfe- Col-
quitt.] I cannot vote for it -Brr account of the
second clause. [Here Mr. A. read the resolutions
as proposed by Mr, Colquitt,] Now, sir,-any
one who knows the Senator from Georgia knows
he did not intend to involve the two countries -is
a war. His object is pea<ie, and he doubtless-be-
lieved that his resolutions would be the means of
effecting it. And yet, in my humble conception,
if we have war, Jt will be brought about by giving
this form of notice. If it is passed here, it will
be rejected by the House of Representatives, and
then no notice'will be given. I would vote for
that of the House of Representatives as the only
convention to a joint occupancy with Spain; and jj means of preserving the peace of the country. If
I; if so hunted, Spam had the sole right of sover-
[' ei^nty within herself, and we step into Spain's
'< shoes. Now see what a situation Great Biitam
jj would be m, when we come to terminate this con-
;j volition of J$>7. She will be driven back on her
j; original ri^nis. But 1 think Great Britain has
; pl.vxd hrii-.elf 111 this pukiuun by her own act. All
^ she hud by the Nootka Sound convention was a
J joint occupancy,and in entering into a Ucaty with
I all she Jmd w.is that same right of joint occu-
pancy. In erneiing- into the convention of 1827
! we merged all claims and go back to our original
!! rights. Great Britain had nothing but a joint oc-
cupancy, and by that she must stand or fall, for
i she has not the shadow 01 a elann by the conven-
tion.
| 1 had intended, Mr. pjosident, to say a few
| word* on the Ainorn,.m tale, whiih I esteem as the
j beut title in existence, and one we could have main-
, tamed a^uinsl Spam, Gicat Britain, and all the
| worid together. If Spain had sold her rights to
, Gieat Britain, 1 am oi opinion we coukl still have II
I maintained our title against Spain and the whole
I worid. And although i will concede Spain discov-
; ered the country iirst, she did no act to settle it; \'
S and Without settlement and exploration, ins agieed |j
I that prior discovery is worm little, it is useless :j
! to tell me theie cannot be a second discovery. I 'i
do not refer to the (lisco\e)y by U.ay altogether, i'
| Wo *ent Lewis and Ola ike theie to explore it; our !;
this notice is carried here, how is it carried? By
a majority of the Democratic party ? No. If it is
carried at all, it must be by a small fraction of
the Democrats with the aid of our friends on the
other side of the chamber; and, if so carried, it
will be sure to be rejected by the House of Rep-
resentatives.
But referring back to the sixth protocol in the
negotiations of 1844. it will be seen it contains the
following statement of the British Minister:
i/cns alterwaids f.eiiieU it fifty miles north of the
Columbia m cr, and made setthanenis there. These
were all captuied in the war, but afterwards re-
stored to us. 1 believe from ail tins we could make
a good claim against England, if &hc had the Span-
isn title.
In regard to the question of compromise, I do
not believe, sir, our Government was bound at all
iii consequence of having made olieis of compro-
mise b<foio; and 1 cannot agree with the gentle-
man fiom Gooigia that theie is any diit'erence be-
tween an individual jihI a Gov ernment m regard to
the application of this principle. I do not agree
that that principle applies to individuals, bccause
there is a tribunal to settle between them. It is
consistent with the higliest common sense that an
individual should be able to eome forward and
rlket "r .r r?|;  - %% z ™sr
. iiini in a suit at hi\v, unless accented bv tiie ad- 1 1,1 * • ^ ' j ■> 1
™ Put r k i 7 would notgiYeit; and resolve to proceed €
pnty. but nave we no xitbunal between • „s „t. tilft nf -
Great Britain and ourbches? Ila\e we not that
of the civilized woild, to which wes refer our case,
with all the ciicumstaoccs attending it? But how
is the fact in ngard to this matter of compromiseJ
\ou may look at the whole, from beginning to
end, and without one exception, 1 believe, these
oilers of compromise were withdrawn, and a pro-
test enteicd, so that they might not be subsequently
brought up against them. Now, how was Mr.
Polk situated in regard tu this? Was he bound 111
honor, as some had insisted, to renew those oilers
made betore .* If he was, his proposition, made
on his coming into oiilce to the British Minister,
was a dishonorable erne. If he was bound at all
by the precedent set by his predecessois, he was
bound to a similar extent, and his proposition
ought to have been similar to theirs. Theirs in-
cluded the navigation of the Columbia. His ought
to have included it also. But who believes that?
No one. If the President, m the exercise of a
sound discieiion, was induced to make a proposi-
tion, as he dul, it was not because he was bound
m honor to do so. It was done in the exeicise of
a sound discretion, and with a desire to preserve
! the peace of the country, hoping it would be in
> "That reserving for a future occasion such observations
! a* he imglit wish to present by way of explanations, in re-
: ply to the statement la-1 presented by the American Plenf-
| poteiitnuy, he was for the present obliged to declare, with
I inference to tho concluding part of that statement, that lie
i dul not feel authorized to enter into discussion respecting the
i territory north of the 4Sth parallel of latitude, which wasurif
j dcrUood tn/ the Britieh Government to form the hasis of ncgo-
j fiction on the side of the United States, as the line of the Oo-
j htmbut formed that on the side of Great Britain.*'
j The statement thus made has never been retract-
; ed at all. What he says was communicated to
| Congress, and forms part of our public documents.
! The British Minister declares he would not feel
| justified to negotiate for the country north of 49.
J Now, while we are acting on the question, we have
j a proposition offered, expressive of our earnest de-
j sire to negotiate and compromise this matter. Ne-
j gotiate for what? The British Government, we
! see, declares its intention was to negotiate for the
territory between 49 and the Columbia; and if there
is any foundation for putting such a construction
on the clause of this resolution in favor of compro-
mise, as to make it acquiesce in the expressed in-
tentions of the British Government, I ask, is there
a man in this Senate, or in the United States, who
would dare to put such a weapon in the hands of
the British Minister—who would give his vote for
it? I apprehend not. I have not heard a single
individual on either side, be his general views v/hat
they may, say he would eome down short of 49.
I cannot go, sir, for the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky either. It authorizes the
President to give the notice at any tnue within
twelve months after the expiration of the present
session of Congress. I do not pretend,,'sir, to he
anything of a diplomatist; but I think if we give
J this notice, the British Minister may say he does
j not want it; it is given for our own purposes and
or we
A at once
[ as at the exprration of the twelve months,' How
■ would you avoid this? I would not like to give-it
i at ail unless Congress was in session. One thing
further in relation to this convention of 1827?
u Art. 3. It n agreed that any country that may be-claim-
p(] bj cither party on the northwest coast of America, west-
ward of the Stony mountains, shall, together with Its har-
bors, bays and creeks, and the navigation of all rivers within
the came, be fnv and for the term of t^n years fiom the
date of the signature of the present convention, to the ves-
sels, citizens, and subjeets of the two Powers.; it being well
undeistoorl that this agieement i> riot to be con^tmed to tiie
piujudiee of any claim which either of the two high con-
tracting parties may have to any part of the said country,
nor shall it be taken to affect the clrtmis of any other Power
or State to any pait of the said conntiy ; the only object of
the high contracting paitie?, in that t Dfmg to pi event
disputes and differences among thf'iniselves."
Tsow, sir, I cannot see for the soul of me, from
this, where we get the authority to settle this coun-
try at all. At the time of this convention, it was
a perfect wilderness. All either party wanted was
; a passage through this country in pursuit of the
! animals of the forest and the fish of tne rivers, and
: it the country is to remain open, how we have the
; right to settle it is to me incomprehensible, if we
1 are disposed to keep to the terms of this conven-
I tion. X do not believe we have. The very act of
