1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
599
taking possession of it bjr the British, of dotting it
over with farts, in my opinion, abrogated this con-
vention. But how the system of masterly inac-
tivity of the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Calhouk] could be carried on consistently with
this convention, I cannot understand. Allow me
to ask if, in two years more, the Willamette val-
ley will be open to our people, if this question is
not now settled? No; it will be closed up. But
I deem it indispensable that we give the notice be-
fore we settle that country with our emigrants. It
will be acting in good faith to do so, and declare
our determination to the world that we are pre-
pared to settle this question.
I am sorry, sir, for having detained the Senate
so long. I conclude with the hope that this body
will pass the notice in some shape. And it seems
to me, whether war or peace proceed from it, we
owe it to ourselves to settle this long-pending ques-
tion. I hope we will pass it, and pass it without
any condition such ajj will trammel it in the other
House.
Mr. McDUFFIE obtained the floor, and moved
an adjournment.
THE ASHBURTON TREATY.
Mr. WEBSTER asked for the reading of the
message which was received from the President.
The message, which was in reply to a resolu-
tion introduced by Mr. Wrbster calling for cer-
tain correspondence relative to the Ashburton trea-
ty, was then read.
Mr. WEBSTER then inquired of the Senator
whether his motion was to adjourn over until
Monday ?
Mr. McDUh'l''lE replied that it was simply to
adjourn.
Mr. WEBSTER wished, then, to say (and the
motion to adjourn having been withdrawn for that
purpose, Mi. W. proceeiled to say) that, in tin;
course of the discussion upon the Oregon question,
observations had been made, from various quarters
of the Senate, in disparagement of tlir tieaty of
Washington of An^u.st, 18<t" '. It Mas my fortune,
(continued Mr. W.,) whether for i;ood or evil for
my country and myself, to have a hand in the ne-
gotiation of that treaty. It v..is much discussed
before the Senate, and thai discussion was made
public. Ill returning here a^aiu, sir, through the
favor of the Commonwealth of whit h i aai a citi-
zen, nothing was further from any purpose of mine
than to revive, or to reconsider, or to discuss uitr
again any of the questions connected with that
treaty. There have been sentiments expressed by
Senators here very unfavorable to that treaty, but,
sentiments which of course gentlemen lime n right
to express. The President of the United Nates til
the time, and myself as Secretary of the Depart-
ment of State, have been eonceiutd in a transac-
tion which has been submitted to theSenate, whu-h
wa3 properly before the Senate, and v.'ns a fit sub-
ject for discussion in the Senate JSohody ever
heard, or ever will hear, a wotd of complaint from
me of anything said by any Senator in his place
on that occasion. Hut since 1 have mine here
again, and, in the discussion of the Oregon ques-
tion, allusions have been frequently made by way
of disparagement to that treaty in many panieu-
lars, 1 have not thought it my duty to forbear a
proper and just vindication of the treaty, a.s well
for myself, who bore a secondary part in it, as for
the then President, who gave it his sanction and
submitted it to the Senate.
It is my purpose, therefore, with the leave of the
Senate, to trespass, 1 hope not too long, on its in-
dulgence, as soon as 1 may have an opportunity,
and to talce occasion to reply to the allusions which
have been made m this debate to the tieaty of
Washington.
It was with this view that I proposed to the Sen-
ate a call for certain correspondence respecting the
northeastern boundary which has not been pub-
lished. I believe, in point of fact, that my rail did
not extend so far as to embrace every unpublish-
ed fact in the case; nevertheless, it extended far
enough for my purpose. The answer from the
President, together with the documents asked for,
are now m the hands of the Secretary of the Sen-
ate, and my purpose is to move that they be printed
for the use of the Senate and distributed; and^f
the Senator from South Carolina conclude his re-
marks to-morrow, it is my purpose to take up the
subject to which I have referred, and detain the
Senate for one hour upon it, on Monday.
The message was then ordered to be printed, ;
and j-
The Senate then ad journed. j
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, April 3, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday (without having been
read) was approved.
Mr. ATKINSON asked leave to offer the follow-
ing resolution; which was read for information;
"liewtved, That the Secretary of the Navy be re-
spectfully requested to furnish this House with a
i: detailed statement showing the amount of pay and
ij emoluments for the two last fiscal years of the sev-
j eral field olfici rs anil start' of the marine corps of
!! the United States; also, the number of officers and
ij marines in the service of the United States, the
number at each post, the stations of each officer;
|! and that he report whether, in his opinion, the
!. good of the service! requires the number of officers
and the crudes now in the pay of the Government,
p and whether any reform, and if any, what reform,
j is required in said corps; and that he accompany
bis report with any lemaiks deemed pertinent by
|i himself.
|j Mr. ASUMCiS" ob|C< ted.
j: Mr, RATHBUN mount a suspension of the
lj rule*, to mable the ^enthman from Virginia [Mr.
jj Atkivsov] (o introduce the resolution.
j: Ami the qite.Mion hating been taken, and l\vo-
!i thirds voting m the ailirmative, the rules were sus-
jj pended.
• j And the jrs-Mmfion hcini-; thus bofoie the House,
b Mir. AST I Ml IN submitted that, bem^ a eal! for
jl information, it must lie over one day.
The SPKA K KU so dei hied, except there should
' he unanimous consent, or a suspension of the rul( s.
Mr. BOVD nvved tluif the rules he suspend* d
for 1 be purpose of consideiimj the resolution at
this time.
And the quinton bavtmr he< n taken, nnd two-
1! third* voting in the aflu maltve, the rules w ere su*-
'! pend< d.
| And the (jiiestioii hein^ on die adoption of the
,j revolution,
;i Mr. UO( M calhd for its reading, and it was
■ a^nin read.
j Mr. HOYD demanded the previous question,
p There was a seeoud. The main question was
ordered, and, being taken, the resolution was
I adapted.
:j PUKSO.NAt. EXPLANATION. |
;j Mr. B(rKT rose mid asked leave of the House
'! to make a peisonal explanation.
[ 1 ,enve bein;- granted,
b He said: it will he remembered, I\Ir. Speaker,
jj thai, a few days suae, when a personal allusion
i; was made to mo by Hie honorable gentleman from
I Kentucky, [Mr. U. IK\is,J in relation ton eom-
!| mume.;ttion nmde by the Secretary of War to the
|) Committer on Mthmry Allans, of which J am a
I; member, I slated that the Committee on Military
ii Allan's of the I louse had m;tde no call upon the
II Secretary of War, but that the communication
I wlueh had beet) made by the Secretary of War to
> that committer was made of his own motion. The
: chairman of that committee, as well as myself, :
stated to the House that the information furnished
the committee by the Secretary of War was of a
eoufideniial nature. I then denied, sir, in answer ,
; to the ^emleman from Kentucky, that there was
' any other secreev in mat communication than such
a^ th" injunction of confidence implies. I perceive
that the .statement which, on that occasion, I made
j. to the House, has been controverted by the editor
j| of the "Union," in an article of the 31st March.
■ It was my desire, as is known to the chairman of ;
<' the Military Committee, to have made the correc-
jl lion which 1 now desire to make, the very morn-
in;;'tins article appeared; but at his suggestion, it j
i has been deferred unto (he present time.
,i The article headed Estimates of the War and
Navy Depaitments for National Defence,'' in the
editorial columns of the "Union" of the 31st
! March, says:
: <- The militai * and mn  il committees of Congress. neeord-
•. mu: to a lon^-e^iabli^hed utage, communicated with the de-
partment-, an<l linked their views :ts to the increase of our
|; national deieiuv.-;.''5
.j Now, I repeat, sir, that the Committee on Mil-
j itary Affairs of this House made no such commu-
•' nieation to the Secretary of War.
The article proceeds:
" They ftbft Secretanes of War and of the Navy] did not
think proper to withhold from the committees of Congress
the e*5mktcs and suggestions: of the bureau*. 1 hese were
nl-o communicated, ami in the u^ual maimer, without any
injunction of secrecy whatever, except that the Soeietary of
\Var verv properlv suggested that some facts as &et forth m
the report* of ihe military bureaus, and underwood to relate
to the weakness of some military positions, should not be
made public."
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have the permission of the
Committee on Military Affairs of this House to
use, for the purpose of my statement, a letter to the
chairman iVom the Secretary of War, of 31st of
Dwember, 1845. The following is an extract from
that letter:
'• Sir* The clnmimm of the Committee ofthe Senate on
Mihtniy Artrtir* bavins? *ent tome the resolution of that body
tnr|iiiimu; into thr condition of our fortifications, &c., and
desired to be furnished with i-'ueh information a4* I had to
ofiVr ui regard to tlie matters embraced nt that resolution, I
tiansnntted to hnn a cumimuneaiion from Major General
Scon to 111on imlitaiy afi'u^, and two reports, one trom
the ('Inef Kn'rineer. and one uom the officer 111 chaige of the
ordnance binean. accompanied by remaiks of my own on
the subject treated of in these document*. I herewith send
jou eopisH, 01 rather (lapheatc! of c.icliof th««e papers for
the use «>f \ourse|f and the mihtarj committee ofthe House,
with the request tint they may not be made puhliu. It would
he dctriment.il to the public interest it the facts therein stated
should b° known to ,t foreign i'ower, which may, in the
course of events,become the enemy of the United States."
I have further to say, sir, that not only was this
request distinctly maue, as his letter shows, but
there was no intimation that a single fact in the
reports from the bureaus to him might be made
■ public by tin: committer.
It is due to the Secretary of Wnr that I should
miv that, although he did,"as he states in his letter,
< oMmttniK-ato tbt m- (siim^tcs to the House com-
niiine in eoiiM'ipi; nc< of the resolution of the Sen-
ate, and not of any application to him by the com-
miMre of the House, 1 deem this communication
einnu ntly judicious and pioju r. 1 do not perceive
that the'slightest censnto can be imputed to the
1 Secretary of War for making this communication,
ll bad been called for by a resolution ofthe Sen-
ate, and it was expedient and becoming; that it
.should haw be* n submitted to the appropriate
commuter of this House. The state of the coun-
try. at that time, remleied if, m my estimation,
not only pioper, but necessary.
THE CUMBERLAND IIOAD.
Mr. R. SMITH moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
i the Union, with a view to take up the Cumberland
j road bill.
Mr- DROMGOOLE made an ineffectual effort to
I present a memorial on a subject which he said
■ was now undergoing the investigation of a com-
mittee.
The question on the motion of Mr. Smith hav-
m;r been tnkrn, and decided in the affirmative,
The H ou>e iv-oived itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Foot, of
YYi mom. in the chair.)
i\fr. R. SMITH moved that the committee take
up th'- lull making an appropriation for the Cum-
berland road.
Air. BKODHKAD indicated the bill in relation
to the licensing of canal boats.
Mr. KATHBUN indicated the bill in relation to
■ the appointment of officers.
The question having been taken on the motion
of Mr. Smith, the vote siood—ayes 81, noes 25.
INo quoiuni \oting.
A second count was taken, and the vote stood—
ayes 80, noes 22.
; Still no quorum voted.
■ A1r. YANCEY moved that the committee rise,
and report the fact to the House.
: Some conversation followed, in which Messrs.
i G. W. JONES, DANIEL, COBB, YANCEY,
, and the CHAIRMAN, partiripated—
"When, to test the fact whether a quorum was
] present or not.
;j Mr. DANIEL moved that the committee rise,
| and asked for tellers, -who were appointed.
|j And the vote being taken, stood—ayes 37, noes
;j 8fi. So a quorum voted.
But the committee refused to rise.
ij And the question having been again taken on
'i the motion of Mr. R. Smith, it was decided in the
II affirmative.
;j So the committee proceeded to the consideration
'j of the bill to provide for the continuation of the
, Cumberland road in the States of Ohio, Indiana,
and Illinois: winch is m the following words:
