1840.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
603
that time at the head of the Committee on Public Land*,
and had the confidence of the House so completely that hia
voice was the law of all subjects connected with them} &o
little interest did they, at that tune, excite. There were then
thirty-two Senators m all, of which Ohio had, of course,
two; that is, the one-sixteenth of the whole. In the elec-
toral college she had three votes, which made her weight
about the one-dftiejh m that body—a weight scarcely telt or
estimated in the political movements of the day.
"Such, atthat time, was the infant and feeble condition
of the new States. Since then, in a period but little exceed-
ing that allotted to a single generation to pass over the
stage of life, how wonderful the change t Instead of one, a* .
then, there are now nine new States; and m the place of |
two Senators m thirty-two, we now have eighteen in filty- |
two: making, instead of one-sixteenth, more than a third of \
the whole; and already three territories—Florida, Wi-.con- '•
sin, and Iowa—are struggling for admission. When admit-
ted, which must be shoitly, there will then be twelve new
States, with twenty-four Senators in fifty-six, which will in-
crease their relative weight in this body to three-sevenths of
the whole.
" But as wonderful as has been the increase in this body,
it will be still more so, after the next census, in the other.
It will be taken next year, and a new apportionment of the
members will be made uudci the Constitution; when, in-
stead of a single member, being less than one in a hundred,
as was the case twenty-seven years ago, the representation
of the new States will then stand to the old, at lea&t as forty,
to sixty, or two-fifths of the whole, as calculated by a friend
familiar with the subject, and in whose accuracy I have
entire confidence. Tne now Stated having, as they will
then, three-sevenths m this, and two-fifths in the other
House, will, of course, have a relative weight in the elec-
toral college, or the same thing in a choice of a President,
compounded of the two, that is, five-twellths of the whole.
So much for the past.
Now if we turn to the future, we shall find the cause of
this amazing growth so far from being exhausted or weak-
ened, is acting with increased force, and mging f'orwuid
the growth of those States with accelerated,Jnwteud of a de-
creasing velocity ; so much so, that the past changed in the
hist twenty-seven years will appear as nothing, eoinpaiod
with what will take place in th<; next twenty-seven, unlem
Rome unfoicseen occurrence should intervene to retard their
progress. If iny memory serve me, our population, twenty-
seven years ago, wu& about seven millions*; and our annual
increase then—that the excels of births over deaths in-
cluding emigration—about two hundred thousand, estimating
our growth at three per cent, compound. Since then, our
population has increased not le*«. than nine million", m.iktng
the present probably about sixteen; which, on tlio s.une
data, will make our annual inereaae at MiU lime but little
short of half a million; the greater part of winch will (hid
their bonier in the new States.
"I will not enter into a minute calculation iihto the cti'eeta
of this great ineicase on the tdative w eight ot iho new and
old States at the next succeeding ewe us, ui !h  0. It n  Mit-
licient to say, that it will stive a d 'eui- d maj u 'tv to the foi-
inei, both in the House ol Keprcd-'iitativea and m the electo-
ral college, and, of course, in the Government; and liiii'.nt
the short s-pa.ee of one tfeneiatiuu and a hall', ihe sceptic of
po.itieal power, a* between tlie old and new State.', will
have passed from the fbimei to the lauci.
" Now. with those umtue-tiouable r< puIM before u-n I
ask, not whether it would be wise to continue the old m *-
tera; no, Mr! a far bolder question : Will it ho practicable?
And if not practicable, would it b.> wine to strangle to mn~
t.uiue it, till overthrown by the foiee of unavoidable and
irreufetible causes ? I a^ic, what would he the frterti <>i'*ueli
a struggle? Would it not he to exeito. in the tii*t iiifiuuee,
animosity and di-cord between the old and new Slates, and,
in the end, to overthrow the entire land .\\>tem, uiih ihe
certain los«, ultimately, of the public domain ? I shall not,
on this occasion, attempt a formal (hseu^mn of the ;e point*.
I propose, in order to illustrate, simpi> to allow how vain
and dangerous would be the attempt to hold on to tin- pres-
ent system^ under these great ami growing chan«<-, hv[iui-
cing itn operation uuder a single aspect, its bearing on the
Presidential question."
In Oregon, too, we have an immense quantity
of territory which must very .soon he cmbiared m
our land system, and our true pulicy is to extend
this road (varying it, if necessary, ho as to make
a railroad of it) to the mouth of the Columbia river.
The lands in that country, or the proceeds thereof,
should he appropriated 111 the construction of the
road. It is a great national object, and intimately
connected with our commercial and agricultural
prosperity. I would have the road constructed out
of the land fund, out of the lands whose price
would be enhanced by its completion. By this
course we could avoid fastening' it as a chaise
uj3on the treasury, and also avoid connecting it
with any general system of internal improvements.
A raihoad to the mouth of the Columbia river
would almost annihilate space between that point
and Washington city, would at once open that
country to the enterprise and industry of our rap-
idly increasing population. I will dismiss this
branch of the subject, after saying that the Cum-
berland road is so intimately connected and so
closely interwoven with the lands ceded to this
Government by Virginia, and it has effected so
much in promoting the sales of those lands, and
the Government has so repeatedly held out induce-
ments to purchasers to buy even second and third-
rate land on the line of the road in preference to good
lands at a distance from it, that Congress cannot
refuse to complete the road without being involved
in the most palpable violation of good faith.
Let those who profess to have constitutional
scruples on this subject, examine it thoroughly in
connexion with the Virginia deed of cession, and
that provision in the Constitution conferring on
Congress unlimited discretionary power in regard
to the territory of the Government. Superadd to
this the fact that the road originated under the Ad-
ministration of Thomas Jefferson, than whom there
never existed a moie able and far-seeing statesman
or purer patriot. Let them further recollect, that
it was time and again sanctioned by General Jack-
son, who, from year to year, signed bills making
appropriations to this work; and also, that our
most able statesmen and eminent expounders of
the Constitution have, in every possible form, sanc-
tioned tins measure. I call upon our friends from
the South to make no captious objections to this
bill; not to permit sectional jealousies or selJish con-
siderations to influence their vote; not to join in
a crusade against it, because it may not square pre-
cisely with their peculiar notions of constitutional
construction.
In conclusion, 1 would say to each member, let
this Government he just; let it do right; let it keep
its plighted fuith; and, above all, let the old States
"turn from the error of their ways," and seek no
longer to oppress, the West; for alter 1850 she will
stand on the iloor of the American Congress in the
full might and majesty of her strength; and though
she will certainly remember her friends, she may
not quite forget her enemies.
Mr. STANTON gtivo notice of the following
amendment, which he should otter when m order:
"lie ll father i-nncli-ft. That tor the comph turn of the
military road eoniuu-Me«<t in toe State oi Arkaiifa*, oppo.-ue
Mempliw, ill 'IVnuev-iiu', thete w Ih'H'M sjumted to tin Male j
of Arkan.-a-s, Mf U,ui)U aeit> ot pu!>lu*laiuK,oi •.<> muen there j
of as may he neef^asy, t<  h'-'te.l h\ u>eGo\< tisoi ut j
faaid Hnue, and di-|   «'<i oil.) the I.<-«i.-taiuiv tin >< •>(. i
ih Jin** U U fviti.u v.uKtul, That in** said load shall he i
hunend.-ivd !•> tin- Hiat'-'d Aik.m.-iio, ,utd tae uitm contiul j
tilth ot shall he vsl.-tl in raid Wtit t > ihe Mine e.vtenl, and 1
upon the same condition". a< 1.ch inOetoie piovidcd in let- '
Hence to til- Cumbenami io:ul, and the Sun x tlnouyh |
which H pa mcV j
Mr. N. briefly ex plained and enforced the pro- \
pnuy of this mnciitniH'iii.
Mr. PAVMl u«urnd to and \imiieatrd tin;
pouilton lie had tak« 11, a few d.iy^ Mmv? with i < f- 1
oreheo to the nature and extent of the powers of ;
the Ueneuil Uow rnnient; yielding in this eon- .
ni'xion for purposes ul'explanation to Messis. Til' - i
15 ATTN, vSTANTDin , and Ik MARTIN. j
lie opposed, uncompromisingly, this appropritv- j
tion lor the Cumberland road, denying utterly Us 1
;i eonNfiiutioiMSuy, n.ai objecting to it on every j
| jit'otuul—voiding for explanations to Messrs. i
I fSCHKNCK niid 110 P. WIT SMITH.
j Ale. VAM'IY, with it forence to the claim set
j up in favor of this .impropriation, « n the ground of
1 j conduct on the part oi' Uo\erinnenl, denied that,
, at letu-i, at the [uesent tnuc, there was any obli<>u-
; tion ol'this kind re.uiu" upon the (.u>\ermuetit; the
« two per cent, fund hauni* long since been exhuust-
ij ed, and proliaiily live tinus tiiat amount of appio-
I pnation^ iuwui-: turituiy heeii mad(. According
to a calculation he h.id tiuuk , thcie hail alreutiv
bo'ii rxpended upon the OoiuIk riand road about
live nn'iiioii dollar«; neconiiu^ to the estimate of
another ^entlemaa, M«\cn million doii.ms.
Mr. iiOHiuRT WAHTIl int< lpoM'd, and stated
that the true amount, was about six and a half mil-
lion dollars.
Mr. YANCKV. About sjx and a half million
dollars; and by this bill thcie was turlhcr asked,
by the amendment oilercd, 13,9tf(5,7S)2 acres of land!
lie opposed the bill, both on the. ground ofeon-
stitiuionality and of i xpediency,and cited statistics
showing the animuu oi a] pioprtattoiN of lands and
others ise, made hy Go \ ormuent lo the new States,
in refutation of the ehuige of lliiheiahty towards
said States—yielding to Messrs. CrEO. y. HOUS-
TON, McCLKLLA.ND, WliNTW ORT11, and
SCTlEiNCK.
Mr. TU3BATTS replied lo the constitutional
argument of Mr. Ptyxn, and claimed the authoii-
tU'S of Washington, Jefferson, Madison, Munroe,
Jackson, and Van X3uren5 m support of the consti-
tutionality of thus bill.
Mr. PAYNK interposed, and (Mr. T. yielding
the fioor) said: Dy tho permission of the gentleman
from Kentucky, 1 am permitted to read an extract
from the writings of Mr. Jefferson, which consti-
tutes the shield winch protected him in the sup-
posed novelty of the doctrine advanced by him
some days ago Tins is the extract.
" I consider the foundation of the Constitution,
* as laid on this ground: all powers not delegated
4 to the United States, nor prohibited by it to the
4 States, are reserved to the States or to the people.
' To take a single step beyond ihe boundaries thus spe-
i daily drawn around the powers of Congress, is to
i take possession of a boundless field of poivcr, no longer
s susceptible of any definition."
The power to dig a canal, build a road, or im-
prove a river, is not among the enumerated pow-
eis. If, then, Congress attempts to do either, we
take possession of a boundless field of power, no
longer susceptible of any definition.
Mr. TIBBATTS resumed, and urged the obli-
gation of contract to make these appropriations.
He replied also to the arguments of Mr. Yancey
with reference to the amount of appropriations
heietofore made to the new Slates, yielding for ex-
planations to Messrs. LEAKE and* YANCEY.
Without further pi oceedm^s, the committee rose
and reported progress.
Mr. BOYD ottered a resolution providing that
the debate on the bill should cease m half an hour
after it should again have been taken up in com-
m ittee.
Mr. VINTON moved that the resolution lie on
the table—ayes 46, noes 61. No quorum.
Amotion to adjourn was made: and the yeas
and nays being ordered, the motion was with-
drawn.
The question was then again taken by tellers
on the motion to lay Mr. Boyd's resolution on the.
table. There were, ayes 3*2, noesSfi. No quorum.
Mr. BAKRINGER moved an adjournment.
The yeas and nays were taken on the motion:
yeas 51), nays (M.
So the House refused to adjourn; and a quorum
VOl 'd.
Mr. STANTON moved a call of the House.
A motion was heic again made that the House
adjourn, which was earned—yeas f>9, nays 55.
So the House adjourned.
IN SENATL.
SAxrnow, J] il 4, 3£-'-lG.
Mr. DIX pre*' nted a i cnionMrnncr of citizens of
Wayne county, New Vork, against the icuewal of
a patent heretofore granted to Jcthro Wood; which
was laid on the table.
Mr. D. also presented a petition of citizens of
Orleans county, New York, praying the abrogation
of certain Indian treaties; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs,
Mr. DICKINSON presented a remonstrance of
citizens of New York, against the renewal of a
patent heretofore granted to Jcthro Wood; which
was laid on the table.
Mr. EVANS prtsentcd the petition of George
Vv\ Whiuen, a soldier in ihe last war with Great
Britain, asking a pension, which was laid on the
, table.
| Mr. BRETSE presented the petition of Benja-
- ruin Harris, praying ihe riiiht of preemption lo a
| ceitain tract of land m Illinois; which was laid on
• the table.
; On motion of Mr. BAttttOW, the papers of
1 John Cocke were ord. red to be taken from the files
of the Senate, and refeired lo the Committee of
Chums.
; REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
■ Mr. JOHN SON, ot Louisiana, from the Commit-
: lee on Private Land Claims, reported a bill for the
relief of Nathaniel Hnggatt; which was read, and
; the accompanying document was ordered to be
: printed.
Mr. L'ENNYBACKER, from the Committee of
; Claims, reported a bill for the relief of George VV.
| Walton; which passed a first and second reading.
: Mr. i}. also, from the bume committee, reported
a bill lor the reliet of Caleb Read; which was read
a first and second time.
, ^Mr. DICKINSON, from the Committee of
! Claims, submitting an adverse resolution upon the
i petition of Robert Butler; which was ordered to be
j; printed.
|| GEXERAL ORDERS OF THE DAY.
!| The resolution, sulwiiLted by Air. ,T. M. Ciay-
Jj TOXjin relation to the Oregon correspondence was
i again, on motion of Mr. C., passed by informally
;l The resolution submitted by Mr. ASHLEY
that the Senate should hereafter stt on Friday'
was taken up, when it was withdrawn by Mr. a'
