606
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
a trading voyage, and not a voyage of discovery,
cannot be brought within that description. But,
even if theie were force in this objection, the sub-
sequent exploration by Lewis and Clarke, which ■
extended up to the latitude of -19°, places our claim j
in an impregnable position, inasmuch as the dis- j
covery of Giay a nil the exploration oi Lewis and i
Clarke were followed within a reasonable and a j
shoit time by the settlement of Mr. Astor. Tims j
far I think that oiu title is very clear and sausfac- j
tory. x do not say that it is equal to the title by j
which we hold the soil on which this Capitol !
stands, but I consider it sufficiently clear. The |
country to winch it ielates is in a wild unsettled ,
condition, and I hold that whatever title we have j
to it forms a propei subject for negotiation and lair ;
compromi.se; by which I mean that we are not j
bound to claim every thin0; south of the line of 40°, '
but that some temporary advantages, with pmi- j
leocs, might propeiiy enough be conceded to j
Great Britain in that part of the territory. |
While I admit our title by the discovery of Gray, !
I will now proceed to present some other reasons
why I believe that we ought not to thmk of going ;
north of 49®. Some  L?ciivitors I know regard tins >
Government as under L\ual obligation to accept as
aboundaiy whai we h.sve omselves once oinuvd. <
\ coihob? tij j < is not my opinion. I presume, how- ■
over, that the doctrine win not be carried thus far;,
but 1 presume also that tuerc is no Senator who
docs not hehe\ e that we may not with great pro- I
prieiy accept as a compromise that winch has four !
times been voluntauly oii'ered by our Government, ;
and which extends to that part of Oregon beyond «
which we ne\er till now proposed to go. We |
offered 49° ui 3818, again in 1824; again in 18:26; !
and m 1814 wc oii'cred the same. We have never j
offered kss. Now, [ put it to Senators to say
what would they thmk il Great Britain, instead of ,
standing on the offer formerly made by her of the !
river Columbia as a boundaiy, should insist on '
coming still further south. L hu\ e been taught that :
it is our duty to do to others as we would that they '
should do to'us. Sine I am that the blood of every j
Senator, of every citizen of the United States,
would rise at once to fever heat, would gut up to ;
the war point instantly, if Great Britain should j
retract her oiler <>f the Columbia and insist on !
coming south of that liver. Why should not
England feel in the same way ? This is nol a ques- 1
tion of national faith: it is a question of prudence,,
of wisdom, of policy, of equity between nations.
In 1818 we had a revolutionary patuot at the head
ol' the Government, and the Cabinet by which he '
was suirouuded consisted of men who woic all
liesh from the scenes of the ireent wai; the pulse
of the nation beat high; and yet, under these or- !
cnnisiances, our very fust oiler was the parallel of
49°. Subsequently, under circumstances very dif- '
ferent, our oiler was stdl substantially the same. 1
ask, what new light has broken in upon us? What,
new discovery has been made? What new argu- (
ment has been staited ? On what ground could we 1
vindicate our refusal to offer now what we have
offered befoie? Is our claim less embarrassed : Is
the claim of Gieat Britain any woise? No; we
stand just as we did m 1818. Where did we stand
then ? On our right of discovery, followed by set-
tlement. Our settlement was captured by England
in the war, restored by her at the peace, and had
then, I believe, been nearly if not quite abandon-
ed. J am not certain that we had a single citizen
m all Oitgon, with the exception of Astona. Thus,
then, w c stand • Great Britain in possession of Kra-
zei's river and the Ameiicans with a few settlers
in the vallcv of the Columbia.
To be bncf, my position is, that the claim of
Great Britain m Ojegon jS not founded on the
Nootka contention; for that gave her no title at
o)l, and rather marred any that she had; but it is
founded on her discovery and settlement of F ra-
mi's rner, which happens to run to the parallel of
4iP. if, then, vve ciann on the ground oi having
discovered the Columbia river, Great Britain ims
a claim equally good on her discovery of Grazer's
rner. Jf our'diseoveiy gi\cs us the vulley of our
river, her disco veiy gives her the \ alley oi her
n\ er.
I will now go further, and state my views as to
the pobsibility of an adjustment of this question.
I hope our Senators and Representatives, and the
entire people of the United States, will ail take this
matter into serious and solemn consideration, for
I regret to be compelled to say that I believe we
are at this very moment m more danger of being
entangled m a war on this miserable question than
we ever have been before. I shall be most happy
to hear any argument which goes to make our
title stronger; but, if my view of the whole ground
is worth anything, with a title such as ours, taken
in connexion with the repeated offers we have
made for compromise, 1 ask if any Senator can
believe that England will ever adjust this ques-
tion on anything short of 49° as a boundary? Is
there any one who believes she will ever accedc
to our claim up to 54° 40'? The Senator from
Arkansas [Air. Sevier] had the candor to admit
that he did not think it possible that Great Britain
would ever recede up to 54° 40'. If so, then we
must make up our minds either to settle this
controversy on the parallel of 49°, or go to war.
1 hold that this is distinctly the question of peace,
or war. The question should plainly be put to
the people, whether they are willing that this con-
troversy should be settled peacefully and honor-
ably, by agreeing to that boundary, or whether we
shall go into a war, which God Almighty alone
know s when or where it will terminate. For one, I
hiosi sinceiely believe that if a clear and biief view
of our title, as it really exists, were presented to the
people of the United States, and the question could
be put to every man whether he would give up the
country beyond 49° or go to war, ninety-nine out
of every hundred would declare m favor of 49°.
Great God ' I am shocked at the cold indifference
with which some gentlemen have spoken of war.
I admit that when the national honor and the na-
tional liberty are involved, where any national
right entering into the elements of liberty is con-
cerned, I should never thmk of fitting down and
counting the cost. The national rights must be
preserved, the national liberty defended. But is
this such a question? Is this a question of na-
tional honor? "Where, and how? Do we make
any sacrifice? If President Polk should to-morrow
make the same offer as was made by Mr. Gallatin
m 18k26, how would the honor of the United States
be involved in it? Should we make a sacrifice of
that honor by standing where we have twicc stood
before ? Must the men of this day utterly disre-
gard the ground taken and the offer made by those
who were at the head of our affairs in 1812? To
me it seems like putting forward undue and unbe-
commg prctens>ions;'and i should not much won-
der if (-treat Britain should feel her honor some-
what involved m this attempt on our part to extort
from her more than we ever demanded before.
Is Gn at Britain less able now to maintain her
lights than she was then' Aie we moie able? L
\\ lil not enter into the question of relative military
power. The power of each nation is great enough
lor any purpose. But I will say that never, since
the foundation of the world, have two nations ex-
isted, between whom a war would be so awfully
destructive as a contest at this time must be be-
tween Great Britain and the United States. The
wars of antiquity were the wars of nations desti-
tute of commerce, withoutgunpowder, and without
steam. But a war between this country and Eng-
land, even if not a life should be sacrificed, not a
city burnt, nor a battle fought, would, from the
mere suspension of the commerce of both coun-
tries, prove a war of vast and terrible desolation,
by winch millions on both sides must be reduced
to destitution and misery. I really think that this
is a case in which it is perfectly proper that we
should sit down and count the cost. The most
prudent of men, if his honor is assailed, will de-
fend it, even at the sacrifice of his life; but if the
question between him and another has reference
onlyto a smull amount of property, it is a question
of prudence, a case m which he may properly con-
sider whether he shall gam or lose by the prose-
cution of his claim. If a settlement of our contro-
versy with England on the basis of 49° could
possibly imply a retraction of our rights from con-
siderations of fear, none would be more against it
than 1 should. But where all the grounds oi dif-
ference can be settled m a peaceable manner, and
1 s<e that the piaclical dilleiencc between war and
peace whl com the country one hundred millions
annually for at least five years, I say it is a clear
question of profit and lo«a ; and it is not extrava-
gant to say that the amount of the national sacri-
fice, so lung as such a war should endure, wiH not
he less than a hundred millions a year. This is
the lowest sum at winch, I believe, we can mam-
1 tain the contest, and, as I am responsible to God,
I would not give one-tenth part of it for the whole
of Oregon.
Having now shown what I conceive our title to
this territory to be, I am brought to consider its
probable value. And if there ever was a country«,
upon the face of the earth in which I should con-?"
sider it a great misfortune for the poorest man to^J
settle—if there be any country in the world which "
has been blasted by God, which is utterly desti-,
tute of all conceivable attraction, insomuch as to
be scarce capable of sustaining the life of human
beings, it is this very territory of Oregon. And
yet this is the region which has been magnified
into a perfect El Dorado. In support of this view,
I will now call the attention of the Senate to an
extract from a work published, mainly at the in-
stance of the present Secretary of State, then a
Senator in this chamber, and which contains, as
is generally admitted, the most perfect account of
Oregon that ever has been published.
The Oregon territory is divided by two ranges
of mountains, running in a north and south di-
rection parallel with the coast. The first of these
ranges, or that of California, runs about eighty
miles from the ocean; and the strip of country be-
tween the mountains and the sea contains about
thirty-six thousand square miles, one-eighth or
one-tenth of winch is fit for cultivation—that is, a
body of about four or five thousand square miles.
As far as I can learn, this is the only portion of
the whole territory on which a civilized human
being can rest his foot with any certainty of being
able to sustain himself by the pursuit'of agricul-
ture. These mountains divide the country into
three valleys, of which that next to the ocfean is
much the best. In this lies the valley of the Wil-
lamette, on this side of which I believe there is not,
as yet, one American settler. Those who go there
travel one thousand miles beyond the Rocky
mountains before they attempt to settle But
hear what Mr. Greenhow says. [A quotation was
read from the writer referred to.]
A line farming country, where it seldom rains
between April and November! No corn can be
raised in any part of all Oregon! And this is the
picture of the best part of the territory for agri-
culture! Then hear the same writer's account of
the next or second valley from the sea. [Another
cxtract from Greenhow was read.]
Here, between the Blue Mountains and the Rocky
Ridge, "it never rains, winter or summer, save a
short period in the spring.'' [A laugh.} Now, I
should like to know, what kindness there would be
jn a father's persuading his son to go and settle in
such a country. Even the famed valley of the
Willamette is not larger than one of the counties
in Pennsylvania, and wc have never had any indi-
cations of a contradiction of what is here said, that
the whole country on this side of it is wholly unfit
for cultivation.
I have thus given a description of the territory
we claim—and which I claim—south of the parallel
of 49°. How is it beyond that line? What is the
country we are going to war for? I beseech the
attention of my friends on this side the chamber to
what I shall read; and I ask them whether these
statements of Mr. Greenhow are to be believed, or
wc are to credit the new lights we are hereafter to
get, after the railroad shall have been completed?
[A laugh.] Mr. Greenhow says: [Mr. Greenhow's
book was again quoted.]
If this were indeed a question involvingthe rights,
and honor, and liberties of the country, I would fight
to the death even for this miserable strip of barren
soil. If the claim of Great Britain to it was per-
fectly gratuitous and insulting, I would die before
I would consent to abandon an acrc of this waste;
but as it is a mere question of property, of doubt-
ful title, I feel very ditTerently. For view the mat-
ter as we may, there is much weakness in all our
titles to a wilderness inhabited only by savages;
possibly, if tested by strictly Christian principles,
the title of both countries would be found in the
original inhabitants. I do not, however, doubt the
title of civilized nations to unsettled country fit for
cultivation; but-1 maybe pardoned lor doubting
the right of a Christian people to drive off savages
fiom a region fit only for savages.
You have taken possession here of a country
capable of sustaining and raising into the highest
comfort and abundance a civilized community; but
you cannot do so there. It seems to me, then,
that it behooves Congress well to consider not
only the value of the country itself, but the nature
,
