608
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6.
which obliged us to got the spare maintopstul yaid up m its
room ; and it was a very fortunate circumstance that these
dcfecta wete discovered in a country abounding with mate-
rials to which we could iesoit: having only to make our
choice from amongst thousands of the finest spars the uorld
produces."
He proceeds to say:
<■' To describe the beauties of this region will, on some future
occasion, be <i vc-i 1/ grateful task to the pen. of a skilful pane-
pyrht. The hc.adxj of'the climate, the innumerable pleasing
tundscufcs, 'Did the abundant fertility that unassisted nature
jntts forth, require only to be enriched by the industry of man
with villager. >11(11111011$, cottages, awl other buildings, to tender
it ttif most loyki.y country that can be imagined; whilst
the Ixbor of the inhabitants vould be amply rewarded in the
bounties ic/iich nature seems ready to bestow on cu!tivation.}>
Mr. B. said he now apprehended, from the glow-
ing descriptions of a part of that territory, to which
the enterprise of our citizens had not yet been di-
rected, the Senate and the country, taking them in
connexion with the well-authenticated accounts of
it south, in the Willamette and Umqua valleys,
would be satisfied that Oregon was not a poor,
miserable, valueless waste, but capable of maintain-
ing its millions of people.
Mr. McDUFFIE said, the description which he
had given was taken from histories and geogra-
phies which professed to give a description of the
whole country; the one which the Senator from
Illinois had given was but a single view of a sin-
gle landscape, gi\en by a mariner \\ ho was struck
with a beautiful exhibition of vegetable nature.
In reading an account of the country given by Cap-
tain Fremont, he found that in many parts Jt was
totally unfit for agricultural purposes, though his
account was interspersed with romantic views, and
descriptions of beautiful scenes in the gorges of the
mountains; filled with flowers, but scarcely fit for
the production of anything else.
But he would remark, in regard to Fuca Straits
and Admiralty Inlet, that he was aware there was
a email strip of country which was in some degree
suitable for cultivation; but the description which
he had given was beyond all doubt the correct de-
scription of the country generally. At all events,
he would be giad to heai any gentleman disprove
it on good authority. He had given the same ac-
count of the country three years ago, and he had
never yet heard a successful contradiction. He
would also remark, that Sir Alexander Macken-
zie, who had explored the whole country, described
it precisely as he had done. And he believed that
even Mr. White, who was here as agent from the
settlns in that country, had said a month ago that
a great deal of the country, for purposes of agri-
culture, was not worth a fi£.
On motion of Mr. WE1>STER, the Senate then
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, April 4, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday (without having been
read through) was approved.
THE CUMBERLAND ROAD.
The SPEAKER announced the first husmess in
order to be the resolution of Mr. Boyd, pending at
the adjournment of the House last evening, pro-
viding that all debate in Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union on the bill to provide for
the continuation of the Cumberland road in the
States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, should termi-
nate m half an hour after the bill should again have
been taken tip in committee.
Mr. DANIEL inquired of the Chair whether it
would now be in order to move that the House go
into Committee of the Whole on the private cal-
endar'
The SPEAKER said, not until the resolution,
which was itself a privileged question, should have
been disposed of.
The pending question was on the motion of Mr.
Vinton, that the resolution be laid on the table.
And the question being taken, the vote stood—
ayes 53, noes 57.
No quorum voting,
Mr. SCHENCK rose to a question of order.
The lesolution proposed that all debate should ter-
minate in half an hour. Now, he desired to be
iniormed whether the gentleman, who was entitle d
to tiie floor on this bill, had not, by the rules, a
vested right to one hour ?
The SPEAKER said it was competent for the
House to limit the debate to any time it thought
proper.
Mr. SCHENCK. But it is a change of the
rules of the House.
Mr. BOYD now modified his resolution so as
fo extend the time to which the debate should be
limited, from half an hour to two hours.
And the question having been again taken by
tellers on the motion of Mr. Vinton, the vote
stood—ayes 43, noes 62.
Still no quorum voting,
Mr. BOYD moved that there be a call of the
House.
But a few stragglers having, in the interim, pass-
ed between the tellers, the aggregate vote was
raised up to ayes 49, noes 65.
So a quorum voted.
And the House decided that the resolution should
not be laid on the table.
The question then recurring on the adoption
of the resolution,
Mr. WIJNTHROP asked the yeas and nays,
which weie ordered; and being taken, resulted as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Anderson, Benton,
James A. Black, Bowim, Boyd, BnnkerhoflT, Brock-
enhiougl), William C. Brown, Burt, Cathcart, R. Chap-
man, Olnpmun, Claikc, Cobb, Colliimer, Cullom, Cum-
mins, Daman, Jeff, i *ou Davis, l)e IVIott, Dilhn«Uam, Dob-
bin, Droin«oolo, Dur.lap, Ellsworth, Faran, Ficklm, Foster,
GdiVm. Guodjurti, Guidon, Criover, Hauihn, Ilaimanson,
Honlov, llogo, Imi.U' E Holme*, Hough, George S. Hous-
ton, Iliuigeitoid, James H. Hunt, Huiitei, Charles J. Jn-
gorsoll, Jenkins James H. Johnson, Jot-eph Johnson,
Andiow Johnson, George \V. Jones, Seaborn Jones.
Pulton King;, La tfeie, Levin, Ligon, Lumpkin, Ma<-lay',
MeOlellctml, McClernand, iMcConnell, Joseph J. McDowell,
Jame*. McDowell, MeK«i\, liaiklej Martin, Owen, Pnrnsh,
Payne, Piuv, RhiI, Kelt<\ koln-its, Sawtollc, Sawjer,
Seaminoii. Leonaid If. Sims, Simpson, Thomas Smith,
Robert Smith, Stanton. Stai kvveather, Sykos, Tiioma^on,
James Thompson, Tifobatts, Tiodwaw Wheaton, Wick,
Williams, Wilmot, Wood, Woodruff, Woodward. Yancey,
and Yell—8,i.
NAYri— Messrs. Abbott, Atnohl, Ashmun, Bmrmger,
Bull. Blaneliiud, Biodht-ad, Milam Blown, Buflington, Wil-
liam W. Campbell, Canoll, John G. Chapman, Cocke,
('umston, Uio/.km, Culver, Cunningham, Daniel, Ganett
Davis, Dixon, Doekeiy, Foot. Gentry, Guiding--, Gialnim,
Gudei, JIarper, Hilluud. Samuel I). llubbaid, Hudson,
Washington Hunt, Josupli K Ingersoll, Daniel JP. King,
Leake, Lewis, 'Lon^, McGawdie), Melleniy, Mellvame,
Marsh, Moseley, Niven, Pollock, Rathlmu, Rhett, Julius
Itoekwell, John A. Rockwell, koot, Runk, Schenck,
Tiuman Smith, Albeit Smith, Caleb B. Smilh, Stewait, St.
John, Thibodeaux, Benjamin Thompson, Trumbo, Went-
woith, White, Winthrop, Woodwoith, and Young—63.
So the resolution was adopted.
On motion of Mr. DANIEL, the House resolv-
ed itself into Committee of the Whole, (Mr. Cobh,
of Georgia, m the chair,) and proceeded to the
consideration of bills on the private calendar.
The bill for the relief of William Culver was
fn>t in Older. It was lead, as was also the report
and papers accompanying it, from which it appear-
ed thai Mr. Culver entered into a contract with
the Government to build a custom-house in New
London, in Connecticut. In the execution of his
. contract, it was found he had to go much deeper
; for a foundation than was set forth in the specifi-
cation of the architect; and that, under the instruc-
1 tions of the public oJlicers appointed to superintend
the woik, the walls were made thicker, and work
was done beyond the specifications upon which the
contract way based. The hill grants $1,317 SI in
full for the extra work and material?.
Mr. UOCTvWF.LL, of ('omieetieut, a member
of the Committee of Claims, and who leported the
lall, gave a full and clear statement of the facts in
the case, and of the merits of the claim.
Mr. L0WL1N oppoml the hill; and his objec-
tions having been ansueied by Mr. ROCK-
WELL—
It %\as> laid aside to be leported to the House,
with the recommendation that it pass.
BOUNTY ON FISHING VESSELS.
The bill for the allowance of the usual bounty
to the owner and crew of the fishing schooner Snc-
cess, Inst at sea twenty days befoie she had com-
pleted her fishing voyage of four months, next
came before the House.
The bill was opposed by Messrs. GORDON,
I DANIEL, BOWL1N, and" HOUSTON of Ala-
; bama, and was pupooited bv Messrs. HAMLIN,
; DANIEL P. K!AG, WILLIAM W. CAMP-
BELL, J. A. ROCKWELL, and McCLEL-
; LAND.
; The debate on this bill continued several hours,
; and assumed an liuei esting and important charac-
i ter. It turned upon the expediency or inexpe-
j diency of the bounty now allowed bylaw to small
' vessels engaged in ihe fisheries on the northeastern
coast of America, as an encouragement, or rather
school, for raising seamen, who afterwards may be
of very great value in the naval service, and in the
foreign commerce of the country.
As the debate on this bill has not terminated,
and there seemed to be a want of information as',
to the laws and usages upon the subject, the fol~* ^ ]
lowing short abstract has been compiled: ' .'
By the acts of 4th July, 1789, and of 16th Au-
gust, 1790, an allowance per quintal or barrel was
made on the exportation of dried and pickled fish, f
in lieu of a drawback of the duties paid on the im-
portation of the salt employed and expended in
curing the fish. ^
By the act of the 16th February, 1792, this al-
lowance or drawback was commuted into an allow-
ance or bounty, per ton, according to the size of
j the vessel, on all vessels that should be employed
j at least four months at sea, in carrying on the Bank
| and other cod-fisheries, between the 1st March
! and the 1st December, in any year; and by the 6th
i section of the act of 2d May, 1792, this bounty was
; increased by an addition of 20 per cent. The act
I of 16th February, 3 792, was limited to seven years,
| and by the act of 12th April, 1800, it was continued
; in force until the 3d March, 1811, when it expired.
. It was supplied and renewed by the act of 29th June,
| 1813, which also increased the bounty per ton of
I the vessel. This act was to cease one year after
; the close of the then existing war with Great Brit-
' ain. On the 9th February, 1816, (aftei1 the war had
closed,) the act of 29th June, 1813, was made per-
manent, and is now in force. By the act or 3d
March, 1819, the bounty was again changed, and
was established as follows: For vessels of more
than five tons, and not exceeding thirty tons, $3 50
per ton; if above thirty tons, $4; and if above thirty
tons, and having had a crew of not less than ten
persons, and having been actually employed in the
cod-fishery, at sea, for the term of'three and a half
months, at the least, but less than four months of
the season, $3 50. Provided, that the allowance to
one vessel, for the whole season, shall not exceed
$360. This is the rate of bounty now allowed.
By an act of 1st March, 1817, bounties are dis-
allowed, unless the officers and three-fourths of the
crew be citizens of the United States, or not sub-
jects of any foreign State. And by an act of 4th
April, 1818, vessels detained by unlawftil seizure
are to be allowed the time of such detention in com-
puting the four months sea-service, &c.
The last act upon the subject was passed May
25, 1824. It provides for the payment of the boun-
ty on vessels lost at sea, or wrecked returning to
port, after having completed the fishing term of four
months.
A very large number of special acts have been
passed by Congress for-the allowance of this boun-
ty, in cases where, from wreck, loss at sea, or
other casualties, accidents, or omissions, it could
not be paid by collectors. These special acts of
allowance commence in 1798, and continue down
to the present time.
Whilst Mr. McClelland was yet speaking,
some conversation took place on a point of order
between Mr. G. W. JONES and the CHAIR,
which was disposed of without appeal.
A second point of order was then raised by
Mr. G. W. JONES, that there was no quorum
present, and that it was not' competent, therefore,
for the committee to do business.
The CHAIRMAN said that, as the gentleman
from Michigan [Mr. McClelland] was address-
ing the committee, there was no mode by which
the Chair could ascertain whether there was, or
was not, a quorum. The Chair therefore was
bound to consider that there was a quorum.
Mr. JONES appealed from this decision.
And on this question, " Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee
the vote stood—ayes 68, noes 16.
No quorum voting.
Whereupon the House ad journed.
IN SENATE.
Monday, April fi, 1846.
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a com-
munication from the Department of War, in rela-
tion to the relative capabilities of the harbors
between Erie and Buffalo, on Lake Erie, of being
made ports of entry, which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of Johnson,
