THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress* 1st Session.
THURSDAY, APRIL 9, 1846.
New Series....IS o 39.
Courtis, & Co., merchants in Boston, Massachu-
setts, praying the reimbursement of duties illegally-
exacted by the collector of that port; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CAMERON presented several petitions,
praying- an alteration of the Constitution, so as to
abolish slavery; which were laid on the table,
Mr. LEWIS presented the memorial of Jos. T.
Barclay, proposing a plan for preventing fraud-
ulent reductions in the coinage, and its deprecia-
tion by abrasion; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. DIX presented a remonstrance of citizens
of Onondaga county, New York, against the re-
newal of a patent heretofore granted to Jethro
Wood; which was laid on the table.
Mr. D. also presented a petition of citizens of
Orleans county, New York, praying the abrogation
of certain treaties made with the Stneca Indians;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented the memorial
of the Connecticut Academy of Arts and Sciences,
praying the publication by Congress of additional
copies of the scientific works of the hue exploring
expedition, for the benefit of literary institutions;
which was referred to the Committee on the Li-
brary.
Mr. BREESR, from the Committee op the Pub-
lic Lands, t<> whom whs referred the bill to attach
to the Kovt Wayne land district certain tracts of
land, lyin* within the limits of that district, which
are not now attached to any district, reported U
with an amendment.
Mr. FAlUFiftl ,D, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Harriet
Ward; which was read a first lime, and the report
ordered to be printed.
OHNGRAI- OKI)KItS OF T1IF, DAY.
The Senate proceeded to ihe consideration of
the act to clun<;e the distribution of duties mucins:
the. several ntivtil bureaus; which was read a third
time.
Mr. J. M. CI.AYTON' inquired of the chair-
man of the Committee on Nuial Afl'aiis, whether
any chnn^o of any of the chiefs of the bureaus
was intended, or any transfer of them contempla-
ted by the hill >
Mr. FAIIt]''llJLD, in reply, rwid that he did not
see that the subject of inquiry by the Senator from
Delaware had aught to tin with the object of the
bill, and explained that it provided simply for an
arrangement or distribution of the duties,' in such
manner as to connect those subjects which proper-
ly and naturally come under the same class, which
was not the case, under the present arrangement.
Mr. X M. CLAYTON submitted some further
remarks, objecting to any course by which a civil-
ian, or any other than an individual practically
acquainted with the nature and extent of the ne-
cessities of the naval service, should be placed at
the head of any of the bureaus in question; or to
any other change of duties which would impose
upon Commodore Morris, Ihe present able Chief
of the Bureau of Construction, Equipment, and
Repairs, additional and more onerous duties than
those now performed by him, without an adequate
increase of salary. Mr C. was under tile impres-
sion that it was intended to transfer the above gen-
tleman to the head of the Bureau of Ordnance,
under the proposed change of the distribution of
duties, placing- him in a situation in which lie would
be compelled to perform not only his present du-
ties, but all, or nearly all, of those performed by
the late Commodore Crane, and this without any
additional pay. He objected to the principle of
employing civilians, in preference to old Commo-
dores who had seen service, atid had perhaps been
wounded, and who might be better employed on
shore than at sea. A charge had been imposed
on the treasury by the removal of Captain Shu- I
brick torn the superintendence of one of these bu- !
reaus, to the navy-yard, m order to make way for
a citizen. If such was the intention of the bill,
he objected to it, and called for the yeas and nays
on its passage.
39
SPECIAL ORDER.
Mr. CRITTENDEN moved that the prior or-
ders be postponed; and that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of the special order; which was
agreed to.
[A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States.]
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the special order, being the joint resolution, &c.
THE WASHINGTON TREATY.
Mr. WEBSTER, then rose and said: It is alto-
gether unexpected to me, Mr. President, to find it
my duty here, and at this time, to defend the treaty
of Washington of 1843, and the correspondence
accompanying the negotiation of that treaty. It
is a past transaction. Four years have almost
elapsed since that treaty lcceivcd the sanction of
the Senate and became the law of the land. While
before the Senate, it was discussed with much
earnestness, and very great ability. For its ratifi-
cation it received the votes of five-sixths of the
whole Senate—a greater majority, 1 believe I may
say, than was ever before found for any disputed
treaty. Front that day to tins—having had a hand
in the negotiation of that treaty, mid feeling it to
bcameiisuic with which my own reputation was
intimately connected—I have been willing to leave
it to the judgment of tile nation. There were, it
is true, sir, some things of which f have not com-
plained, and do not complain, but which, never-
theless, were subjects of regret. The documents
accompanying the treaty were voluminous. They
were not published to any great extent. The treaty
itself got before the public impropri 1 y and by
piecemeal. We know that it is unhappily true,
that away from the large commercial cities of the
Atlantic coast, there are Itwof the public punts of
the country that publish documents cm such an
occasion to any great extent. I might have felt a
natural desile, that the treaty, so much spoken
against, and the correspondence, so much com-
plained of, could have been known and read by
every one of my fellow-citizens from east to west,
and from north to south. But it was impossible.
Nevertheless, in returning to the Senate again,
nothing was farther from my purpose than to re-
new the discussion of any of the topics discussed
and settled at that time; and nothing was farther
from my expectation than to lie called upon by
any sense ot duty to my own reputation, and to
truth, to make any observations upon the treaty,
with the coire.spondence. It lias now happened
that in the debate on the Oregon question, the
treaty, and, 1 believe, eveiy article of it, and the
coriespondence accompanying the negotiation of
that treaty, and, I hehe\e, every part of it, have
been the subject of disparaging, disnpproving,
sometimes contumelious remarks in one or the
other House of Congress. Now, with all my in-
disposition to revive past transactions and make |
them the subjects of debate here, [suppose that it '
could hardly have been expected by anybody that
I should sit here from day to day, through the de-
bate, and through the session, hearing erroneous
statements, entiiely erroneous as to matters of fact,
and deductions tiom these supposed facts quite as
erroneous, all tending to produce unfavorable im-
pressions respecting the treaty, and the correspond-
ence, and everybody who had a hand m the
treaty. I say, it could hardly have been expected
by anybody that 1 should sit here and hear all
this, and keep my peace. The country knows that !
I am here. They know what I have heard, again 1
and again, from day to day; and if statements of
fact wholly incorrect, arc made here, in my hear- 1
ing, and in my presence, and no reply and no an- 1
swer from me, why, shall we not hear in all the ;
contests of party and elections that this is a fact, '
because it has been stated where and when an an-
swer could be given, and no answer was given > |
It is my purpose to give an answer. i
Mr. President, in the negotiation of 1842, and in !
the correspondence, I acted as Secretary of State j
under the direction, of course, of the President of !
the United States. But, sir, I shrink not from the
responsibility of anything I have ever done under
any man's authority. Wherever my name stands,
I am ready to answer it, and to defend that with
which it is connected. I am here to-day to take
upon myself—without disrespect to the Chief Ma-
gistrate under whose direction I acted—for ihe pur-
poses of this discussion, the whole responsibility
of everything that has my name connected with it
in the negotiation and correspondence.
Sir, the treaty of Washington was not entered
into to settle any—or altogether for the purpose of
settling any—new, arising questions. The matters
embraced in that treaty, and in the correspondence
accompanying the negotiation of that treaty, had
been interesting subjects in our foreign relations
for fifty years—unsettled for fifty years—agitating
and annoying the councils of the country for fifty
years. And my duty, then, in entering upon such
remarks as I think the occasion calls for m regard
to one and all of these topics, will be to treat the
subject, in the first place, historically—to show
when the subject arose—what has been its progress
in the, diplomatic history of the country; and es-
pecially to show m what posture each of those im-
portant subjects stood at the time when William
Henry Ilairison acceded to the office of President
of the United States. That is my purpose. I do
not intend to enter upon any crimination of gentle-
men who hu\e filled important situations ill the
Executive Government in the earlier history of the
country, and m the more recent history of the coun-
try. Hut I intend to show, in the progress of this
discussion, the actual position in which things were
left in regard to the, topics embraced by the treaty,
and the correspondence attending the negotiation
of the treaty, when the Executive Government
devolved upon General Harrison.
Now, sir, the fust of these topics is the question
of the noitheasiern boundaiy of the United States.
The geneial hi* toiy of that question, fiom ihe
peaee of 178JJ till this time, is known to all public
men of course—pretty welt understood by the great
mass of informed men throughout the country. I
shall allude to it but briefly.
Here Mr. Webster, proceeded to present a con-
densed statement of the history of the negotiations
touching this northeastern boundary, from the ear-
liest period down to the commencement of Mr. Van
Buren's Administration, in order to show that the
question was one of inherent difficulty, in which
no Administration had made any progress towards
a settlement. Not one had advanced a single step
towards such a result. General Jackson had ex-
pressed his hopes that the question would be set-
tled, but he had effected nothing towards a settle-
ment. Mr. Van Jhiren, in his first Message to
Congress, represented this question, in point of
importance, as transcending any other question
connected with the foreign relations of the coun-
try, and expressed his ardent hope that it might be
speedily settled. He (Mr. "Webster) would show
that when Mr. Van Buren went out of office, he
left the question quite as far from settlement as he
found it, and a little farther from it. In his hum-
ble judgment, if any advance was made, it was an
advance backward; by which he meant to say, that
when Mr. Van Buren went out of office, the ques-
tion had become so complicated, by successive
; series of diplomatic correspondences and arrange-
ments, that there was a mesh—an entanglement—
about it, which rendered it far more difficult to pro-
ceed with it than if it had been an open and fresh
question for diplomatic correspondence. In order
to establish these assertions, he would be obliged
to ask the patience of the Senate to indulge him in
something more of reference to documents than
was his custom in public debate; because his desire
was to present to the country, if he might, as well
as to the Senate, the grounds and reasons, drawn
from the history of the country, of what he might
now have an opportunity to say. Mr. W. then
went on to quote front Air. Van Buren's second
Message; the diplomatic correspondence between
Messrs. Fox and Forsyth, in Senate document No.
319, 2d session 25th "Congress; Senate document
No. 508, vol. viii, 1st session 26th Congress; Mr.
Van Buren's Message, December, 1840. From
