610
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April <5,
this historical sketch of the diplomatic correspond-
once between the two Governments during the Ad-
ministration of Mr. Van Buren, lie (Mr. W.) con-
tended that the whole question was brought into
as pretty a little diplomatic entanglement as any
one might choose to look upon of a summei's day
—one which woxild have taken Richelieu, Talley-
rand, Nesselrode, and Mettcrnich, to have unravel-
led. Such, indeed, was the deplorably confused
and complicated state of the question; such the ut-
ter hopelessness of adjustment—constantly rece-
ding, until they would soon have lost sight of each
other—that Lord Palmerston declared that he had
not the slightest expectation of a settlement till
there would1 be a change in the Administration of
the Government of the^United States.
When Mr. Van Buren sent in his last Message
to Congress on the subject, General Harrison was
elected. A great struggle was then going on be-
tween the great political parties in England*, but
Lord Palmerston, mindful of his official duties to
the last, sent over new proposals, with his objec-
tions to the counter draft of Mr. Forsyth—all the
seventeen articles of which he rejected, with the
exception of a single one. This, therefore, may be
called one step towards a settlement.
In August, 1840, Mr. Forsyth had sent in his
counter project, suggesting exploration and arbitia-
tion. No answer from Mr. Fox was to be found
on the files of the Department; but the contents of
a letter from Lord Palmerston lo Mr. Fox were
disclosed in a debate in the British Parliament. It
had been thought useless to communicate this letter
to the United States while Mr. Van Buren re-
mained in office.
This was the style in which the "VVhigs in Eng-
land, and Mr. Van Buren here, left this question.
That was the state of the controversy at the
death of General Hauison—ail occurrence which
he very much regretted on public account as well
as personally, tie (Mr. W.) came to the conclu-
sion that it was worse than useless to persist in
that form of settling the question. As far back as
3838 Mr. Van Buren wrote to the Governor of
Maine m reference to the sentiments of the people
of Maine. He (Mr. W.) saw the difficulty of
calling on the State of Maine to agree to an ar-
rangement by which she should part with territory
and jurisdiction; and that consent was required be-
forehand. But he confided in her, that she would
do ali that patriotism am! a seme of duty required;
and unless some change in the course of negotia-
tion was made, it was hopeless to expect to settle
the question ill any reasonable time. It had been
said a hundred times that Maine was coerced into
an agreement; but that was absurd; for no con-
ventional line could be agreed upon without her
consent.
Mr. W. then proceeded to show the grounds
upon which the suggestion was made through Mr.
Fox to the British Government, that the true way
to settle was by compromise and a conventional
line, and read a letter addressed to the Department
of State from Mr. Everett; also a letter from the
Department of State in reply. When it was learned
that Lord Ashburton was coming, with authority
to settle that and other questions, the United States
Government saw the necessity of getting the States
to consent to a conventional line. The Legislative
of Massachusetts was then in session at Boston,
and the Governor recommended the adoption of
resolutions ill favor of the appointment of commis-
sioners to represent Massachusetts, which had an
interest in the dispute to the extent of the lands
claimed by her—Maine certainly having a much
more peculiar and delicate interest, as not only ter-
ritory, but the right of government was hers.
A letter was addressed from the Department of
State to the Governments of those two Stales, diaw-
ing their attention to the true state of the question.
Mr. W. here read a portion of this letter, and ob-
served, that, on receipt of that letter, the Governor
of Maine, now an honorable Senator there, [Mr.
Fairfield,] acted promptly, assembled the Legis-
lature of Maine, and laid the communicationlje-
fore them.
Mr. W. here read a series of resolutions passed
by the Legislature of Maine in response to the
communication. The State of Maine, he said,
was invited to consent to a line of compromise for
equivalents and fair considerations; and, as she
sent her commissioners to Washington, and through
them assented to all that was done, it was absurd
to complam of that treaty. But there were those
who thought themselves better able to take care of
Maine than Maine herself—who had it constantly
in their mouths that Maine was robbed of a por-
tion of her territory, and coerced into compliance;
but the fact was, that four of her most distinguished
citizens, who were invited to come and make a
com promise, and who did so understanding^, gave •
their consent; and well they might, as they gamed
several substantial advantages. Mr. W. here en-
tered into a minute statement of the difficulties of
running the line of boundary 700 miles in length.
He stated the various points in dispute, and said
one of the principal difficulties was, that Maine,
Massachusetts, and New Hampshire, owned all
the territory on one side, whilst the United States
owned none—each of the three States having an
interest in the matter to the extent of their terri-
tory. The difficulty was, to please all. It was
not to be expected by the Maine commissioners
that they were to give up nothing; they could not
hope to gain new advantages, ana at the same time
be left in possession of all they claimed. How
could they call that compromise? Maine expected
nothing of the kind. There were people who said,
in her behalf, that she was deprived of a vast tract
of valuable territory. Not a word of truth was
there in that. Such persons were more careflil of
the interests of Maine than she was herself; and in
th.it whole State theie would not he found ten in-
telligent, candid men, who would complain, who
ever did complaint, or who at this moment would
lie willing to place Maine as she was, in possession
of her wilderness, at the cost of the navigation of
the St. John, and the other solid advantages de-
rived from the treaty. The whole proceeding on
the part of the United States was thus far wise,
discreet, and proper. It wns wise to endeavor to
put an end to the. almost interminable diplomatic
correspondence about arbitration and exploration,
and which had balllcd every preceding Administra-
tion. It was settled, however,and settled without
anything being done indiscreet, improper, regard-
less of the rights of Maine, or unpatriotic, and he
thanked God that it turned out to be so successful.
But how stood the account with Maine, about
whose loss so much miserable talk had been used ?
She had parted, it was true, with a portion of land,
but what was it worth.' He did not mean to un-
dervalue it. It had been, like Oregon, held up as
another El Dontdo. The truth was, it was almost
entirely worthless, and, as a friend of his just sug-
gested to him, at that moment it was covered with
five feet of snow. Mr W. here read a description
of the country from Captain Tompkins's report.
With that portion of land Maine had parted by her
own consent, for which she received, in the first
pl.iec, from the treasury of the United States,
5150,000, its estimated value—a sum greater than
phe could make of it in fifty yeais. in the next
place, the Government of the United States agreed
to pav the expenses of her civil /jos.sc, and the ex-
penses ofher survey, which was $200,000, and she
hopes to receive $100,000 more; so that Maine got
$,450,000 in cash. Along with this, she acquired
the navigation of the. St. John's, one of the most
respectable rivers of North America, and which,
as a channel of navigation, he (Mr. W.) confessed
he had much underrated. Much had been said of
the navigation of the Columbia, but the St John's
was worth a hundred of it. It was a river with a
mouth to it, and he believed his fnend from Ar-
kansas [Mr. Sevier] did not think a river anything
without a mouth to it. It was navigable to the
ocean, and its sources touched the very finest por-
tions of Maine, among the rest the. valley of the
Aroostook. It gave them the means of floating the
fine timber found on the Allcgash, the St. Francis,
the Madawaska, &c., to the ocean; and he would
confidently say the value of that far exceeded the
value of the furs sent down the Columbia to Van-
couver's Island every year.
Mr. W. here quoted the authority of a gentle-
man from Missouri, now in this city, to the effect
that the annual value of the fur trade to the Hud-
son Bay Company was $300,000; and also cited
the authority of Mr. McGregor, of the Board
of Trade in England, to show that the value of
the fur trade of the Hudson Bay Company, west
of the Rocky Mountains, was but $138,000 an-
nually, and of this, only $,20,000 worth were sent
down the Columbia to Vancouver's Island. From
that it was clear that the right to carry down the
St. John's the law and manufactured articles, the
timber, tmd the agricultural produce of Maine, was
incomparably more valuable than the vaunted nav- .
igation of-the Columbia; and he thought' the. com-
missioners of lilaine were right, entirely right, in*
considering that they had made an important ac-
quisition in the navigation of the St. John's.
There was another class of objections to which
he wished to say a few words. It had often been
suggested that this arrangement of the northeast-
ern boundary question had given England an im-
portant military advantage, in a road connecting.',
the Province of New Brunswick with that of Low-
er Canada, and in a range of heights which are-'
considered important as a point of military de-
fence; and the Senator from New York, [Mr.Dix,}
who had addressed the Senate at length some days
ago, had said that, by the treaty of Washington,
a military road was surrendered to Great Britaia
which she considered of vital importance.
Mr. DIX observed he had not used the term
road. What he had said was, that a portion Of
territory was ceded to England which she deemed
important as a connexion between Canada and the
lower Provinces.
Mr. WEBSTER continued. He referred to the
speech of Mr. Dix, from which he read the passage
referred to. The gentleman had spoken of a mil-
itary communication, if not a military road; and
they meant pretty much the same thing. He was'
not a military man, it was true; but he would be
happy to be corrected if he was wrong. And he
also would be much pleased if the honorable Sen-
ator would show how that gave to England a vital,
advantage, or how she could consider it as of any
importance at all.
Mr. DIX said he would with pleasure answer
the question which the Senator from Massachu-
setts had propounded to him. He desired to say,
in the first place, that he had not examined the sub-
ject of the treaty of Washington critically. That
treaty was published, as he believed, under the
President's proclamation in the latter part of the
year 1842, and the injunction of secrecy was not
removed from the debates until then. He had just
left the country, and was absent two years. He
had, however, not lost sight entirely of things at
home, and he had some decided, though perhaps
not very distinct, recollections of the subject. He
recollected having read while abroad the debates in
the British Parliament in relation to it'. He was
struck with the declarations of some of the distin-
guished men who took part in the debate; and he
believed he was sustained by them in saying that
we had ceded to Great Britain "a portion of terri-
1 tory which she deemed of vital importance as a
' means of military communication between the
' Canadas and her Atlantic provinces."
With regard to the military road the Senator had
referred to, he had himself made no allusion to one.
He understood, however, that there was such a
road, and that it followed the cast bank of the St.
John's. If the award of the King of Holland had
been accepted, that road would have been forced to
the north of the head waters of the St. Francis. Our
boundary under that award wouI(}_, he believed,
have been the river last named to its source, and
then a range of highlands running nearly parallel
to the river St. Lawrence, and approaching at some
points within twenty miles of it, bringing us with-
in a very short distance from Gtuebec. Our bound-'
ary under the treaty of Washington was "a line
drawn from Lake Pohenagamook several miles to
the. eastward of the mountain chain referred to, and
driving: us back to a greater distance from the St.
_ Lawrence. It was to this strip, between our pres-
; ent boundary and the highlands, that he had al-
' luded, as the territory which Great Britain deemed
as of vital importance to h er as a mea.ns of military
communication between her Atlantic and inland
provinces—not because there was a road on it, but
because it gave a continuity of territory where she
most desired it. He would now _ read a few ex-
i tracts from the debates in the British Parliament,
to which he had alluded, in illustration of what he
had said.
" We were most desirous that every boundary line should
duly protect the interests of our North American provinces
—which we were determined to defend with the whole
power of the Biitish empire, so long as they manifested a
sincere and honest desire to maintain the connexion. We
did, therefore, (feclins it of the highest momentnotto com-
promise their seeuritv.) before entering into any communi-
cation with Lord Ashburten, eonsult many of the highest
military authorities; among them, the sjallnnt officer, Bir
H. Douglas, whose ability and experience entitle his opinion
to much respect; Sir James Kempt, Lord Seaton, Sir George
Muiray, and, I may add. the Duke of Wellington. We con-
sulted all these Ui*unguishtd officers to Uie most desir-
