1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
611
able line of boundary, in a military point of new. One great
object was to select, m preference to that part of the bound-
ary award fid by the Km# of Holland, some boundary that
should better countervail any possibility of dispute. And I
apprehend that we succeeded. We have got more favor-
able terms by Lord Ashbur ton's boundary, so far as military
security is concerned, than those which weie given by the
boundary of the King of Holland. We did deem it a spent
object to prevent the *dmericans from having the commarul of
thme hei'gfifs which overfookeil the St. Lawrence- but the Kin?
of Holland had given those heights to the United Suites;
and I beg to tell the noble lord, who is foremost to condemn
this proposal, that the aoquiescencc in that alteration of
boundary has been met by great objections in the United
States, and that there are some in the United States who
consider that very great sacrifices have been made by that
Oovernment in giving up that part of the boundary which
was awarded to the United States by the King of Holland."
—Parliamentary Debates, 'M smcs, vol. 67, pa%c 1243.
Mr. C. Buller, on the 2d May, 1843, in the
House of Commons, said:
"Now, what really was of importance arid injurious to
ucj in the King of the Netherlands' award wua, that it
Inought the Ameucan line nearer to Uuebee than was con-
venient. That was the only military dan^erto he apprehend-
ed according to the line so drown out by the Kinq. Now,
the only alteration made by Loid Ashbimon in the line of
the King of the Netherlands was the keeping the Americans
as fai from Ciuebec at if wc. had the whole of the disputed ter-
ritory in our poncsiioil ''—Parliament my fjetiute<.ylitl scries,
vol. 68, page 1187.
Lord Stanley, on the same day, and in the name
debate, said:
(i In thin position it was that Lord Ashbnrton entered upon
the negotiation, and m this portion it wan that {he had won
a better line of botmdnry—a territory more extensive and
more defensible in raped lo'nii'iturv operations* and better
adapted for cartying on communication between Qwbcc and
New JiruwHfick,'*
This (Mr. D. said) wuh what he had alluded
to, and thought it sustained him in the asset tion
that Great .Britain deemed this means of commu-
nication ns of vital importance. But ho desired to
say in reference to this treaty, nnd the Senate
would bear him witness, ho had mixed no (jura-
tion aa lo its wisdom. J Jo had not intended to
east any reflection either on thorn* who negotiated
it, nor on those who assented to its ratification,
Mr. WEBSTER resumed. The passages read
by the honorable gentleman, however pertinent to
another point, did not tou< h the point to which he
(Mr. W.) bad desired to call Inn attention. He
very well understood what passed in the British
Parliament on one .side and the other, touching the
heights. Hut (ho question at present wan with
regard lo the military communication between the
two provinces. Ju the debates in the British
Parliament, no one spoke of that as being of the.
slightest importance; and he, wan induced to draw
the attention of the Senate to this matter, from a
circumstance, of which he had been only recently
apprised. He might state that Lord Bahnerston
had declared that everything of importance in (hat
respect had been given up (o the American* by the
treaty. But he (Mr. W.) was not going to judge
of this question by the opinion of those on the
other side of the water. If his object was to dv-
fend the treaty on the authority of Lord Palmer-
ston, he iriigh nay at once that the gentleman had
repeatedly called the treaty tin-41 Ash bin ton capitu-
lation." Mo insisted that it had given up every-
thing; and that, bo far from anything having been
gained by England, every aingfe stipulation of the
treaty was to the advantage of the United States,
and the disadvantage of England. So far as the
judgment and authority of Lord Palmerston went,
he (Mr. W.) might content himself with turning to
twenty of these same olf-hand expressions of Ins, in
the roundest and strongest terms. But, amongst
other things, he speaks of this road, and he entirely
inislocates it; and within a day or two hie* (Mr. W. VO
attention had been called lo a map accompanying
the speech of the honorable member from Alissouri,
on which this road is marked, in which (perhaps
misled by Lord Palmerston's remark, or from an
error derived from the same source as that which
led his lordship astray) the road was laid down
where there never was a road—never could he a
road. The actual road that for one hundred years
has been passed between the province of ]NV\v
Brunswick and the province of Lower Canada, was
the Madawaska route; and no doubt it was very
convenient for the English Government to possess
the territory north of Madawaska, so that they
anight have a road where they had been accustomed
to have it, in their own territory. But it was only
in time of peace that it was a useful road. In
time of war it would be of no value at all, in a
military point of view. There was there no pass—
no defile. No Government on earth would be
foolish enough to build a permanent fort there; be-
cause, if Pitch a thing should happen as the pas-
sage of troops there, they could go out of the range
of the shot, it was useful as a communication,
part of the way—as a convenient land communi-
cation in time of peace. But did not everybody
know—those who were military men as well as
not—that unless there be a pass or defile—a strong
point upon which a fortiess is erected, to be an
obstacle in the way of the marching of an army,
that, in an open country, a road is in the power of
the strongest during war? If the United States
should go to war with England, would they not
take possession of that road if they thought it
worth while? Would they be restrained from
taking possession of it by the treaty of Washing-
ton? No. The road would then belong to the
United States if they could hold it. There was
not the slightest reason, then, for supposing that
the communication was of the .slightest importance
in a military point of view, unle.-s that the move-
ment of armaments and men, in time of peace,
could be called military operation. But in time of
war it would belong to the slrongest. It was no
pass—no defile—it presented no point of defence—
and never would be of the least v.due as a military
communication. Now the road designated on the
map to which he had referred was a mistake. It
was a mere imaginary line—there was never a
road there in the world—-and never could be.
As to the other point—the defences of these
heights—he could explain to the Senate in a very
few words how that mutter exactly stood. If they
look< d at the map they would see that this ridge of
highlands did approach near the St. Lawrence—
not overlooking Quebec—not so far as that, twenty,
or thiity, or foitymih-* fiom Ctuehee. But, of
course, it approueli. tl the St. Lawreneo much nearer
than tin' Atlantic ocean; and it was true, he knew
(ho fact, not only as si itcd m the debates in Par-
liament, hut otherwise—that tin highest military
authority in Kngland, perhaps the highest living
military authority, attached great importance to
these, highlands—why? fie (Mr. W.) supposed,
in the fuvd place, that distinguished us that high
authority wa.s by m-ivi-vs m India and Kurope
through a long hie, he may have been led to apply
European idue< of convenience and military def-uec;
to pla< es in Amcnca to which they were wholly
inapplicable. Such highlands as these have not
been found within the fields of European or Indian
warfare. But the main reason was a different one.
In the British Government authorized an ex
pnUe exploration and survey by Captain Mudge,
an engineer in the Biitish servicc, and Mr. Eeath-
erstouhaugh. They were there two or three
months, and two or three months only; and a very
extraordinary report theirs turned out to be. lie
had no doubt that Air. Mudge was a respectable
person from hi* standing in his profession; as to
Air. I'Vatherstonhaugh, whom they had known in
the United States' seivice, he. did not regard Ins
opinion on any subjt et as worth a straw. But they
made that report, and that report contained this
ningulnr statement, which caused the military in-
quiry on the part of England, or the results of that
inquiry. It stated that there wa* a hiatus in these
highlands—that the region to the northeast of
where the old Kennebec road passed over, was for
thirty or forty miles almost a dead level—that the
elevation was not over fifty feet at any point.
They reported but one trigonometrical measure-
ment which uave upwards of twelve hundred feet.
Now, what wnh the fart ? Why, accoiding to the
survey of able and distinguished American engi-
neers, that line represented in the report alluded to,
as a gap, as a hiatus, as almost a dead level, was
found to be a continued series of precipitous ridges
and lofty eminences, varying in height from twelve
hundred to two thousand feet! But when the re-
port of Mudge and Featherstonhaugh reached Eng-
land, they were making out Lord Ashburton's iu-
suuetious, and it was from this utterly erroneous
survey that importance camc to be attached to that
line. But any man of common sense, whether
possessed of military skill or not, would see that
in point of fact not the slightest importance in a
military point of view really attached to the line.
They had had the report of their own surveyors.
The true, military road to Canada was that one by
the way of the Kennebec—that was Arnold's track;
and below that, or east of it, there was no passage,
and there never was a passage, leading to Ciuebec.
The first road cast of that waa the road he had
spoken of by the way of Madawaska, which hit
the St. Lawrence one hundred and seventeen miles
below Quebec. Well, the United States engineers
went there as far back as '38, and the report of
General Wool was before him. General Wool
said it was altogether idle—that was the amount of
his report—to think of fortifying anything east of
the old road to Quebec, because it was a moun-
tainous ridge—a mere wilderness, on which nobody
ever thought of passing from Canada or into Can-
ada. Now this military road by which armies
have marched and re-marched from New England
into Canada is on the line of the Kennebec to Que-
bec, and was now just as it was found by the treaty.
There it was.
But he must go a little further. It had been al-
ready said that the. treaty was one of convention—
of agreement—of equivalents; that it was expected
that each party would give something, and that
each party would receive something; and he was
very willing to meet any man, military or not, in
regard to this question, as to whether the United
States had derived less advantages, in a military
point of view, from tins treaty than Great Britain.
And it. was on that point he wished to address a
few words particularly to the honorable Senator
from New York, [Mr. Dix.] He [Air. Dix] bad
said that this was a treaty containing a stipulation
for the interchange of advantages, and he is of
opinion that England supposed that she had attain-
ed some military advantages by obtaining a part of
the territory; and, to sustain himself, he has read
from the debates in the British Parliament. He
(Mr. W.) did not think so. He did not believe
that the advantages in that respect were worth a
rush, or that the United States had lust any. But
if it were so, would it not have been fair and can-
did for the honorable gentleman to have said
v,hether equivalent advantages had not been gain-
ed by the United States in another part of the trea-
ty? If il were apparent to the gentleman that the
United States had made a concession which Eng-
land regarded as of importance lo her in regard to
this military road—this supposed military road—
he (Air. W.) submitted to liitn whether it would
not have been candid and pioper for him to have
stated at the ,<ame tunc whether he did not think
that the regaining of the point at the outlet of Lake
Champlam, did not balance—did not overbalance
forty limes told, in a military point of view, any-
thing England had gained in the road alluded to ?
That is what he (Mr. W.) contended for. He did
not complain of any want of candor. He presumed
the fact had been overlooked by the Senator from
New York. But he did not suppose that any man
hi the State of Js'e.w York could speak of this treaty
as, upon the whole, giving military advantages to
Great Britain; that any man could be found so
speaking, was indeed to him a matter of utter
astonishment. The predecessor of the honorable
Senator from New York saw the value of the treaty
to his State. It did not escape the sagacity of Silas
Wright; he wa.s willing enough for the ratification
of the treaty, and well he might be; for how did
New York stand atTected by it ? They knew that
House's Point had always been regarded as the key
to Lake Champlaiu—the pass, the defile, the de-
fence between New York and Canada. Well, they
had always supposed that that fortress lay south of
45°, that it belonged to the United States. They
had purchased the land. They had fortified the
place. And when, m 1817 and 1818, it was found,
out of the agreement of astronomical gentlemen
on both sides, that the line of 45° run correctly,
threw Rouse's Point on the British side, every-
body knew that the discovery ercated considerable
discussion and excitement, and nobody better than
the. honorable member from South Carolina, then
connected with the Administration, in the War
Department. Rouse's Point was found to be no
longer the property of the United States; and
when engineers were afterwards sent there to find
a point for other fortifications, they made a report
that there were only two points, and both further
south, on which fortifications could be erected.
When the treaty was under negotiation, the opin-
ion of military men was called for as to the value
of Rouse's Point, in order to ascertain whether it
was worth while to pay money for it, for that was
what they had to do, not to England, but to Alaine,
for in that respect the treaty was tripartite; so, in-
deed, was the whole arrangement. The reports
of the militaiy gentlemen ail concurred that the
natural, and by far the best point, to defend the
