1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
613
Congress. They complain that certain persons,
claiming to be members of this House from the
State of New Hampshire, were elected in violation
of the act of Congress requiring the election to be
held by single districts. This question is now-
brought before the House under different circum-
stances from those of the last Congress. Then it
was by resolution, directing the committee to in-
quire and report*, here it is directly upon the peti-
tion of citizens aggrieved,
I have looked over (said Mr. C.) the report sub-
mitted to the last Congress, and run through the
remarks made, to discover what possible reason
could have been urged upon that body to have in-
duced it to nullify a law of Congress and prostrate
the barriers of the Constitutor). In that report,
submitted by the then chairman of the Committee
of Elections, (Mr. Oorrouss,) I find one argument
against the act of Congress, which chanty would
fain make me believe induced the strange action of j
that body. That wn« this: that ns the "single dis-
trict law" was passed so late in the year 181:2, and
the Congressional elections coming so soon, thej
States could not comply with if without ''extra ses-
stons" of their Legislatures. This act wns passed
on the 25tii June, 18-1:2. 1 will not stop to consider
this statesmanlike objection to the validity of a law
of Congress; but weak as it was, it mi^ht have
availed with that Congress. But even that poor
apology of an objection is now ''our. Four years
will have elapseu next June sjnee this act of Con-
gress became the paramount lawof the land, livery
iSlHtc in the Union has had its Legislature together.
Full opportunity has Iteun allowed to conform the
State legislation to that act of Congress. New
Hampshire, Mississippi, mid Missouri,now imvin^
thirteen members on ibis Jloor, virtually tell us they
do not niran to heed that law. They have elected
their thirteen members by general "ticket, nil the
other States having been districted by law. Sir,
(said Mr. C.,) thisis rank, practical nt'i.i.n-ic\now.
The majority of my eommitu v io.um that the action
of the last Congress in conclusive m the mutter. 1
deny it. Tim ('on^ivsw is no w; v bound by that
anfion, nor are the circumstances the Name.
The " sjn^h' district lau called, was passed
in pursuance of the fourth section of (he first arti-
cle of the Constitution, which direcw that 44 the
tunes, places, and manner of ehoosine; Represen-
tatives shall be prescribed ni each State by the
Legislature thereof; hul Congress may <tl any tunc-,
bylmOf make or Ai/riin such regulation#." What
language, in all the voenbuhu-y <>f common par-
lance, could be plainer, more .simple, and explicit^
"Make or alter." Yes, Congress may " make"(til
the regulations; build up, settle, and perfect the en-
tire details; 41 or" may 44 alter" such Slate <4 regu-
lations," in any particular and to ony extent it
may deem proper. The State appoints a " time;"
Congress can and has altered it. The State de-
clares the ''manner;" Congress may "alter** it.
The State enacts that the vote .shall be vim voce:
Congress alters it, declaring it by ballot. So of
the general and single district sy^tom.
But (said Mr. C.) it were idle to waste words on
such a palnnble meaning of the Constitution. The
report of the committee in the last Congress, and
the speeches made in defence, of that report, do not
in a solitary instance give us nn authority on that
.side; not one is attempted, except the mere ipse
dixit of the chairman and the fiat of the dominant
party in Congress; while, on the other hand, in
support of that Jaw, and of this construction of the
article in the Constitution, I give you, Mr. Speaker,
the exposition of seven of the original thirteen
States, to wit: .New York, Pennsylvania, Virginia,
South Carolina, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and
last, but not least for my purpose, .Veto Hampshire,
Each of these admitted the power to be in Con-
gress by that article; and, lest Congress might im-
properly or oppressively exercise the right, they
asked on amendment of the Constitution restrict-
ing its exercise; but their fears all proved ground-
less, and the Constitution was not amended. No
one of them denied the existence of the power.
The othersixof the old thirteen silentlyacquiesced
in it.
In addition to all that, (said Mr. C.,)we have
the expressed views and opinions of three great
contemporaneous expounders of this article, James
Madison, Alexander Hamilton, and Patrick Hen-
ry—men who aided iu iiaming the Constitution,
and who were (two of them) instrumental in
adopting this very article. Mr. Madison defended
it in the Convention, and alluded to the very case
of providing by law 44 whether all the voters should
vote for all the members, or whether a member I:
should be allotted to a particular district"—-just ;
such a case as the one now presented. Mr. Ham- >j
ikon defended the necessity of such a provision.  .
Patrick Henry opposed it, but admitted it was b
there. 4 (j
AH the Authority, then, down to 1843, is in favor ;i
of that construction of the article. But it was re- ij
served for the wisdom of that year to throw all the j
lights of other days and great men far into the back jl
ground. It was found that the shortest cross-cut ;i
course by which to 4fi t rid of a law that did not lJ
favor u the party," was to declare it uneonstitu-
tional, ride over it with iron heels, and nullify it. |{
I would not be uncharitable, sir; but I fear that j)
party ends and party interest require the nullifica- ,[
tion of this law of Congress. If New Hampshire
were districted, it is more than probable that these ji
petitioners would June a Representative on this j.
floor, who would more truly re/leet back their j
winhps aad political preferences. I cannot look ji
upon this open, barefaced trampling down of a jj
! law of Congress other than as n painful evidence '!
• of the downward tendency of tilings in thisRcpub- !,
( lie. it icceivesi the hold sanction of a party which ;!
I has seldom l'cit or acknowledged the restraints of ii
j law or Constitution when they conllicted with party p
i interests. 1 might allude to the State of Ccorgia, ji
uheu; that party, when in power, refused to dis- ;
triet the Suite; but a political revolution endued,
and the law of Congress was- heed<d. That party, j;
too, in Virginia, in Tennessee, and in Indiana, ;
steadily refused to allow a Senator to be chosen,
because he would not be of their party. So in the ij
! State of iVcw York; the law and constitution were ,
set at defiance; and a revolution of both branches
, of the Legislature and of the Executive depait-
j merits weie ncre.s\u v before ;\ew York could be 'i
J represtjjh'd m the Senate of the United States. \
New' llanipshue, or at IcaW a portion of her '
people, have ju-it cause to complain. The late mi- ''
; nority there are unrepresented here, i ran eon-
| eeive of a ca^e in which New Hampshire, with her
} three members on this floor, murht exercise more
political and party power than Ohio, with her I wen- ,;
i ty-one, or Pennsylvania, with her twenty-six. The i|
| two latter States elect, by single districts; they may
i be and often me equally divided on great fpies- |
I tions; while New Hampshire with her three, or
j MisMouriwith her five, presents an undivided front, h
1 thus controlling the larger States. i|
j But, sir, { did not rise for a specch; but only to jj
! make my motion, and ask the yeas and nays, and ||
i h sa\* u word for that part or New Hampshire, i'
j which, by tins shameful aet of party nullification, -j
j has no Representative on thi.s floor.
1 I rejoice, that New Hampshire, tired of waiting !i
f«>r this m If-^tyled " Democratic Congress1' to do ji
her juatiee, has at hist resolved to do herself jus- !l
J fire/ 1 thought, sir, there were good days in store, |i
] for her. It is said that the prayers of the righteous ij
j prevail. I remember, at an early hour in the ses- ii
! sion, that a fervent but laconic prayer was offered I
j by my venerable friend fiom Massachusetts (John f,
j UeiNeY Adams] a^ lie opened his anti-Texas me- [j
i morials. I) e asked " God to bless J\h<: Hampshire P' ji
( Mr. Speukei, God has blessed New Uanipshite. ij
j Yes, sn, the ami that went down on the night of jl
• the 10th of March, as he shed his last part- j!
; injx gleam on the summit cliffs of her White Hills, j'
i beheld New Ilampshire regenerated, redeemed, dh- !!
i enthralled. What a spectacle ! Can it be possible?
j What, poor collar-bound, regency-ridden, party-
; cursed New Hampshire struggling for life! We
i thought her, like Hphraim of old, joined to her
i idols. But, thanks to her true sons, victory has
j perched on her banner. What a lesson to the party
' in power, and to the violators of Law and Consti-
j tutum ! And, you Texas men over the way, now
; take warning ! Look at your Gibraltar of modern
j Democracy. She fought on the Texas issue. She
i has surrendered—u The Old Guard recoils^ [Here !
' much confusion ensued, several interruptions and
, attempts to call Mr. C. to order, but he proceeded:]
\ I repeat, sir, that what New Hampshire has
; done on the Texas question, we mean to do in ev~
, ery free State. So help us God! We never will
j submit. We give you notice, one and all, that we
i will fight it to the death, as they have just done in
j the Notch of the White Mountains-
j Mr. BRINKteRHOFP moved that the whole j
i subject be laid on the table.
Mr. CULVER asked the yeas and nays; which
were ordered. . , , , ,
Mr. RATHBUN inquired whether the motion
to lay the whole subject on the table, if it should
prevail, would carry the speech of his colleague
[Mr. Culver] with it!
The Speaker's reply was not heard by the re-
poitta. . ,
The question was then taken on the motion ot
Mr. Brixkeiuioff, and decided in the affii'ixtative,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Anderson, AtKinson.
ISiU'lv, Denton. Bias-. Jnnies Black, Jiinies A. Black, Bow-
im, Boyd, Brinkciliotl', BrodllcaU, William fc. Brown,
iidrt, t'atlioarf, KeubtmChaptnan, Chase, Cfnpman, Clarice,
Cobb, Cullom. Cummin*-, Cunningham, Daniel, Dargnn,
Do Mott, Wlhin-'liiini, DoMiin, Dromaoole, Dtmlftp, Faian,
Foster, (j<in<]yenV, Gordon, Urover, Haralson, Henley, Hop-
kins, flotiffli, C.'coree K. Houston, IMmund V\r. Mubard,
Uunu'i'ilord, James 11. Hunt, Clinrli-s J. Insjcrsoll, Jenkins,
Joseph Jolint-on, Ainlrew Johnson, George W. Jones,
Preston Kins, Leake, La Sen-, U5011, Lumpkin, Maelay,
McClelland, .MeClcrnand, .McUonnell, MeCrate, Joseph
J. McDowell, Jiinies McDomll, JleKay, John P. Martin,
Dnrklev Martin, Morse, Moullon, Owen, Parrifh, Fllelps,
Price, itatliliun, Reitl, Itello. Rhett, Roberts, tiaivtcJle, Saw-
yer, KCimunon. Leonaid 5!. ^uns, ltobert . Stark-
weather, ^5t. John. Svkes, Jumps Thompson, Jacob Thomp-
son. Tlmrmau, Tilibtitts, Trcdway, Wentworth, Wlicaton,
Wick, Williams, H'ooilivard. Vancey, and Yell—SM.
NAYS— Messrs. Abbott, John (lumey Adams, Aslimun,
flnrmigCT, Bell, Blmicharil, William W. Campliell, Carroll,
John <i. Chapman, Cocke, Cranston, Crozier, Culver,
(irurt'lt Davis, Divoil, Jlockery, Foot, (ientry, Ciddings,
(Jriilium, (Iridcr, Hninlui, Hampton, Harper. Milliard, Sam-
uel tl. Hulihatd, Hudson, Washington Hunt, Joseph R.
In crsoll. Lewi,-, Lons. MeUauilicy. MeHenrj, Metlvauie,
Mat nil, Miller, \iven, Noms, I'endleton, Julius Rockwell,
John A. Rockwell. Hoot, llunk, Sclienck, £3e\crance, Albert
Smith, Stmvait, Thihoileauv. 'Phomasson,Ttldcn, Trumbo,
Viiiunt, White, Wuodiuft', and Wri^lit—56.
So tlie wliole suliject was laid on the table.
Mr. MeCOXYELL asked leave to introduce a
resolution.
Objection was made.
Mi. THOMAS .SMITH asked leave to intro-
duce a resolution. Objected to.
On motion of Mr. CLARKE,
Orth-ml, That the Committee on Revolutionary
L'luima i " discharged from the consideration of the
petition of A. Grum, and that it be laid upon the
tabic.
Mr. YANCEY, fiom the Committee 011 Private
Land Claims, reported bills of the following titles:
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
,T. llnndle-, also, a bill to amend an aet entitled
'• An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of T. Molette;" which bills were read twice, anil
committed.
On motion of Mr. BARRINGER,
Ordered, That tlie Committee 011 Indian Affairs
be discharged fiom the consideration of the peti-
tion of William "Whitfield, and that it be commit-
ted.
Mr. UATHBUN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill relating to and increasing
the duties of the Attorney General; which bill was
rend twice, and committed.
Mr. R. also, from the same committee, reported
a lull creatim; the office of Assistant Secretary of
State, am! for other purposes, accompanied by a
report in writing; which bill was read twice, and
committed.
O11 motion of Mr. LUMPKIN,
Ordered, That the Committee tin the Judiciary
be dise.luir^ed from the consideration of the petition
of.T. Robinson, and that it be committed.
Mr. T. B. KING offered a resolution, which
was read as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
directed to take into their immediate consideration
the annexed statement of Dr. Richard Frazer, re-
specting tlie frequent occurrence of small-pox and
other contagious diseases on board emigrant packet
ships, and his suggestions in regard to the meas-
ures proper to be adopted for the safety of emi-
grants and passengers on board such ships, and
the inhabitants of the cities when they arrive, and
[ that the committee report by bill or otherwise,
i Ordered that the said resolution and statement
be referred to the Committee 011 Commerce.
On motion of Mr. McCLERNAND,
Ordered, That the Committee on Public Lands
be discharged from the consideration of the peti-
| tions of citizens of Green county, Wisconsin, for a
j graduation of the price of the public lands; of
• Francis D. Murphy, for compensation for discov-
eries in the art of surveying; of citizens of Colum-
