614
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
foia county, Ohio, for a division of the public lands
among actual settlers; and, also, of citizens of Ni-
agara county, in the State of New York, in favor
of giving the public lands in convenient lots to ac-
tual settlers; which petitions were laid upon the
table.
Mr. J. B. HUNT, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported a bill to grant a certain quan-
tity of land to aid in the improvement of the Fox
and Wisconsin rivers, and to connect the same by
ft canal m the territory of Wisconsin; which bill
was read twice, and committed.
On motion of Mr. PRESTON KING,
Ordered, That the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions be discharged from the consideration of the
petition of R. Palmer, and that it be laid upon the
table.
On motion of Mr. K,,also,
Ordered, That the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions be discharged from the consideration of the
petition of J. S. Jennings, and that it be committed.
Mr. MOULTON, from the same committee,
made, an adverse report upon the petition of Sam-
uel T. Winslow; which report wan laid upon the
table.
Mr. JEFFERSON D.WIS, on tone, presented
ti memorial of the Legislature of the State of Mis-
sissippi, relative to the pre-emption law of 1841,
and for a confirmation of certain purchases per-
mitted as pre-emptions under the law aforesaid,
and suspended on account of informality; which
memorial was committed.
Mr. McCLELLAND, from the Committee on
Commerce, made adverse reports upon the follow-
ing petitions, viz: TTpon the petition of citizens of
Iowa, praying that C'hikagua river he made a pub-
lic highway; which was laid upon the table.
Also, upon the petition of citizens of Long Island,
New York, praying that Coney Island be made a
port of entry, and for the erection of buoys and
light-houses on Jones's channel at Coney Island
Inlet; and also upon the resolution of the House, of
January 13, instructing them to inquire into the
expediency of declaring Michigan City, in the State
of Indiana, a port of en try; which were laid upon
the table.
Mr. ALBERT SMITH, from the Committee
on Private Land Claims, made an adverse report
upon the ease of fieoige MoiiVt; which report was
laid upon the. table.
Mr. WHITE gave notice of a motion for leave
to introduce a hill providing pensions for widows
and orphans of persons who lost their hves at sea
or on land, while in the service of the United States,
during the last war with England, or any war this
Government has been, or may be engaged m.
On motion of Mr. T. ]!. KING,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a mail-route from Alba-
ny, m linker county, to Thomasville, in Georgia,
and thence to Tallahassee. Florida; the mail to be
carried in two-horse stages.
Mr. STEPHEN ADAMS presented the memo-
rial of the Legislature of the State of Mississippi,
in relation to certain inundated portions of the pub-
he lands situated in that State; which way com-
mitted.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL presented resolutions
of the Legislature of the State of Pennsylvania, re-
lating to a naval depot at Erie, m said State; which
resolutions were committed.
Mr. FOSTER, from the. Committee on Iloads
and Canals, reported a bill making appropriation
for the survey of Des Moines river, in the Ter-
ritory of Iowa; which was read twice, and com-
mitted.
Mr. McCLELLAND, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported a biil creating a collection dis-
trict in Maine, and constituting Bangor in said dis-
trict a port of entry and delivery; which bill was
read twice, and committed.
Oil motion of Mr. McCLELLAND,
Ordered, That the Committee on Commerce be
discharged from the consideration of the bill lo cre-
ate the city of Alton a port of entry; also from the
consideration of the hill to establish a port of entry
atiMemphis, m Tennessee; also from the consider-
f,L°n°; S6 Petili,on citizens of Delaware, pray-
° tlmt ^ ewcastle and Wilmington maybe united
as a joint port of entry, and for other purposes;
and that they be laid upon the table.
Mr. McC. also, from the Committee on Com-
merce, made an adverse report upon the petition of
citizens of Warren and Barrington, in the State of
Rhode Island, praying that these towns may lie
formed into and constitute a separate collection dis-
trict by the name of the Warren district; which
was laid upon the table.
Mr. McCLERNAND, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported bills of the following ti-
tles, viz:
A bill for the relief of the heirs and legal repre-
sentatives of li. C. Allen, deceased, late of Florida
Territory;
Also a hill for the, relief of J. Milstcd, of Escam-
bia county, in the State of Florida;
Also a bill for the relief of the citizens of the
town of Jefferson, in the State of Alabama, accom-
panied by a report in each case;
Also a bill to equalize the compensation of the
surveyors-general of the public lands of the United
States, and for other purposes; which bills were
read twice and committed.
On motion of Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL.
Ordered, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs
be discharged from the consideration of the petition
of eili/.ens of the State of Pennsylvania for the re-
amiexntion of China to the United States, and that
it be laid upon the table.
Mr. BftODHEAD, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, to which was referred
the Hill from the Senate entitled t( An act for the
relief of George Wentbnrg," reported the same
without amendment.
Ordered, That the said bill be committed.
Mr. I?, also, from the same committee, made an
adverse report upon the petition of Medad Shelly,
and that it be laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr. GOODYEAR,
Ordered, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be discharged from the consideration of
the petitions of Sarah TIeldreth, of J. J. Smith, of
N. Ashby, of J. Carter, and of Margaret C. Han-
son, and that they be laid upon the table.
Mr. TIBBATTS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill making an appropriation for
a suivey of the bay of Mobile, accompanied by a
report in writing; which bill was read twice and
committed.
Mr. GRINNELL, from the same committee,
reported bills of the following titles, viz:
A hill for the relief of Moses Noble;
A bill for the relief of William Ellery;
A bill for the relief of the owner and crew of the
schooner Girls;
A bill for the relief of the owner and crew of the
schooner Good Exchange;
A bill for the relief of the owner and crew of the
schooner Garland;
A bill for the relief of the owner and-crew of the
schooner Blooming Youth;
A bill for the relief of the owner and crew of the
schooner Fortune;
Accompanied by a report in each case; which
bills were read twice, and committed.
Mr. J. A. ROCKWELL, from the Committee
of Claims, made adverse reports upon the cases of
Maria B. Stall and Charles M. Hudspeth; which
reports were laid upon the table.
Mr. R. also, from the same committee, reported
bills of the following titles:
A bill for the relief of ,T. C. Doxcy;
A bill for the relief of John Speakman;
A bill for the relief of P. Capen, of the Com-
monwealth of Massachusetts, legal administrator
of John Cox, deceased, accompanied by a report
in each ease; which bills were read twice, and
committed.
Mr. GORDON, from the same committee, made
an adverse reportupon the petition ofZenasKing;
which report was laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr. TIDBATTS,
Ordered, That the Committee on Commerce be
discharged from the consideration of the petitions
for the improvement of the Maumee river, and that
the petitioners have leave to withdraw their peti-
lions.
Mr. DANIEL, from the Committee of Claims,
made a report upon the petition of the legal repre-
sentatives of Gen. .Tames C. Watson, of Georgia,
accompanied by a bill for their relief; which bill
was read twice, and committed.
Mr. Q. S. HOUSTON, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported the following resolu-
tion, which was agreed to, viz:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be discharged from the consideration of so
much of the President's Message as relates to the
Penitentiary in the District of Columbia; also from
the report of the Inspectors of said institution;
also the estimates for a deficiency of appropriation
for the year ending 30th June, 1846; and that the
same be referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia, with instructions to inquire into the
reform necessary to be made in said institution.
Mr. ASHMUN, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, made an adverse report upon the pe-
tition of Allen G. Johnson, of Hamilton county,
Florida; which report was laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr. A., also,
Ordered, That the Committee on Public Lands
be discharged from the consideration of the memo-
rial of the Legislature of Mississippi, asking for
the graduation of the public lands in that State;
and that it be committed.
On motion of Mr. A., also,
Oi'dered, That the same committee be discharged
from the consideration of the petition of citizens
of Des Moines for the improvement of a road from
Burlington to Fort Madison; from the memorial of
the Legislature of Alabama, respecting the Ten-
nessee and Coosa Railroad Company; and from the
memorial of the Legislature of the State of Mis-
sissippi, for a grant of land to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad between the Atlantic and Missis-
sippi river; and that they be committed.
In pursuance of previous notice, Mr. REUBEN
CHAPMAN asked, and obtained leave, and intro-
duced a bill to relinquish to the State of Alabama
the interest of the United States in the canal and
works at the Muscle and Colbert's shoals, in the
Tennessee river, and to grant to said State certain
unappropriated lands to complete the said im-
provement; which bill was read twice, and com-
mitted.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, to which was recommitted, on
on the 27th of March last, the bill for the relief of
John Stockton, reported the same without amend-
ment, accompanied by a report in writing; which
bill was read twice, and committed. *
Mr. SAWYER, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to which was referred the bill for the relief
of the heirs and legal representatives of C. Turner,
reported the same without amendment; which bill
was read twice, and committed.
On motion of Mr. BAYLY,
Ordered, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be discharged from the consideration of the peti-
tion of N. C. Whitehead and others; and that it
be laid upon the table. -
Mr. WM. W. CAMPBELL, from the Commit-
tee on the Library, reported a joint resolution for
the execution of a historical painting for the Ro-
tundo; which was read twice.
Mr. C. moved that the resolution be put on its
third reading.
After some conversation, Mr. STEPHEN
ADAMS moved that the resolution be committed
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered,
and, being taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams. Anderson. Atkinson,
Bedmger, Bell, Benton, Biggs, James Black, Bowlin, Boyd,
Brmkethoff, William G. Brown, Catlicart, Cliase, Chip-
mall, Clarke, Crozier, Dargan, Jefferson Davis, De Mott
Dillingham, Dobbin, Dromgoole, Dnnlap, Fieklui, Poster',
Fjies, Grover, Haialson, Hoge, Hopkins, George S. Hous-
ton, Hungerthrd, James B. Hunt, Jenkins, Joseph Johnson
Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Leake, La Sere, Lump-
kin, IVIrCleHand, McCIernand, MeConnell, Medrate, Mc-
Kay, Jolm P. Martin, Moulton, Nlven, Norris, Owen
Payne, Phelps, Price, Eathbun, Reid, Relfe, Roberto, Saw-
telle, Sawyer, Scammon, Severance, Le,onard H. Sims
Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Starkweather, St. Jolm, Jacob
Thompson, Tibbatts, Tredway, Wiek, Williams, Yancey, '
and Yell—74.
NAYS—Messrs. John Quiney Adams, Ashmun, Barrin-
per, B.iylv. Blanchard, Biodhead, Wilii.im W. Campbell,
John G. Chapman, Collampr, Culver, Cunningham, Doek-
ery, Ellsworth, Foot, Giddmss, Graham, Grider, Grieneli,
Hamlin, Harpei, Hough, Edmund W. Hubard, Samuel B'.
Hubbatd. Washington Hunt, Joseph K. IngcwoJl, Thomas
Butler King, Lewis, Levin, Maclay, McHeur>, Mcllvame,
Maish, Miller, Pollock, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rock
well, Root, Hunk, Truman Smith, Albeit Smith, Caleb 13.
