618
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April?,
try: some of them suffered for that, and he wished
all had suffered.
Mr. ALLEN here desired to know where the
proof was of the fact that the Caroline was so en-
gaged? Was there any rccord of the fact?
Mr. WEBSTER. Yes. There was proof-
abundant proof. The fact that the vessel was so
engaged, was, he believed, pretty well proved by
the trial and conviction of van Rensselaer. But
besides, there was abundant proof in the Depart-
ment of State, in the evidence taken in Canada by
the authorities there, and sent to Great Britain, and
which could be confirmed by anybody who lived
anywhere from Buffalo down to Schlosser. It was
proved by the res gesta. What was the condition
of the Caroline? Mr. Stevenson said that she was
cleared at Buffalo in the latter part of December,
making the best case he could for the United States,
to ply between Buffalo and Schlosser, on the same
side of the river, a few miles below, Lord Pal-
merston, with his usual sarcasm, and with more
than a usual occasion for the application of that
sarcasm, said, " It was very true she was cleared
* out; but Mr. Stevenson for&ot that she was cut
' out of the ite in which she had been laid up for |
* (he winter, and that in departing1 from Buffalo,
' instead of £oin<j down to Schlosser, she went
( down to Navy Island;" and Ins lordship asked,
u What new outbreak of traffic made it necessary
i to have a steamboat plying in the depth of winter
' between Buffalo and Schlosscv, when exactly
' between those two placcs on the shore there was
( a very convenient railroad?" lie (Mr. W.)
begged most respectfully to suggest all that to the I
consideration of the chairman of the Committee on j
Foreign Relations! And, as further evidence, he •
would state the entire omission of the Gn\ernment >
f'f the United States, during* the whole of Mr. |
Van Buren's Administration, to make any demand 1
for reparation for the property destroyed. So far <
as he remembered, such a suggestion was never j
made. But one thing he did very well remember, j
and that was, that a person who had some interest j
in the property came then to the eity of Washing- j
ton, and thought of making an application to the j
Government in the time of Mr. Van Buren. Well,
lie was told that the sooner he shut his tongue on |
that subject the better, for he himself, knowing !
that the purpose to which the vessel had been ap- |
pi lot!, came within the purview of the statutes of j
the United States against fitting out hostile expedi- 1
lions against countries with which the United ,
Slates were at peace, was liable to prosecution; '
and he, ever afterwards, profiting by the friendly ;
admonition, held his pca'-,e. That was another
piece of evidence whieh he lcspectfully submitted !
to the consideration of the chairman of the Com- j
mittee on Foreign Relations' !
Well, then, tn proceed. There were gentlemen '
in the Cabinet of General Harnson not unknown
to eminence in their profession, and they and Gen- i
eral Harrison concurred in the opinion that the j
proceedings against McLeod were unlawful. Gen- :
eral Harrison felt as a military man; his feelings, |
as such, were touched, and gave him a stiong per- !
ception of the great impropriety of the proceedings >
poainst McLeod. The case went on in the courts j
of New York. He (Mr. W.) was greatly sur- j
prised at the decision of the courts of INew York, :
on the application for a hahp.m corpus. On the peril !
of his professional reputation, he affirmed that the j
opinion of the court of New York in that case was j
not a respectable opinion. jVOLcod was acquit- [
ted; in fact there was no proof of his being guilty, j
Well, did not Congress then pass an act that if j
such cases should hereafter occur, they should be j
placed within the jurisdiction of the United States ? ,
That "was a nei.c^ary action. As aereat prmci- |
pie, it lay at the foundation of the Government, i
that the judicial power of the Government must be ■
coextensive with the legislative power; that is, i
that when the exercise of legislative and executive :
powers came to be discussed upon questions of I
legality and illegality, and when any question
touching the duties of this Government in treaties :
of peace—treaties of alliance on any branch of its :
foreign relations—came to be discussed, the final :
decision of that question must be within the su-
preme judicature under this Government, or else .
the Government was a mere fiction, a man of straw. I
It was now necessary for him to take some no- '
tice of what had been said on the subject of the
Ashburton treaty, and the, correspondence accom- >
panying the negotiation of that treaty. !
The honorable Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Alle#,]
bestowed, I believe, (said Mr. W.) a very consid-
erable degree of attention upon topics connected
with the treaty of Washington. It so happened
that my engagements did not permit me to be in
the Senate during the delivery of any considerable
portion of that speech. I was in here occasionally,
however, and heard some portions of it, and also
allusions to it. I have not been able to find any
particular account of that portion of the honorable
member's remarks. In the only printed speech
which I have been able to lay my hands on, it is
said that he took occasion to speak in general
terms of various topics, enumerating them, em-
braced in the treaty of 1842. As I have not seen
these remarks, therefore I shall not now undertake
to make any further allusion to them. If I should
happen to see them hereafter, so far as I may be-
lieve that they have not been answered by what I
have already'said, I may, perhaps, deem it worth
while to embrace some opportunity of taking such
notice of them as to me they may seem to require.
Mr. ALLEN. I will now state, for the satis-
faction of the Senator, the general substance of
what I said on the subject. If he so desires, I will
now proceed to do so.
Mr. WEBSTER. I think that, upon the whole,
when the gentleman will furnish the public "With a
copy of his speech, I may perhaps have the proper
opportunity to pay attention to it as it may re-
quire, especially as 1 have to say something of
other speeches which may at present occupy as
much of the time of the Senate as can well be de-
voted to this subject. An honorable member from
New York nearest the Chair, [Mr. Dickinson,]
made a speech on this subject, i propose to take
some notice of that specch. But first, 1 may re-
mark that the honorable gentleman did not seem
to be satisfied with his own light; he borrowed
somewhat extensively, tie borrowed and incor-
porated into his speech, by way of a note, what he
entitles, "Extracts from the speech of Mr. C. J. In-
gersoll, in the House of Representatives. Speaking
of the McLeod affair, Mr. Ingersoll said:" Well,
then, my first business is to examine a little this
jewel which the honorable Senator chooses to work
into his own diadem; and I shall do it unmoved in
temper, I hope, and at the same time I do not mean
to omit what I may consider a proper notice of the
whole of it in all its parts. And here, sir, is that
extraordinary ebullition called by the honorable
Senator "the speech of Mr. C. J. Ingersoll in the
House of Representatives.n Mr. President, I al-
most wish I could find myself out of order in refer-
ring to it, as I imagine 1 should be if it had not
been that the honorable Senator has made it his
own and a part of his speech. I should be very
glad to be compelled not to take any notice of it—.
to be told that I was not at liberty to know that
such a speech was ever made, and I would thank
God to know that such an ebullition had never
been made out of a bar-room anywhere, and that's
a theatre quite too high for it. Now, sir, a portion
of this "spcech1" seems to be directed against the
individual now addressing the Senate. I will read
its parts and parcels, and take such notice of them
as they deserve as I go along. Hear what the Sen-
ator says:
Mr. Dickinson had understood there was a correspond-
once between the authorities at Washington and the Gov-
ernor of New VToik to th.it efiVct; but lie p.utieulaily alluded
to a k'ttcu addie>sed by Mi Websier, Secretary of Stato, to
Mi. Cuttenden, Attorney General at that tune, duecting
hun to proceed to New York, and take ehaigu of the. trial of
McLeod. lie had it not then bcfoie hun, and did not lecol-
leet it- precise language, but would refer to itbefoiehe
should clo.-e. He would endeavor to s.peak of the history
of the past tiuly, and m pet feet kindae^, hut he wished to
show what we had gained by npgotint tons with Great Biit-
ain, and who had made the concession*."
Now, sir, either by way of giving interest to
this narrative—or something else—the gentleman
from New York makes this a little more distinct.
He says not only that Mr. "Webster wrote this
letter to the Governor of New York, with his own
hand, but that he sent it by express. I believe the
•' express" matter was expressly by the gentleman
from New York.
Mr. DICKINSON. Will you allow me ?
Mr. WEBSTER. Oh! yes, I will allow you.
Mr. DICKINSON. The gentleman from New
York is not at all responsible for the statement in
the note. Nor does the gentleman from New
York make the exttaets from Mr. Isgehsoll's
speech any part of his; on the contrary, I stated
expressly, at the time that I alluded to it as a
very extraordinary statement. Having been met
by the emphatic contradiction of the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts, or what implied eort-
tradiction, I proposed to read in justification the
remarks of Mr. Ingersoll. The friends of the
Senator in his immediate vicinity objected to have
it read. I did not read the extract, nor was it ia
the report of my speech, which," in the usual way,
found its way to the newspapers. But, its 1 had
repeated calls for what I had alluded to asfepoken
by Mr. Ingersoll, I did append in the pamphlet
edition of my speech those remarks. I gave them •
as they were found in the newspaper, and there-
fore the Senator from New York neither added to,
nor diminished, these remarks. I wish to set the
Senator right as to this single matter of fact.
Mr. WEBSTER. 1 have only to state the fact
that the additional falsehood in the speech of Mr.
Ingersoll, as published by the member from New
York, is not to be found in the published report.
Mr. DICKINSON. In what paper? " '
Mr. WEBSTER. In the National Intelligen-
ccr, as corrected by Mr. Ingersoll himself; and
so it would appear, that if not inserted by the mem-
ber from New York, there is one falsehood in the
case which the original author was not so graceless
as to retain. But I go on with this speech:
" Out of this controversy arose tlje arrest of Alexander
McLeod. What he intended to stat'j now, consisted of
facts not yet geneially known, but which would soon be
made known, for tbey were in progress of publication, and
he had received them in no confidence, fiom the best au-
thority. When McLeod was arrested, General Harrison
had just died, and Mr. Tyler was not yet at home as his
successor. Mr. Webster—who was tie facto the Adminis-
tiation—Mr. Webstci wrote to the Governor of New York,
with Ins own hand, a letter, and sent it by express, maiked
" private," 111 which the Governor was told that he must re-
lease MeLeod, or see the magnificent commercial emporium
laid in ashes. The brilliant description given by the gentle-
man from Virginia of the prospective destruction of that
city in the ease of a war, was, tn a measure, anticipated on
this occasion. McLeod must be released, said the Seeretaiy
of State, or New Yolk must be laid m ashes. The Gover-
nor asked when this would be done? The replv was,/orfA~
uith. Do you not see coming on the waves of the sea the
Faivhan guns? And lfMcLeod be not released, New York
wilt be destroyed. But, said the Governor, the power of
pardon is vested in me, and even if he be convicted, he may
be pardoned. Oh, no, said the Secretary, if you even try
him, you will bring destruction on yourselves."
Well, now, I say that a series of more distinct,
unalloyed falsehoods—absolute, unqualified, en-
tire—never appeared in any publication in Christ-
endom. Every allegation here made—every one,
would entirely justify the use of that expressive
monosyllable which some people are base enough
and low enough to deserve to have thrown in their
teeth, but which a gentleman does not often Jike to
utter. Every one of them, from beginning to end,
is false. There is not a particle of truth in them-^-
there is not the slightest foundation for any one of
these assertions. " Mr. Webster wrote a private
letter," &c. False, sir—all false. I never said or
wrote such a thing in my life to the Governor of the
State of New York. " McLeod must be released."
It is false. I never said any such thing. "New
York must be laid in ashes. The Governor asked
when this was to be done?" What does this
mean > Here I am charged with writing a letter
to the Governor of New York, telling him that he
must release McLeod, or " see the magnificent
commercial emporium laid in ashes." Sir, I never
wrote to the Governor of New York, saying that
he must release McLeod. I never said a word
about the magnificent emporium being laid in ash-
es. But it seems that the Governor of New York
then writes to me another letter in answer to mine,
inquiring when New York was to be "laid in
ashes," and the reply was, " forthwith." And
here we have this Mr, Ingersoll himself prepa-
ring this speech for the press, italicising the word
forthwith, as if I had written another letter to the
Governor of New York, " telling him" that New
York was to be laid in ashes " forthwith." What
follows ? Steam force ! I never mentioned steam
force nor any other force. " But, said the Gov-
ernor, the power of pardon is vested in me, and if
he be convicted he may be pardoned." Here is
another letter—a third letter from me ! " Oh ! no,
said the Secretary"—why, here I am writing a
fourth letter—" if you even try him you will
bring destruction upon yourselves." This is stated
by a man or a thing that has a seat in one of the
Houses of Congress. I promised to keep my
temper, and I will. The whole concern is infi-
nitely contemptible, and cannot disturb the temper
of a reasonable man. But I will expose it.
