620
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
my duty to take some notice of them. Our ac- i
quaintance is but short, but it has not been un- j
pleasant. I always thought him a man of courte- |
ous manners and kind feelings; but it cannot be |
expected I shall sit here and listen to statements !
such as the honorable Senator has made on this '
question, and not answer them. I repeat, that it
gives me great pain to take notice of the gentle-
man's speech. This controversy is not mine; all
can bear witness to that. I have not undertaken
to advance, of my own accord, a single word about
the treaty of Washington. I am forced, driven to
it; and, sir, when X am driven to the wall, I mean
to stand up and make battle, even against the most
formidable odds. What I find fault with is, that
throughout his spccch, the honorable Senator con-
tinually makes the remark that he wishes to tell
the truth—that he is making a search after truth.
But if this be a specimen of the honorable Sena-
tor's search after truth, a collection of Ins researches
would be a veiy amusing compilation. If the hon-
orable Senator, during relaxation from his duties
here, would put his researches together, I under-
take to say they would sell quickly. The Har-
pers would make wull out of thorn. The people
of the United States will pay v.'ell for what gives
them a good hearty kuu;h; and it is no matter if that
effect be produced, whether it lie by a story from
Dickens, by a caricature from Punch, or a volume
of the researches after truth by an honorable mem-
ber of the Senate. .Now, sir, 1 propose to follow
the honorable Senator a few steps in the course of
his researches. I have already said that in two or
three passages of his speech the gentleman ex-
presses his strong desire to state the facts. [Here
Mr. W. lend a quotation from the speech of Mr.
Dickixson.] He says there are four things we have
lost by the treaty of Washington. I cannot fmd
the passages, but the amount of it is that we made
a very important concession of territory to Eng-
land under that treaty. Now that treaty proposed
to be a treaty of concession on both sides. The
gentleman states concessions made by the United
States, but entirely forgets, in lus researches after
truth*, to state those made on the other side. He
takes no notice of the cession of Rouse's Point—
of a strip of land a hundred miles long, on the
border of the state of New York. His notion of :!
historical truth is to state all on one side of the ;
story, and forget all the rest. That is a system j
of research after truth which will hardly commend j
itself to the attention of most men. But, sir, what
I wish pnnupally to do now is, to turn to another j
part of this speech. [Here Mr. W. quoted fiom i
Mr. Dickinson's speech.] I before gave the gen-
tleman notice that I would call upon him for the ,
authority upon which he made such a statement !
us that an attempt was made at Washington by
members of the Government to stop the course of:
justice; and now, if the gentleman is ready with j
the proofs, I would be glad to have them. !
Mr. DICKINSON. I will reserve what I have '!
to say until the gentleman has done, when I shall ;i
pioduce it to his satisfaction. j
Mr. WEBSTER. I undertake to say no au- j
thority will be produced, or is producible, that j
there were attempts made at Washington to in- !
forfrre with the trial of McLeod. What occurred? '
It was suggested by the Government to Governor .
heward,that the President was gratified that he |
had come to the conclusion to enter a nolle prosequi j:
in the case of McLeod. Was that a palpable inter- ;
forence with judicial authority? Was that a resist-
ance of the ordinary process of law i The Gov- '
eminent of the United States had nothing at all i
to do with it. But I wish to know in what ;
school the gentleman has been taught that if a
man is in prison, and his counsel moves to have ^
lum brought up on the great writ of habeas cor■ |i
pus, that that is any resistance of judicial pro-.1
cess in favor of the prisoner? I dare say the j:
honorable gentleman among his authorities can ,
produce none to show such to be an interference, i
He may call what he likes a direct and palpable in- !
terference. He may apply the term to the journey ,
of the Attorney General to Albany. But that does i
not prove it so. I hold the gentleman responsible
to prove that the Government did some act or acts !
which the common sense of men holds to be a pal- j
pable and direct interference. I say there was
none. He quotes the letter of instructions to the
Attorney General. That contains no interference,
ihat letter says to the Attorney General, that if
the case were pending in the courts of the United
States, so that the President could have control
over it, he would direct the prosecuting officer to
enter a nol. pros.; but as it belonged entirely to the
Governor of New York, it is referred to the Gov-
ernor himself. That is evident in the letter which
the Attorney General carried to the Governor of
New York; and there was not another act done by
authority at Washington in reference t o this "mat-
ter; and 1 call upon the gentleman at his leisure to
produce his authority for his statements. One
word more in answer to the remarks the gentleman
made this morning, and I shall leave it. The ebul-
lition which I have been commenting upon, and
which is as black and foul mouthed as ever was
ejected from anything standing on two legs, was
published a few days before the honorable Senator
from New York made his speech. He referred to
it, and stated a fact contained in it. I was here in
my seat and heard it, and arose, and told the hon-
orable Senator it was an utter falsehood. He
knew I denounced it as an absolute calumny. He
saw on the face of that statement, that, if it was
true, it was utterly disgiaceful to me. It was, he
said, disgraceful to the country, what was done,
and if it was disgraceful to the country, it must be
so to me. 1 stated my denial of the truth of that
speech of Mr. Ingersoil in the strongest terms—in
the most emphatic language. What then? The
very next day he proceeded to read that speech in
the Senate; but it was objected to, and was not
read. But the next day, as he tells us, he sent his
own speech to press, and inserted this speech of
Ingersoil, knowing I had pronounced it a false-
hood. Yes, miserable, calumnious, and scanda-
lous as it was, he snatched at it, and put it in his
speech, and then circulated it to the full extent
of his ability. I happened to go into the chamber
one day when the Senate was not in session, and
found our a&cnts and messengers franking and di-
mming that speech to all parts of New York; and
I do not doubt that enough of it was sent by him
into Broome county to fill a barn, and pretty bad
fodder it would be. And now 1 beg to know if
that is friendly, candid, or just? Does any man
think he can stand up here with the proper dignity
of a Senator of the United States, and pursue such
a course'1 He knew the speech he quoted was
calumnious. He heard it pronounced utterly false.
Mr. DICKINSON. Only one single point in it
was answered or denied by the Senator. That
was, that the fee of the Attorney-General was not
paid by the Government of the United States. I
referred to the statements because I had a right to
do it, and thinking it was part of my duty.
Air. WEBSTER. I do not say what a man
has a right to do ■
Mr. DICKINSON. As a matter of propriety,
then 
Mr. WEBSTER. Well, I say it was not pro-
per to do it. Suppose I had dragged out of a ditch
some calumny on the gentleman which he denied,
would it be proper in me to persist in it after that
denial ?
Mr. DICKINSON. The speech quoted was doc-
: umentary matter, and I had a right and full libei ty
to lay such before the country.
Mr. WEBSTER. That is true of documentary
history, but when did that speech become docu-
mentary history ?
Mr. DICKINSON. It was considered so by
' me, because it was printed and went to the public
; from an official source.
: Mr. WEBSTER. Indeed! So any falsehood,
any vile calumny that is raked up, no matter what j
it is, if printed, is documentary history! _ Now,
sir, I repeat again, that it has given me pain to be
i driven into this controversy—great pain; but I re-
; peat again, that if I am attacked here for anything j
I done m the course of my public life, 1 shall defend (
1 myself. My public reputation, bp it ever so little, i
be it such as it may, has been earned by thirty j
years' service in these halls. It is dearer to me j
than life itself, and till life is extinct I will defend
it. In this part of the case, I would now desire to i
see produced those authorities, which, it is said, ,
prove upon the Administration in which I bore a
; part, a direct and palpable interference in the ju-
!j dici.il proceedings of one of the States of this
j; Union.
; I will now allude, as briefly as possible, to the
remaining points of the treaty, to which allusion
;i had been made. The subject of the delivery of
jj fugitives from justice has been revived. It has been
ii said that an innocent woman had been sent back to
Scotland. Why, I believe the fact is, that a wo-
man had murdered her husband, or some relative *
in Scotland, and fled to this country. She was'
pursued, demanded, and carried back, and from
some defect in the ordinary regularity of evidence,
or some such cause, which not unfrequently occurs
in criminal trials, she was acquitted. But, sir, I
undertake to say that the article for the extradition
of offenders contained in the treaty of 1842, if there
were nothing else in the treaty of any value, has
of itself been of more value to this country, and is
of more value .to the progress of civilization, the
cause of humanity, and the good understanding
between nations, than could be readily computed.
What was- the state and condition of this country
on the borders at the time of this treaty ? Why,-
lt was the time when the " patriot societies"' were
all in operation—when companies were formed and
officers appointed by secret associations to carry
on the war in Canada; and as I have said already,
the disturbances were so frequent and so threaten-
ing that the United States Government here de-
spatched General Scott to the frontier to make a
draft on the State for militia to preserve the peace
of the border. What in the world repressed these
disorders? Nothing in the world but a provision
between the two Governments that if those " pa-
triots'5 and il barn-burners" went from one side to
the other to destroy their neighbors' property, try-
ing to bring on a war all the time—for that was
their object—they would be punished. As soon
as that provision was agreed to, the disturbances
ceased on one side and on the other. They were
heard of no more. In the formation of this clause
of the treaty I had the advantage of consultation
with a venerable friend near me, one of the mem-
bers from Michigan, [Mr. Woodbribge.] He
pressed me'not to forego the opportunity of intro-
ducing some such provision. He examined it; and,
since it occurs to me, I will ask him if he knows
any other cause for the instantaneous suppression
of these border difficulties?
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. In regard to this pro-
vision, I have to say that it had been the subject
of a communication from the Governor of the State
of Michigan to the Legislature, and it grew out of
an increasing evil resulting from the facility with
which fugitives from justice could escape, and
which had utterly broken in upon the peace and
safety of society there. Extending for a distance
of about one hundred miles, the narrow straits of
Detroit and St. Clair furnish every imaginable facil-
ity for the escape of fugitives, lined as they were
with boats of all descriptions, from the bark canoe
to the steamer of a thousand tons, with dense set-
tlements on each side. I was impressed with the
great importance of some provision of this kind,
and among my first duties on arriving here after
the inauguration of General Harrison, was to pre-
sent the subject to the view of the honorable gen-
tleman, then Secretary of State. At his sugges-
tion—for his answer was favorable—I introduced
a resolution to test the sense of the Senate. Af-
terwards, as the negotiation with Lord Ash burton
proceeded, at the request of the honorable Secre-
tary, I drew up the form which was substantially
the same as that introduced in .the treaty. It was _
submitted confidentially to all the members from
the border States, and met with unanimous con-
currence. The practical results of that provision
have been fortunate in the highest degree. All the
evils which it sought to remedy have disappeared,
and in proof of the value and extent of this deliv-
erance, I will ask a reading of a portion of the Gov-
! ernor's message on the subject. [The passage was
| read by the Secretary.] I have now only to add
j my perfect conviction that no act of the legislative
j or of the treaty-making power has ever been
| attended by happier and more unequivocally for-
j tunate consequences than this very provision, so
far as the peace and safety of society on the fron-
tier are concerned.
Mr. WEBSTER resumed. I am happy to find
that, in its operation, the provision has satisfied
those at whose request it was made. But I may
| now state, I suppose without offence and without
cavil, that since the negotiation of this treaty, con-
taining this article, we have negotiated treaties with
other Governments of Europe containing the same,
and that between other Governments of Europe
themselves treaties have been negotiated containing
i , that provision—a provision never before known to
1i have existed in any of the treaties between European
j nations. I am happy to see, therefore, that it has
