THE CONGRESSIONAL
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTOX,BY
99th Congress, 1st Session- - FRIDAY, APRIL 10, 1846.
BLAIR & RIVES.
New Series....No. 40.
J^ands, asked that said committee be discharged
from th« further consideration of the memorial of
citizens of Missouri, praying the removal of the
land offiee from Palmyra, in that State; which was
agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, submitted adverse reports upon
t.he petitions of Reuben Milts, Abigail Reeves, and
Deliverance Slassin; which reports were ordered
to be printed.
Mr. PENNYBACKER, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill authorizing the payment of
a sum of money to 5-obert Purlcis; which was read,
and passed to the second reading. The report was
ordered to be printed. i,
Mr. DICKINSON submitted the following reso- jj
lution, which was agreed to: :'
Resolved, That the President of the United States | ]
be requested to communicate to the Senate any in- |i
formation in the possession of the Government [
showing that complaints have b«en made by any '■>
of our vessels of having been searched by liritisli
cruisers since the "Washington Treaty of 1843; and
if so, the names of the vessels, together with the
dates and places of such acts; and, also, copies of
any correspondence that may have passed between
the two Governments on the subject.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
to change the distribution of the duties among the
several naval bureaus,
Mr. FALliFIKLI) called for the reading of the
letter of the Secretary of the Navy, iteconipaiiy-
ing the report of the committee; which whs as fol-
lows:
« Navv Dfi'autmknt, March vM, lHifJ,
«8m: Tho midden denth of tin* chief of the Ihirnui
of Ordnance and Hydrotpmphy m«Uea it neecwwmy u> «u*k
the prompt action ot Con^rus* to nuthori/e n diftcrcni mxl
more systematic distribution of the duties* of tho mivciftt
bureau*.
"The Bureau of Navy Yards anil Dm-lv* kIiouIiI iiM have
under its charp- hydrography. Thru iUI (he nliou; Htafiom
would bo midrr one head.
" Ordmiuee bcin« a part of equipment, the Thm-mi ot i >rtl
nuneo maj nppropiiatoly be ehurtfod with the duties ut < <puj>
merit. Then tho entire equipment of vowels afloat w.miu
devolve u]Km the same bureau.
"This would simplify the business of the omec; mid it
would be a groat advantage to the ptibttc «ervioe if tho Sec-
retary of the Navy, by a resolution similar to tho fifth na-
tion of the act approved tho 31*tof August, l&fcJ, could bo
invested with authority to mako the requMu* change*.
<* If Congress will fotiose atifh discretion, the peculiar
qualifications of tho officer* at tho head of the- re#pceuvo
bureaus could be callod into action.
"These changes involve no new expenditure
" I axil, very respectfully, your ubedienf
•« Hon. John Runnni.e, t, L, ,
«Ckakinaru Clwi. on Nuvul *Semi/t!.
By this it will be perceived, said "Mr. P., thai the
alarm which lias been excited by this bill is alto-
gether groundless. 11 neither proposes to imiltmly,
nor diminish, the number of naval bureaus, norrfocs
it propose to change the character of the chiefs from
naval officers to civilians, or the reverse. 11 simply
roposes to transfer tho charge of one class o! duties
,rom one bureau to another—separating what is im-
Ifke and dissimilar, and bringing together the duties
tbat were homogeneous. To a proposition so sim-
ple, and so obviously proper, he had not anticipated
the slightest objection, and he could not but believe
that, on further reflection, the Senator from Dela-
ware would withdraw his objections, and let the bill
pass. Nothing can be further from the truth than
supposing that it has an unfriendly aspect towards
the chief of the Bureau of Construction, Equipment,
and Repair. It is thought that this distinguished
officer is to be made to give place to a civilian, or
is to be transferred to a bureau where the dunes
-will be much more onerous than in his present
bureau, while the compensation will remain the
same. Now, exactly the reverse of all this is the
fact even supposing it to be the intention of the
President, or Secretary, to transfer Commodore
Morris to the Bureau of Equipment and Ordnance,
■which he was confident would not be done without
his consent. And he would add that, in his opinion,
knowing the views of the Secretary as he did, the
disoensfng with the services of that distinguished
officer altogether had never been thought of for an
° 40
ii« ue ie«s \wum5 i«> mmj uiwc *: .,j jvr .here is ft strong teeung m mec<
service of the country. And, as he had said ;j ■ > . them au by civili
>rc, he had no idea that the commodore would 1. y , (. ,r nffioers of the navy u
in Bnv other bureau without his con- !, and he thougiu, if the ofhceis oruie n  y
JHV.-5l.lil.   .
skill, and faithfulness, more than the Secretary, or - "av*'whdeiu fact they ha-vefour-
wot^bele.^in^to.ethose c^h^Jo^to j,
before,   
he changed to any other bureau without
sent. But should he be transferred to the Bureau
of Equipment and Ordnance, is it. true that his du-
ties would be increased, and that without any ^addi-
tional compensation? Par from it. Iho tact w
that tho duties attached to the bureau at th<* head ot
which Commodore Morris >*Mirc ranch w)re
onerous than thofo of any other bureau. 1 he
civilians;
acted
' wisely* ihey would notdisturb the present arrange-
ment," for in endeavoring to they may lose
: what they have. On the whole, he hoped thatop-
: position to tl)e bill would be withdrawn, and that
it would be permitted to pass. For, if it was to
wt s at all, it was desirable that it should pass early,
' r  ^ - (,f an officer to fill the
in :\ great measure,
rKwi.^' ;| SoXd byToarrSsercnt'o^^
Inasnuu'h us the t.eli< tiun
place now vacant,
lutely diminish his duties.
yesterday by the Senator from DcJfwyarc, [Mr
t'l.AYTON*,] that ihe dutirs of construction ond re-
pair wcr'' not pt rformed by him, hut by a naval
constructor.tttached t«> that
ly Iselieve tlic Senntor ftom .. .
in thix. (?omntodoi*<* IVlorris is not the man to al-
low his own dutieH to be performed by others. But |
if if were so, ii would *eem to present n strong ar-
•j^umenf in favor of the pa^Hft'^e of this bill. What -
propriety eould therr be, h«- would a>k, m permit-
ting the rhar;M' of con^l ruction and repair to remain ,■
fttt icht'd to n bureau, white the chief of that bureau 1
had nothing to do with construction and repair ? It j
«how« that t\\i iiminiur.d clashincfttuni will not be
ndhered in prncn<- -, however it mav «tHnd upon
the Ktatute-book, Hut if the Seiiut'T from Ueia- 11
wart? was nu-staken in re-rard to the comparative ;
duties of the two buienns named, he was no les^
ho m regard to the eompensation. The salary of ,!
the (^hief of the Hurctiu of Construction and Re-
pairs is p,0tK); wSnh' the. wdary att«ehed to tho
bureau tf> which h«" wouh! promote (.omiuodore.
Morris is lume-td, therefore, of iransfbr-
rim'; him to a bure; u where the duties would lie ;
more onerous, mid the compensation less, he oufd
bo promoted to a higher butemt, where the duties
would be less rmd tho compensation -nore. lie
1 trusted, thru, thut the impuumon of having
c,t towards Commodore Moirip
rvimf,
G- BANCROFT.
m the bill.
^Ir HUNTINGTON explained that one reason
i.v Inm luit I.V a navai for the establishment of those bureaus was, that
bureau! Uccould hard- ii the old post-captains miSht ho employed on shore
Dehware to be correct : ni a sphere m which their servict*. ni^ht be made
' beneficial to the country. He was m the Senate
at the time when the bills were passed. In his
opinion, the business of the Navy Department
oug;ht to be in the hands of naval officers. They
were best fitted by experience for the duties; thev
, were less open to extraneous influence from abroad
in relation to contracts; the wants of the seamen
, were better understood, and would be more readiU
; supplied by them: and their employment would
he a saving from the tre.i^urv. C ommodore Shu-
1 brn k luui lately been removed to the. navy-yard,
■ and a civilian hud beni substituted for him m the
: bureau w Im h he bad satisfactorily filled. And it
i wn>- possible that the system which had been com-
' moneed in his ca^e was intended to be carried out
in reference to the other bureaus. Perhaps it was
proposed to substitute civilians, or mere politicians,
Knowing nothing of the duties, but claiming re-
. wards for their party services. lie regretted that
llie state of his health would not allow him to
speak at length on the subject; but he could not
avoid lisin^ to express his tears that this bill was
1 merely an enterin^-wed^e for the introduction of
' civilians or mere party politicians into these bu-
reaus?.
i Mr. J. M. CLAYTON said tbat he felt a pecu-
! liar sensitiveness on the subject of this bill, because
; lie thought its tendency was to transfer ail the-
I naval officers from these bureaus, and also to break
| up altogether the Bureau of Construction, which
i could be easily attained, or placed in the hands of
' a civilian, when the equipment duties were sep-
arated from it. The duties belonging to the De-
i un-
vould ,
£
friendly aspect
I no longer rest upon this bill. Certainly it should
: not, ftut ajfttin: it is thought that this is part of a
! plan of tho Secretary to re-orpmize these bureaus,
| ami place civilians at the head of them, instead of
i naval officers. This supposition, he was persua-
| ded, is also unfounded. He waa well informed of
' the views of the Secretary upon this point, and he
' knew that the Secretary was in favor of leaving this
nuttier precisely where the law had left it. There. —  - ,;r , . ,
wore tlve bureaus—for three of them the President partment of Hydrography could not possibly be
i-i reouired to select navnloliicers; for the other two, , understood by a civthan. vSo it was with the du-
I be mav take civilians. This division, thus estab- !| ties of the Ordnance Department. When the sup-
I lished l v law. the Secretary has no wish to disturb. H T5}' «>*' iliul {hp rftPa,rs were separated from
I A "■aim it has bmi alleged by the Senator from !; that bureau, an opportunity would be given for
: Delaware, that there is no propriety m tho change ![ puttin<r at its head a civilian or a mere politician,
i proposed*, that the classification was all very well tj He believed the mam object of the present bul
1 as it is. Now he would inquire what propriety I was the renioval of the. officer who now eo efn-
j (hero was in conne^tim; equipment with construe- 1 ciently presided over the bureau. The Department
I tion and reoaii ? The law contemplates that the i of Hydrography, he was aware, was under the
! chief shall be a skilful naval constructor; but what :i chars?, of a very intelligent and competent officer--
1 would a carpenter know about the kind and quality j'Lieutenant Maury—to whom was entrusted the
: of the canvass of a ship, the sixe or cut of her sails, : j care, of the maps and instruments, and no change
! or the size, quantity, and quality of the cordage? 1 eould probably be intended in his case. He ae-
1 The truth is, the duties are entirely dissimilar. A ! sired that the bill mi&ht be permitted to lie over for
I naval constructor may be very skilful, and a faith- :«the present, as he had an amendment prepared,
! ful mid valuable officer m sucb, and know nothing; ,, which might probably obviate all the objections he
1 of the equipment of a \ esse I. So while Commo- •' had to the bill, and which _he would be glad to
I dorn Morris and other naval captains may know \\show to the chairman oi the Njnral Committee. He
: but little aivout planning and constructing a ship, b hoped, therefore, that it would be nassed bv
: thry know all about vquippimr her and s;ettm<? her H formally for the present.
by in-
r^ady for sea afW she is launched. So of hydros- I; The Senate aequiescme: in this suggestion, the
raphy and ordnance. There was no natural con- h, bill was informally passed by.
nexion between them. Hfi would heg any Sena- ij committee reports.
tor to show, if lie could, what connexion or affinity l|
there was between planning, executing, and pre- i | The Senate considered the adverse report of the
scrvms ohurts, and the mminfai'.tnrc, purchase, and i; Committee on Pensions upon the petition of Samuel
i)i.--]H>clion of cannon? On ihe contrary, ordnance
naturall y bt'lmi^s to equipment. It is as much a part
of the emii|iraeut of   ship-of-war, as the sails or
rigging. Tin- ilmios of both are peculiarly adapt-
ctf to tlie qualifications of our exparience'd naval
officers; and for one. he was disposed to have ihem
continued in the charge of a naval officer. Of the
Knight, jr.; which was concurred in.
Also, the adverse report of tho Committee of
Claims upon the petition of Eli Hobbs; which was
concurred in.
Also, the adverse report of the Committee of
Claims upon the memorial of Orlando S. Eees;
which was concurred in.
