626
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
Also, the adverse report of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs upon the petition of Mary B. Hook;
which was concurred in.
Also, the adverse report of the Committee on
Pensions, upon the petition of William W. Hall;
which was concurred in.
Also, the adverse report of the Committee on
Pensions, upon the petition of Joanna ftuicez;
which was concurrcd 111.
Also, the adverse report of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, upon the petition of G. D. Duval);
which was concurred in.
Also, the adverse report of the Committee of
Claims, upon the petition of Robert Butler; which
was concurred in.
[Several messages in writing were received from
the President of the United States.]
DIPLOMATIC CORRESPONDENCE OREGON.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the fol-
lowing resolution, submitted several weeks since
by Mr. J. M. Clayton:
"Resolved, ThatthePresidentof the United States
be requested to communicate to the Senate copies
of any correspondence that may have taken place
between the authorities of the United States and
those of Great Britain since tiie last documents
transmitted in jelation to the subjectofthe Oie;>on
territory, or ol' .so much thereof as may be commu-
nicated without detriment to the public interest.''
Mr. ALLEN suggested that the n solution be
passed by informally.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON observed that the reso-
lution had been postponed for .several weeks, at the
suggestion of the Senator from Ohio. ] le thought
its adoption at this tuno was essential, m order'to
accelerate the decision of the Oregon question.
There were Senators who probably would not be
disposed to ^otc for the notice, without having M!
the information before them, although it would
have no effect on his ova vote. The tune for ihe
final action of the Senate upon that question bad
nearly arrived, and be trusted the honorable Sena-
tor would sec the propriety, under the pecuimreir-
cumstances of the case, of suffering the resolution
to be adopted.
Mr. ALLEN said he had heard nothing, he bad
Been nothing, to change Ilia opinion about the >>ro-
priety of passing this resolution. The, objection
which he had token before existed still, and Ihot
objection was, that the passage of resolutions from
day to day, as often as steamers arrived from Eng-
land, carri"d w'th it the appearance of a distrust,
(not so intended by the Senate, of coinse;) but
the proceeding carried wi'h it the appearance of a
distrust of th" ability anil the wisdom of the Ad-
ministration in the management of the Oregon ne-
gotiation. It was fair and reasonable to presume,
from the fact that the F.xorutu e, at the commence-
ment ofthe session, voluntarily laid befoie tlietv.o
Houses of Congress the state of the negotiation,
and recommended the interposition of the law-
making power in reference to the Oregon territory;
it was reasonable, under the circumstances, to sup-
pose that if anything had occurred subsequently
which was known to the Executive, and was not
known to the Senate, end which he deemed it
proper and consistent with the public interest to
communicate, be would have communicated it
without being interrogated. Two calls bad already
been made upon the Executive upon this veiV
subject. The first was made by the House of
Representatives, and brought out' the information
of the tender and rejection of two propositions to
arbitrate. The other was an inquiry made by the
Senate, and was responded to a few days ago,
bringing out not so much what had transpired"in
relation to the Oregon question, as what, in the
opinion of the Executive, was necessary by way
of military preparation. He did not oppose that
resolution, mainly for the reason that it only called
for an opinion upon the question of the military
defences of the country Bad it called, as he had
heard it said on the other side, for facts, as far as
those facts formed the groundwork for that opin-
ion, and no further, he would still have offered no
objection to its passage. That resolution was re-
sponded to : and now it was said that the pend-
ency of the question in the two Houses of Con-
gress constituted the right of the two Houses to
interrogate the Executive. If the Senate of the
United States believed that the President was in-
competent to judge what were his duties towards
Congress, pending legislative action, or if they be-
lieved that the President was actuated by evil or
improper motives, under such circumstances it
would be extremely proper that this resolution,
and all others which Senators might be disposed
to offer by way of inquiry, should pass. But, in
the absence ot these reasons, the effect of such a
proceeding upon the world and upon the powers
of this Government, in the controversy with Great
Britain, would be highly detrimental. This was
why he thought the resolution ought not to pass.
If any Senator would rise in his place, and say
that he believed the President ofthe United States
had in his possession information which the public
interest required should be communicated, and
that, having it in his possession, he suppressed it
—if any man would say this of the President, he
would -vote for the passage ofthe resolution in or-
der that such mail might be gratified.
He had said on a "former occasion, end be re-
peated now, that in former years, when this very
Oregon question was pending before Congress,
when the legislative power was about to act upon
it, and when they did act in the most solemn form
upon the very same question, a similar resolution
was offered, calling upon President Tyler for like
information, and was voted down. And on that
occasion lie remembered the Senator from Ken-
tucky [Mi. Morkihhad | made an elaborate speech,
and other Senators made speeches, alleging all the,
reasons which he (Mr. A.) bad now adduced in
reference to this resolution, and even more,against
the passage of the resolution then offered. That
was when th" Administration was in the hands of
Mr. Tyler. Ke. would say nothing respecting Mr.
Tyler, either good or bad, except that he stood in
a peculiar position before the American people, not
having the confidence of either of the great po-
bticrl ji'irtics; yd. on that occasion, it was thought
that the passing of resolutions of inquiry would be
nil net liot respectful or proper in itself, as it would
be presuming that the IVe.sitlent would do wrong,
lie would not tumble the Senate by referring to
tile vote upon (bet occasion, as recorded in the
journal. It was sufj'eient for his present purpose
to state that the Senate did establish ihe principle.
It was neither from his knowledge of what in-
formation did or what did not exist that he opposed
this resolution. Ho opposed it because ho believed
its moral eii'ect would be bad. if he knew that
there was not one solitary communication which
bad passed between the two Governments which
bad not been made public, be would nevertheless
oppose the resolution, bccause the reasons for bis
opposition to it would govern then as well as now.
And ho wished no inference to be drawn one way
or another from bis opposition, as to what was or
was not in existence. His opposition was upon
the ground that thus perpetually probing the Pres-
ident with resolutions would imply, in the view of
the American people, a want, of confidence m the.
President on the pan of the Senate, and that such
an implication would greatly prejudice our inter-
ests in the controversy with Great I'.ritain. If the
Senator was disposed to force a vote upon the res-
olution, he was ready, for one, to vote upon it.
He would not, of course, complain of it, whatever
might be the result. He had merely stated what
had been the practice of that body, and by what
principles grave Senators bad heretofore been gov-
erned under like circumstances. Having stated
this, and having stated what he believed would be
the moral elicit of the adoption of the resolution,
be left the matter entirely to the discretion of Sen-
ators.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON said he understood as
well as the gentleman from Ohio himself did what
had been the practice of the Senate. One or two
solitary cases might be pointed out in which re-
sistance bad been made; but no one at all acquaint-
ed with the practice of the. Senate would say that
resolutions of this description had been ordinarily
the subject of opposition. Such resolutions, un-
less under very peculiar circumstances, were adopt-
ed as a matter of course. And why? Because
they asked the President for just so much infor-
mation as in bis opinion might be communicated
without detriment to the public interests, and no
more. Everybody must see that there was no
impropriety in that. The Senator from Ohio had
repeated half a dozen times over that the resolu-
tion would imply a distrust of the Executive, but
he had not shown the Senate in what way it would
have such an effect. He maintained that it im-
plied the highest confidence; for the whole matter
was left discretionary with the President. The
Senator said they were probing the Executive day
after day. Why, they had been debating this
question for months, and only one resolution of
inquiry had been passed, and that was promptly
answered by the President. This resolution had
been long delayed, at the request of the chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Relations, and that
Senator still persisted in his opposition to it. And
that, too, when the Senate was on the eve of a vote
upon the question. He appealed to the ft-iends of
that Senator against such an opposition as this.
Gentlemen, when called on to vote upon the ques-
tion of notice, might say they were not prepared
to vote without the information asked for by this
resolution. They might say, with a great show
of reason, that they were not willing to "go it
blind." The President might probably have in-
formation which, if communicated, would alter the
whole state of the question. .The extraordinary
opposition of the Senator from Ohio, standing in*
the position he did as chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Relations, would have the effect of
giving to "the people of this country suspicions of a
very different character from those to which the
Senator had adverted. It might very reasonably
be suspected, judging from the source from which
opposition came, that thegentleman feared the Pres-
ident would give information which the Senator
would be unwilling should be given. The Sena-
tor would find upon reflection, that he was much
more exposed to suspicion for his opposition than
the Senate would bo for its adoption of the resolu-
tion. Ke had already announced his determina-
tion to vote for the notice. That determination
was not likely to be affected by anything winch
would be disclosed; but he could see no good rea-
son why other Senators should not have the ben-
efit of the information, if any was to be procured.
He wished to ask the Senator from Ohio if he did
not wish to have a strong vote in favor of the no*
tice: and there were many Senators who would
hold back until all the information in the hands of
the Executive was before them. As to distrust of
the .Senate, he asked that some better proof of it
should he shown than had been as yet disclosed.
He would ask the yeas and nays on the passage of
the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MOREHEAD said he should not have
troubled the Senate, had it not been for the allusion
which was made to himself by the Senator from
Ohio. On a former occasion,ho had deemed it his
duty to oppose the passage of a resolution which,
in its terms, was certainly similar to the present
one, being a call for, information; but the Senate,
in bis view, stood at that time in altogether a dif-
ferent position from the one it occupied now. The
resolution calling for information at that time was
offered at a period when it was understood negotia-
tions were pending between this Government and
Great Britain upon the Oregon question, and at a
period when there was no duty devolving upon
the Senate which made it indispensable that they
should have the information. It was a mere call
for information tending to no practical result, at a
time when there was no measure pending to which
that information could be made directly applicable.
What was the state of the case now? At the
commencement of the session the President deemed
it his duty to call upon the Legislature to consider
the propriety of giving notice to Great Britain of
the termination of the joint occupancy of the Ore-
gon territory. The notice was passed by the House
of Representatives, and sent to the Senate; and it
had been for months the subject of legislative ac-
tion in that body. A very important duty was
now to be performed by the Senate. They were
called upon to determine a question which might
involve peace or war—to assume, a high responsi-
bility; and, under these circumstances, he thought
they were entitled to demand and receive all the
information upoii the subject which the President
of the United Stales might have in his possession.
They ought not to be called on to perform so high
a duty blindfold. How could it be said to imply
any distrust of the President to ask for information
to enable the Senate to act understandingly ? He,
for one, desired to know what were the precise re-
lations existing between the British Government
and our own. He acted on the same responsibility
in regard to this matter that the President himself
did, and he claimed the right to possess the same
' information.
