1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
627
Mr. ALLEN replied. He would detain the Sen-
ate only a few moments. He had alluded to what
had been done in the Senate on a former occasion,
and the remarks which had fidlen from the Senator
who had just taken his seat, rendered it necessary
for him to enter a little more into the details of that
case. He (Mr. A.) on that occasion submitted a
resolution, calling upon President Tyler, and he
made a Speechin support of it, which was recorded
in the volume before him, (Congressional Debates.)
Other Senators made speeches also recorded in that
volume. He then stated the facts on which he
predicated his resolution. The Senate af the Uni-
ted States had passed a bill upon the Oregon sub-
ject: a bill, let it be remembered, which, on its face,
in name, claimed up to the Russian boundary—
bounding the United States claim by parallels of
latitude, and soins; to 54° 4C. That bill passed
the Senate upon the yeas and nays, ineffaceably re-
corded. Well, during the session of the British
Parliament which immediately succeeded the ses-
sion of the Senate at which that bill was passed,
that bill became the subject-mailer of discussion.
In that debate, a leading member of the Opposition
had declared, that had that bill become a law, it
would have been n cause of war. The Prime Min-
ister of England replied to that declaration. lie said
that he did not exactly know, but he believed that
the vote of the Senate had been divided on the pas-
sage of the bill; he had not the official account be-
fore him, it seemed, but he stated that he would not
decide a hypothetical case of war, that he would
not suppose a question and then decide it to be a
question of war or no war; but this was wlmt he
would say, that he bad assurances from the lYr.si~
dent, of the United States, which justified the. convic-
tion upon his part that he |the President] would not
have permuted that bill to become a law. That
was the point on which he (Mr. A.) liuns; his reso-
lution. The Senate had passed a bill. The liritish
Minister alleged that he had reasons which induced
him to believe that President Tyler would n.u have
permitted that bill to become a law, and be (Mr. A.)
wanted to know what the reruns were, which the
British Minister had, and the Amerieim ,Semite had
not, for supposing that President T\ ler wmild lime
vetoed that bill. Well, in that state of the ,'.w,
they met a ain. The Ore«on question atraiu came
before the Senate. They were required to exer-
cise the law-malanc; function upon that question,
and in that state of the ease, with the discussion in
the British Parliament before them, and the decla-
ration of the British Premier tlmt he had these as-
surances from the President that he would have
vetoed that bill—for that was the substance of his
declarations—he (Mr. A.) wanted to know before
they proceeded with subsequent legislation, what
those reasons were; what the state; of the casewns,
as created by the relations existing between the
President of the United State mid the Prime Min-
ister of England. It was material that that should
be known to the Senate, because the Prime Minis-
ter of England had virtually said that the Senate
of the United States had done a thing which the
President would have vetoed, and which they were
about to do again. That had been no haphazard
declaration of an humble member of the British
Parliament—not made in an oyster-cellar by an ir-
responsible man—but made by a" man who shook
the trident of Old England over the, waters of the
world. Ho 'it was who declared that lie had the
assurance that that bill would not pass—that Mr.
Tyler would have defeated it. Well, the. Senate
came to act upon it again, and he (Mr. AO wished
to know the facts as to what had passed between
the President and the British Government, and on
that he predicated his resolution, because the state
of the case required it, inasmuch as they had the
threat of a veto hanging over them; and it was
with that argument he wentbeforethe Senate with
his resoulution—an argument that never was an-
swered, and never could be answered. It was that
which the Senate, with that wisdom, gravity, and
patriotism renowned all over the world," voted
down, on the argument of grave and sedate Sena-
tors, who alleged that the passage of the resolution
would have the same effect which he alleged the
passage of that now before the Senate would
have, although the circumstances were more
strongly in favor of the passage of the one which
he (Mr. A.) offered. Now they had an Executive
that bad some responsibility—that possessed the
confidence of some portion of the American peo-
ple to back it—one which had some character at
bill, which I believe it has not passed. I thmk the votes
were equally divided; but whatever the Senate may do, it
i" impossible for the Executive Government to approve ot
such n bill after having e.^ires'-ed a desire to negotiate. The
nobto lord says the adoption of that hill would be a ease of
war. I will not discu-s hypothetical cases of war, when,
a< I have said, the Executive Government has signi-
fied to u-' it* desaie to maintain peace; and to effect a satis-
factory adjustment of the question of the Oregon territory,
information and withhold it from the Senate, if it !< } trust in tli- assurances of the
i , , .i i ,< I I will not behevt: that it will iyve its consent to a legislative
^ ^ fcomiiiunicated to them, and the j mea^lire :it variance with tho-c assurances."
Mr. CALHOUN. Why, the Senator spoke of
direct li assurances*'—does lie not perceive that
the " assurances''consisted merely of deductions
stake, as well as the Senate, and winch might be t
fairly presumed would have regard to that charac- j
ter, and would not suppress—would not keep back j
—any information which the rights, lienor, and !
interests of the country required should be com-!
municated to the Senate. No man rose there and \
said that he believed that Mr. Polk would pocket
t VI TAllWl .....tfcl.l. „ 1 .1 - I A. n IKI, I l\ /, rtnfttA it I ^
public interests demanded its communication. If
any man rose in his place and made such a decla- (
ration, he (Mr. A.) would immediately withdraw ;
his opposition, and vole for the resolution.
I 1 '> V(Mi iu l lilt i c KiuutLwii. i'   ^ „ ,
But what said the distin^ui.-died Senator from from the expression of a desire on the part ot me
elaware, [Mr. CuvTOvrl "He said that in the Executive to n^otmte ?
isence of this resolution, the ivrnaie might vote Air. ALJ-KX. J he English language means
Del;
absence
in tiie dark.
Senators mi;
4st not vote for the Ore- j; what the English dictionary tells us, and not what
gon resolution to give the notice, because that reso- !■
Iution was not passed. Indeed! And yet the '
gentleman said h<; h« lu ved the President kept back ■
nothing which oughi to he put in possession of the ji
Senate! Did not the declaration of the Senator i'
imply distract? If any man would faitci—would
hesitate—would v<uc .l^air^t the joint resolution
because the one now offered did not pass, the im-
putation was, that Mr. Polk kept something back, j
which he was afraid IO!>i\e tlu-m. He repeated, ■
if any man made such a declaration, he (Mr. A.)
would at once vote for the resolution. He had 1
stated over and over again tlw irrounds on which J
he opposed tho resolution. Hednlnot impute any :
such motive to any one; hut the «reu< ral tendency |
of the action of the Senate Mine u had mot the ,
resolution faun tin* 1 foiM', was, to paralyze tlic -
arm of the iv^re-rute (htvcroaienf — he spoku not
only of the K\eomi\( ami, but fhe arm of the ag-
gregate ('Jovrrmnetif. If had had the effect of,
dividing, to some extent, the opinions of men
whose united opinions alone could vust iin the
"lory and honor of the country. How dmded? '
Hy argument, which they wete told at the outset ;
of the discission would blister the tonsroe of the J
man who uttered them~-~dm<h*il hy hi moment,
\vh ich went to establish t he iimn tice of the \ 'nited •
States Government toward-? (in-at 1'rmiin, if they 1
established iUU'lhin-.r 'tf ail. Mini iherefore tending
to eneoui\u\e («reaf Bnt'iin mi the prosecution of
her demands even uf the point of the sword, with •
the approbation of the world, imoked hy argu-
ments uttered on the lloor of the United States ;
Senate,
Mr. HKKESft h'-re rose, and moved that the j
Senate proceed to the consideration of the special I
order. |
Mr. CALHOUN hedged the Senator to with
draw his motion for a few moment*, as he had one
word to say. He felt it due to the late Adminis-
tration to state in ivf rence to what had faller^rom
(he Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Au.r.v,} that neither
he, (Mr. nor, ns far as he kn< w,any member
of Mr. Tyler's Cabinet, ever heard a single ex-
pression which authorised any such idea na that 1 }'irix not icference to the Senator, but the subject
the President ever intended to veto ihc hill alluded alluded to in the letter.
8enatorsehoo.se to make u mean, it is true the
President is not represented as u*ing the term veto.
i>ut what, does the British Minister say? " I will
' not diM'us^ the question. 1 trust in the assurances
' of the Executive <Joveinmeiu, and I do not be-
1 heve that it will give lis sanction to a legislative
'measure at variance with these assurances."
"Give its sanction to a legislative measure"—
speak ins: of the hill passed and discussed as the
hill which would lustify Great Britain in going to
war. It was m that stite of the case, in order to
ascertain what these ''assurances" were, that I
offered my resolution of inquiry.
Air. CALHOUN. In it necessary for me to say
. that every Senator must see that the " assurance"
: was a m<*re deduction from the fact that the Presi-
| dent was disposed to negotiate5,
Mr. ALLEN. 1 don't carc whether it was de-
duction or addition.
Mr. PRKESE renewed his motion to take up
1 the special order; wSiich was agreed to.
SPECIAL ORDER.
' The Senate then proceeded to the special order,
: hoing the joint resolution, &c.; when—
Mr. DICK LNSON, being about to speak, yielded
(he tloor to
, Mr. CASS, who heg^cd the Senator to indulge
' him foi ,i monu at. lie then requested the Sena-
t n* fiom Ma^-a'dni^ tis [Mr. WubstkrJ to read
the letter fiom Mi. Wheaton, which he had read
! yesterday. He begged it to be understood, that
in making this request, he had no intention to say
' a word on the subject of (he Ashburton treaty, nor
to go into any part of the discussion of yesterday*
nor had what he intended to say any personal rela-
tion to the Senator from Massachusetts at all. He
would ho glad if the Senator would once more read
i the letter.
; Mr. WEBSTER said he had not the letter be-
1 fore him. Could the Senator from Michigan state
, what was the date of it?
Mr. CASS. Ociober or November, 1842. I
wish to add, that the question I am about to put
to, or any such bill. If Mr. Tyler ever entertain
ed rmeh an idea, he confined it to his own breast.
The language of the Senator from Ohio might, if
unexplained, produce tlie erroneous impression
that Mr, Tyler had expressed a dett rminulion to
veto the bill.
Mr. A.LLF.N said he had not so stated, but had
merely alluded to what Sir Robert Peel had said,
lie had said nothing of any declaration on the
part of the Administration.
Mr. CALHOUN. I understand you peifectly.
Air. WIClkSTEil. I have not my reference be-
'] fore me at present.
i Mr. CASS. You can state whether I am right
or wrong in my recollection. If I recollect right,
in that, letter Mr. Wheaton said, or intimated pretty
strongly, that the Ashburton treaty was the cause
,'i of the rejection of the Cluintuple treaty by France.
, Air. WEBSTER. Yes.
I Mr. CASS. Weil, then, I will show that Mr.
Wheaton was wrong.
Air. WEBSTER.' If you wish to proceed, per-
Mr. A.UJOT. In order to put the question at ! hapH you h;ld better wtut'till you get the letter.
.*.♦ f n^lr (Itrt I.nn .1 t t.   ... ^ ~ _ ...... 1 r " i /-* /N1 I . ' ,1 , t* * ,
rest, I will ask the Secretary to read the passage
in the speech of the British Premier to which I ,
alluded. '!
The. Secretary then read the passage. It is as !'
follows:
'* The question of the Oregon teiritorv, no doubt, is not i
adjusted: but oa that if i* not mv^ai v that I should ad- i!
dte*s. the rfrm-e at iuu lenuth. With ic^poct to the course
which the \merie-tri ftovernmenf ha* taken, the noble lord j!
makes no ali<>w; i et  foi the position of a Government so ;
open to popular influence ns that of Amunea. We, how- ;
ever, deal with the Evocative Government, and not with the
Semite. We lmv<* proposed to thsitOovernrnent to consider
the meun* of effecting a conciliatory adjustment respecting
the Oregon termor), and we have met with no repulse, bui
have roeeived i^sunince-;, in reply to our proposition, that
the Kveentive Government of the United State* is anxious
lo come to an adjustment of thnt question; and we have
every reason to hope that, unless we revive the former ani-
mosity, and embitter the fooling between the two countries,
an attempt to settle that qne^ttoa hy negotntion will be sat-
isfactory. The noble loidsays mat the Senate ha5? passed a
Mr. CASS. Oh! that is the purport of it.
Mr. WEBSTER. What Mr. Wheaton said
was, that ho attributed the indisposition to the rat-
ification of the treaty of 1841, on the part of France,
to the treaty of Washington, of 1842.
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senatorwill see that
I have no reference to him, but to Mr. Wheaton—
a gentleman whom I know, and who is known to
many Senators here—a gentleman of high charac-
ter. But lie has fallen into an error in this case, as
I will show. I desire to set the matter right. I have
nothing to say about the Washington treaty. It is
a mere matter of history with me. But this is a
fact in which I do feel somewhat interested. Now,
the Ashburton treaty was confirmed by the Senate
on the 22d of August, 1842—ratified 13th October,
1842—proclaimed 10th November, 1849. [Mr. C.
also read from a despatch of his to the Secretary of
: State, February 20tli, 1842, as follows:
