628
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
" Paris, February 20, 1842.
t: I called on M. Guizot, and we had a veiy full conven-
tion on the whole afhur; but adding nothing to the decima-
tion, I did not think prop.'i to put any question to him
rejecting it. Ho told M'"> ?1*<> that my letter would he laid
befoje the King and Council on Sunday, when, I suppose,
the matter will he di-cu^ed,iimUome definitive ^tep adapted.
I Tiave not seen the Kmc for noaiU two wcek^, ;jnd r*;mnot
therefore i eport to vou 'ni~ \ ie\v.>. The news of the death ol
abrothen has jireventrd me fiora going to court iccently.
I entered fully with M. Gmzot into the consequences of a
war houveen E'i<il;inri and the United States. He did not
hesitate t<>  ay, that, m such event, there was reason to fear
the former would put m force her old pretensions, and that,
in six months. Franco mi>j;ht find In-r^elf compelled to le-
sist—that no Administration eould support itself here which
would not defend tho*e puneiples of maritime law that had
mi'lp alaigu part of the Fiench policy since the days of Louw
XIV. In thi< he is right, and says only what eveiy other
Fienehman says."
[Mr. C. also read from a despatch of February
22, 1849, as follows:]
1102d February, 1^40.
Anions' others, t have had a full convocation with M. '
Thiers. llu thinks it impossible the ministry should ratify
the treaty, and he bays that if they do they "will lose their |
plaeos. * * "* * * * - * r „ * ■
•• The fact is, that the pride of the Kmrlteh Government is
committed upon the ratification of tins treaty, ltsl'ailme ■
would be n fatal sttoke at the influence of Endand, and no
stone will he left unturned to avoid such dihsgraeu. lU*lbi« ,
closing this letter I w ill toll rem the ptosrieet* with as much
certaintj as I can collect theni.''' ;
'•'.Mill Fi:bru\ry. i
"You will see that the ratilieations of the tieatyhave ,
been exchanged at London, and that Franc? is out of tne ;
European concert. 1 saw M. Guiz.ot ycsterda\. to tell him, |
what I knew tlnoush Mr. Evi rett, that in the "last despatch -
from Lord Aberdeen he peif-i^tcd as suongly a& e\ ei in this
claim of search. Alter convening a little while upon the
subject, he told me he would answer my lettei in some
days."
" Fbbrc\ry 30th.
" I saw, also, M. Dupin. whose name is well known as
one of the fiist statesmen, and the fiv-t lawver of France.
He said to me, .speaking of the claim of visit, 'Pei-i^tm
your opposition to that unjust and ariogant pietension. All
France is with >ou '?>
Tho Chamber of Deputies ("Mr. O. continued)
adjourned on the 4th of June, ;nul then the Quin-
tuple treaty was as dead as if u had been buried
with the mummies in the tomb of the Pharaohs.
I am not aware that the public know the precise
day when the French Government announced
to that of England its definitive resolution on this
subject. !
Mr. WEBSTER. That's the very thing.
Mr, CASS. I beg pardon of the Senator. The
"very thing" is. whether that rejection was or.ca- :
sioned by the Washington treaty. The Washing- i
ton treaty was mtihed m August, and reached
Europe in September: but, as 1 have just satd, the ;
treaty of 1841 was as dead in .Time a a it eould pos-
sibly be. The rejection of it, forced by the French
people on the Government, had rung through Eu-
rope long before the latiiic.ition of the Washington
treaty. It is solely with regard to this anachronism
on the part of Air. Wheafon, that I had anything
to say. I have nothing to say about the treaty;
but, as I am up, I may allude to an idea which has
occurred to me, and which I would commend to
the gentlemen who may pursue this discussion. It
is this: how far the past avowal of a Government
affects the moral or Icjral character of an act pre-
viously committed ? Had McLeod been convicted
and executed before the past avowal of the British
Government, assuming the  esponsibility of the
act for which he had suffered had been communi-
cated, would not the legality of his conviction been !
untouched? !
Mr. WEBSTER. I hope the honorable mem- 1
ber from New York [Mr. Dickintson] will allow
me  !
Mr. DICKINSON. Certainly for an e::plana- ■
tion, if not tedious. 1
Mr. WEBSTER. Well, I believe, after all, the
gentleman bos not the floor, and there's no giving ;
up about it.
Mr. DICKINSON. Yes; I had the floor, and
yielded to the Senator from Michigan, who desired ;
to ask a question.
Mr. WEBSTER. I suppose, then, the Senator
will allow me to answer it. With regard to the
inquiry of my friend from Michigan, I have mere-
ly to say that this avowal is matter of evidence,
and acted backward according to a well-established
doctrine of law, furnishing competent evidence for
the discharge of the individual. That was the
reason why the Government here sen l official proof
in the case of McLeod, that the act was done un-
der the authority of the British Government. As
to the letter of Mr. Wheaton, in justice to thdt
j gentleman. I will read it, and refrain from entering
! at all into that subject.
| " Berlin, November 16, 3 842.
i c> Tho arrangement it (the Washington treatj) contains
on the subject of the African slave trade is particularly sat-
isfactory as adapted to secure the end proposed of the only
means consistent with our maritime rights. This arrange-
ment has decided tho course of the French Government in
' respect to this matter.'' " * * *
| Mr. CASS. The principle I wanted to get at
j was this; An act is committed, which at the time
I of commission is a crime. The British Govern-
! ment subsequently say, '' they will take that act
i upon themselves.** I'his assumption of responsi-
1 biiity does not change the character of the act. If
j the person commuting it hud been arrested in the
: country where committed, he is responsible to its
j laws. I understand tho British Government did
. not previously direct this act.
, Mr. WEBSTER. Not at all.
I Mr. CASS. Is there any evidence that the Brit-
ish Government directed the act?
; Mr. WEBSTER. Certainly: I gave it yester-
■ day.
; Mr. CASS. Tho past avowal does not alter the
1 piev ious character of the act.
' Mr. WEBSTER. I refer to the statement of
Mr. Stevenson, us far back as 1838, in which he
| demands reparation of the British Government*,
I and he states the case in this way, that the expe-
| dition was planned by the authorities of Canada,
i with the approval and direction of the Governor of
i Canada.
Mr. CASS. Does the gentleman mean to say
j that the British Imperial Government issued orders
I for the invasion?
Mr. WEBSTER. Of couise it was the Colonial
Government.
Mr. CASS. Tho Colonial Government has no
authority to make war. It has a natural right to
defend itself. But what we complain of is, that a
predatory baud from Canada entered the State of
New York, end there committed a murder.
Mr. WEBSTER. The honorable member has
not refreshed lus memory by reading the account
of the transaction. I refer him to "Mr. Van Bu-
ren's Message, which I read yesterday. The
whole matter is there stated up to the 4th of De-
cember, I8!i7. This transaction took place on the
29th of December, 1837. On the 4th, Mr. Van
Duron informs Congress that certain refugees in
Canada, escaping from the consequences of the rev-
olution there, had come to the United States, and
there funned a baud, together with many citizens
ol ours, and made war on the territory of citizens
of Canada ; that this led the Canadian authorities
to assemble troops for the defence, of Canada, and
which were actually in the field in order to resist
the aggressions from the side of the United States.
The defence of Canada was of course made under
the order of the military authorities of Canada.
This is Mr. Van Boron's account of the transac-
tion up to the 4th of December, 1837. Then the
military, being assembled by the authority of the
Canadian Government to resist the invasion of
those persons from the United States, did resist
that invasion—did resist their hostile attacks: and
on the 29th of December, die steamboat "Caro-
line" being, as they said, m the employment of
their assailants^ end bringing arms and ammu-
nition, and so on, from the American side, to Na\y
Island, in the British possessions, they did follow
her into the American port, and there destroyed
her, by authouty of the Canadian Government.
Mr. CASS. I will detain the Senator for one
moment. He does not touch the point. I under-
stand distinctly that the Canadian authorities de-
fended thciriseh e;s. This, I before said, they had a
right to do. But they had no right to invade the
territory of the United States. This could only be
done—for it was an act of war—by the Imperial
Government. Tho honorable Senator says, "they
invaded our territory." This, of course, was not
a defensive, but an offensive act. There is no doubt
of that. If done by the Canadian authority, it was
void and illegal, and all acting, mere trespassers. If
by orders from home, an armed band entered the
territory of the United States, it was an act of war,
and we were at wur with England. But this is not
pretend* d. Two coterminous countries are bound
to keep the pcace towards each other. If a predato-
ry band enters into one from the territory of the
other, without the proper authority, they are crim-
inals, and may he dealt with ss such; if all era
taken, they may all he punished, and"nc> demand of
satisfaction may be necessary. If they retreat, and
are protected, the Government thus protection
them assumes their acts, and is responsible ,f©r
them; but this responsibility relates to the satisfac-
tion—the original act remains the same, and is not
affected by subsequent circumstances. If Mc-
Leod entered New York without the previous au-
thority of the British Imperial Government, ami
killed a man, he was guilty of murder, and the na-
ture of the crime could not he changed, else we are
involved in this absurdity, that between .the com-
mission of the act and the avowal there is an inter-
val when the act js murder, and the criminal may-
be justly executed, though after the avowal the act
and the actor are both innocent. I speak of ah
avowal which does not assume to have direGted the
act in the first instance, but only to claim the re-
sponsibility.
i Mr. WEBSTER. Why, this is a .matter that
| certainly cannot be complicated. I suppose the
. gentleman admits that the Government and author-
' lties of Canada had a right to defend themselves.
Then, in the exercise of a right of self-defence,
they thought it proper, ana fit, and justifiable, to
follow an enemy into the territory of the United
States. They call it self-defence. The question
is whether it was justifiable self-defence. Certain-
ly there, cannot be any mistake about it.
Mr. CASS. I do not deny the right of self-de-
fence—I have already conceded it. But I thought
the honorable Senator put the justification of this
act upon the avowal by the British Government*
If committed in self-defence, as alleged, I do not
sec how it can be justified in any circumstances.
A vessel is seized while in the United States, either
because it had been or would be employed in an
enterprise against Canada. As to what had been
done, I presume no one will contend it could be
seized for that reason with a view to forfeiture or
punishment of those engaged; and as to its future
employment, they would have had the same right
to seize any other vessel on the Niagara straits on
the presumption that it would be employed to in-
vade Canada. The fact is, the act was an offen-
sive one.
Mr. DICKINSON, in reply to Mr. Webster,
occupied the floor of the Senate for nearly three
hours. As it is totally impossible to present, on
the spur of the moment, a faithful report of his
speech; and as no condensed view of it could be
given without manifest injustice to the course and
argument of the Senator, the readers of the Globe
arc referred to the Appendix, in which his remarks
will be published at length. He complained very
much of the unprovoked bitterness with which
his spccch on the Oregon question had been com-
mented on by the Senator from Massachusetts,
asserting that the distinguished Senator had not
only exceeded the rule of courtesy which governed
legislative discussion, but that he had lost sight of
justice, kindness,and magnanimity, in assailing so
severely a Senator as unaspiring as he professed
himself to be. In illustration of this, he quoted all
the passages in the speech of Mr. Webster which
related to himself,and pairied or repelled them, in
detail, as he proceeded; declaring, at the same
time, that the Senator from Massachusetts had ex-
hausted all his wit and eloquence in endeavoring to
turn his (Mr. D.'s) speech into ridicule, without
effecting any perfect vindication of his own course
in the negotiation and conclusion of the treaty of
Washington.
After Mr. DICKINSON had concluded,
Mr. MANGUM rose to address the Senate; but,
as it was nearly five o'clock,
The Senate adjourned.
I HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, Jipril 8, 1846.
! The Journal of yesterday having been read in
1 part—
j Mr. BRINKERHOFF moved that its further
j reading be dispensed with.
j The motion was not agreed to.
j The Journal was then read through, and ap-
. proved.
: Mr. BRINKERHOFF moved that the House
: resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
i state of the Union.
| THE SLAVE TKADE.
' Mr. ADAMS. I ask teavs at this time to offer
