1840.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-
629
Does the gentleman withdraw
a resolution, which I hope may be read for infor-
mation,
Mr. BRINKERHOFP. I feel every disposition
to yield the floor. Let the resolution be read for
information.
floo ^ the gentleman yield the
Mr. BRINKERHOFF. I wish to hear what
the resolution is.
And the resolution was read as follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
oe requested to cause to be communicated to this
House, if not incompatible with the public inter-
est, copies of the correspondence of George Wil-
ham Qbrdon, late consul of the United States at
liio Janeiro, with the Department of State, relating
to the slave-trade, in vessels and by citizens of the
United States, between the coast of Africa and
Brazil.
The SPEAKER
his motion ?
Mr. BRINKERHOFP said he did.
The resolution having been introduced—
The question was taken, and it was adopted.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF renewed his motion,
Mr. HENLEY asked leave at this time to intro-
duce a bill, of which he had heretofore given notice;
and, to enable him to do so, he asked the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Biunkerhoff] to withdraw his
motion. He (Mr. H.) seldom asked a favor of
this kind, and he hoped the gentleman would not
refuse it.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF declined to withdraw his
motion.
Mr. HENLEY. I am much obliged to the gen-
tleman.
Mr- LUMPKIN asked leave to offer a resolu-
tion.
But the motion of Mr. Brinkejihokk whs still
pending.
MOUNTED RIFLEMEN, ETC.
The question having; been taken and decided in
the affirmative, the House resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the stme of the Union,
(Mr. Chapman, of Alabama, m the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the bill from the Sen-
ate to provide for raising one regiment of mounted
riflemen, and for the establishment of military
stations on the route to Oregon; and of the amena-
ments thereto pending.
Mr. STANTON was entitled to the floor, and
addressed the committee for a short time. The
greater portion of his remarks way directed to cm
examination of some of the argument* advanced
ye-sterday cm the subject of Native Americanism.
Mr. S. then gave notice of his intention to offer
two amendments.
The first amendment wua a* follows:
In the third'line of die bill, strike out the word
4 one / and insert in lieu thereof the word * two.' "
The seeond amendment was in the words fol-
lowing:
uBe it fwiher mactcd> That the President in here-
by authorized to establish and put into operation,
at some suitable place within the Oregon terri-
tory, a furnace for the smelting and manufacture
of iron, in order to supply the army of the United
States, as well as emigrants, with that material;
and that the sum of $50,000 is hereby appropri-
ated for that purpose, out of any money in the j
treasury not otherwise appropriated."
Mr. S. briefly enforced theproprictyof the adop- ,
tion of the second amendment, He presumed ;
that no gentleman would question the power of;
the Government to create such an establishment.
The question was here put to Mr. S., (by whom j
the reporter could not learn,) whether iron was to '<
be found m any settled part of Oregon ?
Mr. S. said he did not know. He did not know
whether there was any furnace established in Ore-
fon. He supposed not, But one thing1 we did •
now; and that was, that iron was to be found on
the direct route to Oregon, and it was a matter of i
freat importance that such an establishment should
e created. The expense would bear but a small
proportion to the benefits which would result from ;
it. He did not intend by offering this amendment ;
(although he thought it was one of high import- ;
ance) to embarrass the bill; and he desired that i
two'regiments might be raised instead of one, be-
cause it would be carrying out the policy recom-
mended by the President, and the policy which
was necessary for the protection of our citizens.
Mr. GORDON said, that, as alUision had been
made to the opinions of the President, he would
take the liberty to read from the Message what his
recommendation on this subject was. The Presi-
dent said:
" For the protection of emigrants while on their
' way to Oregon, against the attacks of the Indian
' tribes occupying the country through which they
4 pass, I recommend that a suitable number of
* stockades and block-house forts be erected along
' the usual route between our frontier settlements
* on the Missouri and the Rocky mountains; and
1 that an adequate force of mounted riflemen be
' raised to guard and protect them on their jour-
1 ncj'."
Now, (continued Mr. G.,) in the opinion of the
President, it is necessary that, in this particular
service, there should he a particular force—a force
of mounted liilemen; and that the ordinary infan-
try fbrec of the country would not answer the pur-
pose. What is the ohje<t of establishing these
jj block-house forts, and stockades, and organizing
|j this fovea of mounted riflemen? It is not only to
protect eini^rnms on tlu-tr way to Oregon, but to
encourage their emigration thither. And unless
we are prepared to abandon, not only the asset tion
of our claims, hut our (laims themselves, to Ore-
gon, and to present ouiselves in opposition to the
President—we are hound to carry out his recom-
mendation, and, as I think, to establish this forcc
in that region of the country.
The gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. Stajjtok]
haw proposed an ummidment increasing the force
proposed by the hill from one to two regiments;
and if he e.nu succeed in ingrafting his amend-
ment on the hill, I have no doubt that he will de-
feat it.
,j Mr. STANTON rose to inquire whether the
gentleman intended to say that he (Mr. S.) had
offered the amendment with the view to defeat the
p hill >
jj Mr. GORDON. Nn. I do not hnlieve that the
<: gentleman offered the amendment uith a view to
defeat the hill. 1 believe that he is the friend of
ji the bill, especially coming as he does from the
!' Suite of Tennessee; hut 1 think he misjudges. I
j; think that hix friendship for the measure leads him
11 to propose an amendment, which, in my opinion,
!, if adopted, will certainly defeat I lie hill; becnusc
! the sense of the House has already been taken on
j this very proposition, which was decided m the
i] negative'.
! | Now, for the purpose of protecting emigrants on
their way to Oregon, ana of encouraging their
jj going there, 1 am m favor of having one regiment
11 of riilemen mounted, in whole, or m part, at the
jj discretion of the President, for this peculiar scr-
!: vice, between <he Missouri and the Rocky moun-
■ ! tains, us well as for the purpose of keeping the
|j Indians in ehee|v,ancl preventing hostilities on their
; part against our frontier settlers,
;j It has been said by those who ought to know,
h that the President already has the power to mount
\\ one or two of the present regiments of infantry,
;i and detail them tor this particular service. Wheth-
et it. is so or not, 1 cannot at this moment say;
; but I am so informed. The chairman of the Com-
! mittee of Ways and Means [Mr. McKvy} shakes
| his head. I understand htm to say that the Pros-
j idem enn convert them into riflemen, but not
j mount them. Upon this point 1 desire to say that
j 1 do not believe that the infantry of the regular
j army know anything more about riding a horse
| than old women. They are not horsemen, and if
1 it is requisite io have mounted riflemen fortius In-
; dian service, I do not believe that the infantry are
■ the men to mount. I know that the President is
! authorized by the bill which recently passed this
I House to innense the rank and fde of the regular
; army; and by so increasing it he has, in the opin-
! ion of some gentlemen, sufficient force for this ser-
! \ ice. I would rather that the President would
withhold the exercise of that power to increase the
rank and file, and organize tie novo from among the
men of the western country, if you please, this
regiment of mounted riflemen. For, I repeat, I do
not believe that the infantry soldiery know any-
thing more of the horseback riding in the Indian
country than so many old women. If we need
any force at all there, in my judgment, they are
not the force for this service. That a regiment of
mounted riflemen, or some mounted force in this
region, will he of essential sendee, we have the
evidence of the President himself in his Message;
we have already exhibited a mounted force in that
region, and we have the testimony of the President
as to the effect which its appearance there has had
on the Indian tribes. The President says:
" During the last summer the first regiment of
' dragoons made extensive excursions through the
' Indian country on our borders, a part of them ad-
4 vancing nearly to the possessions of tlie Hudson's
' Bay Company in the north, and a part as far as
4 the South Pass of the Rocky mountains, and the
4 headwaters of the tributary streams of the Colo-
' rado of the West. Tne exhibition^ this mili-
(tary force among the Indian tribes in those dis-
' tan! regions, and the councils held with them by
4 commanders of the expeditions, it is believed,
* will have a salutary influence in restraining them
' from hostilities among themselves, and maintain*
' in^ friendly relations between them and the Uni-
* ted States.s'
So that this forcc (continued Mr. G.) is neces-
sary in order to maintain a friendly disposition to-
wards the United States, on the part of the Indian
tribes. But I am in favor of a mounted regiment
particularly, because it is to protect and encourage
emigration to the territory of Oregon. Here, m
thisTIouse, wc have passed the notice to terminate
the joint occupancy of the Oregon territory between
the United States and Great Britain. It has gone
to the Senate. It is there delayed, and there are
some gentlemen who are unwilling to send a hill of
this character to the Senate, until it is known
whether the notice will pass that body or not. In
relation to that matter, I have to say that we will
do our duty, and leave the Senate to do its duty.
We will not pass or withhold measures here, on
speculation as to what the Senate will or will not
do. If this measure, or any one of the measures
lecommemled by the President in relation to Ore-
gon, is to fail, and we, m the lace of the civilized,
world, are to back out from our position, to quail
before British power, to see all these measures fail,
for God's alike let the glory or the shame of the
failure of these measures belong to the Senate, and
not to the House of Representatives. I repeat, if
these measures are to fail, if we are to take back
all we have said, if we are not to have stockades'
and block-houses, nor a mounted force, nor the
pas^a^c of the. notice, let us discharge our duty to
the Constitution, to the country, and to God, taking
the responsibility of our own measures; and if they
fail in the Senate, leave to that body the glory
or the shame of their defeat. I hope that the
amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee will
not prevail; I hope that he will reconsider his pro-
position, because, as I have said, I believe that it
will defeat the bill, I may be mistaken, but I'
think that the sentiment and judgment of this
House are in favor of one regiment of mounted.'
riflemen, and, in my opinion, that will answer the
great purpose recommended by the President.
Mr. STANTON (Mr. G. yielding the floor)
desired to make a su^estion. The gentleman ar-
gued that his (Mr. S.'s) amendment would defeat
the bill. If he (Mr. 6.) thought so, he would
withdraw it; but he desired to suggest, that if the
amendment was voted down, there would of course
be an end of it.
The CHAIRMAN said that amendment was
not now in order. ' *
Mr. STANTON was understood to 'say, that as
the committee were discussing the bill, he supposed*
it was in order to givp notice of the amendment/
Now, unless the gentleman supposed that some
members would vote for the amendment, with the
intention of killing the bill, it was certain thatic
could not have that effect. If there were members
enough willing to vote for one mounted regiment,4
then they certainly could defeat any proposition,
the effect of which might be to kill the bill.
Mr. GORDON (concluding.) I have no inten-
tion to inflict an hour's speech upon the commit-
tee. I rose simply to state the reasons why I
should vote for the Senate bill to raise one regiment
of mounted riflemen; and why I should be glad to-
sec it pass as one of the measures recomnicndcd
by the President to carry out the avowed policy'
of this Government in relation to the Oregon ter-
ritory.
Mr. G. W. JONES wished to understand this
matter before he voted upon it. He referred to th'fc
action of the House, heretofore taken, authorizing
the President to increase the rank and file of the
army. It was the opinion of the House, he be-*
lieved, at the time u passed that bill, that it author-
