632
THE CONGRESSIONAL GI&BE.
AprilE,
bestow a little attention, as he believed he knew
to whom the gentleman referred. He understood
him to allude to the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Colonel Tibbatts.]
The CHAIRMAN reminded the gentleman
that it was not in order to call gentlemen by their
names. , _ , , , ,
Mr SAWYER. Well, I will take that back,
then ' It was understood that a large petition was
got up recommending the appointment of the gen-
tleman as colonel. There were other gentlemen,
he did not caie whether it was the gentleman from
Kentucky or yourself, (addressing the Chairman,) j
or any man from any other portion of the Union, p
so that he was ns well qualified as lie took the
gentleman from Kentucky to be. He wanted a
man at the head of this regiment wlio had the |
requisite natural good sense, and the proper expe- 1
riencc and discipline in regard to the nature of tiiis ,
peculiar service, if he undertook this Oregon ex-
pedition; and a man whose gcneial qualifications ,
would be an inducement to many young men who '1
live in the West to enlist, with the full assurance :
that if they enlist i.i this regiment under such a \,
commander—as he believed they would do in suf-
ficient numbers and without hesitation—that they
would be so conducted as to render the service
efficiently, to do honor to themsel\es and then
Government, and to be protected in tneii own li\es
and interests so far as their gallantry and bravery
under the direction of a leader who understands ;
his business would protect them. I;
The objection had been urged by some gentle- !
men, that when tliey made up this regiment, it ji
would be composed of the loafers and vagabonds
of the country. Sir, (said Mr. S.,) that will be ,<
the effect, if you put at their head a man that they j
have not confidence m; that is the fact. Me
would be glad if it could be done, to see the ofli- j(
cers of this regiment chosen by the companies i,
themselves after their organization; but, that, ho :
undertook to say, could not be done, for the Con- .
stitution itself intervened and prevented, giving au-
thouty to the President to make the appointments. |
Well, he was perfectly willing to leave it in the ;
hands of the President to select, citizens, if he i
chooses, or men from the regular army; and he j!
had the utmost confidence m the intelligence of the I
President, that he would select the citizens only j
calculated for this peculiar service. _ j
But lie was astonished to see this proposition j
coming from the quarter from which it had cmaua- 11
ted. His friend from the same State near him :
[Mr. Rathbu.s] he thought would make no such
proposition, nor did he think a majority of the |
Representatives of the State of IS'ew York would
sustain it. i;
[Mr. Ratiibum indicated ui.-j fo-vor to Lie amend- j;
ruent.] ,
I am astonished (continued Air. b.) tnat my ,
friend on my left savs he is in favor of it. Now, ,
I undertake to say that from the State of New York .;
this objection ought not to come. Let them look !•
for a moment (and he had been at some pains to ji
ascertain the facts) and see how many persons there
were in the army from New York, and from the ■
other States of the Union; and he had mmlejhis '
examination in anticipation of his friend from Ken- ■
tucky being appointed to that place, and lie had
looked at that gentleman's State to see how many /
officers of the armv it now has. He had the whole ,
number in the army, and, m addition to that, he
had the number of officers in the navy^from the |1
different States; and he found that New York has ,,
now 182 officers in the army, aod that Kentucky :
has 36, (the least of any Statcm the Union in pro ;
portion to its nopulation.) Kentucky, Ohio, and ;
Georgia stand'at the tail of the list, and Virginia ;
and New York at the head; and it came with a
bad grace, it appeared to him, from that quarter,
to ask that the President be deprived fiom select- j
ing from the ranks of the people, \vhen_ he sees a :
man well versed in the military tactics ol the coun- 1,
try as are tiiose educated at Vv"est Point; and, per- ■■
nnt him to say, with four times as much natural
sense as those who had been thoic receding their
education in so much style at the public expense, i
He had instituted tins comparison to show—and
he intended to use it on another occasion to show •
more fully the situation of things m ivg.n-d to the
different States iii this respect. From New l'ork
there were 183 officers in the army, from Ohio
there were 28; and from Georgia still less; and yet,
sir, if the President, in his discretion, should see
! proper to select a man from Georgia, from Ken-
i tucky, or from Ohio, he is proposed to be prOhibit-
! ed—by whom ? By those who have four times
| their proportionate number already, by the wilful
| act and intention of these individuals. He put it,
i then, to the sense of this House whether, under
! the circumstances, they would assent to this unjust
i limitation and restriction of the discretionary pow-
j er of the President in selecting his officers from
i those best qualified for the service ? And he asked
' gentlemen if they had a son, a neighbor, or a friend,
! who wished to enlist in the army, whether they
I would prefer him to be led by a man who is sup-
I posed at least well to understand the nature Of his
: business at the West, or would they prefer him to
■ be led by a gentleman who lias spent his whole life
in the barracks, and in the ease and luxury of the
Military Academy at West Poin I ? It was a ques-
tion for every gentleman to take home to himself;
and when he should have answered it, Mr. S.
thought he would be decidedly against the pro- .
posed amendment of the gentleman from New j
York.
Mr. S. would no longer occupy the attention of |
the committee. !
Mr. RATHBUN obtained the floor, and yielded :
to ;
Mr. G. W. JONES, who gave notice of the fol- |
lowing amendment: . ]
" Strike out from the word ' that' in the first line ;
to, and including riflemen in the second line, and <
insert ' the President of the United States be, and j
he is hereby authorized to accept volunteers who |
may offer their service as mounted riflemen, not
exceeding'on.' regiment, to serve for two years af- i
ter they shall have arrived at the place of rendez- !
vous, unless sooner discharged.' Strike out from ;
the word 'war'm the 3d lme 3d section, to and in-
eluding the word ' limitation' in the 5th line. 1
There was an evident disposition in many por-
tions of the committee to rise.
Mr. UATHllUN declined to yield, and proceed-
ed with his remarks at a late hour, of which we
give the points.
He should not have troubled the committee (he
said) had it not been for the remarks of the gentle-
man from Ohio, who had just taken his seat. The
gentleman had been devoting his talents to the
science of mathematics for the purpose of demon-
strating the excessive number of officers in the
army from New York, and the excessive neglect
of Kentucky and Georgia. Now, if the gentle-
man had worked out by" the rule of three, his own
problem, he would have found that instead of com-
plaining of Kentucky, Kentucky had just twice as
much as she was entitled to, in comparison with
New York. He cited the statistics which had led
him to this conclusion, and to the conclusion also
that Georgia had not so much to complain of as
the gentleman supposed.
Now,in 1-egaid to the gentleman fromKentucky,
[M r. Th,batts,] if any man was to be taken from
the ranks of the people, and put in the place indi-
cated by the gentleman from Ohio, he (Mr. R.)
was one of the last men who would object to tile
gentleman's candidate. lie had none; he had sent
iio petition for officers; he had no candidates for
offices to be created by raising one regiment, or (
one hundred regiments. We had already some ;!
three, four, or five times as many officers in the j
army as we could employ; if they were, unfit for
this service, discharge them; get rid of them, be- , j
fore we add any more to their number. But he
had yet to learn that we had not as good men in ,
the regular army to perform this service as could
be found in this House,or in the country. Where J
was Fremont and his men, and Kearney and his -
men? Mr. R. alluded to the indefatigable energy ;
and bravery of these gentlemen, and the hardships ,
they hove endured, and considered them, or selec- i
tioiis from their men, as well or better qualified
than those who would be selected from civil life. |
He scouted the idea put forth, that western men 1
! only weie qualified to officer this regiment; stating
that it would not be the men who wear the hunt- .
ins; shirt who were likely to receive the office, but
some fortunate one of tlie numerous candidates
who were already on the ground urging their
claims; and he contended that men properly select-
ed from Virginia, from New York, or other States,
were equally with western men qualified and equal-
ly acquainted, not perhaps with the valley of the
Mississippi, but with what was quite a different
1 thing, with the three thousand miles of wild, un-
country over which our emigration to Ore-
gon passes, and where their services Would be re-
quired. _ ■
Mr. R. had seen no change in the state bf aflkirs
to require this additional regiment; since the pas-
sage by the House of this bill to inbrease the riui}£
and file of the army, and the refusal to raise twi>
regiments of dr&goons; and he was not prepared,
until some new cause was shown, to go for a further
merease. In the bill which they had sent to 'thlj
Senate they had provided For an increase of thfe
army greater in amount than two regiment^,, arid
greater than was asked for by the Comifttee on
Military Affairs, but without providing for a latg%
increase of officers. He dwelt upon the evils to
be apprehended from creating these offices, and
leaving them to be filled from eivil life, -or from
the army, as the President might think proper, aad
urged the propriety in case the regimftnt was de-
termined to be raised, of their stepping in to'relieve
the President, in the manner indicated by the
amendment of his colleague, [Mr. White,] lim-
iting the selection of the officers to the officers o'f
the regular army, of the trouble to which, without
it, he must necessarily be subjected, fronrthe per-
tinacity with which the claims of the three thou-
sand applicants for these offices would be urgeil
upon him by themselves and their friends.
Mr. GORDON inquired if Congress were able,
under the Constitution, to prescribe to the Presi-
dent, who has the appointing power, from what
particular class these officers should be taken ?
Mr. RATHBUN considered that they had, that
they might, without transcending the limits of their
jurisdiction, determine that the number of officers
m the army should not be increased, and then the
President would make this selection out of the pre-
sent list of supernumeraries.
Mr. R. touched upon some other points, and
yielded the floor for explanations and inquiries to
Mr. Davis, of Mississippi, and Mr. Haralson.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsy 1 vania,'■appealed
to the committee, as this matter had been discussed
long enough, to act upon this question, and to kct
promptly.
He would like to know (he said) if the gentle-
man from New York, wh^-was unwilling to vote
for this regiment, whether lie liad gone into that
full examination which showed him that it was
not necessary? Mr. T.took the recommend&tkms
of the President, the Secretary of War, Captain
Fremont, and those who had examined the sub-
ject, sustained as they were by the facts of the
case; and should vote for this force, which was
asked for by those who had the responsibility of
this subject.
He referred to the dangers of the route; the ne-
cessity for protection to our emigrants, such-as con-
templated; expressed his sense of the importance
of energy of action on this subject, and his fore-
bodings, that notwithstanding the strong desires of
the President to the contrary, years would elapse
before the final settlement of the question; and
closed with a renewal of his appeal to gentlemen
to pass this bill without amendment, as it came
from the Senate, so that the regiment under it may
be organized and ready for action by the first of
May, about which time the emigration commenced.
He proposed to move that the committee 1'tse and
report the bill; but a disposition in some, parts man-
ifesting itself not to close the debate in this way,
he waived that motion, and moved that the commit-
tee rise, with a view to the adoption of a resolution
in the House for the termination of the debate.
The motion being agreed to, the committee rose
and reported.
THE DEAF AND DUMB.
Mr. McCLERNAND (leave having been de-
nied) made a motion to suspend the rules, to ena-
ble him to offer a resolution granting the use of the
Hall, to-morrow evening, for the use of the New-
York institution for the instruction of the deaf and
dumb.
No quorum voted.
THE DEBATE.
Mr. HARALSON desired to offer a resolution
terminating the debate on the bill under discussion
in committee to-morrow, at one o'clock.
But as no quorum had voted on the motion of
Mr.McClernand, and no business could be trans-
acted,
The House adjourned.
