1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
683
t_ IN SENATE.
Thursday, Jlpril 9, 1846.
Mr. OORWIN presented the petitions of citi-
zens of Portage and Summit counties, Ohio, asking
the establishment of a mail-route from Warren to
Hudson, in that State; which were referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the remonstrance
of citizens of Oneida county, New York, against
the.renewal of a patent heretofore granted to Jeth-
ro Wood; which was laid on the table,
f, Mr, CAMERON presented several petitions of
citizens of Pennsylvania, praying an alteration of
the Constitution of the United States, with refer-
ence to the abolition of slavery; the motion for the
reception of which was laid on the table.
Mr. ATCHISON submitted the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be authorised
to contract with Charles Prcuass, the assistant of Captain
Fremont in hid expedition to the Ttocky mountains, Oregon,
and North California, for compiling a topographical map nf
the travelling route from the mouth of the Kansas, on the
frontier of Missouri, to the main Columbia river, where Ihe
emigrants usually embark on the river, and det-cend by
water to the lower Columbia; the said map to be compiled
from the original notes, journals, arid sketches of Captain
Fremont, ami his u^istant, Charles Pronto, taken in the
field, unit from actual observation, in addition to the UMial
topography of the country over which the route passes.
Also the latitude and longitude of remarkable places, the
elevations of the country above the Gull1 of Mexico by the
barometer at certain distances, the tomperature of the air
by the thermometer at sunrise and noon of each day, the
state of the weather, and the course of the winds; al.so at
sunrise and noon of each day. Also to show every night
encampment, and every noon-day halt, with the wood,
water, grass, lulls, mountains, praiuea, rivets, creeks,
branches, springs, lakes, pools, and pond*, crossed over tir
seen in the expedition, the whole to be correctly laid down
from positive observations by the eye, or instruments: and
also that the *aul Secretary lie authorised to eontJact wirh
a competent person for lithographing the same,
Mr. CAMERON, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, reported a bill lo provide for the settle-
ment of the accounts of Wilutmi D. Slaughter, late
Secretary of the Territory of WiHconsin; which
was read, and passed to the second rending.
CHANGE OF DUTIES IN NAVAL BUREAUS.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the hill
to change the distribution of ditties among the sev-
eral naval bureaus.
Mr. ARGHKH expressed a hope that the sub-
ject would be allowed to lie over for a few days,
to enable him to inquire into the merits of the bill.
Mr. FAIRFIELD had no objection to the prop-
osition, and the subject was therefore passed over
informally.
DIPLOMATIC CORRESPONDENCE.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the res-
olution submitted by Mr. J. M. Clayton, calling
on tlio President for copies of any Oregon corre-
spondence.
Mr. ATCHISON arose and said, ho did not
Uilteavery deep interest in the resolution, yet he
would vote for it. It was only two weeks since,
in an answer given to a call made by the Senator
from New Jersey, they had received a message
from the President, in which he slated that, nothing
had transpired since the meeting of Congress to ;
change his opinion, then expressed, aa to giving i
the notice to Great Britain, with a view to the ab-
rogation of the convention for joint occti|«ition of
the Oregon territory. Upon that assurance, and
taking the opinion of the President of the United
States as his guide, lie was ready and willing to
vote for the notice; indeed, he had been ready Cor
the three last years. Since the time he first had tlio
honor of taking a seat in that Senate, he thought
there was a propriety in tlio thing itself, without
any intimation from the President of the United
States. He had uniformly voted for similar reso-
lutions as that before them, calling for information
on that subject. He was still willing, and would
continue, from week to week, to vote for such mo-
tions, until that great question should be settled. !
If the resolution was prompted by nothing more j
than curiosity to know what had taken place, it ;
was, in his opinion, a laudable curiosity. He I
thought it ought to be known what had been done, ■
what had transpired between the Governments of j
the United States and Great Britain. The Presi- |
dent could communicate to the Senate just as much j
as, in his opinion, was hot detrimental to the pub- ;
lie interests. Hence he could see nothing wrong, jj
nothing to embarrass the President of the United ||
States; nor could he see anything like distrust, so
far as their action was concerned. He had dis-
covered no reason for charging any Senator with
expressing distrust of the President, least of all
from the uniform course of the Senator from Dela-
ware, could they accuse him of it; for, since his
speech in the early part of this debate, he had al-
ways looked upon him as one of the most devoted
friends of the notice. Now, he (Mr. A.) was
himself anxious for light on the subject, but per-
haps for different reasons from Senators on the
other side. He, (Mr. A.,) for one, if there was
anything in the State correspondence—in any com-
munication the President should make indicating
that he desired the notice for the purpose of ma-
king a compromise on the parallel of 49°, would
refuse to give the notice. On the other hand gen- :
tlemen thinking differently, on finding it his inten- !
tion to use the notice as a weapon, and to act upon !
the true spirit of the declaration in his Message, i
that it was now necessary to assert our jurisdic- i
tion as was claimed, for that reason, might refuse :
to vote for the notice. He, lor one, would not j
vote tn favor of yielding any portion of our terri-,
tory. But he wanted all the light the President'
could give them; not that he distrusted him, for j j
time aiid again lie, for one, had expressed his con- j;
fidenceill the President. He would take the in-11
formation imparled in his Message as expressive !
of his opinion as far as it went; but, at the same !'
time, he had no objection to further light on the j
subject. |
Mr, isEVlER expressed his regret that he should
ill this instance, dili'cr from Ins fViend from Mis- *
souri, and thai he could not vote for the resolution ]
of his friend from Delaware. Hut he had some 1
reasons for believing that there was nothing in the
Stale I >opartmeiu that could have the slightest >
bearing upon iheipiesn.in. There might possibly ;
be sonic confidential communications from our Mm- 1
ister m England, containing Ins opinions as to the j
result ot the action of'the two Governments on the !
Oregon question. 15ut suppose this lesolution to 1
be passed, the President must either refuse to an- j
swer the call, and by doing so lead the public to !
believe that there was something important which !
was concealed, and thus cicalt expectation and sur- :
mise, or he must comply with the lesolution, and ,
| disclose mailers perhaps which ought not to be dis-
; closed, and show his hand lo the British Minister. '
I He believed, if the resolution passed and was com-
plied with by the President, the answer would con-
tain suggestions from our Minister, und nothing
more. I le was ready at all times to vote for any
proper call foi information touching domestic mat-
ters', but, in ic:,;nid to the foreign relations of the
Government, it was the duty of the President, un-
der the < 'oiistilulion, to lay before Congress from
time to time such iniormation as he might be in
possession of. But here it was proposed to bring
lhfo fins Chamber and publish confidential state-
ments of our Minister m England, by which our,
adversaries m the negotiation could avail tliom- |
selves of his calculations. It appeared to him there jj
was something wrong in all tins. lie. thought it !'
was pushing the thins fun tier than H was proper !|
to push 11. He cured not what the information li
might Ik:—whether m favor of 4ilor54 40, or any-
thing else—he would vote for the "nouce;" he
would vow for it nt all events. For these reasons
he regretted exceedingly that ho could not vote for
his friend's resolution;'he regretted to give a vote
which would in the lemotest" degree have the ap-
peal mice of a disposition to deprive him of the light
of information, but he felt it his duty to vote
agninrtt it.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON said the Senator from
uncalled for, regarding the foreign relations of the
Government. The wuids of the Constitution were, j
that the President should communicate from time 1
to time information " on the state of the Union," j:
and recommend to the attention of Congress such il
mcitsiues as he deemed necessary. The President l|
might very properly, without violating that clause i
of the Constitution, withhold the information. He
did not'mean to be understood as saying that die
President would withhold any information from
Congress which he might, without detriment to
the public intcicst, communicaic. But this he
would say, that he thought it was*'the duty of the
Senate, under all the circumstances of the case, to
call upon the President for all the information in
his possession, and which in his judgment it would
not be improper to communicate. If there were
such communications from our Minister abroad as
: the Senator had suggested, the President would of
course not disclose them.
But he did not desire to detain the Senate, and
he would not have troubled them with a single re-
mark, but for some remarks which were made by
! the Senator from Ohio yesterday, and which he
had not an opportunity of replying to at the time,
in consequence of the Senate immediately proceed-
ing to the consideration of the special order. The
Senator had charged upon the Senate of the United
; States that its action in reference to the Oregon
question had paralyzed the arm not only of the
Executive, but of the whole Government. This
declaration, or something similar to it, he had heard
two or three times repeated by the honorable Sen-
ator, the chairman of the Committee on Foreign:
Relations, tie did not understand precisely what
it was to which the Senator alluded as paralyzing
the arm of ihe Government. Did he mean that
the protraction of the debate had paralyzed the
arm of the Government, or did he mean something
which had occurred in the debate ? If the Senator
meant the former, he had only to say that the honor-
able Senator had had his full share in paralyzing the
arm of the Executive. He had consumed as much
time, and more, in debate than any one on that
floor, and done more to protract the debate than
any other Senator there. The honorable Senator
had provoked more irrelevant discussion than any
other man upon the floor of the Senate. Who was
it that sturted the discussion of the Noitheastern
boundary question, which had consumed three
days' time; It was the honorable Senator himself,
in the speech which he made at the opening of the
debate, by denouncing the treaty of Washington,
and calling in question the wisdom of the negotia-
tors. The honorable Senator made it the duty of
the former Secretary of State, now a Senator, to
enter into a vindication of that treaty, and of his
conduct in its negotiation.
The honorable gentleman [Mr. Webster] was
certainly not to be censured for that, for the course
taken by the chairman had led him into it. lie
(Mr. C.) was willing that the Senate should share
all just responsibility with the Executive. He
was not willing that a single Senator should escape
from his just portion of it. He did not think that
the Senate deserved the censure which the honor-
able Senator had cast upon it for the course which
it had chosen to take upon this great question of
giving notice to England. There had been a di-
versity of opinion among Senators, but it was an
honest difference, and many of them had been
anxious from the beginning of the discussion to
obtain all the light and all the information possible.
He hud seen no manifestation of feeling which
did not, become the Senate, and therefore utterly
denied the charge made by the honorable Senator,
that the Senate had paralyzed the arm of the Gov-
ernment, or that the chargcs made against it from
any quarter were true, tliat it had acted on any
but the highest and most honorable motives on the
question.
Mr. ALLEN followed. He did not intend to
renew the discussion that morning, or intend to
make more than a few remarks in rGply to the Sen-
ator from Delaware, [Mr. Clayton,] as an act of
justice to himself. The Senator was greatly in
error, or rather was in a great error, in supposing
he (Mr. A.) had charged anything on the Senate.
Wliat he said, and what appeared in Ins reported
remarks, not corrected byliim, but still reported
correctly, was, that the effect of the action of the
Senate would be, not to paralyze the arm of the
Executive alone, but the arm of the Government,
including the aggregate of its parts—the President,
Congress, &c. He did not mean to say it was the
intention of the Senate to paralyze the arm of the
Government, but he said that would be the conse-
quence of the proceedings they witnessed there.
And what were those proceedings ? Why, they
were delay, hesitation, and a course of discussion
calculated to encourage Great Britain to advance
claims, and press them, as he had said before, to
the sword's point. When, he would ask, had
Great Britain such a strong title made out as had
been made out for her during the discussion of the
matter in that body? Where was an English State
paper; where was a speech of any member of Par-
liament; where was a solitary English newspaper
