1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
635
over the wide surface of the country too exten-
sively to be ever collected in one pile, and anni-
hilated by the fire of a night. It was well for
truth, that the ever-enduring records of the Sen-
ate' changed not, and did not lie, but spoke as often
as the returning sun-light of to-day, the same lan-
guage to all and every man that read them. It
was well for truth, that these Journals were spread
abroad, open to the eye of the undivided masses,
and that their contents could be referred to to sup-
ply the frail recollection of men. Let them see,
then, how new the line of 54® 40' was. Let them
sfee when the first foot-print was placed upon that
line. Let them see who placed it there. He
would speak not of this great man's name, nor
that. He had long since ceased to be governed
by names—long since. Much rather would he
be governed by things. What proposition was
there, on both sides, of which great and virtuous
names might not be invoked! He dealt not,
therefore, with men. His own experience in hu-
man affairs—ay, his own experience in the Senate
of the United States, had told him that great names
did not always hold a fixed and changeless posi-
tion. No, no; he dealt not with names. He
dealt with the acts of bodies. He would not go
into a past generation; he would .sec what organic
body 
Mr. McDUFFlE here remarked, that perhaps
the gentleman, if ho intended to proceed, would bee
the propriety of asking the indulgence of the [Sen-
ator from North Carolina, [Mr." Manoum,] who
had the floor on the special order, and that in re-
spect to him he would move the special order.
Mr. ALLEN. Certainly; if the Mumuor de-
sired to proceed he (Mr, A.) would instantly de-
sist, and resume his remarks the first opportunity.
The resolution was then passed over informally,
and the Senate proceeded to the consideration of
THE SPECIAL OTtDEH—"THE NOTICE."
Mr. MANGUM addressed the Senate, He said
that until recently he had not expected to take any
part in this debute; and tliat in what lie how pro-
posed to oiler, ho should make no rel'pienee tu the
question of utlc. l.le fell an abiding conviction
that the whole mutter had rome before Congress
improperly. 1 to cnleitained not « pai ink- of doubt
that the question never could have been thrown
upon Congress unless as a war or war mean-
tire. He held it to be incontrovertible that there
was no direct or delegated aiitliurity bv which Con-
gress could in any way affect an existing treaty,
either amending, altering, or abrogating it, the ef-
fect of'which would bo "to involve the country in
war. But incontrovertible as it was, it was useless
to present that view. He mi«ht appear singular
in that view. The only coincidence of opinion
with him on that point had been the iiilimniion.s
which had fallen that morning from the Senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun.) The Sen-
ate and Executive made treaties. Congress acted
by majorities. The power of treaty-making was
one highly restricted by the Constitution—the .Sen-
ate—two-thirds of it—and the Executive possessed
the power- It was exclusive. He contended that
the Congress had no power of making or breaking
a treaty; yet it might indirectly do no. He was
aware that a precedent was sought to be estab-
lished in the abrogation in 1798 of the treaty be-
tween France ana the United States. That was
a quasi war measure—which only in good faith
could have happened in consequence of a defective
carrying out of the stipulations on the part of
France. But the present was a treaty containing
the special provision for "notice" of abiogation by
either party. lie alluded to the terms "contracting
parties." He asked what was their constitutional
construction? Were they not greatly restricted?
And could treaties be negotiated or abrogated in
any other form ? He thought, therefore, that the
notice should be given, if given at all, only by ap-
plication to the treaty-making power. Suppose ,
there were any doubts on the subject, he appealed i
to the Senate if there was not a preponderance of
the scale in favor of the views he had presented? ■
It was a total reversal of all their principles of Gov-
ernment, to be called on to vote on such a question
-without possessing all the information in the hands !
of the Executive.' What right lias the Executive
to call on us to perform an act, while he withholds '
the information to give light to our action? In j
what age did they live, that an Executive, in a t
Government of free and written constitutions, i
11 should call on the Senate to act, not on their re-
sponsibility, but on the responsibility of the Ex-
ecutive? The idea was odious to liberty. It might
be that the body—a majority of it—might not have
confidence, official or personal, in the Executive;
and yet they were to act in blind faith in such a
one. If such a principle were recognised, these
halls might as well be closed. Why not, in such
a case, charge the Executive with the whole duty
of the foreign relations of the country? Why
change the Senators into machines, to be acted
! upon by the wire-pulling power of the Executive ?
He could not imagine a grosser prostitution of the
1 character and oilier: of Senator. If it was the Fa-
ther of his Country—in these days almost sacrile-
gious to name—who was the Chief Magistrate of
the country, he would repel the doctrine, that by
his faith in that high functionary he (Mr. M.)
should be called on to act blindfold. He had saitl
this much from a profound conviction in his own
mind that his position was utterly impregnable.
! He had been astonished that that view of the case
had not before been presented. He had eoimnuni-
cated with the ablest jurists of the country, and all
entertained the same opinion. But they were told
that I lie notice was a mere peace measure—that it
was piovided for ill the treaty. That was true ill
ji the abstract, liut was it true in the present circum-
lj stance,*—when, umler the excitement, menaces,
jj and all that he would not designate, it seemed to
[( st ek \\ ill' at all eventa > He thought not. In his
ij deliberate jud^nu-ii!, anil Willi all r< spoct to the
constituted authorities of the country, he never
!, knew a ruse that had been so "boulied"—afwa\s
,, assuinini;', us was gnen out, that the pttiposes of
'j the Kxmiiiu" wcic puipose-. of piace. VV hell w.is
l' it ever known btlbie tiiat stieii a subjert had been
!; Ill that stage llit'owil before t 'onvress ' Wlieie eiM-
I! was the prei'tdent ami icasou, mat, m questions of
, that soi i, the S'-uait- :-at Willi closed doois r if war
;; way intended, the course was einnieuiiy piojici.
Hut was that tin; profession of the i^eiulrnian-
i Was there a f;eiitleiniiii in il>at chamber who did
not say lie desired pi ace? Only one or two—the
'' honorable Si-nutm- from Michigan, (Mr.Ciss,) and
I one or two others, wcie apprehensive of wai.
II He (Mr, M.) thought the iiusmuimgi niuit of
;! tlic case had resulted fiom making it a puny qtics-
;' lion. The 11 roi arose at the liullimore convention.
That wus the first instance m the lustoiy of the
j, country in which a popular assemblage took 111
ij luuut the management of the foreign relations of
j the country. That error was too s ;adily followed
up mid persisted in in the Inaugural Address, and
; the subsequent policy of the Administration. The
,j little band with wliont he had the honor of being
!i associated, was eminently conservative. They
were known to be opposed to war. There wus
'j anuttier band—a poitiou of the victorious IJeliio-
I < raitc party—also known to be favorably disposed
to u peaceable settlement of the question. The
process of President-making wus one wlueh oo-a-
h sionally threatened .seriously the sal'uty of the ma-
il chine. If there was anything peculiar m the elmr-
Ij acter of the American |>«op!e, u was a strong pie-
|, disposition to war. There was no nation in which
; there existed so strong a proclivity to pugnacity,
il When every man cairied with him a portion of
ij lhe national sovereignty, it required no rirepaiation
; of the. national heart tor war when the national
ij honor was supposed to be affected. Their plain
!! fcllow-ciu?,ens,.*ittii'ed in linsey-woolsey, were more
!i keenly alive to national insult, or imagined nation-
al insult, than any other people on the face of the
, earth. Well, then, it was amongst such a people
1 that the firebrand of this Oregon question had
been recklessly flung. And when the Senate came
to discuss the question, it was unfortunately found
,; that it was no longer a party question. Gentlemen
i had scattered this firebrand in all directions, defy-
;j ing any calculations, a priori, as to the result
i They had most intricate dialectics in the President's
I Message. He was not disposed to go into it.
ii Mr. x\l. then proceeded to spcakof what was,
1 in his judgment, u very obvious contradiction be-
tween the Message and the entire want of military
preparations. He insisted that there was a gross
| incongruity between the extreme pretensions of
i the President and the absence of commensurate
! warlike preparations. It was found that a division
I had taken place in the Democratic, party, and, to
i gratify the Hotspurs of the party, as they had been
called, it was necessary to make some "movement
in the way of military preparation. Then came
the resolutions of the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
; i Cass,] calling- upon the different departments for
, \ information m reference to what additional force
j would be required for the defence of the country,
;i which, he would state from good authority, were
Ij introduced upon consultation with the Executive,
!j and with his assent.
ij Mr. CASS said that that was the feet. He had
intimated to the President and Secretary of State
j; his intention of offering such resolutions, and no
!; opposition was made.
'j Mr. MANGUM proceeded. It was, then, very
;> easy afterwards—when the sentiment of the ma-
il jonty of the Senate was known to be favorable to
! a settlement on 49°—to call for estimates from the
|! War and Navy Departments. All this was very
|j much like shunting evasion. Not so in the days
;i of the hero of New Orleans. If he meant war, he
j! said it. If he meant leprisals, he said it. He
;j never knew what it was to shuffle. He spoke of
! 1 the reports of the bureaus having " sneaked" into
the Senate. The chairmen of the Committees on
ij Military Affairs and Naval Affaiis deserved credit
ji for the position they took m respect to these re-
I; commendations. The honorable Senator from
■ Michigan, who had been designated the Achilles
11 of the 54° 40' narty-
!i Mr. CASS. That
Mr. MANGUM. Well, that Senator who had
si complained so often that they would not build a
i1 ship because they could not build a navy, hod no
ji reason certainly "to complain of the recommenda-
'i ttons of the incrcaf-e of ilie navy. But nil that, foi-
sootb, was without the assent of the Executive.
Was there ever such a ease known as an Execu-
tive without ail oignn of his views and opinions in
either House of Con'/iess> It had been declared
in the newspaper m^an, that no man could speak
, lor him; that no man, beyond his Cabinet, knew
his views. When General Jackson was at the
j, head of the Government, did such a state of things
j exist' If Mr. Clay, if the gentleman 1'iom Mis-
souri, [Mr. Rcvrox,] or if the gentleman fiom
; youth Carolina, [.Mr. C.u.nor\-,] was at the head
of affairs, would siulia state of things exist ? Such
a state of tlnn«s was prejudicial to the interests of
the country. The present Administration was r(-
markalile chiefly for one thing ill the management
j ol this question, and that was, its secretiveness.
i tie could only add the expression of the hope, that
I hereafter, the Chief Magistrate would be chosen
| from amongst the ablest men of the country. He
| thought that the President had placed himself in
i such a position- that he could move in any direc-
i tion on this question, without dislocating his politi-
| eal opinions any more than his physical structure.
: At all events, if he would settle cfown on 49°, he
i would not be absolutely denounced by the great
l! mass of the American people. No man who de-
i sired peace, had felt otherwise than deeply mort:-
j, fied at the character of the debates on this question
I: "• the Senate. The chairman of Foreign Relations
Ji led oil'with the most violent and studied assault on
i,the country with whom they were negotiating,
ji The whole world was ransacked for the purpose of
raking up stale abuse of the country with whom
,, they desired to settle the question peaceably. If
j, he [Mr. Ai.i.en] never would be brought to deplore
that speech, it was certain that the intelligent men
■ j ol the country deplored it, considering the position
which the Senator happened to occupy. But he
'j (Mr. M.) must do the Senator justice. There was
•' in his speech one very consolatory assurance: he
ij liad assured tile Senate that the Government of
■J Great Britain was a pauper Government. It had
ji only to be touched, and it would fall! Had the
ii Senator lived in the time of Napoleon, he would
;i have been of incalculable aid to him in imparting
that admirable idea, that the great bulwark of
i; Christendom had only to be touched,and it would
j, fall. It was well for England that the Senator did
i, not live in that day. But the whole tendency of the
!i speech was inflammatory, and therefore it was to
jj be deplored. Theepisode which had occupied the
'j attention of the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
j Webster] was also to be regretted—as a matter
: of humanity. It had certainly elicited a most tri-
j umphant vindication of a portion of the public con-
| duct of the honorable Senator. But he would com-
j mend to him the maxim of the old philosopher 
j experimentum corpora, vili—let him choose the viler
; bodies for the amusement of his leisure hours, and
( not impale grave and distinguished Senators, han°--
' mg them up to " blacken m the sun," B
