636
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
Mr. M. then proceeded to speak more particu-
larly of his own views on the question of notice.
He took a different view of the policy of Great
Britain in this matter from that taken by the Sen-
ator from South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun.] He
(Mr. M.) was of opinion, he feared, that there was
on the part of England, if not an increased tone
of arrogance, at least of extended demand. He
thought it unsafe to rely on the expressions of pub-
lic opinion in the newspaper press. Yet he thought
he had perceived in the British journals a different
tone from that alluded to by some, as more favor-
able to a proper and just settlement of the question.
But he would not detain the Senate any longer.
Mr. BAGBY then rose, and signifying his de-
sire to address the Senate on the special order,
moved an adjournment.
Mr. HAYWOOD asked the Senator to yield
him the floor for a minute, and he asked the indul-
genee of the Senate whilst he did what he had sel-
dom or never done before—that was, to make are- ,
mark which might probably lead to a colloquy in the ;
Senate between Senators. Mr. H. said the answer ■
of the Senator from Michigan to his colleague's
[Mr. Mangum] question in the course of his :
speech, might be mterpietcd by otheis, ds it seem- :
ed to have been understood by his colleague, veiy I
differently from the true meaning of the Senator i
from Michigan. Mr. H. said his object was to |
ascertain and let the Senate understand the truth ;
in respect to it, without entering into the discus |
sion. He then did not undeistand the Senator i
from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] as intending to say j
that the President had procured or counselled that i
Senator to introduce any resolutions at all, but he !
[Mr. Cass] had answeied his colleague's [Mr. j
MangumJ inquiry, by stating, that he, [Mr. Cass,] j
having prepared a resolution of inquiry into the ;
condition of the public defences, and wishing to j
propose that resolution to the Senate, the Pr<;.st-1
dent was only notified of the fact, by the Senator '
from Michigan, and asked, whether he, the Presi- ;
dent, knew of any objection to such a step; and >
that the President answered, that he knew of no |
objection to it. But beyond this the President had ;
nut been consulted in that matter. If Mr. H. had j
misapprehended the Senator fiom Michigan, he :
should be glad to be informed of it. '
Mr. "WEBSTER. What resolutions? j
Mr. HAYWOOD. The resolutions which no-
body opposed m the Senate, proposing an inquiry
imo the defences of the country—the "inevitable
war"5 resolutions, as they ate called.
Mr. CASS said lie had already stated the cir-
cumstances under which the resolutions were offer-
ed. He had stated his intention of offering them
to the President, and to Mr. Buchanan, and to
several Senatois on both sides. He had not gone
into the consideration of these resolutions, m any
conciliation with the President; but believing it
was due to the relation in which he stood to the .
Administration, he notified the President of his in- j
tcntion to offer the resolutions, and asked him [
whether he saw any objection to them; and he said ;
he did not. The President expressed his general [
approbation of the object. He would add, that an ;
ni'poitant alteration was made in the resolutions, j
winch he considered an improvement. j
Mr. BERRIEN. By whom was the alteration j
made? j
Air. CASS. By Mr. Buchanan. It was a great |
improvement, and perhaps removed what the Sen- !
ator from Georgia would have regarded as an ;
objectionable feature. These were the facts. i
Mr. ALLEN then moved that the Senate pro- '
ceed to the consideration of Executive business.
[Cries of "no," " no"—44 adjourn."] !
Mr. BENTON remarked that there was new ,
Executive business, winch should be taken up; 1
and then
The motion to go into Executive session was 1
unanimously agreed to. ;
After some time spent in Executive session, the !
doors were reopened, and the Senate adjourned. j
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES. ]
Thursday, •Qpril 9, 184-6.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved. '
The SPEAKER announced the unfinished busi-
ness to be the resolution offered last evening by the ;
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. McClerxaxd,]
gran ring- the use of the Hall this evening to the
iNew York Institution for the Deaf and Dumb.
Mr. BAYLY obtained the floor, with a desire
(he was understood to say) to offer a resolution of
inquiry.
SENATOR WEBSTER.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL rose and asked leave
to make a personal explanation.
The SPEAKER again stated what the unfinished
business was.
Mr. BAYLY repeated his request.
Mr. C. J. INGF-RSOLL invited the gentleman
to yield the floor, for the purpose of a personal ex-
planation.
Some conversation followed.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL hoped the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] would not insist on
his motion. Pie thought it was personally unkind
in the gentleman to do so.
Mr. BAYLY did not wish (he said) to be mis-
understood. He did not ask to introduce any
business that would occupy the time of the House.
He wished meiely to introduce a resolution of in-
quiry.
The SPEAKER said no motion was in order
until the resolution of the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. McClernand] had been disposed of.
Mr. BAYLY yielded the floor.
And Mr. INCERSOLL lepeated his request for
leave to make a personal explanation.
Mr. RATHBUN said lie hoped it would be made i
in committee. !
Mr. INGERSOLL said that it could not be i
made in committee, as the gentleman would see. !
Mr. RATHBUN withdrew his objection. j
Whereupon, the floor was given, for purposes
of a personal explanation, to i
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, who said: !
Mr. Speaker: I have put the few words I desire ;
to say, m writing, that there might be no misre- j
port or mistake about them. 1
1 would not ask the indulgence of the House '
for my personal vindication, but the occasion in- |
volves the most precious privilege of members of ■
this House, in which the people are represented.
Its freedom of speech has been grossly attacked,
through me, by a Senator, Mr. Daniel Webster,
Of him, as a Senator, or an individual, I never
have spoken here. Of Mr. Daniel Webster's
misconduct as Secretary of State, I have often
spoken, mostly to censure it, in the instance which
provoked him this session with a severity which
1 acknowledge justifies retort.
All I rise now to do, is, to ask the House to in-
dulge me with a word of < explanation of some
resolutions, to which, I suppose, there can hardly
be objection.
If adopted, I presume they may be answered by
next Monday; and then 1 shall pray permission to
speak on the subject.
One of them is designed to bring officially be-
fore this House the journal or minutes of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, in February, 1843, when
the honorable gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Adams] was chairman of the committee.
According to good precedents and authorities, I
am entitled to read these minutes to the House,
without its leave. But, as doubts may be enter-
tained, I prefer to obviate all objections by obtain-
ing its sanction in form.
These minutes will prove that Mr. Secretary
Webster made known to members of that com-
mittee, by a written communication, the Presi-
dent's wish for a special mission to Great Britain,
which special mission, I think, it will sufficiently
appear, was to settle the Oregon question, by yield-
ing which, Mr. Webster has lately denied our
right to claim.
The resolution for information, from the Depart-
ment of Stale, will bring forth proofs of Mr. Secre-
tary Webster's misdemeanors in office, his fraud-
ulent misapplication and personal use of the public
funds, and corrupting party presses with the mo-
ney appropriated by law for the contingent ex-
penses of foreign intercourse. When discharged,
as he was, from the department to which he was
so great a disgrace, he was a delinquent, a public
defaulter. He did not account for the public mo-
ney he fraudulently abstracted from the department
till more than a year after he was expelled from it,
and did not account for most of it then, by paying
back the money he abstracted, but by vouchers
from notoriously base agents of his choicc, who
receipted for it, to be expended in managing party
presses. Papers from the Department of State,
some of them signed by him, will reveal*the mys-
tery, of which one of his corrupt agents, in a letter
to him marked "private," applauds as Mr. Web*
ster's new and admirable mode of settling the
Northeastern boundary question, after the forty
years' blundering, however honest and patriotic*
of Washington, the Adamses, Jefferson, Madison,
Monroe, Jackson, and Van Buren, who did not
consider it right to expend public moneys in cor-
rupting the press and the people.
It is sickening, if not sad reality, that a man o£
fine abilities, as preposterously as profanely mis-
called Godlike, should be exposed in his mean and
paltry contrivances and associations with notori-
ously, base fellows in palpably vile misuse of the.
public money. When I spoke the offensive words
of the Secretary which appear to have goaded
him to the madness generally betraying the guilty,
I had no idea of the extent of his offence. Indeed,
I have not now, for detection has only begun since
he called me to it. One of his coadjutors writes to
the Secretary of State, that he presumes the con-
tingent fund is ample, and the Secretary's control
over it complete.
These papers, when made printed documents,
will show, also, application of some of the same
secret contingent fund to the release of McLeod;
and although Mr. Webster is reported to hav§
said in the Senate, that there was only one letter
on that subject, three in one and the same day will
appear.
Whether, when possessed of the proofs of Mr.
Secretary Webster's malversation, corruption, and
delinquency, his offences will be deemed impeach-
able misdemeanors in office, conviction for which
might remove him from the Senate, and disqualify
him to hold any office of honor, trust, or profit,
under the United States, .will remain to be con-
sidered.
Should it prove necessary to go to that extremi-
ty, the similitude will be wonderful with a great
English lawyer, called by a poet the wisest and
meanest of mankind.
It will be perceived that the detection, if I am not
mistaken, which my former disclosures may lead
to, merge my individual wrong, and even the injus-
tice done through me to the representative charac-
ter, freedom, and privilege of this House, in the
much greater importance of misdemeanor in office.
When Congress sees the proofs I propose to sub-
mit, they will judge all parties, and do what is right.
It is useless, and would be worse than useless, for
me to apply epithets to Mr. Webster. I desire to
try him, and be tried myself, by proofs.
I now offer the following resolutions, to which
I presume no objection will be made. I ask that
they may be read for information.
And no objection having been made, the resolu-
tions were read as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State furnish this
House an account of all payments made on Presi-
dent's certificates from the fund appropriated by-
law through the agency of that department for the
contingent expenses of foreign intercourse since the
4th of March, 1841, with copies of all entries, re-
ceipts, letters, vouchers, memorandums, or other
evidence of such payments, to whom paid, fo¥
what, and particularly all concerning the Northeast
boundary dispute with Great Britain; also, copies
of whatever communications were made from the
Secretary of State during the last session of the
27th Congress—particularly February, 1843, to
Mr. Cushmg and to Mr. Adams, members of the
Committee of Foreign Affairs of this House of the
wish of the President of the United States to insti-
tute a special mission to Great Britain; also, copies
of all letters on the books of the Department of
State to any officer of the United States, or any
person in New York, concerning Alexander Mc-
Leod.
Resolved, That the chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs of this House submit to the
House the journal or minutes of that committee
during the last session of the 27th Congress.
Mr. McKAY asked for the- reading of tne first
part of the resolutions; which was read.
Mr. DROMGOOLE. As I desire to have a full
! communication on this subject, not having been a
j member of Congress at the time of the transac-
, tions referred to, I want a formal vote of the
: House. I do not rise to make a speech, but to
i ask the yeas and nays on the adoption of the reso-
lutions.
i And the yeas and nays were ordered.
