1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
637
Mr. VINTON (scarcely heard) was understood
to suggest that, as this was a call on the depart-
ment for information, the resolutions must, by the
rule, lie over one day. He would suggest that
they should take that course, and come up as a
matter of course to-morrow morning.
Mr. McKAY. I should be glad to know
whether, by that branch of the resolution which
contemplates the 'production of all papers for ex-
penditures of money on the certificates of the
President, it is contemplated that anything more
in relation to these items of expenditure should be
produced beyond the certificates of the President?
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL. Yes, sir.
Mr. McKAY. Then I cannot vote for it. It
has always been the policy of this Government
to place at the disposition of the President a fund
which is denominated the secret service fund; that
is, an appropriation, annually made, for the con- .
tingent expenses of foreign intercourse, has been i
placed at the disposition of the Executive, and a
part of it can be applied to secret service. And :
there is a law on the statute-book coeval with the |
formation of the Government, which authorizes a
settlement at the Treasury Department of the ac-
counts for such portion of this contingent appro- ■
priation as may lie made on the certificate of the
President. If the gentleman, by Ins resolutions,
intends to call for nil papers that may be on file in
relation to this subject, the very object of the. law
authorizing these expenditures to be made will be
completely defeated. And it will stand as a pre-
cedent to justify a similar proceeding in nil future
cases.
Mr. INGERSOLL begged to say, in answer to
his honorable friend from North Carolina, that he
was sorry that the gentleman interfered at all in
the performance of a high public duty, growing out
of the resolutions which he. (Mr. 1.) had brought
to the notice of this House. He knew time the
gentleman, as an honest man, anil an independent
member of this House, was specially careful of the
public moneys, and that he would he, upon this
occasion, as lie has been upon all occasions, one of
the most foremost to pay proper attention to tlimr
protection. There aie, as ihe geniteuiaii siiyn, twit
funds appropriated by law annually, ami placed
under the. disposal of the President, through the
Department of State; one of which, as his honora-
ble friend, the chairman of the Committee of Ways
end Means, intimated, was some times called a
"secret service fund." It was not true, as the
gentleman said, that, from tlvo foundation of the
Government, there has been a law regulating the
matter. lie has not looked at it (suiil Mr. 1.) m>
lately or so carefully as 1 have. The law is dau d
1st May, 1810, and will be found, 1 think, in the
fourth volume of the Laws of the Untied States,
303d page. By that law, the President's certificate
is made to cover various expenditures, which are
deemed of a confidential character, and urs certain-
ly not proper, in most instances, for public ex-
posure. But, sir, this resolution calls for proof of
abuse of that fund.
Mr. TRUMAN SMITH rose and addressed
the Chair.
Mr. INGERSOLL, (declining to yield.) No;
excuse me, sir.
Mr. SMITH. I rise to a point of order. I wish
to know if the resolution of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania does not lay over under the rule.
The SPEAKER. The House, by unanimous
consent, received the resolution.
Mr. INGERSOLL. That question of ordei be-
ing disposed of, is there any other?
Mr. SMITH. It is not disposed of. I rise to a
point of order.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Does the gentleman ap-
peal ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman rises to a
point of order.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The gentleman does not
appeal. Then I claim the floor.
Mr. SMITH said he wished to make an inquiry
of the Speaker in relation to this point.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Yes, sir; but I do not yield
the floor for inquiry. i
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Connec- ,
ticut rises to a point of order. _
Mr SMITH. I wish to inquire of the Chair
whether the Speaker understood the House to do i
anything more than merely consent to the gentle- ;
man's introducing the resolution which is now be-j
fore the House ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair distinctly put the
question, and no objection was made.
Mr. SMITH. I understood that merely to be
upon receiving the resolution.
The SPEAKER stated, that not only was the
resolution received, without any objection, but the
Chair put the question on the yeas and nays on the
adoption of the resolution, and still no objection
was made, and the House ordered the yeas and
nav s.
Mr. INGERSOLL now resumed the floor. It
is the resolution, therefore, (said Mr. I.,) about
which I am ad.dressing the Chair; and I am sorry
that my fiiend from North Carolina (and he is the
last man from whom I should have expected any
opposition to this resolution) obliges me to explain
the subject; for, as I before said, 1 had put ill
writing, and that very briefly, all which I thought
it was nci essary now to n.t'er l<>, ant! that other
things might be resened for the coming in of the
papers. I say through you, to this House, that
toy resolution predicates a gross abuse of that
fund. My resolution asserts that Mr. Secretary
"Webster has expended through vile agents part of
that fund in coi utpting the picss, m conupung the
party press, and corrupting the party press for the
purpose of accomplishing ihe treaty of the North-
eastern boundary; and the qufMiou tor this House
to decide now is, whether, if theie were forly laws
from beyond the bc^imiiti" of the Government,
any gentleman would prevent these papers from
being In ought forward. Sir, this is an extraordi-
naiy case; this is no common case. I would be
the last man, sir, (mid 1 should liuve known noth-
ing about this, but for my connexion with the Com-
mittee on Foreign Atlims, and iiom what I know,
and have known, about ihese matters,) I should
be the last man to interfere with the ordinary ap-
plication of ihis secret service-money. Hut I will
state what I know to be the lac.t, and what I pre-
sume the chairman of ihe Committee of Ways and
Meant) Knows to he (he fact, that from the acces-
sion ofth.it e.xtiaoidinaiy man, Andrew Jackson,
in 18'Jl), down to the dejiartuie (com Washington
of Mr. Van liuren, at use expiration of his Piesi-
deottal teun, not one lailhiny of that money was
kept from jitifilic view, and that the private use of
it did l-.egm immediately after Mr. Webster came
into ollicc.
Mr. McKAY here rose, and withdrew his ob-
jection to the resolutions.
Mr. INGERSOLL hereupon yielded the floor.
Mr. DROMGOOLE obtained it, and demanded
the previous question.
Mr. W1N1HROP demanded the yeas and nays
on the previous question.
The question was put, anil taken on seconding
the demand for the previous question, and decided
in the negative—yeas 58, nays 75.
Mr. DROMGOOLE again obtained the floor;
mid was recognised by the Speaker.
Mr. CULLOM rose to move a reconsideration
of the vote, refusing the second of the demand for
the previous question, having voted, under misap-
prehension, in the negative. "
Mr. DR0A1GOOLE, howe ver, insisted on his
right til the floor, nnd proceeded to remark that he
bad but a few words to say, and the few remarks
he meant to say, would be in exoneration of the
Whig party of the United States, (and he seldom
said anything complimentary to them.) The res-
olution offered by his honorable friend from Penn-
syhania icloted to a point oflustory when the then
Secretary of State had been separated from the
"Whig party, when he was acting with (Mr. D.
Iwliei ed) the most corrupt Administration that ever
existed ill this country. At that time, the Whig
party denounced the then Secretary of State; how
hir they can since justify themselves in now again
applying to him the epithet of " the godlike," he
should not attempt to examine. They had got
together again; but at the time when he was Sec-
retary of Slate, the parly alluded to by the honor-
able gentleman (the Whig party of the United
States) vv ere as wide from him as are the poles
asunder. Air. D. believed perfectly, absolutely,
ill the charge made or implied in this resolution,
that there was a corruption in that Administration
unparalleled in this country. Why, sir, in allu-
sion to the Noitheastei-n boundary, 1 shall not call
by name the individual who was u pretended Dem-
ocrat, whom the President appointed as a commis-
sioner to run that line. It was sufficient for him
that a son of Daniel Webster, the Secretary,
was engaged in the business, and it was sufficient
for him to say that if they could extort all the cor-
respondence there will be proof the most positive
and absolute, not only of a corrupt use of the
money, but, from the letter itself of the then Sec-
retary, that he sanctionfed and recommended—yes,
absolutely recommended—a corrupt use of the
fund. He would merely say further, then, that
they wanted the letter, and if they could get it
they would be borne out in this charge. He went
for the resolution; and he. called for the yeas and
nays, because he wanted to see the vote of this
House, and see who was in favor of probing this
matter to the bottom; and, as he had done m the
commencement ofliis remarks, he exonerated hon-
orable Whigs, because there were honorable and
patriotic men among the "Whig party. He con-
cluded by repeating what lie had Before said, that
the most corrupt Administration that ever cursed
the country was the Administration of John
Tyler.
Mr. BAYLY said he regretted very much the
course of remark in which his honorable colleague
[Mr. Dromgoole] had seen fit to indulge. He
(Mr. B.) did not stand here, or mean to stand
here, as the defender of Mr. Tyler's Administra-
tion. It is true (said Mr. B.) that I am his (Mr.
Tyler's) immediate Representative, but notwith-
standing, sir, I have no disposition to shield him
or his Administration from any just reproach to
which it may he liable. But he regretted that his
honorable colleague had seen fit to make his re-
marks of condemnation so pointed as that he con-
ceived himself' called upon to vindicate even the
AVhi^s from the. errors of that Administration.
He knew that it was the habit in this country
now—he knew that there were members of the
Republican party who seek all occasions, fit and
unfit, to assail the Administration of Mr. Tyler.
It has not always been so. When that Adminis-
tration was in power, it received far less assaults
from that quarter than it receives now. The time
was, sir, when, so far from its being the object of
unmitigated assault from the Republican party, it
was courted and caressed, it was flattered and
lauded; resolutions of laudation were passed in
Republican meetings and conventions, and it was
left to the time that Mr. Tyler retired from office,
for odium and contempt to be heaped upon it.
I wish to be distinctly understood, Mr. Speaker.
I do not mean that my position should be mis-
taken. I am not a defender of Mr. Tyler's Ad-
ministration; I was not, to any considerable ex-
tent, its admirer; I never was particularly its friend;
but I do say, sir, that the Republican cause of this
country owes much to (hat Administration. There
is not a Republican within the sound of my voice
who can deny the fact; there is not a Republican,
sir, who can "say, that hut for Mr. Tyler's Admin-
istration, you would have had all the Federal errors
fixed upon you, sonic of them for years. What
would become of my friend's Sub-treasury bill, to
which he is so much devoted, but for that Admin-
istration ? Sir, its consummation would have been
delayed twenty years, unless the questionable doc-
trine of repeal had been sanctioned by the Repub-
lican party. Rut Mr. Tyler's Administration, if
it did no more 
Mr. DROMGOOLE interposed, and asked his
colleague to permit him, in all kindness, to make
an inquiry. Was he to understand the gentleman
to maintain that President Tyler was in favor of
the principle of the Independent Treasury ?
Mr. BAYLY. I maintain no such thing.
Mr. DROMGOOLE. If he does, I desire him
to conform that to his [Mr. T.'s] " exchequer."
Mr. BAYLY resuming. My friend does not
understand my remarks. I do not say that Mr.
Tyler was in favor of the Sub-treasury; but I say
that, by vetoing the bank, with a charter of twenty
years, he saved the country, for that length of
time, from the incubus of a national bank, with
all its corruptions. After its charter, he would
ask of his colleague, how he could have consum-
mated his plan of divorcing the Government from
the banking instituTOns of the country ?
Had it not been for Mr. Tyler's Administration
that difficulty could not have been avoided. Not
only that, but how was it with the distribution
policy? How was it with many other measures
of the Administration, which brought for it un-
measured applause from the Republican party'
Wliy, m the Senate of the United States, with but
one single exception—the Senator from'Missouri
