1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
648
I repeat, said Mr, H., no effort to put down such
an expression will succeed. I defy any one to point
to a single living American who stands higher in
Europe than Mr. Webster- I do notgive my own
opinion only., but I state the fact that, in all the
glorious constellation of American names, none is
brighter in European estimation than that of Web
ster. He did not say" this on account of any inti-
macy or;particular friendship with that gentleman.
His relations towards him were not of that char-
acter.
Mr, "Webster had repelled, perhaps, too warmly
the attacks made upon him; but did he provoke
the controversy ? Had he not occasion to speak
with severity ? and did not the honorable gentle-
man from Pennsylvania acknowledge that he had
given him just cause of offence ? Who began the
assault in the Senate? It was not Mr. Webster.
Had it come to this, that because an assault had
been made by one member of a party upon an in-
dividual, the whole should join in it and cry down
with him >
It seemed to him, that the higher a man rose in
public estimation, the more vehement were the as-
saults made upon him. No man was a warmer
Whig than himself, (Mr. IT.,) but he had charity
for his political opponents. Gentlemen accustom-
cd only to the atmosphere of party may not know
that men are estimated abroad by standards to
which they do not refer. His desire was that a
most searching investigation of this matter should
take place. It was due to Mr. Webster, to his
Friends, and to his country. If Mr. Webster had
been so unfortunate as to combine all the sections
of the party against him, lie would yet consider it
his duty as an American, to rescue his name from
their reproach.
Mr. H. expressed the opinion that a person out
of oflice could not be impeached, because the pen-
alty of misdemeanor was disqualification and re-
moval. It could not go beyond it. Ho must be
allowed to say, that his diposition prompted him,
in sucli. a case as this, to take side with the weaker
party. He knew not how the honorable gentle-
man from Pennsylvania obtained the information
which he said be possessed. Who furnished it
to him? It was in the keeping only of the Admin-
istration. Did the Administration furnish it for
the purpose of striking a blow at a prominent op-
ponent ?
As to Mr. Webster being employed by the man-
ufacturers as a pensioned agent, he knew nothing
at ait about it; he was not responsible for any of
the acts of that Senator. He had stated the simple
fact, and it was true—and every man who had
been abroad would admit—that the greatest name
of all living Americans in Europe was that of Web-
ster. Mr. H. now felt bound, he said, to renew
the motion for the previous question.
Mr. YANCEY asked his colleague to withdraw
it for the purpose of explanation.
Mr. DIXON, offered the following amendment,
Which -&as. read:
"Resolved, farther, That, in addition to the in-
formation above called for, the President be re-
quested to furnish to this House an account of
the expenditure of all secret-service money since
the 4th day; of March, 1837, and particularly in
the negotiations and proceedings relating in any
manner to the annexation of Texas, by treaty or
otherwise, and the service for which, and the
names of the persons to whom, all said money
was paid."
Some conversation here arose as to a point of
order.
It being understood that Mr. H. had withdrawn
the motion for the previous question, Mr. BRINIt-
ERHOFF renewed it.
Mr. INOrERSOLL accepted as a modification of
' the resolutions the amendment offered by Mr.
Seddon.
After some conversation,
The question on the demand for the previous
question was taken, and there was a second,
Mr. VINTON called for the yeas and nays on
ordering the main question, which were ordered,
and, being taken, resulted as follows:
YE4S—Messrs. John Ctuincy Adams, Anderson, At-
kinson, Bedinser, Benton, Big?s, James Black, Jaines
A Rlaek Bowlin, Boyd, Bnnkerhoff, Brockenbrough, Brod-
tS William G. Brown, Cathcart, Chase, Claike, Cobb,
Cutlom, Cummins, Cunningham,Daniel, Jefferson
De Mott, Dillingham, Dobbin, Dromgoole, Dunlap, Ells-
worth, Brdmanf Paran, Fieklin, Foster, Fries, Garvin,
Giles,Goodyearj Gordon, Grover, Haralson, Hannanson,
Henlev, Hoge, Hopkins, Hous:h, Goorqe S. Houston, Hun-
gerford, Jame^ B. Hunt. Hunter, Jenkins, James H. John-
son, Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johncon, Georse W. Jones,
Seaborn Jones, Kennedy, Lawrence, Leake, La Sere, Li-
sron, Lumpkin,Maclay, McClean, McClclland, McCicrnand,
McConneli, Joseph J. McDowell, McKay, John P. Martin,
Barkley Martin, Morris, Morse, Niven, Norris, Pamsh,
Payne, Pettit, Phelps, Price, Reid, Relfe, Hitter, Roberts,
Sawtolle, Sawyer, Pcamnion, Seddon, Leonard H. Sims,
Simpson, Thomas Smith, Roboit Smith, Stanton, Stark-
weather, St. John, Strong, Sykes, Thibodeaux, Thomnsson,
James Thompson. Jacob Thompson. Tredway, Wciitworth,
Wheaton, Williams, Wilmot, Wood, Woodward, ana
Yell—108.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Arnold, A«hnum, Rarrinaer,
Bayly, Blanchard, Milton Brown, Burt, William W. Camp-
bell, Carroll, John G. Chapman, Augustus Chapman, Reuben
Chapman, Chipman, Cocke, Cranston, Crozter, Culver,
Gauett Davis, Dixon, Dockery, Edwin H. Ewinjj, Foot,
Gentiy, Gifihnm, Glider, Grinnell, Hamlin, Hampton,
Harper, Ililhaid, T«-aa" E. Holmes, Edmund W. Iluhaid,
Samuel D. Hubbard, IIud?on, Washington Hum, Thomas
Butler King, Lon , Jamc« McDowell, Mc'Gausrhey,
McIIenrv, Mcllvaine, Mai«h, Miller. Motley, Owen. Pen-
dleton, Pollock, Ramsey, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rock-
well, Root, Runk,Scheiick, Seveiance,Truman Smith, Al-
beit Smith, Stewart, Benjamin Thompson, Tibbatts,
Trumbo, Vinton, White, Winthrop, Wrujht, Yancey, and
Young—67.
So the House decided that the main question
should now he put.
Which main question was first on the amend-
ment of Mr. Dixon, (°riven nhove.)
Mr. ASHMUN a«l<cd the and nays;
which were ordered, and hems; taken, resulted as
follows:
YEAS—Mo^rs. Abbott, Arnold, A^hmnn, Barnn?rer,
Blauehard, lyiilton Biow'n, W. W. Camnbell. Carroll, John
G. Chapman, Coeke, ('oilamer, Cio/ier, Culver, Divon,
Dockery, Edwin M. Rwtiv, Foot. 0">itn, Ciinnell, Giovcr,
Hampton, Unvn^r, Samuel T> Dubb-icd, Hud-ori, Wa-hi'istrm
fTui't, Tims. Butler Kin", Lewis Loiri. Jame% McDowell,
MeGduchey, , McThruni-, Mar-ii, sPH'm, Mo-rley,
Nniri*!, Owen, Parri^h. Pendleton. Pl.elp-; P.-lloelc, P-nn-
fsev, Julius nockwcl), John A. Rockwell, Root, Punk,
Sehenek, Sevetance, Tinman Snut'>, Albeit Smith, Stew-
art, Tbibode'tn v, Thnmu—-on, l>*Mi]! nnn TI ornj - on, TiUbm,
Tiumbo, Vinton, Wheaton, White, Wintlitop, Wrujht,
Veil, and Vouuir—On
NAYS—Jtibn O., Admns Amlei.on, AtKiuson,
Ravlv, Heduxjer. Bell, Benton, 1 Blaek, J. A l^rv-k,
Bowlin, Bovd, BrinkeihoO', Wrockonbrouih, BtodheadAV (J.
Brown, Burl, Airmstiw Cbapm*tt . TJ chapmnn, Chas^*. chip-
man, Clarke, < * >hb, Cinn-'ton, Cnllom, I'mmnini. Cunning-
ham, Daniel, Dargnn, Garrett Pivis .TcflV-i-on Davi«, De
Mott, Dillingham, Dobbin, Diotn"o->|(  FlUyniib, F.idr-nn,
F.iran, Fo-ti'i, {'Vie-, (J'lum, <;,!>••, (Jiic'iimi, G-nden,
(Jrnham, Gudei, Hai:i'-on, IIimuti mi, fToy •. I'-re' 1'
Holmes, TTopUins, Geo. S. H'ui-'ton, Kdmund W. Tlulvrd,
Himcerford. Jiinies B. Hunt, FIu'H.*r, ('haiUw J. Jnnei-ou,
Joseph R. Incer.< >n. Jaine^ II. John ou, Joseph Johnson,
Andtew Johnson, Oenrie W. .Tone*, Seaborn Jones, T,nw-
r'mee, Leake, T<!  Sere, f.iiron, Lumpkin, M'>e!av. MeClenn,
Mc<"'le||and, McCleinrmd, MeConn^li. Joseph J. McDowell,
IMcKay, John P. nrtin, Barkl^v Martin. Morii«t, Morse,
Niven, Pn\nr, Pett't. Piice, Rathbun. B^id, Relfe, Bitter,
Robeits, Sawtelle, Sawyer, Sc^mmon, Seddon, Leonard H.
Sims, Simpson, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Stinton,
Staikweathi-r, St John. Strong. Scke-j. Jame* Thomson,
Jacob Thompson. Thurman, Tihb'iti^, Tredwnv, Went-
worth. Wick, WiMiam-, Wilmnt, Woodwaid, and Y«m-
eev—tl'T
the amendment wns rr'crlrd.
The question then recurred on the adoption of
' the resolution.
Mr. HUDSON ncked to heeYcnsed from voting,
and havin? assigned ltia reasons for the motion,
withdrew it.
The veas and nays (which lirul heretofore been
ordered) were then taken, twd resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Andeison, Atkinson, Barrimrer, Bedin-
per. Bell, Benton, Bma^, J.ones Black, Bowliu, Boyd,
Briukcrhoft', Biodhend. Carroll, Catheart, Amiustns Chap-
man, Reuben Chapman, Chase, Chipman, Clarke, Cobb,
Cocke, Crozier, (hillom, Cntntnins, Cunningham, Darnel,
Darsjan, Jefferson D.ivi«. Drt Mott, Dilhnebam, Dixon, Dob-
bin, Dromgoolo, Dunlap. Ellsworth, Erdman, Faran, Fiek-
lin, Foot, Fries, Garvin. Gentiy, Giles. Goodyear, Gordon,
Gtaham, Grover, Hamlin, Haralson, lfnrmnn>on, TTarper,
Heulev, TTillinrd, Tlotje, Hopkins, T(ou«rh, Geomre S. Hons,
ton, Edmund W. Knbard. Samuel D. Hubbard, flunqerford,
James B. Hunt, Charles J. Inger^ill. Joseph R. IiifjersoH,
Jenkins, Jarno^ H. Johnson," Joseph John-on, Andrew
Johnson, Geonre W. Jones, Seaborn Jones, Kennedy, Law-
rence, Leak", La Sere. Lewis. Lh*on, T^onij. Tatmpkm,
Maclay, MeClean, McClclhuul. McClcinand, MeConncll,
Joseph J McDowell. James McDowell. MeGansjhey. Mc-
Kav, John P. Martin,' Batkley Martin, Morris, Niven, Nor-
ris," Owen, Paa-ish, Payne, Petti', Phelps, Pollock, Puce,
Ramsev, Rathbun, Reid.Rel'e, Tlitter. Robert, Root, Runk,
Sawtelle, Sawver, Scamiuon, Seildon, Leonard II. Sim®,
Albeit Smith, Thomas Smith, Starkweather, Stewait, St.
John. Stronjr, Svkes, Thomnsson, James Thompson, Ja.*ob
Thompson, Thurman,Tibbatts, Tredvvay,Trnmho, Vinton,
Wentworth, Wheaton, Wick. Williams, Wilmot, Wood-
ward, Yancey, Veil, and Younjj—13(5.
jjAYS— Me-'^rs John Ci- Adams, Arnold, A^bmun, Bavly,
James A. Black, Blancliard, Brookenbrou;rh, Burt, William
W. Campbell, Cranston, Garrett Davis, Dockery, Edwin
H. Ewms, Grider, Gfinnell. Isaac E. Holme*. Hudson,
Hunter, Thomas B. Kins, McHenrv, Miller, Motley, Julius
Rockwell, Sehenck, Severance, Simpson, Tiuman Smith,
and Tilden—28.
So the resolution was adopted in the following
form, to wit:
" Resoh ed, That the Piesident of the United States be re-
quested to cause to be furnished to this House an account
of all payments made on President's certificates from the
fund appropriated by law through the agency of the State De-
partment, for the contingent expenses of foreign intercourse
since the 4th day of Inarch, 1841, until the retirement of
Daniel Webster, Esq., from the Department of State, with,
copies of all entries, receipts, letters, vouchers, memoran-
dums, or other evidence, of such payments, to whom paid,
for what, and particularly all concerning the northeastern
boundary depute with Great Britain; also, copies of what-
ever communications were made from the Secretary of State
during the la-n session of the 27th Congress, paiticularly Feb-
ruary, 1843, to Mi. Cu-hing and to Mr. Atlams, members of
the committee of this House on Foreign Affairs, oYthe wish
of th* President of the United Slates to institute a special
mission to Gieat Britain; also, copies of all letters on the
books of the Department of State, to any officer of the Uni-
ted States, or any poi.-on in New York, concerning Alexander
McLeod: Profiled, That no document or matter is requested
to be fumis-hod by the fore<roin£ resolution which, in the
opinion of th<; Piesident, would impiopcily involve the citi-
zen or subject of am fnicicn Povu i.
u Resolved, That the chnirnum of the Committee of this
Hou^e on Foreign Afiairs submit to this House the journal
or minutes of that committee duiuig the last session of the
27tli Congiess."
DEAF AND DUMB.
Mr. McCLERNAND called for the considera-
tion of tlie motion he made yesterday, and pend-
ing at the adjournment, to suspend the rules pre-
scribing the order of business, to enable him to
propose the following resolution:
Resolved, That the use of the Hall of Repre-
sentatives he granted to the deputation from the
New York institution for the instruction of the
Deaf and Dumb, now in this city, upon the ad-
journment of the. House on Friday, the 10th in-
startt. for the purpose of enabling them to exhibit
the profit h1 noy attained in that interesting and be-
nevolent branch of education.
The lules ucre suspended.
The resolution was introduced; and, being read,
it was agreed to without opposition.
MOUNTED RIFLEMEN.
Mr. HARALSON moved the usual resolution,
that all debate m Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union on the bill to raise an addition-
al regiment of mounted riflemen, nnd for the con-
stitution of military poyts for the protection of
emii'iants to Oregon, shall cense, in one hour after
the said bill shall be again taken up in commit-
tee.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON moved to amend the
resolution by striking out " one hour" and insert-
ing " two hours." Negatived.
The resolution was then agreed to, under the
operation of the previous question.
And so debate on the*bill will cease in one hour
after it shall be asjuin taken tip in Committee of the
Whole.
THE McLEOD CASE.
Mr. BAYLY moved the following resolution:
Hesohed, That the President of the United States
be requested to transmit to the House of Represent-
atives, if not inconsistent with the public interest,
copies of the correspondence, in the year 1841, be-
tween the President of the United States and the
Governor of New York, relative to the appearance
of Joshua A. Spencer, Esq.. DistrictA ttorney of
the United States for the western district of New
York, in the courts of the State of New York, as
counsel for Alexander McLeod.
Mr. ASHMUN moved to amend the resolution
by adding thereto the following additional resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be directed
to inform this House whether any person has been
permitted to violate the secrecy of the Department
of State by examination of the confidential and pri-
vate papers or documents which are placed in his
keeping, and if so, when said violation took place,
and bywhom it was committed; or whether he has
communicated to any person any parts of the con-
tents of such papers or documents which are thus
confidentially m his keeping, and if so, to whom
and when said communication was made.
The CHAIR (Mr. Hopkins officiating) ruled
the amendment out of order, as not being of a kin-
dred subject with the original proposition.
Mr. ASIIMUN appealed.
An adjournment was here moved by Mr. HAM-
LIN, which prevailed.
And the House adjourned accordingly. ' ^
