644
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
IN SENATE.
Friday, Jlpril 10,1S4G.
Mr. DIX presented a remonstrance from eifzens
of Courtlana county, New York, against the re-
newal of a patent heretofore granted to Jethro
"Wood; which laid on the table.
Mr. ,T. M. CLAYTON presented a memorial of
representatives of the .Society of Friends of the
States of New Yoik, Vermont, and Michigan, re-
monstrating1 against the adoption of any measures
in relation to the Oregon question which shall re-
sult in war.
Mr. WEBSTER presented the petition of Ziba
Baker, a revolutionary soldier, asking a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. BENTON presented a petition of the pub-
lishers of American reprints of foreign periodical
works, prayms: that the duty on foreign periodi-
cals, when in course of publication in the United
States, may not bo increased; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. I>. also presented the petition of citizens of
St. Louis, Missouri, praying the extension of the
laws of the United States over the Oregon territory,
to the latitude of 54° 40'; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DIX presented the memorial of the Cham-
ber of Commerce, remonstrating against the repeal
of the 44 Act in relation to pilots," approved March
2, 1837; which was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. WESTCOTT presented a memorial of Wil-
lis J. Spann, and others, citizens of Marion coun-
ty, Floridn, representing that 2:1 eat injury would
be done them by the passage of the bill now before
the Senate for the relief of Arrcdondo's heirs, and
remonstrating against its passage; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. .CREESE moved that the Senate take up
the lk bill for the relief of Joseph Chaires, executor
of Benjamin Chaires, deceased, Gad Humphreys,
and Pedro Miranda, claiming to be the assignees
of Jose dc la Maya Arredondo, of the State of
Florida," in order to recommit the said bill to the
Committee on the Judiciary; which motion being
agreed to, the biM was taken up and so recommit-
ted.
Mr. DIX presented additional documents in re-
lation to the claim of Sally Rockwood; which
were laid on the table and ordered to be printed,
together with the other papers in relation to the
same case.
RESOLUTION'S.
Mr. JARNAGIN submitted die following reso-
lution, which lies over:
Resolved. That the President of the United States
be requested to cause to be furnished to the Senate
an account of all payments made on President's !
certificates from the fund appropriated by law for !
the contingent expenses of foreign intercourse since !
the 4th of March, 1825, to this time, with the copies I
of all entries, vouchers, memorandums, or other !
evidence of such payments, to whom paid, and j
for what.; including the sum of thirty thousand dol-
lars "for contingent expenses of all the missions
abroad," now proposed to be provided for by the
bill now before the Senate, entitled 44 An act to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for cer-
tain objects made for the service of the fiscal year
ending the thirtieth of June, 1846;" but no docu-
ment or matter is requested by this resolution to
be furnished, which, in the opinion of the Presi-
dent, would improperly invohethe citizen or sub-
ject of any fcueign Power.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON submitted the following
resolution: which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be request-
ed to inform the Senate whether any claims for
French spoliations before 1800, were presented for
allowance before the commissioners, sitting under
the treaty with France of 1831; and if so, whether
it appears from the report of the said commission-
ers that any such claims were allowed.
Mr. WEBSTER submitted the followin g reso-
lution, which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to the Senate, if not
incompatible with the public interest, all corre-
spondence between the Government of the United
tllaL ®reat Britain in the years of
1840, 1841, 1849, and 1843, respecting the right or
practice of visiting, or searching, merchant vessels
m time of peace.
Mr. PENNYBACKER, from the Committee of
Claims, to whom was referred the House bill for
the relief of Charles Benns, reported the same with-
out amendment; the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill conferring'upon thecommis-
sioners appointed under the " Act for the more con-
venient taking of affidavits and bail in civil cases
depending in the courts of the United States, ap-
proved February 20, 1812," the power of inqui-
ring into, and binding over, for certain offences
against the United States; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. BERRIEN, in pursuance of notice hereto-
fore given, asked and obtained leave to introduce
a bill for the relief of Abraham B. Fanning; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
On motiun of Mr. ATCHISON, the resolution
submitted by him yesterday, authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Senate to contract with C. Preuss, the
assistant of Captain Fremont in his expedition to
the Rocky Mountains, Oregon, and North Califor-
nia, for compiling a topographical map of the
travelling route from the mouth of the Kansas, on
the frontier of Missouri, to the main Columbia
river, where the emigrants usually embark on the
river, was taken up, consideied, and agreed to.
NORTHEASTERN BOUNDARY.
Mr. FAIRFIELD moved that the prior orders
of the day be postponed, and that the Senate re-
sume the consideration of the special order; which
motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT announced the special order,
beine;, <fcc.
Mr. FAIRFIELD (Mr. Bagby yielding the
floor) said he had hoped that he .should never
aeain be called upon to participate in any way, or
to any extent, in a discussion upon the North-
eastern boundary question. Tn him it had lost
all its freshness and interest. It was was an old
matter, in which many wrongs had been done—
many mistakes committed—many injuries suffered
—and many things and events occurred which he
had been disposed to let pass to the grave of
oblivion. For one, although dissatisfied with the
treaty of 1842, wluch dissatisfaction was not only
freely, but officially expressed at the time, he
had not been in the habit of alluding to it in
a spirit of querulousness, or for the purpose of
tonsuring those who participated in its accom-
plishment. He had always been disposed to re-
gard it as an unavoidable event—a sort of dispen-
sation, to which quiet submission was better than
unavailing regret and complaint. But he did not
by any means intend to complain of those who
thought otherwise. If it was regarded by some as
a subject fraught with instruction—as one of the
srreat lessons which the past presents for the bene-
fit of the present and the future, they were not to
be censured for referring to it, and deriving from
it all the light nnd instruction it could afford. For
himself, however, he recurred to it with reluctance.
Nor would he have said one word upon the sub-
ject now, but for the very strong expression of the
distinguished Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Webster,] that " not fifty candid, intelligent men
in Maine could be found, who ever did, or who
now, complain of this treaty.'' This, to be sure,
is a matter of opinion, and can never be demon-
strated. But he could not feel justified in seeming
to acquiesce in the correctness of this opinion by
his silence; and he rose principally to this single
point, though he should probably allude to others.
For himself, he had no private griefs to be assua- I
£-ed, nor private injuries to be redressed. The dis- !
tinguished Senator from Massachusetts, not only j
in this debate, but upon all previous occasions, had j
treated him with all that respect, and kindness >
even, which he had any right to expect. In what !
he had to say, therefore, he was only actuated by |
a sense of justice to his constituents, and a proper I
regard for the correctness of history. The honor- j
able Senator from Massachusetts was understood j
to say that Maine was perfectly satisfied with the
treaty of Washington, and that, in his opinion, not
fifty candid, intelligent men in that State, could be
found who complained of it. Now, though there
is no way. as he had said before, of demonstrating
this question, he could not forbear expressing his
own opinion that a large proportion of the citizens
of Maine were disappointed, and grieved, and dis-
satisfied, with the settlement of this question upon
the terms of that treaty. It is true that the com-
plaints were not embodied in any tangible form,
and now to be found in public documents, but
they nevertheless existed. Maine had bound her-
sfelf by the appointment of commissioners, anl
could do nothing to correct their error, if error
they had committed. Their decision was conclu-
sive and binding; and complaint, therefore, could
only cast censure upon the commissioners, who
were believed to have acted honestly and consci-
entiously, -without, in the slightest degree, resto-
ring the State to her rights, or correcting the wrongs
of the treaty". Hence the people of Maine sub-
mitted to the treaty as a matter of necessity. They
acquiesced in it, but were never satisfied with it.
They yielded to it without approving it. And,
though it may be true that, under the prospect of"
an arbitration, many would have preferred adopt-
ing the treaty adjustment to leaving the question
still open and unsettled; yet he was confident,
could they have foreseen the result, they would
never have consented to the appointment of com-
missioners. Such certainly were his own views
in relation to it. He had taken some, pains at the
time, and subsequently, to ascertain the precise
state of public sentiment upon the subject, and he
sincerely believed that the special message of tlie
Governor to the Legislature, at their extra session
in May, 1842, and the annual message to the Le-
gislature in January, 1843, truly reflected public
opinion in the State. And if the Senate would
pardon him for the apparent egotism, he would
read a few passages from each, as illustrative of thfe
views which were then taken. The Senator from
Massachusetts has recited the circumstances cor-
rectly in regard to his communication to the Gov-
ernments of Maine and Massachusetts, "and his
invitation to them to co-operate in the proposed
amicable adjustment of the boundary question*
Under all the circumstances, he, (Mr. F,,) then
acting in another capacity, would not have felt jus-
tified in refusing to assemble the Legislature, and
thus permit the people, through that Legislature, to
decide for themselves upon the grave and important
question submitted by the General Government,
and indirectly by England herself. He did not
hesitate, therefore, to call the Legislature together,,
and upon their assembling, to advise them to ac-
cede to the request of the General Government.
His views, however, would more distinctly ap-
pear by reading a few passages from the message
to the Legislature upon that occasion. After a
recital of the material parts of the communication
of the Secretary of State; [Mr. Webster,] and a
reference to the accompanying circumstances^ it
says:
" When we regard the clearness of our title to the territo-
ry in controversy—the frivolous and unfounded pretensions
of the British claim—the long and vexatious delay that has
been designedly effected—the frequent invasion and occu-
pation of our territory—the devastation of our forest?-—the
arreat and imprisonment of our citizens—there is danger
that an honest indignation may lead us tcroverl&ofc many
important considerations necessary to a discreet and sound
decision. ~ }
" It is due therefore to the subject that we view it -in' other
lights. One alternative now contemplated, itseems,by the'
General Government,, is a submission of the question to an-
other arbitration. Against this, Maine has ever remonstra-
ted, and I believe will continue to remonstrate* We can-
not perceive the difference, so far as authoiity is concerned;
between doing a thing directly and indirectly. If the Gen-
eral Government has no power to cede directly any portion
of the territory of this State, neither has it the'power to ac-
complish the same thing through the fonus of art arbitration.
But, ught or wrong in our poMtiou—-successful or otherwise
as we may be hereafter in maintaining it—we see, as a max-
ter of fact, that the Genera) Government is determined to
attempt tho exercise of such a power, and thus once more
jeopaid oui territory, unless «ome other mode of adjustment
be agreed upon. That tins should be seriously considered,
in coming to a decision, is obvious.
"Whatever maj be the claim, however, of the General
Government as to it^ power tbiongh indirection, it does not
claim the power of ceding dircrtly any portion of our terri-
tory. or of directly agreeing to any other lime of boundary
than that described in the treaty oj J.7B3 Yielding to the cor-
rectness of our position m this respcct, the General Gov-
ernment now asks tin? State for authority thus to settle the
existing controversy, and invites her co operation m effect-
in? that object.
The Butish Government is also now prepared to pro-
pose. for so I am disposed to regard the matter, what may
be thought to be 'a just and equitable equivalent,' for a
portion of that which ^he !ia< heretofore claimed as her own.
If this is not going as far as some may deem the honor of
the State lequires, it certainly is far less objectionablefhan
most that we have been accustomed to receive from that
quarter.
"If anything less than this is intended,Tamjpersu&detf
