1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
649
of the House. Now, I say that this resolution
has passed from our hands; that it is no longer
within our jurisdiction; and that the House must,
by a vote, direct the Clerk to obtain possession of
the resolution, before the House can act upon the
subject. ' -
Mr. ASHMUN desired to inquire whether it
was possible that the "House, on a point of ordi-
nary parliamentary law, could be'deprived of ju-
risdiction over this subject? The motion of re-
consideration was as'applicable to this subject as
to any other.
Mr. DIXON (who still retained the right to the
floor) inquired if the time consumed in these ques-
tions would be taken from his hour ?
The SPEAKER said not.
The SPEAKER then said that the chair would
overrule the point of order. The chair recollected
that on one, and probably on several Occasions,
motions had been made to reconsider votes on bills
which had gone to the Senate; and that a message
had been sent to that body, the object of which was
to bring back the bill that the House might recoil'
sider its action. In the present case, however, a
copy of the resolution, and not the original resolu-
tion, had gone to the President, so that it was still
within the reach of the House.
Mr. McCLELLAND proposed tpread a
from the Manual.
Mr. SCHENCK. Does the gentleman appeal
Mr. McCLELLAND said he did appeal. And
he read the following passage from the Manual:
" The rule permitting a reconsideration of a ques-
' tion, affixing to it no limitation of time or circum-
' stance, it may be asked whether there is no limit-
' tion. If, after the vote, the paper on which it is
' passed has been parted with, there can be no re-
' consideration, as if a vote has been for the passage
' of a bill and the bill has been sent to the other
■ House," &c.
Now Mr. McC. understood that this paper had
passed from under the control of the House. Sup-
pose that the President had gone on to consider the
subject, and had prepared a communication to be
transmitted to this House, and which might be sent
here immediately after the reconsideration. What
power had this House, then, to annul the proceed-
ings of the President? There was no power to con-
trol his action, unless a vote of this House should
bring the fact to the knowledge of the President
himself, in some proper form.
Mr. VINTON took the floor; but
The SPEAKER desired that the following pre-
• cedent might be read:
" Wednesday, May 07,1840—A motion was then made,
by Mr. Alfoud that the House do reconsider the vote of yra-
terclay on. tho of tbo MU from the Boiuvtej entitled
An act supplementary to the act entitled 1 An act to grant
pre-emption rights to the settlers 'on the public hinds,' ap-
proved June 32j 1838.
"Mr. Jameson stated that he understood that the hill had
been taken by tWe Clerk to the Senate, in which houae u
ori&inated, and was consequently now beyond the control oj
this House; and therefore the motion to reconsider could
not be entertained. . , ,
« The Speaker decided that the motion to reconsider wab
in order under the 50th rule, which provided that, when a
motion has been once made, and carried in the affirmative or
negative, it shall be in order for any member of the major-
ity to move for the reconsideration thereof on the same or
"From this*decision Mr. Petri kin took an appeal to the
^"The previous question was moved by Mr. Wm. Cost
Johnson—demanded and put, viz:
« Shall the main question be now put.
" And carried in the affirmative.
"The main question was then put, viz:
"That the decision of the Chair do stand as the judgment
nf the House ? And passed in the affirmative.
" And while the question of reconsideration was under
dC"Mr'. Burke, from the Committee on Enrolled Bills, report-
ed that the committee had examined the enrolled bill enti-
tled An act supplemental to an act entitled An act to grant
we-empnon ng£te to settlers on the public lands, approved
Stole11838, (being the bill the reconsideration of tiic vote
on ths 'passage of which was under discussion,) and found
^''TlTsrEAK^'said'hertould decline to sign said bill
until the motion to reconsider was settled.
"Aid after further debate on the motion of Mr. Altokd,
the previous question was moved by Mr. Chapman, of Ala-
baThe SPEAKER (the precedent having been
■ read) said that, in this case, not only had. the bill
been passed ami sent to.the Senate, but itJiad been
reported by the Committee on Enrolled Bills; and
vet the vote was reconsidered.
Mr DANIEL raised a point of order, touching
his prior right to the floor, which the Speaker over-
ruled.
Mr. YINTON briefly sustained the decision of jj from Pennsylvania is a public defaulter: was there
the Chair, on the point of order raised by Mr. Mc- || a gentleman upon this floor, or m e c . J'
Clelland i I friend of Mr. Webster, who would not have hung;
'his head in shame at such a course?
Mr. ROBERTS desired to call the attention of i
the Speaker to a decision made on the last day of j
the 28th Congress, on the Chickasaw bill. Mr.
Cave Johnson moved a reconsideration of the vote.
It was remarked that the bill was not in possession
of the House. The Chair decided that a motion
to reconsider could not be entertained until the
House had possession of the bill. Mr. Johnson
made a motion to reconsider, and introduced a
resolution asking the Senate to return the bill;
after which, the Chair entertained the motion to
reconsider. If the Mouse now entertained a mo-
tion to reconsider, and the resolution was in pos-
session of the President, and he was furnishing
the information called for, it seemed to him that
the reconsideration could have very little etfect 011
the resolution.
The SPEAKER. That case is in the recollec-
tion of the Chair. But it will be seen, that the
House did not refuse to entertain a motion to re-
consider, but only refused to reconsider the vote
until the bill should have been brought back. In
the present case, the original resolution is still in
the House.
The question was then taken, and the decision
of the Chair was affirmed.
So the motion to reconsider was entertained.
Mr. DIXON proceeded to address .the commit-
tee from a position in which many of his remarks
were doubtfully heard 011 the left of the Speaker.
We attempt to give but a sketch of Ins remarks.
In the first place, 111 giving his reasons why this
vote ought to be reconsidered, he would call the
attention of the House to the state of the question
as it was yesterday presented. It would be recol-
lected, that the honorable gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. C. J. Imgkksuli.,] in discussing
the Oregon resolutions, some weeks since, took
occasion to go out of the record, and to call ill
question the proceedings of a gentleman now a
member of tho other branch of this Congress, at
the time alluded to, Secretary of State, bringing
against the gentleman several charges, and those
several charges of a very grave and pcrulinr char-
aciei. He accused him of conduct which, as the
gentleman himself said, in his defence, if proved
true, would disgrace him in the eyes of the whole
community. Tile remarks of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania weic not only repeated on this floor,
but they were deliberately written out by the gen-
tleman afterwards, as he (Mr. D.) supposed.
Mr. INUKKSOUL, (in his seat) was understood
to indicate that this was not the case.
Mr. DIXON begged the gentleman's pardon.
He had supposed so because the reports were dif-
ferent in the different papers. But tho report was
sent through all the country on tho wings of the
wind. And not only this, but an honorable Sen-
ator—a co-Senator with the .Senator from Massa-
chusetts—appended the remarks of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, in their most offensive form,
to his speech, which was extensively circulated, j
These charges thus had the widest possible circa- 1
lotion, and were intended to produce an effect upon 1
the minds of the people ot this country.
With regard to the nature of the attack, Mr. D.
intended to say nothing: the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts, in his defence before the Sen-
ate, had spoken of it in a proper manner. Now,
what could have been expected from the Senator
from Massachusetts? Mr. IX need not say that
he did not stand here to defend that gentleman: he
should shrink from an attempt of that kind. He
needed 110 defence. But did the gentleman sup-
pose that the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts would sit down in bis seat upon the floor of
the Senate and allow these charges to pass 111 si-
lence, to allow them to produce the effect for which
they were intended—to undermine his reputation—
without that gentleman taking any notice of them?
What did he do ? The Senator from Massachu-
setts did not rise in his place and ask the Senate to
help him to prove, the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia was a defaulter. Mr. D. w as not aware that he
could found anything upon which to attempt to do
it But suppose he had done it; that instead of
replying to any of the charges brought against
him he had maintained a sullen silence on that
point, and said if you will give me your aid and
send for persons and papers, I will prove, not tnat
these charges are not true, but that the gentleman
     What (lid
he do ? Instead of making charges of a different
character against the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
the Senator from Massachusetts calls for papers to
exculpate himself; and when these papers came,
he arose and went into a most able, and certainly a
most scathing and. crushing defence of himself, and
attack upon the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
And the Senator from Massachusetts denied every
charge, save one, brought against him by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania; and that one he did not
distinctly and expressly deny., It was respecting
the alleged fact of a letter by him having been
written to the Committee 011 Foreign Affairs of this
House, recommending a Special Minister upon the
Oregon question. He did not recollect that such
a letter had been written. Now, what had the
gentleman from Pennsylvania done ? He had passed
over all the others, and in his resolutions merely
alluded to the question whether that letter was se-
cret. Now, whether it was secret or not seemed
immaterial. But would it not have been more
becoming to the gentleman himself, if instead of
attempting to prove what was not denied, he had
attempted to substantiate his charges as to what
was dented? But he repelled the other charges '
in a manner which the honorable gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Yancey,] thought undignified.
That it was most severe, most scathing, most
crushing, Mr. D. would willingly admit; but that
it was undignified, lie could not assent to. So far
from it, it was the most dignified he had ever wit-
nessed; not one word or phrase was used that
might not proceed from the. mouth of any gentle-
man. If the language used was objectionable,
what were they to say of the attack., yesterday, of
the gentleman from Pennsylvaniai There was
language used m Ins written"attack much more of-
fensive, much stronger, than any used by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts. Mr. D. here made
some allusion to the prediction which they had
heard had been made with reference to a " scari-
fviug " process, and his opinion that the prediction
had been proved true.
Mr. D. should not blame the gentleman for be-
ing offended; he had a right to be offended; but
knowing, as hedid, that gentleman's powerful elo-
quence, brilliant wit, ana effective sarcasm, he ex-
pected a display of these qualities in his denial of
these charges; buthe confessed his surprise to find
that the gentleman from Pennsylvania, instead of
denying any of the charges, or rather of attempting
to substantiate the charges he had before made,
came into this House and told them, at least, that
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts was u.
great public defaulter!
But the resolution of inquiry was offered by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, and Mr. U. con-
fessed, lie, for one, felt it his duty, at the time, to
vote in favor of the resolutions. He thought it
was due to Mr. Webster, that after such an as-
sault, and charges of so grivvc a character, every
examination, every scrutiny, and every investiga-
tion proposed by his enemies should be afforded;
and he felt the most perfect confidence, that Mr.
Webster would come out of this inquiry entirely
unsullied and untarnished in every respect.
Mr. D. alluded to the amendment he had proposed
to that resolution, and which had been rejected by
the House, calling for the same information con-
cerning the use of the secret-service fund in set-
tling the Texas matter; and showed that those gen-
tlemen who were foremost in urging the resolutions
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania., did not vote,
and dared not vote to make this inquiry. He said
dared not, as he had a right to, because they voted
against it, and they could not shield themselves
with the claim that the inquiry was—(the remain-
der of the sentence was not heard.)
Mr. i?ARAN (Mr. D. yielding) said, with refer-
ence to the charge of the gentleman, that those gen-
tlemen who voted against his amendment, were
afi aid to make the inquiry, asked whether there
was not a public document yesterday read in this
House, that not one. cent of the secret-service mo-
ney was expended between 1829 and 1842 ?
Mr. DIXON said his amendment asked particu-
larly for the manner in which it had been expended
since that period.
Mr. FARAN. If the gentleman will make a
charge in relation to that matter, I will vote as
