1846,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
653
•without my aid or instigation; and as the Whigs
have been warned not to permit the arm of their
champion to be thus struck down, while it is deal-
ing such mighty_ blows; and as they have earned
their commendation so far as to place him by the
side of the laved and revered Washington, and to
claim that he brought love and respect to the name
of an American citizen abroad; by its association
•with his own, I could not sit silent. Of Daniel
Webster I know nothing, save what the public
records disclose. That history, thus disclosed, has
fiven lite a loathing of his public character, whicli
^ cannot arid will not undertake to conceal. It
richly entitles him to be considered what the world
said, and said truly, of another great intellect-—if
not the " wisest," at least as " the basest, mean-
est of mankind." And yet, sir, his infatualed ad-
mirers have styled him—profanely styled him, as
•was well said by the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. C. J. Ingersoll,]—as "the Godlike."
Sir, he bears another familiar appellation, and I
must think a true one—" Black Dan!" And his
friend from Connecticut [Mr. Dixon] has given
an illustration of what he thinks this other appel-
lation means.
That gentleman said that Mr. Webster's philip-
pic against Mr. Ingersoll had reminded him of
an anecdote he had heard, which was this: During
the revolutionary war, or just previous, a Mr. In-
gersoll held the office of commissioner of stamps;
the people made him promise to resign it publicly,
and to swear never again to exercise its duties.
They placed Ingersoll on a white hoi-se, led him
to the town house, and followed, hooting and
shouting behind! My friend said that the scene
reminded him of Death on the pale horse, spoken
of in Scripture, as followed by Hell! I presume
that he designed us to draw the conclusion that
Mr. Ingersoll caught hell in the castigation Mr.
W. gave him. Perhaps, sir, he did. It at all
events shows to us that Mr. Webster has two
characters, which, Proteus-like, he can assume, as
his interests or necessities demand—the "God-
like''-and the "Hell-like"—the "God-like Daniel,"
and "Black Dan!" At all events, sir, no matter
what character he bears abroad, that cliaractcr
here, in his own land, is not an enviable one. Eor
myself, I acknowledge the power of his intellect;
but I do not award my respect to great men for
mere intellect. And when a great intellectual
name is not associated with public integrity, I will
leave his praise to the hangers-on of courts and
the sycophants of the- palace. Such names are un-
worthy of commendation from the lips of a virtu-
ous American.
Mr. COBB said be thought the debate had gone
as far as the House was disposed to indulge it.
He would make an effort, at all events, to bring it
to a close; and with that view he moved to my
the motion to reconsider on the table. A ma-
jority couid dispose of the motion as it thought
proper. - .
Mr. BAYLY asked Mr. Cobb to withdraw the
motion~for live minutes.
Mr. COBB declined, remarking that the House
could decide it.
And the question having been then taken, the
motion to reconsider was laid on the table.
Mr. DANIEL moved that the House go into
Committee of the Whole on the private calendar.
MOUNTED REGIMENT.
But, on motion of Mr. HARALSON, the House
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Ratheum, of New York,
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
bill from the Senate to provide for raising one, regi-
ment of mounted riflemen, and to establish military
posts on the route to Oregon, with the pending
amendments.
Mr. JAMES THOMPSON was opposed to the
amendment which had been offered to the bill, pre-
ferring the bill as it came from the Senate. His
reasons for passing that bill he would present in
brief. Our only safety was to adhere to the bill as
it passed the Senate, and avoid sending it back.
For twenty years past, the West had required a
police such as this bill proposed. This bill was no
part of any preparation for war, and was not de-
signed for that purpose. It was designed for the
protection of emigrants to Oregon from the Indians.
In 1835, a regiment of dragoons was raised for the
protection of the frontier, but the object now pro-
posed was a different one. The emigration to Or-
egon was soon to commence, and should it pro-
perly be protected, the number of settlers would, in
ten years, amount to two hundred and fifty thou-
sand. The measure could only succeed by adher-
ing to the bill as it was. Why should not the pres-
ent friends of the measure adhere to the bill ? We
had the recommendation of the President and the
Secretary of War in favor of its passage, and also
that of an expedition which was sent out for the
purpose of an examination. Could we not follow
the lights of those who had investigated the sub-
ject ? It had been proved that no less a number
than two thousand of our citizens, traders, and
others, had in the last ten years been murdered by
the Indians in that country. What were the mo-
tives to emigration to Oregon ? Let it be under-
stood that the country is not, as Mr. McDuffie
described it, a barren waste—but let a true account
of it be given—let it be understood that it is a
country admirably adapted for lumbering and gra-
zing, and emigration will rapidly increase. Let it
be understood that lumber is there obtained in the
greatest abundance, and can be sold at a high price
in the Sandwich Islands, and many persons will
flock to Oregon for the purpose of carrying on that
business. The facilities for grazing were also very
great.
He wished to suggest to the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Hopkins] that h'13 amendment, in
regard to the carrying the mail, was entirely unne-
cessary, because in a few days a separate bill for
that object would come up, and all the Oregon
bills would, as he hoped, be passed in the course
of a week. He hoped, therefore, that the friends
of these measures would stand by the bill as it
was. His honorable friend, [Mr. S. Jones,] who
had offered the Inst amendment, had done it with-
out the sanction of a single Government officer, as
he presumed. We could only act upon the recom-
mendation of those who had military experience.
What might be the military genius of the gentle-
man from Georgia he did not know.
Mr. S. JONES here said that he did not pre-
tend to any military experience, but lie would be
ashamed to vote for a bill of this kind with refer-
ence to a war with England. The bills which had
already passed, had increased the peace establish-
ment to upwards of eleven thousand men, which
was quite sufficient for objects of peace. There
were mounted men enough already, for the Presi-
dent had discretionary power upon this subject.
Mr. HARALSON explained that the gentleman
from Georgia wiw mistaken in supposing that the
regiment of light infantry was mounted.
Mr. J. DAVIS would explain, he said, the dif-
ference between light infantry and mounted rifle-
men. The light infantry used no bayonets, and
marched in double quick time.
Mr. THOM PSON resumed: Whether that regi-
ment was mounted or not, he thought the gentle-
man from Georgia was dismounted, and would,
therefore, make a poor show in the prairies.
The President had recommended this regiment
for the protection of emigrants to Oregon, not to
fight the British. It would be just as expensive to
mount the light infantry regiment, as the gentle-
man from Georgia proposed, as to raise this regi-
ment.
Mr. HOLMES referred to the law; and said
that the President had power to accomplish the
object.
Mr. S. JONES made some explanations, to show
that the President had the power to mount a light
infantry regiment. He had the power, also, to
levy new soldiers to fill up the regiments; and if
he could not enlist men in the northern and south-
ern States who were capable of riding through the
woods, he might go to the West, and there find
any number of them.
Mr. THOMPSON, after some further interrup-
tions, insisted on proceeding, though he said he
was willing to yield the floor to those who might
be able to do the subject more justice than himself.
The amendment could not be made to work, and
would not answer for the particular purposes in-
tended by the bill. If we increased the number
of men in the light-infantry regiment and then
mounted them, we should incur the some expense
as wc should by the measure proposed in the
bill.
Mr. S. JONES. There would be now new offi-
c6ts. «
Mr. THOMPSON went on to insist that, after
the examinations and recommendations which
had been made by the proper authorities, the bill
was entitled to the confidence and support of the
House.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON desired, he said, to
make a practical speech on the subject, so far as
he was able. He believed that, under existing
circumstances, a regiment ought to be raised for
the protection of emigrants, but he was opposed
to any increase of the peace establishment. All
experience had shown that, when men once got
epaulettes upon their shoulders, they could never
be got rid of. During the present excitement, offi-
cers might be appointed, and when the necessity
for them had passed away, it would be found im-
possible to obtain any reduction of their number.
Let us do what existing circumstances demand,
and raise a volunteer regiment for a limited time.
It was now said that we wanted a corps of dragoons
to gallant our emigrants to Oregon; but as we had
lately increased the reg-iments from fifty to eighty
men, an additional permanent force could not be
necessary. The power of the western Indians
was not so terrible as had been represented.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, here re-
marked, that there were no troops at all in the
Oregon region. Colonel ICearny had recommended
that a force should be sent once a year into that
resion.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON. Well, the Indians
have seen our troops, and that will suffice for them.
If we now raise a volunteer regiment, we could ob-
tain the most gallant young men in the country to
goto Oregon; and after two years' service they
would pass again into private life. In Hvo years
our difficulties with Gieat Britain would be settled,
or we shall have a war. He hoped it would not
be made necessary to pass a law in order to discon-
tinue the existence of this additional force. It was
said that we wanted men for the forts and stock-
ades on the way, but we had authorized the Presi-
dent to raise an additional force, and he could direct
a few companies to garrison the stockades on the
route.
There was one grand objection to the plan of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. James Thomp-
son,] that it proposed a peimanont and expensive
addition to the peace establishnient.
There was no economy ill the measure; this
Congress was one of the most profligate in expend-
itures that he had ever witnessed; it was only
necessary to name expenditures in order to grant
them; but his plan would avoid any ultimate ex-
pense, and would effect the object in view. It was
said that the emigrants would start on the 20th of
May next, and we must therefore pass this bill in
hot haste; but he doubted whether any emigrants
cared much about this escort. Emigrants went out
last year without any escort, and they would do it
again. He urged the raising of a volunteer corps,
who would at the end of two years bring us back
correct information of the country, and thereby
promote its settlement, or in the event of a war
with Great Britain could be retained, and be an
honor to the sefvice. This, he thought, would be
the most economical and most effectual mode of
facilitating emigration to Oregon.
Mr. HARALSON here remarked that the meas-
ure was not proposed in view of a war with any
foreign power. In reference to that contingency, "a
bill had been reported by the committee to author-
ize the enlistment of volunteers. The number was
left blank in the bill: but he had no objection to
state that the committee would propose to fill- the
blank with at least fifty thousand. The gentleman
would here find the volunteer system to his heart's
content.
Mr. THOMPSON continued. Then I under-
stand that this regiment is to be a permanent addi-
tion to the peace establishment, and against that I
enter my solemn protest.
Mr. JAMES THOMPSON explained, that the
bill_which had recently passed gave the President
a discretionary power to fill up "the companies to
eighty men each. But if this measure passed, there
might be no necessity for the exercise of that
power.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON understood, he said,
thatthe number of mounted men would beincreased
by these different bills to twenty-four hundred.
Such a number would not be necessary as a perma-
nent force to keep the Indians in check. Aflerone
whipping, they would be peaceable for many years.
The mounted men now employed in Texas would
not be wanted there for more than two years. He
