654
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
was willing to grant this escort to our citizens who
were emigrating to Oregon, not because they want-
ed it, but because it was our duly to afford them
protection.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF would detain the House
a few moments, ho said, upon a question which
had not been discusscd—that provision in the bill
which related to the establishment of military posts.
Gentlemen had differed as to the quality of the
troops to be raised, and as to the question whether
any should be raised at all; but it was absolutely
necessaiy that the posts should be garrisoned.
.Now, we were told that our emigrants could go out
without the aid of an escort. They would set out
from Fort Independence, and hare ajourney before
them of two thousand miles, ia the whole extent
of which they would not meet a solitary civilized
settlement. There was not a place on the route
whore the comforts of civilized life could be ob-
tained, not a place where the services of a physi-
cian or surgeon could be had. There was not a
place oil the route where a horse could lie shod, or
a wagon repaired, unless through the means of a ,
travelling forge. He would conjure the House not |
to sacrifice the posts through any difference of'
opinion as to the kind of troops to be employed.
Some wtie m favor of "masteilv inactivity," and
others were ill favor of "master^ activity:" but the :
policy of promoting emigration was an clement in i
both of these systems. All could unite, therefore, !
on this measure. For years and years the Gov- ;
eminent has recommended it. Mr. Poinsett and
all his successors urged it. The people call for it. i
All agreed that there must be a mail route to Ore- >
gou, and if so, we must have stations on the route |
for the mail. I
Mr. McOLERNAND rose and said, that the ,
surprise winch he had felt at the very stienumis j
opposition made, was enhanced when he looked to .
thegniunds upon which it had been in (he main •
predicated. It was a fact, in his judgment, that
the bill had been opposed more for 'imaginary than
real, substantial reasons. Gentlemen hnd assumed i
facta to exist which did not exist, and had reason- ;
ed from them to conclusions adverse to the nieos- H
ore. Such had been the case with the gentleman ,1
fiom Mississippi, fjVir. Thompson.] That gen tie- <\
man had assumed that, if we raised the pioposcd j!
regiment, it would become a part of the permanent :j
l.niitaiy establishment. And why so1 Upeauwe, ,|
as the gentlfiom cays, we have never been aMc ■!
to leduce the army after increasing it. Now, en-, :
:V gentleman's premises are altogether hypo-1
thotical—indeed, they are contrary" to the incl. ;
The army is smaller now than tile pence establish- '
ment of 1808, ]S12, lsjo, 1821, or J842. Dm nig i!
t'lfi interval between the two first-named peiiori^
it amounted lo 9,128 men; dining llie next, it
amounted to U,.",96; m 1812, it amounted to Jll,51U;
and, since that, it has been reduced to 7,888, con-
siderably less than it was in 1808. At the last men-
tioned date, our population was about 7,000,000,
and the receipts from customs were $16,363|o50;
now our population is some 20,000,000, and the'
receipts from customs for the last fiscal year weie
^27,000,000. fchnce 1808, the frontier of the Re-
public lias been extended west, so as to embrace
an empire m itself, so that the decrease of the mili-
tary force is relatively much greatei than it shows
to be in numbers.
The cause of the gentleman's opposition to a per-
manent increase of the army is the fear which he ex-
presses, that the military might become dang*rous
to liberty. Mr. McC. said he had heard much of
the danger of standing armies to free institutions.
As an abstract proposition, there was much truth
m it; but he hud long believed that much of the
clamor which he had heard in this country about
the dangers of standing armies, was mere derna-
go'jiiisio. Might not the outcry wiiich was raised
against Mr. Van Buren, and his purpose more effi-
ciently to organize the militia, be justly so descri-
bed? Standing armies rarely, if ever, become
dangerous to a people, until, by n gradual process
of degeneration and corruption, they became ripen-
ed for military subjugation. He thanked God that
there was no danger of a standing army m this
country now, and he hoped it would ever be so.
The American people—the whole people—■consti-
tute the American army, and so it was m all free
States. Here the people were attached to peace
for itself, as an agent to develop their individual
and collective energies, and those of their happy
and beloved institutions; and the signal for the aa-
April 10,
! j nihilation of any organized force which Congress
!j might raise, would be the attemptof such aforce to
subjugate the people or overturn our institutions.
There was a time in the history of the Roman
empire, when long preexisting corruptions and
degradation had prepared the people to submit to a
military yoke. The Praetorian band, depraved" by
a variety of causes, mounted the ramparts, and
with a loud voice proclaimed the "Roman world
was for sale," and actually sold it to an obscure
but wealthy senator for 6,250 drachms. But we
have not arrived at that point in the downward
scale of degeneracy and ruin. Our flight is still
upward—our course is still onward—full of hope
and promise to ourselves and to mankind.
The gentleman from Mississippi, however, says
that we have already passed a bill which may in-
crease the military establishment from 7,000 to
about 12,000 men. He must be aware that the
increase of which he speaks is a contingent one—
to be made or not, at the discretion of "the Presi-
dent, Now, if this be the case, and it is, the fact
nullifies his argument; for if we raise this regiment
it will deduct as much from the contingent force
provided for. In effect, this will be no increase of
the army, additional to what provision lias been
made for, cither positively or conditionally.
Another misapprehension of gentlemen is, that
the ciention of this regiment looks towards hostili-
j tv with Great Britain. The Piesident rccommends
j it for no such purpose. Independent and irrespec-
; tivoof the insecurity of our relations with foreign
i nations, humanity and sound policy require it.
; Congress and the country seem to be fatally un- i
j conscious of the fact that we have a valuable and :
! prowm* commerce upon the prairies of the Far ■
i West, and the lives of American citizens there to ■
I protect, asainst the treachery, piracy, and hostility '
I of numerous warlike bands of savages. These in- !
; terests are distinct from the interests and security ;
] of the immediate western frontiers. In 1S33, per- j
Imps, the first regiment of dragoons was raised; [
; in 1S3G the second. The first was commanded by j
I General Dodge, nowby Colonel Kearny. The sec- \
ond by Colonel Twines. They were designed, as |
far as he understood, to protect the frontiers, and
to restrain the savages inhabiting the frontiers,
from warring upon each other. At the time they
were cieated, our frontier extended only from
Lake Superior to the Sabine. Since then, it has
been extended fiom the .Sabine, several hundred
miles through roving and savage bands, to the Rio
Grande. If these regiments were only sufficient
for tiie service to winch they were orignally assign-
ed, much less are they competent to that which de- |
mamls the attention of the Government now, and
still le««R.since the second regiment has been order-
ed to join the army of occupation under General j
Taylor upon the confines of Mexico.
The regiment now proposed is designed neither
for the exigency of a collision with England nor for
the frontier service mentioned. It is designed to
protect American emigration and the commerce of
the prairies, as before mentioned. The magnitude
of these interests will appear from the subjoined
extract:
" Four groat trails ladiate towards the west from Inde
pendencc, Missouri:
Jn. The Mis^oim liver to the noitb. into the countries of
the Oiows, fllaekfeet, Giosventu*®, Blood Indian*, A^mt-
bom«, and others—more tlvm forty tribe*—rich in furs, wild, !
wai like, arid numerous. The tiade of the Missouri river 1
embrace 120,000 Indians.
" 2d. The Oregon trail, passing by tbe Great Platte to the
South Pavs. A'ong this are the Kansas, Pawnees, Sioux, i
<'he) Mines, Half-breeds-. Ampliation, Arickarees, Shosho-
mes, Hnnnaeks, nnrl Vntn<?—3.~>,000
" 3d. The Mexican trail and its fork to the Upper Arkansas,
t'poii this tiail aie the Osage-;. Pawnees Cumanches. Kio-
was Arnohahoe-?, Cheyenne*-, Apaches, Yutas—m all 40,000.
u4th. TheTcTcastinil,i>a«singfoi the mostpartthroughthe
territories of the Ohoctaws, Cherokees, and other located
Indians—15,000 in numhei.
44 These Embank aie all nomadic tribe's of tbe great plains,
subsisting on buffalo and other game—as elk, deer, ante-
lope, eri-ly bear, beaver, otter, porcupine, icc.~and the
nntural root1', vegetables, and fruits of tbe countrv. The
Yuta*, Shoshonee, Bannack. Crow,and Blackfeet tribes, re-
side within the Roekv Mountains, but visit tbe plains to
hunt, make war, and plunder.
aAri immen«e commerce is carried on with tbese tubes,
and through the countnes which they inhabit.
14 This comuieice may ho ananged as follows:
c: Ht. Tbe ti ade in buffalo robes, buffalo calves, furs, pel-
tues hordes, mules, buckskins, moccasins, curiosities, and
tunkets. with tbe Indians.
"•2d. The Mexican tiade in specie, merchandise, gold
dust, robes, peltnes, blankets, horses, mules, Mexican sad-
dies, bridles, spurs, &c.
"'3d. An immense emigration to Oregon and California,
by one trail, and to Texas by another. The former periodi-
cal with the seasons, the latter constant; both vigorous,
well established, and annually augmenting in value and
numbers.
" Under these separate heads, behold the value in money
to the American people of this commerce, carried on by
companies, partnoiships, and individuals.
"The supplies for the Indian tiade are transported in
steamboats up the Missouri, and in wagons to the base of
the Rocky Mountains, along their whole range, from New
Mcxieo to the British boundary line.
" The capital employed amounts to §1,250,000
«The yield, in the aggregate, 120,000 buffalo
robes, at $4 each  480,000
" Other items—calves, buckskins, peltries..,.., 36,009
" Added to these is the amount of the annuities paid to the
Indians of the fiontier, which returns mto the border States,
m exchange foi merchandise and cattle.
« One thousand Americans are engaged directly and indi-
rcctlv in the'prosecution of this trade.
" The Mexican trade, passing acio^s the Indian country,
penetrates as far as Mexico city, and Guymas, and Mazat-
lan, upon the Pacific. No doubt upward of $2,000,000 of
capital and 1,200 men are employed in this trade, which is
about to receive a great impulse duiing the present season
from the drawback given by the last Congress.
" The tiade returns annually, besides lobes, furs,peltries,
mules, and horses, $750,000 in Mexican silver coin and gold
du<t. The exports to Mexico are silks woollen, and cot-
ton fabrics, shoes, cutlery, wagons, pleasure carriages, play-
ing-cards, American horses, &c.
"Other routes* fiom Arkansas and Texas also share in
this Mexican commerce, a portion of the returns of which
come home bv sea.
" The emigration to Oregon passing into that territory by
the sources of the Platte and Arkansas rivers, has been—
" In 1842,137 men, women, and children: in 1843,875men,
women, and children, and 1,300 head of cattle; in 1844,
1,475 men, women, and children, and 3,000 head of cattle
and sheep; in 1845,3,000 men, women, and children, and
7,500 head of cattle and sheep.
" These emigrating parties together with smaller ones by
sea, fiom the mountains, and from California, make the
American population of Oregon about 8,000; which, added
to 1,250 British, gives the strength oi the white population
of that tenitoiv.
"The emigration to Texas has been as yet many times
greater than that to Oregon, and a great traffic attends the
passage of so many parties through the Indian countnes."
Mr. McC. said he vouched for the authority of
Mr. William Gilpin, a gentleman of the highest in-
| telligence and authority. Mr. G. resides upon the
! wcstci n frontier, and lately made a visit to Oregon,
! and he speaks of what he knows.
| The regiment now proposed, is intended to pro-
tect these interests, and the human life involved in
them. Jts field of operations will he in the great
plains, which stretch from the frontiers to the
Rocky mountains—800 miles in width, and in
length stretching from the Gulf of Mexico to the
Arctic seas—inhabited by some 200,000 savages,
some of them the most warlike and the best horse-
men in the world. It will also be a part of its ser-
vice to protect our interests, agricultural and com-
mercial, and to afford security to our settlements
west of the Rocky Mountains. For the want of
protection, we have already lost two thousand valu-
able lives in these regions, besides a large amount
of property, in consequenc of the hostile and pirat-
ical habits of the savages. Is it not time, there-
fore, in view of all these things, that the Govern-
ment should act ? Shall millions be poured out for
the encouragement and protection of commerce
upon the high seas, and the lives of our citizens,
and our commerce upon the prairies, be left the
victims and spoils of savages?
The hour (to which, by the order of the House
of yesterday, debate was limited) having expired,
the committee proceeded to vote.
The first question was on the proposition of Mr.
Brtnkerhoff, (from the Committee on Military
Affairs,) to amend the first scction—
4! By striking out the word * mounted,' so as to
4 make the regiment a regiment of riflemen on foot,
4 but that the President be authorized to mount the
4 whole or any part of the said regiment whenever
4 he may be of opinion that the exigencies of the
4 public service require it."
The amendment was rejected.
And then Mr. B. withdrew certain other amend-
ments, contingent on the adoption of this, and not
pertinent in the event of its rejection.
Mr. G. "\V. JONES offered the folio wing amend-
ment; which was rejected:
''Strike out the proviso for raising a regiment
4 of mounted riflemen, and insert:4 That the Presi-
4 dent of the United States be, snd he hereby is,
4 authorized to accept volunteers who may offer
4 their ser\iees as mounted riflemen, not exceed-
4 ing one regiment, to serve for two years after
4 they shall have arrived at the place of rendez-
' vous, unless sooner discharged, who shall elect
4 their own regimental and company officers.'"
Mr. McCONNELL moved an amendment, pro-
