THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED
AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON,
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress,
1st Session.
THURSDAY, APRIL 16, 1846.
New Series.... No. 42.
vision of an annuity for life—was announced to
him here last month.
The gentleman making the communication ac-
companied it with this declaration and statement
of its origin and objects:
" This fund has been raised, freely and cheer-
* fully ,kby your friends, in evidence of their grate-
* ful sense of the valuable services you have ren-
* dered to your whole country. They have done
' it without your sanction or knowledge, and with
* some reason to imagine that their purpose might
1 not be entirely acceptable to you. Your friends
4 are numerous; the same who for five and twenty
' years have rallied round you. But time will do
' its work on all of us; and when increasing age
' shall render labor irksome to you, and call for re-
* pose, these friends, or many of them, may be in
* their graves. If what has been done be not
* needful for the present, it may yet hereafter tend
' to the comfort of your advancing years, and
x serve hereafter to recall to your mind friends
' whose hearts have been with you."
In this communication there is not the slightest
reference to Mr. Webster's remaining in Congress,
or to his leaving Congress; still less to his support
of any interest, any policy, or any party in the
country. Its motive is declared to be a grateful
ssense of the valuable services rendered to " the
whole country.1'
And I take it upon myself to say, sir, because I
know, that this proceeding originated with per-
sons deeply, if not exclusively, interested in the
commerce of the country. Nor is it difficult to
understand how those interested in that commerce,
as well as those who are at ail times gratified with
the preservation of honorable peace, and with an
able and successful defence of just maritime rights,
should find cause to be grateful for the public ser-
vices of Mr. Webster.
But it is my purpose, on this occasion, to ex-
plain, and not to eulogize. Such an explanation
was due to Mr. Webster; but not to lnm alone.
It was due to the honorable and generous men, my
constituents, who have been parlies to this trans-
action, and upon whom the charge of having pen-
sioned an agent to advocate any peculiar interests
of their own, is a gross and unworthy imputation.
It was equally due to the Commonwealth of Mas-
sachusetts, whose immediate and honored Senator
and servant, Mr. Webster is. He is here as no
agent of private individuals. He holds his scat by
the free and unsolicited suffrages of the Legislature
of Massachusetts. He was elected by the honest
and independent members of that body two years
ago, as he had been several times before, because
his principles were known, and his ability proved;
and because in maintaining those principles, with
the unsurpassed power which ho has uniformly
exhibited, they believed that he would advance the
best interests, not merely of their own fellow-citi-
zens, without distinction of pursuit or party, but
the best interests of the whole people of the Union.
With these remarks, I leave the subject.
Mr. YANCEY (leave being further granted to
him for personal explanation) said: I perceive,
Mr. Speaker, in the Baltimore American of this
morning, in a letter written by its letter-writer from
this city, the following statement in its account of
the proceedings of the House yesterday:
" Mr. Yancey spoke nearly an hour in continued
'animadversion upon Mr. Webster. He would
' loathe, he said, to keep company xvilh Daniel Webster,
' and the whole speech was in this spirit."
The writer (said Mr. Y.) mistook my remark.
What I did say, alluding to the facts I had some-
what fully demonstrated in relation to his politi-
cal course during the last war and some other of
his public acts, was, that I should loathe any poli-
tical connexion with Mr. Webster. And so 1 am
reported in theNationarintelligencer of this morn-
ing. How I would like a personal connexion, it
is not for me now to say.
In another portion of the letter, this letter-writer
says, that in relation to Mr. Webster being a pen-
sioned agent of the manufacturing interest,
" Mr. Ashmun said the charge was untrue, and
called for proof."
42
Now, (said Mr. Y.,) Mr. Ashmun said no such
thing, or if he said it, it did not reach my ears.
The report of the Intelligencer says that Mr.
, Ashmun rose and interrupted me, unci I refused
! the interruption. Thereupon he took his seat.
| He did not say the charge was untrue : if he said
it, it was in such a tone of voice that I did not
lieai- it.
I am very glad that the honorable gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Winthrop, | has at
last, by authority, gneu this matter a substantive
form, and shape. It seems 1 was not very wrong
| in the views 1 took in relation to this subject.
Although the friends of the honorable ex-Secretary
of State, in presenting to him this annuity—not in
the shape of manufacturing stocks, but an annuity
secured to him for life—have done it very hand-
somely, and have not sliomi a disposition to pen-
sion him upon the country as a .Senator.
I am glad it has appealed before the country in
some authoritative shape. As it is 1 take it; and
the country will take it. In order to set this matter
more fully before the country, in the remarks which
are published by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, if it should suit his sense of propriety, justice,
and authority upon the subject, for one, 1 should
be glad to see the amount of this annuity, and the
names of those connected with it. I have no right
to demand it; but if it should suit the gentleman's
sense of propriety, in common with the country,
I should be happy to see it,
Mr. WINTHROP. Really, really, sir, the cu-
riosity of the honorable member from Alabama
reaches much farther than my own. 1 cannot an-
swer his inquiry, for I do not know the tact. My
search into Mr. Webster's private aftmrs—my
right of March did not go the length of his questions.
I will say on this point, however,—but not until 1
have asked, (in the way of parenthesis,) how other
Senators and Representatives—nay, how the hon-
orable member himself—would like to have all
their private, affairs, all the circumstances of their
private life and history, unveiled to public view,
and exposed to partisan gaze and scrutiny,—I will
state that the citizens of lioston are not accustomed
to do tilings by halves, and that whatever they
have done in this ease, has undoubtedly been done
with their characteristic liberality. It' the honor-
able member desires it, he may assume the sum
mentioned in the newspapers, lor all me.
Mr. YANCK.Y. Do 1 understand the gentle-
man from Massachusetts to say that this fund was
mode up by the commercial interest?
Mr. WlN'l'ilROP replied in the affirmative.
Mr. YANCEY continued. If it was the com-
mercial interest which originated this gift—a great
public interest, then, thus rewards a public servant,
then m private life, and that person then at once
resumes public life, and while enjoying that annu-
ity, private, if the gentleman from Massachusetts
chooses to call it, mid privately given, this great
public interest naturally looks to this public repre-
sentation in the Senate as its advocate, for he is
living upon its bounty ami chaiity! Is it on unpar-
donable "curiosity," therefore, in me, to desire
to know something of a transaction involving pub-
lic character and morals > Certainly, when taken
in connexion with a charge thus publicly made in
the newspapers, publicly made upon the floor of
Congress, by a member m his place, when this
charge was taken in connexion with the explana-
tion which the honorable gentleman from Massa-
chusetts has made this morning with so much
care, it could not lie deemed curious in him, nor
as prying into Mr. Webster's private affairs, to
desire to know the amount of the subscription,
and by whom it is made. Why? Because it is
a public matter; because it is connected with a
public man; because the charge is made for pub-
lic purposes, and it is deemed sufficiently import-
ant to draw forth a public written explanation,
and by authority. . ....
Mr. WINTHROP interposed, and inquired
whether it had not been the very purport of his
explanation to take away everything of a public
character, and to place it m its true light as a pri-
vate transaction'
Mr. RATHBUN rose, and inquired what was
the question before the House ?
The SPEAKER replied that there was no ques-
tion; but the gentleman from Alabama had been
permitted to make a personal explanation.
Mr. YANCEY, resuming, repeated that this was
a public matter, although the gentleman from
Massachusetts had publicly explained it, that he
might, publicly, make it private. How far this an-
nuity went for public services, and under what
circumstances and by whom it was given, he de-
sired to know, that it might be known whether in
any "just sense or conclusion" it was a pension-
But he would say this much for the explanation of
this matter——
Mr. BRINKERHOFF rose and called for the
orders of the day. He submitted that the person-
al explanation had ceased long ago, and that the
debate had gone off upon extraneous matters.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Alaba-
ma is on the floor by the consent of the House.
Mr. YANCEY (resuming) observed that he was
going on to say that a high and proper example
had been set on this subject of public men's receiv-
ing pensions under the name of piesents for public
services previously rendered.
1 have understood that the venerable gentleman
from Massachusetts has had a splendid Bible thus
presented to him; and that he could not thus re-
ceive it; but sent its value of fc20 to those who had
presented it!
1 understand that a distinguished son of Ken-
tucky [Mr. Crittenden] has had a splendid farm
offered him for public services rendered, and that
he could not, with his high sens'- of propriety, and
of the delieale lelations of a public man to the peo-
ple, accept of such a present! I have never heard
of this being denied or refused by the late ex-
Secretary ofiState.
The subject is indeed " disgusting," sir, which
is the disgust arising from a sickening review of
" disgusting " public acts.
Mr BRINKERHOFF called for the orders of
the day.
MOUNTED RIFLEMEN, ETC.
The House thereupon resumed the consideration
of the unfinished business of yesterday, which was
the bill from the Senate to provide for raising one
regiment of mounted riflemen, and to establish
military posts on the route to Oregon.
And the state of the question was this:
The Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had reported the bill to the House with the
following amendment: " That all the officers of the
aforesaid regiment of riflemen shall be selected
from the regular line of the United States army."
In which amendment the House had concurred.
Mr. FRIES had moved a reconsideration of the
vote; pending which motion, the House had ad-
journed.
And the question now recurred, " Will the
House reconsider the vote by which the said
amendment was concurred in?"
Mr. BRIN K.ERHOFF asked the yeas and nays;
whic.h were ordered.
Mr. RATHBUN moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid on the table. - •
The SPEAKER said, if that motion should pre-
vail, it would carry the bill also to the table. .
Whereupon, Mr. RATHBUN withdrew his
motion.
Mr. HARALSON inquired whether the motion
to reconsider was debatable.
The SPEAKER said no; the previous question
had been ordered, and not yet exhausted.
Mr. HARALSON said he would have been glad
of an opportunity to make a few remarks.
The question was then taken, and resulted as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Bedinger, Bell, Biggs,
James Black, Buwlin, Boyd, Brnikerhoff, Burt, Cathcart,
Cliase, Chipmau, Cobb, Cullom, Cummins, Cunningham,
Jefferson Davis, De Mott, Dobbin, Douglass, Dromgoole,
Ellsworth, Erdrnan, Far an, Ficklin, Foster, Fries, Garvin,
Giles, Gordon, Haralson, Henley, Hoge, Hough, George S.
Houston, Edmund W. Hubard, James B. Hunt, Charles J.
IngersoU, Jenkins, La Sere, Lumpkin, Maelay, McCIean,
MrOlpJhtnd, Mc-Olerriandj McOonnell, Joseph J. McDowell,
