1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
659
Mr. BRINKERHOFF. I therefore move to
iay the motion to reconsider on the table, and X
demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Some conversation followed between Messrs.
HAMLIN, HENLEY, and W. HUNT, on inci-
dental questions of order.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF, on further considera-
tion, said he-would modify his motion. He de-
manded the previous question, on the motion to
reconsider, withdrawing his motion to lay on the
table*
The question was then taken on the demand for
the previous question, and there was a second.
Mr. RATHBUN moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid on the table; which motion, by
 yes 54, "noes 82, was rejected.
So the motion was not laid on the table.
Mr. McKAY inquired whether it would be in
order to move to postpone the consideration of the
question until a future day, in order to ascertain
whether the Senate would pass the bill authori-
zing- the increase of the rank and file of the army ?
Thev SPEAKER said the motion would not be
in order.
And the question " Will the House i*econsider
the vote by which the bill was passed?" was taken,
and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. John CI, Adams, Biggs, James Black,
Bowiin, Boyd, Brockenbrough, Cathcart, Reuben Chap-
man, Chipman, Cobb, Crozier, Cummins, Cunningham,
Jefferson Davis, Be Mott, Dobbin, Dockory, Douglass,
Dromgoole, Ellsworth, Erdman, Farnn, Ficklin, Fo&ter,
<3-aiVm, Giles, Gordon, Graham, Hampton, Haralson, £I:u-
munson, Henley, Ho*e, Hough, George S. Houston, Hun-
seiford, James B. Hunt, CharleH J. InsersoU, Jenkins,
James IT Johnson, Kennedy, La Sere, X^umpkin, Muchiy,
MeClelland, McClemand, Joseph J. McDowell, James
McDowell, McGaughoy, McKay, John P. Martin, Barkloy
Martin, Mom?, Nivon, Noma, Owen, Paruah, Payne, Petm,
Phelp*, Price, Reid, Ridle, Robert*, tfawtollo,
Sawyer, Leonard II. Rims, Thomas Smith, Ruben fc'nilih,
Stanton, Starkweather, St. John, Strong, Jmn"s Thomp
son, Jacob Thompson, Tliurm.m, Tibbntte, Wontwoith,
Wick, Williams, Wilmot, and Yell—83.
NAYS-—Messrs. Abbott, Anderson, Arnold, Atkinson,
Bftrringer, Bayly, Bedmger, Roil, Benton, James A. Hlaek,
Blanchard, Brinkcrlioff, Brodhead, Milton Brown, William
G. Brown, William W. Campbell, Carroll, John G. Chap-
man, Augustus A. Chapman, Chase, Clarke, Coeke, Culla-
mer, Cran«ton, Cnlloin, Culver, Dmutl, (rutted IMvip,
Ddiiiiirliam, Divon, Dunl.jp, CfLsall, Kd\un H. ICvvintr. V'oot,
Gentry, Glider, Gruuiell, Grover, llamlm, Harper, Milliard,
Bha.-* B. 1-folmea, l>aao E. Holmes, Edmund W. Hulmrd,
Samuel I). Hubbard, Hudson, Washington Hunt, Joseph
R. IugersnU, Joseph Johnson, George W. Jones), grnhorn
Jone.*, Thomas Hurler King, Lawrence, Lewis, l,ontf>
McClean, MeConnclJ, MeCrate, MeHonry, M^flviune,
Marsh, Miller, Moive. Motley, Pendleton, Pollock, Rath-
bun, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Root, Runk,
Scammon, Schenck, Seddon, ftevorance, Simpson, Tru-
man Smith, Albert Bmith, Caleb B. Smith, Stewart, Sirohm,
Tiubodeau.^ Thomasson, Titden, Trcdway, Tmmbo, Vin-
ton, Wheaion, White, Wuuhrop, Wood, Woodward,
Wright, Yancey, and Yohng-—9U.
So the vote was not reconsidered.
THE PRIVATE CAtENDAR.
On motion of Mr. DANIEL, the House pro-
ceeded .to the consideration of bills on the private
calendar.'
The bill for the allowance of the commutation
of five years full pay, in lieu of the half-pay for
life, to which Col. Wro. Grayson, of the revolu-
tionary army, was entitled, to his legal representa-
tives, was first in order.
This bill was ably and extensively debated for
several days in Committee of the Whole, and was
reported to the House with a recommendation that
it pass. On the 28th March it was rcjccted on the
question that it be engrossed and road the third
time; and on the 30th of the same month a motion
was made to reconsider the vote thus rejecting the
bill.
And the question now came up on the reconsid-
eration.
Mr. HILLIARD, in a short and eloquent
speech, portrayed the life and eminent public
services, military and civil, of Col. Grayson, and
earnestly advocated the bill.
Mr. HOGE moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
Mr. MeDOWELL, of Ohio, moved a call of
the House. It was negatived.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, moved an
adjournment.
'The "yeas and nays being ordered, he with-
drew it.
It was renewed by another member; and—
The question was taken by yeas and nays, and
there were for the adjournment 39, against it 105.
So the House refused to adjourn.
And the question was then taken by yeas and
nays that the motion to reconsider do lie on the
table, and there were: Yeas 89, nays 67.
Sundry bills which have heretofore been report-
ed from the Committee of the Whole, with a rec-
ommendation that they do pass, being first in or-
der, viz:
The bill for the relief of Wiley B, Parnell;
The bill for the relief of Isabella Baldridge, wid-
ow of-Captain John Baldridge;
The bill for the relief of Sampson Brown;
Were severally ordered to a third reading, were
read a third time, and passed.
The bill for the relief of Langtry and Jenkins
coming up—
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS opposed the bill.
Mr. DANIEL explained the case, and the pa-
pers were read.
Messrs. STEPHEN ADAMS and POLLOCK
supported the bill.
After the debate closed, the bill was ordered
to a third reading, and was read the third time and
passed.
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, dpril 13, 1846.
Mr. ATCHISON presented a petition of 620
citizens of Missouri, asking that Havana, in
that State, may be nmde the eastern terminus of
the mail-route to Oregon. A hill upon the subject
having been reported, the petition was laid on the
table.
Mr. DIX presented two remonstrances of citi-
zens of Ontario and Cayu<ra counties;, Now Yoik,
against the renewal of Jeshm Wood's patent;
which weie laid on the table.
Mr. CORWIN presented a remonstrance of cit-
izens of Medina county, Ohio, against the renewal
of Jethro Wood's patent; winch was laid on the
table.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, presented several
petitions from citizens of Louisiana, proving an
appropriation for the removal of obstructions lo
the navigation of the Sabine river; which wore re-
ferred to the Committer on Commerce.
Mr. WESTCOTT presented the petition of the
administrator of James Livingston, deceased, pray-
ing to be allowed commutation pay, with interest;
which was referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims,
Mr. DIX submitted the following resolution;
which was agreed to:
Jit so ImU That the Committee on the Library
bo insti ucted to inquire, into the expediency of
purchasing a portrait of the Karon Steuben.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON submitted the following
resolution:
Resolved) That the Hecrotnry of State be directed
to communicate to the Senate any proceeding or
decision of the commissioners Kitting under the
treaty of Paris of ]Kll, by which any claims for
spoliations on American commerce by the French
prior to the ratification of the convention of Septem-
ber 30, 1800, were rejected or disallowed by said
commissioners, together with the reasons, if any,
assigned by said commissioners therefor.
At the suggestion of Mr. ALLEN, the resolu-
tion was ordered to he over, under the rule.
Mr. BREESH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, asked that said committee be discharged
from the further consideration of the petition of!
Isaac Barnes, praying the. right of pre-emption to 1
certain lands; which was agreed to. !
Mr. P>. also, from the same committee, moved t
that the memorial of the Legislature of Missis- I
sippij praying the enactment of a law for quieting
titles to lands in that State, be printed for the use
of the Senate, as containing valuable information;
which motion was agreed to.
Mr. B. also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of the Galena and Chi-
cago Railroad Company, asking the right of way
through the public lands, and the pre-emption right
to said lands through which the road should pass,
reported " A bill to grant to the Galena and Chi-
cago Railroad Company the right of way through
the public lands, and for other purposes;" which
was read, and passed to a second reading.
The report, accompanying the bill was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. B. also moved that the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the memorial of the delegates from the
northern counties of Illinois; which motion was
agreed to.
TERMINATION OF THE DEBATE.
Mr. ALLEN rose and remarked that he thought
it might be assumed as tolerably certain that some
time within the present week the Senate would
proceed to vote on the Oregon" resolutions. This
being the case, he was of the opinion that it would
be an accommodation to many Senators to have
an understanding as to the exact day on which the
Senate would proceed to vote upon them. And
he would here state that it was his intention when
they came to the vote to move to lay upon the
table the resolution reported by the Committee on
Foreign Relations, and to take up that which was
sent to them from the House of Representatives,
in order to test the sense of the Senate upon that
resolution. He was desirous that a day should
be determined on, inasmuch as some of the mem-
bers of the body would be unavoidably absent, he
understood, within a few days, and they would
like to time their absencc so that it should not fall
on that day when the vote should he taken.
Mr. Ii. J-OHNSON. Does the Senator name a
day ?
Mr. ALLEN. I would propose that it be Wed-
nesday next, or Thursday, if, the Senators prefer
it.
Mr. MOREHEAD said that for one he had not
the slightest objection to fixing upon some day for
terminating the debate, provided it was not to be
regarded as establishing a precedent.
[Mr. WEttSTER here intimated that such was
not the intention.]
Mr. M. was quite willing, then, that Thursday
should be the day. He would remind the Sena-
tor, however, that discussion might arise on the
various propositions by way of amendment to the
resolution ot' notice, which would preclude the
possibility of taking the final vote on that day.
Mr. R. JOHNSON presumed that any gentle-
man desiring to speak on Thursday, would not be
cut off by this arrangement.
Mr. 1JANNEGAN. Certainly not. But the
Senate may rofu.se to adjourn.
Mr. ALLEN stated that it was not proposed to
establish any arbitrary rule, which would be con-
trary to the practice of the Senate. Nor was? it his
desire to interfere with the rights or wishes 'of any
Senator who might desire to speak. But 6very
Senator could resolve in his own mind that the de-
bate should terminate, and not to adjourn before a
vote was taken,
Mr. WEBSTER. I have no objection.
Mr. ALLEN then suggested that Wednesday
might be fixed on.
Mr. WEBSTER. Thursday.
M. ALLEN acquiesced, and named Thursday.
Mr. MOREHEAD suggested that a-discussion,
after the fust vote, might arise on the various
amendments, and the debate might thus be pro-
tracted beyond the day named.
Mr. WEBSTER. Such debate would be short.
Mr. ALLEN. It is not likely that a discussion
on the amendments would be a very protracted
one. After a debate of such length, every Senator
must have pretty clearly determined, in his own
mind, as to the form of notice for which he will
vote. As regards myself, such is my unwilling-
ness to put off the final vote on this question, that
I will waive my right to reply to any remarks
made during the discussion, reserving the privilege
to answer on some occasion which may present
itself hereafter. When a running discussion arises,
it has been the usual practice of the Senate to sit
it out; otherwise, we should no sooner see land,
than we might be at sea again.
Here the conversation dropped.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON expressed a hope that
the resolution which he had just submitted might
be taken up for consideration.
Mr. ALLEN had no particular objection. He
asked for the reading.
The resolution was then read.
M. WEBSTER briefly explained its object. A
reference of petitions and memorials regarding cer-
tain claims had been made to a committee, in the
duties of which the honorable Senator from Dela-
ware [Mr. J. M. Clayton] took a principal part.
These claims were for spoliations by the French
