1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
661
and second time, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
The bill from the House of Representatives for
tlie relief of Sampson Brown, was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Pensions,
The bill from the House of Representatives for
the relief of Isabella Baldridge, Widow of Captain
John Baldridge, was read a first and second time-,
<and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
The bill from the House of Representatives for
the relief of "Wiley B, ParneH, of Blount county,
Alabama, was reaa a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee ori Public Lands.
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, the Senate then pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and after a few minutes so spent, the doors were
again opened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, April 13, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday having been read in
part-
Mr. J. P. MA.RTIN moved that the further read-
ing be dispensed with, and that the House proceed
•to the orders of the day, with a view to take action
■on the bill in relation to the mileage of members.
And the question having been taken, the House
decided that the further reading sho-uld not be dis-
pensed with.
The Journal was then read through, tuid ap-
proved.
The SPEAKER said that the regular business
of the day would be the call of the States for reso-
lutions, commencing with the Territory of Iowa.
Mr. BRODHEAD asked leave to offer the fol-
lowing resolution, which was read for informa-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the House bill, entitled "A
bill relative to licensing, &c., of enn.tl boats."
Objection having been made, the resolution was
not received.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION-
Mr. ASHMUN asked for leave to make a brief
personal explanation; and leave being granted, lie
said, that while he was absent from the Mouse on
Saturday, the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Ya.n-
cky] had made an allusion to hint which he desired
to notice.
Mr. SEABORN JONES suggested that Mr.
Yancey was not now in his seat, and that the ex-
planation had better be made at some time when he
was present.
Mr. ASHMUN said he would, with great pleas-
ure, defer his remarks, according to the fuiggestion,
if he could be sure of having the floor at a future
time, although the' gentleman from Alabama had
made his statement at a time when he (Mr. A,)
was out of the House. But he would be governed
by the general sense of the House.
[Cries of " go on" from all parts of the House,]
Mr. ASHMUN then proceeded to say that he
found in the report of Saturday's debate, am given
in the Intelligencer of this morning, the following:
" Mr. Yancey asked leave to make a personal
explanation, and leave being granted, ho said: ( I
perceive, Mr. Speaker, in the Baltimore American
of this morning, in a letter written by its letter-
writer from this city, the following statement in
its account of the proceedings of the House yes-
terday:'
" 4 Mr. Yancey spoke nearly an hour in con-
tinued animadversion upon Mr. Webster. He
would loathe, ke said, to keep company with. Daniel
Webster, and the whole speech was in the spirit
of this remark.'
{< The writer (said Mr. Y.) mistook my remark.
What I did say, alluding to the facts 1 had some-
what fully demonstrated in relation to his political
course during the last war and some other of his
public acts, was, that I should loathe any political
connexion with Mr. Webster. And so I am re-
ported in the National Intelligencer of this morn-
ing. How I would .like a personal connexion, it
is not for me now to/jay\ .
(< In another portion of the letter, this letter-
writer says that, in relation to Mr. Webster being
a pensioned agent of the manufacturing interest—
" * Mr. Ashmtjn said the charge was untrue,
and called for proof.'
"Now, (said Mr. Y.,) Mr. Ashmun said no
such thing, or if he said it, it did not reach my
ears,
" The report of the Intelligencer says that Mr.
Ashmun rose and interrupted me, and i refused the
interruption. Thereupon he took his seat. He did
not say the charge was untrue; if he said it, it was
in such a tone of voice that I did not hear it."
Now, sir, I desire to set this matter right, and
state the occurrence precisely as it took place. It
will be recollected, that on Thursday the gentleman
from Alabama hud made specific charges against
Mr. Webster upon the authority of newspaper ru-
mors. He charged, upon this authority, that Mr.
Webster stood in the Senate as the pensioned agent
of the manufacturing interest; that the manufactur-
ers had raised a fund of $100,000 to place him m
the Senate; and he asked whether, when he came
to advocate the tariff, he would not stand before the
people as a pensioned agent, and roll this fund as a
sweet inoisel under his tongue? Not content with
this—with stating in such general terms these news-
paper rumors—hp, on the next day, repented the
general charge, with an additional specification, that
he understood, upon the same newspaper authority,
that the $100,000 hart been invested in manufactur-
ing stocks, so that his interest was more direct in
endeavoring to sustain the tariff. At this point 1
did interrupt the gentleman from Alabama, and
asked him to yield the door for an explanation, but
he jTercmptorilv refused to permit me to make an
explanation. friiis he had a right to do. An ap-
peal of this kind is only to the courtesy of the gen-
tleman who is upon the floor; and he must exercise,
it according to his o\\ n views of propriety. I have
no right to complain. But, sir, when the gentle-
man thus refused mo the opportunity of explana-
tion, 1 did say that, the charge was not true. The
gentleman says that ** Mr. Ashmijjt said no such
thing, or if he suid it, it did not reach my cars."
1 presume, then, that he did not hear it; but I did
say it in a tone of voice which was intended to
reach him, and every one else in the House, and
it was heard by every gentleman around, and by
some, at least, of the reporters of the public press.
The account of the occurrence, therefore, in the
Baltimore American, so far us I am concerned, is
correct.
AME&ICAN SETTLERS IN OREGON.
Mr. JAMES THOMPSON moved that, the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (for the purpose of ta-
king up the bill to protect the rights of American
settlers in the territory of Oregon until the termi-
nation of the joint occupation of the same.)
M\\ BOYD demanded tellers, but changed his
motion to a demand for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered, and, being taken, resulted as follows:
YEA?*—Messrs. Bayly, Bcdingei, Benton, Bi#R?, Juntos
Rlnek, Jn u«*a A. Muck, Bowlin, Jloyd, Burt, (Jathoart,
C'lmso, (Jhlpmiwi, Clarke, Cobb, t'ullom, Cummin*, Cun-
ningham, Daniel, Dnrgun, De Mott, Dillingham, Dobbin,
Dtxiglugt, Uuiilan, EtUnll, Erdnum, Fries, CSarvin, Giles,
Gordon, ftrover, Hamlin, liarnUjon, Hojje, Hopkins, Hough,
(*eo. rf. Houston, J&lmund VV. Uubard, flungeribid, James
U. Hunt, Hunter, Charles J. In^er.-oll, Jenkins Seaborn
JmioN, lu'imeilv, La £rre, Lumpkin, Mae lay, 'lelhmi,
McClermunl, McCrate, Joseph J. McDowell", McKay, John
P. Martin, Barkloy Martin, Niven, Norrif, Owen, Parrwh,
Price, Uathbun, Keid, Itiuer, Sawyer, Leonard II. tfima,
Simpson, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Starkweather,
f4vk<-s James Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Tredway,
Wentworth, Wheaton, Wiek, William?, Woodward, Yan-
cey. and Yell—SO.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, John Q. Adams. Stephen Adams,
Ashman, Bummrei", Bell, Blanohard, lirodhead, MrUon
Brown, Willmiu < . Brown, William W. Campbell, Carroll,
('oeke, ColiuMU'r, Cranston, Crozier, Culver, Garrett Davis,
Jefferson Davis, Dixon, Doekery, Drom#ooh>, John II. Eiv-
ms, Foot, (Jenuy, Graham, Gridcr, Hampton, Harper, Hen-
ley. ftli.is B. Holme.-!, Hudson, Wa>hms;ton Hunt, Joseph R.
tngersoll, Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson, Thomas But-
ler Kin^r, Lewi«, I on?  MeCIcau, MeOonnell, J. McDowell,
MeGaughey, MeH«'nry, Mdlvaine, Marsh, Miller, Morse,
Moseiey, Pendleton, Phelps. Pollock, Ramsey, Relfe. Ju-
lius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Root, Runk, Scammon,
Schenck, Seddon, Severance,Truman Smith, Albert Smith,
Caleb B. Smith, Stewart, St. John, Strohm, Thibodeaux,
Thomasson, Tibbatts, Trambo, Vinton, Winthrop, Wood,
Woodruff, VYnght, and Young—78.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, Mr. Hamlin,
of Maine, in the chair.
Mr. JAMES THOMPSON moved that the
committee proceed to the consideration of the bill
above designated by him.
Mr. BRODHEAD gave noticc that if the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Thompson] should not prevail, he (Mr. B.) would
move to take up the bill in relation to the licensing
of canal boats.
And Mr. HARALSON gave notice of a bill,
the title of which could not be heard, but which
was understood to be a bill in relation to certain
fortifications.
The question, on the motion of Mr. THOMP-
SON having been taken, the vote stood—ayes 79,
noes 68.
So the committee proceeded to the consideration
of the following bill: which was read through:
"A BH/L to protect the rights of American settlers in the
territory of Oregon, until the termination of the joint oc-
cupation of the same.
" Be it enacted foj the Senate and House of Representatives
: of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
| the jurisdiction of the supreme court of the Territory of
1 Iowa, and the law5? of said Territory, so far as the same
{ may be applicable, are hereby extended over all that
! portion of the ternfmy of the United States which lies
. weat of the Koeky Mountains; and 'also over all that por-
> tion of the intermediate conntrv west of the Missoun river,
} and between th<> fortieth and forty-third parallels of north
• latitude: Provided, That this act shall not be construed nor
I executed in such a manner a> to deprive the subjects of
J Great Britain of any of the rights and privileges secured by
| the third article of the treaty signed at London, October
i 2i)th, eighteen hundred and eighteen, and continued in force
' by the treaty of August sixth, eighteen hundred and twenty-
j seven, (until said treaty stipulation shall cease by virtue of
j the notice provided for in the sccond article of said last-
! mentioned treaty.)
: « Skc. 2. And be if further enactcd* That all the country
j described in the tirut section of this act shall constitute one
j judicial district, and a district court shall be held therein by
1 the judge to be appointed under thi* act, at such times and
, places a* he shall designate; and said court shall possess
! all the powers and authority vested in the present distiict
courts <>f jsjiid Territory of low.i. An additional justice of
I tlu« supreme court of'the Territory of Iowa shall be ap-
j pointed, who shall hold his office by the same tenure, re-
' reive the ^ame compensation, and possess Ihe same powers
; and fiuthontv as are conferred by law upon the other justices
• of said court, and who shall hold the district courts in said
| district as aforesaid.
i 'f Si:r. 3. Jind be it further enacted, That the President
I he hereby authorized to appoint the requisite number of
i hHtiees of the peace and such ministerial officers as shall
| be nei essary for the due execution of the laws; Provided,
That any subject of Great Britain who shall be arrested un-
! der the provisions of this act, for crime alleged to have been
committed within the territory of the United States west of
the Koc-kj Mountains-, while the s-ame remain* free and open
to the ve-«eN; citizens, and subjects of the United States and
Gicat Biitain, pursuant to stipulations between the two
Powers, shall he delivered up for trial, on proof of bis  being
puch British subject, to the nearest and mo^convenient au-
thorities having cognizance of such offence by the laws of
Great Biitain.
^ t?FC. 4. Jind be it further enacted, That provision shall
hefeafter be made by law to secure and grant to every white
person, male or female, over the age of eighteen years, three
hundred and twenty acres of land; and to every white per-
son, nia\e or female, under the a^e of eighteen years, one
hundred and sixty acres of land, who shall have resided in
the said territory described in the first section pt this act for
five consecutive years, to commence within three years
from the passage of this act.
(i Pec. 5. Jlrul he it further enacted, That there shall be
appointed, in the manner provided by Jaw for similar officers,
a superintendent of Indian atfairs, and such Indian agents
and Kub-agou,ts a* shall be necessary to the public interests,
i. to whom may be intrusted, under the direction of the Presi-
ji dent, and in accordance with the existing laws, so far as
! 1 they mav be consistent with the purport or this act, the reg-
1; ulation of trade and intercourse with the Indian tribes, and
the execution of the laws herein extended over the country
, | described in the lirst section of this act.
j 1 u Sfo. 6. And he it further enacted, That the President be,
H and he is hereby, authorized to cause to be erected such
II block-houses, stockades, or military posts, as shall be neces-
j j sary to protect emigrants, settlers, and traders on the route
11 fo and in the teriitoryof Oregon, against Indian depreda-
jj tioasand acKrcsions, and to furnish such ammunition and
h supplies; as shall be necessary to their defence.
IJ Src. 7. Ami be it further enacted, Th.it the President be
' hereby authorized to cause to be raiVed, officered, and equip-
ped, in such manner as the President shall direct, two regi-
ments of mounted men, to guard and protect emigrants,
settlers and traders, against the Indians.
ie Frc. 8. Arid be it further cmicicd, That a mail-route be,
and is hereby, established from St. Joseph's, Missouri, to the
mouth of the Columbia river.
£< Sec. 9. And he it further enacted, That the sum of three
lmndied thousand dollars he, and the same is hereby, appro-
priated to carry the provisions of this act into effect."
Mr. JAMES THOMPSON was understood to
give notice of his intention to strike out those sec-
tions of the bill in relation to riflemen and stock-
ade forts.
The bill being then read by sections, and the first
section beins; under consideration,
Mr, McHENRY moved to amend it by insert-
ins: aft®1" the words " west of the Rocky Moun-
tains, '' the words " south of the 49th parallel of
north latitude."
Mr. McH. spoke brieflyinsupportof the amend-
ment. He had been in favor of the notice, he said,
and had so voted in every shape and form; but,
