662
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
upon mature reflection, he was fiee to say that our
title beyond the 49th decree was not such a«, m
his estimation, would justify this House m placing;
itself in such a position as would almost with ccr-
tainty lead to a conflict with Great Britain. It the
President had asked for the various measures he
had recommended, simply with the assurance of
having the controversy amicably settled, he (Mr.
Mcli.") would be in favor of extending our laws
in o-eneral terms over all that portion of territory
west of the Rocky Mountains, But inasmuch as
in lus Message the President had assumed the po-
sition that our title to 54° 40' was clear and unques-
tionable, and had indicated that every measure
adopted for the purpose of taking- possession of
the territory would be carried to that extent, he
(Mr. Mc[I.) could not, by lus vote, place in the
President's hands the power to take possession of
territory beyond what he believed to be clearly
ours. I-Ie would not trouble the House at tins
time with any remarks upon the title. He thought
oar tide (o the Columbia liver, aud to the region
drained by it, was good, and he would bo willing
to stand by it. He believed that the notice ouirht
to be given for the purpose of settling that cjue*-
tion. But he thought that we should rake posses-
sion of only so much as wc all conceded we had a
certain title to. He thought it would be better
not to go beyond that point, as to which we could
nil be unanimous, and as to which \\ e all agreed
that our title was undoubted. If, as some gen-
tleman thought, there was even now the prospect ■
of a difficulty with one of the greatest Poweis of
the earth, the consequences of which would be most ;
disastrous, why should they be forced into mcas- '
ures which their own judgment did notappro\c?
Was it v°;ood policy? He thought not. His amend-
ment surrendered nothing; it did not in the slight- ,
est decree interfere with our title beyond the 49th
paialiel, if wc had a good title to the territory be-
yond it. The amendment merely designated the
ime of 49°, as that upon which the Pi esidont could
reeene unanimous support, and of which we could
thus take possession. He (Mr. Mcli.) was not
disposed to condemn the President in advance; but 1,
when he said that his opinion was, that our title to ,
54° 40' was clear and unquestionable, and asked
Congress to take possession of that whole territo- !
ry, he for one did not feel inclined to extend these
measures beyond the point up to which he himself
thought that our title was clear and manifest. And
he adverted briefly to the bad pohey of a different
course of conduct. He would go as far as any ,■
man in sustaining the honor of the country. But
tins was a mere matter of policy. The'amend-
ment proposed the surrender of nothing. It meie-
ly said that, having got rid of the treaty of joint '
occupation, wc would take possession of the tern-
tory so far as our title was clearly good. He
would not now enter upon the question of title. If i
hereafter he should write out his remarks, he might '
state explicitly what his views on that point were ■'
Mr. WENT WORTH said he rose merely to :|
make a few inquiries. He hoped he had made his \ I
last Oregon speech. Indeed, he hoped so at the
last session. He cumc here expecting to pass Ore- •!
gon and Texas both under the operation of the I
previous question. He hoped to make but one |
more speech, and he would commend it to all j
others, and that was "ay" on the passage of the ,1
notice and the bill. !;
At the last session of Congress, this House pass- 1
ed a bill extending jurisdiction up to 54° 40', by a !'
vote of 140 to 59, embracing all tiie Democrats of
this House but five, and all the South Carolina
delegation but one. The Democrats opposing it,
were Messrs. Campbell of South Carolina, Chap- '
man of Alabama, Coles of Virginia, Davis of New ■'
York, and Jones of Tennessee.
Now the first question he wished to ask was
this: " What has occurred since the adjournment
of the last Congress to make our title good to only '
forty-nine degrees now, when it was good to fifty- '
four degrees and forty minutes when the House ,
passed the bill, at the last session ? !
He wanted some gentleman to reply to this, if '
there was any gentleman who would change his ''
extent of claim since the last session.
He now wished, in all sincerity, to have the hon-
orable gentleman from Kentucky answer him one ''
question; and that question was, would he vote to
e?te2d^tlie ordinaiT territorial organization over [i
all of Oregon, up to the 49th degree, by the ap-
poxntment of a governor, judges, &c., &c.? !;
j Mr. McHENRY explained that he had said he
j! would go for every necessary measure to extend
' our possessions to 49°, because he believed our
I title was good up to that parallel. He would go
j for any measure, before the expiration of the year
' and after the notice was given, that would not in-
! terfere with our treaty .stipulations; and after the
j year he would go to take absolute possession of
I the whole of that territory to which we were en-
i titled.
! Mr. WENTWORTH then asked Mr. McHen-
ry if his eou  so would not plunge the country into
a war' He wanted to know if he had any reason
to believe that Gicat Britain would not make it a
cause of war quite as quick if we took possession
uo to the 49fU degree, as if Ave took it all up to the
,")4th decree 40 minutes?
Mr. McHEYRY rose to reply, and asked Mr. :
Wektwortii if he would not accept of the 49th !
decree, if Great Urnain should oiler it? !
Mr. WENTWORTH said, "No, sir; no,sir." j
Mr. McHENRY proceeded to say that the po- |
sition which he assumed was this, that now, as I
we wcte about to take measures to extend our!
possessions, we should give the notice. He was !
willing to take possession at once as far as he be- j
heved our title honesrly extended, without regard |
10 what might, or what might not be the opinions i
of Great Brit,mi. !
Mr. WENTWORTH said he had one more j
question to ask, and, as it was his last, he would !
not give way for an answer, but would close by j
asking it, and let gentlemen answer it at their lei- 1
suie. It was one that thousands besides himself '
lit ed information upon. It was this : j
Bv what facts, cmd by what process of reason- '
mg, do we prove our title good to the 49th degree,
and bad to every inch above it?
Until this shall be answered to the satisfaction
of the people, they will always be for 54° 40'.
And so loni  as no one is able to assure them that
Great Britain will not make it a cause of war as
quick to take possession to 49° as to 54° 40', they
will say, if war must come, let it come for the
whole, and not a part.
Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL said lie felt con-
strained to vote against the amendment proposed
by his friend from Kentucky. He (Mr. R.) had
understood that in the original bill which had been
reported from the Committee on the Territories,
the limit of 54° 40' was designated as being the
northern boundai v of the temtory over which we
were to extend our laws. That bill had been re-
committed; and he now found that that limit had
been left out, and that the provisions of the present
bill were these—[Mr. R. here stated the terms of
the seaion.] The geneial teims only were used.
Me thought that we should adopt these words, and
these alone. It was his opinion that there ought
to be a settlement on the parallel of 49°; but he did
not believe that it was the policy of the House or
of Congress to pass a law or resolution fixing par-
ticular limits of negotiation. That, he thought,
belonged to another department of the Government
—the treaty-making power; and not to Congress i
in its legislative character. There were a large I
number of settlements, consisting of British sub- '
jects, south of 49°, and if any provision was to be '
adopted to interfere with the rights of persons now i
in that territory, we might as well extend it be- !
yond the line of 49° as up to it. If, therefore, it ■
was right to pass a law at all, it was right to ex- '
tend it over the entire territory. Some time ago, {
he had endeavored to show that the British laws !
extended over the whole of this temtory; and not j
only so, but over all persons residing within it, j
both British and American; although, so far as any |
action had been had, no American citizcn, to his |
knowledge, had been made subject to these laws, j
The terms in the act were general terms, and they j
extended the laws of Canada over the entire tem-
tory. He had at the same time expressed his ap-
prehension that the conflict of these two systems of
laws over the same country would be more danger-
ous than any other one thing that could happen.
Under these circumstances, if any law at all was to
be passed, it seemed to him that there should be
no limitation to any particular ime; and if the Com-
mittee on Territories had, wisely as he thought,
struck out the ime of 54° 40', he did not think
that the House should fix any. There were other
provisions of the bill in respect to which he should
be glad at the proper time to give his opinion. He
did not think that, generally speaking, the first
section could be better expressed, with the excep-
tion, perhap3, of that portion of it which spoke of
the laws of the Territory of Iowa; and lo that Re
would add, "and the laws of the United States
■in relation to the Territory oflowa," because there
were laws which in reality constituted a portion
of those which governed Iowa, "which were laws
of the United States, and not of that Territory.
If the section could be so amended as expressly
to- except British subjects from its operation, he
would give his vote for that section.
Mr. J. Q. ADAMSaddressedthecomimtteefroro
I a position, and in a tone of voicey which we regret
j rendered it extremely difficult to catch his remarks
; at the left of the Speaker. As far as could be
• heard, he spoke to the following effect;
! He was inclined to move that the committee
j rise, for the purpose of postponing the considera-
j tion of this bill, until they knew whether any
j notice would be given for the termination of the
| joint convention of non-occupation of the year
*1828.
| Sir, (said Mr. A.,) it will be recollected that the
j first bill reported to this House on thia immense-
■ ly comprehensive subject of Oregon, was from the
Committee on Military Affairs, and that it was be-
fore the resolution of notice was reported from the
Committee on Foreig-n Affairs; and that when thai
bill was brought forward, there was a very gen-
eral doubt entertained in this city, whether the
Committee on Foreign Affairs would report the-
notice at all; and that, then, in addressing the
[-louse, I mud that I considered the question of
notice the first of all the measures (of which there
were many) to be determined upon m reference to
thit> subject. It was then a question whether the
Committee on Foreign Affairs would report to this
Mouse the notice. In the course of a few days
after that date, the lesolution of notice was report-
ed; it was debated for several weeks in this House,,
leaving the bills of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs in the mean time in abeyance, as well as all
other measures on the same subject. After three
or four weeks of debate, highly animated, extreme-
ly eloquent on the part of the opposition to that
measure, as well as of its friends, this House, by
a majority of one hundred and nine votes, passed
the resolution of notice.
Sir, I confess, after all that had been said in this
House against that notice, upon principles of ex-
pediency, and uponanyothers which were brought
in opposition to it, when I found a majority of this
House composed of both the great political par-
ties passing the notice by a majority more than
three to one, I did hope that we should have that
measure very soon disposed of, not only by this
House, but by the other House. The resolution
of notice has been now, I believe, more than two
months under the consideration of the other branch
of Congress; it passed this House on the 9th of
February. And now I hear it stated that the pre-
vailing operation in both Houses of Congress, and
among the people of the nation, is immediately
tending, if not already consummated, to the point
that this whole business is to be terminated by
proposing to Great Britain that which she has three -
or four times rejected with contempt—the line of
49° of north latitude.
I am told, sir, that this is so universal an opin-
ion m this House, as well as in the other, and
among the people of this country, that I am almost
afraid to say that I am not for settling the question
at the line of 49°. I must venture it, sir, because
it is so. And now, sir, as we are told the consist-
ency of great statesmen consists in changc of opin-
ions—which I call the philosophy of the weather-
cock—I say, that if this House pass this bill, and
instead of putting down " south of the line of 49°,"
as is proposed by this amendment, will say "south
of latitude 54° 40'," I will vote for it. We have a
convention with Russia, that we will not make
settlements north of 54° 40'; and by the same con-
vention, Russia has intimated to us that she will
make no settlements south of that line.
Sir, there are perhaps the larger portion of my
own constituents—certainly a large proportion of
the people of this country—who would not go with
me m this conviction, and who are already blaming
me for having assumed, at this session, that that
was the line to which we are entitled.
Sir, it is no novel opinion in me. This hand was
the first that drew the line of the boundaries of
this country lo the southern sea, in what was called
the Florida treaty. That line was first drawn
