1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
663
from latitude 42° north, including all the posses-
sions held by Spain, and .then, by subsequent
stipulations with Russia, it was limited, so far as
our settlement was concerned, to the line of 54°
40'. And I beg leave to say, with respect to
these boundaries, and to the boundaries of a treaty
which Great Britain, within one year after ours,
made with Russia, for the first time acknowledg-
ing, on her part, the line of Russia at 54° 40',
that Great Britain made the' same stipulations with
Russia,, which' we had already made, and recog-
nised the r;ght of Russia to make settlements
north of 54° 40', and stipulated with Russia that
she would make no such settlements north of that
lin6.
Now, sir—and this I say certainly not boasting-
ly on my part, but as a matter of fact—by the
treaty with Spain the line of 42° of latitude from
a certain position on the Arkansas river to the
South Sea was first drawn by me with a stipula-
tion on the part of Spain that from that parallel of
latitude north, all her rights were ceded to the
United States. Sir, I think it was in the year
1843 
Mr. FARAN rose and said, before the gentle-
man from Massachusetts left this part of the sub-
ject, he wished to ask him whether it was not a
great consideration in the settlement of that treaty
with Spain that that portion of territory called
Texas was ceded to Spain in order that we might
acquire a perfect title through her to the Oregon
territory? Whether that was not a great consid- |
eration at the time? j
Mr. ADAMS. ' It was no consideration at all. j
Texas was not a question at the time of the nego- •
tiation of that treaty, or until years afterwards— .
that Spain should relinquish all her claim to Ore- i
gon m consideration of our giving up Texas. If j
such a compact was made at the Baltimore con- 1
vention, or anywhere else, it was not binding on
him, (Mr. A.) His position was, that the right
of the United States to the line of 54° 40'_waa
founded oil no such agreement, and he repudiated
it in all its parts.
Mr. FARAN (Mr. A. again yielding) explained
that he had not intended to say that the title of the
United States to Oregon was founded on anything
of the land. But he lmd simply wished to inquire
whethei, in the negotiation respecting that treaty,
it was not one consideration with our Government
that we could get the Spanish title to the northwest
coast, and whether, on that account, we did not
cede that portion of the country now called Texas?
He asked merely for information, as the gentleman
from Massachusetts was concerned in the negotia-
tion of that treaty.
Mr. ADAMS, resuming, said ha had no recol-
lection of any cession relating to 1 exas ui that ne-
gotiation at all. ■ That negotiation was for the pur-
pose Of Florida; and as to the boundaries of Lou- u
isiana, they had been considered as settled long
before. There was no article in the treaty thai
hadatty reference to that at all. The question of ,!
the treatywas on tho northern boundary of Lou- w
isiana—how far that was to extend; mid m many i
commission; and he begged gentlemen to be par-
ticular to notice its date, 20th January, 1764.
The Clerk read as follows;
" Commission to Governor Wright, of Georgia, (of the 20tli
of Jauuary, 1764.) George ill., by the grace of God of Great
Britain, Franco, and Ireland, king. Defender of the Faith,
and so forth, to our trusty and well beloved James Wright,
esquire, greeting:
" Whereas we did, by our letters patent, under our great
seal of Great Britain, bearing date at Westminster the 4th
day of May, in the fii>t year of our reign, constitute and ap
point you, the said James Wnght, enquire, to be our captaiu-
gencial and goveraor-m chief in and over our colony ot G<'or- |
gia, in America, lying from the most northern stream ot a 1
nver there commonly called Savannah, all along tlreseacoa*t J
to the f>ou?.lm ard unto the most southern stream of a certain I
other great water or river called Aitamaha, and westward
from the heads of the ?-aid rivrrs, respectively, in direct lines ,
to tne tfouth seii>, and ot all that.-paee, cuctiU, and precinct of j
lauds lying within the naid boundaries, with the islands in the j
sea lying opposite to thf eastern cotM of the f-atd lands with- ,
in twenty leagues of the. same, lor and during our pleasure, j
as by the havd reeked letters patent, rHalion being thereunto
had, may more fullv find ar large appear: Now, know you,
thai we have revoked and deietmined, and by these presents
do revoke and det"rimne, sueli pari and so much of the ^ard
reeited letters patent, and every clause, article, and tiling
therein eontaim-d, which doth any way relate to or concern
the liimta or hounds of our -aid province, as before described;
anil fmther know you, that we, reposing especial tru*t ami
confidence in the prudence, courage, and loyalty of you, the
said Jame.* Wright, 01 our e^pi end grace, certain knowledge, j
and mere motion, have thought til to constitute and appoint,
and bv thehe present^ do constitute and appoint, >ou, the
said James Wright, to be our enptain-general and gov. r-
nor-in-cliief in and ov< r our colony of Georgia, in Amer-
ica, bounded 011 the north by the mot northern stream
of a river theio commonly called Savannah, as laras th'
head of said nver, and from thence westward us far our
territories extend.M
Mr. A. stopped the reading at the words, "west-
ward, as far as our territories eriend," and request-
ed the House to please to obscr\e the diilereiiLe
between the two commissions. The fust comtnis-
sion, given only three years before, (in 1 "7f> 1,) pro-
vided that this line should run direct to the South
Sea; in 1704, that commission was revoked, and
the line wti1* drawn westward, m ,tur as their terri-
tories extended. Why was it revoked? Why did
the Ivi K of England withdraw that boundary?
about the title of Pope Alexander, we do it merely
forthe sake of laughing at them. But my inquiry is,
when we come to the question of prior title, what
rio-ht any King of England has to cede the countries '
hf this hemisphere any better than that of the
Popes ? All the kings of England, since the refor-
mation of Luther, who have given grants of tern-
tories upon these continents of Isorthand South
America, have all given them for these identical pur-
poses, not for conquest; oh no, not for aggrandize-
ment; not at all;but to convert the savt^es to Chris-
tianity; and you find it in every one of the charters
of the Kings of England just in, the same words as
you find it m the charter of Alexander VI. to spam,
it was agreed in by them all; andthereis the foun-
dation of all the title of Europeans to any portion
of this continent. It is by acquiescence m these
grants, first by the Popes, and afterwards by the
Kings of England. Sir, they are all goodfornoth-
ni$. But still I believe that we hold this spot of
earth in which you sit in that chair on no better ti-
tle; tracing it back to its origin, 1 mean. We claim
possession of this land by grants of Kings of Eng-
land to the colonies of Virginia and Maryland, pre-
cisely of the same nature as the grant of Pope Alex-
ander to Spain. Well, when I addressed the com-
mittec before on this question, I did undertake to
j show the origin of our title to land, and I quoted
' from Genesis, 1st chapter, 36th to 30th verses,
I somewhat to the surprise and astonishment of
! many members of this House; and to my great sur-
i prise, I find it has been considered by the ^blic
i journals as being something novel, new. Well,
! suppose I resort to higher authority. Here (said
j Mr. A., taking up an antique looking book from
: under his table) is authority which 1 believe no
lawyer will question. This is no other than Gro-
| tius, the first great founder of the theory of inter-
j national law. I ask the Clerk to read a short p&r-
i{ agrnph of that.
li The Clerk read accordingly: .
> I «« God gave to mankind in general dominion over
!' 4 all the creatures of the earth from the first crea-
wi,y7 in i atMSS
France and Spain, and renounced all pretensions j
to any title west of the Mississippi. He, theie-
furo, leaves the boundary in a state of obscurity;
he revokes the comnusMon, $ vm£ the line west-■
ward to the South ?Sca, and  ives it 1far us our
| territories extend," which, by the treaty with j
j France and Spain, was at the Mississippi.
] Now after that, he asked, what claim Great!
i Britain had to the territory on the South Sea? And
| then twenty years afterwards, when we came to
i make peace with Great Britain at the conclusion
i of the war of the Revolution, the boundary-of the
! territory eedod by Great Britain to the United
' States was at the line of the Mississippi, and there
| it rested; neither Great Britain nor^ the United
i States having any claim to the territory to the
; South Sen, until our territory was extended by
1 subsequent treuties with France and Spain.
Sir, (continued Mr. A.) i say that Great Britain
hail no claim whatever, front the time of her treaty
of peace with France and Spam, by which she
 Pf^nAh m rt. (if Canada—
E
aiattH-—now icir mat wao vu **•* « ... • - ---- , */*/-< j
.receding negotiations that had been proposed to m acquired Canada—the 1-rench part of Canada-
.lececuiifc, ntgui, . , Tft„ jwint ,1 hyVhich it was secured to her, and by which she
ue referred to commissioners to settle. _ .
was proposed again during the negotiation; mid
then I proposed myself, without any appointment
of commissioners, that we should take a degree of
latitude, and go upon that line to the houth Sea.
Previous to that, in 1808, when the negotiation
was carried on in England, Messrs. Monroe and
Pinkney had been instructed not to propose any-
thing like a line to the South Sea, for fear of giving
offence to Spain; and he believed it was not in-
tended by our Government to assert anything from ;
the Louisiana treaty of a claim, on our part, to ;
the South Sea—a claim, by the way, winch would ,
have been absurd when our dominions were bound- ,
ed by the Mississippi. And Great Britain had re- j
nouneed, many years before, when drawing her i
boundary in 1762, all pretensions to the territory j
W'Mr!1a!*observed/t£at what he said 011 this sub- !
holds it to this day; that ahe renounced forever all
claim to any jurisdiction of territory upon theSouth
Sea. ShaVad no claim whatever. I believe she
has no pretensions to any now; but she claims, as
far as I understand, that the whole of that coast is
an open territory, to be possessed by the first Eu-
ropean, civilized, Christian sovereign, that thinks
proper to send and take possession of any part for
the purpose of trading with, and converting the
savages to Christianity. Now, upon that ground,
1 hold that our claim is better than that ot Great
Britain. The ground on which Pope Alexander
VI. gave that country to Spain—to Ferdinand and
Isabella, and their successors—was for the purpose
of converting the savages to Christianity; and that
is the consideration given in the bull of Pope Alex-
ander, and the consideration 011 which Pope Adrian
gave to Great Britain the island of Ireland—be-
• TwaTertireYv desultory and without prepara- cause it was then inhabited by savages, who were
J? Rnftn nmve to this committee that all pre- ij to be converted by the most patriotic and pious zeal
tion. But to pro\c xtT<s<3, nf th* Mississippi of Henry II., which was to be i-ewardedby Pope
tensions to any tern 01^ renonnce,i by Great ,! Adrian with the possession of the island of Ireland,
to the South Sea had DC volume of That was the ground ofall the concessions made by
Britain, lie had here befo« i the Popes down to that time; that was the ground
the Laws of the United! States in which ttereww |( «^hP,h p Alesander VI. of pious memory,
the commission given by G g j arf 1764. |i gave the whole of this country to Spam. £ow,
^ that li when we speak of the Bri&h negation to Spam
After the word " deluge," (said Mr. A.,) be so
good us to look at the note at the bottom of the
pn^e where Grotitis ^ives his authority.
The Clerk read, Genesis, 1st chapter, 29th and
30th verses.
You need not read any more, (said Mr. A.l 1
am only resorting (continued he) to " higher' au-
thority than that which I gave here'before upon
this question. Sir, this is a'writer on the law of
nations. If anybody will look into Blaekstone s
Commentaries (which I have not before me) at the
2d, page, 2d volume, they will find the same declara-
tion with the same authority cited. Now, I ask if
my authority was novel ? or if it was not suffi-
cient? That these titles, both of the Pope and of
the European King, might have been the subject
of controversy and negotiation between them for
centuries, is of no avail at all. For be had saiij
that, us a piimitive original title, the title of Pope
Alexander was just as good as that of any king or
queen of England, from Elizabeth, or from Henry
VII. , -
What, then, does title rest upon? Discovery,
exploration, settlement, continuity, contiguity,
treaty—all these are matters of fact, not of right.
There is not a particle of right in any one of them.
There must be a prior title of right,anA that prior
■ title cannot be traced to any other source than that
of God Almighty, in the 1st chapter of Genesis.
I say this rather as an apology for my having re-
ferred to this authority heretofore.
But setting this all aside, what the value of the
charters of the Kings of England was, you may
infer from these two commissions to the Governor
of Georgia, issued one in 1761, embracing the line
to the South Sea, and the other m 1764, only three
years afterwards, revoking it, with a conscious
admission that they had no right to extend their
claims there, and extending it " as far as the ter-
ritories of the King of England extend, which was
to the Mississippi.
. Now, is not th;s a disposal of title on the part of
Great Britain to any territory whatsoever on the
shores of the Pacific? If so, how came she to
have title now ? She had renounced formally, in-
ferribly renounced, and in every form renounced,
title to one inch of territory west of the Missis-
sippi.
