1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
665
of his Secretary of State—spoke of an equal par-
tition of this territory as being the only just mode
of settling the conflicting pretensions of the two
Governments. I then said that this House, and
this country, had a right to know of that honora-
ble gentleman, why, if he entertained the opinion
that Great Britain had no just pretension to this
territory—nay, without the expression of any
opinion -whatsoever of our own title—if he be-
lieved, as he says to-day he does, that Great Brit-
ain has no just pretension or title to land on that
coast, why he was then-willing to divide the coun-
try egually between the United States and Great
Britain? I believe that he is responsible for the
offer of Mr. Gallatin. That proposition I under-
stood to be the proposition of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, ahd the country, and the world,
will now demand of him why the proposition he
then made he is not to-day willing to accord to
Great Britain. I do not mean now, or at any
time, to speak disrespectfully or discourteously to
that gentleman. I have many reasons for not
doing so. But I must be permitted to say that, in
my judgment, there is great truth and force in the
position of the present Executive, that his prede-
cessors, and chief among them the honorable gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, were responsible for
thafnecessity which, in his estimation, authorized
this Government to offer to divide that territory
with Great Britain. ■ The gentleman is responsi-
ble, and he should answer.
But the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Went-
worth,] in his brief remarks this morning, as well
as on another occasion, seemed disposed, in my
estimation, to place those members of the Demo-
cratic party who, during the last session of Con-
gress, voted for the territorial bill reported by a
gentleman at that time at the head of the Commit-
tee on Territories, and now Governor of the State
of Tennessee, [Mr. Brown,] in a position which
subjected them to the imputation, at least, of very
gross inconsistency. Wot only once, but twice,
during the present session of Congress, the hon-
orable gentleman has made special reference to the
representation in this Hall from the State of South
Carolina. As one of that representation, us one
of those who voted for the bill to which the gen-
tleman has referred, X think proper, on this occa-
sion, to place that representation and myself right
before this House and the country. I understand
the gentleman to allege that the bill of the last ses-
sion, which passed this House, asserted the title
of the United States to the northwest territory from
42° to 54° 40'. Now, I have that bill before me.
Its history will be remembered, I am sure, by many
members who now hear me. And I call upon the
gentleman to put his finger upon the section, the
line, or the word of that bill which asserts the title
of the United States to 54° 40'.
The first section of the bill, which, us every gen-
tleman then here (and there are many of them
now as then members of this House) knows, was
a bill to extend the jurisdiction and the laws of the
United States over citizens of the United States in
the territory of Oregon, described that territory,
and designated as a portion of it the parallel of
54°. But there was not a single sentence or word
in any section of the bill which asserted the title
of the United States to 54° 40'. I shall be sus-
tained by every member of the last Congress when
I say that it was well understood that the object of
that bill, (as I think is apparent on its face,) was
to extend the jurisdiction and laws of the United^
States over American citizens in the territory of
Oregon. Fifty-four forty was given as a part of
the'description of the territory, and nothing more.
There was contained in that bill a provision, as an
inducement to emigration, making grants of land;
ahd I now beg leave to show, not only that there
was no assertion of the title of the United States
to 54° 40', but that it was distinctly admitted in
the bill that Great Britain had rights there; that
she had asserted her pretensions; and that these
pretensions were respected by the bill. The 40th
section is in the following words:
"And be it further enacted, That no sale or con-
' tract of any kind, of such lands, shall be valid be-
' fore a patent issues therefore; nor shall the same
' be taken in execution, as bound by any judgment,
i mortgage, or lien of any kind before the patent
'is issued." ■
And (said Mr. B.) there is a proviso appended
to this section, which is in the following words:
<■ Provided always, That the future grants of
' lands contemplated by this act shall be subject to
' the settlement of any dispute now pending be-
' tween Great Britain and the United States, in
' relation to these respective claims, and subject
' also to the acquirement by treaty or otherwise of
' the Indian title to said lands."
Now, (continued Mr. B.,) the bill before the
committee is, m my estimation, identical in its ob-
jects and purposes, although carried out by some-
what different means, with that to which I have
referred. I have not the slightest objection to vote
for it. I intend to do so. Without admitting any
great obligation on the part of the United States to
provide for American citizens in that territory, I
choose, as one who has some participation in this
matter, to give m v vote to extend the laws and ju-
risdiction of the united States over them. But it
will be remembered on all sides, that during the
last session of Congress, the title to this country
was not the subject of discussion. I remember
well a most just rebuke which the honorable gen-
tleman from Massachusetts gave to the committee
and the House, when they proceeded to vote for
that bill. I remember that the House had author-
ized the purchase of Greenhow's hook, which that
gentleman, in his own peculiar and racy phrase-
ology, called the Gospel of our title. I remember
that before that book was laid upon the desks of
members, through the pressure of the West, this
House did proceed to vote upon the bill, as to the
merits of which they were to he enlightened by
that hook. I know that many others, like myself,
had no access to information in relation to our
title, or to the quality of the soil. J gave my \ote
from the confidence. I felt in western gentlemen; I
gave it from the well-deserved confidence I felt in
thegcntleman from Tennessee, [Mr. A.V. Brown,]
who now so worthily fills the highest otfice in the
gift of his Stole, lint if, in the absence of infor-
mation then, and with full information now before
me, I should be satisfied that 1 gave ail erroneous
vote, 1 have no such pride of consistency as would
induce me to adhere to it. I would cheerfully re-
tract. But not having perceived that I was in error
then, Or that I am now required to proceed one
step further than I then went, 1 am ready to give
my vole for this hill, •
The question was then la ken on the amendment
of Mr. McHrnuy, anil it was rejectid.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON moved to amend the sec-
tion l>y striking out the following words from the
end thereof:
" Until said treaty stipulation shall cease by
' virtue of the notice, provided for in the second
' article of said last-mentioned treaty."
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON advocated the amend-
ment which he had proposed. At the end of the
year's notice, the subject could be legislated upon.
! It was unnecessary to make any provision m ad-
vance.
Mr. TRUMAN SMITH was opposed to the
bill as it stood, because it took the war power from
the hands of this House and conferred it upon the
President. He would move to amend the first
section, so as to provide that its provisions should
not extend to British subjects. If he believed that
our title was clear and unquestionable, up to 54°
40'; if he was willing to hazard a war upon the as-
sertion of that claim, then he would not object to
the bill as it stood. The provision of the bill
would be so used by the I'resident as to plunge us
into a war, without any authority from Congress.
He protested against a course which would take
the war power out of the control of Congress. He
moved to amend the bill by adding the following
proviso:
t " Provided, That this act shall not be so exe-
| ' cutcd as to apply to the subjects of Great Britain
i ' in the territory of the United States which lies
i ' west of the Rocky Mountains, until it shall be
' otherwise provided by law."
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, was opposed to the
amendment, and also to the modification proposed
by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houstok.]
i 1 he amendments proposed would leave us where
! we were. , ,
I Mr. JAMES THOMPSON said the amendment
I offered by the gentleman was ingeniously con-
trived to defeat the object of the bill. It would
make a complete inversion of the object of the
measure. Great Britain had extended her laws
and jurisdiction over the territory.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOI.L disputed the fact that
the law of Gieat Britain was at all similar to this.
He also asked whether the bill was intended to
extend our jurisdiction up to 54° 40'. If so, it
ought to be candidly and explicitly stated.
Mr. THOMPSON replied that those who, like
himself, believed our title to be good up to 54° 40',
would consider the bill as extending up to that
line. If his honorable colleague stopped at 49°,
then he would consider our jurisdiction as stopping
there. The laws were extended by the bill over
the territory belonging to the United States.
Mr. J. J.'McDOWELL stated that he should, at
a proper time, propose an amendment explicitly
stating that our jurisdiction was extended, by tins
bill, up to 540 40'.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL wished to see the ob-
ject and meaning of the bill candidly and plainly
stated. He asserted that the British act did not
extend the laws of the Canadas over citizens ()f
the United States. There was a reservation in
their favor.
Mr. JAMES THOMPSON explained the pro-
visions of the British statutes of 1823 and 1827,
and showed that they made no reservations as to
citizens of the United States. The provision re-
ferred to by his colleague was intended only to
guard against interference with American tra-
ders. American citi/ens were liable to be prose-
cuted and judgment to be given, without appeal,
before one, two, or three justices. At the expira-
tion of the year's notice, there would be no British
jurisdiction in the territory; and if the amend-
ment otfeicd by the gentleman from Connecticut
prevailed, British subjects, after that time, would
be amenable to no jurisdiction at all.
Mr. TTItlRM AS spoke at length on the sub-
ject, and in opposition to the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Connecticut. He thought
the bill ought to show 011 its face an assertion of
our claim up to the Russian boundary. Those
who had denounced him and his friends as mere
hawks, ultras, and Hotspurs, because they had
advocated our claim up to 54° 40', ought to go
further back, and look at the origin of that preten-
sion. It would be found that this Government
was committed to the maintenance of that line by
the treaty with Russia, which was made 111 the
year 1824. That treaty stipulated that we should
make no settlements north of 54° 40', and Russia
none south. After Congress began to act on the
subject, they passed a bill (Dr. Linn's) which
asserted our claim up to 54° 40'. The Senate
passed that bill, and it failed in the House for want
of time. Congress, at the late session,passed a
bill which clearly defined the boundary of Oregon,
and asserted our claim up to 54° 40'. The Balti-
more convention asserted the claim. The Presi-
dent, who had asserted it in his letter to citizens
in Cincinnati, reasserted our title as clear and une-
quivocal in his Inaugural Address.
In his Message, at the opening of the session,
the President recommended that the notice be given
to terminate the joint occupancy or use of the ter-
ritory, and suggested that, at "the end of the term,
we must be prepared either to maintain our rights
or abandon them—the latter course being one that
was not to be thought of.
After all this, it might be supposed that one
could advocate the American claim without being
called an ultra. Every branch of the Government
had maintained our extreme rights at different
times; the Senate, the House, and the Executive,
had all, on different occasions, pronounced in favor
of it. It appeared to him that we had retrograded
on this question. The bill now proposed did not
directly state the boundaries which we assumed.
Formerly, the question was one merely national;
at this session it was suggested that it was a West-
ern measure. It was a suggestion well calculated
to have an unfavorable influence abroad.
There seemed to be here great fear of the West.
The West had 110 sectional questions. They had
ever manifested a sincere feeling upon every na-
tional question. They never inquired whether the
territory in dispute was southern, or eastern, or
western; and on the Texas and Maine boundary
questions, they had proved this. The bold stand
heretofore taken by this House on this subject
would not soon be abandoned, as he hoped.
'Mr. DANIEL expressed his regret at the de-
clared intention of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
McDowell] to offer an amendment, claiming the
country up to 54° 40'. He was opposed to the
amendment limiting our jurisdiction to the legion
south of 49°; and he would vote against an extcn-
