666
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
sion of it, by this bill, up to 54° 40'. The country ||
had been left in controversy between the United |!
States and Great Britain alone, and tliey not agiec- j;
in£ upon a division, had made a treaty of joint jj
use. We were admitted to be the power in actual jj
possession. Great Britain, for the protection of ij
her subjects, had extended her laws over them, in i
that country, by a statute in 1824. The gentle- jj
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. .T. R. Ingersoll] j
was mistaken in supposing that any exception !j
was made in that statute in favor of American
citizens. Out* proposed act was more circumspect, J
for it embraced an express pro\isiun that it should !j
n-vcr apply to British subjects while the treaty j:
wa? m existence. \
In the bill of last session there was not, ori- ■
finally, a provision for giving the notice. When '
the notice v \is moved in the House, he voted "
against it, because a negotiation was pending*. The i
bill, nevertheless, passed with the notice, and he
voted for it. K\ ery one, he trusted, would see the 1
propriety of his course then and now. He would
2.ive reasons why he thou&ht the amendment in-'
rlif-aied by the gentleman from Ohio was lmpohlic. '
tic had implicit confidence in the Executive; and,
for the correct dischai^o of nil the dunes m his <■
splinrc, he was utubn- the same responsibility that ,
we were, ile had no doubt that he would defend !
and protect the honoi of the country. If Gre.it j;
Britain .should see tit to make us a friendly over-
tare, he should be left free to accede to it. He ■!
might be willing to accept it, if a fair and honor- ;!
able one, or at least to consult the Senate in regard .
to it. He did not wish to discuss the question of
title, or to settle it by this bill. ; i
Mr. BOYD asked whether the gentleman con-
sidered that the bill involved any rights of Great 1
"Britain -
Mr. DAN7EL said the amendment proposed
would invade the sphere of the Executnc. He
mi^ht, perhnps, have it in Ins power to settle the !
question on 52°; and, instead of j)assm  a bill as- j
Miming our title to be 54°40', we should leave it to
the President to do what might seem proper on the 1
subject. He had made his remarks in consequence ;'
of the suggestion tin own out by the gentleman
from Ohio. He had the utmost confidence hi the
Executive; and he believed he would prove to be— .
whiit he, had always supposed him to be—a true, !■'
.strict-construction, Jeffersoman Demociat. He ,'
believed the Executive would maintain our rights. I
When he voted for the bill of last session, all that
had since transpired or taken place was not known. ;
He would not now vote for the amendment pro- 1
posed, but would prefer to leave the President free ;
to act on the subject. The Biitish Cabinet under-
stood our intentions, and the niotnes which mi^ht 1
be supposed to influence the President; ond they
were now holding back, to see if popular influence !
would not force the President to recede from his
pretensions. If we were ceremonious, they would /
soon gi\e us their ultimatum, and then we would ;
know whether we were to have a war or peace,
He believed it would be the best policy to make no
reference to our title in the bill. j:
Mr. WOODWARD said, those who did not be- i
]ie\e that the title beyond 49° was conclusive, were "'
placed in the predicament that they could not dis-
charge their duty without running the risk of being ;!
called British. If a notice had been submitted here 1
as a distinct proposition, without our assuming to |
judge of the title, it would have passed long ago.
'He had nothing more to say about the title; but he
would remark, that while he repudiated the idea ;
thnt the President was compelled to accept 49°,
because he had ollered it, he would say that the !
question was one of boundary entuely. It was so |
considered when the existing convention "was made, '
and thft coin cation had certainly not strengthened
our title to the whole of Oregon up to 54° 40'. If
m this bill a claim to 54° 40' was implied, it ought i
to be expressed. Mr. Floyd's bill was strictly
limited to the terms of the existing convention.
The bill of 1842-'3 did not contain any notice, and ,
it was intended to operate under the convention,
and to be co-extensive with it. The laws of Great
Britain, as applied to this territory, went down to ,
the line of 42° under the convention.
Mr. DANIEL concurred with the gentleman, '
that the extension of our jurisdiction would be unfa- ,
vorable to the convention. He took the same view, j
He expected that the notice would soon be given, ;
and after the expiration of the year, our title would ;
be defined. I
Mr. WOODWARD continued. If the laws of
Great Britain went down to 42°, why should not
ours £0 up to 54° 40' ? Every bill up to this time,
which had been submitted to Congress, had refer-
ence to the convention of joint occupancy—he
viewed that term in its general sense, without paus-
ing to ciiticise it. It was now said that the mil of
the last session committed us to 54° 40'. This was
an outrageous injustice to every one who voted for
it. He appealed to witnesses, all around him,
whether this was so. The bill was framed with-
out reference to the notice, and after it came into
the House, the notice was forced prematurely upon
us, without time for investigation or consultation.
The bill was framed to meet the stipulations of the
convention, and the notice was thrust in to kill it.
We had said that we would hazard your votes on
Texas annexation, before we would ghe you the
notice. Our friends agreed that they would leave
out the notice. Gentlemen who now figured large-
ly on 54° 4U', voted against the notice, as a distinct
proposition, hvt year. At the last hour, when not
a moment was allowed for reflection, the notice was
proposed, and members were forced to vote upon
it. The notice was put in by the enemies and the
involuntary friends of the bill. It was said we
have k^pt with you of the South, for the Senate
will not pass the bill with the notice. We were
committed against the notice. If the alternative
should lie between abandoning the protection of
our citizens and taking the bill with the notice, he
would take the notice. So far from there having
been any bargain between the friends of Texas
and of Oregon, we were so much averse to the
notice, that we were willing to hazard Texas in
opposing it. It was by a manoeuvre that the no-
tice was adopted. 'We had no right, by any pro-
vision of this bill, to restrict the treaty-making
power. If Mr. Polk should not mnke a treaty on
49°, he ould be willing- to fight for 54° 40'.
Ho was on a sliding scale, not backward, but
upward. He denied that we could, by any act,
narrow the limits of the Executive power. Even if
we took 51°, how could we tell that the President
would not get 54° 40'. He denied that he himself
was committed to 54° 40', or any other line, and he
only proposed to render the provisions of the bill
conformable with the treaty. Why was his friend
from Ohio, [Mr. McDowell,] so desirous of com-
mitting the House to a certain boundary J Could he
not tmst to the future legislation of Congress? The
question wps growing stronger, and we should, at
the end of the year's notice, be wiser than we were
now, and more competent to act. If former acts
and declarations committed us to 54° 40', why were
we not committed to 4(J° by the offer made last
summer' Twelve months after the passage of the
nofce, he would be willing to vote for an act fixing
our limits, and he would stand to them.
Mr. FARAN obtained the floor, but yielded to
a motion that the committee rise; which prevailing,
the committee rose and reported.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
A letter from the Secretary ofStatc, transmitting,
in obedience to the acts of April 18th, 1818, and
the J 1th section of the act of August 26th, 1842,
statements of the names of the clerks in that Depart- ■
meat, with their compensation; which letter and ,
report were laid upon the table.
A message from the President of the United
States, transmitting a letter from the Governor of
the State of Ohio, in answer to a communication
addressed to him in compliance with the resolution
of the House of Representatives, of January 30th,
1846, in regard to the present condition of {he Co-
lumbus and Sandusky turnpike road; which was
laid on the table.
A message from the President of the United
States, by James Knox Walker, his private secre-
tary; which was read, as follows:
" Wa^hivktoNj April 13,1846.
::To the Senate «nd Hoim of Rep'oieiitnHva:
c' In mv Annu.il M^^-ase of tin 2-1 December la^t, it wa«
stated thnt s-orjourf difficulties of long standing continued to
dh-nact the sc\eial patties into which the Cherokee tribe of
.Indians n unliapp iy divided; thai all the efforts of the Gov-
c.ninent to adjust rhe«e difficulties had proved to he unsuc-
cessful. and would probably remain so. without the aid of
huther legislation bv Congress. Subsequent events have
continued tbif opinion. I communicate herewith, foi the
mfoiiuntion of Oon ie^} a rcpoit of the Secretary of War.
transmittal? a report of the Commissioner of Indian Affaiis,
with accompanying documents, together with memoimls
■ which have been leceived from the several bauds or panics
' of the Cherokee® themselves. It will be peicoived that in-
ternal feuds still exist, which call for the prompt interven-
tion of the Government of the United States.
u Since the meeting of Congress, several unprovoked mur-
ders have been committed by the stronger upon the weaker
paity of the tribe, wliieli will probably remain unpunished
by the Indian authorities; and there is reason to apprehend .•
that similar outrages will continue to be perpetrated, unless,
restrained, by the authorities of the United States. Many of
the weaker paity have been compelled to teek refuse beyond
the limits of the Indian country, and within the State of Ar-
kansas. and are desti cute of the means for their daily subsist-
ence. The military forces of the United Stales stationed on
the western frontier liave been active in' thfeir-exertions to
suppress these outrages and to execute the treaty of 1835, by
which it is stipulated that 'the United State? agree to pro-
tect the Cherokee nation from domestic strife and foreign
enemies, and against intestine wars between the several.
tribes.5 Thcr-c exertions of the army have proved to a great
extent unavailing, for the reasons stated in the accompany-
ing documents, itielucimg communications from the officei
cororcnvnrhns Gil>son.
; i "I submit for thecon-uleration of Congiess the propriety
j; of making such amendments of the laws regulating inter-
II coui^e with the Indian trills as will xubject to trial and
'I punishment in the courts of the United States all Indians
i i guilty of murder, and such other felonies as may be des-igna-
'ted. «.v!ien committed on other Indians within the jurisdic-
tion of Hie United States. Such a modification of the ex-
isting laws is suggested, becau-e if offenders againtt the
laws of humanity m. the Indian country are left to be
pumt-h^d by Indian laws, they will generally, if not always,
bo pei nutted to escape with impunity. This has been the
case i n repeated i nstitnees among the Cherokees. For j'ears
I unprovoked murdcr< Fiavc been committed, and yet no effort
has been made to bring the offenders to punishment. Should
this *tate ofiiiings continue, it is not difficult to foresee that
the weak«rpaity will he finally destroyed. As the guardian
of the Indian tribes, the Government of the United States"
is bound by every consideration of duty and humanity to in-
terpose to prevent such a disaster.
" From the examination which I have made into the ac-
tual state of things in the Cherokee nation, I am satisfied
that there is no probability that the different bands or parties
into which it is divided can ever again live togetherin peace
and haimony ; and that the well-being of the whole requires
that they should be separated and live under separate gov-
ernments, as dr-ti net tribes. That portion who emigiated to
j the Wv'ft of the ^VTis^sippi prior to the year 1819, commonly
called the " old settlers," and that portion who made the
treaty of 1835, Known an the {- treaty paity," it &s believed
would vullniglv unite, and could live together in harmony.
The n umber of these, as nearly as can be estimated, is about
one third of the tribe. The whole number of all the bands
or parties does not probably exceed twenty thousand. The
country which they occupy embraces seven millions of acres
of land, with the privilege of an outlet to the western limits
of the United States. This country is susceptible of divis-
ion, find is huge enough for all. I submit to Congress the
propriety of either dividing the country which they at pres-
ent occupy, or of providing by law a new home for the one
or the other of the bunds or parties now iD hostile array
against each other, as the most effectual if not the only
means of preserving the weaker party from massacre and
total extermination.' Should Congress favor the division of.
the country as suggested, and the separation of the Chero-
kees into two distinct tribes, justice will require that the an-
nuities and fund** belonging to the whole, now held in trust
for them by the United. States, should be equitably distribu-
ted. among the parties accordmg to their respective claims
and numbers. There is still a small number of the Chero-
kee tri be remainiiiguitlhn the State of North Carolina, who,
according to the stipulations of the treaty of 1835, should
have emigrated with tlieir brethren to the west of the Mis-
sissippi. It is desliable that they should be removed, and,
in the event of a division of the country in the west, or of a
new homo being provided for a portion of the tribe, that
they be permitted to join either party, as they may prefer,
and be incorporated with them. I submit the whole subject
to Congress, that such legislative measures may be adopted
as will be ju&t to all tho parties or bands of the tribe. Such
measures, I am satisfied, are the only means of arresting the
honid and inhuman mast-acre1? which have marked the his-
tory of the Cherokees for the last few years, and especially
for the last few months. The Cherokees have been regard-
ed as among the most enlightened of the Indian tribes;, but
cxpciience has proved, that the/have not yet advanced to
such a state of eiviJimtaon as to dispense with the guardian
care and control of the Government of the United States.
" JAMES K. POLK."
The message vets referred to the Committee on
Indian AtTd-irs.
Mr. HENLEY, in pursuance of notice here-
tofore given, on. lca."ve, introduced a bill to remove
obstructions to navigation at the Palls of the Ohio
river, by the mmiruction of a dam arid locks, and
appropriating; $>250,000 for that purpose.
The hill was read.
JVIr. HENLEY moved its reference to a select
committee.
Mr. HOPKINS moved to refer it to the Com-
mittee on RoadvS and Canals; which motion taking
precedence, the question was put, and it was carried.
And «o the bill was referred to the Committee
on Roads and Oonals.
; Mr. J. Q,. ADA.MS, from the Committee on
j Manufactures, aslced to be discharged from the
■ consideration of the memorial of citizens of New
| Hampshire against a change in the tariff; also,from
I the memorial of 0. W. Stewart and 620 other citi-
zens of Brook county, Virginia, for protection to
■ the manufacturers of firebrick, and that they be
i referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
' Agreed to. And then the House adjourned.
