1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
667
IN SENATE-.
Tuesday, April 14, 1846.
Mr. CHALMERS presented the memorial of
the Legislature of Mississippi, asking the passage
of a law to confirm and regulate pre-emption claims;
which was laid an tile table.
Mr. STURGEON presented the petition of Eliza-
beth Byars, praying apension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. ARCHER presented the petition of John D.
Wyatt, praying permission to locate a quantity of
land, in lieu of that to which he had a patent, but
which'had been previously granted to certain In-
dian claimants, by treaty; which was referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. ASHLEY presented the petition of Leroy
P. Evans, of Conway county, Arkansas, praying
payment for a horse, alleged to have died while in
the military service of the United States; which
was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. HAYWOOD, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, asked that said committee be
dischargecUrom the further consideration of the
petition of John D. Carter; which was agreed to.
Mr. LEWIS, from the Committee on nance,
reported without amendment the (House) bill ma-
king appropriations for the payment of revolution-
ary and other pensions of the United States for the
year ending the 30th June, 1847, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. L. also, from the same committee, reported
with an amendment the (House) bill to supply de-
ficiencies in the appropriations for the service of
the fiscal year ending the 30th June, 1846.
The report of the Committee on Printing, in re-
lation to the subject of printing the report of the
Commissioner of Patents, was taken up, and, at the
suggestion of
Mr. CAMERON, was passed over informally.
Mr. Jarnagtn's resolution, calling for accounts
of the disbt raiments of the secret-service fund from
the year 1825 to the present time, was again, nt
the request of that gentleman, passed over infor-
mally.
INCREASED ACCOMMODATION.
The report of the committee appointed to audit
and control the contingent expenses of the Senate,
regarding certain alterations in the Senate chamber,
coming up for consideration, and the resolution
with which it concludes having been read—
Mr. EVANS inquired how many persons would
be accommodated in addition to the present num-
ber? If only one hundred and fifty additional
persons could be accommodated, alld the cost
would be $4,000, he thought the expense proposed
to be incurred was disproportioned to the extent of
the improvement-
Mr. BREESE observed that, although the sum
mentioned in tbe'resolutipn as the amount to which
the expenditure should be limited was $4,000, yet
he was, {UllY satisfied that _ no greater sum than
about $2,500 would be requisite.
Mr. CRITTENDEN expressed his Opposition
to the proposed alterations, particularly to the con-
struction of a new gallery above the present marble
gallery, for the reason that he feared the light would
be obstructed, and the architectural beauty of the
chamber would be impaired.
Mr. BREESE remarked that the details had
been fully gone into by the report, and he regretted
that it had not received the attention of the Senator
from Kentucky. Had it done so, he was sure the
Senator would have been satisfied that the pro-
posed improvements were important, and were
free from the objections which had been suggested
by him. As far as the light was concerned, there
would be an increased quantity from an enlarge-
ment of the lantern upon the dome. The chamber
would in fact be better lighted, and the light would
come from where it ought to come, from above, in
order to'prevent that unpleasant glare which at
present existed.
Mr. BREESE moved to amend the resolution
by adding the words, " to be paid out of the con-
tingent fund of the Senate.''
Mr. HAYWOOD said he should object to the
resolution were it only on account of this amend-
ment. The alteration ought to be made by pro-
vision of law, by a regular appropriation. To pay
for it out of the contingent fund-would be an abuse
—an evasion—which he hoped would hot be
allowed. The legitimate object of the contingent
iund was to furnish the chamber for the conve-
nience of the printers, and no changes in the build-
ing, no pulling down or putting up, should be done
without the assent of both Houses.
Mr. BREESE replied that it had been the prac-
tice of the Senate to pay for all improvements and
alterations made in the chamber out of that fund.
The upper gallery proposed to be restored was a
part of the original construction of the chamber,
and was removed because it obstructed the light.
Mr. ARCHER was in favor of providing in-
creased accommodation. The position occupied at
present by the ladies who visited the Senate was
extremely uncomfortable, from its narrow limits,
and the closeness and heat of the atmosphere. He
hoped the resolution which accompanied the report
would obtain the favor of the Senate.
Mr. WESTCOTT said he was opposed to any
change.
Mr. WEBSTER said he thought it would he a
very useftil alteration to assign a gallery to the la-
dies'exclusively, and he was quite willing that
better arrangements should be made, if possible,
for the accommodation of the press. Hp thought,
however, that the erection of a new gallery would
seriously interfere with the admission of light and
air, as well as with the symmetry of the chamber.
Mr, CRITTENDEN said this was the first lime
he had ever heard of the alterations proposed. It
was desirable, God knows, to procure more light
from above; but it would be difficult to obtain air
; from above, as it ran in different currents. He
j wished that every pillar should remain untouched,
j and that the chamber should continue a thousand
: years as it stood at this moment.
| The amendment was then rejected; and
I The question being put on the adoption of the
resolution, it was negatived without a division.
Sl'ECtAL ORDER.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the special order, being the joint resolution, &c.;
when—
Mr. WKSTCOTT (Mr. Hasnecan having
yielded the floor to him) rose and addressed the
Senate. He stated that, after close research,
and an attentive consideration of nil which had
been said in debate, he hail come to the conclusion
that the title of the United Slates all along the
coast of Oregon was rlear mid indisputable from
42° to 54° 40'. In this view lie embraced the bays
and rivers running to the Pacific. Any part of
this territory conceded to Great Britain would be
yielded as a gratuity, and not as a right properly
demandable by Great Britain. She has not the
slightest ground of claim to the exclusive gover-
'eignty of any part of Oregon. In no part of her
correspondence with this or any other country has
she ever set up any such chum, clearly because she
knew (hat such pretension would be untenable. It
was the language of her Ministers at home nnd her
Ambassadors abroad, that she made no claim to
exclusive sovereignty in this territory.
Whence, then, the origin of the joint occupa-
tion ? Could a joint occupation arise out of a dis-
covery made not by the parties jointly, but by one
of them separately? A right of joint occupancy
could not, in his view, arise out of a separate set-
tlement. On this ground, therefore, on the ground
of any discovery or exploration by her, Great
Britain could not set up any claim to joint occu-
pancy. If she had any right, it must be looked
for in some treaty stipulations. She could derive
no right from contiguity, when that contiguity em-
braced a separate interest.
He stated his belief that the parallel of 49° {lid
not extend as a boundary beyond the Rocky
Mountains. To prove this, he quoted Malte Brun.
The English did not regard this line as running to
the Pacific, because they discarded it at Nootka.
Nor had this line, west of the Rocky Mountains,
been ever alluded to by the British diplomatists.
The right of Spain to the exclusive possession of
the whole northwest coast beyond 54* 40', with
all the bays and rivers, was founded in the law of
nations.
The Senator from New York [Mr. Dix] had
so clearly defined the claim of Spain, that he would
content himself with a mere reference to that
speech, and confine himself to the convention at
Nootka Sound. The diplomatic correspodence of
the Ministers of Great Britain is carefully pre-
served ill her archives. She had possession of all
the correspondence which led to the Nootka Sound
treaty; and the fact that she had, ill all her diplo-
matic communications, studiously avoided any
reference to that correspondence, was, in his opin-
ion, evidence that its production would have been
injurious to her claim in the present dispute. From
the Annual Register he quoted portions of the de-
bate on this treaty, for- .the purpose of showing
that the British Government kept back this cor-
respondence from the House Of Commons. He
felt warranted, therefore, in the inference that
there was something in this correspondence which,
if made known, would have prejudiced the British
claim. When Meares landed at Nootka Sound,
the Spaniards not only had the legal possession,
but had built forts, made settlements, and expend-
ed hundreds of thousands of pounds. The memo-
rial of Meares to the British Parliament was an
afterthought. A communication from Count Flor-
ida Blanca, published in the Annual Register of
1790, shows that the attempt of Meares was at the
instigation of some British merchants resident in
imha, for the purpose of obtaining a participation
in (lie fur trade. In this communication addressed
Lo ihe British Government, the tide of Spain was
vindicated. And Mr. Fox, who was in the op-
position, said he was asmuch ill favor ofthe claims
of Spain as Count Florida Blanca, or any other
person, as founded on the treaty of Utrecht, be-
cause they were founded in justice.—(Parliamen-
tary History, vol. 28, p. 991.)
Mr. Fitzherbert was sent Minister from Great
Britain to Spain, in June, 1700. Count Florida
Blanca and Mr. Fitzherbert exchanged communi-
cations in the month of July. The Spanish dec-
laration reserved the rights of Spain in the terri-
tory of Nootka, and (he treaty was made in the
following October. Mr. W. then read the articles
ofthe treaty, under the fifth of which Great Britain
cannot make any settlement on any portion of the
territory occupied by Spain. Mr. W. referred to
a manuscript volume in the CongiessionalLibrary,
presented by Colonel Torrencc, containing interest-
ing details as to the policy of Mexico (acting under
the orders of Spain) in lelation to the noithwest
coast. This volume had been quoted by Mr.
Owen, in the other House, and it placed the rights
of Spain on a clear footing, containing an order of
the Viceroy of Mexico to keep up a military force
at Nootka.
He intimated his intention to append to his
speech, when prepared for the press, various ex-
tracts from this work.
Mr. W. intimated that he did regard our right to
Nootka grounded on the Spanish claim, which we
had obtained by the treaty of 181$, as perfectly
clear. He referred to the debates iii the English
Parliament, to show that Mr. Fox, and others,
considered the Nootka treaty as injuriously restrict-
ing the rights of Great Britain to the mere right of
residence for the purpose of trading with the In-
dians.
But although he considered the title of the Uni-
ted States perfect to 54° 40', along the coast of the
Pacific, and including the bays and rivers connect-
ed therewith, he had come to the conclusion that it
would not be expedient to give the notice to Great
Britain of the termination of the convention. He
regarded the notice as a measure of war, and he
believed that, if given, it will not have the least effect
in inducing Great Britain to recede; and, if we
commence our preparations of war, she will not
wait for their completion to begin the attack.
He declared that if the treaty were to be sent to
the Senate for ratification, on the basis of anything
below 49°, or yielding the permanent navigation of
the Straits of Fuca, it would not pass the Senate.
He believed that Great Britain had made her war-
like preparations with a view to a conflict with this
country. From the tone of the British press, he
was satisfied that there was a deep spirit of hostil-
ity against this country smouldering in the breasts
of the people of England. He did not dread that
the withholding of the notice would lead to any
outbreaks in the territory of Oregon. And if
Great Britain should, in the end, show a disposi-
tion to act unjustly and unfairly, he would vote to
declare war against her, and carry it, not only into
Oregon, but into Canada.
He would vote agaist the notice in any form, al-
though he preferred the naked notice to any other
form, because he regarded it as the most dignified
One or two Senators had intimated a wish that
the vote on the notice could be postponed until
near the close of the session, in order to see what
course would be pursued by the British Govern-
