668
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
AprilM,
ment. He cared not for any effect which might
be produced on Great Britain; but he desired the
postponement of the vote, and if, in the interval,
efficient measures were taken to increase our naval
and military defences, it would secure his vote for
the notice. He then commented on the miserably
unprotected state of the Florida coast, exposing1
all that frontier to devastation and capture, before
any preventive measures could be applied. He
spoke of the facility with which we could bring- an
armv into the field, declaring- that we could raise a
powerful army in a shorter time than any other
nation in the world.
In conclusion, he disavowed all allegiance to
party, and apologized, on the ground of his pecu-
liar position, for troubling the Senate at so much
length.
Mr. HOUSTON then moved that the Senate ad-
journ, but withdrew it at the request of
Air. FAIRFIELD, who moved that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Executive business.
Mr. MANGUM renewed the motion to adjourn,
which was negatived—yaes 3 4, nays 19
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, expressed the
hope that, as many Senators were absent, the cal-
endar would be taken up, instead of going into
Executive session, [Cries of " No, no."]
Mr. FAIRFIELD withdrew his motion at the
request of Mr. McDuifie.
Mr. McDUFFIE rose, and remarked that it was
extraordinary that any Senator should have so en-
tirely overlooked or misunderstood the language
of Mr. Fox in the British Parliament, as to have
given to it the construction which the Senator from
Florida had given to it. He then quoted from the
same volume which had been used by the Senator
ftom Florida, a page further on, to show that Mr.
Fox and others asserted that Great Britain had
important rights at Nootka before the comcntion,
and which remained toiler afierits termination,
and that Spain never held a legal possession, such
as is contemplated by the law of nations. Great
Britain claimed, in common with other nations;
she so claims now; unjustly, as far as regards our
claim to the territory embraced in Gray's dis-
covery.
A message from the President of the United
States in relation to the erection of a fire-proof
building for the use of the War and Navy Depart-
ments, and estimating- the expense of the same,
was rend.
On motion of Mr. FAIRFIELD, the Senate
wont into Excciitnc session; and after some tune
spent,
A djourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. ij
Tcksday, ,3pril 14, 1846. |;
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved. ;i
Mr. DANIEL rose to a privileged question, and !!
Raid the reports in the Union and Intelligencer, of i;
th(j rcmaiks he ft'It constrained to make on yester- 'j
day in the Committee of the Whole on the state of !l
the Union, upon the Oregon bill, were such, that jj
he felt himself under the disagreeable necessity of 'j
following the example so often set, of asking tlu  ij
indulgence of the House for a moment, in onier to |
correct the erroneous positions which he had been !j
made to assume. i1
Leave having been granted, Mr. D. continued— !
In the report of his remarks in the Union, there !;
was scarcely a single position taken by him cor- \ '>
rcctly piesented. The whole tenor of the publish- :j
ed remarks were so much at variance with the \\
grounds he actually assumed, that to prevent him- !
self from being drawn into false positions hereafter, :
he might be under the necessity of publishing the
substance of what he did say. It was but justice ■
to the standing reporteis of the Union, that he j
should state, that the report was not prepared by
them.
In the brief report oi the Intelligencer he was 1
correctly reported, as far os it went, with two ex- i:
ceptions. He was made to suv, " Let us state our
ultimatum j and then we should know whether we
were to have peace or war.'' So far from saying 1
that, what he did say was almost precisely the "
contrary. In expressing the regret he felt at the
delay in passing the notice, and the diversity of
opinion among us, he said in substance that, m
his opinion, it would have been infinitely better !
for us to have passed the notice promptly, and i
with becoming unanimity, aid to have left the 1
maintenance of our title to the country in question
to the Executive Department of the Government,
to whom by the Constitution it properly belongs.
Such a course would evince confidence in the Ex-
ecutive in the proper discharge of those, duties
which the Constitution devolves upon him, and
probably cause Great Britain to take her stand and
make known her ultimatum. We should then
know whether we are to have peace or war. Nor
did he say he -was opposed to all amendments.
His opposition was to the amendments in regard
to boundary. He thought the convention suffi-
ciently indicated the country over which it was
proposed to extend the protection of our laws. He
did not wish to do anything to fetter the Execu-
tive in negotiation.
Mr. YANCEY also rose to an explanation, and
(leave having been granted) said that he was not in
his seat yesterday morning when the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Ashmun,] had risen to
state that he was correctly reported by the Balti-
more American as having said that the charge made
by me that Mr. Webster was a pensioned agent of
the manufacturers was untrue. I presume, there-
fore, that he clid say so; though so indistinctly as
not to he heard where I stood. I now desire to
know of the gentleman from Massachusetts, wheth-
er, in using thot expression " it is not true," he al-
luded to my statement that I made this charge upon
authority of public papers, or whether he designed
to sav that the charge, as it appeared in the public
papers, was not. true?
Mr. ASHMUN said that he did not distinctly
hear the question of the gentleman from Alabama,
and desired him to repeat it; which he did.
Mr. A. then said that his language was so plain,
that he did not suppose that any man of intelligence
could doubt as to its meaning, or could give to it a
doubtful construction, if he was even anxious to
do it.
Mr. YANCEY said he was not present and did
not heai it.
Mr. ASHMUN said, I am correctly reported in
the Intelligence and Union; and my language was
a most emphatic and unequivocal denial of the truth
of the statement which the gentleman had under-
taken to make upon the authority of the newspa-
pers.
Mr. YANCEY. I am satisfied, sir. All I now
have to add is, that I leave the matter between
the two gentlemen from Massachusetts—one of
whom [Mr. Ashmun] denies that Mr. Webster is
" a pensioned agent of the manufacturers," and the
other [Mr. Wrxrunop] states, "by authority,"
that, he is in the enjoyment of " an annuity for life,"
£?i\eu by the commercial interest. If the nature of
things cannot be changed, it seems that the names
may.
Mr. OWEN said, that so many of his fellow-
members had, this morning, urged him to consent
to a postponement of the Smithsonian bill, the spe-
cial order of to-day, for one week, with the under-
standing that there should be no farther postpone-
ment, that he now made that motion, adding to it,
by the consent of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. C. J. IyaER^OLL,] a motion to postpone
a bill relative to a duty on Java coffee, introduced
by him, and made the special order for this day
week—one week longer. j
Mr. HARALSON moved to amend, by insert-
ing two weeks instead of one for the first bill, and
three weeks instead of two for the other.
The motion on the amendment was lost. And
the question recurring on the original motion of
Mr. Owen, it was carried. So the Smithsonian
bill 3s made the special orderforTuesday, the 21st
of April, and the bill relative to Java coffee, is
made the special orderforTuesday, the 28th of
April.
Mr. PHELPS 2-ave notice of a motion for leave
to introduce a bill to confirm certain entries of land ,
made at the Springfield land office, in the State of j
; Missouri. _ |
Mr. PHELPS offered the following resolution, j
; !
fieonlved, That the Committee on the Post Office i
1 and Post, Roads be instructed to inquire into the
' expediency of establishing post-routes from Green-
field. Dade county, by Buck Prairie, Carsville,
and John P. Williams's, to Forsyth, Taney
■ county, in the. State of Missouri; from George-
town, Peters county, by Clear Mills, to Lexing-
ton, Lafayette county, in the State of Missouri;
from Warsaw, Benton county, Missouri, by Osce-
ola and Batesville, to Fort Scott, in the Indian
territory; from Washbourne Prairie, Barry coun-
ty, Missouri, to Maysville, in Arkansas; from
Bolivar, Polk county, by Humansville, to Osceola,
St. Clair county, Missouri. ' .[J*
The said resolution was read; when ' *
Mr. McCONNELL moved to' amend the same
by adding thereto the-following:
" That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of establishing a mail coach * route from
Huntsville, by Gunter's Landing,'Double Spring,
Jacksonville, Talladega, to Montgomery, Ala-
bama, the present seat of the State Government."
Mr. PHELPS accepted the said amendment,
and modified his said resolution accordingly, and
the said resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
AMERICAN SETTLERS IN OREGON.
Mr. HARALSON moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union; but withdrew the motion at the request
of—
Mr. BOYD, who offered a resolution, in the
usual form, providing that all debate in Committee
of the whole on the state of the Union on the bill
to protect the rights of American settlers in the ter-
retory of Oregon, until the termination of the joint
occupation of the same, should terminate on Thurs-
day next, at two o'clock.
Mr. HOGE moved to amend the resolution, by
striking out "Thursday next, at two o'clock,"
and inserting, "half an hour after taking up said
bill;55 which motion was rejected.
Mr. H. further moved to amend the resolution,
by striking out "Thursday," and inserting " to-
morrow." Rejected*
The question recurring on the resolution—
Mr. YANCEY inquired whether it was in order
to state his objections to it?
The SPEAKER said no discussion was in or-
der.
Mr. YANCEY then moved to amend the reso-
lution, so as to substitute " Monday week" for the
day therein designated.
Which motion was rejected.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON moved to amend the
resolution by inserting " one o'clock," instead of
"two."
Which motion was rejected.
And then the resolution was adopted.
Mr. HARALSON renewed his motion that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON suggested that the com-
mittees should be called for reports.
Mr. HARALSON persisted in his motion.
And the question thereon having been taken, and
decided in the affirmative—
The House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Hamlin, of
Maine, in the chair,) and resumed the considera-
tion of the bill to protect the rights of American
settlers in the territory of Oregon until the termi-
nation of the joint occupation of the same.
Mr. FARAN, who was entitled to the floor from
last evening, addressed the committee in a speech,
which is in course of preparation, and which will
appear in the Appendix.
The points only are here presented;
He said he could not agree with the venerable
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] that
they should postpone action upon this bill until
they saw what was to be the fate of the notice in
the Senate. Let them do what they believed to be
their duty, and if the Senate failed to do theirs, on
them would rest the responsibility.
He thought it proper that they should define the
i limits of Oregon in this bill. The common accep-
i tation of the extent of that territory was that por-
i tion of country lying between the Pacific and the
j Rocky Mountains, embraced between 49° and 54°
I 40' north latitude. If the limitation to 49°, as pro-
! posed by the amendment of Mr. McHenry, was
j made in this bill, he argued that it would debar our
; Government from hereafter setting up claim to any
portion above that parallel.
tie justified the President m refusing to reveal
to the country and to the world the exact point to
which we might go, while the British Government
made no declarations, nor were asked to make any,
of the basis on which they might hereafter agree to
settle the question. He also vindicated the Presi-
dent's refusal to submit the question to arbitration,
