1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
669
and contended that the British Government having
previously, at several times, refused the 49th par-
allel, their offer of arbitration was with a view to
obtain something better than that line, to which
the'great majority of both political parties in this
" country were unwilling to assent.
The impression attempted to be produced on the
minds of the' people of the country, that this ques-
tion would be and ought to be Settled on the basis
of 49°, he considered an erroneous and injurious
impression. It was founded upon the erroneous
assumption- that oilr Government had claims to
nothing more, inasmuch as it has several times
made the offer; but that he said was by way of
compromise, in which each party offer to surren-
der to the other by way of settlement, that to
which they think they have the best right; and also
upon the assumption that, by the conventions of
1818 and 1827, we had agreed that Great Britain
has rights in that territory. But that convention,
so far from acknowledging any claims, expressly
left that whole question in abeyance. It was also
unwise, he contended, to make this impression,be-
cause we have no proof that Great Britain will ac-
cept of this line; in order to show the improbabil-
ity of which, he read from a paper before him a
detailed chronological account of the various offers
(and their rejections) made by the British and
American Governments respectively during the
whole course of negotiation on this subject. In
further estimating tlhe probability of the refusal by
the British Government of this line, Mr. P. no-
ticed the obstacle presented to it by the cavalier
rejection by Mr. Pakcnham of Mr. Buchanan's last
proposition; and from Sir Robert Peel's declara-
tion concerning it, that " he could not say" that it
ought to have been rejected, he denied the correct-
ness of the inference that he (Sir Robert Peel) was
in favor of accepting it, but considered that it would
have been more conformable to his dictates of
policy to have kept it under revision for a while
for the excitement here to abate, and a door be
opened for future and more favorable settlement to
Great Britain.
He mentioned the unfavorable effect which the
acceptance of that line would have upon the Hud-
son Bay Company, destroying it, as it would, in
one year, and the indecision manil'estsd by the
American Congress, and the tone of a portion of
the commercial and other press, and of individuals
here favoring British pretensions; both which ho
strongly reprobated, as other obstacles to a settle-
ment on the line of 49°.
He believed that the British Government, had no
right whatever to any portion of the Northwest
coast between 42° and 54° 40f; that the notice
should be given; and .that, whatever negotiations
might hereafter arise, the question of boundary was
not an open subject to be treated of, but merely
the period which should be allowed to them to
close up their affairs and remove fVom the terri tory.
In conclusion, he gave notice, that when he wrote
out his speech, he should take the liberty to in-
clude other points upon which want of time pre-
vented his now dwelling.
Mr. TIBBATTS, mentioning the fact that ho had
had the honor of occupying the chair of the com-
mittee when the resolution for giving the notice
was under consideration, and had thereby been
prevented from addressing the committee, pro-
ceeded to give his views upon the general subject,
of which we give but a sketch at present; but
which will be more fully presented hereafter.
He alluded to the resolutions of amendment,
which he had proposed to the resolution forgiving
the notice, and to the opinions therein expressed,
which still remained unchanged. He believed that
the true course of the country was to give the (j
notice to Great Britain for the termination of the
convention of 1827; and inasmuch as it was appre- j"
hended by some, that this notice would be consul- j
ered by Great Britain a declaration of war, he was
willing to accompany the notice with a declaration |
on the part of the President, that the matter is still j
open to-negotiation; and that the war power of the I
Government relating both to the army and the navy j
should be placed under the control of the Presi- |
dent, with a sufficient amount of money to make |
all'necessary preparations for defence. He was
still of the same opinion. He did not believe that
delay had been of benefit at all; on the contrary,
that it was prejudicial to our interests. Wealready
found it declared in England that there would be
found a party in this country who would sustain
them. This was doubtless a mistaken idea. But
the longer wc delayed this matter, the more diffi-
culty we should find in settling it.
He was gratified to see that the amendment of
his colleague, [Mr. McHenry,] confining the ope-
ration of this bill to thesouth of 49°,had been voted
down. But he thought the time had come when
this House should declare whether it was for 49°
or 54° 40', and upon this bill. Mr. T. reviewed
the course of this Government, tracing the unity
of the position occupied by it from the year 1827,
when we claimed the territory up to 54° 40', down
to the passage by this House at the last session, by
a vote of 140 to 59, of the bill extending our juris-
diction up to 54° 40'; and he took the position
that the Democratic party, in passing this bill, held
out to the President the idea that they would sus-
tain him in asserting the right and title of this
country to 54° 40'.
It was important, for two reasons, that the first
section of this bill should assert what we believe
to be our right: first, because the British Govern-
ment would believe that we were backing out from
our pretensions, if, believing that we have a just
title to 54° 40', we do not declare it; and second,
if we ditl not believe that we were entitled to 54°
40', that the President of the United States might
know that he was not to be sustained by Congress
in asserting our claims higher than 49°.
He. was no advocate ior war. The civilized
world, for twenty-eight yeuis, had enjoyed n peace
that has aided the prosperity of the world in everv
respect; and any man who, without just cause,
should disturb its peaceful relations, would deserve
the. execrations of mankind. But he would not
be deterred, from the anticipation of the evils of
war—which ho portrayed in strong terms—from
the assertion and maintenance of our just rights.
They should, at once, be. declared by the Repre-
sentatives of the people, as far as they believe
them to exist, in order that the people might lie
informed of the. opinions of their Representatives, j
The people, after they were satisfied of the extent ,
of their just rights, wanted no more; but they j
would submit to surrender none of them. Though
ho was no advocato for war, he yet apprehended i
no danger to this country from the ultimate result ,
of n conflict with Great Britain, or any other na- j
tion or nations. The declaration of war with
Great Britain would sound the tocsin of the con-
flict which should drive forever the British power
from this continent.
Mr. T. examined at some length, and with mi-
nuteness, tlie question of title to the Oregon terri-
tory, as founded on the, several grounds of discov-
ery, exploration, &c„; arriving at the conclusion
that the right of discovery and of formal possession,
according to the usages of those times, and of grant
from Ferdinand and Isabella, according to the laws
of nations then received by the Christian world,
wits in Spain; that the right of exploration and
settlement was in the United Slates; that Great
Britain never did make any permanent settlement
prior to the convention of 1818, and could acquire
no right since that time, because of the existence
of the convention of non-occupation; and that, on
the termination of this convention after twelve
months notice, the claims of the two nations would
remain the same us they existed in 1818, with the
exception that the United States had subsequently
(in 1819) acquired the right of Spain, and had thus,
in her own right and in lhat of Spain, the elements
of discovery, exploration, and settlement, which
constituted a good and valid title to the whole ter-
ritory.
He referred to a question previously put by his
colleague, |Mr. G. Davis,] how the present Exec-
utive, who believed we were entitled to 54° 40',
could offer to the British Government the line of
49°; and said he would answer his honorable col-
league by asking him another question: If the
venerable gentleman from Massachusetts believed
our title good to 54° 40', how could he have offered
to the British Government the line of 490? An()
if Mr. Cloy, who was that gentleman's Secretary
of State, believed our title extended so far, also,
how could he have offered 49°? Mr. Polk himself
declared that ho had made the offer in deference to
the acts of his predecessors; but this reason did
not apply to the gentleman from Massachusetts and
to Mr. Clay, inasmuch as the offer had not been
made previously to the time when made by them.
He argued that this matter would not, be settled
between the two countries until the notice is given,
because any alteration of the present existing state
of things would be less favorable to British inter-
ests than her present position, enjoying, as she
does, the right of navigation and of trade—a free
introduction 'of her merchandise into that terri-
tory. For this reason the notice should be given,
not as a war measure, but as a peace measure.
Ho man could doubt, (he said,) if this matter were
not settled with Great Britain in a very short time,
but war must inevitably ensue.
He contended that we had a right to pass this
bill whether we gave the notice or not. With or
without the notice, we had. the right to extend the
shield of our laws over our people hi that territory,
and to carry out all the measures recommended by
the President.
But gentlemen asked, " What do you expect to
do, provided this notice is given? Could any
man doubt that, after the termination of the twelve
months of notice, we would extend our jurisdic-
tion up to 54° 40'? No man could doubt it. The
result was plain. This question must either be
settled by negotiation, or collision between the two .
countries would certainly follow.
Mr. T. concluded by renewing his appeal to gen-
tlemen, who believed that we are entitled to 54°
40', to come out and declare it on this bill, that the
President and the treaty-making power may know
to what extent they will be sustained by the Rep-
resentatives of the people. If they believed that
our claims went only to 49°, let them equally de-
clare it, for the same reason. For one, he took the
former position, and he should come out boldly
aiul avow it; and he confided in the President and
Senate to take the proper course in the matter; lie
would not praise or blame the action of the treaty-
making power in advance.
Mr, VINTON obtained the floor, and offered
the following as an amendment to the amendment:
"Provided, That nothing in this act shall be so
construed or executed as to deprive the subjects of
Great Britain of any of the rights and privileges
secured to them by the convention signed at Lon-
don between the United States and Great Britain
on the 6th day of August, 1827; nor so as to vio-
late said convention in any other manner whatever,
and this act shall remain in force till said conven-
tion shall be annulled and abrogated, and no long-
er."
Mr. TRUMAN SMITH withdrew his amend-
ment.
And Mr. Vinton's took its place.
Mr. VINTON then explained his views in rela-
tion to the operation of the bill, expressing bis in-
tention to vote for it, if the proviso should be in-
serted. If not, he could not give it his sanction,
Mr. V., in the course of his remarks, referred
to the motives which induced the Whigs to vote
for the notice last winter,
Mr. WOODWARD explained. He did not in-
tend, yesterday, to make any charge against the
Whig side of the House, in alluding to their course
last winter in relation to "notice." He meant no
more than to state, historically, the facts as they
occurred, and to explain how they influenced the
vote of the House upon the Oregon bill; and he
submitted that he had stated the facts correctly,
but was, perhaps, wrong in undertaking to guess
at the motives that actuated the Whig members.
He entertained no doubt whatever that the honor-
able member from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] voted as he
then did for the reasons he now states, and he
was free to admit that the rest of the Whigs were
governed by the same motives.
[Whilst Mr. V. was speaking, the committee
rose informally, and the Speaker resumed the
chair, for the purpose of receiving a message in
writing from the President of the United States,
by the hands of J. K. Walker, Esq., his private
secretary. Under the impression that the Mes-
sage was an answer to Mr. C. J. Ingersoll's call
for information, some anxiety was manifested for
its reading. But it had no reference to that sub-
ject.]
Mr. COBB followed in advocacy of the bill, and
urged the necessity of defining in it the extent of
our rights to Oregon, and of making a permanent
extension of our jurisdiction, and ihe protection of
our laws over our citizens in that territory, con-
tending that we might as well do this one year in
advance, as one month in advance of the termina-
tion of the convention—thereby avoiding the pos-
sibility of an interregnum of American laws, (while
those of the British would continue, and those
