1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
671
manufactured; roineial and bituminous substances, crude 'y
musical mstiumenls; imrate of lead, nufc?, oats, ochres,
oils, (animal,) olive oil other than salad, opiuin, oranges,
lemons and limes, orange and lemon pefel; patent moidant,
paints, paper-liangings, pearl barley j periodicals, and other
works in the course of republication m the United States.;
pineapples, pitch, plantain, plumbago, pork, potatoes, potas-
sia, Prussian blue, pumpkins, putty, quills, red chalk, rhu-
batb, nee or paddy, roofing slates ; roil brimstone, Roman
cement; rye and rye flour; saddlery, common, tinned or
japanned % sago^sal soda, and all other carbonates of soda,
salt, salts, sarsaparilla; sewing silks, shaddocks, sheathing
paper, shoes of India rubbei, sili^ twist, tanned and dres&eu
skins, slate pencils, smaltz, spermaceti candles, spnits of
turpentine, sponge, spunk, squills, starch, steatine caudles,
stereotype plates, still bottoms, sulphates of barjtos and
quinine, tallow candles, tapioca, tar, thread lace& and in-
setting*; tobacco, unmanufactured; twine and pack thread,
type met-d, types, vanilla beans, verdigris, cotton velvet, vel-
vet ot cotton and silk, vermihon, vinegar, wax candles,
whalebone, wheat and wheat flour, white and led lead,
whiting, white vituol, window glass, unmanufactured wood,
woollen lifting*, yarns. '
To pay 15 per cent, ad valorem.—Angola, Thibet, and goat's
hair, unmanufactured; arsenic, Peruvian and quilia "bark,
^Brazil pa*te, cedar wood, ebony, granadilla, mahogany, rose-
wood, satin wood, coihlla, glacier's? diamonds, dragon's
blood, extracts, of indigo, logwood and madder, unmanu-
factured flax, gold and t-iiver leaf, bron/.e and iron liquor*,
manna, marble in tho rough, Dutch and bronze metal in
the leaf, mineral ciomes; shewing, darning, and knitting
needles; ozier or willow lor baskets, paving tile.', K'ppia;
steel in bars, plates, or sheets; zinc, spelter, or teutonugue,
in sheets.
To pay 10 per cent, ad valorem.—Ammonia, ariimitto;
printed books, magazines, pamphlets, periodicals, and illus-
trated newspaper* ; huihling stonfv, cameos, and mosaics,
chronometers and part*, cocoa and cocoa shells, compo i-
tions of gla s and paste, cork-tree bark, eteam Untar, cud-
hear ; diamonds, gems, peaii.?, rubiot., and other procious
stones, unset; engraving.-!; rlax, hemp, and rape sued; ful-
ler's earth, hatters' furs, goldbeaters' skins, gunny cloth;
hair of all kinds, uncleaned, unmanufactured ; mdia-rubbei,
in bottle -, slab^s, or sheets; lemon and hmejmco, lime, mu-
sic and muMc paper, maps and clmrts, nux vomica, palm
and cocoa-nut oils, mpunont, palm-loaf, pla.-ter ot Pari*, pol-
ishing stones, pumice, quicksilver, rattans and roods1, rotten
stone, sal ammoniac, saiipetro, raw silk, soda ash, sulphuric
acid, tatton, marrow, and all other soap stocks, tearne tin
plates, tinfoil, tin in plat.'h and sheet*, tin plates galvanised,
watches and watch mnteiiab, woad or pu^tcl.
To pay 5 -per cent. ad. valorem,—Aloornoque, barilla 5 hells,
when old, or bell metal; bleaching powder*; hras^, 111 pigs
or bard; old brass, bristles, burr stonos, chalk, clay, cochin-
eal ; copper, in pigs or bars; old copper, Hints, grindstones,
gum Arabic, gum Barbary, gum East India, gum Jeddy,gmn
Senegal, gum substitute or bnint stuuh?guui tnigaeanth,
horns, bones and teeth, indigo, kelp, kernies, hu- dye, hie
spuits, madder, nation, nickel, paving stones, old pewter,
rags; raw hides and skins, whether dned or suited; raw
hides, pickled; salllowei, salVion and sall'ion cuke; « ltp«'ue
or nitrate of soda, or potash when crude; seedlnc, shellac,
sumac, terra japonieo, or eatacnu; tin, in pi-is burs, or
blocks; tortoise and otnei shells, ummiuutiu tmed, tumeric;
waste or shoddy; weld; zinc, spoiler, or t  utenugue, un-
manufactured, not otherwise provided for.
AH articles not specially provided for shall pay twenty j>cr
cent, ad valorem.
The foltouing to he admitted free 0/ duty Animals im-
ported for breed; argol, or crude-tartar berries; nuts and
vegetables, unmanufactured, used fbr dyeing; all dyewoods
in sticks; etude brimstone; gold and silver bullion; cabinet
coins, medals, and collections of antiquities; coll'oo mid Km
when imported direct from place of growth in American
vessels, or foreign vessels entitled l y reciprocal tusuics to
be exempt from discriminating duties/ tonnage, and other
charges; coffee, the growth ot the possessions of tin1 Nether-
lands, imported from the Nothei lands in tho same maimer;
gold, silver, and-eopper com 5 copper ore, copper imported
for the United -States Mint; Cotton, felt tor hheuthuig vo.v-
sels; fish fresh caught; garden, and othei seech not other-
wise provided for; goods, wares, and meiclumdiae, tho
growth or maijufactuse of the United States exported and
luougbt back to the United Slates in the same condition as
when exported, on which no bounty or drawback 1ms been
allowed; green turtles,guano, household effect*, old and in
\iie of persons or families from abroad, not intended tor
sale, &e.; ivory unmanufactured, ivorv nuts or vegetable
ivoiy, old junk, madder root, models ot inventions urn! other
improvements in the art- , nutaalK oakum, spermaceti oil,
whale and other fish of American fudieries, other articles
of produce of such fisheries, paintings and .statuary of Amer-
ican artists, other paintings and statuary if imported as ob-
jects of taste, ihother of pearl; personal and household
effects of citizens dying abroad; plaster of Paris unground;
platina unmanufactured; sheathing copper. '18 by 14 inches,
weight 14 to 34 ounces per square foot; sheathing metal;
specimens of natural history, mineralogy, or botany; tiees,
shrubs, plants, and roots; wearing apparel 111 iu-e am other
personal effect^ professional books, implements and tools
of trade.
In any year in which there shall he a deficiency of reve-
nue, 10 per cent, ad valorem on fu and coffee, to take effect
after the first ounrtor of the ensuing year.
Instead of the bounty on pickled fish, a drawback equal in
amount t  tho duty on salt shall he paid. ,
Goods 111 public store 011 the 3d December, 1846, shall ne
subject to no other duty upon the entry thereof than if im-
ported after that day. . .
Goods imported from this side the Cape of &ood Hope or
Gape if era may remain in public stoi e inr one hundred and
fifty days; and if imported from beyond those capes, one
hundred and eighty days.
On entry, an addition to the coat or value of tho invoice
map be made by the person making the entry, so as to raise
the'value to the true market value in the markets of the eouu-
try whenee imported, and to add all co^ts, &c , upon which
amount so made, dutv shall bs assessed
rftbe appraisers think the goods are undervalued with the
intention of fraud, the goods may be taken for the use of the
United States, and sold at auction, ar.d the proceeds placed
in the trea&ury; the owner to be paid the amount declared in
the entry, and five per centum in addition. This to be the
law till l&t January, 1848.
All revenue and custom-house officers who are not now
sworn, to be sworn faithfully and diligently to perform the
duties of their offices respectively.
All acts and parts ot aet  repugnant to be repealed.
SICK AND DISABLED SEAMEN.
Mr. GRINNELL, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred sundry petitions of
officers and seamen engaged in the whale fishery,
and of citizens of various towns in Massachusetts
and other States in their behalf, reported a bill sup-
plementary to the act for the relief of sick and dis-
abled seamen, and for other purposes. The bill pro-
vides that vessels arriving from a whaling voyage
shall pay ten cents per month for the Ume con-
sumed in the voyage for every seaman, to be re-
tained from the wages or shares of the seamen;
which sum shall he added to the fund for the bene-
fit of sick and disabled seamen. And there is ap-
propriated out of the public Treasury, $20,000 for
the erection of a marine hospital at fs'ew Jiedfotd,
in Massachusetts, and the further sum of $20,000
for the erection of a marine hospital at Isrc\v Lon-
don, m Connecticut. The bill was read and com-
mitted.
And the House adjourned.
FALLS OF THE OHIO.
The following is a copy of the bill introduced
yesterday by Mr. Hemmc?: ;
A BILL to remove obstructions to the navigation of the '
falls of the Ohio.
" He it enacted hy the Senate and House of Rej/resentutivcs '
of the United States of America in Canards asm That
the Secretary oi War be, ami lie is hereby, authorized and ,
dncctcd to t'nuxc a dam and lock to be eon tiuot. d at the j
falls of the Ohio nver, of a KUbM.mtial and p< rmanent eiiar- >
acter, adequate tor the passage at ail times of Mich \ east la t
tH navigate timl river. j
Sut\ %J. tie it further enacted. That the Hjm of two hun-
dred and fitly thousand dollars be, and itw hereby, nppiopri-
ut< d for unit purpo-c.
PETITIONS, &c.
Tho following petitions and memorials were pre
Rented, under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees: j
Hy Mr. TlUHATTrf: The memorial ot 1'enjnmiri (-raw- ;
font, in relation to his invention of a m?u1o, hy whieh the
amount of pret«uio and the (juantuy ot wafer in s-t« am-
hoilei- wtli tie ttveurately nhovvn: referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce,
Uv Air. .1. B. HUNT: The memorial of Iknjamin Loouih,
of Miehig.m, loi un invalid jk-umou. refeiml tu th« Com-
mittee on invalid Pensions,
J5v Mr. SCA.MMON: The pi tition of James Walker and
f 9 others, prauiu? lor a mail-route from Saeo to Lowell, in
the State of Mauie, through Buxton, Standith, Liimnjjcon,
lialdu in, Srbayo, i). nmurk, llrid ion, and Bw eduen: refer-
ied to the Committee on the J'o.-t Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. HTEWAKT: Toe tin monal of the trunn-esof the
public schools oi VVtt-huigtnn city, praying for aid : referred
to the Committee for the JLnstrict of Columbia. The remon-
timneo of Ute importing merehanis of New York, mruin-t
the proposed elum^e of the dutte< on silk. The petition of
niaige number ol the citizetH of New Hampshire, remon-
stratmp; ngamst any ehtuijje ot the present tan If.
Uyftir. iiUOCKKNlUtOUCU: The {ictitn.n of Sarnh I*.
Anderson, toreompensatjon tor lous of propeit\ seized upon
for the usie of the touted tftatex; refericd to tin* Committee
on CUuniK.
Hy Mi'. IIARMANSON : The petition of widow Onumlla
and'heirs, for eouftrmstion ot a iniet of land in Louisiana.
liy Mi. M. L. MARTIN: The meuional of the Le«;js-
lutive A-setidily of the Territory of Wisconsin, on the sub-
jeet of a jnniteiitiar). The memoiiai of the same body,
"relative to tho canal lamb, and to tins even sections on the
caiml ichcivc in ^udTcmtoiy. The mcmonal of the same
body for an appropiintion of Fort Howard to the Territory
for educational purposes. The memorial of the same body,
ji lative to the establishing certain m:ul-ioutes.
Hy Mr. U. SMI'l'U: The mt-uionai of William S. Wait
ami l(M other citizen.- of Bond county, illinois? praying a
money appropriation {bribe furtherVon.-ttuction of the
Cumlierland ro.id; referred to tlie Committee of the Whole
on the sum* of the Union.
By Mr. HKNLF.V: The petition of James B. MeCutcheon,
ot Iiuhami, a<kin? compensation for property desttoyed by
the Ameneau at my dmin^ the !a t war,
fiv Mr. HOtiK: The petition of % citizens of the county
of Meieer, m the Suite of iihnois, asking an appropriation
for the leim.val of ob-tiuctnms hi the rnpidd of the Mis-
sis-ippi nvcr: retried to the C'oinmiUee on Roads and
Canals.
i\y Mr. S('AIVIMOX: The petition of Ann Smith, of Hol-
ii<3, IMame, widow of John Smith, praying for a pension on
accounto! the service* of her hu>baiid durina the revolu-
tionaiy war: referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions.
tt.v Mr. HAUAJ^SON: The petition of John W. Shep-
herd, heir of Peter Shepherd, deceased, praying Congress to
pass an act authon/ing the heirs of the said Peter Shep-
herd to locate a certain military land warrant on any unlo-
cafed laud belonging to the General Government, or to pay
to j*aid heirs a sum ot money equivalent to the original
right in said warrant: referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
By Mr. STEWART: Resolutions of Pennsylvania Legis-
latuie, in favor of the establishment of a naval depdt at
Erie, Pennsylvania: referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
By Mr. PHELPS: The petition of Foster Demartus, of
Missouri, a soldier in the late war, praj ing to be peimit-
ted to select 160 acrcs of public land.in lieu of his bounty
land which is worthless: referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
By Mr. ATKINSON: The petition of Bernard O'Neal, of
Portsmouth, Virginia,praying for compensation for mjuiies
done to his lands by officers of the Government of the Uni-
ted States: reterred to the Committee of Claims.
By Mr. GILES: The memorial of Ross Wynans, and
others, of the city of Baltimore, dealers in steel, and manu-
facturers of agricultural instruments, praying that steel may
be admitted duty free: referred to die Committee of Wa>s
and Means*
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The petition of Asa Hull, of
Juliet, Illinois : referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions. Also, a petition for a mail route from Dundee, Kane
county, via Bainngton, Lake Zurich, and Gilmer, to Liber-
tjvillc, Lake county, Illinois. Also, for a mail route from
Littlefort, Otsego, Steihng, and Mill creek, to Antioch, Illi-
nois: reterred to the Committee on the Post Ofiice and Post
Roads.
j By Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL: The petition and ac-
i companying papers of Anna Partington, widow of Jonathan
Park, a soldier of the Revolution, asking for a pension: re-
fericd to the Committee on Revolutionary Petitions.
By Mr. IIAIIMANSON : The petition of Marcus F. John-
son, to he allowed to enter a parcel of land asa pre-emption:
referred to the Committee on Public Lands. Also, the peti-
tion of the inhabitants of Louisiana, for a mail-route from
Vamlalm to Little Providence : leferred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Po<t Roads.
By Mr. PRESTON KING: The petition of citizens of
£t. Lawrence county, New York, for a mail-route from
Antwerp to Canton, via Shingle crcek, Fowler, Fulierville,
Edwaids and Russell—three times in each week. Aho,ie-
inonstiance. of citizens of St. Lawrence county, New Yoik,
nq.iin^t the extension of a certain plough patent to Jethro
\\ ood
By Mr. JAMES II. JOHNSON : The petition of Thomas
Sinclair, a soldier of the last war, piaying fbr a pension for
disabilities ntcmred in the same.
B\ Mr. MeCLlCRNANl): The petition of 'Josiah Black-
mail ami utheiN oi' (Jallaiin comity, Illinois, praying relief:
lei'cired to the Committee on the Post Office and Pon Roads.
By Mr. BENTON: The icmonstrance of Chimney John-
son, and others cituens of Herkimer county, NewYoik,
remonstrating against tho lencwal and extension of letteis
patent to Jethro Wood for an lnipnm ment m ploughs.
By Mr. DODGE: A petition fiom the citizens oi Jackson
county, praying an appioptiation for the improvement of
the uppei and tower lapuls in the Mis-nsippi river refeired
lo the Committee on Commerce. Also, a petition for the
same putpo-e, lrom the citi/.ens of Scott county: lelerrcd
to the '.ami' committee. Also, a communication Aoni the
icgister and rec< m:r of the land ofhee at Fairfield, stroricly
urging tiie establishment of a mail route lrom Keokuck to
Fairfield: referred to the Committee on the Post Office anp
Post Roads. Also, a petition from members of ,the Legisla-
ture of Iowa, asking that the surveyor-general of Wiscon-
sin and Iowa may be paid the same compehsation that js
paid other surveyors-general. AUo,a memorial of 150 citi-
zens of DcsMoines county, praying Congress for an appro-
priation lor the improvement of the upper and lower rapids
m the Mirfsissippi river: referred to the Committee on Com-
merce. Also, n petition fVom the citizens of Louisa coun-
ty for the same object: referred to the same committee*
Also, a petition from sundry citiy-ens of Wapello couutv,
praying the establishment of a po^t-route from the Sac and
Fox agency to Oskaioosa: referred to the Committee on the
Post uihce and Post Roads.
By Mr. M. L. MARTIN: The memorial of the Legisla-
tive A-S' iiiMv ot Wisconsin, on the subject of impiming
die Fox and Wisconsin rivers. The memorial on the siib-
jcttol the reserved nmieial lands. The memorial for an
appiopnation to complete the h:ubnratPoto*l. The memo-
iiai relative to a road ironi Ptairic du Clnen to Lapoint The
petition of rulers on tho canal lands for a reduction of the
price, and giantingpro emptions of those lands.
By Mr. IIUBARJ): The petition of Mrs. Elizabeth Fer-
guson, pra> ing fur a pen-ion: referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions.
By Mi. NORRIS: The petition of M. H. Marston and
others, piaying Congte-s to consider the expediency of en-
deavoring to effect such a change in the Constitution and
laws as slial] appiopriate the public lands of the nation in
aid ot the extinction of slavery throughout the Union.
By Mr. HOGE: The petition of fifty-eight citizens of the
counties of Whiteside, Carroll, and Ogle, in the State of Il-
linois, praying the establishment of a mail-route from Fulton
City, in said county of Whiteside, via French Grove, Mil-
ledgcville, Elk Horn Grove, and Buffalo Grove, to Oregon, m
said county of Ogle: referred to the Committee on the Post
Ofiice and Post Roads.
By Mr. \\ ENTWORTH: The petition of citizens of Lake
county, foi a new mail-route from Littleport, Lake countj,
via Otsego, Sterling, and Mill Creek, to Antioch: referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads. Also, the
petition of Valentine Spawn: referred to the Committee on
Invalid PenMon<?
By Mr. YANCEY: The petition of Patrick McKinney and
eighty-two other citizens of Coosa county, Alabama, asking
for the establishment of a mail-route from Wetumpka, via
Vickiburg and Scoopoteg. to Talladega: referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. CATHCART: The petition of William Snavelv,
of Indiana, praying compensation for damage sustained by
die location of an Indian reservation upon airactoflaad pur-
chased by him: referred to the Committee of Claims. Also
the petition of E. C. Abbott, and other citizens of Indiana'
praying for the establishment of a post-route from Bieeiow's
Mills to Tassinong: refcne.1 to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
