672
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15.
By Mr. BOWLIN: The petition of Brjan Mulanphy and
Jacob Hawken, citizens of St. Loui V.Mi^soun. setting forth
our claims to Oregon, and urging the maintaining of them to
the whole territory: referred to the Committee on Tern-
tories. .
By Mr. JAMES B. HUNT: The memorial ol 264 citizens
of Calhoun county, m the State of Michigan, lot the estab-
lishment of a nmil-route from Battle Creek, m said county,
by the Valley of the Grand River*, m the State ot Michigan,
to Mihvaukie, in the Territory of Wisconsin: referred to
the Committee on the Post OHiee and Post Koads.
By Mr. McCONNELL • The petition of numerous citizens
of the county of Albany, State of New York, praying Con-
grps* to grant to the tav-paying, road-working, mustering,
and war-tighang poor the freedom of occupying and culti-
vating <i fi action of land.,, not exceeding 160 acres, refeired
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
By Mr. BOWLIN: The petition of Peter Von Schmidt,
pra.uns? the establishment of a railroad from St. Lotus, in
Missouri, to some navigable point on the Columbia river, in
Oieiron : referred to the Committee on IVintories.
Bv Mi. M.L. MARTIN: Memorial of the Legislative As-
sembly of Wisconsin on the subject of a collection distnct
and port of entiy in «fud Territory. The petition of settlers
on canal lands m Wisconsin, asking a reduction of price
and pie-emption rights ot said land*.
Bv Mr. TIHJRMAN : Tin; petition of the huress of Dr.
Fietbrick Single for commutation pay due tor the revolu-
tionary services of her r-aid ance=tor: jeferred to the Com-
niituee on Revolutionary Claims.
Bv Mr-PRESTON ICING • Fourteen memorials from the
State of New York, lemoiistratinar against the extension of
a certain plough patent to Jethro Wood.
By Mi. SAWYER: The petition of citizens of Sidney,
Ohio, for a mnil-ioure from Sidney to Urbanna, via Pala-
tine: referred to the Committee on the Post Office and l'ost
Roads.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, Jipril 15/1846.
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a
communication from the Department of War,
transmitting fifty copies of the Army Register.
Mr. STURGEON presented the memorial of
the Historical Society of Pennsylvania, praying*
the publication, by Congress, of an additional num-
ber of copics of the works of the exploring expedi-
tion, for the benefit of the literary institutions of
the United States-, which was leferred to the Com-
mittee on the Libraiy.
Mr. DIX presented the memorial of shipmasters
and others engaged in navigation from the port of
New York, praying that the pilot law of 1837 may
not be repealed; which was laid on the table.
Mr. D. also presented the proceedings of a pub-
lic meeting in Bata via. New York, praying- that
measures may be taken to prevent the fulfilment of
the treaties of 1838 and 1842 with the Tonawanda
Indians; which wats referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES. ;
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, asked that said committee be discharged i
from the further consideration of the petition of;'
Piiscilla Green; winch was agreed to. i
Mr. A. also asked that the Committee on Pen- ''
sions be discharged from the further consideration j
of the petition of Martha Moore; which was agreed 11
to. j'
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com- !
mittee on Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
John Keith, of New York. !
Mr. J. also, from the same committee, reported, j'
without amendment, the (Plouse) bills for the re- '
lief of Sampson Brown and John lialdridge. :
Mr. HA Y WOOD, from the Committee on Com- ,'
metce, asked that a letter of the Secretary of the j
Tieasury to that committee, dated March 31, 1841, ■
relative to duties improperly laid and collected ;
upon Portugal wines, with accompanying docu- '
ments, be referred to the Committee on Emance,
with instructions to inquire into the expediency of
providing by law for refunding the said duties, 1
and that the said committee report by bill or other- ■
wise: which was agreed to.
DEFICIENCIES IN APPROPRIATIONS. I
Mr. LEWIS moved to postpone the prior or-
ders, with a view to take up the bill to supply defi- 1
ciencies in the appropriation for certain objects,
made for the service of the fiscal year ending the '
oOth June, j846. !
Mr. L. stated the necessity that existed for
prompt action on the bill.
The amendments were read, as follows:
Stiike out " For the safekeeping of the books 1
c and papers in the oillce ol the Register of the
i Treasury, two thou&and three hundred dollars. ;
" £ or compensation for the superintendent, of1
'the Patent Office, two hundred and fifty dollars." 1
And, at the end of the act, add the following
items, viz:
"For amount required for the support of the
4 penitentiary of the District of Columbia for the
4 fiscal year ending thirtieth June, eighteen hun-
f dred and forty-six, eleven thousand nine hundred
' and forty-nine dollars and sixty-four cents.
" For refunding certain duties collected under the
« act of the thirtieth of August, eighteen hundred
4 and forty-two, entitled 4 An act to provide reve-
* nue from imports, and to change and modify ex-
isting laws imposing duties on imports, and for
1 other purposes,5 contrary to the terms of the con-
4 vehtion of eighteen hundred and fifteen between
* Great Britain and the United States, in fulfilment
' of the agreement lately entered into by the Gov-
' eniment of the United States and Great Britain,
' one hundred thousand dollars.
" For compensation and mileage of Senators and
i members of the House of Representatives and
* Delegates, the same being rendered necessary by
< an increase in the number of Senators and mem-
' hers of the House of Representatives, twenty
' thousand dollars.
" For contingent expenses of foreign intercourse,
' five thousand dollars.
"For payment of arrears of expenses of the
' Legislature of the late Territory of Floiida, be-
4 iug* for balances of compensation and mileage
' to the presiding officers and members of both
' Houses, balances of compensation to the officers
' and chaplains and printers thereof, and other in- i
{ eidental expenses, and for the publication of the 1
' Territorial laws, allowed by law or resolution of
' the House incurring said expense, which arrears
' are unpaid, owing to deficiencies in appropria-
' tions for the years eighteen hundred and forty-
4 two, eighteen hundred and forty-three, eighteen
i hundred and forty-four, and eighteen hundred
' and forty-five, a sum not exceeding sixteen thou-
* sand dollars; said sum of sixteen thousand dol-
' lars to be in full for all said arrears.5'
The question was about to be taken on all the
amendments, when
Mr. EVANS moved that the question on the
appropriation for the Secretary of Florida, be taken
separately.
The other amendments were then agreed to.
The question being on the last amendment.
Mr. EVANS said he did not think the Senate
ought to be asked to appropriate money for arrear-
ages of expenditures incurred by the Territorial
Legislature of Florida. Though the Auditor of
the Treasury, whose business it was to settle the
accounts, had m his report on the subject stated
that there was a deficiency found by deducting the
amount appropriated by Congress from the amount
appropriated by the Territorial Legislature during
the years 1842, '3, '4, and '5, yet this was no evi-
dence that Congress ought to supply the deficiency.
Unless the money which had been appropriated by
Congress had been misapplied, (and that he had
no doubt would turn out 10 be the case,) there were
no arrearages. This matter of appropriating money
for the support of Territorial Governments had
been examined into three or four years ago, and
the result of the inquiry was, that a great deal of
the money appropriated by Congress had been
used by the territorial authorities for purposes not
authorized by law at all. It was found that every
year additional demands were made for appropria-
tions by CoiiL'rc^s; each year those appropriations '|
were increasing: and, what was more extraordinary, i;
every year the deficiencies became greater; the Ter-
ritorial Government taking the money which had
been appropriated by Congress for specific pur-
poses. and applying it to other objects, leaving the
amount so diverted from its legitimate uses to come
in the following year as a deficiency. It was found
necessary to put im end to this state of things; and,
in 1842, alaw was enocred providing that all Terri-
torial accounts should be audited and examined at 1
the Treasury Department, and such sums as were ,j
authorized h\j laic should be paid; if, therefore, there j!
were arrearages, all that the authorities of the State j|
had to do was to go to the Department and prove ' >
that those arrearages weie for objects authorized :'
by law, and they would of course be paid. There i
was another enactment which had been passed in ,
the same year, a reference to which must preclude j
the idea that there could be any arrearages. The >
enactment to which he alluded was a proviso i
which had been added to the appropriation bill, ,
" that no money shall, in anv instance, or under
any pretext whatever, be expended exceeding the
amount appropriated by Congress." The exist-
ence of the two enactments to #hich he had'allu-
ded rendered it a very strong probability—ayrfe
might safely say it was more than a mere proba-
bility—that if any arrearages were now due it-was
because the money which had been appropriated
by Congress had been misapplied, and that Con-
gress could not with any propriety be called upon
to supply the deficiency. He regretted that the
Senators from Florida were not present, for he Be-
lieved that as it-was %t their instance that the im-
propriation was inserted in the bills, they might be
able to tell the Senate where some of this money
had gone.
Mr. LEWIS said he also regretted that neither
of the Senators from Florida were in their seats.
He was not himself prepared to defend the accounts
of the Legislature of Florida. Accounts for bal-
ances of Expenditure had been transmitted to the
committee by the Secretary of the Treasury, and
it appeared "that they were founded upon the cir-
cumstance that the session of the Legislature had
continued fifteen days longer than had been pro-
vided for. He was guite willing that the subject^
should be passed by informally for the presenj.,
It was accordingly passed by.
On motion of Mr. ASHLEY, it wl.s
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns-jt ad-
journ to meet at eleven o'clock to-morrow.
SPECIAL ORDER. ^
On motion of Mr. ALLEN, the Sefiate proceed- "
ed to the consideration of the special order, being
the joint resolution, &c.; when—
Mr. HOUSTON said he was not insensible of
the peculiar position he occupied in rising to ad-
dress a body so distinguished for its intelligence as
this; but he felt himself called upon to assign the
reasons which would govern the vote he was now
called on to give. The Executive had called upon
us to give notice to great Britain of the abrogation
of the convention which has so long,existed, and
we have to determine if the circumstances are such
as to justify us in doing so. In his opinion they
did. It was probable that important events might
hang on this measure; and although he was against
any rash action, he was in favor of calm, deliberate
action. Great Britain has rejected all our offers of
compromise, yet he believed that she was not pre-
pared to go into a war with this country.
He did not think that the President could have
withheld his application to Congress, without de-
parting from that plain and direct course which his
station and his duty pointed out. When this con-
troversy began, it was felt in Texas^ and although
she had not then become an integral part of this
Republic, she took the deepest interest in all thct
concerns it, and every movement here was felt
throughout her whole territory. He justified the
course pursued by Mr. Polk throughout the whole
negotiation.
He asked what evidence England had given of
her desire to negotiate? She had indeed offered
arbitration; but were we to wait her beck to regu-
late our course ? He hoped we should go on in our
course, without pausing to consider what England
proposes to do. He did not think that there was
anything in her conduct which indicated any desire
to negotiate. We had not much to expect from
any friendly feeling in her on this subject. He did
not like the idea of compromise, because it implied
that one party had to concede more than the other
ought to demand. Compromise was synonymous
with temporise: both words he would expunge
from the dictionary. He preferred the term ad-
justment; which embraced merely a settlement of
differences. As to war, it was a state of things to
which every nation which had advanced as rapidly
as we had done to the highest rank, was subjected;
and it was our duty to follow the maxim of the
Father ot' his Country: " In time of pcaee prepare
for war." He well understood the springs .of hu-
man action. It is our duty to stand prepared for
war, m the maintenance of our just rights. He
then cited the policy of Great Britain in India, and
commented on her encroachments in the Punjaub,
and lier sympathy with the Sihks, in Qrder to prove
that there was nothing in her course on which he
could hang an expectation that she would yield a
step, or abandon an interest.
lie eulogized the clear, sagacious intellect of the
, President, and leposed tile fullest reliance on his
patriotism and prudence. And Ire indicated his
