THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, APRIL 18, 1846.
New Series....No. 43.
desire .to-confide in and sustain it. .He hoped for
peace, and ne did not know that there would be
any war. But if there should be, we shall never
be more prepared for it than we are now. We can
never be a state of preparation for. war, because
preparation supposes taxation and increased bur-
dens; and no member of Congress, who desired to
retain his seat, would be willing to vote for such
increase of burdens on the people.
There was no evidence that, if we were to offer
to renew negotiations, the offer would be accepted.
* ivc tunes have propositions been made, and as
often rejected; and there was little ground for ex-
pectation that another offer would be received with
a better spirit. And, in case of another offer, aud
another rejection, would it not be sufficient cause
for war, unless we would subject ourselves to the
taunt of being kicked and insulted by Great Brit-
am? If she desire to negotiate,. let the offer come
from her. He would never be willing that we
should make any new advance. If such be her
desire, the passage of the notice will interpose no
obstacle. He would not say a word against Eng-
land, as regards her individual character, which
imbodied the elements of bravery, generosity, no-
bility, and magnanimity. It was only in her in-
ternational character that he looked at her with
jealousy and suspicion. When she fights, it is for
a golden prize, as in India. Whenever she desires
war, she never wants a pretext; and had it been
her desire to make war with the United States, she
would have found a pretext, without reference to
the Oregon question. He did not, therefore, look
on the notice as an act likely to lead to a war.
Touching on the annexation of Texas, ho asked
if the tardy acceptance of her, after she had been
appealing for seven years, betrayed any spirit of
usurpation in the Government of the United Status?
He thought, on the contrary, that the United States
had evinced an unnecessary modesty and delicacy
on the subject. But the annexation had been
achieved; not by the triumph of arms, butbv the
subjugation of the hearts and affections of the
Texan people.
Adverting again to the suggestion of compro-
mise, he thought that a disposition to make any
would only have the effect of making Great Brit-
ain more aggressive in her tone, and more unrea-
sonable in her demands. He regretted that we
had not, on this question, presented a united front;
the effect of which, he assumed, would have been
to make England more, moderate in her course.
But he rejoiced to hear Senators declare that, in
case of war, .they would be found on the side of
their country. He sincerely trusted that we should
all be found there.
Here Mr. H. read an extract from the London
Times, on the debate which had taken place in the
two Houses of Congress, and the apathy of the
public opinion on the subject of the President's
warlike disposition. He then proceeded, that
Great Britain would have to wait long if she ex-
pected any popular meetings here for the purpose
of censuring the President's course. He did not
agree with Senators who had expressed an opin-
ion that public sentiment would settle down on a
compromise on the parallel of 49°. The territory
of Oregon, hp believed, would become a portion
of the United States, from the increase of emi-
grants proceeding thither; and that, without refer-
ence to the question of title, although, if we have
not a sufficient title now, it will certainly «iot be
stronger then.
He then denied (continuing his comment on the
Times) that the annexation of Texas by the Uni-
ted States was any aggression on Mexico; and
contended that while we were descendants from
the Anglo-Saxon stock, we ought to be permitted
credit for the Anglo-Saxon love of territorial and
pecuniary acquisition. The British press not only
vented its wrath on the President, but on the mul-
titude. Not much respect seemed to be paid to
the multitude in England, but here the multitude
was omnipotent, and generally carried matters
their own way. As far as the profession of any
desire of peace with the United States appeared,
he hoped its sincerity would be evinced by an offer
43
to renew negotiations with us on an equitable
footing;.
He would, at some inconvenience, yield a claim,
the right to which was in England*, but to yield
a claim, in which the right was in us, would only
be to provoke new mortifications. Should a treaty
be presented, he would not commit himself as to
his vote on any specific parallel of latitude; but if
the proposition suggested bv Mr. Gallatin, em-
bracing the ri<fht of navigation to the Columbia
river, were now to be made in the shape of a trea-
ty, he would not vote for it: he would rather leave
a vacant seat in the Senate.
In giving his vote, he would give it for the naked
notice, in preference to it as connected with any
modification. Ho would vote lo give it respect-
fully, and leave the1 President free to give it in such
mode as he may, in view of his responsibility to
the country, think best. Whenever he may submit
a treaty for ratification, it would be for the Senate
to give their opinion as to its propriety or other-
wise. His duty prompts, and Ins position enables
him to exercise, a constant vigilance over our for-
eign relations, and ha ought to be left untrammel-
led to perform the functions which have been con-
stitutionally committed to him.
The settlers in Oregon appeared to him to have
a strong olaim on tlm protection of our Govern-
ment, and personal protection could not be given
without political jurisdiction.
Mr. IT. then went into a history of the proceed-
ings which had taken place in the United States
with relWence to the annexation of Texas, dedu-
cing, from the details into which he entered, that
while all the applications for admission were dis-
regarded, so iongrts she was poor and importunate;
she was invited and courted into the Union as
soon as her .situation had been reversed. When
she could bring n kingdom for her dowry, aud a
nation forhorjevvt-N, she was received on an equal-
ity as a sister State.
He wished that the President could have been
left to pursue his own course as to this notice,
without any indication of the opinion of the Sen-
ate as to the manner.. He had courteously asked
theadvice-of the Congress, and he thought it should
be given without being so worded as to cause him
embarrassments.
War hud been stated by Mr. Macon m neces-
sary once in every thirty years. Without exactly
adopting that idea, ho could not help believing that
the evils of war had been somewhat exaggerated.
It had some advantages, among which he enumer-
ated the draining off the restless and dissatisfied
portion of the population, who might bo killed off
with benefit to the remainder-, and also the effect it
had in disciplining the habits of men into subordi-
nation to the rules of order.
He paid a pawing tribute to General Jackson,
who, whether his policy was, abstractly, right
or wrong, had contributed to build up the glory
of his country. Tell the hero who had fought
your battles victoriously that he should be dis-
qualified for civil oJfice", and how many would
you iind hereafter willing to expose their lives in
battle. lie would never encourage the dread of
military chieftains. They were men like others,
subject to common infirmities; but public senti-
ment would apply a sure corrective.
He would give his vote for the notice, in the
hope and belief that it would lead to measures pro-
ductive of the peace and honor of the country.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said he desired to present
a few remarks on the subject. He was not pre-
pared to go on now. But if the Senate would ad-
journ, he would promise not to occupy so much
time to-morrow, as to interfere with taking the final
vote.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of Executive business; and after some time spent
therein, the doors were re-opened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, Jpnl 15, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by consent, laid hefbtfi the
the House following Executive communications;
A message from the President of the United
States, heretofore received, was read, and is as fol-
lows:
To the Senate and House of IttpresenicUives:
In compliance with the act of the 3d of March,
I645j I communicate to Congress herewith a report-
of the Secretaries of War and the Navy, on the
subjects of a fire-proof building for the War and
Navy Departments, together with documents ex-
plaining the plans to which it refers, and contain-
ing an estimate of the cost of erecting the build-
ings proposed.
Congress having made no appropriation for the
employment of an architect to prepare and submit
the necessary plans, none was appointed. Several
skilful architects were invited to submit plans and
estimates, and from those that were submitted, a
selection has been made of such as would furnish
the requisite building for the accommodation of
the War and Navy Departments, at the least ex-
pense. All the plans and estimates which have
been received are herewith communicated for the
information of Congress.
.TAMES K. POLK.
Wam?I\«TONt,  fyW/ 14, 1846.
Ordered, That the said message be committed.
Also, a letter from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting 228 copier, of the Army Register, in com-
pliance with tne resolution oi the House of the
17th of February. 1830, the 30th of August, 1842,
and the ltith of February, 18411; which was laid
upon the table.
The bill from the Senate, entitled "An act to
authorize the justices of the county court of Bates,
in the Stale oi' Missouri, to enter a certain quarter
section of land for a county seat," was read twice,
and committed.
The SPEAKER announced the regular business
to be the call of the committees for reports,.com-
mencing where the call liad last been suspended—
with the Committee on Commerce. ?
Mr. W. HUNT asked leave to introduce a res-.
olution, (relating to a post route,) which was read
for information.
Objection being made, the resolution waa not re-
ceived.
JURISDICTION OP THE OREGON TERRITORY.
Mr. FOSTER moved a reconsideration of the
vote by which the House had yesterday deter-
mined that all debate in Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union on the bill to protect the
rights of American settlers in the territory of Ore-
gon. until the termination of the joint occupation
of the same, should terminate on Thursday, at t\yo
o'clock.
Mr. THOMAS SMITH asked the yeas and
nays; which were ordered, and, being taken, re-
sulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Arnold, Ashrnun, Bar ringer,
Rayly, Bedingor, Bell, James A. Black, Jilancbard, Milton
Brown, Burt, William W. Campbell, Carroll, Augustus A.
Chapman;, Cocke, Collamer, Cranston, Crozier, Culver,
Dixon, Foster, Gentry, Grider, Griunell, Hampton, Harper,
Elias B. Holmes, Samuel D« Hubbard, Hudson, Washington
Hunt, James B. Hunt. Hunter, Joseph R. Ingersofl,Thomas
H. King, I>ong, McClelland, James McDowell, Me-
Gau-rhey. MeHenry, Mcflvaiue, Man>li, Barklev Martin,
Morse. Mosele v\ Paj ne, Pendleton, Pollock, Julius Rock-
well, John A. Rockwell, Root, Rank, Schenck, Seaman,
Severance, Simpson, Truman £mith, Albert Smith, Caleb
B. Smith, Stewart, rftroinn, Thihodeauv, Jacob Thompson,
Trumho, Vinton, White. Wmthrop, Wood, Woodruff,
Woodward, Yancey, and Young—74.
NAYH—Messrs. Anderson, Benton, Biggs, Boyd, Brod-
head, William G. Brown, Catheart, Chase, Clarke, Cobb,
Cullom, Cunningham, Daniel,Dillingham, Dobbin, Douglass,
Dunlap, Ed sail, Erdman, Far an, Fieklin, Giles, Gordon,
Grover, Hamlin, Harakon, Henley. Hoge, Hough, George
S. Houston, Edmund W. Kubard, Charles J. tngersoil,
Joseph Johnson, Seaborn Jones. Lawrence, La Sere, Lump-
kin, Maelay, McCormoii, Joseph J. McDowell, McKay,
Morris, Norris, Owen, Parnsh, Phelps, Pollock, Price, Reid,
Hitter, Roberts, Sawtelic, Sawjer, Seammon, Leonard 0.
So the vote was reconsidered.
