674
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
And the question recurring on the adoption of
the resolution,
Mr. PRICE moved that the House resolve it-
self into Committee of the Vv hole on the state of
the Union. . , , , .
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON inquired whether the
resolution was 11'it before the llouse foi action.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is before the
^Mr. G.S. HOUSTON. I would rather the vote
should be taken now.
The SPEAKER. The motion is a privileged
motion.
Mr. FOSTER moved to amend the resolution
by striking out<{ Thursday, at two o'clock," and
inserting tk Friday.,}
Mr. HENLEY. 1 move to insert two o'clock,
to-day.
Mr, G. S. HOUSTON. I will go for that.
The SPEAKER. The question will be first on
the longest time.
Mr. ASHMUN. I move two o'clock on Mon-
day.
And the question on Monday (being the longest
time) was taken, and the affirmative vote stood,
ayes 73.
"Mr. COYD. Is the question to postpone the
termination of the debate until Monday '
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. BOYD, is u in order for me to modify the
resolution ?
The SPEAKER. Not after the House has act-
ed upon it.
Mr. BOYD. Has the Rouse acted upon n?
The SPEAKER, it has.
Mr. KENNEDY now asked the yeas and nays
on the motion to insert Monday, which were or-
dered; and, being taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John Q.. Adams, Arnold, Ash-
miiii, Bamnger, Bayly, Bedmper, Bell, Blanelmrd, Milton
Brown, Burt, "\Vdiiam W. Campbell, Cairoil, Auni^tu> A.
Chapman, Reuben Chapman, Cocke, Collamer, Cranston,
Crozier, Culvei, Garrett Davis, Jeiioiwon Davh, Dixon,
Edsall, John it. Ewm?, Foot,' fivntry, Graham, Gmlor,
(irmuell, Hampton, Harper, Hilhard, Elias B. Holmes,
Samuel D. Hubbard, Hud.son, W. Hunt, Joseph R. Inger-
soll, Thomas R. King, Lewis, Long, McClelland, Janice Mc-
Dowell, MeGaughey, McHenry, Mcllvame, Marsh, Miller,
Moseley, Payne, Pendleton, Pollock, Julius Rockwell, John
A. Rockwell, Root, llunk, fchcnck, Seaman, dedilou, ►Sev-
erance, Truman £irur! , Albert Smith, Caleb 11. Smith,
Rtewait, Sirohm, ThihodeaiK, Jacob Thompson,
Tilden. Titiinbo, Vinton, White, Wilmot, Wmthrop, Wood-
ruff. Yancey, mid You nil—77.
NAYS—Messrs Andcixm, Denton, Ricj?q% Jame^ A.
Black, Bowhn, Bovd, Biodhead, William Q. Hron-n, Oath- !>
eait. Chose, (Jmpman, Claikc, Cobb, Oiillom, Cunmn<>luu , |,
Daniel, De Molt, DiMmsham, Dobbin, Doticla^, Dunlap, 1
Erdman, F.iran, Fiekhn, Foster, Coidosi, Ctovrr, \\
Hauilin, HaraNon, Henley, JInge, Hopkiin. Hotijili, Geoi^e }i
S Ilou-tfon, R W Iluhaid, Jame« B. Hunt, Chailew J. In- jl
persoll, Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson, Seaborn Jones, j|
Kennedy, La Sere, Lumpkin, ?tJaclay. MeClean, McCIfr- j1
nund, McCoimell, Joseph J. McDowell, McKa^, liai Kiev j|
Mai tin,Morris, Morse, Norns, Owvn, Parti>h, Phelps, Pj;cp, j,
Real, Ritter, Roberts, Sawiello, Sawyer, Seammon, Leonard j,
H. Huns, Simpson, Thomas Smith. Robert Smith, Hfanton. i
Starkweather, St John, Strung, James Thompson, TJmr- "
man, Tihbattf, Trod way, Wennvorth, Wheaton, Wick.
Williams, Woodward, and Yell—H2. ' i
So the amendment was rejected. j;
The question then recurred on the motion of j
Mr. Foster to insert" Friday," instead of Thurs- |
day.
T*rhe question was taken, and the vote stood— j
ayes 75, noes 60. '
So the amendment was agreed to.
And the resolution, as thus amended, was adopt- \
pd. 1
So it was decided that all debate on the bill should '
terminate on Friday* at two o'clock, instead of1
Thursday.
Mr. THOMAS SMITH. Weil, we'll hear from '
England by Friday.
Mr. HAMLIN moved a reconsideration of the
vote just taken.
Mr. BOYD asked the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER decided the motion of the gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Hamlin] to he out of
order.
THE REVENUE BILL.
Mr. WHITE moved that ten thousand extra
copies of the report in relation to the bill to reduce
the duties on imports, and for other purposes, be
printed.
The motion lies over one day by the rule. ;
Mr. PRESTON KING moved that the House ..
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the •
state of the Union. '■
Mr. ADAMS was understood to say that the
custom of calling; on certain days for petitions
having been dispensed with, he had two or three
memorials which he desired to present..
The SPEAKER said there was' a motion pend-
ing to go into committee.
^A.nd the question was taken, and decided in the
affirmative.
JURISDICTION OF THE OREGON TERRITORY.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on.the state of the Union, (Mr. Ham-
mu, of Maine, in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the bill to protect the rights of Ameri-
can settlers in the territory of Oregon until the ter-
mination of the joint occupation of the same.
Mr. MILTON BROWN said the tile of the bill
under discussion was " A bill to protect the rights
of American settlers in the territory of Oregon,
until the termination of the joint occupation of the
same." This was an imposing title. It expressed
an object for which, if carried out in good faith by
the bill, he would ypte. He would vote for any
and every measure necessary to protect our citi-
zens. But, then, the bill contained other and far
different matters than those indicated in the title.
It contained objects and purposes far more deeply
important than any heretofore discussed on this
much agitated Oregon question. This bill pro-
posed legislative action, immediate, direct, and ab-
solute, over the whole of the Oregon territory. It
looked to exclusive sovereignty over the whole, at
the end of the contemplated year's notice, permit,
ting and recognising the exercise of no right on
the part of Great Britain after that time. In fact,
the reservations in favor of the rights of British
subjects duiing the year were of doubtful charac-
ter, and m their consequences probably tending to
immediate conflict. To prove this, Mr. B. went
into an examination of the various provisions of
the hill, and what he deemed the necessary legal
consequences resulting from them.
But this untimely and extraordinary legislation,
it had been said, had been justified by similar legis-
lation on the part of Great Britain. This was a
mistake. -No legislation, that he was aware of,
had taken place on the part of Great Britain since
the convention of 1827. That convention settled
whatever previous conflict (if any) that exists,
and had been in good faith carried out, and Great
Britain, hs far as lie knew, had in all things ob-
served its provisions. Besides, if Great Britain
had been guilty of wrong, (of which there was in
this matter not the slightest proof,) the proper way
was to demand redress, and not, in advance of this
demand, set off wrong against wrong, and thereby
open a hostile conflict.
What, then, did this bill propose to do ? It pro-
posed, at the end of the year's notice, to take ab-
solute, unqualified, and exclusive possession of the
whole of Orrgon. It recognised no rights of any
kind in Great Britain after that time. Its effects
necessarily would be, if executed, to require every
British flag that floats there to be pulled down,
and every British subject, without qualification or
exception, to leave the country or submit to our
laws. Did gentlemen believe "this could be done
without a conflict ? After repeated oilers, on the
part of our Government, to compromise on the
49th parallel, followed up recently by our present
Executive, did gentlemen suppose that Great Biit-
ain would submit to be expelled from the country !
without resistance? j
We seem (said Mr. B.) to be driving on from :
one false step to .mother, without any distinct idea
where these steps are to lead us. This is now the
fifth month of the session, and this Oregon ques-
tion, in various forms, hns been the continued sub-
ject of cxeitemrm did discussion, not only here,
"but throughout the country, and ail was now as
dark before us as at the commencement of the ses-
sion. The debates have only served to make dark-
ness more visible. At first, we thought we under-
stood the President, now we are sure we do not.
All about him is mystery. A large portion of this
long debate has been between his own leading and
prominent friends in tins and the other wmg of the
Capitol, on the question of what he does mean.
One wing of his party says he is now for " alt Or-
e$onS' or war; another wmg says he is for nego-
tiation and compromise. And in this state of
things we are continually exhorted to be unani-
mous'. And when we ask, unanimous in what?
wf1 are answered, in support of the President.
And yet we do not know what he is for. God
save the country from this state of things,'
But I return to the consequences of the passage
of this bill in the present excitement on this Ore-
gon question. And here I wish to present an ar-
gument to those who had not gone to the extreme
of being for "all Oregon'' or war. It lias been said
that the extreme action of seizing the whole terri-
tory, as contemplated'by this bill, might be avert-
ed by a treaty. But are gentlemen willing to risk
this m the present excited state of the public? Ig
this not putting the peace of the country upon
a most dangerous issue?1 But in connexion with
this, a still more important consideration presents
itself. It takes two-thirds of the Senate to ratify a
treaty. If, therefore, the 54° 40' men in the Sen-
ate can muster even a minority sufficient to defeat
the treaty, then the law goes into effect by its own
force. Does not this present a powerful motive to
the extreme 54° 40' men? 1} is not at all to be
wondered at that they are so much delighted at the
prospect of the passage of this bill.
I think the time has arrived when Congress
should either cease action on this question, or else
speak out, and tell the country what we intend do-
ing. If we intend to have "all Oregon" or fight,
let us say so, and then the country will understand
us. Let our bravery be in action, and not in
speeches. Let the country—the peaceful, cjuiet
citizens of the country—know what we are'doing.
But no; this is not to be done. ' The country is
to be led on step by step; and what folly produces
is to be set down to necessity. The war spirit is
to be kindled, but mixed up with great professions
of love for peace. No one on this floor professes
to love war. All profess an extreme attachment
for peace; and the steps which have led us almost
into the flames of an. unnecessary war, have been
proclaimed as treading in the surest paths of peace.
He well recollected the progress of this proposition
of a love of peace, as proclaimed at various stages
of the "notice." At first, "notice" was consider-
ed a-bold measure, and was so proclaimed to the
country. When the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Adams] declared himself for notice, the
House and galleries resounded with «dn?itfation of
the boldness of the "deed. It was then warlike to
be for the notice. But the country began to speak
out in favor of honorable peace, and against unne-
cessary war; and forthwith "notice" became&peace
measure; and those who were for it claim, to be
most the friends of peace. And the "masterly in-
activity men" were very nigh being considered as
on the war side of the question.
And now I desire to say something of the causes
which have produced this unhappy state of things.
In an evil hour, for the welfare of the country, this
question was seized upon for the purpose of Pres-
ident-making. It was laid hold of as one of the
elements of agitation in a political campaign, to
override other questions. An exclusive claim to
" all Oregon" was set up, and any one who dared
to doubt the propriety of this, was to be denounced
as on the British side of the question. The Balti-
more convention emblazoned the claim.upon its
flag, and it was shouted over'the Union-as one of
the watchwords of party. Next came theTinau-
gural Address of the newly-elected President™aod
in it the reiteration of this claim of exclusive right
to the whole of the territory. This announcement
in the Inaugural, putting on a higher dignity and
assuming a greater importance than could attach
to the declarations of a mere party convention,
attracted special notice in Great Biitain, and called
forth a response not at all favorable to the contin-
I nance of peace between the two countries. This
| naturally aroused a corresponding increase of cx-
I citement on this fide of the waters; and the ques-
1 tion Was at once in danger of being transferred
. from one about acres of land, into a point of nation'
\ al honors in which both Governments began, in
; some degree, to look upon their standing before
> the world as involved. And here arose, and here
I still exists, the whole difficulty of the case.
i In this posture things stood, up to the appearance
' of the late Annual Message. By that we are put
| in possession of new and important, if not strange
: 1 movements, 011 the part of this Government. The
1! high pretensions of exclusive claim setup by the
i1 Baltimore convention, and proclaimed in a still
• j more solemn form by the Inaugural, was either
ji forgotten or disregarded, and we were toid by the
II President that he had offered to divide the disputed
5: countrv with Great Britain on the 49th degree.
