1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
675
 nd that this offer had been made from deference
to " precedent" set by his predecessors. But,
perhaps, to avoid'the wrath and denunciations of
his western and northern friends, the President
goes on to inform us that, as his offer had not been
•accepted,'he had withdrawn it, and had again set
up his claim to all the territory. " Our title to the
whole of Oregon" is again proclaimed, and the
President says -4' maintained by irrefragable facts
and arguments*" The reason given by the Pres-
ident for offering the 49th degree as a compromise
•deserves special notice. He says (lie offer was made
in deference to "precedent" of a similar kind set
by his " predecessors." This seems well enough
in these times of progression. It was cheer-
ing to seeanything that showed a proper respect
•for precedents. Hut why were not these " prece-
dents" thought of when the Inaugural was deliv-
ered ? "Were they known to the President? lfso,
•they then deserved as much respect as when lie
■afterwards offered to surrender nearly half, and,
perhaps, the most valuable half, of the disputed
territory. If they were not known to him, he
spoke in his Inaugural without a proper knowledge
of the subject.
Bat another view of this point deserves still more
-special notice. If the President, as he informs us,
in making this offer to Great Britain, was governed
by « precedent" set by the distinguished men who
preceded him in the Executive chair, did he weaken
the force of these "precedents" by adding another
•to the number? Did he, by following these prece-
dents, destroy their force ? What would be thought
•of a judge who would make a decision in deference
to former precedents, and then declare, that lie,
having followed these precedents, and added his
■own to the number, was entirely released, not only
' from the force of the precedents he had solemnly
followed, but from his own decision also? And yet
such a judge would act precisely as our President
lias acted in this case. Having followed the prece-
dents of his predecessors, he claims to be entirely
released from their force, and from that of his own
also. Surely if these precedents ever had force to
estop us from setting up, nt the. hazard of war, a
claim of exclusive right, which we had repeatedly
offered to surrender, tliey have lust none of thw
mortal obligation by recent events. Tliey have, on
the contrary, greatly increased their force by the
solemn sanction of this Administration. Cnii the
President., in the face of these facts, call for contri-
butions of blood and treasure from the people to
sustain a claim which he 1ms himself offered to give
away ?
But it is said, this offer was made for the sake of
peace. Very well. But is not peace as dear now as
when he made the offer? In my poor judgment,
when he made the offer ho should have stood upon
it, and the whole country would have rallied to him
with one heart and one feeling. If he had called for
notice, it would have been passed by an almost
unanimous vo^e. It was the extreme pretensions
set up in the Message in the face of the President's
own acts, that,, in my judgment, rendered the giv-
ing notice in an unqualified form improper. But 1
will here take occasion to sny, that if the bill au-
thorizing notice, returned from the Semite amended,
as I have been informed it will be, in that form, 1
will vote for it, and my impression is, that my
Whig colleagues will also vote for it.
His colleague [Mr. Stanton| bad said, that if
490 should be offered by Great Britain as a com-
promise, it ought to be accepted. If so, why not
place ourselves 011 that ground, and .stiuid on thiu
line of division as an ultimatum? Why break <>li"
negotiation, and in a passion claim all? Why
place ourselves in a false position before flic world,
by first offering to surrender half, ami then pro-
voking an unnecessary war, founded on a cluini of
exclusive title to all?
But (continued Mr. B.) I have another colleague,
[Mr. Johnson,] who declares that 110 compro-
mise is to be made; that we must, notwithstand-
ing all that has passed, still have the whole of
the territory; and to prove that, ho read the reso-
lution of the Baltimore convention, which is as
i0^°m'olwd, That our title to the whole of the
' territory of Oregon is clear and unquestionable,
-• and that no portion of the same ought to be ce-
' ded to England or any other Power, and that the
' reoccupation'of Oregon and the reannexation of
■ ' Texas at the earliest practicable period, are gieat
- ' American measures, which this comeuuon re-
' commend to the ardent support of the Democracy i!
' of the Onion." :
■And his colleague also refers to the endorse- jj
ment of this exclusive claim by the President in !|
his Inaugural, in which he declares our title is jj
" clear and unquestionable." Aly colleague, by
reading the Baltimore resolution, and referring to j!
the Inaugural, (unintentionally, perhaps,) inflicts ll
cruel censure 011 lim own President. For, if it be !!
true 41 that our title to the whale of the territory of :j
* Oregon is char and unquestionable, and that no per-
' tion of lite same might to be ceded to Knglund or any '!
'other Powerhas not the President been guilty J
of wanton violation of (lutyitinffermirti) surrender "
nearly half of the territory—enouirh, ii! the estim.i-
'ion of his colleague, to' make six such .States as '1
Tennessee? ;
Mis colleague [Mr. .Toavsox] said the Wilis'
members from Tennessee, as far as they have made
any expose, were willing to compromise with
Great Britain on the line offered bv the IVtsident.
This misrht be true. They ceriamlv did not agree
with either the Baltimore convention or the Inau-
gural. Tliey thought the declaration of both un-
timely and improper. We btlieved they were cal-
culated to render the amicable adjustment of the
question more difficult and doubtful*. We therefore
believe them untimely and wrong-, and still be-
lievo them so. But when the President abandoned
the extravagant pvetensions of the BtiUimnre con-
vention and his own Inaugural, and offered, for ihe
sake of peace, the 49th decree as a compromise,
we said he did right, and we still say so. Hut,
unfoiInnately for his own consistency, nn'l he fear-
ed, for the peace of the countiy.—dreading, per-
haps, the lire from the gnris of his own friemls— !!
the President hud abandoned his new position, with- ,'!
drawn the proposition of compromise, broken off jj
negotiation (tbraj)thj, and again ! 11 u 11:: himself up on
Ihe Baltimore resolutions arid the declaration of his
luauirural! i
But hear (continued .Mr. K.) what mv colleague
[Mr. Johnson] says of the relative positions (if the
Whigs and Democrats of Tennessee. He says: i;
" But how did (lie President stand ? Wliv, he !;
' was sustained in Ins strong position—the line of i;
' f >l devices <10 mimics.—by the Democracy; while, |j
' on the weak points, the Whiixs came in and sup- jj
'ported him. Was there ever an Administration |'
' better sustained than this? The Executive, in !;
•j ' offering the compromise of the line of 40 degrees,
j 1 ' was supported by the Whigs of Tennessee, so far
j! 'as tliey had irratle an expose of their opinions."
j Mere (concluded Mr.B.) the President isrepre-
, Rented as having figured in various pleasing atti-
ji tudes—sometimes delighting the Democracy, mid
sometimes the Wlti^s. He has his "strong posi-
i, Hon," which is his claim of "all," and his '-weak
h point," which is his offer to divide. The former, the
jj Democracy sustain; the latter, the \Vj|i'.rs cur-lain.
j| Now, m cording to my colleague's own showing,
'1 the Whigs have thc itdvnntnge, Tliev sustain what
; the President Inn done; the Democracy sustain vhtil
|j he has said. The. Democracy furnish support to his
;j wine's while (lying; the Whigs sustain the ground
1! on which he lights down. He litis taken to his
j wings again, it is true, in dread of a lire from his
!j own friends; but it is supposed of late that he is
j| becoming: grcaily fatigued, and will soon agatn light
jj down at the point from which he took his last start,
j! Mr. GlLIvS addressed the committee. 1 do not
lj rise, Mr. Chairman, (said lie,) to speak against
!j time, or to occupy the whole hour allotted to mo
jj under the standing rule of the Flouse. I shall very j
ii briefly give the views which I have taken upon the
matter which now awaits the action ol this eom-
i, mittee.
! I am in favor. Mr. Chairman, of the bill, if it
can be made to conform to its title. I am 111 favor
;• of carrying out fully, and to the letter, the reeom-
, mendatifflis of the, President of the United .Slates.
;! So far its the bill, which is now the subject-matter
: of discussion, shall conform to those recommenda-!
j tions, it will receive my vote and my support,
j Belbie piocneding to discuss the items of Ihe i
bill, I hope. I may be pardoned for the suggestion, '
that it does seem to me to be in bad taste for any
gentlem.ui upon this lb .or, in the discussion of a
question a/lcc.ting our national policy, to be cavil-
ling, as has been done, with the action of the Ex-
ecutive of the country. If we are to come out of
this contest peacefully and honorably, we must
present, on all questto'ns of national policy, an un-
broken front. In view of this, then, it "does ap-
pear to me, Mr. Chairman, that these cavillings at
the action of the President are in bad taste, to say
the least of them. Why, sir, our party politics
should he left to slumber at home; and it did strike
me, when listening to the lemarks of the eloquent
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. M. Erown,] that
he was, in his own person liere to day, giving a
forcible illustration of that course which he so
loudly condemned in the Baltimore convention.
Mr. Chairman, the President in his Annual Mes-
sage, after detailing the negotiations in reference to
our tenitory on the northwest coast of America,
after telling what had been dene by that negotia-
tion and its unsuccessful issue, recommends to (he
Congress of the country four different, independ-
ent, and distinct measures—the first and most im-
portant of these measiiKsS is the notice. He re-
commends that notice be given to terminate this
state of non-occupancy, or of " joint occupancy,"
as it has been miscalled. Now, this first measure
which he rccommendc d—this fist one of the series
 afier the most full and able discussion that any
subject has undergone in the Congress of the Unt-
ted "States since the great debate upon the Missouri
admission, was passed by an overwhelming vote;
and I hone and trust that before to-morrow's sun
sets, in the other wing of this Capitol, in the Sen-
ate of the [Toiled States, that notice may be given,
and sustained with ecnial unanimity. Although
that body has marched slowly, 1 hope they will
march siitely to the same result, the support of the
President in the first of the series of measures
which ho has recommended.
Now, the next measure that he recommends is,
that we shall erect forts and stockades along the
route to Oregon for the protection of our emigrants
on their pasture through the. Indian country. That
measure has already been provided for in ore of
the sections of a bill, which passed a few days
since, providing-for laising a ng.mcnt of riflemen.
The Other measure—the inising a regiment of
mounted riflemen to protect our emigrants—has
already been acted on.
What remains' Why, the last measure, and the
measure which this bill'is intended to provide for.
•So far as it. keeps within the limitation of that re-
commendation, I am for it; where it transcends
that recommendation, I am against it. What is
that recommendation, sir?
" It will become proper for Congress to deter-
' mine what legislation they can in the, mean time
' adopt, without violating this convention. Beyond
'all question, the protection of our laws and our
' jurisdiction, civil and criminal, ought to be im-
1 mediately extended over our citizens in Oregon.
' They have had just cause to complain of our
' neglect, in this particular, and have in eonse-
• quencc been compelled, for their own security
' and protection, to establish 11 provisional govern-
' ment for themselves. Strong in their allegiance
'and ardent in their altuchmcnt to the united
'States, they have been thus cast upon their own
' resources. They are anxious that, our laws
' should be extended over them; and I recommend
i ' that this be done by Congress with as little delay
j ' ns possible, in the full extent to which the Brit-
! ' ish Parliament have proceeded m regard to Brit-
i 'ish subjects in that territory, by their act of July
■ '2. 1831, ' for regulating the fur trade, and estab-
i 'hshing a criminal and civil juiisdictton within
' certain parts of North America.' "
The last measure, and the only one which we
' linve not carried out as recommended in the Mes-
i sage, is that which should extend the laws of the
j tJnifed States over our citizens in Oregon.
; Now, sir, this bill was denounced by a gcntle-
1 man, [Mr. Holmes,] who spoke from the place I
! now occupy, as in every feature of it infringing
! our present treaty stipulations. Now, I aslc, it the
' first section of th'is bill, as I hope it will be modi-
' fied by some of the amendments which have been
i submitted, or by one which, if they do not pre-
I vail, I shall submit by striking out the latter part
of it. from the 15t.li or 16th line,—is there any-
thing in the first section of this bill that violates,
in the slightest manner, eVcn toy implication, either
the convention of 1818 or of 1827 ?
• Tlie fourth section of the bill I am opposed to,
and I shall, for reasons which I shall hereafter
mention, move to strike it out.
The sixth and seventh sections have become
! unnecessary, because we have already legislated
j on the subject, and these would be stricken out by
: the friends of the bill.
