1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
677
treaty stipulations may limit our - territorial claim
to that fine. It is therefore 'delusiv.e to the emi-
grant himself, and, it would appear, an exercise of
the right of eminent domain, when by treaty^we
are not m a condition to exercise that right at the
present time. I therefore am for striking out this
section, and leaving the subject to come up for
luture action when this question is settled by trea-
ty, and.we become the exclusive possessors of the
soil, or ejse when the notice being given, we shall
V a where our honor and our duty
shall require us to assert our title to the whole of
the territory.
„^fr" Chairman, a word or two upon the course
ot the Executive in this matter, and I have done;
tor I will redeem my promise of giving my views
very briefly on this bill. The gentleman who last
occupied the attention of the committee, [Mr. M.
brown,] takes exception to the conduct of the
President, inasmuch as he offered to divide this
territory by the 49th parallel, and afterwards falls
back on a claim to the whole territory. Why, it
does appear to me, Mr. Chairman, that there was
no other course left for the President, than the very
one he has pursued. Believing, as bis Message
assures us he does, that our title to that whole ter-
ritory's better than that of Great Britain, when in
the spirit of peace and in deference to the precedents
set him bv his predecessors, he had made what I
think the diplomatists of the world will pronounce
a most liberal offer to divide this territory, and that
°"er ha? been promptly rejected, and no other
proposition was intimated from across the water,
or from the other Government,—I ask gentlemen,
in all candor, what other course was left for the
President than to fall back upon his claim to the
whole territory, and by the able expose of his Sec-
retary , to place the grounds on which lie proceeded,
before the civilized world? He did so; and no
other course could have been pursued with honor,
either to himself or to the high station in which he
acted. Why, was lie to say to Great Britain, " I
have offered you 490, and ' I will keep that offer
o]oen; though you have rejected it once, you may
reject it again ?" Was there any dignity in such
a course? Iasl< the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. M. Brown,] would he have the President of
the United States now repeat this offer to Great
Britain; and to say to Great Britain again, we will
divide this territory by the 49th parallel of latitude?
Is there an American statesman, belonging to
whichever party he may, who would thus have
his Government humiliated before the civilized
world ?
He repeated, that, having done what the spirit
of peace and respect for the examples of his pre-
decessors required him to; that, having offered to
divide this territory by a parallel which would
make the same boundary which now divides us
from the Lake of the Woods to the Rocky Moun-
tains our boundary to the Pacific Ocean,'and that
.offer having been rejected, ho did what every hon-
est man would do in regard to laud. Your offer of
compromise having failed, you fall back then upon
the whole, and you place your basis of claim be-
fore the world.
Now, in conclusion, Mr. Chairman, whichever '
way be the result of this embarrassed question of j
our foreign policy, I, for one, upon a careful review
of all the correspondence, and much deliberation j
upon the subject, can perceive no particular ill 1
which the American President has been derelict to ji
his duty, or unworthy of his high station. But I ij
must express my fears—fears which have been
strengthened by perusing the papers of the last ■;
few weeks—that the prospects of peace are becom-
ing darkened indeed. We have offered to divide
this territory by the parallel of 49°, and that has
been rejected. I know not an American states-
man who would have his Government go below
that parallel. I know not a man, certainly not a
man within the American Congress, who would
now have his Government divide this territory by
the Columbia river, or by any line south of th.tt
which has been offered and rejected. I see from
the prints across the water, that they go for the
north bank of the Columbia^ river as their ulti-
matum,. I fear there is an impassable gulf be-
tween us; and our only hope for the preservation
of peace is, that the returning sense of justice on
the part of the British Government and her pleni-
potentiaries may lead her to accept of our offer
which has been rejected before, and thereby keep
the gates of the temple of Janus closed.
Mr. PAYNE (in remarks of which a report
will appear hereafter in the Appendix) addressed
the committee. He referred to the course which
the debate had taken, as well on this bill as on the
resolution of notice, assigning as his reason for
having abstained from participation in it, the fact
that subjects had been prematurely introduced,
which should not have been introduced, and from
which much evil and no good might result.
Referring to the bill tinder consideration, he ex-
pressed himself willing to extend our jurisdiction
and laws over the territory, but not to vote for any
proposition which would interfere with treaty stip-
ulations between the Government of the United
States and that of Great Britain. In some respects,
the bill was objectionable; but he trusted it might
be so amended as to obviate his objections. With
this view, he gave notice of his intention to offer
the following amendment:
Strike out the words " as to deprive the subjects
' of Great Britain of any rights and privileges se-
( cured by the thiid article of the treaty of October
' 20, 1818, and continued in force by the treaty of
' August G, 1H27, until said treaty stipulation shall
' cease by virtue of the notice provided for in the
' second article of the last mentioned treaty," and
insert, " operate upon British .subjects, or to
' deprive Great Britain of any of the rights and
' privileges now existing and acquired by the treaty
' of October 20, 1818, and continued in force by
' the treaty of August 6, 1627."
Guarding the bill at these points, Mr. P. was
willing to vole for it.
Mr. SliDDON (whose speech will appear in the
Appendix) (hen obtained the floor, and addressed
the committee, without having concluded his argu-
ment, during the. hour. He spoke generally to the
provisions and objects of the bill, and especially in
I'avor of the mui'mlmcnt proposed by Mr. Vinton.
Of so essential and vital importance (lit) he (Mr. S.)
conceive that amendment to he, that bis own indi-
vidual action would be made dependant upon its
acceptance or rejection. It proposed to limit the
operation and effect of the bill to the period during
which the convention now subsisting between the j
United States and Great Britain, for the joint occu- j
potion of the Oregon territory, should continue in '
force. Willi that saving clause, lie could see no '
just exception to it, and he was prepared to give
his vote in its favor.
Mr. GORDON did not intend to make a general
speech on the subject of Oregon, but briefly to an-
swer some of the objections made to this bill. The
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Skdoon] contended
that this law, in its operation, would extend to 54°
40'; and, anticipating the dissolution of the conven-
tion of 1827, claimed that the jurisdiction of these
laws would he in full force over the whole territory
up to the Russian Ime; and this he deprecated, be-
cause it might be regarded by Great Britain as a
r/uu.vi declaration of war, and a justification of a re-
sort to .hostilities on her part. Why, would not
tho gentleman allow this Government to do, on its
own part, under this convention, in respect to this
territory, so much as the Government of Great
Britain had done by its legislation ? The gentle-
man admitted that the British act of 1821 was a
territorial act—that it covers the whole territory
from 42° up to 54° 40'; and there is no limitation
to that act—none whatever; and it would be in
force when this treaty shall be terminated. And
yet, because this act under the consideration of the
committee was territorial in its character, and j
would extend, after the termination of the treaty, j
over the whole territory, did he object to its pass- |
age. Now, what right would Great Britain have '
to complain, if tbey passed this bill in the very j
words now before thorn, when, by the gentle-1
man's own admission, she, as far back as 1821, j
had passed a similar law, during this treaty, which !
is now in full force and operation in that territory, j
and will be after the determination of this con- '
vention ?
Mr. J. DAVIS (Mr. G. yielding the floor)
wished to propound this question to the gentleman
from New York, whether the British act to which
he referred did not contain its own limitation, in
language which restricted it to the country where
there was no civil government—language evidently ■
adopted in prospect of our extending our laws over ]
this territory of Oregon ? _
Mr. GORDON", resuming, said the language of j
the law. as he understood tt, was merely descrip- j
tive of the country over which the law is extended. !
It was not passed to be limited by any contingency
of the kind to which the gentleman alluded; it ex-
tended over the whole territory west of the Rocky
Mountains, and would so extend whether we
should have any civil Government organized in
that territory or not. We had, and still have,-no
civil Government whatever. There was, there-
fore, no limitation to the British act; it was in force,
and would be at the termination of this convention,
provided we give the notice.
The gentleman from Virginia, then, was willing
to allow the British Government to legislate, but
was unwilling to extend to his own Government
that privilege to the same extent. _ Now, Great
Britain has put a construction on this convention;
she has declared, by passing that act herself, that
she has power to pass it. Although this act was
not in the same words, it was, in substance, the
; British law, and we propose by this bill to extend
1 our jurisdiction over that country in the same man-
ner as Great Britain herself has done.
; lie had stated that, by the gentleman's construc-
j tion, he carried this law up to 54° 40'. In terms,
■ it was not extended to tins line. It was extended
! over all that portion of the territory of the United
States which lies west of the Rocky Mountains,
without defining what this territory is. If we pass
this law, and leave its execution to the Executive,
I as we shall have to do, and which he (Mr. G.)
j whs content to do, the Executive would determine
j how far our territory extends, and hehad no doubt
I that that determination would be in accordance
j with the position he took in his Annual Message,
j The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] had
: said that this bill was in accordance with, and in
' pursuance of, tho convention of 1827; that we wore
! not to pass it by virtue of our title to Oregon, but
] by viifuc of the treaty of joint occupation. Then,
according to the gentleman's own argument, clearly
1 if this law depended upon the convention of 1827,
the moment that convention was terminated by
■. giving the notice, the law ceases to exist." Yet the
■ gentleman proposed to amend the bill by limiting
: its operation to the termination of the joint con-
i vention, which, he seemed to think, would be very
■ soon—in the course of some twelve months. Ac-
i cording to the gentleman's own argument, his
1 amendment was a work of supererogation. What,
then, according to the gentleman liom Ohio, was
the use of the amendment? Why, he seemed to
be afraid, unless that declaration was put on the
face of the law itself, that it might give offence to
Great Britain. He would ask the honorable gen-
tleman if Great Britain, when she passed th$ law
of 1821, consulted this Government ? She did not.
And he claimed that we had the right to do under
this treaty precisely what Great Britain has done.
She had set the precedent, and it was for us to fol-
low the example.
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Holmes] was opposed to the bill because it au-
thorized the President to cause to be erected such
block-houses, stockades, or military posts, as may
be necessary to protect our emigrants and settlers
on their route to Oregon—because it would be ii)
violation of the treaty, and be just cause of war on
the part of Great Britain. But Great Britain had
some thirty forts on that territory coming almost
down to the Mexican line, going quite up to the
Russian line, and scattered all over the territory;
and yet the gentleman from South Carolina would
not allow the United States to build a single fort
on that territory. Now, Great Britain had erected
her forts and planted her flag there without the ex-
planation that is given in this bill. We propose
by the bill to erect forts for protection against In-
dian depredations and aggressions, and to furnish
such ammunition and supplies as may be neces-
sary for the defence of our settlers; and has it come
to this, that for the territory of Oregon, under the
convention of 1827, we shall not be permitted to
do this, when Great Britain has scattered some
thirty forts over thatterritory,and garrisoned them,
not only to keep the Indians in check and punish
aggressions upon her subjects, but, as he believed,
also to defend and maintain her claim to the Colum-
bia river, if not below, and to enlist the Indians on
her side ? And could we not follow her example
without giving offence to this haughty, over-bear-
ing Power ?
Again, the gentleman found fault with the fifth
section, as a monstrous violation of the treaty sub-
sisting between the two countries, because it pro-
posed to appoint Indian agents—not to self or
