1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
679
sn all the security and serenity of profound peace.
This condition of things justified the inference that
the Executive believed that friendly negotiations
could take place, and an amicable settlement be
.made; and it was in answer to his call upon the
Senate to strengthen .his hands for that purpose,
that he (Mr. C.)'was prepared to'vote for the no-
tice. The danger of ;war, after the termination of
the convention, would prove sufficient to influence
the two nations. It ought to do so; and they who
will have to decide the question of peace or war
• will he constrained to look at the subject with that
soleinn deliberation, and that sagacious foresight
and calculation of consequences, which would make
■ them resolute not rashly to plunge these two great
countries in a bloody controversy. ' If they could
not settle the question, it would be a derogation
from the wisdom and humanity of the age. He
regarded it as a question which, if statesmen and
diplomatists could not settle, they were not worth
anything.
I-Ie (Mr. C.) in giving this notice, looked for-
ward to it with confidence, as a means of peacc,
as the best means to be found under present cir-
cumstances; and although there might be some i
danger in it, yet it was less than that to be appro-
bended from other quarters. Let them, then, like i
freemen, like true men, give the notice as the best
preservative of peacc; and being actuated in doing
so by good and pure motives, they could then
abide the consequences^ If it was not settled,
whoso fault would it be ? Let the President look
well to his responsibility. If he does not do nil
his duty for the preservation of the peace of the
country, or by any act of omission or commission
should plunge it into war, how fearful will be his
position? Let him bo prepared to show, if war
comes, that he offered all fair terms for a settle-
ment of the question. No party jiromise, no Bal-
timore resolution, would excuse him if lie neglect-
ed his duty to his country. He knows the whole
history of the matter; he knows what had been
done m past times. Sages and statesmen had
marked out the way for him—all was before him.
There was a way to peace, and a way to war.
Let him choose on ins responsibility. Let him
ask himself, what is the value of the territo-
ry in dispute, and what were the consequences
of war. Set down this territory at any value—it
was a mere question of property—just such as
arises between two individuals. Wiis honor in-
volved in that latter case? Was there any lu;re? j
None; it was a mere naked question of properly.
If it were any great question of principle, as the
Senator from Texas [Mr. Houston] had said
yesterday, the cost of a war ought not to be count-
ed. He agreed with that. But when there was
no principle involved—no national honor—ought
they not to estimate the value of the property in-
volved? - As to the evils of war, ho would not
expatiate on .them. Divest war of all its horrors;
regard it only as that gay, fanciful, fine thing, with
all its feathered plumes and tinsel; all its parade
and music, on a parade day; and was it it thing to
be desired by this country? But what did not
war do ? Did it not change the feelings of brother-
hood into feelings of bitterness and hostility ? Did
it not impede national progress, incur vast national
debt, involve great sacrifices of human interest?
And were they to be blind to all these considera-
tions? If war were a thing that built school-
houses and churches, and tended to advance man-
kind in all the arts of civilization—111 all the
charities of social life—it might he desired. But,
on the contrary, it was to be sedulously avoided.
The subject of this contest was a strip of territo-
ry of equivocal value. And for such a prize, were
they to encounter war ? He said not, "bluit your
eyes to the consequences of a war." He said,
" Look at them." Each party was great and pow-
erful. The United States was a great country,
overflowing with moral and physical energy, with
spirit competent to employ it to the fullest extent.
Of England it had been proudly said, that the sun
never set on her dominions. Of that war, the same
might be said. On that war the sun would never
set There would be no respite. Each hour of the
twenty-four would find the parties hotly engaged.
Then what would be the debt thus incurred t Cer-
tainly!, not less than $500,000,000! Was not that
to b& thought of ? On the other hand, let us look
at the wonders and progress of human prosperity
in the United States. Little more than two cen-
• turies had passed since the first feeblo hands of our
forefathers weie struggling for existence. Now
the child had been born who would live to see one
hundred millions of freemen in this land. That
sought to be achieved to-day by arms, would to- ]
morrow be their national inheritance. They were |
the gicat first-born of the continent. In the full
confidence of the power of the United States, he !| the murder of a United States citizen, told a lie;
smiled with contempt at all the petty schemes of jj that he Was not at the place at the time when the
European ambition, and at M. Guizot's balance j; murder was committed, although^ it ftaa oeen
lUropean
of power on this continent.
j brief explanation; premising that he thought it
I extremely hard that he, (Mr. C.,)who had en-
! joyed for so brief a period the luxury of office,
should he made responsible for such heavy charges.
He stated that McLeod, who had boasted m such
a loud and bullying manner of the share he had in
the murder of a United States citizen, told a lie;
that he Was not at the place at the time when the
' hough it had been
But if he Had been
He adverted to a jj alleged that he was there.
memoir formerly prepared and presented to the ij there, it would have been under the sanction ot
lueillMil lUMiicuy picuaicu aim hvouihvu .. ~
King of Prussia, in which the author described the the British authorities. He went on to show-mat
country, buys, rivers, and mountains of this conn- ^ the only interference of General Harrison was to
try, and stated that nature had raised a barrier ij send him (Mr. C.) to Lockport, to see the tacts
against the dangerous usurpations of the American ]■ placed correctly on the record, m the event ot a
people, by establishing on their borders the powerful !■ necessity of laying the case before thc^bupreme
tribe of Cherokee Indians, who would always keep j
them in check, thus interposing nn effectual balance j
of power. Yet the author said he would not won-
der if, at some future day, the Americans -should he '
excited by their wild ambition to cross the Missis-
sippi. Ami, marking how our progress has out- j
stripped the comprehensive views of this writer, j
why are we now to show such an eagerness for
acquisilion ' jVaim e, and our own natural growth, ,
are doing; everything for us. Without aggression, ;
without awakening the just jealousy ot any other j
nation, we are destined to achieve conquests such ■
as the Roman legions nescr did, and never could
achieve. Why, then, shall we pluck <rr<*en fruit, ,
that to-morrow wilt fall ripe into our hand*?
Court. He appealed to the course ot General
Washington, as establishing a precedent, and re-
ferred to the fact of the employment of Mr. Wirt
in the case of Aaron Burr, and also ot the employ-
ment of Mr. Bibb, by the United States, in a sim-
ilar case. He (Mr. C.) went very reluctantly.
It wan a cold, inclement season, and he wanted
to go to Kentucky; but, in obedience to the in-
structions of the President, he went. On his way-,
he called on Governor Seward, at Albany, deliv-
ered to him his instructions, and had a long con-
\ersation with him, when he declared hiuiseU un-
willing to grant a nolle prosequi, or to pardon before
. trial; but said that if McLeod were convicted, he
j would immediately pardon him, for he knew that
' 1 . . ' _  . 1... 1.:.. l,nu/l tlin
l(U IWlllt'limv Hill l.'il III'V nil" "III ..........  —   ^ t . . . , , • j
He had fpnite of nil thin as purl of the element ,j lie was innocent, having m Jus hand the evidence
of that conquering ehar ''ter which he ascribed to i| that McLeod was not there. He also thought
his countrymen—violating no right—preserving ;i that, as his innocence was clear, a trial would be
their snere'd I'liion—and all the rest was certain. ' the most satisfactory mode of tranquillizing the
I'Voni their lineage was lo descend u race wielding r' public mind. , • •
a sceptre of imperial power, such as the hand of1; In conclusion, he adverted to the objections
Europeans never grasped. It could not he doubled I which lmd been made to the form of notice con-
thiitthe President"would look at the whole matter ,, mined in his amendment, by the. Senator from
Arkansas and otheis. Agreeing with the^Senator
from Texas, that all must be left to the discretion
of the Executive, the form of his amendment left
! in a spirit worthy of his station. Tlieie was m
| the.olliee itself, in hi1, jiulirnient, a means of puri-
; fieation, by which a man, whatever the medium ot
| his elevation, Ixviuue as it were a new moral be- ,
1 ing. Would he not, ihen, see the value of peace i
| on one. hand, and the value. ofOrcgon oil the other? !
1 And would he nol be proud, that, in the great des- .
| tiny of this people, Pnnidcnee and his country
i have placed him ;is lender in a portion ot that
j march which, with a giant's step, they were per-
j forming? Was it, then, likely that lie would out ,
; of this notice create a. cause ot war? He felt no [
I envy, no fear of any of tile nations of Europe. :
Ij Looking to the future,who coukl entertain the ap- j
prehension that the progress of the United States
could ho retarded by European nations?
Hn (Mr. C.) could not help entertaining these
views, being surprised at the lugubrious retrospec-
tion indulged m by the Senator from Now York,
| Mr. Dickinson,]\vith respect to the negotiations
of this country with England. lie (Mr. C.) read
the. History of the past differently. So far from
seeing anything to excite regret, he saw every-
thing lo awaken rejoicing. They had given uy, it
him free from embarrassment; the proceedings of
the .Senate must ultimately be acted on at his dis-
cretion. He thought it would be improper for
Congress to interfere in advance with the action of
the President. The Senator had referred also to
the amendment, as implying submission and apol-
ogy to England, and as placing the United States
in a servile attitude, with bated breath, waiting for
the heck of England- 
Mr. HOUSTON disclaimed any reference to the
amendment.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said the Senator from Tex-
as did not bring back to the brotherhood into which
he had been once admitted warmer American feel-
ings thart he found here around him. Referring to
the present condition of the question, he said the
diplomatists of the two nations were now standing
j idle, looking at each other, waiting to see which
I should speak first. This whs the only punctilio
i which prevented the settlement of the question;
  „ . , and as he had the sine.erest respect for both of these
wnslillej'ed, a barren liiiT or a frozen valley. Ijut ! gentlemen, lie doubted not that after this punctilio
just let them ask where the boundary of their pos- j was got over, they would meet and proceed to a
 .. .w ) Why, it was so far removed that ! final nnrl amicable settlement.
sessions w as r
they could not find it. lie believed it was just
where they chose to place it. If they had met
with losses, they might say with the marshal of
Napoleon, in reply to the Emperor's remark, that
when ho and the marshal were lieutenants, pro-
motions were not so frequent as they had come to
be. " True, true," said the m.irshtd; "but, ah!
you lmvc made up fianomly for it since!" It was
said that compromise would disgrace the country.
lie regretted to hear such a term thus employed, j; are left shall be grown pretty old
final and amicable settlement.
He then referred to a calculation which had been
. made by a Senator who had described the resources
j of this country, that we should have a daily increase
! of four hundred and eighteen young men, and that
! this would contribute a sufficient supply to be daily
; slaughtered. According to this curious calculation,
! we should be at the end of the war just as well off
| as at the beginning. The only difference is, that
the young men would all be killed, and we who
" There would
If that"were true, need he remind gentlemen that ,
I, Jefferson, Monroe, Adams, Gallatin, Clay, Gen- j!
'• cral Jackson, had all " disgraced" their country? |
'! llerc Mr. C-. made a few remarks in reply to j
:i observations of the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. ,
I1 C.v-s] relative to settlement on 49°. He was j
11 willing l  take. 54° 40' if we could get it; but if a |
!' treaty 'founded on 49° were to be laid before the j
j Senate, he trusted that the Senator from Michigan |
J and himself would be found voting together for its j
ratification. He regretted that the suggestion of a
;j reference to the arbitration of distinguished citi-
j I zens the proper tribunal for a republican people—
I; had been rejected. .
On the subject of the interference of General
Harrison with" the courts of New York, in the case
of McLeod, which lmd so grieved the Senator
from New York, [Mr. Dickinson,] he made a
then be danger of the extinction of the class.
He concluded with asserting that he should be
found on the side of his country in the event of
war, although he trusted every difficulty would be
speedily adjusted.
THE VOTE.
Mr. ALLEN then rose and said, that five-and-
sixty days ago, he had opened this discussion. In
the intervening debate, many things had been said
to which he could desire an opportunity to reply.
But in view of the public interests, as well as with
a becoming regard to the patience of the Senate, he
would not longer protract the discussion, by a
speech which might have the effect of reopening it
altogether. He should waive any right that he
might have to reply to arguments urged against
those presented by him, or to observations which
I had been made in the course of the discussion, di-
