682
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
Relations; bat what confidence are we to repose
in Ins lectures addressed to us oil great national
affairs, while he is himself wanting in respect to
the body to which he behm^s ? In attempting; to
influence this Senate, by holding up to us the
course of the House, he has violated the order of
the Senate and treated it with disrespect.
We are not to be influenced in that way, much
less is that gentleman to hector over us and tell us
that we are bound to this or that course of action,
because the House of Representatives has adopted
it. How would they submit to such an indignity ?
I hope that no more such language will be permit-
ted here. It is offensive. The gentleman tells us
that the President will hide behind no bush. What
does he mean ? Does he mean that the Senate will
do it? If not, was his remark of that innocent
sort of rhetoric which has no meaning in it? The
gentleman is calling upon us for unanimity; he is
beseeching us here to be unanimous. Why, sir,
was the like ever heard ? A gentleman, in asmall
minority of this body, calling upon us continually
for unanimity ! He" very modestly requires that
all the other members of this body shall at once
abandon their own opinions, and go over to the
very small minority to which lie belongs. Sir,
could the gentleman's comprehensive ingenuity
point out no other mode of arriving at unanimity ?
Suppose tho gentleman himself should pack up,
with oil his dignities of chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Relations, and go over to the majority,
would not that be some approach to unanimity 5
No, sir, that will not do. We are all, I suppose,
to consent that our views shall be unheeded, and
we are all to come over to him as the great stand-
ard-bearer, beneath whose banner alone all nation-
al unanimity, all patriotic unanimity, all unanim-
ity becoming an American, is to be found. Yes,
sir. There is to be no contraband there. The flag
is to rover everything, and to be the witness of
the nationality of all over which it is spread, and
of the gentleman, as one of those who are under it.
Really, sir, I have supposed it to be a possible
case that a man may have as much patriotism and
as much bravery, in the ordinary scenes of human
life, as even the Senator himself, and yet not rally
under that standard. The gentleman seems to
think he has an unanswerable claim to invoice our
unanimity, because he tells us that for many a long
year ho himself, on a great public measure, stood
i( solitary and alone." He was then, I imagine,
not quite so ardent in favor of unanimity.
Eat, mark it, sir, such was the effect, such the j
influence of that magnanimous example, that now ;
the Senate and all mankind are come to tally !
round the gentleman from Ohio. True, he says j
it took five y^ats to accomplish this. Now, sir, j
will not the Senator have magnanimity enough to \
allow us five years to resign our principles and our
convictions and adopt his1 Or does he demand
instant, submission ? And is that his new doctrine ;
of unanimity ? |
I Ind thought, according to the arrangement !
proposed, that we were to-day to do little else than
vote. We all know that that Senator, both here !
in his place and in his personal intercourse with
us, has expressed the greatest possible desire and ;
solicitude that we would fix upon a day when we j
should, arrive at a result in this matter: and yet ;
now, when that day is come, wh^n the auntie- i
man's own appointed time has arrived, the course :
of tbr- Senate, which he so earnestly invoked, and j
which was to bring our deliberations to a close,
has only quickened him to renewed efforts in pro- :
longing this contest. He now tells us that he wiil
vote agvnst all resolutions: as we have not adopt- .
ed his'amendment, he goes against the whole.
Well, sir, be it so; the gentleman's course may
710 doubt be a cause of areat legret, and he may j
consult his personal dignity by standing alone
another five years, and waiting in solitary grandeur
till all the Senate and all Congress shall flock and j
congregate about him. Achilles in his tent' :
Yes, sir; Achilles in his tent! I would stih recom-
mend the lesson to which I have once referred—
Know thyself! It is the wisest lesson that any
man can learn.
The honorable gentleman finds out now, for the
first time, that the preamble which the Senate has
adopted is entirely incoherent and irrelevant to the
other portion of the resolution. The Senate, it
seems, did not know this: for they have just adopt-
ed both. And how does he mike it out? The
President has asked us to authorize him to give
notice to Great Britain of the termination of the
convention. This resolution does authorize him.
And what more? It declares it to be desirable
that he should give the notice and should abrogate
the convention. Now, I ask, is there anything
inconsistent in this' As I understand the matter,
it is in exact compliance with the recommendation
of the President. But it is now first discovered by
the Senator from Ohio that there is no consistency
in it, and he goes against the whole.
Mr. President. 1 have no pleasure in this sort of
animadversion—it gives me no satisfaction what-
ever; but I cannot and will not sit here and allow
such language and see such airs of superiority and
supercilious arrogance without a reply. We have
had quite enough'of it and to spare, and from the
same quarter. The gentleman seeks by vehemence
of gesticulation and volume of sound to give effect
to what lie is pleased to say; and really, sir, in
some of his gestures the gentleman is not only
offensive but really alarming. - Notwithstanding
some reasonable measure of natural courage, gen-
tlemen not accustomed to arms, and whose training
has only been in bodies of a political character,
might suffer some personal apprehension. Sir, the
gentleman may get up a panic here, and there is no
telling what may be the effect of a panic. I have
heard of panics in armies producing effects the
most terrible; I have heard of stampadoes and
many other things equally terrible; but here, sir, we
have been told that the resolution we have adopted
is a miserable paltry thing; that the Senate is pal-
tering in a double sense; that it is hiding behind
the bush; that it is skulking from responsibility
and presuming to differ from the House of Repre-
sentatives. And all this is brandished over us with
a magnilicencc of style and manner that really, sir,
I scarce know where the Senate stands and what is
to become of it.
There is a word or two more I wish to add be-
fore I sit down. I hope we shall get all Oregon.
I hope wo may have it up to 54° 40'; but then if I
can't gft all that, 1 for one am willing to submit to
take 49°. But I do not like to hear it said that I
am on the records of the Senate as having voted
that our title is good up to 54° 40'; yet I find that
statement expressly made in a speech of his which
I will here quote.
[Mr. C. here read an extract from a speech for-
merly delivered by Mr. Allen.]
The Senator told us he had it recorded in a vol-
ume before him. Yes, sir, the gentleman makes
sp^ciies, and puts them in books, and lays them
before him, arid then quotes them to us as " docu-
ments," I suppose, according to the reading of
mv honorable friend from New York, [Mr. Dick-
insov.]
[Here Mr. C. read further from the speech of
Mr. Allex.]
The gentleman says the bill, on its very face and
by nanv, declared our title good up to the Russian
boundary. I deny that the Senate ever passed a
bill makms; any sivdi declaration. The gentle-
man, perhaps, may not have been correctly report-
ed. I remember, indeed, that we had a bill before
us in which we proposed to legislate for Oregon as
far as England had legislated, and to provide laws
which were lo operate during our joint occupancy
with England of the whole territory. The opera-
tion of the law was to be extended over the whole
territory, but that looked to, and expressly pro-
vided for, n state of joint occupancy, and neither
declared nor implied that we had any exclusive (.
title to the whole or to any port. That was not j
the question mooted. The question was as to the ;
extension of our laws over our own citizens; and j
what less could we say than that the laws should j
extend to them wherever they might be, in any !
and every part of the tenitory. "Vet this bill has |
been cited and given to the public as a recorded j
document proving that the Senate, by its vote, had i
declared that our right was clear and unquestion- Jj
able up to 5i° 40'. |
Mr. ALLEN said bethought the extraordinary j
remarks madeby the Senator from Kentucky would \
justify a reply, though to reply to all of them would (
take a considerable time. The Senator desired to ]
know (continued Mr. A.) under what commission ;
I ypeak; He must really be an intelligent Senator j
to be under the necessity of asking such a ques- !
lion. I speak under the commission of a State as }
respectable ni every paiticular as any other State
in the Union. T speak under a commission of that -
character which I bear as a man; a character as ;
unsullied, sir, as that of the Senator from Kentucky,
or any of those with whom he acts. I speak, sir,
under the commission which a sense of duty im-
poses upon a Senator as deeply interested m the
welfare of his country as that Senator, or those
with whom he acts. These are the commissions
which have rendered it necessary that I should
speak, and of these the jeers of the Senator cannot
deprive me, either at present or in future. Com-
missions, every one of which I intend to' fulfil, and
to live up to; and in doing so I will never be found
contributing to the sacrifice of the rights or the
honor of my country.
The Senator says the first great duty of a man
is to know himself. He knows that; and itisvery
strange that, knowing himself, he had not remained
silent upon this occasion, and not come forth here
to do the very thing which he charges me with
doing, by entering into a voluntary defence of the
Senate. The Senate must have come to a pretty
pass if it requires the gentleman to come forward
as its attorney general to vindicate its character.
He asks me under what commission I defend the
House of Representatives ? I ask him under what
commission he presumes to be the organ of the
Senate, and the keeeper of its character?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not; but, as one of
the body, I think it right to defend myself, and
those with whom I act.
Mr. ALLEN. The Senator speaks for the
whole body. I speak of the whole body. The
difference between the Senator and myself is, that
he speaks for the body, and I speak of the acts of
the body. I have as much interest in the Senate,
in its character and conduct, as the Senator from
Kentucky. I am part and parcel of the body, and
the proportion which I bear to the body can neither
be increased nor diminished by the remarks of the
Senator. His remarks in reference to individuals
here, and his grotesque faces, cannot have the least
effect. His eulogies cannot elevate them nor his
sneers depress. I want to know what it is that I
have done to the Senator which makes him so has-
ty, on every occasion when I speak, to rise up and
address his rebukes to me? Has he a private pique?
I know of none; I can imagine none. It must be
that he thus comes forward because he supposes he
is in duty bound to take upon himself the guar-
dianship of the Senate. I do not deny the Sena-
tor's right. I only say it bespeaks some complacence
on his part, that, when anything is said, up he
jumps and performs the part of attorney general;
assuming, as in this case, that the Senate had been
abused; an assumption not at all justified by the
fact. I spoke of the public acts of the body just
as the Senator speaks of the House of Represent-
atives. Are we not at liberty to speak of our own
acts, or of the acts of any brunch of the Govern-
ment ? When we speak of an act which has been
done, shall we be met with the charge, You are at-
tacking a branch of the Government; you must
not interfere with it; you must not refer to what
has heretofore been done by Congress, or you will
incur the charge of making an attack upon Con-
gress? I think the gentleman's imagination has
carried him rather too far in the execution of his
assumed commission. The long practice of the.
gentleman as attorney general may have given him
a fondness for the sort of advocacy which he exer-
cises here; perhaps his leaning that way is so great
that he does not recollect he is not now filling that
office. I can account, for his distorted view of the
subject in no other light. Not a word can be said
but, outspringing his broad shield, he cries, " Stop;
not one inch farther. Behold the shield of Achil-
les—not in his tent; oh. no—Achilles advanced to
war, shield on arm!"
But I again repeat that I am utterly at a loss to
account for the unnecessary warmth of the Sena-
tor. He says that I spoke disparagingly, deroga-
torily, rebukmgly, of this body. When, I pray ?
He speaks of my manner. The manner of the
Senator from Kentucky is to make faces; my man-
ner is to make gestures. He thinks the audience
will be alarmed at my gesticulations. Well, they
will be compensated by a hearty laugh at the faces
made by the Senator. I mean no harm by speak-
ing in a loud tone: and if people are here who come
to be entertained, they cannot fail to be so, seeing
tlii.it we have comedy as well as tragedy enacted,
i Now, in legard to the bill relating to Oregon, to
I which allusion has been made, the Senator says it
• was only for extending our laws over Oregon,
i There is some little difference, the Senator would
