684
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
Mr. JAMES THOMPSON. Will the gentle-
man vote for 54° 40' ?
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL. No, I will vote
against it -with all my heart. I'll not ask you to
put in 54° 40'; I only ask you to put in what you
mean. I think that I shall vote against the bill
under any circumstances; but we ought to know
what it means.
The next objection was, that the bill found no
correspondence in the British statutes on this sub-
ject. It stood alone. And Mr. I. referred to the
legislation of Great Britain to show that it had
been designed simply to maintain order amongst
British subjects in this territory, and not to assert
any exclusive title over any portion of it.
Mr. I. adverted to the question of title, and to
the negotiations in relation to it, contending that
the notice, accompanied as it was now shown that
it was to be, by legislation, the tendency of which
wis necessarily and inevitably to war.
Mr. I. yielded the floor for explanation in the
course of his remarks to Messrs. ADAMS, I. E.
HOLMES, and C. J. INGERSOLL.
Mr. WOOD said that he had not risen for the
purpose of making a speech, but to propose a sub-
stitute for the first section of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN said the amendment would
not now be in order, but that it might be read for
information.
The amendment was read as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause in the
first section, and mseit:
" That the jurisdiction of the supreme court of
• the Territory of Iowa, and the laws of the said
' Territory (as far as they are applicable) arehere-
' by extended over the territory of Oregon, so
' called, lying west of the Rocky Mountains, and
' to all citizens of the United States residing there-
' in; and, also, to that portion of the intermediate
' country west of the Missouri river, and between
' the 40th and 43d degrees of north latitude, not in-
• eluded in any other State or Territory, and that,
" from and after the passing of this act, all offences
• committed within said countries shall be, and be
' deemed to be, offences of the same nature, and
' subject to the same punishment as if the same
< had been committed in the Territory of Iovva:
' Provided, That nothing in this act contained shall
' be so construed as to operate on any subject or
' subjects of Great Britain."
Mr. WOOD continued. I suppose it is the
honest intention of this House to extend the juris-
diction of the laws of the United States over Amer-
ican citizens in Oregon. I presume that it is not
intended to go further; that it is not intended to
absei't our claim or right to the eminent domain
at present, or to undertake to pass upon that
which is the business of the President, and of
the treaty-making power. Therefore it is that 1
have omitted the words "all our territory;" and
I ha\e confined my proposition to a description of
what is called the territory of Oregon, extending
the ]ui-isdiction of our laws to our citizens in that
territory, and not undertaking to pass upon the
title of the United States.
In another part of the amendment, ! have made
a reservation with regard to the British subjects,
so that there shall be no complaint on that score.
It is said that the bill under consideration is the
same as the British act. This is not so. I will
ask the Clerk to read the preamble and first sec-
tion of the act of Parliament (passed in 1803) con-
cerning this territory. The Clerk read as follows;
" Wneieai crime's and offences have been committed in
the Indian territories, and other parts of America, not within
the limit* of the pio'vtncps of Lower and Upper Canada, or
either of thorn, or of the jutisdiction of any of the courts
established m those piovm^cs, or within the limits of any
civil zoieniment of the United Status, of Ameuca, and aic
tlierefoie not cognizable by any jurisdiction whatever, and by
reason thereof, «reat cume? and oiicnees have gone, and
may hereafter so unpunished, and yieatlyinciea&e ; foi iem-
cdy whereof, &c * Be it enacted, That from and alter the
pa^sins* of this act, nil offences committed within any of the
Indian teniiorie*, or parts of Aiiienca not wjthm the hunts
of eithei of the said provinces of Lower or Upper Canada,
or of any civil government of the United State? of Amenca,
shall be, and be defined to be offences of the same nature,
and shall he tried m the same manner, and subject to the
same punishment as if the ssame had been committed withm
the provinces of Lower or Upper Canada.'"
The act of 18521 was the second act, and refers
to this act of 1803, whilst at the same time it recog-
nises the convention between the United States and
Great Britain. And in both of these acts, the ter-
ritory is always spoken of as the Indian country—
the Indian territory—countries contiguous to Can-
ada. There is no assertion of the right of territory
or of eminent domain. Now, by the bill under
consideration, there is a direct assertion of the title
to that country. Under what circumstances was
the British act passed ? A great deal of capital has
been attempted to be made out of it. There was
no collision between the two Governments at that
time. As was well remarked yesterday, the bill
was passed under different ci'rcumstanees from
those which now exist. The two Governments
are now on the eve of a collision; it is in contem-
plation to give a notice terminating the convention
under circumstances materially differing from those
which then existed. I am willing to go as far as
Great Britain has gone in extending jurisdiction
over the territory, but I will not consent to trench
011 the rights of the President and treaty-making
power, and to decide in this House a question of
title which belongs to another tribunal. Distrust-
ing my own ability, with great deference to the
superior wisdom of the House, and with a desire
to attain the object which I believe the House has
in view, I submit the substitute.
Mr. PHELPS (of whose remarks a report will
appear in the Appendix) next addressed the com-
mittee in favor of the bill, and in vindication of its
provisions, as one of the series of measures recom-
mended by the President as necessary for the pro-
tection of American rights in the territory of Ore-
gon, and for the protection of our emigrants now
lesiding there, or those on their route thither.
Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL briefly gave his
views of the bill and of various amendments. He
objected to the amendment of Mr. Payne as ineffec-
tive for the purpose declared to be intended by it—
viz: to limit the operation of the law to the continu-
ance of the convention of 1827, and advocated the
amendment of Mr. Vinton to the amendment, as
going to secure this object. He was ready to give
his hearty concurrence to the bill in case it were so
amended as to bring it to conform to its title, and
thus " to protect the rights of American settlers in
the territory of Oregon during ike continuance of the
joint occupation in the same;" and he thought that
in this form it would receive the almost unanimous
support of the House. Beyond that he was not
willing to go, nor were they required to go by the
recommendations of the President. During this
continuance he was ready to extend the protection
of our laws over our citizens in the entire territory,
and it was immaterial whether the extreme bounda-
ries were mentioned, or it was left in general terms,
to operate throughout the territory. But he ob-
jected to it in its present form, as framed to operate
beyond this period; and in addition to the general
inexpediency of this extension, he pointed out many
provisions rendering the bill defective and impracti-
cable as a permanent measure.
In the course of his remarks he yielded for ex-
planation or inquiry to Mr. THOMPSON, of Penn-
sylvania, and Mr. JONES, of Georgia.
Mr. WICK addressed the committee in a speech
(which will be given in the Appendix) in defence
of the course of the President in relation to this
question; arguing, that upon the British Govern-
ment now devolved the onus of reopening negotia-
tions, (if any more were entered into,) and giving
his views generally.
Mr. S. JONES said it was not his intention to
occupy much of the time of the committee. It
appeared to him that we were, and that we ought
to be, prepared to go to the same extent in the ex-
tension of our laws over the Oregon territory as
i England had done many years ago m the exten-
• sion of hers. And if he had been able to ascertain
the extent to which she had gone, there was no
! limit short of 42° south. It had been contended
; by persons on this floor, that these laws are not
! intended to extend over American citizens within
j. the Oregon territory; but, as was remarked by a
!, gentleman the other day, that was only the con-
ji struciion placed upon the law by her judges^ The
il laws themselves made no exception; they did not
!■ except the citizens of the United States from their
!' operation. But it had been observed that the
j, judges had wisely put a construction upon it,
| whether as judges or for political purposes, to
prevent collision with the United States and in-
fringement of treaty.
I\ow, if there were any infringement of treaty
on the part of Great Britain, it was by the passage
of the law. She considered that, under the con-
tention, she had a right to pass that law; the
United States never had considered that she had
not that right, for we had heard no remonstrance
against the extension of the laws of Great Britain
generally over the people of Great Britain in that
territory. We proposed to extend our laws, an<t
we proposed,an exception in favor of British sub-
jects where they be guilty of any crime. Gentle-
men had objected that this exception did not extend
to civil cases, but England had made no such ex-
ception .
Mentioning the' subject of title into which he
should not now enter, and stating that the Nootka
Sound convention conferred, upon Great'Britain no
right of settlement, except for mere temporary
purposes, Mr. J. proceeded to say that it was time
that we passed some law for the.protectl'ion of o.ur
citizens in Oregon. In this all were agreed. The
main question was, what kind of acts they should
be; and it was considered by many, by his con-
stituents, and by the whole American people, that
it should be truckling to England if we feared to
pass laws coextensive with the provisions of her
acts.
For one, so far as she has gone, he was willing
to go; he would not stop a single foot this side.
But they were told tliat this law was objection-
able, because it operated upon the territory, and not
upon the people of the territory. He did not un-
derstand how a law operated upon territory, unless
that law was intended to distribute lands lying in
that territory, or to make some provision in regard
to those lands. The laws of the United States op-
erate alone upon individuals, leaving to the State
laws to operate uponlands. This bill operated upon
persons—upon people who were to go there; and
it might operate on their property through their
persons. In that \?'ay it should operate upon terri-
tory, and beyond this it should not go.
But it was objected that the fourth section of the
bill provides for a future Congress giving to settlers
three hundred and' twenty acres of land, because,
it was contended, it was dictating to a future Con-
gress, and attempting to bind that Congress to do
this act. He held it was no dictation; it was in-
tended in the light of a promise to all persons who
should go there, bona fide, to settle, and remain five
years, that Congress would grant them three hun-
dred and twenty acres of land. One reiison for this
promise was, that it was yet uncertain over what
portion of the territory we should gain absolute
exclusive title. It would not be questioned that
one Congress might authorize the making of con-
tracts which would be binding on a subsequent
Congress.
And this was all the obligation they sought to
impose on future Congresses, the obhgation-of a
contract with bona fide settlers, that if they will go
there, we will give them so much land. We want
this country settled by sturdy pioneers, who will
be ready and able to defend the soil.
There was not a lawyer in England that would
doubt that the title of the United States up to 49°
was better than that of England; and between 49°
and 54° 40', he also considered our title was the
better title. He admitted that above 49° it was not
unquestionable title, free from incumbrance, and
therefore a spirit of just and liberal compromise
would divide the territory between the two .high
contracting parties. But be concurred with the
gentleman who had just taken his seat, [Mr.
Wick,] and he did not believe there was a man in
this House, or in the United States, who had ex-
amined the question, who doubted our title up to
49°, and who would not fight rather than surren-
der any portion of territory below that line. But
he had heard with mortification anddeep regret, the
remark from a member of this House, and he un-
derstood the same had fallen also from a member
of the other House, that the United States ought
again to tender to Great Britain the offer of the
line of 49°. He hoped we never would. He said,
England has the right to return, (she might be
mistaken, we might be mistaken,) but England
has the right to conclude that we will accept the
! line of 49°, if offered by her. And when an emi-
| nent Whig in the other branch of this Congress,
I [Mr. Webster,] had declared that England might
i expect the United States never to give them one
I foot below 49°, but fight rather than do it; he
j (Mr. J.) hoped that when that part of his speech
I j reached Great Britain, they would believe there
j! it was not a war party alone, but the whole peo-
l| pie, that would sustain Mr. Polk in that posi-
'j tion. And he believed if this Congress passes
!j away, and a new Congress is elected before the
