686
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aprilr]J|.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL (Mr. D. a?nin yield-
ing) was understood to call upon the gentleman to
put in the form of positive enactment wh.it he had
so well argued before the committee.
Mr. DOUGLASS (resuming) repeated his dis-
inclination to gratify the gentleman, by giving- an
indirect blow at this hill, having learned, if he*
wished to gam an object, it w.is sometimes better
to yield a httle that one might desire, in order to
get the support of a majority, rather than being
impracticable, and insisting upon his own pecu-
liar views to hazard the whole, and lose the ob-
ject he had in view. He understood the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to occupy the position that this
country of Oregon belongs to nobody, and thus that
we have no country west of the Rocky Moun-
tains; and, entertaining these views, the gentleman
deemed it consistent with honor and patriotism to
attempt to defeat this bill by a parliamentary at-
tack.
But as Mr. D.'s object was different—as he be-
lieved we had a title to the whole territory—he
would vote for a bill which extends our jurisdiction
over the whole territory in general terms, and there-
by furnishes' protection to our people, and sends
our officers there for the purpose of protecting our
rights, and at the same time avoiding collisions
with the Indians or the Hudson Bay Company;
and when the time comes, he would prescribe the
boundary hereafter. And he said to the gentle-
man now, in answer to his question, that when
the time came to pi escribe the boundary, he would
find him (Mr. D.) voting for 54° 40', and nothing
short; and he hoped the gentleman would be with
him upon that question.
Mr. HOLMES here addressed a remark to Mr.
D., which was not heard by the reporter, (but the
puiport of which may be gathered from Mr. D.'s
reply.)
Mr. DOUGLASS (resuming) said he would tell
the gentleman. The gentleman from South Caro-
lina asked him how he reconciled what he had just
said with the sentiment he had before uttered, that
if he could not get the whole, he was willing to
take a part. He would tell the gentleman, when
it came to a question of his rights, he went for his
rights, and the whole of his rights, and the main-
tenance of his honor. Honor, the gentleman said,
wasaunity; he wished the gentleman to understand
that his rights and the rights of his country were
a unit}?; and he know not how it wa« that the gen-
tie mm went, to make a division of his country's
rights, and thought it consistent with honor and
patriotism to protect that portion of the country's
rights that lie in one section of the Union, and
abandon that portion of the country's rights that
lie in another portion of the Union. Our rights,
as well as our honor, are a unit, and to be the sub-
ject of no compromise at all.
This bill made no boundaries. A difficulty might
nrU-e as to how far this bill extended our jurisdic-
tion. In principle, there could he no conflict. The
bill said that our jurisdiction is extended to theex-
tent of our title. But it might be said that the ex-
tent of our title was unknown. That was true; so
that, whilst there was no conflict in principle, there
may be in practice. There might be a difficulty in
ascertaining where the dividing line was. He
thought there was no difficulty, others thought there
was. Then, if our people were scattered over that
whole territory at this moment, from 42° to 54° 40',
he conceded that there would be an immediate col-
lision arising between oar citizens and British sub-
jects in the execution of these laws. But it so hap-
pened that our people there were all confined to the
south of the Columbia. Our laws, under tins bill,
would be executed just as far as our settlements
extend; the}' would expand as our settlements in-
crease. Their execution, therefore, at first would
be confined to the south side of the Columbia;
when our people spread over it, they would go with
them; and when we found the Indians and the fur-
bearing animals vending from our settlements, -we
would find the Hudson Bay Company following
them, and our settlements would take their place.
Thus, under the operation of this bill, our laws
miccht, at first, be confined to the south side of the
Columbia river, and proceed from point to point up
to Portland channel. Thus it might be many
years before a conflict arises (if any ever should
arise) between our settlements on the other side of
the mountains and the British or the Hudson Bay
Company.
lie could not express positively the firm convic-
tion that no collision would arise; but he thought
it would be much less likely under this bill than if
you do not pass it, for the simple reason that this
bill providea for the sending of our justices of the
peace, our Indian agents, and other ministerial
agents, into that territory. Our superintendent of
Indian Affairs would execute our laws under the
direction of the President. Through this superin-
tendent there, the President could exercise that
wholesome restraint upon our settlers there that
would avoid collision, and keep them at peace,
when, perhaps, if left to their own will, their own
enthusiasm and passions, they might create con-
flicts and plunge the two countries into war. It
was remarked by a gentleman near him that there
was now no law, and that this bill gives them law*,
and in that remark was a most powerful and unan-
swerable argument in favor of this bill.
But his esteemed friend from Ohio, [Mr. Yin-
ton,] had disparaged this bill, as flimsy and inef-
fective. Compared with the bill he (Mr. D.) had
introduced in the amendmentwhich he had offered,
or compared with the bill he had brought forward
for the organization of a territorial government,
with its whole machinery, to be put in operation
at once, perhaps that judgment might be correct.
But he thought this bill would not be found quite
as inefficient as was imagined. It was susceptible
of being made one of the most efficient and pow-
erful bills ever passed by this Congress. It gave
discretionary power and discretionary means, and
these vested in the hands of a man of firmness, of
prudence, and wisdom, might be made a most effi-
cient and powerful enginery of Government. The
right kind of a man should be placed at the head
of it; and he was willing to trust the Executive
with the appointment and direction of the mode in
which his duties should be performed under this
bill. He believed this bill would furnish ample
and full protection to our settlers there, during the
continuance of this joint occupation.
He proceeded to notice other objections. Gen-
tlemen had urged the objection that this bill should
he limited in its operation to the continuance of the
treaty of joint occupancy; and he was sorry to hear
some gentlemen say, unless it was thus limited,
they would not vote for it. The reason which they
urged was one, in the facts of which he fully con-
curred; but he did not think they ought to conduct
to the conclusion at which they arrive. That rea-
son was, that this bill was just what it should be
during the continuance of the joint occupancy, but
when the joint occupancy ceases, that new and dif-
ferent, and perhaps more efficient, legislation will
become necessary Now, he concurred fully in
this; but this was no reason why they should have
this bill terminated on the day the convention ex-
pires, and our people be left without law, without
government, and without protection or restraint
until a new code of laws shall be passed and put
in operation. Suppose that after the notice was
given and expired on account of a difference be-
tween the two Houses of Congress, for instance
as to the precisc form of a law, Congress should
adjourn and go home: what would be the conse-
quence, unless this bill was so framed as to con-
tinue in operation? By this bill we abolished the
provisional government they have established for
themselves: and, at the expiration of the notice,
the people would be left without law, without pro-
tection, and without government. Crime then
could be committed with impunity; and no subse-
quent legislation could reach the criminals and pun-
ish them. They would also be left without offi-
cers, and their militia would be disbanded at the
very time we may expect possibly to have a colli-
sion with Great Britain m this territory. He
thought it would be the height of folly to let this
lnll terminate there. Let it continue until repealed
or changed by law.
But it had been ursred—he thought without due
consideration—that this bill, if it did not terminate
by its own limitation at the expiration of the
notice, would violate the treaty. It would not
violate the treaty as long as it was in force, but
would begin to violate it just at the moment it be-
comes dead. And this argument had been urged
with a good deal of enthusiasm, and he fancied
with a good deal of sincerity, although not with
very much thought and reflection. Itr equired no
answer to show that the law would not violate a
treaty after that treaty had expired.
Then, what did it violate? Why, it extended to
our territory, and only this. It extended concur.
rently with the British legislation so long as/t|ie
treaty continues. It would become exclusive as
soon as the treaty expires. And he considered it
self-evident that it should -be first applied to our
own, not to British territory.
Recurring to the objection that it extended our
! jurisdiction to the extent of our title—and it was
' uncertain how far our title goes—he repeated, that
in principle this provision .was correct, though in
practice it might possibly give rise to collisions.
But there was, in his-estimation, no probability of
conflict arising immediately, unless the - public
authorities of the two Governments desire to have
conflict. The President of the United States,
through his Superintendent of Indian Affairs,
under this bill, would have the power to restrain
American citizens from any aggressions that would
lead to a conflict; and the British Government,
through their judicial officer in that country, James
Douglass, had the same power; for anybody who
knew anything about that high functionary, knew
that he exercises a more unlimited, unrestricted
power in Oregon than any despot on earth. His
will is the law, and his vassals execute his will.
Talk about slaves in South Carolina or Louisiana:
the British subjects in Oregon were mere slaves.
Look into the condition of the Hudson's Bay
Company, and you found slavery in ail its forms.
Hence there was no necessity of collision between
the settlers belonging to the two Governments,
unless one or the other desire to produce it.
But the fourth section of the bill was objected to
because it contemplated the granting- a certain
amount of land hereafter to each settler in Oregon;
and the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Chapman]
said it was manifest that there was no distinction
between the promise to grant and the grant of lands
itself. It seemed to Mr. D. to be a debatable
point. For instance, the treaty of joint occupation,
to some extent merged the sovereignty of the soil
and left it in abeyance. The grant of land was a
high act of sovereignty, and would hence be con-
sidered a violation of the convention; but as we
claimed we own the country, and there was some
part of it over which none would dispute our claim,
a promise could be made that when this incum-
brance arising out of the joint occupancy shall be
removed—when the sovereignty shall be brought
back to its original position in us, that then we will
make the grant. It was like the bond, that when
you buy a piece of land you will convey it. Or, it
was more like a bond, that you will convey a piece
of land without incumbrance, when the incum-
brance, which is now upon it, is removed. He
thought there was a manifest difference.
Another objection to striking it out was, that
every bill heretofore introduced into Congress had
made promise of lands hereafter. Our people have
gone there and settled, under the faith of this action,
if they refused now to carry it out, they discourage
settlement, and thus weakened our force in that ter-
ritory. For this reason he thought it would be im-
politic to leave it out.
But if gentlemen would look at the act of the
British Parliament of 1821, they would find that
the British Go vernmen t contemplated at least some-
thing of this kind. (Mr. D, referred to the words
of the law in proof of this.) And it was well known
i that Dr. McLaughlin, the acting governor of the
: Hudson Bay Company, had laid out towns and
cities even south of the Columbia, and even in some
I cases that American citizens held town lots, the
1 ground upon which their storehouses were erected
; &c., under deed from the governor of the Hudson
| BayComoany. And yet, notwithstanding all this,
! were we not to make promises of grants, when the
| incumbrance upon our property is removed? He
: was willing to go on in our legislation—not as far
I as the Parliament of Great Britain had gone—but
as far as they had deemed it proper to execute the
laws they had passed. These laws, under the law
' of 1821, were to extend over the whole of Oregon,
1 absolutely, unconditionally, exclusively, without
: any exemption of American citizens from the ope-
ration of those laws. Yes, by the British laws
I now in operation over Oregon, every American
; citizen, if arrested, was liable to be taken to Cana-
i' da, and put into jail, under trial, whenever the act-
ing agent of the Hudson Bay Company shall say
S so. It was true that the British authorities did not
i think it proper to execute that law, and therefore
! instructions were given to draw a distinction.
,! American citizens were thus exempted, not from
: the law, but from mere motives of policy, by an
