1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
687
order of her Majesty the dueen to James Doug-
lass, her representative in that territory.
Mr. HOLMES was here understood to suggest
the difficulty that would arise under this bill when
Iowa threw off its territorial character, and was
admitted as a State,
Mr, DOXJGIiASS said the committee had anti-
cipated that; and this would be the remedy: the
admission of Iowa into the Union created a neces-
sity for the organization of a new territory adjoin-
ing Iowa, for the protection of citizens left without
its boundaries; and tKey proposed, at this session,
as soon as the Iriwa bill passed, to creatc a new
territory, and attach Oregon to it.
Mr. HOLMES here made another remark,
which was altogether inaudible to the reporter.
Mr. DOUG-LASS resuming, said, yes. I know
the gentleman is speaking as a friend to 54° 40',
and if 54° 40' had many more such friends to
speak for it on this floor, ne was really afraid that
we would have no Ofegon at all; that all Oregon
would be blotted out of the map, and would not
be found on the face of the globe except in the
British'possessions. The gentleman a friend of
54° 40'! Why, the gentleman regarded the 54°
40' men as " war hawks" and " war dogs !"
In reference to another remark of Mr. Holmes,
Mr. DOUGLASS said the gentleman remarked
♦hat they—the friends of the entire claim to 54°
40'—had modified their position; but he thought
the gentleman Would find that the only way to
account for this seeming change of position, was
that the gentleman had thrown away the glasses
that formerly obscured his vision, and now saw
their position in its true light. So far as he (Mr.
D.) could speak for the 54° 40' men, he could only
say that he pursued such legislation as he believed
best calculated to protect our rights there, and get
the whole country. He was for Oregon, and the
whole of Oregon; and if gontlonien thought that
there was any inconsistency between this bill and
their position, he wanted them to consider that the
opposition of friends, from whom they had aright
to expect better things, compelled them to take
that which they had found it extremely hard to
accept; but that which, because they were com-
pelled to protect our rights there, and maintain the
honor of the country, they took as the best they
could get. And he hoped they would not lie taunted
with ii, in addition, by applying to them the term
moderation. But if the gentleman meant liy the. term
moderation a disposition to yield up one inch front
54° 40', now or hereafter, under this or any future
Administration, or to sanction or approve, justify,
or defend any man thatdoes it, he would find him-
self mistaken. If the gentleman expected him, as
a 54° 40' man, ever to release the Democratic party
from the ch&rge of perfidy, if they receded from
54° 40', or relinquished any portion of the terri-
tory below that, he mistook his man. Mr. I),
made no quarrel with those who differed with him.
He impugned the motives of no man. He left
them free to exercise their own judgment; hut ho
withdrew nothing he had said upon this or any
other occasion, as to the awful responsibility that
rests upon any man that should ever yield one
inch from 54° 40', after being committed to it as
firmly by honor as he said the whole Democratic
party were.
These being his sentiments, when he came to
legislation he might yield something, for the sake
of obtaining a greater good hereafter. He knew,
in the estimation of many of his 54° 40' friends, he
had yielded too much already. They seemed to
think it would be better to lose all legislation than
to make this sacrifice; yet he believed that the
o-ood of the. country, the safety of our people be-
yond the mountains, the peace of the world, iin-
quired some legislation on this subject—some effi-
cient legislation. We were in more danger of war
ky this—he would not say timid course—but by
tliis want of activity, of harmony, and union, in
assertion and defence of our rights there, than from
any other cause. And now, if war ever grows out
of this Oiegon question, it will grow outof the fact
that these compromises have increased the British
pretensions so much, that wo can never make an
honorable settlement of the question. It was the
compromisers who were the war men—not from
design, but fiom timidity, from want of resolu-
tionr He did not suppose any argument would
produce any effect now upon the minds of those
men who have argued the British side better than
Mr, Pakenham himself; who have maintained
British interests better than Great Britain ever
could maintain them. These men it was that en-
couraged the arrogance and the pretensions of Great
Britain, till she demanded so much that this coun-
try could never yield it. He did not regret it; be-
cause he thought that cut off their last hope of set-
tlement. He thoujrht they had used the weapon
which destroyed their own object. He wanted
peace, and we could have peace, and the whole of
Oregon, if we would stand by the rights and inter-
ests of our country, and act firmly in the defence
of those rights and interests by ouriegislation here.
Mr. D.'s hour here expired.
Mr. JEFFERSON DAVIS took the floor; but
yielded it for a moment to
Mr. DANIEL, who gave notice that he would
offer the following amendment, which was read for
information:
Strike out all in the first section of the bill after
the word "mountains," in the seventh line, and in- ,j Indian territory
sert the following: !i of Iowa over all
I be very poorly calculated to legislate for the other,
| and great confusion must ensue in the attempt to
' apply the wants of one to the other. He referred
! to the mining character of Iowa, which gave to her
! people and local legislation a character peculiar
! and inapplicable to Oregoft. He denied the pro-
* priety of extending the laws of Iowa over the In-
dian country, considered such extension a violation
| of the principles which had heretofore controlled
i our intercourse with the Indian tribes, the princi-
' pie which had been characteristic of our Govern-
! ment, contradistinguishing itfrom those of Europe,
| who had had intercourse with the aborigines of
• America. Our Government had always tecog-
I nised the usufruct of the Indians of the territory
i possessed by them. Our jurisdiction over Indian
i country has heretofore been confhicd to regulating
' trade and intercourse with the Indian tribes, and
i serving process upon our own citizens within the
— This is to give force to the laws
the Indian country therein de-
To continue in force during the joint occupa- scribed; to wiest, without the just and liberal com-
mon provided for by the treaty between the United m pensation we have heretofore paid for the extm-
' States and Great Britain, signed at London, the ;| guishment of Indian title, a belt of country on this
20th day of October, 1818, and continued m force ji side of the mountains, fiom the tribes who possess
1 by the treaty of the 6th day of August, 1827; and
' in the mean time, if any new treaty shall be con-1]
' eluded between the two countries, defining the ||
' rights of the. United States to the territory, in that!;
' event to remain in force over such portion there- ]j
' of as may be secured to the United States, until jj
' altered or repealed: Provided, however, That this !,
act shall not lie construed nor executed in sueh i|
it, and, by the strong hand, to seize all which lies
beyond.
He said, gentleman had frequently addressed
us upon the rights of Great Britain and the con-
flicting claims of that Government and ours m the
Oregon territory. By the conventions of 1818 and
1827, the title as between these two Governments
was in abeyance. Let us strictly regard all our
* manner as to deprive the subjects of Great lint-treaty stipulations with that rival claimant; but
' nin of any of the rights and privileges secured by 1 ' '~   * ":"1   *'~
( the treaty aforesaid, and also over all that portion
' of the intermediate country west of Missouri river,
' and between the 40th and 4 3d parallels of north lat-
' itude."
Mr. JEFFERSON DAVIS said, the closing re-
marks of the gentleman who had preceded him cer-
tainly invited a reply; but in consideration of' the
little tunc which remained of that allowed for
this discussion and the number of gentlemen anx-
ious to address the committee, he would only say,
in answer to these remarks, thttt lie repelled the
assumption, that all who differed from the gentle-
man in his opinions upon Oregon, were so want-
ing in wisdom or patriotism as ignorantly or tim-
idly to sacrifice American rights. Not always was
it found that those who most readily entered into
quarrel, bore themselves best after they were in.
Sometimes the first to get into a row are the first
who wish themselves out.
He declined to enter into the question of title.
The ancient voyages of Spain—the ancient con-
ventions in relation to the Northwest const of
America—seemed to him so little connected with
the subject before the committer, that he bad lis-
tened to such speeches with the feelings of the
Vicar of Wakefield, when be met the sharper of
the fair in prison, and be commenced iiis recital
on cosmogony. Stop! said the Vicar, sorry to
interrupt so much learning, but I think I have
heard all that before.
lie would point out his most prominent objec-
tions lo the bill, and before closing, would offer
a substitute for its provisions. He said, the title
most especially let us respect the rights of the
more helpless occupant, and more rightful posses-
sor—the savage—who originally held the country.
To this end, be said, lie had drawn up, and would
submit a substitute for the bill, violative of the
rights of no one, in strict accordance with the usage
of this Government, and, as he believed, most ef-
fective to preserve peace and order, and extend to
our citizens in Oregon the benefits of our republi-
can laws and institutions. It was the application,
so far as suited to the circumstances, of the ordi-
nance of J 787, for the government of die territory
of the United States northwest of the Ohio river,
and of the law of" 178D, to render it moie effectual.
Under these, our citizens in the various territories
of the northwest had passed from the condition of
Indian country to the second grade of government.
No question could arise in their application which
had not been already adjudicated; and, therefore,
in adopting this'plan, we could distinctly see, and
accurately judge, of the results it would produce.
In view of the peculiar condition of the Oregon ter-
ritory, he excepted, by a proviso, that portion of
the ordinance which refers to a general assembly;
also substituted for the freehold qualification of
officers required by that instrument the qualifica-
i tions prescribed in the territory of Iowa, where.no
| freehold is necessary, and had added a section se-
! curing to the British subjects in Oregon all the rights
jand privileges tliey derive fiom existing treaties,
so long as those treaties shall continue. By this
substitute it is proposed to provide for the appoint-
ment of a Governor, who should be ex officio super-
intendent of Indian affairs, and three judges. These
of the bill met his entire approval. Our citizens !j officers appointed by the President, by and with
in Oregon had a right to expect our protection. _ It |; the consent of the Senate, are to receive the same
was gratifying to him to witness the fact, that
though they had gone beyond the exercise of our
jurisdiction, they looked liark and asked that the
; laws of their father-land might follow them; they
; invited the restraints of our legislation; thus giv-
' ing the highest proof of their attachment, and
1 paying the richest tribute to our institutions.
| There insufficient unanimity as to the. propriety
' of extending our laws over American citizens m
' Oregon, to justify me in omitting tlint branch of
I the subject,'and proceeding at once to inquire by
1 , A-... „.i r>.. ,l... \ 'O i.;..
compensation as officers of a like grade in the Ter-
ritory of Iowa. They are to be authorized to adopt
such laws frdm the statutes of the different States
of our Union as may be applicable to the condi-
tion of that country, the whole to be subject to the
revision and approval of Congress.
Thus, sir, we shall be guarded against the dan-
gers of extending the laws of a territory existing,
and hereafter to be enacted without our knowledge,
and above our control, likewise from any improper
legislation which might result from a representa-
wlutt mode this may be effected. By the bill under j; nve assembly in a mixed and unsettled colony.
discussion, it is proposed to extend the jurisdic-
tion of the supreme court of Iowa, and the laws
of said Territory, as far as applicable to that por-
tion of the territory of the United States which
lies west of the Rocky Mountains, and also over
a belt of country east of those mountains and west
of the Missouri river, and lying between the for-
tieth and forty-third parallel of north latitude.
Who here'knows what the laws of Iowa are,
still less what they maybe; but this much we all
may know, that from the difference in the condi-
tion and wants of the two countries, the one must
The officers of the Government thus constituted are
j authorized by proclamation to define the limits of
j the settlements of our citizens in Oregon, to which
j the Indian title has been, or may be extinguished,
! and within such settlement to locate the" seat of
| government for the territory. Until the Mian title
l has been legally extinguished in some portion of
I the territory, it is a violation of the policy we have
i heretofore observed, and which stands upon our
. history a proud monument of humanity and jus-
I tice, to locate our courts, and assume territorial
: jurisdiction in that country.
