THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PgjNTED_ AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASH INGTQN, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
99th Congress, 1st Session.
' 6, 1827, until said treaty stipulation shall cease
by virtue of the notice provided for in the 2d
article of the last-mentioned treaty,' and insert
' 'operate upon British subjects, or to deprive Great
' Britain of any of the rights and privileges now
nn1Stlo ^ an<* accluire(l by the treaty of October
' 20, 1818, and continued m force by the treaty of
'August 6, 1827.'"
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. McCLELLAND moved the following
amendment to the amendment, which was rejected:
"Provided, That nothing in this act contained
' shall be construed so as to operate on any subject
' or subjects of Great Britain, or their effects: Jhul
' provided, farther, That nothing herein contained
' shaHbc understood or considered as waiving or
' impairing any of the rights or claims of the Uni-
' ted States to said territory or any part thereof.''
Which amendment was rejected.
Mr. TIBBATTS moved to amend the amend-
ment of Mr. Viwton, by striking out the words
" and this act," to the words " altered and re-
pealed." Rejected.
The question on the amendment of Mr. Vinton
was then taken, (by tellers,) and by ayes 79, noes
98, was rejected.
Mr. RATHBUN moved to amend the section
after the word " mountains," by adding " north of
the 42d degree of north latitude, and south of 54°
40' north latitude."
Which amendment, by ayes fiO, noes 70, was
rejected.
Mr. WOODWARD moved the following
amendment; which was rejected: °
Strike out the words " that portion of," begin-
ning in the fifth lino, and also the words " of" the
United States," in the sixth line, and after the
word " all," in the fifth line, insert the words " the
citizens of the United States in."
Mr. HOUGH moved to amend the section, by
Btriking out the words "all tlmt portion of." Re-
jected.
Mr. DARGAN moved to amend, by inserting
after the word " applicable," in the fourth line of
the first section, the words " as they now exist."
Jigreed to.
- Mr. WOOD moved tlie following modified sub-
stitute for the first section:
" That the jurisdiction of the supreme court of
' the Territory Of Iowa, and the laws of the said
' Territory, (as far as they are applicable,) ure
* hereby extended over the territory of Oregon, ho
' called, lying west of the Rocky Mountains, and
' to all persons whatever therein; and also, to that
' portion of the intermediate country west of the
' Missouri river, and between the 40th and 43d do-
' grees of north latitude, not included in any other
' State or Territory; and that, from and after the
' passing of this act, all offences committed within
' said countries shall be, and bo deemed to be, of-
' fences of the same nature, and subject to the same
' punishment as if the same had been committed
' in the Territory of Iowa: Provided, That nothing
' in this act contained shall be so construed as to
' apply to any subject or subjects of Great Brit-
'am."
The amendment (by ayes 33, noes not count-
ed,) was rejected.
To the second section no amendment was oiler- j
ed. I
The third section being under consideration in
the words following:
" Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Pres-
' ident be hereby authorized to appoint the requi-
' site number of justices of the peace, and such
' ministerial officers as shall be necessary for the
' due execution of the laws: Provided, That any
' subject of Great Britain who shall be arrested
' under the provisions of this act, for crime alleged
' to hare been committed within the territory of
' the United States west of the Rocky Mountains,
' while the same remains free and open to the ves-
' sels, citizens, and subjects of the United States
'and of Great Britain, pursuant to stipulations
44
WEDNESDAY, APRIL 22, 1846.
New Series....No. 44.
' between the two Powers, shall be delivered tip i
' for trial, on proof of his being such British sub- |
' ject, to the nearest and most convenient authon- i
' ties having cognizance of such offence by the i
' laws of Great Baitain,"
Mr. BOYD offered an amendment, which he i
withdrew. !
Mr. BELL moved to amend the section by j
striking out the words " while the same remains ;
' free and open to the vessels, citizens, and subjects ,
' of the United States and Great Britain, pursuant >
' to stipulations between the two Powers, and in- !
serting the words " while the conflicting claims of I
the two Governments remain unadjusted." Re- ]
jeeted. ' '
Mr. GILES moved to amend the section, by .
inserting after the word "provided," the words |
" that no subject or citizen of Great Britain shall '
' he amenable to either the civil or criminal law ex-1
' tended over the said terriiory by the first section !
' of this act." Rejected. j
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON renewed the motion— '
heretofore made and withdrawn by Mr. Boyd—to !
strike out the words " while the warm- t't mains free j
'and open to the vessels, citizen*, and subjects of
' the United States and of Great Britain, pursuant j
' to stipulations between the two Powers," and ad- j
ding the proviso—originally offered by Mr. Mr- ,
Ci.kixanij—" that nothing herein contained shall !
' be understood or considered as waiving or impair- i
1 ingany of the rights or claims of the United States
' to said territory, orally part thereof." J{ejected.
The fourth section being under consideration,
in the words following:
"Sue. 4. .hid he it further enacted, That pro-
' vision shall hereafter be made by law to secure
' and grant to every white person, male or female,
' over the age of eighteen years, three hundred and
' twenty acres of land, and to every white person,
' male or female, under the age of eighteen years,
' one hundred and sixty acres of land, who shall
' have resided in the said territory described in the
' first section of this act for live consecutive years,
' to commence within three years from the passage
' of this act."
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON moved to amend it
by striking out " 330," and inserting " 360." Ke-
jeeted.
On motion of Mr. BOYD, the section was so
amended as to read " the said land to be located
within said territory.''
Mr. BIGGS moved to amend the same section,
by adding a proviso, "That all future grants of
' land contemplated by this act, shall be subject to
' the settlement of any dispute now pending be-
' tweeu Great Britain and the United States, touch-
' ing their respective claims, and subject also to the
' acquirement, by trenty or otherwise, of the Indian
' title to said lands;" which nmendment, by ayes
5,5, noes 65, was rejected.
Mr. TILDEN moved to amend said fourth sec-
tion, by striking out the word "white;" which
amendment, by ayes J4, noes not counted, was
rejected.
Mr. GILRS moved to strike out the section;
which motion, by ayes GG, noes 70, was rejected.
The fifth section being under consideration, as
follows:
"Sec. 5. Jlnd tie it farther enacted, That there
1 shall be appointed, in the manner provided by
' law for similar officers, a superintendent of Indian
affairs, and such Indian agents and sub-agents as
< so for as they may be consistent with the purport
' of this act, the regulation of trade and intercourse
'with the Indian tribes, and the execution'of the
' laws herein extended over the country, described
' in the first scction of this act,"
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON moved as a substi-
tute for the section another bill, consisting of sev-
eral sections; which (after an ineffectual motion to
amend by Mr. Huron) was rejected.
Mr. REID moved to amend the section, by add-
ing, that the salary of the Indian agent should be
$4,000. Rejected.
Mr. DOUGLASS moved a similar amendment,
designating $3,000. Rejected.
Mr. DOUGLASS moved an amendment, limit-
ing the number of agents and sub-agents to four.
Rejected.
Mr. I. E. HOLMES moved to strike out the
section; which amendment, by ayes 53, noes 70,
was rejected.
The sixth section being under consideration in
the words following:
" Sec. C. Jindbe. it further enacted, That the Pres-
' ident be, and he is hereby, authorized to cause to
' bo erected such block-houses, stockadcs, or mil-
(ifary posts as shall be necessary to protect emi-
' grants, settlers, and traders, on the route to and
' m the territory of Oregon, against Indian depre-
' dations and aggressions, and to furnish such am-
' munition and supplies as shall be necessary to
' their defence."
Mr. McIIENRY moved to add the following
proviso:
" That no such block-houses, stockades, or mil-
' itary posts shall be erected or established north of
' the 49th parallel by virtue of this act, nor until
' directed by law." Rejected.
Mr. GILES moved to strike out the section.
Hejeeted.
On motion of Mr. DOUGLASS, the following
(/. c. seventh) scction was stricken out:
" Skc. 7. And be it further enacted, That the Pres-
' ident be hereby authorized to cause to be raised,
'officered, and equipped, in such manner as the
' President slmll direct, two regiments of mounted
'men, to guard and protect emigrants, settlers, and
' traders, against the Indians."
The eighth section being under consideiation, in
the words following:
" Sec. 8. Jlnd he it further enacted, That a mail-
' route be, and is hereby, established from St. Jo-
' seph's, Missouri, to the mouth of the Columbia
' river"—-
Mr. HOPKINS moved the following amend-
ment; which was agreed to:
Strike out the eighth section and insert:
" Be it further enacted, That a post-route be
'established from Fort Leavenworth, via Grand
' Island, on the Pliitteriver, FortLaramie, the South
'Pass of the Rocky Mountains, Fort Hall, Fort
' Boise, Fort Wallawalla, and Oregon city, on the
' Willamette river, to Astoria, at the mouth of the
' Columbia river, on the Pacific ocean.
" Jlnd be it further enacted, That it shall be the
'duty of the Postmaster General to cause the Uni-
' ted States mails to be transported on the said
' route, from Port Leavenworth to Astoria and
' back, at least once a month, by such means of
' conveyance as he may deem most advantageous
' to the public servicc, and on the best terms that
' can be obtained by contract; in the mode now
' provided by law for the transportation of the
'United States mail: Provided, That if, in the
' opinion of the President of the United States, it
' be expedient to cause the mail on the route afore-
' said to be carried by detachments of mounted men
' in the service of the United States, he may order
' the said mail to be carried in that way, instead
1 of having it transported by contract, as above
' provided."
The ninth section being under consideration, in
the words following:
"Sec. 9. Jindbe itfurthere nacted, That the sum
' of three hundred thousand dollars be, and the
' same is hereby, appropriated to carry the provis-
' ions of this act into effect."
On motion of Mr. JAMES THOMPSON, it
was amended by substituting one for three hundred
thousand dollars.
The bill having now been gone through with
. Mr. JEFFERSON DAVIS proposed the follow-
ing as a substitute therefor:
" That from and after the fourth day of July
