690
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
next, the territory of the United States, lying
west of the Stony Mountains, shall, for the pur-
poses of temporary government, constitute a sep-
arate territory, by the name of Oregon.
"Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That there
shall be established, within the said territory, a
government in all inspects similar to that provided
by the ordinance of Congress, passed on the thir-
teenth day of July, one thousand seven hundred
and eighty-seven, for the government of the ter-
ritory of the Uiiited States northwest of the river
Ohio, and by an act passed on the seventh day of
August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-
nine, entitled 4 An act to provide for the govern-
ment of the territory northwest of the river
Ohio;'and the inhabitants thereof shall be enti-
tled to, and enjoy all and singular the rights,
privilege.-*, and advantages granted and secured
to the people of the territory of the United States
northwest of the river Ohio by the said ordinance:
Provided, That a legislative assembly shall not
be organized in said territory of Oregon, until the
same shall be authorized by an act of Congress.
"Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That the
officers for said territory, who, by virtue of this
act, shall be appointed by the President of the
United States, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, shall Respectively exercise the
same powers, perform the same duties, and re-
ceive for their services the same compensation,
as by the laws of the United States have been
provided and established for similar officers in
Iowa Territory; and the duties and emoluments
of Superintendent of Indian Affairs shall be uni-
ted with those of Governor: Provided, That the
qualifications for office shall be the same as in
Iowa Territory.
" Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
Governor and judges of said territory shall, by
proclamation, define the limits of the bettlements
of American citizens in said territory to which
the Indian title has been or may be extinguished;
and the seat of government of said territory shall
be located at such point within the limits of said
settlements as the Governor and judges, or a
majority of them, shall select.
" Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That pro-
vision shall hereafter be made by law to secure
and grant to every white person, male or female,
over the age of eighteen years, three hundred and
twenty acres of land; and to every whjte person,
male or female, under the age of eighteen years,
one hundred and sixty acres of land, who shall
have resided in the said territory described in
the first section of this act for five consecutive
years, to commence within three years from the
passage of this act.
"Sec. 6. And be it farther enacted, That nothing
contained in this act shall bo construed to deprive
the subjects of Great Britain of any of the rights
and privileges secured to them by existing treaty
stipulations during the continuance threof.''
Which substitute amendment was rejected.
Mr. THOMAS SMITH offered the following
as an additional section:
" That the President of the United States fortli-
' with cause notice to be given to the Government :
i of Great Britain that the convention between the
4 United States and Great Britain, concerning the ;
4 territory of Oregon, of the sixth of August, "eigh-
teen hundred and twenty-seven, signed at Lon-
'don, shall be annulled and abrogated twelve
' months after the expiration of the said notice,
' conformably to the second article of the said con-
' vention of the sixth of August, eighteen hundred
i and twenty-seven."
The CHAIR decided the amendment to be out
of order.
Mr. SMITH appealed;
And the committee sustained the decision of the
Chair.
So the amendment was not entertained.
Mr. J. A. ROCKWELL offered the following
amendment:
" Be it further enacted, That this act shall con-
4 tinue in force no longer than during the continu-
4 ance of the joint convention aforesaid between
4 the United States and Great Britain."
, Mr. STEPHEN ADAMS suggested that the
amendment was not in order, the same proposi-
tion having been previously offered, and voted
down..
Some conversation followed between Mr. COBB,
Mr. CHIPMAN, and the CHAIR, on the point of
order; after which,
The question was taken, (by tellers,) and by ayes
70, noes 89, the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WINTHROP offered the following as an
additional section:
44 That involuntary servitude, except for crime,
4 shall not exist within the territories of the United
4 States to which this bill relates."
Mr. TILDEN, moved to amend the amendment
by adding:
" Nor shall any distinction be made between the
citizens of the said territory on account of color."
Which motion was rejected.
And the amendment of Mr. Winthrop, by ayes
51, noes 67, was rejected.
On the motion of Messrs. PRICE and STE-
PHEN ADAMS, the committee rose, and reported
the bill and amendments to the House.
Mr. JAMES THOMPSON demanded the pre-
vious question; which was seconded.
Mr. MORSE, in explanation of a motion he sub-
mitted, that when this House adjourns, it adjourn
to meet on Monday next, said lie desired that an
opportunity should be given to examine the amend-
ments to the bill.
The motion, by yeas 57, nays 116, was rejected.
And then the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were pre-
sented, under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
By Mr. P. KING: Several memorials from the State of
New York, against the renewal of a certain patent to Jethro
VVoud.
By Mr. GARVIN: The petition of John Sutherland, an
old soldier, for a gratuity. Also one of like impoitfrom Joint
Caldwell: rcfeired to tlie Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
biOlH.
Bv Mr. WENT WORTH: The petition of citizens of Mo-
Ilejuy county, foi a inail-ioutc from LMend, via Browne's
& Towle'f Flourmu-IVhlls, to Ifebiou : iclorred to the Com-
mittee oil the Post Office find Post Roads.
By Mr. THOMAS SMTTIl: The memorial of Benjamin
Hall, of Switzeiland county, Indiana, asking the passage of
a law allowing him back pension money: referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions*.
By Mr. J. DAVIS: The memorial of the City Council
and 357 citizens of Vicksburg, Mississippi, asking an appro-
priation for the hospital at tliat place : refericd to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
By Mr. HOGE: The petition of 61 citizcns of the coun-
ties of Whiteside, Carroll, and Ogle, m {he State of Illinois,
asking the establishment of a mail-unite from Fulton city, in
said county ot Whiteside, via Genesee (iiove, Milledgeville,
Elkhorn Grove, and Buffalo Grove, to Oregon, m s.ud county
of Oirle: H'feried to the Committee on the Post Oflice and
Post Roads.
Bv Mr. M. L. MARTIN: Two petitions of citizens of
Dodge county, for a post-ionte fiom Wateitown to Fond
du Lac, m the Territory of Wisconsin. AIso$ the petition
of Mrs. Candace Porter, widow of Amos Porter, for arreaj s
of pension due to her late husband as a wounded soldier of
the ievolutionary war.
Bv Mr. COCKE: The petition and papers of the heirs of
Gordon White, of the State of Tenne ee, praying Congress
ro giant thpir mother the benefit of the joint resolution of
Congiess, parsed 18th August, 1842: referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions.
By Mr. WRIGHT: The memorial of the New Jersey
Historical Society, asking Congress to print an increased
number of copies, piepared from materials collected by the
Evploung Expedition.
By Mr. TIL DEN : The petition of Ahijah T. Betton, of
Tnunbull county, Ohio, praying for a pension, for wounds
received in the last war.
By Mr. GRTNNELL: The petition of Jo<=pph H. Lewis,
and 180 other citizens of Ne<v Bedford, Massachusetts,
masteis, officers, and seamen, ensured m the whale fishery,
ankinjr that they may be entitled to the privileges of the
United States maune hospitals, and he assessed hospital
money at the rate of ten cents per month. Also, the petition
of Thoma< Ely, of Sandwich, Ma-sachu<etts, and 80 other
, citizens of the s-ame place, piajms Congress to provide by
1 Jaw for a confess of naiions to settle all disputes without
! war.
; By Mr. YELL : The petition of William Sterrad, of Ar-
! kati^as, foi a pension: inferred to the Committee on Invalid
Pervious.
] By Mr. POLLOCK: The petition of Jesse Bencr, and 70
; others, citizens ot Lycommg county, Pennsylvania, praying
J toi the establishment of a mail-route from Collomsviile, by
I wav of Susquehannah township, to Wilhamsport, all in said
■ countw Pennsylvania.
i By Mr. BLANCHARP : The petition* of sundry mhabit-
i ants of Juniata and Huntingdon counties, for the alteration
; and eviction of the inail-route fiom Mifflmgton, Juniata
county, to Shade Gap. in Huntingdon county: referred to
' the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
■ By Mr. THOMAS SMITH: The petition of Thomas A. i
■ Baun, and 85 otlieis, playing Congiess to establish a mail-
| ioute from New Trenhm, in Fiankhn county, Indiana, via
Southsate, Killrail, Sunmans, to Napoleon, in Ripley. Also, i
fiom Versailles, m Ripley county, to Moore's Hill, in Dear- ;
born county. i
| By Mr. DUNLAP: The petition of Abigail Doughty, !
I daughter of Ichabod Doughty, a soldier of the revolution:
1 leferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pennon*.
By Mr. SEPDON: The petition of Mathias Barne, for a
pension: referred to the Committee-on Invafid/PerisiOns. 5
By Mr. TIBBATTS: A memorial signed by numerous
travellers on the Ohio and Mississippi, praying that a law
be passed requiring steam vessels to use " gvans's safety
valve." ;
By Mr. RELFE: The petition and papers of Charles Mc-
Clane, of Missouri, asking Congress to confirm to him a
certain tract of land in the State of Missouri, containing
640 acres, on which he had established himself, and culti-
vated, prior to the purchase of Louisiana, in 1803: referred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. .
Saturday, Jlpril 18,1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
TERRITORY OF OREGON.
The House resumed the consideiation of the un-
finished business of yesterday, being the bill to
protect the rights of American settlers in the terri-
tory of Oregon, until the termination of the joint
occupation of the same.
The SPEAKER said, that previous to the ad-
journment of the House yesterday the previous
question had been-moved and seconded, and tlie
question now was, " Shall the main question be
ordered?"
And the main question was ordered.
Which main question wets on concurring with
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union in its amendments, vand on ordering the bill
to a third reading.
The SPEAKER suggested that the amendments
should be read, and the question taken upon them
collectively, except as to such on which any mem-
ber might desire a separate vote.
The amendments were read, and concurred in
collectively.
And the bill was ordered to a third reading now.
Mr. G. W. JONES demanded the previous ques-
tion-, which was seconded.
And the main question (on the passage o.f the
bill) was ordered to be now taken.
Mr. WINTHROP asked the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
And the main question, " Shall this bill pass
was then taken, and decided in the affimatiVe,.-as
follows: - =
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Anderson, Arnold,
Bcdingcr, Benton, Biggs, James Black, JamesA. Black,
Bowhn, Boyd, Brockenbrough, Brodhead, W. G. Biown,
Burt, Catheart, Chase, Clnpman, Clarke, Cobb, Ctillom,
Cummins, Cunningham, Daniel, De Mott, Dillingham,
Dobbin, DrOmgoole, Dunlap, Edsall, Erdman, Paran, Pos-
ter, Fues, Garvin, Giles, Goodyear, Cordon, Grover, Ham-
Jm, Haralson, Harmanson, Ilenlcv, Hope, Hough, James
B. Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Jenkins, James H. Johnson,
Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Sea-
born Jones, Kennedy, Lawrence, La Sere, Ligon,
kin, MeCleraand, McCrate, Joseph J. McDowell, James
McDowell, McKay, John P. Martin, Berkley Martin, Mor-
ris, Morse, Niveri, Norris, Owen, Parrish, Perrill, Pettit,
Phelps, Pollock, Price, Rathbun, Reid, Belfe, Hitter, Rob-
erts, Sawtelle, Sawyer, Seammon, Leonard H. Sims,
Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Stanton, Starkweather,
Stewart, St. John, Strong," Sykes, Thomasson, James
Thompson, Thurmaa, Tibbatts, Tredway, Wentwonh,
Wheaton, Wick, Williams, Woodward, Yell, and Yost—
104.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott,'Atkinson, Baxringer, Bayly, Bell,
Milton Brown, William W~ Campbeii, Cart-oil^, John G.
Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman, Reuhejr Chapman,.Cocke,
Collamer, Cranston, Crozier, Dargan, Garrett Davis, Dixon,
Dockery, John H. Ewing, Edwin H. Ewing, Foot, Gentry,
Graham, Grider, Grsnnell, Hampton, Harper, Billiard, Hop-
kins. Edmund W. Hubard, Samuel D. Hubbard, Washing-
ton Hunt, Hunter, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Lewis, Long, Mc-
Gaughey, McIIeury, Marsh, Moseley, Payne, Pendleton,
Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Runk, Seaman, Scd-
doo, Severance, Simpson, Truman Smith, Albeit Smith,
Caleb B. Smith, Stephens, Stiohm, Tlubodeaux, Jacob
Thompson, Tjlden, Trumbo, Vinton, White, Winthrop,
Wright, and Yancey—6-1.
So the bill was passed in the following form, to
wit:
Beit enacted Ay the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled ^ That the
jurisdiction ot the supreme court of the Territory of Iowa,
and the laws of ^aid Territory, so far as the same may be
applicable as they now exist, are hereby extended over all
that portion ot the territory of the United States which lies
west of the Rocky Mountains; and also over all that portion
of the intermediate country west of the Missouri nver, and
between the fortieth and forty-third parallels of north lati-
tude; Provided, That this; act shall not be construed or ex-
s ecuted m such a manner as to deprive the subjects of Great
j Biitam of any of the rights and privileges secured by the
j treaty signed at London, Octobei twentieth, eighteen hun-
; dred and eighteen, and rontinued in force by the treaty of
! August sixth, eighteen hundred and twenty-seven.
{ Sec. 2. JirA be it jurther evaded, That all the country de-
j scribed m the first section of this act shall constitute one
I judicial district, and a district court shall be held therein.by
1 the judge to be appointed under this act, at such times and
places as he shall designate; and said court shall possess all
