692
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
by the amendment of Mr. Owen, were concurred
in, and are now m the following form, to wit:
RrsolreJ, Sec., That by the convention concluded the 20 th
day of October, 1818, between the United States ol America
and the King of the United Kingdom of Gieat Britain and
Irelahd. for the period of ten year*, and afterwards indefi-
nitely extended and continued m force by auuthei conven-
tion of the same parties, eoncluded the 6th day of August,
in the vear of our Lord 1807. it was agreed that any country
that mil1/ be claimed bv eitliei party on the northwest coast
of Ame.ica, westward of the Stony or Itocky Mountain?,
now commonly called tho Oregon territory, should, together
v. itli if harboibavs, and creeks, and the navigation of all
riveis within the same, he free and open to the vessels, citi-
zi.in-, and subjeeN of the two Powers; hut without prejudice
to any claim winch either of the parties might have to any part
of said country; and with tins further provision m the .sec-
ond aiticle ol'the said convention of the Gth of Auaust, 1827,
mat either paity might abrogate and annul said convention
on giving due notice of twelve months to the other contract-
ing paity. that it h.ih now become desnahle that the respect-
ive flaims of the United Slates and Great Britain, should be
defmttelv settled, and that said terntoiy mav no longer
than ncf'rt be lemam subject to the evil consequences of the
divided allegiance of its American and Butish population,
and ot the confusion and conflict of national junsdietton*,
dangerous to the cherished peace and good understanding
of the two countries. And, thcrefoie, that steps be taken
for the abrogation of the >aid convention of the Gth of Au-
gust, 18*27, m the mode pievcnbed in its second article, and
that the attention of the Government- ot both countries mav
be the more earnestly rtir -eted to the mipoilance of a speedy
adjustment of all their differences and disputes in respect to
said temtorv.
Jlnd be it further resolrcd, That the President of the Uni-
ted State* is authou/.ed and requested to Give to the British
Government the notice requned bv Jt  f-aid second aiticle
for the abrogation of the convention of the 6tii of Aug-u-vt,
Mr. J. J. McDOWELL voted in the affirmative,
protesting against those portions of the preamble
which speak of settling British claims and earnest-
ly recommending a compromise.
Mr. PETTIT moved a reconsideration of the
vote by which the amendment., as amended, had
been concurred m, and demanded the previous
question.
There was a second.
The main question was ordered, and, being
taken, the vote was nut reconsidered.
PRIVATE BILLS.
On motion of Mr. DANIEL, the House then
proceeded to the consideration of private bills.
The bill for the relief of James Hillman, and the
bill for the relief of Samuel Jordan, heretofore re-
ported from the Committee of the Whole with a
recommendation that they pass, were severally
read the third time and passed.
The bill making compensation to John R. Wil-
liams, of Michigan, tor damage done to lus prop-
erty by the mihtaiy in the war of 1815 with Great
Britain, also reported from the Committee of the
Whole with a recommendation that it do pass,
came up in regular order.
In Committee of the Whole this bill was amend-
ed by reducing the sum proposed to be paid from
#2,000 to $1,250.
Mr. McCLELLAND moved to amend the
amendment by striking out $1,250, and inserting
$3,000, and supported his motion m a speech of
some length.
Mr. DANIEL opposed the bill, out and out.
The amendment of the Committee of the Whole
was opposed by Messrs. CHIPMAN and HAM-
LIN, who advocated the sum proposed by Mr.
McClellano.
Mr. GORDON supported the amendment of the
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, was in fa-
vor of the sum reported hi the bill.
Mr. McCLELLAND withdrew his amendment.
Mr. TIBUATTS thought there had been debate
enough on so small a case, and moved the previous
question, which was sustained, and, under its op-
eration, the amendment of the committee was dis-
agreed to.
And the bill was then read the third time, and
passed without amendment.
A motion was here made to adjourn, and nega-
tived.
The bill from the Senate for the relief of David
F. Williamson, of Arkansas; the bill for the re-
lief of Charles M. McKenzic; and the bill to amend
the act for the relief of George Mayfield, were
severally read the third time, passed, and sent to
the Senate for concurrence.
And the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
By Mr. DE MOTT: The memorial of citizens of Wayne
county, New York, agrainst the extension of a patent on
ploughs to the heirs of Jethro Wood.
By Mr. HOGE: The petition of 62 citizens of the State of
Illinois, a-knig Congiess to establish a mail-route from Peru,
in said State of Illinois, via Princeton, the county seat of
Henry county, and Millersburgh, to New Boston, on the
Mississippi nvci: referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. STRONG: The remonstrance of John Hailenback,
and many other citizens of Tjoga county, New York, against
the extension of Wood'b patent for making east-iron ploughs:
referred to the Committee on Patents.
By Mr. MACLAY: The memorial of Read, Taylor, & Co.,
and otheis, importers of watches, jewelry, and precious
stones, praying that the duties on these articles may not be
increased bevond the pi e.-ont rates. Also, the petition of
Charles Smith, of New Yoik, foi a pension.
J*y Mr. MGON: The petition of Eleonora B. VVatkins,
widow of Gassaway Watklns, who \va« an officm of the
Mai j land Continenial line,in the war of the Revolution, for
the pavment of a certificate of money due to her said hus-
band, lVt August, 1780, and which eertiticate has been lost
or mislaid: referred to the Committee of Claims.
By Mr. HAMLIN: The petition of Hiram Rose and otheis,
for the establishment of a mail route fiom Waterville,in the
countv of Kennebec, to Newport, in the county of Penob-
scot, thence through Comma and Dexter, to Dover, in the
countv of Pi-cataqms.
By Mi. REUBEN CHAPMAN: The petition of Thomas
IT.irgess, of Jackson eoun ty, Alabama, for a pension and com-
pensation for his father, Abiaham Haigcss, fovservicesm the
ievolutionary war.
By Mr. MeCLEHNAND: The petition of B. F. Lemon,
postm.istei at Salem, Illinois, prayan increa<e of his com-
pensation: refenedto the Committee on the Post Oiiiceand
Post Roads.
IN SENATE.
Monday, April 20, 1846.
Mr. EVANS presented the petition of the repre-
sentative of Edward I-Iurlwell, deceased, a revolu-
tionary soldier, praying a pension; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BAG BY presented the petition of AbramP.
Housman, administrator of .Tacob Housman, de-
ceased, praying the reimbursement of advances
made for the public service during the Florida
war; which was referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
[Several messages in writing were received from
the President of the United States.]
Mr. SEVIER submitted a letter from the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, communicating infor-
mation in relation to difficulties existing in the
Cherokee nation of Indians; which, with the ac-
companying papers, was refeired to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. S. also submitted documents showing the
appropriation requited to carry into effect the treaty
with the Kansas Indians, and to negotiate a treaty
with the Chippewa, Ottawa, and Pottawatomie In-
dians; which were ordered to be printed.
Mr. DICKINSON presented three remonstran-
ces of citizens of New York against the renewal
of a patent heretofore granted to Jethro Wood;
which was laid on the tabic.
Mr. D. also presented a petition of citizens of
Erie county, New York, praying the abrogation
of certain treaties made with the Seneca Indians;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. MILLER presented the petition of the wid-
ow of McCulloh, a deceased naval officer,
praying a pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WEBSTER presented thepetition ofThom-
as JBlanclwrd, praying the extension of his patent
for a self-directing turning machine; which was re-
ferred to tho Committee on Patents.
Mr. D1X presented the petition of citizens of
Cayuga county, New York, praying the abroga-
tion of certain treaties made with the Seneca In-
dians; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. D. also presented additional testimony in
relation to the case of Jacob B. Clarke; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. D. fuit'ier presented a remonstrance of citi-
zens of Cayuga county, New York, against the
renewal of Jethro Wood's patent; which was laid
on the table.
Mr. 1). still further presented the memorial of
the New York Historical Society, praying that
books and scientific apparatus imported for the
use of philosophical and literary institutions, may
be admitted free of duty; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. D. also presented the> memorial of-the
Chamber of Commerce of New York, praying
that the independent treasury bill may not become
a law; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. D. still further presented the petition of
940 citizens of New York city, praying- that the
pilot law of 1837 may be repealed; which was laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. D. also presented a remonstrance of farm-
ers of Erie county, New York, against the re-
newal of Jethro Wood's patent; which was laid
on the table.
[A message was received from the House of
Representatives," announcing that said House had
passed the amendment to the joint resolution of
notice adopted by the Senate, with an amendment.
Also, that the House had passed a bill to protect
the rights of American citizens in Oregon, and
several private bills, in all of which the concur-
rence of the Senate was asked.]
Mr. CAMERON presented the petition of'the
daughter of James Maxwell deceased, an officer in
the revolutionary army, praying to be allowed com-
mutation pay; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented the petition of
the heirs of Colonel William Grayson, an officer in
the revolutionary army, praying to be allowed com-
mutation pay; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims.
A message from the President of the United
States, transmitting the copies of correspondence
between the Governments of the United States and
Great Britain, in relation to the right of search,
was read.
Mr. WEBSTER (who Submitted the resolution
calling for the correspondence) moved that the
message and documents be printed; which was
agreed to.
Mr. SEMPLE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which Was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Private Land
Claims be instructed to inquire info the propriety
of authorizing the legal representatives of John Rice
Jones, deceased, to locate certain lands confirmed
to him by the Governors of the Northwest and In-
diana Territories.
Mr. S. also submitted the following resolution;
which was agreed to: -
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to communicate to the Senate a list of such
lands as had been confirmed to John Rice Jones,
deceased, by the Governors of the Northwest and
Indiana Territories, and which were afterwards
rejected by the commissioners appointed in pursu-
ance of the act of the 20th February, .1812, for the
purpose of inquiring into the validity of,claims con-
firmed by said Governors.
Mr. PEARCE, from ihe Committee on the Li-
brary, reported a bill for the" relief of Elizabeth
Hamilton, widow of Alexander Hamilton; which
was read, and passed to the second reading.
The report accompanying the bill was ordered
to be printed. ; ..
Mr. SEMPLE,«from the, Committee' on the .
Post Office and Post Roads, reported a bill to pro-
vide for the transmission of the (Jiiited States mail
across the Isthmus of Panama; which was read,
and passed to the second reading.
The report accompanying the bill was ordered
to be printed.
The Senate took up the following bills, reported
from the House of Representatives, viz:
An act to amend an act approved February 24th,
1843, entitled An act to amend an act entitled an act
for the relief of George May field, approved July
27th, 1842; which was read twice, and referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
An act to protect the rights of American citizens
in the Oregon territory, and for other purposes;
which was read a first time.
Mr. SPEIGHT objected to a second reading at
this time.
An act for the relief of James Hiliman; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
An act for the relief of the heirs of William Ev-
ans; which was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
; An act for the relief of Samuel Gordon; which
■ was read twice, and referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
