1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
693
An act for the relief of John R. Williams; which
was read twice, and referred to the Committee of
Claims
An act for the relief of Charles M. Mackenzie;
which was read the first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee, on Public Lands.
THE JOINT RESOLUTION OF "NOTICE."
The amendment to the joint resolution of" no-
tice," as reported from the i-louse of Representa-
tives, was then taken up and read. [See House
proceedings of Saturday.]
Mr. ALLEN and Mr. MANGUM rose simul-
taneously, and the latter having first caught the
•eye of the President, said that there was some
diversity of opinion as to the parliamentary prac-
tice upon a (question of the character now before
the Senate. To obviate any difficulty that might
arise from that diversity of opinion; if in order, he
would move that the Senate disagree with the
amendments made by the House of Representa-
tives.
Mr. ALLEN then said that when he yielded
the floor to the Senator, he was about to move that
the Senate concur in the amendments. He sub-
mitted to the Chair which motion had precedence.
The PRESIDENT entertained the opinion that
the motion to asiree had precedence.
Mr. HAYWOOD regarded the two motions us
identical—a refusal to concur was equivalent to an
affirmative vote to disagree. They mifjlit brittj; it
up in any form they pleased. A motion to con-
cur superseded the necessity of fi motion to din-
agree. He wished the opinion of the Clmir un to
whether, in the event of the Senate refusing to eon-
cur, it would become necessary to vote allirma-
tiveiy that they disagreed? If not, the <|u™i!mis
were clearly identical, and the question of prece-
dence was of no sort, of consequence.
The PRESIDENT decided that the motion to
concur had precedence, and read the rule from the
Manual, as follows:
" The questions respecting amendments from
* another house are, first, to agree; .second, to ilis-
' agree; third, to recede; fourth, to insist; fifth, to
' adhere."
Mr. ALLEN then moved that the Senate agree
to the amendment of the House.
Mr. MANGUM asked for the yeas and nays.
The call for tho yens and nays having been sec-
onded, they were ordered.
Mr. SEVIER aslccd if there were not separate
propositions in the amendment, on which the vote
should be taken separately.
The PRESIDENT stated that, in the opinion
of the Chair, there could bo no division of the
question, as tho amendment made by the House
was a single motion, <( to strike out and insert.'1
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, read from the
"Manual" the rule reguluting the practice in vo-
ting on amendments from the other House, and
saia that he rose to inquire whether, if the motion
to agree should be carried, tho necessity of putting
the question, which appeared to bo in order, " to
disagree," would not be superseded?
The PRESIDENT replied in tho affirmative.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON inquired if there wore
not two amendments; first, to strike out, and se-
condly, to insert ?
The PRESIDENT replied that the terms Were
" strike out and insert."
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON asked a division on the
question; first, on " striking out," if in order.
The PRESIDENT regarded the amendment as
being one proposition, and decided that there could
be no division of the question.
Ilerc there wore general cries of " question."
Mr. SEVJER had supposed that the terms
"striking out" and "inserting," presented two
propositions, requiring a separate vote.
The PRESIDENT was of opinion that these
terms included but one proposition.
The yeas and nays were then-taken on Mr. Al-
len's motion to concur, and resulted as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Asliley, Atchison, Alhritpn,
Bagbv, Benton, Broese, Bright, Cameron, Cms, Du'kinnin,
Di«, Fairfield, Houston, Jeimess, Niles, Pennylmcker, Rusk,
Seropte, Sevier, and Tunioy-at. .
hays—Messis. Arclii-r, Barrow, Eemen, Calhoun,
Thomas Clayfon, John M. Clayton, Corwin, Crittenden,
Evans, Gieene, Haywood, Huntington, Jamnpn, Johnson
of Maryland, Johnson of Louisiana, Lewis, McDufhe,
Mnneum, Miller, Morehead, Pearoe, Phelps, Speight, tp-
ham, Webster, Westcott, W'oodhndge, and Yulee—29.
So the motion to concur ill the House amend-
ment was lost.
Mr. MANGUM then said that, if in order—as j beginning, the Parent Office had been an imposi-
he supposed it was—he would move that the Sen- ij lion. The first appropriations to erect that splen-
ate adhere to its amendment. He did not intend '! did building were obtained under tho solemn deela-
T.D tlin 11 m O Xtf tits* n vtvlt A! A
to occupy the time of the Senate on the question
and therefore made the motion without further re-
mark.
Mr. HAYWOOD said it would be time enough
to make that motion when the House should have
insisted on its amendment. The Senate having
disagreed to it, nw constat, the House might re-
cede.
Mr. MANGUM would withdraw his motion.
ration that the whole cost would not exceed ninety
i thousand dollars*, hutit eventually cost the country
ij about half a million! If they were to take the
j charge of agriculture into their hands, the sum now
annually expended on thisPatentOffice, ostensibly
with the view of promoting the interests of the agn-
| cultural classes, could be infinitely better appropri-
' ated. If they were to take agriculture under their
wuum wiuiujttw in* niuiuni. ■ special guardianship, let them go directly to "work,
He had 110 doubt about the parliamentary pro- | as they had with commerce. But he was entirely
priety of the case, and gentlemen near him con- 'I opposed to the present wasteful, irregular, and un-
curred in the opinion. He withdrew his motion. profitable mode of proceeding. He was opposed to
Mr. HAYWOOD rose to state the order of pro- A thisinward-workingoftheGovernmentuponaspe-
ceeding from the " Manual." Mr. Jefferson had cial matter which he verity believed did not belong
laid it down that either the motion to agree or dis- to it at all. He was also opposed to the resolution,
agree precluded the necessity for the other. j; because the printing of the document could be exe-
Mr. WKBSTKR remarked that there was now cuted, he was told,"at a cheaper rate than that pro-
nothing before the Hou>«\ posed. As to the pretensions set up for the Patent
Mr. DAVIS, having been detained from his scat ; Ofiiec on the ground of its value in promoting the
by indisposition, appeared and a^ked permission •! agricultural interests, all he knew personally was.
to record his vote, having been absent when the that the Commissioner 1 ' " '*
roll was called.
The PKKSIDENT then put the question, if, by
unanimous consent, the Senator from Massachu-
setts should have leave to record I us vote.
Mr. BE-NTOjNT asked tf the result had been an-
nounced.
The PRESIDENT answered in the affirmative.
Mr. DENTON. Then leave cannot Ik*panted.
A rule to thuteilert had been announced, ami rigid-
ly adhered to,
Mr, WEHSTKU. Yes, that is the Mile.
Mr. CUITTKNDKiN concurred in the s;mie
opinion. He saw the evil which would r<sult
fiom drpariini;' from the rule; and therefore cheer-
had annually sent him
bundle of garden-seeds, of which he (Mr. C.) dis-
posed to his friends who would take them; and
indeed he had himself once made a trial of a few
of them, and planted them in his garden, but he
found them perfectly worthless. At the end of
two years they were as far from germinating as
ever! If the reports of the Commissioner were no
better than his seeds, he (Mr. C.) therefore thought
very little of them. [A laugh.]
Mr. CAMERON insisted that almost all the re-
cent improvements in the arts in the United States
of America had resulted from the Patent Office.
The spinning-jenny and the cotton-gin were some
>f the results of the Patent Office. Hare and most
fully Kuiiendeu'd his wi.slics on ihe*<uhjeci m favor valuable seeds had resulted from the Patent Office.
of allowing his friend to reeord his vote
Mr. DAVIS did not wish to press the subject.
He readily ngrced that the objection of the Senator
from Missouri was well (bunded.
the commissioner op patkivts.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the 1
next business before it, which was a resolution
repoited from the Committee on lYiming, lecoin-
mending tho printing of twenty-five thousand co- I,  ....
nu\s of the annual report of the Commissioner of j; as the Patent Office.
fhe agriculture of Pennsyhunia was much in-
debted t<> the Patent Office. Members of Con-
gress were liberally supplied with seeds to dis-
tribute from the Patent Office. As to the cost
of printing, he had only to say, that the state-
ment made on that subject the other day, by the
SeiTator from Connecticut, [Mr. Niles,] was en-
tirely incorrect. He (Mr. C.) was indeed aston-
ished at the opposition which had been manifested
to such an excellent and valuable public institution
Patents.
The question being on the amendment moved
by Mr, jSilks, to strike out " twenty-five," and
insevt ** five,"
Mr. CHITTENDEN remarked that the docu-
ment wa« quite a voluminous one. He did not ob-
ject to it on that account* however; but rose to in-
quire whether it contained anything of the nature
of political essays upon the subject uf the protect-
ive policy.
Mr. ATHERTON had not read the document,
but he understood that it did not contain any es-
says of that sort—that is, he had been told so by
the Commissioner of Patents himself, and by cor-
tain Senators, The Senator from Arkansas [Mr.
Asiii.ky] had so informed him.
Mr, ASHLEY had been so informed by the
Commissioner; he had been positively assured
that the report did not contain any " Bundelcund-
idmM.''
A SENATOR, Any what?
Mr. WEBSTER, ito means " Ihmcomb'mm."
Mr. CAMERON, speaking from under the gal-
lery, made a few observations m support of "the
report of the committee, and against the amend-
ment. 1
Mr. CALHOUN rose and said that he should j
vote for the smallest number, and afterwards vote !
against the whole resolution* Ho objected to the |
publication of* tho report of the Commissioner of j;
Patents in the form which it had assumed—a bulky ij
collection of agricultural statistics, obtained at sec- '!
ond-hand. Indeed, he regarded the 1'uUmlOfftce in |
itself as agreat abuse. It had grown up silently and j
by artful means, to be a separate department of the j
Government. He had understood that the head of
the office went on an annual tour,and paid his trav-
elling expenses out of the appropriation. When
he was in the State Department, he had inserted in
the letter granting this leave a provision ihkt the
Commissioner should be paid out of no fund. The
very clerks in that office were nominated by the
head of the office, and the Secretary had but the'
power of vetoing his nominations. From the very
Mr. SEVIER took up the report of last year,
and said that of the five hundred and twenty,pdd
pages, of which the bulky document was com-
posed, just one and a hair pa^es were devoted to
the Patent Office. All the remainder of the volume
was composed of letters from very scientific gen-
tlemen, and very learned lecturers, and extracts
from the " Farmers* Library," the '* Farmer and
! Mechanic," and newspapers. Thirty or forty
j pages were devoted to the planting of hemp; then
| there were erudite dissertations on the rot in the
j Irish potato; learned disquisitions on the most ap-
j propriate regimen for dyspeptic hens and dropsical
! geese; and abtruse investigations into the modus
| iferandi of artificial manures! Now, all that was
j very well in its way, and he (Mr. S.) was very
> desirous to see useful practical information on
| all subjects connccted with agriculture diffused
throughout the land. But he did not believe that
Congress had any right to appropriate large sums
of the public money for the purpose of keeping
up an immense establishment, and a flock of mu-
mficcnily-paid officials, whose principal business
appeared to be the getting up of an elaborate 're-
port annually, with the help of newspapers, maga-
zines, and scissors and paste. Mr. S. then enu-
merated the various officers connected with the
Patent Office, with the salaries received by each.
He then adverted to the " seeds"and "samples of
corn,*' <fec. They were generally worthless; and it
was to be remarked that"with regard to corn, the
specimens came not from the corn-growing States
—none came from Ohio, Indiana, tne Wabash, or
Tennessee. Last year, he took home a paper of
Victoria peas, and gave them to his gardener, who
afterwards came to nim and said,f< Why, sir, you
have brought me the old-fashioned black-eyed pea!"
The fact was,, that these seeds were either pur-
chased with the Patent-dfHce money, or else were
gratuitously given to the office for the purpose of
making a character for them. In either case, he
need not say that the whole thing was improper.
Mr. BRIGHT was unwilling to have the sim-
ple question of printing embarrassed by anything
