694
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April SO,
connected with the constitutionality of the Patent
Office or the circumstances in which the building
had been erected. The information contained in
the " report" was of a kind eagerly sought for by
the agriculturists of the country. He presumed
there was nothing in it of interest to the Senators
from South Carolina or Arkansas.
Mr. SEVIER. Indeed! Why not?
Mr. BRIGHT. Their pursuits are different
from those of the great masses of the country.
Mr. SEVIER. I am a farmer, sir. I have been
a farmer ail my life.
Mr. BRIGHT proceeded. There might be
abuses connected with the Patent Office—he did not
say there were not. But he contended that the
report contained very valuable information, and
that the people were eager for it. lie was willing
to vote for tiie largest number of copies.
Mr. ASHLEY reiterated his former remarks as
to the economical character—the self-sustaining
character of the Patent Office. As to the seeds
and agricultural statistics, Congress had appro-
priated $3}G00 for the purpose of collecting them.
Whether the seeds were good, or bad, 01 indiffer-
ent, was not the question, although, if bad, it
might be a $>ood reason against the appropriation.
He (Mr. A.) was himself a former—a bad one
perhaps. He would not say that the Seuatois
from South Carolina and Aikansas were also bad
farmers.
Mr. CALHOUN. I hope not.
Mr. ASHLEY. Why, they might be very good
farmers so far as growing cotton and corn went.
And even as regarded the single product of corn,
he had no doubt that the circulation of the report
of the Commissioner of Patents had increased its j
amount five per cent, all over the United States.
And so it was with the cultivation of grasses. As
to the increase of appropriations to which refer-
ence had been made, it had only been natural; and
it was to be remarked that the larger portion of
the building denominated the Patent Officc, had
been appropriated by Congress to the "National
Iuslitute." Mr. A. again alluded to the great de-
sire—the intense eagerness—the universal aridity
with which this report was sought by the people—
that was a sure proof that it was a valuable docu-
ment.
Cries of " Question," " question."
Mr. CAMERON remarked, thatif the gentlemen
from South Carolina and Arkansas wouid go into
Pennsylvania amongst his constituents—not gen-
tlemen farmers, but men who held their own
plougits—they would see the wonderful benefits
and useful influences dispensed by the Patent Of-
fice.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, would vote for
printing the largest number of the report. It was
the most interesting of all documents, except Fre-
mont's report. As a proof of the excellence and
eminently scientific character of the reports of the
Patent Office, Mr. J. would just mention one fact.
It had been presented by the American Minister
to a scientific association in Russia, and had actu-
ally been received with marked approbation.
Cries of i( Question," u question."
Mr. SEVIER wished to say that, to the Patent
Office itself, he had no objection. It was calcu-
lated, under proper management, to be a valuable
public institution. But he contended that it had
been misdirected—converted into a bloated expen-
sive establishment, affecting to take charge of the
agriculture of the country, with which it had no
more to do than had the War Department. After
some further remaiksfrom Mr. S.,in refutation
of the idea that the popularity of the report was
any argument in favor of the propriety and justice
of expending the public money m its publication—
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment, to print 5,000 copies.
The PRESIDENT was under the impression
thst the yeas arid nays had been ordered, but was
not certain, not then having his memoiandum
before him.
Mr. JOHNSON", of Louisiana, thought they
had been ordered; but, to settle the miller, lie
would call for them.
The call haying been seconded, the yeas and
nays were ordered; and being taken, the amend- I
ment was rejected: Ayes 18, noes 31. |
DENTON' moved to amend by inserting i
40,000; and the question being' taken, it was deci- !
ded m the negative: Ayes 19, noes 25. J
Mr. MAWGUM then moved an amendment to
print 15,000; which motion was put and rejected:
Ayes 21, noes 27.
Then the question recurred on the resolution
reported from the Committee on Printing, autho-
rizing the printing of 25,000 copies; and the motion
to adopt having been put, it was agreed to.
APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. LEWIS moved that the prior orders of the
day be postponed, and that the Senate take up the
bill to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
certain objects, made for the service of the fiscal
year ending 30th June, 1846; which was agreed to.
Mr. WESTCOTT stated that he felt bound to
make his acknowledgments to the Senator from
Maine, [Mr. F.v\ns,] and to the Senator from Al-
abama, [Mr. Lewis,] for their courtesy in post-
poning this bill the other day in consequence of his
(Mr. w.'s) absence from the Senate when it was
called up. He was absent procuring from the
Treasury Department the necessary data to show
the appropriation asked for was just and reason-
able, and came in the moment after the bill was laid
a-iidc. He had now that data, and ho did not doubt it
would satisfy the Senator fiom Maine and all others.
It was true that there had been wastefulness and
extravagance in the Territorial Governments; and
the Senator from Maine was fulfilling a duty in scrii'
tinizing appropriations for their expenses, and, so
far from finding- fault, he (Mr. W.) would yield his
humble commendation for his course. , Mr. W.
said he would not deny that Florida, while a Ter-
ritory, was not exempt from the charges made by
that Senator moie than the other Territories. He
freely conceded her Territorial Legislature had been
prodigal in their expenditures, and not restricted
enough in their allowances; that they had employ-
ed unnecessary officeis and clerks, and had dis-
regarded economy in many respects. This evil
would exist in a Territorial Government from its
very nature. Mr. W. said he could not deny the
justice of the charge of extravagance made by the
Senator from Maine, because he (Mr. W.) had,
while inFlondaas the acting Executive, vetoed one
of the compensation bills passed by the Council, and
at a subsequent period, as'a member of the Council,
voted against another like bill on account of their
exceedingthe appropriation ofCongress. But what
of all this ? The appropriation now asked was not
asked for the Legislature of Florida or for the State
of Florida, but for the benefit of individuals to whom
the money was justly owing. It was asked for to
pay chiefly balances of stationers' bills, printers'
lulls, merchants' bills for candles, bills for fuel, and
such like contingencies, due as well to Wings as
Democrats, for theiraccounts incurred by the Legis-
lature of the Territory. If i t is asked wb y were these
accounts not paid, the answer is at hand. Some of
the money which ought to have gone to pay them
was applied here at the Federal treasury, to pay
others who had been allowed accounts and de-
mands by the Legislature of the Territory, which
ought not to have been preferred to these; but the
holders of which accounts were enabled to present
them first here, as the others, and particularly the
printers, had generally to delay sending theirs some
days, till their work was finished, and their bills
examined and approved by the Executive. The
rule formerly at the treasury was, "first come, first
served;" and when the printers and stationers
came, and some others also, they found the money
gone. A year ago the treasury made a pro rata
distribution among the large accounts. This was
more equitable; but all the small bills made in the
aggregate a considerable sum; and these small bills
were in some instances the very ones which should
not have been preferred. There were also, (Mr.
W. conceded,) as Mr. F.vaks contended, some de-
mands paid out of the annual appropriations which
should never have been paid outof them,and which
were expressly forbidden; and Mr. W. said this
is one of the reasons these accounts are now un-
paid; m fact, the chief reason. He admitted the
charges for the copying the laws, and for the dis-
tribution of them, were, in his opinion, too great.
But no one denies, or can deny, that these claims
now asked for arc honest, just, and reasonable. He
said he had examined as to the claims in arrears at
the First Auditor's Office, and believed them to be
correct; hut he thought the aggregate amount esti-
mated for, probably, when they came to be adjust-
ed and settled at the treasury, would fall short of
the sum asked for three or four thousand dollars.
It was impossible the Auditor could ascertain the
precise amount outstanding. Mr. W.. referred to
statements of the claims he had obtained from the
papers at the treasury, and explained them; - He
appealed to the liberality of the Senate to pay for
the chaplains to the Legislature, included in the
sum asked for. He said it was the practice, he
believed, in every Legislature in this country. He
did not understand this allowance, however, to be
objected to.
Mr. W. said, the Senator [Mr. E.] was right as
to the fourth section of the act ofCongress of Au-
gust, 184Si authorizing a settlement and payment
of all arrears up to its passage, and that the appro-
priation for that purpose was indefinite; The spe-
cific amou nt of appropriation that year was §27,125.
All the current expenses of that year were paid at
the treasury, and part of the arrears. But how "
were the arrears paid ? Not out of the indefinite
appropriation made by the fourth section referred
to, but out of the appropriation of |2T,125 made
by the act of June, 1842, and the next year's" ap-
propi iation by the act of December, 1842. So that
nearly $10,000 of the appropriation for 1843 was
exhausted for arrears before the Legislature sat in
1843, and the same as to 1844 and 1845. The
arrears were originally chiefly caused in this way.
A Senate was allowed Florida, by act of Congress,
without at the same time making an adequate ad-
ditional appropriation for the necessarily increased
expense. The pay and mileage of the members
of the Territorial Senate and House alone amount-
ed to $20,000. As to the contingent expenses, Mr.
W. said, there was paid for articles no more than
he (Mr. W.) paid at Tallahassee for similar arti-
cles. The merchant should not lose hia account
because the Legislature were prodigal of candles,
or the stationer, because it wasted the paper, or
the printer, because it had too much printing done.
The prices paid were reasonable. Owing to the
erroneous mode formerly pursued at the treasury,
the old arrears had been paid out of the annual
current appropriation till the present auditor came
in, who very properly pursued a different course.
Mr. W. admitted some of the specific extravagant
charges, pointed out by Mr. Evans,, in the com-
pensation act of the Florida Legislature^ and he
said this bill was hot to pay for them, but to pay
honest and just claims, improperly and wrongfully
deferred and postponed for these very erroneous
claims. He admitted, too, the Council had em-
ployed too many clerks; but he said that was no
reason why the stationers, and printers, and mer-
chants, should not be paid their just dues. Mr. ~W.
referred to the books of the public accounts of the
United States from the year 1842 to 1845, inclusive,
which he cited.
Mr. EVANS said there could be no.misunder-
standing of the law of 1842, which was passed
expressly to meet such cases. If there were claims
unpaid, it was" because they were not Just; it was
because the money appropriated by the Congress
of the Unite'd States.was taken by the "Territorial
Government of Florida, and put to other purposes.
Such practices were wrong, and he'wanted to see
them corrected. ' He wanted to',"See.jpo claims-al-
lowed but such as were justj m'd_ thejj th€re. would
be no deficiencies td malce.up. "'The Hw'of 1842
clearly said that no Territorial"Lfcgislatfu'e; should
expend money beyond the .sum "appropMaffed-by
Congress for their use,. Now, if the Territorial
Legislature of Florida had conformed to tfiat law,
it had not exceeded that sum, and consequently
there coul'd be no deficiencies; but if they had—•
if there were misapplications of the money, Con-
gress was not responsible. He would ask if that
system was to go on, or to be resisted at once?
Was the law prohibiting them from transcending
the provisions of Congress to be in force, or was
it to be a dead law? If the principle of the claim
were now admitted, it would extend to other Ter-
ritorial Governments, and there would be no end
to claims for deficiencies on Government. There
had been evidences already given that such would
be the case. He would not say, in the present
instance, that the Territorial Government had
taken the money for other purposes than the law
prescribed; but if it were so, it was a matter for
their prompt attention. One instance, however,
of the way money was expended was this: By the
Territorial law, it was the duty of the public
printer to furnish a copy of the laws of Congress.
The law of 1842 was contained in three or four
pages, for copying which ten dollars would have
been an ample compensation to a clerk; and yet a
