1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
695
sum of no less than three hundred dollars was paid ;
for that service. It was an examination into the
flagrant abuses of Territorial Governments that
had led to the passage of the law of" 1842, and its
express object was to arrest everything like arrear-
ages, deficiencies, and such abuses. The only
'evidence of anything like a deficiency in the pres-
ent^ instance, was the certificate of the Auditor,
which he made out by deducting the appropria-
ting made by Congress from those made by the
Territorial Legislature.
' Mr. WESTCOTT observed that there would
have heen no deficiency in the appropriations of
■ last year if they had not been exhausted by appli-
cations to discharge the arrears of former years,
and the greater part of them were to be attributed
to Congress itself. One item of expense was that
of the Legislature, $15,000; the contingent expen-
ses were above $15,000; the old arrears were up-
wards of $8,000, whilst the appropriation of Con-
gress was only $27,000. In 1842, Congress ap-
propriated that sum, but in its liberality ordered
the deficiency to be made up, which was done,
.and in the present case there could be no difficulty
in the matter if it was left to the officers of the
treasury.
Mr. HUNTINGTON observed that although
the sum asked was a small one, yet the attention
of the Senate was due to the subjcct, as it might
become a precedent foi many other demands of a
similar nature. With a positive, clear, and ex-
plicit law to meet tho case before them, he would
ask them if they were going to make the disburse-
ment in violation of it? That was the question.
That law was in force, and he hoped it would bo
continued; but if that claim was allowed, they
would have applications similar in principle, al-
though they might differ in form, from other Ter-
ritories in like circumstances. He (Mr. H.) was
unwilling to accede to the claim; and although the
sum was small, yet ho thought there was involved
. in it a clear principle to which the Senate ought
not to 'agree, but adhere to the law as it stood.
The question simply was, were they to make an
appropriation in the face and in violation of
that law ? It would be setting a most dangerous
precedent to allow any Territorial Legislature, or
officer of the treasury, to set themselves up agtunst
the law. They ought not, therefore, in clear vio-
lation of what was law, ask Congress to pay them
what they were not entitled to. And although he
(Mr. H.) felt every disposition to entortaji^ any
just claims, yet in the face of the law prohibitory
of exceeding appropriations, they were called upon
to object to the claim. lie hoped it would not be
received.
Mr. YULEE addressed a few remarks to the
Senate. He was understood to nay, in support of
the, bill, that the appropriation of Congress of
^pi.OOO in 1842, was made in advance of a knowl-
edge of the public necessities; that circumstances
■ afterwards occurred which augmented those neces-
* si&s, and caused the deficiencies alluded to; and
for that the State Government of Florida was in no
way responsible! If tho authority given to ap-
propriate tho money of Congress had been vio-
lated, it was done by the Territorial Government,
existing under the Moral Government of (lie Uni-
ted States. If the Government (as it did, for in-
stance) authorized the Legislature to sit a given
number of days,_ and the session was protracted
beyond that period, tho abuse was perpetrated by
tho Federal officers themselves; and it was hard
that those who furnished the paper and fuel should
be the sufferers. He trusted that, among other
reasons, the smallness of the amount would induce
Senators to give it their attention. They had lit-
tle to fear from the precedent. There were now
but few Territories, and no likelihood of there
being many more; for he supposed that Oregon
would be ready to demand admission as a Suite
into the Union by the time thev had established
complete jurisdiction over it to 49°.
[A voice : " There is Cuba."]
Mr. YULEE. Cuba would come in as a State.
[A voice: "And California."}
Mr. YULEE. Comparing the expenses of the
State Government with those of the Territorial,
they would find that abuses were not to be charged
on the former; if there were any, they were the
fault of the Federal Government. He trusted it
• would not be necessary to urge the claim further
on honorable Senators.
Mr. EVANS moved to amend by striking out
the words in the 28th line, "additions and appro-
priations," and inserting in their place the words,
" expenditures ordered by the Territorial Legisla-
ture beyond the appropriations made by Con-
gress." Also, to amend by inserting in the 32d
line these words: " The accounts for which shall
be audited by the proper officer of the depart-
ment.''
, The amendments were adopted.
Mr. EVANS said he now rose to move an
amendment which had been put into his hands, to
pay arrearages due to Dr. T. P. Jones. In refer-
ence to the claim of Dr. Jones, he Imd made due
inquiry, and found the facts to be thus: In 1843 a
bill passed both Houses, by which the Secretary
of the Navy was authorized to appoint a board to
make experiments on steam boilers, with a view of
ascertaining the best mode of preventing explo-
sions, and to carry out the project u sum of $>20,000
was appropriated. Professor Johnson, and Dr.
Jones, and another, were appointed as ihe board.
On this service they were engaged about eleven
months under a specific contract. Dr. Jones's
compensation was to be $300 per month—a pretty
high salary, to be sure—but regularly contracted
for with the Secretary of the Navy, who was au-
thorized by Congress. They made a great many
experiments, and he believed some of them very
valuable; and the report presented a few years ago
had been of great benefit to the country. The ap-
propriation of $:20,tltlt) was found in the course of
proceedings not to be enough, as a good deal of it
had been spent by the Secretary of the JNuvy in
getting steam-boilers, Ovr., before these gentlemen
began their work. There remained nut enough to
pay tlicir salary. The li.ilanee was unquesuonably
due to Or. Jones; the amount was rightly staled;
the services were performed, mid the report was
regularly made, lie moved the adoption of the |
amendment. j
Mr. TUKJVEY objected, as he understood the •
board had proceeded against the wish of the Sec- ;
retary of the Navy. 1 to thought they ought to be |
cautious in adopting the itmeiiimient. !
Mr. EVANS explained, anil read a communi- I
ration from the ,Secretary of I ho Wavy, staling the !
case, and showing that although the board was at j
one period directed to cuinc operations, it was sub-
sequently agreed by the board, oil reflection, that
such a slop would render useless nil that had been
done, and that the. board should proceed with their
operations, which thoy did.
The amendment w#s adopted.
Mr. EVANS further moved to amend tho bill
by omitting so much of it as related to the Texas
volunteers, and modifying that pact which related
to the Louisiana, militia, by striking off $60,000'
from tho sum $69,000, leaving the sum appro-
priated by the bill, $i),t)O0, towards their compen-
sation. He made the motion in order to obtain
some information. It appeared that four compa-
nies of Texas volunteers were received into the
service of tho United States for three months last
summer, hut when they were discharged he could
not say. The Secretary at War was called on to
know by what legal autlimily these volunteers
were admitted mto the army of tho United States,
and to show by what authority any Secretary,
, President, or anybody else, could increase tho army
|i by one man, even for one day. Tho answer of the
M Secretary, instead of giving legal authority for tho
|| net, said* the volunteers were taken into the service
Iiy his order. Now, what ho (Mr. E.) desired to
!| know from any quarter, from the chairm;\n of the
Committee on Military Affairs, who was also oil
j| the Finance Committee, and therefore well versed
jl in such matters,—what he wished to know was,
11 whether there was any authority of law for the
j! President of the United States to accept the ser-
|| vice of volunteers at any time and in any circum-
!' stances. In his (Mr. E.'s) researches, he could
11 find none whatever; and he believed it would be
ji found that the present was the first instance in the
operations of our Government in which the Presi-
dent, or anybody else, had undertaken to receive
| into the army oi the United States any volunteers,
ji or any force/whatever, which practice or law had
'' not authorized. There were abundant authorities
on the subject. There was a statute half a century
old authorizing the President, in ease of iavasjon
or imminent danger of invasion, of insurrection,
or any of those contingencies that may arise to
make it proper, to call into the service for not more
than three months the militia.of the State where
the danger was apprehended. That was authority
to call out the militia, but not voluntters, for tliay
were very different, and the law authorizing him
to call out the militia could never authorize him to
do so with volunteers. The militia were com-
posed of citizens qf the country, not likely to be
driven into any improper enterprise; but volun-
teers might be congregated under anybody, on any
service that offered inducement enough. -There
was no law by which volunteers could be employ-
ed in this country, much less abroad; and it was
the first insuince in which the President qf the
United States had accepted, without a previous
law authorizing it, the services of volunteers. If
he could do so for one day, why'not for a year, or
many years, and add to the army at pleasure? If
he could do so, where was the use of any law on
the army? This very tiling, the power of en-
larging the army, was one oi1 the strongest objec-
tions to the adoption of the Constitution of the
United States; and its defenders were hardly able
to succeed, by replying that the President could
not raise a man unless the law gave him authority.
The Secretary of War replied, the volunteers were
engaged " by his authority;" but the question still
to lie determined was, where did the Secretary find
his authority ? The time allowed the President to
raise militiu was three months, and in that time
there could not be much harm done. He hoped
the gentleman at the head of the military depart-
ment of the Government would let them know
where he found his authority; and until he (Mr.
E.) learned that, lie could not vote for the appro- '
printion. Undoubtedly they ought to be paid, as
they had been, he believed, out of the general ap-
propriations for the. army.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana. The Louisiana
militia were not paid.
Mr. EVANS replied, thoy were not volunteers
hut militia—a different thing; they were called
out by the commanding general of that depart-
ment, to be disbanded after two months' service.
He imagined the Louisiana militia were not paid,
because there were no appropriations to reach
them; but he thought it would be found the Texas
volunteers were paid out of the army fund. He
wished to know if there was any authority for ac-
cepting tho services of volunteers under thccircum-
stances. If there was, gentlemen would be likely
to know something about it.
Mr. CASS rose to correct some of the views of
the gentleman from Maine, (Mr. Evans.] There
was a discretionary power given to the President
to call upon the militia in certain cases, and he waa
left to judge when it should be advisable to do so
The gentleman could not object to "his calling upon
the volunteers instead of tho' militia, for it was his
(Mr. C.'s) impression that the President was au-
thorized to do so. The question was simply, Could
the President accept the services of volunteers in-
stead of tho mtliua? As to the time for which
they were called to serve, it was not meant that
the power of the President was limited to three
mouths; but simply that militia were not obliged
to serve after that period against their will; but the
President's power continued, and he could call
upon others to take their place as often as the three
months expired. After replying to a question of
the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Johnson,]
that Tie did not know how a call for volunteers'was
to be made, Mr. C called for the reading of the
communication of the Secretary of War to the
Committee on Finance, in reply to their inquiries
as to the employment of the troops under con-
sideration.
[The Secretary read the communication.!
Mr. EVANS read the law in relation to the em-
ployment of militia by the President. By that
law, he observed, the President was to call upon
the militia of the State most convenient. Now,
he wanted to know, if that was the only authority
existing, could the President accept the services of
volunteers—not militia—but volunteers^ from any
quarter—Indians or not? If that law did not give
it, he wished to know where was the authority by
wliich Texas volunteers were incorporated into
the army- of the United States ?
Mr. CASS again made a short explanation. He
said militia were liable to serve one year out of
two; that a large portion of the youth of the coun-
try were opposed to service in the militia; but
there was another description of volunteers, cbn-
aisting of regular companies attached to militia
regiments, that might be called out. Sometimes
