1846,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
097
Mountains, to be furnislied with useful domestic animals
and implements of husbandry, or with goods, as he shall
think proper: Provided, The whole amount of such presents
shall not exceed the sum of ten thousand dollars, and a de-
tailed and specific account of the distribution provided for in
this act shall be kept and regularly returned to the Secretary
of War, attested in such manner a.-; may be prescribed by
the President: Jirul provided, The said distribution shall be
made by the proper officers^of Government, without addi-
tional expense.-
Seo. 8. And he it further enacted, That the President of
the United States be, and he is hereby, authorized to
cause such rations as he shall judge proper, to be issued,
under such regulations as he shall think fit to establish, to
Indians who may visit the superintendency or agencies in
the Oregon territory; and a special account of these issues
shall be kept and rendered, and in no case shall the sum
thus expended exceed two thousand dollars in one year.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That convenient build-
ings shall be erected for the residence of the -superintendent
and the different agents in the territory of Oregon, under
the direction of the Secretary of War; and for this purpose
an amount not exceeding three thousand dollars shall be
expended.
Sec. 10. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the sum of thirty
thousand dollars be, and the same is hereby, appropriated
out of any money in the treasury not otherwise appropriated,
for the purpose of carrying this act into effect.
The first section of the bill being under consid-
eration,
Mr. ANDREW JOHNSON moved to amend
it by reducing, the salary of the Superintendent of
Indian affairs from $4,000 to $2,000.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON said he did not sup-
pose that the committee or the House would attrib-
ute to him any disposition to favor extravagant
salaries. He desired, however, to be liberal in this
case, because he thought that the public service
required liberality. The service to be performed
was of a delicate nature, and would require an in-
dividual of such a character as that entire confi-
dence could be jilaccd in him. The Hudson Bay
Company at this time had almost the entire con-
trol of the Oregon Indians. We wanted a man of
firmness, intelligence, and character. Through
the Indian agent had to be derived almost all tlie
authentic information given to the Government;
and we all knew how very important such inform-
ation at this time would be. The bill ought not
to authorize such a salary as would enable the
President to tender the office to any upstart who
might want a place; but such a salary as would
command the services of a man fit and competent
to be President of the United States. Such a man
would not be willing to break up his business
connexions, and leave his home for such a distant
region for the salary proposed by the gentleman
from Tennessee, -[ISlr. Johnson.] He (Mr. T.)
hoped the amendment would not prevail.
Mr. A. JOHNSON said he had no desire to
embarrass the bill, but he had proposed the amend-
ment under a conviction that a salary of $4,000
was altogether too much. The position itself was
worth a fortune without one dollar of salary; ami
a salary of #2,000 was ample to secure the nervines
of any man competent to discharge the duties of
the office.
Mr. THTJRMAN moved to amend the nmrral-
ment by striking out <$a,000 and inserting §3,000.
'And (Mr. T. said) ho would bt icfly assign his
reasons for the motion. This Indian agent or,su-
perintendent was not an officcr appointed under
ordinary circumstances. He would, to a certain
extent, have to see the laws executed in the Orc-
ein territory. He ought, to be a superior man,
for a good deal would depend upon him. Much
in relation to the peace of that country would de-
pend upon him; much, whether there should be a
conflict there or not. He ought, therefore, to be a
man of ability, weight of character, and sound judg-
ment, and not a man of mere ordinary intellect.
He thought, under these circumstances, that $3,000
would be a proper remuneration.
Mr. A-JOHNSON here suggested that a mo-
tion should first be submitted to strike out the sum
altogether, leaving a blank. It could then be nucd
up with such sum as the committee might think
P1The'motion took that form, and the question
thereon having been taken and decided in the af-
firmative—
The amount was stricken out.
Mr. THTJRMAN then moved to fill the blank
with the sum of $3,000. .
Which motion—by ayes 65, noes 54—was
BRODHEAD now moved to substitute
$4,000 instead of $3,000.
The motion was not m order.
Mr. SEDDON indicated a motion to strike out
the sixth section.
The motion was not in order at this time, but is
recurred to hereafter.
No further amendment having been offered to
the first section, it was passed over.
And the second section having been read—
Mr. YANCEY moved to strike out the sum of
#1,500 (the salary of the Indian agents) and insert
#1,000. '
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON believed (lie said)
that $1,500 was the salary received by all the In-
dian agents on this side of the mountains. Surely
the House would not give less to those on the other
side. If any discrimination at all was to be made,
he thought it should be in favor of those agents,
who were farthest removed from the settlements.
Mr. YANCEY was understood to say that he
was willing to carry out the reduction, m any
proper bill, to all the agents alike.
Mr. McKAY could not (lie said) see the neces-
sity of this second section. The act of 1834 autho-
rized the appointment of Indian agents, to be located
on this side of the mountains. But there was
another provision, which gave authority to the
President to appoint any number of sub-agents, to
be located west of the Roclty Mountains. He (Mr.
McK.) submitted, that under the power which the
President already possessed, to appoint as many
sub-agents as he pleased, there was no necessity
for tills section. Their compensation was fixed at
#750. These sub'iigctHN, with the assistance of
the interpreters, for whose appointment the bill
provided, were just ns competent to perfbim the
service required as agents.
Mr. PEPT1T was here understood to inquire,
whether the President had not, liy virtue of the
law to which the gentleman referred, already ap-
pointed an Indian agent west of the Uocky Mount-
ains?
Mr. McKAY said stieh was the fact.
There was another provision m the same net,
which authorized the Piesident to require any otli-
cer of the army to perform the duty of Indian a^ent.
There were many gentlemen here, (as had been
demonstrated in tlie course of recent debates,) who
thought that then" were a great many supernumer-
aries in the army, who had no particular duty to
attend to. If this vvas the case, and if (as he trusted)
it wus not likely that we should have a war, why
could not these duties be performed by those super-
numerary military officers ? The law empowering
the President to employ them was express and
positive. Tie moved to strike out the section.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON said tlmt the gentle-
man from North Carolina [Mr, McKay] was cor-
rect in suiting that the President Iwd the power to
appoint as many sub-agents as he thought proper,
and that their salary was fixed at $750. The ob-
ject of this bill wus to limit the number of agents
to be appointed by tlie Government to a number
not exceeding four. The reason why the com-
mittee increased the grade was, that these ollicers
were scattered at great distances from each other,
(such was the information received from the State
Department;') and the committee thought that the
highest grade of agents should he appointed—men
of character, in whom perfect trust and confidence
could be reposed. These sub-agents were, gen-
erally men that were runners through the country,
ami not such as he was willing to trust in the
delicate state of the relations which existed in that
country, where the Hudson Bay Company kept
the Indians, whose good opinion we were anxious
to secure, in pay. It was of the utmost moment
that wo should do so—that we should leave no
effort untried to win them over. Therefore it was
that these appointments should be filled by a better
order of men. The agents, as provided in this bill,
would have to go before the Senate; whereas sub-
agents could bo appointed from any quarter. There
would necessarily be more care and circumspec-
tion in the appointment of the former than of the
latter. The number of Indians was large; their
exact number was not accurately ascertained, but
the tribes numbered some fifteen or twenty, and
were scattered over the country for many hundred
miles.
As to the employment of supernumerary officers.
Wo had at this time no part of the army in Oregon.
It would not do now to detach these officers from
the army, even if the President had the power to
do so, which he doubted. Whilst attached to the
army, they could, to be sure, perform any service
of this kind; but he did not consider that the Pres-
ident had the power to detach them for this pur-
pose; and if he had, they would still have to re-
ceive their compensation.
Mr. McKAY referred to page 360 of the report
of Elijah White, who (Mr. McKay remarked) had
accepted the appointment of sub-agent, at tlie com-
pensation of $750.
Mr. THOMPSON said it was true; and it was
also true that Mr. White had now a claim before
Congress, and which had been favorably reported
on in the Senate, for the sum of seven thousand
dollars. After twelve hundred dollars had beeri
paid to him, which was the utmost sum that it
was in the power of tlie department to allow, he
now said that he had spent seven thousand dollars
beyond the $1,200 paid to him.
Mr. McKAY. On what ground?
Mr. THOMPSON. On the ground of the great
expense to which lie was subjected. The journey
took him at least four months, and he says it well-
nigh ruined him; and he now appeals to Congress
for relief. I want to get rid of all claims of this
description.
Mr. YANCEY said the fact that the Committee
on Indian Affairs have reported that this man, Mr.
White, is entitled to $7,000 extra, pretty conclu-
sively proved that the House ought not to take,
without looking into it, all that was recommended
by that committee.
"Mr. THOMPSON (in his seat.) It was the
committee of the Senate.
Mr. YANCEY (resuming.) Yes. The com-
mittee of the Senate. To the committcc of the
House I am willing to give a little more credit.
He (bought ^1,500 was tnore than was necessary
for these Indian agents. The first lieutenants of
the army received $1,000 a year, and some of the
first men in the country were in these offices. And
surely we could get intelligent and competent men
who would take this oflicc for this sum. He in-
sisted on his amendment.
Mr. ROBERTS said, it should be recollected
that lieutenants in the army had prospects of ad-
vancement and promotion, whereas these Indian
agents had none. A lieutenant, therefore, could
well afford to take $1,000, when that sum would
scarcely subsist an agent west of the Rocky Moun-
tains.
Mr. McCLELLAND, (very imperfectly heard
from the position in which ne addressed the Chair,)
was understood to refer to the Oregon jurisdiction
bill which had passed the House on Saturday, and
to say that, though he had not attacked it, yet he
had not voted for it. He thought that in many of
its provisions it was dangerous and exceptionable.
He considered this as a still more exceptionable
bill; and he thought that after the statement that
had been made by the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Mclfvr,] the section ought to bo
struck out, or that if anything of it was left, it
should be the mere regulation of the compensation
of agents and sub-agents. The fifth section of the
hill la^t under discussion provided for the appoint-
ment of Superintendent of Indian Affairs, of agents
and of sub-agents; and the only defect of the sec-
tion was, that it did not provide what the salaries
should be. All, therefore, that was required in a
bill of this kind would be some regulation as to
the salaries. He thought that the salary of $4,000
for the Superintendent of Indian A/Pairs was too
much.
It seemed to him that an examination of this
hill must satisfy the minds of gentlemen that many
of its provisions were in conflict with the Consti-
tution of the United Suites, if not with existing
treaties between the United States and Great Brit-
ain, Look at the sixth section. Let any gentle-
man demonstrate, if he could, how that section
conformed to the Constitution in relation to the
trial and punishment of crimes. He had wholly
misconceived its meaning and purpose, if it did
not direct the trial and punishment of a man with-
out jury. A more preposterous thing he had
never heard of. He nad heard of a man being
hung and tried afterwards, but this outstripped
even that absurdity. He repeated, that all that
was necessary to be done was to provide for the
compensation of these officers, and to limit their
number. Further than that he was opposed fo
going*, and if the bill was reported to the House
m its present form, he should vote against it.
Representing, as he did, a people as anxious as
any other to have tlie whole of Oregon, and nothing
