1*848'.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
699
The President (said Mr. 1.) has answered the
resolution I submitted in a way that to me is unex-
pected, and therefore, and only therefore, it is that
1 deem it necessary to say anything. I shall
premise what I have to say by this statement,
teome strong expressions have fallen from mem-
bers here as to the part that was taken, or supposed
to be taken, in this matter by me. A member
from Massachusetts [Mr. Ashmun] spoke of a
conspiracy; and a member from Connecticut, [Mr.
Dixon,] in the course of some impertinent obser-
vations, mentioned the other day—I do not recol-
lect what, nor do I care—that other persons were
combined with me in the movement. It is proper
that I should say, therefore, that if there is a con-
spirator, I am the only one. That neither the
President of the United States, nor the Secretary
of State, who was absent, nor the acting Secretary
of State at the time of the adoption of the resolu-
tions which I submitted, (with whom I had some
slight intercourse, which I will mention,) knew
anything at all of this matter. Among all the hard
things that have been said of me, I am not aware
that my truth has ever been called in question; but
when the coarse contradiction to which 1 was sub-
jected from another place, instead of being stun#)
as the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Win-
tiiropJ has said, I was at least stimulated to an
efl'ort to vindicate my truth; and for that puipoae,
I went to the Department of State, with no idea of
discovering what I did. I went for the purpose of
ascertaining what correspondence there was upon
the subject of the McLeod case, (which the Pres-
ident has thought proper to give to-tlay,) and what
correspondence, or letter, was there to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,J and to
Mr. Cushing, (for they are named in the same en-
try on the journal,) lcspecting a -special mission
to England. I say no more than this: that in
looking for these papers, in particular for that let-
ter, it could not be found; and in some extent of
research, which was required upon it, to my great
amazement, I came upon other papers, which led
me the next day in this House, without taking
counsel of any human being, to move the, resolu-
tions, and state wltat I did state. I took no coun-
sel but of my own pillow that nigh I, and the next
day came into this llousc without the knowledge
of a human being, and moved the resolutioiif), in
which it would seem from the President's answer
there were words—t.o wit: Presidents' certifi-
cates"—which I was not sulliciently acquainted
with the subject to have omitted—which were
objectionable. I will speak of that before 1 sit
down.
But first, as to what the President lias commu-
nicated. I stated that a special mission had been
called for for the purpose of settling the Oregon ques-
tion; and I appealed to the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Holmhs,] who was sitting near
me, and to the venerable gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Adams,] who were both members of
this House, and of the Committee on I'omgn
Affairs at that time, for the proof of what I said,
neither of whom denied it.
When this subject was mentioned in this House
by the member i'rom Connecticut, [Mr. Dixon, |
he said that it had not been denied by Mr. Web-
ster. Sir, said I, that is not the fact. it
grossly denied. The reported language in, "litis
is another falsehoodthese are the very words:
«Mr. I. says, nobody disputes it. 1 dispute it,
' said Mr. Webster. It' he refers to the \encra-
' ble gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Ai>a.iu.|
« for confirmation of his statement, I fancy ho will
'not get that confirmation." I will thank tin-
Clerk to read the entry of the Journal, (which the
House has authorized me t.o bring here.) and there
they will find, in the handwriting of the venerable
gentleman from Massachusetts, all I said upon that
subject.  
1'he Clerk here read the following:
SATURP4Y, a->th February, 1843—Presont, Allium, Cudi-
lm Everett, Granger, Carutliers, Meriwether, Holmes.
Meeting called by the chdiuuan yesterday. He m;:
blc to notify Mr. Stuart: Mr. Shoppr-Kl absent train
K1 Rel'olutions in relation to the Oiejou territory of the !,<•-
mslatures of Missouri and of Illinois were rend ; with n-ler-
5i.ee to which, and to a communication from tuc becrotary
of sitate to Mr. Cubing and Mr. Adams, of the wish oi the
President of the United States to institute a spec-mi mission
l°The ctenSan moved that lie bo instructed to move in the
House, as an amendment to the civil and diplomatic aPi'1'"-
raianoh bill, now under consideration >n committee of the
^Vhole on the state of the Union, an appropriation of.>k,000
tor outfit and salary of a ."pedal Envoy Extraordinary to
Great Britain, if the President should deem it necessary or
expedient to institute such a mission.
On this motion,
Adam>, Ctwlung, Holmes, voted ay.
Everett, Grander, Carutliers, Meriwether, voted nay.
But two members of the committee being ab-ent, the final
vote wa« postponed to the meeting on Tuesday next.
Resolutions of the Legislature of Alabama in favor of the
annexation of Texas to tins Union, and sundry petitions
against that measure referred to tbu> committee being con-
sidered, Mr. Adams moved that the chairman be instructed
to report thereon to the House the following resolutions.
Tuesday, 2&th February, 1843.—Present. Adams,Cushing,
liVcrett, Granger, Stuart, Shepperd, Meriwether, Holmes,
Caruthers—all the members.
The question of moving an appropriation for an ouifit
and salary tor a special minion to Great Britain was decided
in the negative.
Ayes—Adams, Holmes, Cushing.
Nays—Everett, Gtanger, sHiepperd, Stuart, Caruthers,
Meriwether.
Adjourned to Thursday, 2d March, at 1) A. M.
The Houwe will perceive, therefore, Mr. Speak-
er, (said Mr. i.,) that in the handwntm<£ of the
gentleman from Mussae.iumottH what 1 said upon
that subject is verified, and that is ail I desire to
say upon it.
With respect (if I maybe allowed here to allude
to it) to a speech that was made soon after in Balti-
more upon the subject of a commercial treaty 
Mr. ADAMS interposed, and (Mr. 1. yielding)
requested of the gentleman to produce the letter
winch he had insisted was addressed to him (Mr.
A.) by the Secretary of State at that time, propo-
sing this appropriation.
Mr. iNGKUSOLL. I request of the gentleman
from Massachusetts to produce the note which he
announced in the entry as (I think) a written com-
munication. What are the words there? (asked
Mr. I. of the Clerk.)
The extract from the above record of the Journal
was ti^ain ieud, in which " a communication from
the Secretary of Suite to Mr. Cualung und Mr.
Adams,"  Xrc., is spoken of.
Mr. ADAALS (Air. I. a^ain yielding) said the
fact that then- was an application from the fcjecre-
tury of Stale for tin appropriation for a special
minister to Ureal Uritmn, was undoubtedly true; 1
and that the appropriation requested, from the Sec- -
remry of State, at the direction of lite President, ■
was coiisalcicd m the committee and rejected by i
the committee, was also tiue. j
That any written communication to him from j
the Secretary of Stnte took plaee, he had no recol- j
lection of, and he did not believe; and if there had
been such a communication, it would have rested
in the committee-room, together with these entries
that were made in my own hand.
With respect to the fact whether this communi-
cation was made by the Secretary of State in wri-
ting or verbally, he did not know that there was
any importance eonncutod with the fact. Had he
been asked when the gentleman olfered his resolu-
tions to say whether such a transaction took place,
he should have answered it instantly. What the
gentleman proposed to make of it lie did not know.
It was possible, though, that there might have been
a communication from the Secretary of Suite to Mr.
Cushiug. lie did not undertake to say its to that
with perfect posiuwm^N.
Hut su far as related to any secrecy in this trans-
action, Mr. A. never considered there wa-s any,
nor that tin re was any treason m it, nor anything :
more than the ordinary sort of communication from i
ihe Kxerutivc Department to the Committee on ;
Foreign Allans,
Mr. INUMKSt'LL (resuming) said he knew
nothing at all of this mutter except what was writ-
ten in the handwriting of thegendenuui from Mas- :
sacbusettH upon the minutes of what might be j
called the Journal of the Committee on Foreign i
Allairs at the tune. He did not know that, it was
a sceret at that time. His atfention was called to it
by a gentleman not now a member of this House.
He certainly supposed that there was a written ;
communication, because the gentleman knew as '
well as he did that the President of the United <
States never, he supposed, calls on Congress j
through one of its committees for so important an
act as the appropriation of a large sum of money
in order to send a special mission to a foreign coun-
try without making the communication in writing.
And what brought him into acquaintance with some
other facts, was going to the department to find
that letter. He did not find it there, and he was
informed it could not be lbund. And he confessed
it excited some surprise in his mind.
The House would recollect that he said, when
I bespoke upon the Oregon question, that that diffi-
i culty was an unfortunate legacy from the Maine
1 difficulty. Lord Ashburton came here for the
!j purpose of settling both; and the language of Lord
| i Aberdeen on that subject is certainly remarkable.
|j Lord Ashburton came here to settle both: he did
|j not settle both. My impression, I confess, was—
hand I saw no very great impropriety in it—that
j| between Lord Ashburton and Mr. Webster, as
[j there were no protocols, as the whole proceeding
ij was informal, conveisational, and confidential, I
/ believe, in a great measure, and never communica-
ted to the public till it was subsequently written
down—that there was an agreement. I thought it
very likely that they had agreed that the Oregon
question should be left for future action, and for a
special mission to Great Britain, as the Maine
question was then settled by a special mission to
i| this country. And the language I find here of
;[ Lord Aberdeen to Mr. Fox is a little remarkable.
It will be found at the ]39th page of the Presi-
dent's Message and accompanying documents com-
municated to Congress at the commencement of the
present session:
I " J j^piiak of the hue of boundary we>t of the Rocky Moun-
j turns.
| " You are aware that Lord Ashburton was furnished with
! specific and detailed in>truchon*, with respect to the troat-
i meat of this point of difference between the two Goven:-
; tiifiit", m the general negotiations with which he is intrusted,
i and which he has brought to a satisfactory l.s-me.
'• For reasons which it not necessary here to state at
I length, that point, after having been made the subject of
1 conference with the American Secretary of State, wan not
further pressed. The mam ground alleged by his lurdsthip
; h>r ah-taming from proposing to carry on the di*cu*Mon with
teji|>C( t tci the question of the northwotcin boundary, was
i the upprehen-iion 1cm. by so doing, the settlement of the far
, more important mattei oi tuc northeastern boundary should
j be impedt d, or expo.-cd to the hazard of failure."
1 I stated this (said Mr. 1.) because I believed it to
i be a fact, and 1 think I have abundantly proved it.
The next subject onwhuh the President has
: mude no answer, is the case of McLeod; and on
| this, also, I wish to say a few words. 1 stated,
on what 1 believe strong authority, that the Exeo
■ utive of the United States had attempted to influ-
; cih'c the constituted authorities of the State of New
i York to pievent the trial and procure the release
i of McLeod. That i« the substance of what I
I stated. 1 stated, if I am not mistaken, that a letter
marked " private" was sent from the Secretary of
State to the Governor of New York. I acknowl-
edge that, in the course of my statement, some
things that I knew had not been personally said
by the Secretary of State were mentioned as pro-
ceeding from him, because he directed them to be
sent, was the prime mover in the whole business,
and whatever was said by his agent was in fact
said by him. I have another motive for stating
this: I know that the bearer of the public instruc-
tions, a gentleman highly esteemed, whose mame
1 did not desire lo connect at all with this transac-
tion, whom I believe incapable of doing anything
wrong—but I did not wish to introduce the name
of Mr. Oittenden at all—I know that gentleman
has, within a few days, explained his agency in
this transaction, and f cannot perceive any very
smit tlillVrence between Mr. Crittenden and
j myself. 1 will ask the Clerk to read a few lines
: from a New York newspaper, which some kind
friend has sent to me latterly. It is an extract
from a speech of Mr. John Young, who, I under-
■ stand, is a highly respectable and prominent Whig
; member of the Assembly of the New York Legis-
j lature.
The Clerk read the following:
''All recollect when a British armed force from Canada
invaded our shores, cut out and burnt a steamboat, and mur-
dered a citizen. I recollect it, and I recollect also the sen-
! nation which ran through the community in which I live. I
1 recollect well, as that feeling progressed through the State,
that it  eempd with us to embrace the entire West. I recol-
lect that very well. Tune parsed along, ami the person
charged with that murder, m violation of our Jaws, was ar-
reted and held to trial. I)o you recollect another tmng, and
how far public feeling sustained the then Governor ia the
course he pursued? I recollect that all ttie influence of all the
public functionaries at Washington came down ftcre at the cait-
ital to mpprc-is that trial. Alfthe power of the General Gov-
ernment w:e? brought to bear on the Government of tins State
to prevent that trial. They were alarmed at the idea ot in-
curring the danger of a war with Great Britain. Do you rec-
ollect—does the gentleman from Putnam, and does the gen
tteman from St, Lawrence leeollect—the high ground the
Executive took on that occasion ? 
Well, sir, I beg leave now to say a single word
: further. I think, with great respect and deference
| to Mr. Crittenden, that there must be some little
' error m his recollection of this case. He says that
