TOO
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
lie went on that mission; he says that he received
instructions from the President, General Harrison;
that he talked with General Harrison on thesubjcct;
that General Harrison sanctioned what was done.
I am aware that General Harrison was responsible
for what was done—that General Harrison knew
perfectly well what was done; but what I stated
was, that Mr. Webster was, in respect of that mat-
ter, de facto, President of the United States. Mr.
Crittenden left heie the 35th March, 1841; General
Harrison was inaugurated on the 4th March, nine
days only before; and General Harrison, in his
Inaugural Address, delivered on the 4th March,
says:
k*It is ray intention to use every means in my power to
preserve the friendly intercourse which now so happily ex-
ists with every foreign nation, and that, although, of course,
not iceU informed us to Ike state of 'pending negotiations with
any oj ikem," Sec.
General Harrison must, and I have no hesitation
in stating it—I take it for granted, that he must ,
have deferred largely to the advice and sugges-
tions of his Secretary of State. I cannot help
thinking, therefore, what I said before, as to this
matter being done by the Secretary of State. And
there is nothing in that, respect in which 1 can be
fairly contradicted, even as a matter of mistake.
What 1 stated was upon the most responsible au-
thority, upon no confidential communication, and
I can hardly believe will be in any respect gainsaid
by the eminent personage from whom I received
it; and it was merely for the purpose of vindica-
ting the truth of my assertions, it was for that pur-
pose, and that alone, that 1 went to the Department
of State, not asking anything, not dreaming of
anything there to do what has been called changing
the issue.
With respect to the charges I made on the 9th
of this month, I repeat them. 1 say upon my re-
sponsibility as a member of this body, and as an
individual, that the charges i then made ere not
only facts, that they are not only the truth, but
they are directly, easily susceptible of proof from
the Department of State.
A gentleman inquired what were those charges?
Mr. INGERSOLL. The charges of Mr. Web-
ster's having taken into his possession the contin-
gent service fund, which was never done cither
before or since; secondly, his having applied a
portion of that fund to corrupt the party press;
and thirdly, of lus having left office indebted to
that fund, and of his not being able to settle that
debt until nearly two years after he went out, and
just before the picsent Administration came into
power. All this is true. And 1 say fuither, us I
said before, that I know little, very little, of what
more 1 presume exists and can lie proved; be-
cause, ever since I made that statement, I have
conceived both the propriety and policy of my
situation to be a passive silence, and to leave the
matter to take its own course.  
And now 1 say, m conclusion, that I shall not
make any further movement on this subject; that
it does not appear to me, or the friends I have con-
suited, that 1 am the proper pcison to doit. After
all that has passed, it is for others to say whether
any further movement shall be made, and what it
shall be. All I have to say is simply to repeat the
charges that I have made, with the asseveration
that they can be proved; and I think it is obvious,
from the President's response, that the proofs of
these charges are attainable; and that, had I omit-
ted ia my resolutions the words '• the President's
certificates," the proofs would have been here be-
fore now. It is not for me to call for them. I
have done a very disagreeable duty—a duty, 1 as-
sure the House, it was painful for me to perform; j
and all I netd add is, that the charges arc true, and |
may be easily proved. \
3ftr. T. B. KING was understood to remark j
that any member of this body who, for any pur-
pose whatever, rose in this House to assail, m any ;
form, the reputation of any man, but especially of ;
any citizen of the United States who had held the >
highest position, except two, in the gift of the pco- j
pie or the Government of the United Suites, was
bound to substantiate his chanjcs, or else they
would recoil with redoubled force upon himself.
When the honorable gentleman from Penusyh ania
made these charges, which were now lying before
him, on the 9th of February last, he confessed he
was very greatly .surprised, for-it had never enter-
ed into his mind—he had never heard, among all
the slanders of the day, that the Government of
the United States had, at any time, or in any man-
ner, attempted to interfere with the progress of
justice, or the execution of the laws of the State
of New York.
Mr. BURT rose to a point of order, and object-
ed to the gentleman's proceeding, on the ground of
irrelevancy; but after some conversation, waived
his objection, and
Mr. KING proceeded. He was going on to
say that in all the charges heretofore made, he had
never, before the charges of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania of the 9th Febuary last, heard it
intimated that there was any attempt oil the part
of the Administration of the General Government
to interfere with the execution of the laws, or the
course ofjustice in the State of New York, or that
the Secretary of State at that time had acted any
part unbecoming him as an officer of the Govern-
ment, or done what was not strictly his duty to do.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania thought he
had substantiated the charges made by him on the
9th of February last. With all due respect, he
was forced to differ from the gentleman, rle (Mr.
K.) thought he should be sustained by the House
and the country in his opinion, that he had not sub-
stantiated any single item of the charges he then
preferred.
The gentleman had declared in his remarks,
which were personal to Mr. Webster, that Mr.
Webster wrote a letter marked " private," and he
believed the gentleman said he wrote as many as
three letters m one day.
Mr. INGERSOLL here made a remark, which
was entiicly lost to the reporter.
Mr. KING (continuing.) They were all pub-
lic letters except one; and that——
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON rose to a point of order,
which, after considerable conversation, he placed
in the following form:
That the letter referred to by Mr, King, nor a
copy of that letter, not being a part of the message
of the President, and therefore not before the
House, it was not in order to discuss it.
The SPEAKER, referring to the difficulty of
drawing thepreciselimitto which the debate should
be confined, and to the extent to which the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania had been indulged, decided
that the fact being referred to in the Message that
no such letter was to be found in the Department
of State, it formed a part of the subject-matter of
the communication of the President, and might be
discussed.
Mr. HOUSTON appealed from the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. WINTHROP required that the point of or-
der should be reduced to writing.
After some conversation, this was done, but it
subsequently appearing that the point of order had
been based on a misapprehension of the state of
facts, no further proceedings took place in relation
to it.
Mr. KING (resuming) said he would like to ask
the honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania, and
every member of this House, in what particular
the gentleman had substantiated the charges made
by him on the 9th February, against the Secretary
of State in J841? The main body of the charge
was, that the Government of the United States had
interfered with the administration of justicc in New
[York. Where was the evidence to sustain this?
, Not the slightest particle had been brought for-
1 ward.
; The private letter addressed by Mr. Webster to
j the Governor of New York, (which was read by
i Mr. Webster in his reply to these charges in the
j Senate,) did not contain the slightest proof of any
t intention of any such interference.
j It afforded Mr. K. no pleasure, but very great
! pam, to have anything to say upon such a subject.
1 But the gentleman from Pennsylvania had brought
; it upon himself. He had failed to substantiate the
' charges first made, and without scarcely alluding
;j to them, he conies forward again, and brings other
i' charges of a more grave and important nature;
i: and these also he had failed to substantiate, but told
■ them that they were true, and that the records
' which the President declined to communicatc would
j' prove them so. Mr. K. proceeded to argue the
probability that the evidence would not have been
'j withheld by the President had there been evidence
\ in the department to sustain Mr. Ingersoll's
,! charges.
I am authorized to state (continued Mr. I£.)
that not .one cent was disbursed out of that fund
without the written sanction or authority of the
President.
That not one dollar was paid to any connexion,
or personal or political friend of the Secretary of
State.
It appears that the sum of $4,500 was expended
while Mr. W. was Secretary of State, out of the
fund for foreign intercourse, m the years 1841 and
1842. .
Very proper objects of this expenditure may be
easily imagined or suggested in those years.
In the year 1841 the whole northern frontier was
in a continual state of agitation, created by the
Patriot Society or Hunters' Lodges, as they were
called. These were secret political clubs, organ-
ized and existing at various points, from Ogdens-
burgh up to Lake Huron. Their object was to
make incursions and commit outrages in Canada,
and by this means to provoke retaliation and to
carry on a border war. They are known to have
gone the length even of arranging for an army, to
be called the army for the deliverance of Canada.
It will be remembered that General Scott was
sent to the frontier, and General Brady command-
ed at Detroit. It was necessary to find out the
purposes of these secret clubs. They were found
out. Their constitution, organization, and commis-
sions, all were found out, and the military authori-
ties of the United States were kept advised of their
movements and purposes.
All this source of disorder and mischief was
dried up and cut oif by the extradition article of
the treaty of Washington.
A second source of expenditure to some small
amount was found, no doubt, in the negotiation or
the negotiations in respect to several subjects in
1842. Confidential agents, it is understood and
supposed, were sent to confer with the Governor
of Maine, and other things were done, and neces-
sarily done, which the public interest did not allow
to be made known to other Governments. Publi-
city here would be, of course, publicity every-
where.
In the third place, it came to my knowledge,
and therefore I can now allude to it, without being
particular, that, in 1841 and 1842, what was con-
sidered a very important service was' performed
and paid for out of this fund, by order of the
President, in a matter much connected with the
peace of one portion of the United States. And I
was consulted confidentially, as a member of Con-
gress from that portion of country. It is not pro-
per, perhaps, even now, to speak more particularly.
But of one thing I am sure, that there are gentle-
men in this House who voted for the resolution of
the honorable member from' Pennsylvania, who,
if they had known what I knew, would sooner
have put their heads into the fire than to have join-
ed in any vote derogatory to the honor and char-
acter of the able and distinguished Senator, who
was at that time at the head of the State Depart-
ment, in regard to the disbursements by him, un-
der the orders of the President, out of any fund
placed by law at the President's disposal.
There was nothing more common or more ne-
cessary, at times, in this Government and in all
Governments, than to employ secret-service funds
in the negotiation of treaties.
Mr. K. referred to the statement by Mr. Adams
in the previous debate, respecting the use of this
fund during Mr. A.'s Administration, and yielded
to Mr. A., who made an explanation on this sub-
ject, which (from his turning away) was entirely
lost to the reporter, (but the purport of which may
be inferred from Mr. K.'s subsequent remarks.)
| Mr. KING (resuming) said it appeared from the
| explanation of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
that he did actually give authority to use the whole
$30,000, but in fact that but $8,000 of it was used,
upon his certificate, at the time, which was almost
twice the amount ($4,480) expended under Mr.
Tyler's Administration; and of this it should be
remarked $1,000 was expended after Mr. Webster
left the office of Secretary of State. This sum, he
i said, was used by President Tyler during the
i troubles on the northeastern boundary and the
> northern frontier, and his only astonishment was
i that a greater sum had not been found indispensa-
j bly necessary.
! Mr. K. proceeded at some length further to ar-
gue, that as the accounts were settled, and could
only be settled by the President's certificate, the
President, and not the Secretary, was responsible,
and (if any one) should be arraigned. If this in-
