702
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April®!,
recede from its amendment to the amendment of
the Senate5"
Mr. BAYLY rose to make a few remarks.
Some further discussion arose on incidental
points of order, leading to no action, in wjjicli
Messrs. TIBBATTS, ASHMUN, BAYLY,
CHAPMAN, S. JONES, and the SPEAKER,
participated.
Mr. BAYLY (whose property the floor was)
then said: I had desired, Mr. Speaker, to submit
a few remarks; but friends around me, on this
side, are anxious that there should be nodebate.
1 therefore forego the strong inclination I hare to
address the House, and move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. PETTIT moved that the House adjourn.
But the House again refused to adjourn.
The question was then taken on the demand for
the previous question, and there was a second.
And the main question was ordered to be now
taken.
The yeas and nays thereon were ordered, and,
after some conversation on the effect of the vote
on subsequent proceedings, were taken, and result-
ed as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Jolm Quincy Adams, Stephen
Adams, Arnold, Ashmun, Atkinson, Bamnuei, Ba\ly, Bell,
James A. Block, Rlanchswl, Milton Brown, Buit, John H.
Campbell, John G. Chapman, Augu-tus A. Chapman, Reu-
ben Chapman, Cooke, Coilamer, Cianston, Crozier, Dar-
gan, (in leu Davis, Deiano, Dixon, Dockcry, John II. Fav-
mg, Edwin H. Ewme, Foot, Gentry, Giles, Goodyear,
Graham, Gmler, Gunnell, Hamp'on, Harper, Ihlhaid, Ellas
B. Holmes, Isaac £. Holmes, Hopkins, Edmund W. Hub-
ard, Samuel 1>- Hubbard, Hudson, Washington Hunt,
Hunter, Joseph R. Insjersoil, Thomas B. Km;, Leake,
Lewis, Ligoti, McCraie, McGaughev, McHenry, Marsh,
Miller, Mo&elev, Payne, Pendleton, Pollock, Julius Rook-
well, Jolm A. "Rockwell, Root, llunk, Sehenck, Seaman,
Seddon, Sevciance, Simpson, Truman Smith, Albert Snntli,
Caleb B. Smith, Stanton, Stephens, Stewart, Stiohm, Tbi-
bodeau\\ Tdden, Tredway, Trumbo, Vinton, White, Wm-
throii. Wood, Woodward, Wright, and Yancey—&>.
NAYS—Messrs. Andeison, Benton, James Black,
1; iw'iin, llti\ (1, Bioilliead, \Vilij.jin G. Brown, Cathcart,
Chase, Chipm.m, Clarke, Cobb, Cullom, Cummins, Cun-
ningham, Daniel, Jefferson Davis, Do Mott, Dillingham,
Dobbin, Douglass, Dromfroole, Dunlap, Kidman, I'.nan,
Fickhn, Foster, Fues, Garvin, Gordon, Grover, Hamlin,
Haralson, Rarmanson, Hose. Hough, George S. Houston,
Ilungerford, James B. Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Jenkins,
James H. Johnson, Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson,
Gsot?e W. Jones, Seaborn Jones, Kennedy, Preston King,
Lawrence, La Sere, Lumpkin, Maclay, McClelland, Me-
Clemand, McConnell, James McDowell, MeKa.v, Jolm P.
jVIaitin, liarkley Maitnt, Morns, Moulton, Noiris, Owen,
Parrish, T'emll, Petnt, Piielps, Price, Itathblin, Reid, Relfo,
IMtei, Roberts, Sawtelle, Sawyer, Scammon, Leonard 11.
Sun-, Thomas Smith, ltobeit Binitb, Staikwrather, St.
John, Strong, H\kes, Jacob Thompson, Tbuiman, Tibbatls,
Y\Vnr'V''ii'!h. Wlieaton, Wick, Williams, Wilmot, Wood-
jlift, Yell, and Yost—95.
So the House decided that it would not recede
from its amendment to the amendment of the
Senate.
Whereupon the question recurred on the motion
of Mr. Roijerts, to wit:
"Will this House insist on its amendment to the
amendment, of the Senate?'1
Mr. DROMGOOLE asked the yeas and nays,
which were ordered.
Mr. HARALSON (to the Speaker.) Is it in
order now to ask for a committee of conference?
The SPEAKER. The proceeding is not regu-
lar; although there is nothing in the rule to pre-
vent it at this time.
Mr. HARALSON. I make the motion.
After a brief conversation on a point of order,
Mr. OWEN said, I modify my motion so as to
insist, and to ask a committee of conference.
The previous question was asked, and seconded,
and the mam question was ordered.
Which main question was on insisting, and ask-
ing a committee of conference.
Mr. W. HUNT and Mr. COLLAMER de-
manded a division of the question, which was or-
dered.
And somefttrther conversation followed on points
of order, in which Messrs. G. S. HOUSTON, W.
HUNT, TIBBATTS, and the SPEAKER, parti-
cipated .
And the main question, "Will this House insist
on its amendment to the amendment of the Sen-
ate was then taken, and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Anderson, Atkinson,
Benton, Biggs, James Black, James A. Blaek. Bowlin,
Brodllead, William G. Brown, Catheart, Cbasn. Chipman,
Clarke, Cobb, Cullom. Cummins, Cunningham, Daniel,
Jefferson Davis, De Mott, Dillingham, Dobbin, Douglas-,
Diomgoole, Dunlap, Erdman, Faran, Ficklin, Foster, Fries,
Garvin, Goodyear, Gordon, Grover, Hamlin, Haialson, Hai-
manson, Hoge, Hough, George S. Houston, James B. Hunt,
Charles J, Ingersoll', Jenkins, James H. Johnson, Joseph
Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Seaborn Jones,
Kennedy, Predion King, Lawrence, La Sere, Levin, Lump-
kin, Maclay, McClelland, MeClernand, McConnell, James.
McDowell, McKay, John P. Martin, Barkley Martin, Mor-
ns, Moulton, Norris, Owen, Parrish, Peirill, Perry, Pettit,
Phelps, Price, Rathbun, Reid, Relfe, Ritter, Roberts, Saw-
telle, Sawyer, Seammon, Leonard H. Sims, Thomas Smith,
Robert Smith, Stantou, Rtaikweather, St. John, Strong,
Sykes, Jacob Thompson, Thurman, Tibbatts, Wentwortli,
Wheaton, Wick, Williams, Wilmot, Woodruff, Yell, and
Yost—101.
NAY S—Messrs. Abbott, John Q.. Adams, Arnold, AsUmuii,
Barnnger, Bayly, Bell, Blanchard, Brockenbrough, Milton
Biowu, Burt, John H. Campbell, John G. Chapman, Augus-
tas A. Chapman, Reuben Chapman, Cocke, Collamer, Cran-
ston, Ciozier, Dargan, Garrett Davis, Delano, Dixon, Doek-
ery, John H. -Ewing, Edwin H. Ewing, Foot, Gentry, Giles,
Graham, Grider, Giiimell, Hampton, Harper, Milliard, Elias
B. Holmes, Hopkins, Edmund W. Hubard, Samuel D. Hub-
bard, Hudson, Washington Hunt, Hunter, Joseph R. Inger-
soll, Thomas B. King, Leake, Lewis, Ligori, McGaughey,
McHemj, Marsh, Miller, Morse, Moseley, Payne, Pendle-
ton, Pollock, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Root,
Rank, Sehenck, Seaman, Seddon, Severance, Simpson,
Truman Smith, Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stephens,
Stewart, Strohni, Tlnbodeaux, Tbomasson, Tilden, Tred-
way, Tiunibo, Vinton, White, Winthrop, Woodward,
Wiight, and Yancey—82.
So the House determined that it would insist.
The SPEAKER then declared the question to
be, on the appointment of a committee of confer-
ence; and announced the decision to be, that such
a committee should be ordered.
Mr. DROMGOOLE, who had addressed the
Chair whilst the Speaker was in the act of announ-
cing the decision, but had not yet announced it,
rose to a point of order.
The SPE A KER said it was too late. The de-
cision had been announced.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said that he liad distinctly
addressed the Chair before the final result was an-
nounced. He submitted that now that the House
had decided to insist on its amendment, the proper
time for the appointment of a committee of con-
ference would be, when the answer to that deter-
mination of the House camefrom theSenate. Such,
he submitted, was the true parliamentary proceed-
ing.
The SPEAKER said this question of order came
too late. The matter had passed from before the
House. The House had voted affirmatively on
the proposition for a committee of conference, and
had now no question before it.
The question of fact as to time became a matter
of some animated conversation, in which Messrs.
DROMGOOLE, R. CHAPMAN, A. JOHNSON,
and McCLERNAND participated; when
Mr. CHAPMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the committee had been ordered.
Mr. ROBERTS inquired, as a point of order,
whether the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Chap-
man] had voted with the majority ? But, as a prior
proceeding to the settlement of this question, he
moved that the House adjourn.
But the House would not adjourn.
And the question recurring on the motion to
reconsider,
Mr. RATHBUN demanded the previous ques-
tion, which was seconded, and the main question
(on the reconsideration) was ordered.
Mr. HAMLIN was now understood to recur to
the question of the competency of Mr. R. Chap-
man to move the reconsideration, on the ground of
his not having voted in the majority, or at all.
Mr. CHAPMAN. There was no division.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman did not vote
at all, he is considered as voting with the majority.
Such has been the uniform construction.
Tellers were ordered on the main question, and
Messrs. Ashmun and Douglass were appointed.
The count was taken.
The tellers could not agree as to the result.
Mr. DOUGLASS said, there was so much con-
fusion, that the tellers could not say precisely what
the vote was; but he thought it was a tie. He did
not, however, speak positively.
A second count was ordeied, and the vote was
declared to be—ayes S9, noes 62.
So the vote was reconsidered.
The question then again recurred on the appoint-
| ment of a committee of conference.
| And, pending this motion,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
|j Tuesday, Jlpril 21, 1846.
} As soon as the Journal was read,
The following message was received from the
!! House of Representatives:
Mr. President: The House of Representatives
Insist on their amendment to the amendment of the
Senate to the joint resolution of notice to Great
Britain to annul and abrogate the convention be-
tween Great Britain and the United States, of the
6th of August, 1827, relative to the country on the
northwest coast of America, westward ofthe Rocky-
Mountains. They ask a conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses, and have ap-
pointed Mr. C. J. Ingeksoll, Mr., Owen, and
Mr. Milliard, managers to conduct the said con-
ference on their part.
The Senate having agreed to take up the mes-
sage for consideration,
Mr. ALLEN then said: If it be in order—and
I am not certain whether it be or not, the House
having appointed a committee of conference with
this body—I move that the Senate recede.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator move
that the Senate recede from its own amendment,
or from its disagreement to the amendment of the
House of Representatives ? -
Mr. ALLEN said his motion was to recede
from the Senate's disagreement to the amend-
ment of the House, if that motion was in order.
The PRESIDENT. Is the Senate ready for
the question ?
The yeas and nays were called for; but before
the call was seconded,
Mr. CALHOUN inquired, Has the Chair pro-
nounced the motion to be in order?
Mr. MANGUM then rose before the Chair re-
plied, and said: The Senate is not now full, and"!
think all will agree that it is very desirable that
on this subject a full expression of its opinion
should be given. I suppose the motion to be quite
in order; but I hope that the mover will consent
that it lie over for some time. I move, therefore,
that the further consideration of the motion of the
honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr. Allen] be
postponed till one o'clock. I hope the Senator will
assent.
Mr. ALLEN. I understand the desire express-
ed by the Senator from North Carolina is, that this
motion be postponed till one o'clock to-day. I
have no objection to that.
The question was then taken on the motion to
postpone till one' o "clock; arid it was unanimously
agreed to.
Mr. HAYWOOD rose and said, that there
seemed to be some irregularity in this proceeding.
The first motion, as it appeared to him, should be
a motion to 
Mr. SEVIER here interrupted the Senator,
suggesting that there was no question before the
Senate, and that the remarks of the Senator were
not in order.
Mr. HAYWOOD yielded, expressing his grati-
fication to learn that there was some respect paid
to oi;dcr.
PETITIONS.
Mr. SEVIER presented the memorial of Sam-
uel W. Bell, praying .compensation for his services
in aiding in the negotiation of a treaty with the
Seminole Indians; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a meiporial of
sachems, chiefs, and warriors of the Tofiawartta
hand of the Seneca Indians, praying to be exempt-
ed from the operation of the treaties of 1838 and
1842, between the United States and the Seneca
Indians; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented the petition of
Isaac Davenport, representative of Joseph Daven-
port, deceased, a revolutionary soldier, praying a
pension; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. F. also presented a remonstrance of citizens
of Danville, Maine, against the discontinuance of
the bounties allowed to vessels engaged in the cod
fisheries; which was laid on the table.
Mr. DIX presented a memorial of citizens of
New York, praying the adoption of measures for
enforcing the rights of American vessels trading
with the port of Buenos Ayres, against the block-
ade of that port by the British and French forces;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
| Relations.
j Mr. CORWIN presented a remonstrance of
> citizens of Ohio, against the renewal of Jethro
I Wood's patent; which was laid on the table.
! Mr. BENTON presented two petitions of officers
