THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
703
of the army, praying the establishment of a mili-
tary asylum for the support of invalid soldiers of
the army of the United States; which was refer-
red to the. Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. ARCHER, presented a memorial numer-
ously signed by citizens of Pennsylvania, praying
an alteration of the naturalization laws; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. "WOODBRIDGE submitted the following
resolution; which was agreed to :
_ Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report to the Senate such information,
not heretofore communicated, relative to the char-
acter and actual condition of the mineral regions in
the Lake Superior country, within the State of
Michigan and the Territory of Wisconsin, aa may
remain in the Treasury Department, and especially
the reports supposed to have been recently made
to the General Land Office of the mineral surveys
undertaken by the late Dr. Houghton.
Mr. W. also submitted the following resolution;
which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War cause
such information, not heretofore communicated,
relative to the condition of the mineral regions in
the Lake Superior country, relative to the progress
made by individuals, or associate companies of in-
dividual adventurers, in opening ami working the
copper or other mines there, and especially the
report or reports of any agent or agents employed
by the War Department ill those regions, if any
such have been made to the said Department, not
heretofore communicated to the Senate.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies over:
Resolved, That the St'crelnry of War be directed
to transmit to the Senate lite, proceedings of the
court of inquiry, of which Brigadier Cxenuml Wool
was president, lately heltl at Springfield, (Massa-
chusetts,) to inquire into curtain charges u^uiiist
J. W. Ripley, superintendent of the armory at
that place, together with the testimony and proof
taken by said court.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. ASl-lLIiY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the bill for the relief
of Abraham IS. Fanning, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, rcpoited a bill for the. relief of
Edward Bolen, of Florida; which was read, and
passed to the second reading.
THE TAKIFF.
Mr. DIX moved to postpone the prior orders,
and that the Senate take up the bill to amend an
act entitled " An act to provide revenue tiom im-
' ports, and to change and modify existing laws
' imposing duties on imports, and for other pur-
' poses;" which motion whs agreed to; anil the
bill being considered as in committee of the whole,
Mr. D. stated that, ho would he under tlie neces-
sity of leaving the city 011 the UStli of the present
month for a few days, and it was probable that
the bill might be reached in its regular outer on
the calendar before his return. Being desirous of
being present when the bill was taken up, lie
moved that it be made the special order of the day
for Monday, the lltli of Alay; which motion was
agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, piusunnt to no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to mfrodure a bill_
to conlirni to the heirs and legal representatives el'
Pierre Dufresnc, Hie title to a certain tract of laud;
which was read a first and second lime, and re-
ferred to the Committee 011 1'rivate Land Claims.
Mr. MOREilliAD moved to postpone the prior
orders of the day, in order to take up the bill tor
the relief of John 1'. Skinner, and the legal repre-
sentatives of Isaac Greene; which was agreed to.
The bill was taken up, read a second time, and
considered in committee ol' the whole.
Mr. SEVIER called tor the reading of the report
of the committee reporting the bill, which was or-
dered; and after some conversation ill relation
thereto between Senators PHbLI'S and N ILbS,
the bill was laid on the table for the present by
unanimous consent.
THE MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
The hour of one o'clock having amved,
Mr. ALLEN rose and moved that the Senate
now proceed to take up the message from the
House of Representatives.
Mr. HAYWOOD then said, that when callcd to
order, he was about to submit to the Senate that
the question, which was properly before it, was,
whether it would grant its consent to the appoint-
ment of a committee of conference with that ap-
pointed by the House. A committee of confer-
ence was a committee raised under the joint rules
by the concurrent action of the two bodies; and u,
proposition to refer a question to that committee
was a motion to refer the main subject, and a mo-
tion to refer had precedence of the settlement of the
main question. That, therefore, was the only mo-
tion then in order, unless it was the intention of
the Senator from Ohio to refuse to concur in the
proposition of the House of Repic^entatives for a
committee of conference, and to proceed at once to
dispose, of the question. He (Mr. H.) did not
suppose that that wjw the intention of the Senator.
He submitted the question to the decision of the
Clmtr. Considerations of politeness und courtesy,
it seemed to him, were alone suilicient to induce
tlie .Senate, to give precedence to the motion to jj
rtiise a committee of conference. If the Senate en-
tertained a proposition to recede, it would be equal-
ly in order to entertain a proposiiion to insist, and
then to adhere, thu* completely overriding the nies-
! sage of the, other Ilou.se as to the conference. H
: They would thus ha\e decided the question aw to '•
which they disagreed before the conference had jj
.taken place. Hesubmitad to the Chair whether ;!
the appointment of a committee of conference was !'
, not iirst m order. ,
! Mr. ALLKN remarked, that it seemed to him I;
that the question made by him h.id precedence of j;
1 that submitted by tin Senator from -North (Enroll- j
tin. lie (Mr. A.) had made a motion which re- 'i
lated solely to then- own action. If the Senate re- !i
: ee«led from what it had done, then the House had |j
■ no diil'erenee with it, and of course there was noth- j'
: tug on which to appoint a committee of conference, ji
; The motion to recede, therefore, m the natural or- 'j
der of flunks, appeared to be the propel one. If ,1
die Senate refused to recede, then Would arise the 1
ease m which it would be pioper to consider j
. whether or not a committee of eoufemue fdiould ,
' be appointed. P>ul the question now was upon his
1 (Mr. A.'s) motion whether the. Senate would agree
; to undo the thin# which K had done, and by doing
■ which the difference between the two Houses had
' originated. If the Senate should recede, the dif-
' fereneo would be at once ended, and no committee
. could ho necessary. If the Senate refused to re-
1 cede, then, and then alone, would the question of
appointing a conumttte«? necessarily and properly
. arise. He submitted, then, without at al) prctend-
j in«,v to be deeply skilled in the knowledge of the
! rules on this Hubject, whether the view he had
j presented was not the common-sense view, if he
' might be allowed so to designate it?
j ivir. HAYWOOD replied that he did notfeel any
pai ticular interest in the matter. A proposiiion for
a conference was a motion to reiVrn disputed ques-
i tion between the two I louses to a committee of con-
ference; and n motion to refer had expressly, by
the rules, always precedence of the main question.
: h was proponed, however, that tliey should decide
I the mam question first, and then settle the other; !
for although, fts the Senator from Ohio well remark- i
1 ed, if the Senate reecdul there would be nothing to i
refer, yet how much would there be to confer about 1
' m the spint of concession and settlement after the ;
Senate by a deliberate vote had refused to icccde? j
; How much better would their conferees he off,
■i w ith the exception that they went to the conference
• with the solemn vote of the body refusing to recede;
:j and then when they came hack, supposing that they
' moved, as the ie*nih of their confer* nee, a recession,
' how absurd, when the question had been previously j
1 decided, and the motion would be accordingly out |
ofoukir As he had obsened, however, he had ■
j jo particular interest in the matter one way or the
other, but submitted it to the Vice President,
i Air. AJLLK.N had but one remark to otfer. If the
,! Senate refused to recede, and appointed a committee
of conference, they would do exactly what the
!■ House had done—"that is} they would declare their
H determination to stand by their own act, and then
! to appeal to a sort of nuermediatory tribunal for the
j' settlement of the question between the two Houses.
:' Now, he (Air.A.) answered the Senator from North
'i Carolina by saving, that after the Senate refused to
recede, they would have done precisely what the
House had done when they refused to concur; but
the House did another thing: after that— they ap-
pointed a committee. Very well. Then it would
be in order for the Senate to appoint a committee,
and the two Houses would occupy precisely sim-
ilar grounds; and the two committees occupy pre-
cisely the same position. That was all. He was
about to say that another degree mightbe attained;
that the House of Representatives might take an-
other step, but they could not; having appointed a
committee, there was a final action of that body.
If the Senate refused to recedc, and appointed a
committee, that put an end to the controversy so
far as the two Houses were concerned, until the re-
sult of the meeting of the committees should be
known. In that case, the Senate, as he had already
remarked, would do precisely what the House did
—it would take another vote on the question of
standing by what it had done before the appoint-
ment of a committee.
Mr. CALHOUN did not regard the question of
order that had been raised as a matter of much
ronseqiienee. If the motion of the Senator from
Ohio prevailed, it would be exactly reversing the
vote given yesterday; and from the large majority
then, that was a result not very likely to happen, as
it would be tantamount to a reconsideration. As to
the mere point of order, he regarded the view of
the Senator from North Carolina [Mr. Haywood]
as the correct one. The motion for reference was
a privileged question, and oxerruled any other.
Mr. CtUTTKNOlvN inquired if the result of the
motion that had heen made be not to recede, would
the subject still remain before the Senate for a
further atlirmative question for " insisting" or
ki adhering?" or was the motion now made equiv-
alent to one or other of these questions?
[Several Senators. " it is not."]
Mr. OIUTTKNPKN. Well, then, in that
shape the subject, remains with us for " insisting"
or 44 adhering."
[Several Senators " Certainly."]
The PKKSli)Ki\T said it was the opinion of
the ('hair that a vote not to recede turned the Sen-
ate back upon the proposition of the House for a
conference. He shted finIher that he did not
think the message fiom the House was equivalent
to a motion for the appointment of a committee
on the part of the Senate, but that such motion
must be made separately, in its order. The mo-
tion of the Senator from Ohio was, therefore, first
in order—-that the Senate recede from its disagree-
ment to the amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives.
Mr. MANGUM asked for the yeas and nays;
and the call being seconded, they were ordered.
On being taken, the yeas ana nays resulted as
follows:
YKAS—Monsr*. Alien, AMitey. Atchison, Atherton, Bag-
ItV, Denton, Breese. ftripirt, Ca«f«, Dickinson, t)ix, Fairfield,
Houston, Jeimess, N'tkv, Pennybaeker, Rusk, Seinple, Se-
j Mcr, and Turney—£&),
I NAYS—Mew«. Arolier, Bairow, Herri en. Calhoun, T.
' CUu ion, J. M. ftnyton, Colquitt, Convin, Oiittendeii, UaviH,
{ Kvmis, Greene, Jjuyivomi, Huntington, Jarnagin, Johnson of
j Muryknil, Joluw>n ot* LouHian.i, Lewis, MeDuflie, Man-
I gum. Miller. Morehf atl, Pearre, Phelps, SinuuotK, Speight,
I Upborn, YVelxter, Westcott, V\ oodtuidge, and Ytuee—31.
i So the motion to recede was lost.
; Air. HAYWOOD then moved that the Senate
! proceed to the appointment of a committee of con-
ference.
Mr. MANGUM suggested that the motion be
amended by intimating the number of the members
, of the committee—three.
The amendment being accepted by Mr. HAY-
| "WOOD, the question was put, and the motion was
\ unanimously agreed to.
i On motion of Mr. MANGUM, the Senate then
! proceeded to elect the members of the committee
by ballot. And the result was as follows:
• Mr. Berrien 30 Air. Atchison  3
I Air. Haywood Air. Benton  3
j Mr. Corwin 30 Mr. J. M. Clayton.,. 3
Mr. Allen ..........15 Air. Houston 2
j Mr. Cass.... ..14 Air. Colquitt  i
i Mr. Crittenden   G Mr. Pennybacker.... 1
| Mr. Sevier,.......,, 4 Mr. Turney  1
j Mr. Semple. 4 Air. Calhoun  X
\ Mr. Dix.. 4 Air. Bright  1
! So Messrs. Bemuen-, Corvjjx, and Haywoqd,
were declared to be elected, and the President an-
nounced that they constituted the committee of
I conference with that of the other House.
