1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
707
was to be handed over to the tender mercies of a
superintendent, to be tried by him, and that, too,
without the right of appeal,
Mr. THOMPSON explained that the superin-
tendent had the power to arrest, and then to deliver
over to the nearest tribunal for trial and punish-
ment. As to there being no right of appeal, die
gentleman would ascertain the fact by looking; into
the judicial legislation of the country. He sup-
posed that every member of Congress knew that
there was an appeal.
Mr. JOHNSON (resuming) said he supposed
that every member of Congress would know that
neither the Constitution nor justice authorized
many of the provisions of this bill.
He further urged his objection against the limi-
tation which it sought to impose upon the freedom
of speech and the press, and opposed the bill in its
general provisions, as weii as its minor details,
noticing especially the fact that $30,000 were pro-
posed to be appropriated by it, when, upon foot-
ing up the several sums proposed by it, they were
found to amount to but #25,000, and when, if the
bill passed as amended, $ 16,200 was sufficient. lie
would like to know of the gentleman who reported
it, for what this extra amount was proposed ? Tin
also dwelt upon the inequalities of salaries pro-
posed by it, comparing particularly, and comment-
ing upon, the disparity between the proposed s-J.
ary of the superintendent of $4,000, (in addition to
$3,000 for a house for him,) and of the blacksmith
at $400—the former officer doing nothing, and the
latter, the honest son ofVulean, being the most !
important part of the whole machinery," He should ;
move, at the proper time, to increase this Hilary; j
and he also agreed with the gentleman from New j
York, that the 6th section should be taken out. j
Mr. R. CHAPMAN", (a member of the Commit- !
tee on Indhm Affans,) though detained from attend- j
ancc thereon by indisposition while this bill was j
under consideration, and not responsible for it, yet !
as a member of the Ronae,, and of the committee, I
defended its provisions from the attacks of Mr. !
Johnson and other*—especially vindicating the ;
distribution of salaries. ;
He repelled the charge of earelexsnosi on (jt,>
part of the committee, made by Mr. Jknkins, and
expressed the opinion that in these objections on
the part of that gentleman, and of others, and in i
their previous couise, they were straining at a «;n:it ;
and swallowing a camel. They had swallowed a !
bill, (the bill to extend our jurisdiction over Ameri-
can settlor*? in Oregon, to provide grants of land,
<&c.,) a few days ago, which, in bin humble opin-
ion, aw! in the opinions of our negotiators with
foreign Governments, in the opinion of pravimm
Congresses, previous Presidents, of the prem-nl
President and Senate was in direct violation of
our solemn treaty stipulations with Great Uiitain; i
they had swallowed that.
lie would not say that the biii ought to ptws in
the form in which it was introduced , but he would ;
say, when you extend your laws over the Oregon
territory—when you abrogate the British !:vw.>:—
when you throw yourself aloof from all the stipu- 1
lations made under British authority with the In-
dians—when you threaten to exterminate at once
all the subjects of Great Britain who had been
there and entered into these treaty stipulations, it :
becomes you to do something effective for the pro- '!
teetion of our citizens fiom the consequences that
may follow this abrogation of all other protection.
Arrangements were in existence between the I lud-
♦son Bay Company and the wild tribes of Indians, ;
and it would lie easy to stir them up to hostilities
against the United States, It would be necessary, I
therefore, to meet this state of things, by appoint-
ing a superintendent of Indian ailairs to reside in .
that country. The bill conferred additional pow- :
ers on the. superintendent, with a view to enable ■!
him to arrest any peison who attempted to carry :
any " talk," or 4< speech,'' or u writing," to any .1
Indian tribe for the purpose of disturbing the peace 1
or tranquillity of the United States or any Indian j
tribe. The gentleman from Tennessee had said I
that this pro vision was an invasion of the freedom of
speech and of the press. What sort of speech did
it prohibit? Treasonable speeches—treasonable
talk. The committee, anticipating what might
occur, gave high powers to this officer, for the pur-
pose of preventing any abuse of the privileges of
speech or of the press—to prevent any interference
to our prejudice with the Indian tribes.
As to the salary of the superintendent, he had
voted to reduce it from $4,000 to $3,000. He was
an advocate for such salaries as would secure the
best services; and if $400 would not procure a
good blacksmith, he would agree to give more.
The question being on Mr. Seduon's amend-
mrru ^ WaR taken, and decided in the negative.
The question recurred on the substitute for the
sixth section offered by Mr. Thurman.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON moved to strike out
the words " in addition to the powers heretofore
conferred in the Indian country,** which motion
was agreed to.
The substitute of Mr. Thurman was then re-
jected.
The question recurred upon striking out the
Gth section, and being taken, it was decided in the
affirmative.
Mr, ISAAC E. FTOLMRS moved to strikeout
all after the enae.ting clause of the bill; which mo-
tion was not then entertained.
Mr. ANDREW JOHNSON moved to strike
out from the lust section the sum of $30,000, and
insert £20,000, for the purpose of carrying this act
into eflect,. This motion was agreed to.
Mr. ISAAC K. IKHAIKS (the bill having been
gone through with) moved to strike out all after
the enacting clause.
Mr. GORDON. Tin gentleman had better move
to strike Oregon from the map.
Mr. MidCAY remarked, that there wen* several
provisions of the lull which required some expla-
nation and alteration, The Piesident of the Uni-
ted States was authorized to make presents to the
Indians in Oregon, in domestic animals, agricul-
tural imph-m«*nts, jjoods, «Sre., to the amount of
$10,000 yearly. Was ihere not a law already in
existence to (he same ell's < t' lb* read the law al- '
lowing the President to apply *>5,000 per annum
for this purnoj-e. "\\h.it necessity was there for,
increasing the amount' Another section of the I
biH authorizes the payment of $3,000 a year for
rations for the Indians when they wsil the agen-
cies. Thepj-'sident had power already, under a
former net, to supply liit ^e lations,
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON replied that tin- fur-
I liter liius lia'l no referi III'e 111 Oregon, and it h as ,
i net • •svti-y I.) I Mend llin- laws In the other.side of
, ilit' UockyMountains. Tlir committer had dealt
fiankly with the Houm', am] nil the objections
I which had hern urged to this lull, applied with
; equal iorce lo laws which hud been long in ex-
i i/Hellce.
| He ilid not insist upon the. domestic animals as
I necessary pie.-u-iiiH to ihe Indian tribes; hut. the
presents of implements of husbandry, goods, Sr., j
were absolutely necessary, if we would cultivate \
penee and (Headship with the Oregon Indians. ;
I 'Whatever aide the Indians should hike in the Ore- i
yon dispute Would lie successful, They would 1
decide the mutest in Oregon, and it wits therefore
necessary lor us to ha\e their friendship. It was
idle to suppose thai the Indiums would not ho ar- ;
rayed against the Anicucan title and cause in any
c.onleM. Tl.ey were nmv in the pay ol'tlie Hud-
son Hay Company, \yho had the.'control over
Iheni. lliey were in imtuber about i (1,000, and
their friendship would be of more advantage to
us than an mniy of 4,1100 men in the territory,
ihe committee, then fore, wished to appropriate
£10,011(1. for the purpose of cultivating the friend-
ship ot these Indians. They were of the opinion
lliai ihe sum ot now allowed by law would !
be wauled for use on this side of the mountains. '
As to the rations, what would bo the. use. of ra- .
tions, unless ihe Indians should come to see them ? 'i
And if they came, they must he fed. The Hud- ''
son 1'hy Company spent thousands on these oh- o
jeets.
In the present state of our foreign relations, and
considering; the action of Congress in regard to
Oregon, and comidei ing, too, that the Indians '
have the power to decide the contest, .should this I!
[louse now hi™le for a few dimes? ;
Air. I. I.. 1 lOLMLs modified hi.--, motion,so as ■ •
to move to lay the bill aside, to be reported to the |i
House, with the recommendation that the bill do ii
not pass. |i
Mr. GRAHAM said the bill was objectionable
in many respects, though its general objects were
good; and he grave notice that should the bill be
reported to the House, he would move to recommit
it to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. BltODHHAD moved that the bill be laid li
aside, to be reported to the House.
j This motion, after much conversation on a point
i of order, was rejected.
| The question recurred oil the motion of Mr. I. E.
; Holmes. •
j Mr. McKAY had one word to say. In the An-
'I nual Message of the President, he asked authority
; I to act in relation to Indian affairs west of the Rocky
|: Mountains, having now no authority except on this
I! side. In the bill passed on Saturday last there was
I: a provision authorizing the President to appoint a
j; superintendent and Indian agents. There was no
i1 certainty that that bill would pass into a law. He
,; would surest that action on this bill be postponed,
■, until the Senate should act on tliat bill. Every
, purpose would be effected by giving the President
. the power to appoint these officers. It was trifling
; with the legislative power to pile bill upon bill for
the same objects.
|! Mr. JACOB THOMPSON said the reason why
; he pressed the bill w.is, that there was no great
objection to it in either House; whereas in the bill
J sent to the Senate the other day there were many
I provisions which would be contested. Itwasim-
! penitive on Congress to make some provision in
, relation to this subject. He did not believe liim-
II self that the bill sent to the Senate on Saturday
ii would passt that body.
j: A conversation followed upon several points of
order; after which the question was taken on the
" motion of Mr. I. E. Holmes, and decided in the
j. negative—(!4 to 74.
:: On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, the committee
rose, and the lull was reported to the House with
sundry amendments.
|Mr. 1\l-'.N'NKDY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, made a renoit ]
The question now being on concurring in the
amendments, and on ordering the bill to a third
rending.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON, remarking that it
seemed to be the desire of a great many members
that the bill should be postponed, moved that its
fuither consideration be postponed until the second
Monday in May, and that the amendments be
printed.
The motion having been airreod to, the further
consideration ol (lie bill was accordingly post-
poned.
THE NOTICE.
Whilst the House was in committee, the Speaker
resumed the chair, informally, to receive a mes-
sage from the Senate, by A. Dickens, Esq., Secre-
tary, informing the House that the Senate had
agreed to the conference asked by the House of
Representatives on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses, on tho amendment of the House to
the amendment of the Senate to the. joint resolu-
tion of the House of Representatives, entitled
" Joint Resolution of noticu to Great Britain to
annul and abrogate the convention between Great
Britain and the United States, of the 6th of August,
18:27, relative to the country on the northwest coast
of America, west of the Stony Mountains, com-
monly called Oregon,'' and had appointed Mr.
Bkriuen, Mr. Cuhwin, and Mr. Haywood, mana-
gers at said conference on their part.
And the House adiourned.
IN SUN-ATE.
Wednesday, ,'lpril 22, 1846.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, announcing that the Speaker of said
House had Signed an enrolled bill.
THE INDEPENDENT TREASURY BILL.
Mr. WEBSTER rose and said: Mr. President, I
daily receive so many letters making inquiries touch-
ing the probable progress of one of the measures now
before the Senate, that I desire to ask, very respect-
fully, a question or two of the committee who nave
charge of it. I refer, sir, to the subject of the In-
dependent Treasury bill, sometimes called the sub-
treasury bill. I am no panic-maker. I desire to
prevent panics, to allay apprehensions. The coun-
try in general is prosperous, and I desire, as far as
I am able, to prevent agitation and disturbance in
its financial affairs. I will therefore address my-
self to the chairman of the Committee on Finance,
and beg him most respectfully (hoping that he will
not find an answer to be inconsistent with his pub-
lic duty) to say how soon it may be expected that
the committee will report on that important meas-
ure; whether the committee has so far advanced
