708
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
in the consideration of the bill that he is now
a!.!e (o say whether they will report the bill with
or without amendment, and if with amendments,
if he can now intimate what those amendment.?
are? This information must necessarily he ex-
ceedingly useful to the public. And I wiil also
ask if he will be r-o obliging as to state at what pe-
riod the subject will come up for consideration?
Thiss last question is not unimportant in itself, but
to me it is especially important, because I shall
shortly have occasion to be absent for a few days.
Mr. LEWIS said: I am happy, Mr. President,
to have it m my power to reply to the questions
of the distinguished Senator ficm Massachusetts,
so far as the Committee 011 Finance have had the
xubjeet under consideration. I cannot, however,
say at what time the sub-treasury bill will be re-
ported back to the Senate. The committee have
detei mined to give precedence, in the action of the
Senate, to a bill reported by the honorable Senator
from New York [Mr. Dix] for establishing a ware-
housing1 system. This bill has been urged 011 the
committee by commercial men as a remedial meas-
ure, in us tendency strongly calculated to relieve
any pressure which might" otherwise result from a
precipitate or sudden introduction of the specie
clauses of the sub-treasury. In addition to the
warehousing bill, the committee propose to pre-
cede action 011 the sub-treasury by bills to establish
branch mints at Charleston and Kew York—meas-
ures which have also been urged, from respectable ;
commercial sources, as in their tendency calculated j
to facilitate the introduction of specie payments [
into the treasury. So far as any or all of these
measures are calculated to allay apprehension in 1
the public mind, they will receive the cordial sup-
port of the committee.
It is certain, sir, that, from the very reason we
have not now a sub-treasury in operation, large
amounts of public money have accumulated 111
deposife in the banks. This amount—not less than
eleven or twelve millions—has become the basis of
a much larger paper circulation, while the recep-
tion of paper money 111 the dues of the Govern- 1
ment has, in addition to other causes, considerably •
expanded the aggregate circulation of this country, j
so much so as to create an adverse state of foieign I
exchanges, and at a time, too, when the monetary !
condition of England is far from bemg' settled and !
easv. ' |
Under these circumstances, the committee, while 1
a majority of them are 111 every way favorable to
what they believe the only constitutional mode of ii
collecting:, depositing, and disbursing what they i
believe to be ihe only cunency known to the Con- j
siifution, arc most anxious that this change shall i1
be effected in a manner to produce as little pressme !
as possible 011 the commercial community. To •!
prepare for (his result, and to avoid any conne- ,,
quonees from the too sudden introduction of the |
sub-treasury, we have, alter full deliberation, with
entire determined that the. specie clause
shall in no event be reported to go into effect sooner i
than the first of January next. ;;
So far as this course, 011 the part of the commit-
tee. is calculated to allay apprehension, I am lnippy
m being able to furnish the honorable gentleman I;
the information lie asks. j j
PETITIONS. ;
Mr. CAMERON presented the proceedings of '
a meeting of citizens of Philadelphia, in favor of '
the establishment of a national foundry at Port 'I
Richmond, ill the county of Philadelphia, Perm- ;i
sylvama; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs. '
Mr. C. also presented the petition of members of 'j
the K ouse of Representatives of the Commonweal til 1
of Penasylv ania, praying that the duties on import- : >
ed boots and shoes may not be 1 educed; which was '
referred to the Committee 011 Finance.
Air. C. further presented a memorial of ship-own- 1
ers, ship-masters, and other citizens of Philadel-
phia, remonstrating against the repeal of the pilot ;
law of 1837; which was referred to the Committee 1
on Commerce. 1.
Mr. ATCHISON presented the petition of citi- ;
zens of Savannah, Missouri, praying an alteration i
of the mail-route from Savannah to Liberty, in that ,
fetate; which was referred to the Committee 011 the 1
Post Office and Post Roads. ,;
Mr. SPEIGHT,from the Committee on Finance, !
1 sported a bill to establish a Branch linked States i
April 22,
Mint in the city of Charleston; which was read,
and passed to the second reading.
Mr. J0 HNSON, of Louisiana, from the Commit-
tee on Pensions, submitted an adverse report upon
the petition of Charles Larrabee; which report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. DICKINSON, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Ray Tomp-
kins, and other children and heirs of the iate Dan-
iel D. Tompkins; which was read, and passed to
the second reading.
SALS OP PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill to authorize the sale of cer-
i tain reserved lands in the St. Helena Land District,
i in the State of Alabama; which was read, and pass-
| ed to the second reading. The report accompany-
! ins: the bill was ordered to be printed.
! Mr. PEARCE, from the Committee on Pensions,
] to whom was referred the subject of amending the
| act of June 19, 1840, in relation to granting pen-
! sions, submitted a report in writing; which was
! oideied to be printed.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Commerce,
reported, without amendment, the bill for the relief
of Charles W. Ring-ley, of Charleston, South Car-
olina.
Mr. r>. submitted a few remarks in explanation
of the bill, from which it appears that Mr. Bing-
Iey purchased a foreign barque wrecked 011 the
coast of the United States, and sold for the benefit
of the underwriters; and having been informed by
high authority that he could, under the circum-
stances of the case, register the barque when re-
paired as an American" vessel, he expended a sum
about equal to the general value of vessels of the
same class 111 repairing the barque. Finding- sub-
sequently that he could not obtain the registry of
his vessel, lie. now asks the passage by Congress
of an act to enable him so to do. The committee
considered the case of the petitioner worthy of
attention, and cited a precedent for the passage of
the bill.
Mr. D. having concluded his explanation, moved
that the prior orders be postponed, and that th,e
bill in question be considered; which motion was
agreed to.
The hill was then considered as in committee of
the whole, and after the adoption of an unimportant
amendment, submitted by Mr. Pix, it was report-
ed to the Senate, and the amendment was concur-
red in, and ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to
be read a third time.
Mr. LEWIS, from the Committee on Finance,
reported a bill to establish a branch of the mint of
the United States m the city of New York; which
was read, and passed to the-second leading.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. ALLEN submitted the following resolu-
tion:
Scsolred, That the papers which the President
of the United States is requested to communicate
to the Senate by its resolution of the 11th instant,
in addition to the correspondence requested by its
resolution of the 10th, arc to be understood as com-
prehending 110 more than the protest addressed by
the Mmwter of the. United iStates at Parts, ill the
year 1842, asamst the concutreucc of France in
the Cluintuple treaty, together with all the corre-
spondence relating thereto.
Mr. ALLEN observed that this resolution was
based upon another and a former one, winch com-
prehended a call for a very large number of pa-
pers, which would be useless if communicated i
A compliance with the former resolution would
require an immense deal of writing in the Depart-
ments, and would consume a very long time, for
they weie obliged in the Departments to take the
resolution as it purported on its face to be—a call
for all papers on the subject. The object of the
present resolution was to bring out such papers as
were absolutely necessary in the case, omitting
the others. It had been submitted to gentlemen
who were particularly interested in the call, and
as there could lie no inconvenience arising from its
adoption, lie asked its adoption now in place of
being laid over.
Mr. WEBSTER. I have no objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, said, with the
unanimous consent of the Senate the question
would be now put.
The resolution was adopted.
SECRET-SERVICE FUND.
The following resolution, offered by Mr. Jar-
nagin some days ago, was taken up:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to cause to be furnished to the Senate
an account of all payments made on Presidents'
certificates, from the fund appropriated by law for
the contingent expenses of foreign' intercourse,
since the 4th March, 1825, to this time; with copies
of all entries, receipts, letters, vouchers, memo-
randums, or other evidence of such payments; to
whom paid, and for what; including the sum of
thirty thousand dollars for contingent expenses of
all the missions abroad, now proposed to be pro-
vided for by the bill before the Senate entitled
"An act to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for certain objects made for the serviees of
the fiscal year ending 3d June, 1845;" but no doc-
ument or matter is requested by this resolution to
be furnished which, in the opinion of the Presi-
dent, would improperly involve the citizens or
subjects of any foreign Power.
The resolution having been read—
Mr. WEBSTER rose and said: I have a few,
and but a few, remarks to taake on the President's
message in answer to the resolution of the House
of Representatives calling for an account of the
disbursements during the period in which I had the
honor to be Secretary of State, out of the fund for
the contingent expense of foreign Intercourse.  '
In the first place, sir, I am happy to say that I
entirely approve the course of proceeding; which
the President has adopted. In my judgment, he
could not have acted otherwise than he has done,
without the violation of law and of his own duty.
Sir, as I know that not a dollar was disbursed from
that fund without the sanction -of the President,
and as I am conscious that every disbursement was
made for a proper and necessary public purpose, it
might be thought that I should desire the publica-
tion of the papers, in order that everybody might
see what they are, or what they show. But this
is a matter of so little concernment to me (and I
presume it is of as little to the late President) that
I certainly would not wish to see an important
principle, and an important law, violated and bro-
ken for any personal convenience in that respect.
I am not at all apprehensive that the country, will
suspect either President Tyler, or me, acting-under
his authority, of anything improper in the disburse-
ment of a few hundred ctr a few thousand dollars,
in a case in which the law reposes confidence in
the President, and gives him a discretion as to
making the expenditure public.
Sir, a President of the United States, or the head
of a department acting by his authority, tnust think
but poorly of his own reputation and standing with
the country if he is afraid of being suspected of
having violated his duty and his oath in a matter
of so little moment. I will add, that a person who
entertains such a suspicion, without reason, of any
public man, may himself be. well suspected of hav-
ing held a no .very complimentary dialogue with
hinu&lf.
Sir, we all know that the head of a department
cannot touch a dollar of this fund except with the
President's sanction. The whole power, and the
whole responsibility, is with, the President. The
President's message states'this so fully and clearly
that I need not dwell upon it. I will say, in the
first place, that no expenditure, improper m itself,
or improper in its amount, was made, to my know-
ledge, judgment, or belief. And I will say, in the
next place, that the late President of the United
States, in all things respecting the expenditure of
the public moneys, was remarkably cautious, ex-
act, and particular.
And I here say, sir, that all declarations, aver-
ments, statements, or insinuations, made anywhere,
01-by anybody, which impute perversion, misap-
plication, or waste of the public funds, committed
or made by me while Secretary of State, are utter-
ly groundless and untrue. And I will conclude
with one remark, the bearing of which I shall
leave to the Senate and to the country.
Whoever charges me with having either misap-
plied or wasted the public funds, while in the De-
partment of State, has cither seen the papers, or
has, in some other way, obtained knowledge on
the subject, or he has not. If he has seen no pa-
pers, and has no knowledge, then his imputations
are purely wanton and slanderous. If he has seen
the papers, or has any knowledge, then he would
