714
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
longing for the welfare of his child ! Criminal he
may be; ignorant he may be; reckless even of his
own character, hopeless of a reputable standing for
himself; but his children ! if brutish excess have
not utterly quenched the principle of good within
him—for them there is still a redeeming virtue in
his soul; a striving after better things; a hope that
they may escape the vices which have degraded
him; that they may emerge from the ignorance in
which he is benighted, if not to wealth and honor,
at least to fair fame and honest reputation; a credit
to his blighted name, and a comfort to his declining
years.
Such are the sentiments that spring up to meet
us from among the people; shared by the bad as
well as the good; universal in their prevalence.
And it is to such sentiments, the best earnest of
progressive improvement in man, that the provis-
ions of this bill ought, so far as the amount of the
legacy and the terms of the will permit, to respond.
Such views are in accordance with the spirit of
the age, and the wants of the times. It is not a
world all of flowers and sunshine, this we live in.
It is a world, where thousands aie starving; where
tens of thousands toil to live—live, only to die! It
is a world, where cruel suffering exists, where
shameful crimes are committed, where terrible op-
pression is endured, where dark ignorance is found.
It has scenes of wrong, and outrage, and guilt, and
wo. They rise before us. They thrust themselves
on our attention. Not to gild, not to embellish; a
graver, a sadder duty is his, who would aid in such
a world's improvement.
To effect permanent good in such a world, we
must reach the minds and the hearts of the masses;
we must diffuse knowledge among men; we must
not deal it out to scholars and students alone, but
even to Tom, Dick,' and Harry; and then, as a
wise and witty female writer of the day expressed
it, " they will become Mr. Thomas, and Mr.
Richard, and Mr. Henry." They may not be-
come profound scholars, erudite giaduates. Nor
is that necessary. Well to know common tilings
is the essential. It is not elaborate learning that
most improves the world, or that exerts most influ-
ence in its government. Working-day knowledge
is simple, almost in the ratio of its importance; and
Milton has told us,
" Tli.it not to know at large of things remote
From u-<% it nnd subtle, but to know
Th;it which before us he.-', m daily lite,
I.< 1 lie prune wisdom."
The ancient masters realized not these truths.
With the millions they had no sympathy. In
private, and to the initiated few alone, did they
deign to umoll the mystical page of their philoso-
phy; tlicy scorned to expose it to the gaze of the
profane vulgar.
Thanks to the stirring spirit of progressive im-
provement, all tins, in our age, is changed. By
modern teacheis the people are spoken of, spoken
to, oared for, instructed. To the people the char-
acteristic literature of the day is addressed. What
has become of the ponderous folio, m which the
learning of the Middle Ages used to issue, to a
small and exclusive circle, its solemn manifesto ?
Now we have the slender pamphlet, the popular
tract, the cheap periodical, cast forth even to the
limits of civilization, penetrating into every nook
and corner of the land; often light, often worthless,
but often, too, instructive, effective; written for the
masses, reaching the masses; and awaking, far and
wide, a consciousness of deficiency, a spirit of in-
quiry, a desire to know more.
The people govern in America. Ere long, the
people will govern throughout the habitable earth.
And they are coming into power ill an age when
questions of mighty import rise up for their de-
cision. They who govern should be wise. They
who govern should be educated. They who de-
cide mighty questions should be enlightened. Then,
as we value wise government, as we would have
the destinies of our kind shaped by an enlight-
ened tribunal, let the schools of the people, and
the teachers who preside in these schools, and the
system that prevails in these schools, be our pecu-
liar care.
We cannot reform the world, no, nor provide
instruction for a great nation, by any direction
given to half a million of dollars. But something,
even in such a cause, may be effected by it—
something, I devoutly believe, that shall be felt all
over our broad land. The essential is, that, if lit-
tle we ean do, that little be well done—be done
faithfully, in the spirit of the trust, in the spirit of
the age—in a spirit not restrictive, not exclusive,
but diffusive, universal.
Mr. JONES modified his motion as follows:
Strike out all the bill after the word " be"in the
sixth line of the first section, and insert—
" Paid by the Secretary of the Treasury to the
'heirs-at-law or next of kin of the said James
' Smithson, or their authorized agents, whenever
' they shall demand the same: Provided, That the
' Secretary of the Treasury shall, in paying over
'said money as herein directed, deliver to said
' heirs all State bonds or other stocks of every kind
' which have been purchased with said money, or
' any part thereof, in lieu of so much of said money
1 as shall have been so invested in State bonds or
' other stocks. And the balance of said sum of
' money, if any, not so invested, shall be paid out
' of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
' propriated."
Mr. G. W. JONES said it was not his purpose
to make a speech on this occasion; but believing,
as he did, that this whole matter was wrong; that
this Government, in the first instance, had no right
and no power to accept of this trust fund, he was
in favor of returning the amount of the money or
of the stocks in which that money has been invest-
ed , to the heirs-at-law or next of kin of the late
Mr. Smithson, whenever they shall make the de-
mand of the Government. He admitted the right
of the Government " to borrow money " under the
Constitution, but denied that it had any particle of
power to deal in stocks or to loan money. We
had no power either to receive this money in the
fust instance, or to invest it in State stocks and
fund it, as this bill proposed to do, in perpetuity
upon the Government. He wanted to create no
such debt upon this Government. He was satis-
fied that his constituents desired no such debt fund-
ed—no such burden imposed upon them.
Hut waiving the objection of the want of power
on the part of the Government, he was still opposed
to the establishment of an institution like that pro-
posed in the bill under the direction and patronage
of the Governmentof theUnited States. He would
be the last man on this floor to say or do anything
on this floor or elsewhere to obstruct the enlighten-
ment and education of the people; he was as thor-
oughly satisfied of the benefits of education as any-
body, but he could not sanction the establishment
of such an institution under the direction of the
Government of the United States. Where might
it end > What nnght such an institution come to
be in the course of events? This $513,000 was to
be funded at six per cent, interest forever. Was
there a friend of this measure; was theie one who
had reflected for a moment on the proposition, who
believed that when once established they would stop
at the appropriation of this six per cent, interest an-
nually for its support? It was, in his opinion, noth-
ing more than the entering wedge to fastening upon
the United States an institution the expenses and
appropriations for which would be augmented at
almost every session of Congress.
It was neither the right, the power, or the true
pohcy of the Government' to attempt to rear up
here in "the city of Washington an institution for
the education of school teachers, of agricultural pro-
fessors, &c., to send out into the country. There
was too great a tendency to centralization in this
Government already, ill his opinion. The legiti-
mate and appropriate sphere of this Government
was to take care of our conccrns with foreign Pow-
ers, leaving our domestic laws and regulations to
be made by the State Legislatures. Every meas-
ure of this kind had the tendency to make the
people throughout the countiy look more to this
great central power than to the State Governments.
He had not risen for the purpose of making a
speech, but of submitting a few remarks in expla-
nation of his amendment.
Mr. SAWYER (Mr. J. giving way) saicl the
gentleman's proposition, if he understood it aright,
was to refund this money to the heirs of Smith-
son. Now lie was well informed that Mr. Smith-
son had no heirs whatever. And if such was the
fact, he wished to ask of the gentleman how his
amendment could be made operative?
Mr. JONES replied that certainly, if he never
had heits, it would be difficult to find them. But
Si he understood that, though he had no children, he
i had a brother, who was once in this country; and
! his amendment proposed to refund this money to
' the heirs or next of kin of James Smithson.
In conclusion, he remarked that, if his proposi-
tion failed, and this Smithsonian-institution was to"'
be established, he should then be in favor of hand-
ing over the State stocks, which were purchased
by this money, to the managers of the institution,
and of letting them conduct it independently of the
Government. And, voting for this proposition,
all that related to the establishment of a body
politic and corporate, he should also wish to have
stricken out, for he would vote for the establish-
ment of no corporation by this Government. -
Mr. J. R. 1NGERSOLL expressed his favor
for the gen oral''features of the bill, but before en-
tering upon the direct question, he directed a few
remarks to the amendment of Mr. Jones, "which
he considered entirely futile, as far as any idea of
refunding the money to heirs was concerned, inas-
much as it was ascertained beyond doubt that Mr.
Smithson had no heirs, or next of kin. He had
had one son, who died during his minority; and
thereupon this Government, as the residuary lega-
tee, came in' possession of the property in legal
form from the attorneys in chanccry of the execu-
tors of Mr. Smithson, at London. This amend-
ment, if carried out into a law, therefore, would
result in working a forfeiture of the funds to the
British Government.
But Mr. I. contended, that as we had received
it by solemn act of Congress, and retained it for
eight long years, it was now binding, on the ground
of faith, honor, and duty, to appropriate it in the
manner designed by the testator himself; and the
fact that this fund had been invested by the Treas-
urer of the United States, under direction of Con-
gress, in Arkansas stocks—did not affect this ques-
tion, in any respect; the Government of the United
States being always responsible for the restoration
of this fund, and the devotion of it to the proper
objects. The fund was sacred in the treasury of
the United States at this moment, and they were
pledged, every one of them, to redeem it.
And the true question now presented was, what
were the intentions of the donor.?
Mr. I. here incidentally, in reference to an allu-
sion by Mr. Owen to the Girard fund, went into
an explanation, at some' length, of,the circumstan-
ces and restrictions of that legacy, the manner in
which it had been exj&nded, &c.', stating that the
reason why the school had not ere this, partially
at least, gone into operation, \ras an unfortunate
proviso placed by Mr. Girard in his will, that none
of the orphans intended to be benefited should be
received and educated, until the entire five build-
ings were fully completed according to the plan
prescribed by him. Upon this point Mri I yield-
ed to Mr. Owen for explanation.
Recurring to the position that the fact-that this
fund might have been invested by the act of the
Government itself in Arkansas stocks principally,
and to a small extent in the stocks of Ohio, Illinois,
and Michigan, in no manner diminished its account-
ability for the amount of its obligation to appro-
priate in accordance with' the intention of Mr.
Smithson.
Mr. VINTON interposed, and said, if any por-
tion of it was invested in Ohio bonds, of which he
was not before aware, the interest ofi them'would
be regularly paid.
Mr. YELL also (speaking- for Arkansas) said
we are ready to settle at any time.
Mr. INGERSOLL, I have no doubt of it.
Mr. YELL, (in reply to another remark of Mr.
Ingeiisoll, not heard by the reporter.) When-
ever we can bring the treasury of the United States
to a settlement, then we will talk about it.
Mr. INGERSOLL (resuming) said he concur-
red in the general views of Mr. Oiven, especially
as at the conclusion of the bill there was a section -
authorizing Congress to make such changes as
from time to time it might deem expedient.
There was one object which he thought the gen-
tleman had overlooked. He had properly provi-
ded against the error of the Girard will, by provi-
ding that this institution should go Into operation
on the 1st September next after the passage of the
i law, as it could go into operation for many of its
| pui poses immediately. But instead of waiting the
i slow process of gathering materials of instruction,
i Mr. 1. intended, by an amendment at thtf proper
| place, to propose that the results of the exploring
| expedition, and the articles of the National Insti-
| lute, many of which were now being injured for
! want of a proper place of deposite, and both which
, were the property of the Government, should be
