1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
715
placed in the Smithsonian Institution, until there
should be substituted for them articles collected bv'
that institution itself.
He agreed with Mr. Owen that a great library,
such as was provided for in the bill which passed
the Senate two years ago, was not desirable; and
said that the necessary buildings to contain the
gi eatest library in the world would, in its own
erection, exhaust the entire sum. This Capitol
itself would not be sufficient to contain eight hun-
dred thousand volumes, which would be tlTe largest
library in the world, so properly arranged as to be
accessible. A library was not the object of Mr.
Smithson; but that it should cover general ground,
in which all objects of science (if possible) should
be included, and among the rest, he agreed with
the bill in the propriety of appropriating a part of
the annual fund to the preparation of instructors,
to be sent out throughout the whole country. He
would also appropriate a part of the fund to the
defraying the expenses of the delivery of annual
lectuies by our most distinguished men, at different
points throughout the country for scientific instruc-
tion.
Mr. I. briefly gave some other general views,
approving decidedly the object of the institution,
and warmly urging the hounden duty of Congress
to apply it according to the intentions of Mr. Smith-
son, and to discharge the obligations imposed upon
it by the acceptance of this trust.
Mr. G. W. JONES modified his amendment by
inserting after the words " next of kin," the words
" or residuary legatee."
Mr. STANTON next addressed the committee.
It had been very generally complained of, he said,
that a great delay had taken place in the execution
of the trust imposed upon the Government in the
acceptance of the Smithsonian fund. Whether
these complaints were well or ill-founded, he be-
lieved the time for action had now come, and that
honor and good faith required the appropriation of
this fund to its legitimate purposes. This urgency
was strengthened, he contended, by the possibility
of any collision that might aii.se wuh Great ihitaiu.
Unlike some other gentlemen, lie had been unable
to bring himself to the conclusion, that at this
age of the world, these two great nations, so firmly
bound together by ties of interest and kindred,
would madly rush into a sanguinary conflict. But
the mere possibility of such an occurrence consti-
tuted an additional reason for the prompt discharge
of our duty ill the disposition of this fund. Incuse
of a war it would be highly dishonorable lor the
United States to allow this fund to remain in the
Treasury of the Government, to he used against
that very nation from the liberality and benevo- 1
lence of one of whose citizens it had been reeeiv cd. |
It might be urged that 111 case of war, all the ohli- j
gations between the two nations wi re abrogated;
but this, he contended, would not be the case with :
the obligations of humanity and of justice, audself- j
respect. He hoped we should avoid tins source ■
of disgrace, and that we should by no such m.t .
furnish fresh food for the grave charges and sltui- j
ders upon us of English pauu-hlets ami British j
travellers, compared with which the oft-repented j
charges of faithlessness and repudiation would l.e ;
trifling. . I
Mr. S. then proceeded m remarks running ;
through nearly the remainder of his hour, to give i
his views on the subject, both with reference to its j
general provisions and particular details, applaud- ■
ino- the enlarged liberality ami expansive phikn-i
thropy on the part of Mr. Smitlison, which prompt- <
ed the directing this fund to the. establishment of:
an institution for the increase and diffusion of ,
knowledge among men, and his wisdom in loca-(
tin«- it on this republican soil; strongly advocating !
the^ propriety and the duty, having received tins
fund eight years since, of our discharging ourselves
of the obligations we had assumed, by carrying
out those intentions as far as could tie learnt; and
in pointing out some of the invaluable advantages
which, in its operation, it would work to the peo-
ple of this country, the Government itself, and the
world at large, Ac., &c. . . , ... ,
Mr. SAWYER moved to amend the bill by
striking out " six," in the^first section, and insert-
ing in lieu thereof " five.
There was a motion pending to strike out the
whole bill, and therefore this motion to amend was
'"The ninth section was not under consideration,
but when it should be, he would move to amend it
in the fourth line, by inserting after the word
" therein," the following proviso:
Provided, That such students shall be selected
from the different States and Territories of the
United States, according to the ratio of represent-
ation in Congress."
He thought five per cent, as high a rate of inter-
est as was proper. He was not willing that his
constituents should be saddled with so high a rate
of interest as six per ccnt., for the people must pay
it out of their pockets. For a permanent loan, five
per cent was high enough.
The other amendment which he would propose
related to the regulations for the admission of stu-
dents into the various departments of the institu-
tion. He proposed to take the students from the
different Suites and Territories of the United States,
according to their representation in Congress, so
that they shall not all be taken from Virginia, Ma-
ryland , and this District, as had been the case in
regard to all other appointments. Heretofore, nine-
tcriths of alt appointments had been made from
this District and the neighboring States. Other
States had been blotted out from the vocabulary of
appointments. There was a bill before the House
to do this, but it was impossible to reach it, ob-
stacles being thrown in tho way whenever it was
attempted. While we were passing laws for cre-
ating more public institutions, it was proper to
make a proviso that the persons benefited by it
should be takm from every portion of the Union,
instead of one loculity. With proper modifica-
tions, he was disposed to vote for tins bill.
Mr. D. P. KING hud some amendments, he
said, to pioposc to tlie bill, ai, a proper time. In
establishing an institution like this, fertile increase
and diffusion of knowledge anion:; men, there
ought undoubtedly to be some uirangenK nt for the
education of teachers, lie would propose that
lands and buddings be provided for young men, to
enable them to prepare for such an education as
will qualify Hum for usefulness and to teach others.
He proposed that persons should be received who,
by their labor, would maintain themselves. He
was desirous of promoting the inteieMs of the yeo-
manry of the country—of cultivating the hand as
well as the he.ul noil henrt; ami fie hoped pro\is-
ions for tin si- objects would be made in the bill,
lie should mme to insert in the 7th section, after
the word "•professors," the words " of agncul-
tuie.'' A very large portion of the people" were
agriculturists, and it, was the most useful and in-
teresting object of pursuit. He wished to provide
for the use of those who became students lands and
buildings, with a view to enable them to engage in
j >rue t ice I agriculture.
IU; was not disposed, at tliia time, to go into the
subject fully, but he submitted that the best mode
of carrying out the objects of the donor, was, to
promote a;;,uciilluiul knowledge.
Mr. 0\V EN had a few words to say in reply to
the gentleman t'nnn Ohio, [Mr. Sawyer,] who had
mged that tin rati- of' interest should be five instead
of six per cent. He would ask the committee gene-
rally, whether, in regard to a perfect gratuity—a
fund for public objects to which this Government
had not contributed one cent—we ought not to be
willing to pay as large an interest as "we were or-
dinarily obliged to imy on loans? Ought we not
to yield something to the object of the bequest?
it must, also be considered that, by this bill, much
expense won saved to tlu; Government, Should
this plan be carried out, it would save ail the ex-
penses attending the preservation of the collections
of ihe Exploring Expedition. These could not be
taken care of without considerable expense. It
would also be recollected, that it was a part of
General Washington's plan in laying out this city,
to extend the public grounds from the Capitol to
the President VJHousc. These grounds embraced
more than one hundred acres, and should they be
embellished and improved,according to the original
design, the expense would be very great. All these
expenses were to be defrayed by tho Smithsonian
Institution. AJ! that \viu3 asked was the ordinary
interest of six per cent., winch the Government
had recently been obliged to pay.
In regard to the 9th section ol tho bill, he would
bo glad if the objections of the gentleman from Ohio
should prove to be good, and that there should be
such an overflow of applications for admission into
the institution as to render any restrictions neces-
sary. He appreiided that there would be no neces-
sity for such restrictions, for we did not propose,
as at the West Point Academy, to pay any ex-
penses of the students. In case of such a rush for
admission as the gentleman anticipated, he would
admit that the students ought to be divided among
all the States and Territories. He would agree to
vote for the amendment, but he apprehended that
the chief difficulty would be in getting a sufficient
number of persons to come.
Mr. D. P. KING said he had proposed such a
modification of the plan as would enable students
to pay their board by laboring on the farm of the
institution.
Mr. OWEN said that this point was before the
committee, and it was agreed that young men
I might be employed as managers and laborers, if
j they were willing, while they were pursuing their
1 studies.
I Mr. SAWYER remarked that it had been sug-
I gestcd tiiat the 9th section already provided for
j this object. But fie must insist upon it that it did
j not; and to prove it he would read the section, as
i follows:
<> That tile said hoard of managers shall also make rules
anil rc2iilalions tor the admission 01 Hudeiik. into the vari-
ous liejiai tnients of the iii>iuunon, and theireonductand tie-
j imrtmelit U'liite they remained therein "
| The same provision applied to officers of the in-
I siitution, but the managers were not instructed to
I distribute among the several States and Territories
| all the students applying for admission.
; Mr. J. DAVIS said, that so far as the Govern-
, ment was concerned, the bill conferred no powers
on it. All objections on that score were unfound-
ed. He was afraid that the. benches of the mstitu-
, lion would not be filled to overflowing, and that no
lvsuietion would be necessary on that score. The
!)ih sertion might stand as it was for the present,
aial when necessary Congress could amend die act
in order to meet any circumstances that might
' arise. In the mean time lie would throw open the
[ door to all, whether for a single lecture or for a
whole course,; and he regarded lectures as the
■ greatest means of extending knowledge which had
been adopted in modern tunes. It was second only
to ihe invention of the art of printing.
Everything in I lie bill tended to the increase and
diffusion of knowledge among men.
iSome had urged iliaf the trust ought not to have
been accepted. It was too late to make that ob-
jection. He held that we were now obliged to
carry it into execution; and as to the funds them-
selves, ihey ought to be considered as money still
in the treasury, unconnected with any stocks. He
regretted that any one had proposed to return the
stocks to the heirs or kin of the original owner.
Mr. G. W. JONES said he did not profess to
understand the whole doctrine of trusts, but if trust
funds wcie placed in the hands of the Government,
was the Government bound to keep the money, in-
stead of investing it? Was the Government bound
to pay interest on it without investing it?
Mr. JEFFERSON DAVIS. That will depend
on the character of the fund. The fund was given
in trust for a specific object.
|! Mr. G. W. JONES. Suppose the fund had
ii been left to the gentleman from Mississippi; was
lie bound to keep it and pay six per cent, interest
j! upon it? Or, if he invested it in Mississippi or
• j other State .stocks, in good faith, would he be bound
j; as trustee to make good the principal and interest
;i of the fund ?
i! Mr. JEFFERSON DAVIS could, he said, an-
il swer that ruse m perfect conformity with his own
11 views and feelings on the subject. He would re-
, ject tho trust unless he was willing to execute it;
h and if he misapplied the money and delayed to ex-
ecutc the trust for eight years, he would consider
;! himself bound in honor to make good the whole
j! fund.
|| Mr. D. continued. He would admit that the
;j Government hud no authority to take charge of the
!| subject of education, and he did not consider this
lj bill as liable to that objection. The Normal school
li system he considered as highly beneficial, serving
!j to produce uniformity in the language, and to lay
j the foundation of all sciences. The spelling-book
j of Noah Webster, which had been used exten-
i sively in our primary schools, had done more to
! produce uniformity in our language in this coun-
j try than anything else. If we sent out good school
I books from this institution, it would be of vast ser-
! vice to the country.
i Mr. D. enlarged upon the benefits which would
;> result to science and the diffusion of every kind of
