716
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
useful knowledge, from an institution which would
gather young men from the remotest parts of the
country, at the common point whereevery^facility
for practical instruction would be affoided. .he
taste of the country would be refined, and he did
not consider this as anti-democratic. Knowledge
was the common cement that was to unite all the
heterogeneous materials of this TJnion into one
mass, Tike the very pillars before us. If there was
any constitutional objection to the establishment of
a corporation, he was willing to strike out that
feature in the bill, and preserve the remainder.
But let us do something to carry out the objects of
the testator, or let us throw back the fund upon the
chancery court of England.
Mr. MARSH desired, he said, to add a few
words on this subject, but was unable to proceed
at present, in consequence of indisposition. He
therefore moved that the committee rise.
Some conversation ensued, upon which Mr.
MARSH withdrew the motion.
Mr. J. Gt. ADAMS expressed a wish that some
progress be made in the bill, by taking a vote on
some of the amendments.
The question was then taken on the amendment
offered by Mr. Sawyer, and it was decided in the
negative.
On motion of Mr. MARSH, the committee then
rose and reported progress.
LICENSING OF CANAL BOATS.
Mr. BRODHEAD submitted, on leave, amo-
tion that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union be discharged from the consideration
of the bill relative to the licensing, &c., of canal
boats.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON inquired whether
the bill contained an appropriation?
Mr. BRODHEAD said it did not.
The motion was agreed to; and the question then
was on the engrossment.
The bill (of which the reporter has not a copy)
underwent some amendment on motion of Mr.
BRODHEAD and Mr. DE MOTT.
Mr. LAWRENCE stated briefly some general
objections to the bill, which were replied to by
Mr. BRODHEAD, who yielded the floor for in-
quiry to Messrs. THURMAN, GRINNELL, and
GORDON.
On motion of Mr. BRODHEAD, a section was
added repealing all laws or parts of laws inconsist-
ent with this act.
Mr. GORDON moved a recommitment of the
bill to the Committee on Commerce, and indicated
cert-iiii instructions, which were not, however, for-
mally moved.
On the motion to recommit, no quorum voted.
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, April 23, 1846.
OREGON NOTICE.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee of Con-
ference on the part of the Senate on the disagree-
ing vote of the two Houses on the question of
notice to Great Britain for terminating the treaty
of joint occupation of the Oregon territory, reported
as follows:
The Committee of Conference on the part of the
Senate on the disagreeing vote of the two Houses
on the joint resolution of the House of Represent-
atives, entitled " Joint resolution of notice to Great
' Britain to annul and abrogate the convention be-
4 tween Great B'itain and the United States of the
4 Oth August, 1827, relative to the country on the
' northwest coast of America westward of the Stony
4 Mountains, commonly called Oregon," respect-
fully report:
That they have met the conferees on the part of
the House of Representatives, and, after free and
full conference upon the subject of said disagreeing
votes, the joint conferees have unanimously agreed
to recommend, and do recommend, to the respec-
ts e Houses, as follows:
That the first section of the amendment of the
Senate to the original resolution of the House be
so amended as to be, in form, a preamble to the
second section of the said amendment.
And, that the Senate and House of Representa-
tions respectively recede from their disagreements
to the amendment and amendment to the amend-
ment of the original resolution of the House, and
mutually agree to substitute therefor the following
joint resolution:
.IOTNT RESOLUTION concerning the Oregon territory.
" Whereas, by the convention concluded the 20th day of
October, eighteen hundred and eighteen, between the United
States of America and the King of the United Kingdom of
Great Britain and Iieland, for the period of ten years, and
afterwards indefinitely extended and continued in force by
another convention of the same parties, concluded the sixth
day of August, m the year of ourLo/d one thousand eight
hundred and twenty-seven, it was agreed that any country
that may be claimed by either party on the northwest coast
of America westward of the Stony or Rocky Mountains,
now commonly called the Oregon territory, should, together
with its harbors bays, and creeks, and the navigation of ail
rivcw within the .-ame, be c tree and open to the vessels,
citizens, dud subjects ot the two Powers, but without preju-
dice to any claim which either of the parties might have to
any part of said country; and with this further provision, in
the second article or the said convention of the sixth ot* Au-
gust, eighteen hundred and twenty-seven, that either party
might abrogate and annul said convention, on giving due
notice of twelve months to the other contracting party:
"And wheieas it has now become desirable that the re-
spective claims of the United States and Great Britain
shouid be definitely settled, and that said territory may no
longer than need bj remain subject to the evil consequences
of the drvided allegiance of its American and British popu-
lation, and of the confusion and conflict of national jurisdic-
tions, dangerous to the cherished peace and good under-
standing ot the two countries:
"With a view, therefore, that steps be taken for thp ab-
rogation of the s-aid convention of the sixth of Augu t, eigh-
teen hundn-d and twenty-seven, in the mode prescribed in
its second article, and that the attention of the Governments
of both countries may be tile more earnestly directed to the
adoption of all proper measures for a >peedy and amicable
adjustment of the differences and disputes in regard to the
said tern lory—
"Resolved by the Seriate and House of Representatives of the
United States of America in Congress assembled, That the
President of the United States be, and he is hereby, autho-
rized, at Ins discretion, to give to the Government of Gieat
Biitam the notice requited by the second article of the-said
convention of the sixth of Au^u&t, eighteen hundred and
twenty seven, for the abrogation of the same."
JOHN MACPI1ERSON BERRIEN,
THOMAS CORWIN,
WM. II. HAYWOOD, jr.,
Ojimnffl ce on tfic part of the Senate.
C. J. INGERSOLL,
ROBERT DALE OWEN,
HENRY W. MILLIARD,
Committee on the pail of the House.
TJie Report having been read, Mr. BERRIEN
submitted the following resolution, viz:
Resolved, That the Senate agree to the report of
the Committee of Conference, and that the joint
resolution of the House of Representatives be
amended accordingly.
Mr. ALLEN rose and said : If I understand
correctly from the reading of the resolution as now
proposed from the Committee of Conference, that
part of it which relates to giving the notice is ex-
actly m the same words as the resolution passed
by the Senate, and sent to the House of Repre-
sentatives. It may be, however, that I have mis-
apprehended the resolution from only having heard
it read once.
Mr. BERRIEN. The Senator from Ohio is cor-
rect; it is precisely the same resolution as that
passed by the Senate.
Mr. ALLEN. So I supposed, sir. The only
material change made, as I understand, is that by
which the preamble to the resolution which went
from the Senate is restored to its proper position
in the proceedings as a preamble, instead of form-
ing a part of the positive resolve of the Senate—that
is, it is restored to the condition it was in when
the original motion was made by the Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,] by a motion to
amend which, that part of the resolution assumed
the form of a preamble. By the subsequent action
of the Senate adopting the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Maryland, [Mr. Johnson,] the preamble
was incorporated into, and became a part of, the
resolution. The amendment proposed by the
Committee of Conference is, to restore the parts of
the Senate resolution to the same relation they
bore to each other in the original proposition; i. e.
to make that part which was originally a preamble,
again assume that form, which it had lost by the i
action of the Senate, incorporating it into the body '
of the resolution. I believe that is the result of
the proceedings of the Committee of Conference, j
There is, I am reminded by the Senator from
Arkansas, [Mr. Sevier,] a slight change in the
last clause of the preamble.—a change of phrase-
ology, but not of fact. So that we have here, sub-
stantially, the resolution as passed by the Senate;
and the old question arises, whether this body
approves the resolution m that form' This will
impose 011 me the necessity of recording my vote
against the proceeding. Upon- the question of
agreeing, I wish to record my name, for the reasons
I have given on a former occasion, and which I
shall not now repeat, against these proceedings.
Mr. SEVIER inquired, what would be the effect
of a final vote on the resolution? Supposing the
report of the committee of conference should be
rejected, what became of it then? "Would the vote
be final ?
The PRESIDENT replied, it would not neces-
sarily be final. It would be competent for the two
Houses to have another conference.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, moved to lay
the report 011 the table, remarking that the Senate
was not yet full; but immediately withdrew'itv
Mr. ALLEN. I believe the Senator indicates a
desire that the vote should not be taken now. I
move it be passed informally by till one o'clock.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I know of no Senator
absent. I think we may as well proceed.
Here there were very general calls of " ques-
tion," " question," " go on," &c.
Mr. ALLEN. There are several Senators ab-
sent from this side of the house. It is now only
a quarter after twelve o'clock, and I move that the
taking of the vote be postponed till one o'clock this
day.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PENNYBACKER presented the petition
of the heirs of William Grayson, an officer in the
revolutionary army, praying to be allowed comitfu-
tation pay; which was referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, presented the
petition of shipowners and masters, and other citi-
zens of Baltimore, Maryland, praying that the
pilot laws of 1837 may not be repealed; which was
laid on the table.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a remonstrance of
farmers of Herkimer county, New York, against
the renewal of Jethro Wood's patent; which was
laid on the table.
Mr. ATCHISON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Missouri, praying the establishment of a
mail-route from Gallatin, in Daviess county, to St.
Joseph's in Buchanan county, and from Platts-
burg, Clinton county, to Athens, in Gentry coun-
ty, State of Missouri; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office awl Post .Roads.
Mr. SEVIER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was agreed to;
Resolved, That the. Secretary of the Treasury
be requested to transmit to the Senate the supple-
ment to the Synopsis of Treasury Instructions for
the administration of the revenue laws from 1789
to the present time, purporting to illustrate the or-
ganization and the operations of the Treasury De-
partment, and its various bureaus, and that he
accompany the same with his views in relation to
the work.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE submitted the following
resolution; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
directed to inquire into the expediency of erecting
a light-Bouse at or near the moutfrof the Straits of
St. Marie, at the upper extremity of Lake Huron;
also, at or near Point Wabeshance, in the Straits
of Michilimacinac and the northern extremity of
Lake Michigan; also, at the head of Green Bay,
near the mouth of Fox river, in the Territory of
Wisconsin, and of making appropriations therefor.
Mr. PENNYBACKER, from the Committee
of Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Joseph
Watson, which was read and passed to a second
reading. The accompanying report was ordered
to be printed.
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, it was ordered that
500 additional copies of the recent message from
the President of the United States, in relation to
the feuds among the several bands of Cherokee In-
dians, be printed for the use of the Senate.
The act for the relief of Charles W. Bmgley, of
Charleston, South Carolina, was taken up, read a
third time, and passed.
The following resolution, submitted on the 21st
instant, by Mr. Bent on, was considered and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to transmit to the Senate the proceedings of the
court of inquiry, of which Brigadier General Wool
was President, lately held 'at Springfield* (Massa-
chusetts,) to inquire into certain charges against J.
