1840.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
717
W. Ripley, superintendent of the armory at that
place, together with the testimony and proof taken
by said court.
JURISDICTION OVEIt OREGON.
^ The Senate resumed the consideration of a mo-
tion, submitted on the 21st instant by Mr. Breese,
that the vote by which the, bill to protect the rights
of American citizens in Oregon was referred to the
Committee on Territories, be reconsidered.
Mr. BREESE said that , on examination of the
bill, it would be found that the reference to the
Committee on Territories was not the proper one.
One portion of it properly belonged to the Judiciary
Committee; another to tlie Committee on Military
Affairs; another to the Committee on Public Lands*,
and another to the Committees on the Post Office
and Post Roads and Finance. He thought it would
be the best course to send the bill to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. BENTON suggested that the bill be divided
out to the appropriate committees.
Mr. BREESE was quite ready to agree to that
suggestion.
Mr. EVANS remarked, that he believed the ref-
erence to the Committee on Territories was ordered
on motion of the chairman of that committee, who
was not now in his seat. In his (Mr. E.'«) judg-
ment, the reference was an appropriate one; and
he moved that the further consideration of the sub-
ject be postponed till to-morrow, in order to afford
to the chairman of the Committee on Territories
an opportunity of expressing his views. The mo-
tion to postpone was then agreed to.
Mr. UPHAM moved that the prior orders he
postponed, and that the Semite lake up the bill Tor
the relief of John P. Skinner, and the legal iep-
resentatives of Isaac Greene; which motion wa«
agreed to.
The bill was considered ay in Committee of the
Whole; when
Mr. SEVIER submitted a few remarks in oppo-
sition thereto, in the course of which, he stated
that the petitioners wdrc sureties for a defaulter to
the United States to the amount of $13,000; the
suictics had paid $>(5,000, were released from the
balance, and now it was proposed to refund the
$6,000 paid by the nineties, Mr. S. considered
that if this bill was passed, it would establish a
precedent, which, if followed up, would destroy
entirely all benefit of the surety system.
Mr. BERRIEN explained, that when the defal-
cation was discovered, the principal was in posses
sion of property out of which the United States
might have been reimbursed; the sureties applied
to the proper authorities, and asked a pioMcrution
of the principal. The United States neglecting to
prosecute, the only question was, whether Con-
gress would compel the sureties to pay that which
the Government Thud lost, by ne^li'tenee. Mr. B.
said that Congress decided m the negative, and
released the sureties from the payment of the
balance of defalcation; the same reasons for this
release were good in behalf of the claim of the
sureties for the amount which the bill contemplates
to refund.
Mr. COLQUITT replied to Mr. i.eutur.N', ta-
king the ground that the sureties stood in the same
relation to the principal as did the United States,
and should themselves have brought a suit.
After some further conversation between Sena-
tors PHELPS, COLQJJITT, and NILES, the
latter gentleman gave way to u motion by
Mr. BERRIEN, that the Senate take up the re-
port of the conference committee, which had bun
made the special order for one o'clock, which hour
had arrived; which motion was agieed to.
REPORT OF THE CONFERENCE COMMITTEE.
Mr. BERRIEN then renewed his call for the
question on the resolution of concurrence submit-
ted by him.
Mr. SEVIER requested the Senator to state the
difference between the Senate amendment, and
the resolution proposed by the conference coninut-
^Mr. BERRIEN replied, that the committee of
conference propose to restore the resolution to the
form originally proposed by Mr. Crittenden,
with the following alteration, to wit: in the last
< clause of the preamble, instead of " and that the
' attention of the Governments of both countries
6 may be more earnestly and immediately directed
4 to renewed efforts for the settlement of all their
' differences and disputes in respect to said terri-
* tory," insert, " and that the attention of the Gov-
4 ernments of both countries may be the more
4 earnestly directed to the adoption of all proper
* measures fw a speedy ami amicable adjustment of
4 the differences and disputes in regard to said ter-
4 ritory," Also, in the resolution, instead of44 give
4 to the British Government the notice required by
4 its said second article for the abrogation of the
4 said convention of the (Jth of August, 1327," insert
44 give to the Government of Great Britain the no-
1 tice required by the second article of the said con-
tention for the abrogation of the some." The
House amended that amendment of the Senate by
striking out, uand immediately directed to renew-
ed efforts for the amicable settlement,M and by
substituting the words u directed to the importance
of a speedy adjustment." The cnmmiuce of con-
ference had agreed to strike out ftom the amend-
ment of the House from the word 44 importance"
inclusive, and to insert 44 adoption of all proper
4 measures for the amicable settlement of all their j
4 differences or disputes in respect to said terri- j
4 tory.'5 If in order, he avdeed the yeas and nays j
on the question. j
Mr. CAMERON said he should vote for the re- ]
port of the committee, and before he did so, he !
wished to say a word or two in explanation of his !
vote. i
Mr. C. said he was in favor of a plain notice, |
and on every vote pending the termination of the ii
question he had been with the friends of it. Next, (j
he was willing to take the notice which came from jj
the House of Representatives, and had voted for j!
it. Failing to get either id* them, he had voted lor j!
the resolution which hud passed the Senate, lie i1
did so because he tonsideied U more important to !;
the interests of the count] y that the action of (Jon- ;;
gress on this important question should be mdi-<
cated by unanimity than it was to have that action h
expre.ssed in any particular form; and, above all, j;
he believed that a speedy Heitiemeni of the- impend- j,
ing difficulties between the two countnes could •
only be had by terminating the joint occupancy of H
the territory in dispute. Until a point was fixed ;;
at which this state of tiiicct Utility must cease, he !
did not believe the qtu stion of peace or wai would ;
bo determined. \\
The President, in his annual message, had asked j:
for authority to give the notice to terminate the
joint occupancy under the treaty, and, having full
confidence in his integrity, capacity, and patriot-
ism, Mr. C. was willing to trust the whole question
in his hands.
Air. </. said he believed fully in our right to the
whole country in dispute; that our title only ter-
minates where the Russian hue begins, at 54* 40';
but he did not think this the proper time or place
to ai«;ue the tide. U euuld lie better done by the
Executive in arranging a treaty or insisting upon
our rights. lie had dune so in the published cor-
respondence. When a treaty should be agreed on
by the negotiators of the two countries, the Senate
could revise their acts. This course Mr. C. thought '■
would have been muie uspcciful to the President, ij
and in the end better for the country. But as the I!
defeat of the present notice would, m his opinion, j,
be a defeat of the notice during the present session ij
of Congress, he should \ote for it, without mean- ji
ing to commit himself in iavor of any treaty which j.
should not secure to the United States the whole of '!
our jutft rights m Oregon* j!
On the question of concurring in the report, the p
yeas and nays were ordered, and, being taken, re- n
suited as follows; «
YKAS—Mckmx Archer, Ashley, Athertoij, Bagby, War- '|
row, Heiitmi, Heineu, t'alhouu, Cameron,Thomas Clayton, |i
John M. Ct.'ntim, i'ulquitt, Cnrvun, Ciilienden, Davis, Ilix, H
Kwtn-, Hreehe, Havuood. lions-ton, Uuntiugtoiu Jarmigm, i<
Johnson of Murjhiiifl, Johnson t>( l.ouiMatia, Lewis Me- }
Duihc. Mungum, Milter, Morchend, Nil.'-, IVarce, Penny- ;;
backer, I'helps, UusK, Sewer, fttmttotte, Speight, Turn**'}*, j|
I'pttam. WetMer, Woodiaidc;.-. Voice — j
NWS—Me^r*. Allen, Aret.ison, Uree.se, Bright, Cans, s,
Dickinson, Fan field, Jennet, Hemph\ We&icott— It). '
Mr. D1X moved that the report submitted yes- !'
terday m the case of Charles W. Bingly be print- '•
ed for the use of the Senate; which motion was \\
agreed to. b
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS* ji
Mr. ARCHER moved to postpone prior orders, ij
and that the Senate resume the consideration of the \-
unfinished business of yesterday, to wit: the bill;;
in relation to Fiench spoliation claims. j'
The bill U as follows: u
A BILL to provide for the ascertainment of claims of Amer-
ican citizens for spoliations prior to the thirty-first day of
July, one thousand eight hundred and one.
Be U enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United Slates of America in Congress assembled, That
satisfaction shall be made, to an amount not exceeding five
millions of dollars, to such citizens of the United States, or
to their legal representatives, as had valid claim* to indem-
nity upon the Preach Government, arising out of illegal cap-
tures, detentions, forcible seizures, Illegal condemnations
and confiscations, committed prior to the ratification of the
convention between the United States and the French Re-
public, concluded on the thirtieth day of September, one
thousand tight hundred, the ratifications of which were ex-
changed on the thirty-first day of July following i Promded,
That the provisions of this act shall not extend to such
claims as are stipulated for and embraced in the convention
between the United States and rhc French Republic, con-
eluded on the thirtieth day of April, one thousand eight
hundred and three, and for the liquidation and payment
whereof provision h made in the said convention? nor to
such claims as were allowed and paid, in whole or in part,
under the provisionsof the treaty between the United States
and Spain, concluded cm the mcntj-seeond day of Febiu-
ary, one thou-and eight hundred iutd nineteen ; nor to such
chum* as were allowed, m whole or in part, under the pro-
visions of the treaty between the United States and France,
corn-hided on the fourth day of Julv, one thousand eight hun-
dred and thirty-one: Jlnd provided, aho, That in all cases
of tiansfer or assignment, no claimant shall he entitled to re-
ceive aa amount beyond the consideration paid,and interest
thereon.
Sec. '2. Jliid be it further enacted, That, for the purpose of
carrying into effect ihe provisions of this act, and to ascertain
the Hill ammmt and validity of said claims, three commis-
sioners shall be appointed by the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, who shall meet at the city
of Washington, on or before the fir>.t Monday in October
ne\t, and within the space of two years from the tune of
their tint meeting, shall receive, examine, and decide upon
the uiitount and \ahdity of nil the claims included within
the dei>eiip;i« n above-mentioned; and the Secretary of State
18 required forthwith, after the pas-age of this act, to give
noueeof the said meeting, to he published in tlnee news-
papers in Washington, and 111 such other paper-, as he may
think propei. The said contim-Moners .shall take an oath or
aiiiruKitton, to he entered oil the lecoul of their proceedings,
lor the faithful and diligent pw foim.uice of their dnucsj and,
in ca^i- of Ihe death or resignation of'any such commissioner,
tin place may he supplied bv appointment a* aforesaid, or
by the President, dining the re. e-s ofthe Senate,of another
eonnnesioner in hm stead The s:ud eninniwonner shall be
authorized to hoar and examine all questions relative to the
said chum-, and to receive all tamable testimony, on oath or
atlirmation, and all other proper evidence or documents con-
ccrnini: tin* ?auie; and the rules for the decision of said cojn-
nn-sumers shall he the principles of justice, the law of na-
tions, and the foi luer trenhei In tween the United States
and Fiance, to wit: the treaty of amity and eommeioeof
the si\th of Fehru ii), one thoiwuid seven hundred and
sevenu eight, the ire.nv ol alliance 01 the same date ; and
the eoiiHiihir convention of ihe fourteenth of" November, one
thousand seven hundred and emhtv-eight. Then decisions
shall he in writing, and filed with'their secretary, and the
individuals interested therein shall, on demand,have a copy
thereof; and the promulgation ofthe decisions of said com-
missioner* shall be in public, The said commissioners
shall not, at any one time after the first day of January next,
adjourn for a longer period than ten days, without the con-
sent of the President of the United States, in writing, first
had and obtained.
Bkc. "X Jlnd be it further enwtcil. That the said commis-
sioners shall be, ana they are hereby, authorized to make all
neodhil rules and regulations, not contravening the laws of
the land or the provisions of thib act, for carrying their said
commission into full and complete effect.
Hkc.M. he it further enacted, That it shall he the duty
of the Secretary ot Suite to procure, within the shortest
time after the passage of this act, through the American
Minister at I'aris.nr otherwise, alt such evidence and docu-
ment relating to said elaun^ us can tie obtained from abroad;
which, together with the like ewdenoe and documents on
tile in the Department of tftate, or which maybe filed in the
said department, may he used before said commissioners by
the claimants interested; but the same shall not be lemoveil
fiom the tiles of said commissioners.
Sec. T>. And be it further em'cM/,, That the awards of all
such dame* as ma\ be admitted and adjusted by the said
comuiiHsionPts, to an amount not exceeding five millions of
dollars, shall be paid pro rata; and that the said commis-
sioners, acting upon that principle, shall ascertain and li.uhe
amount to be paid upon each awaid.
Skc, 6. Ami he it jurther enacted. That the records of the
proceedings of said commissioners, and the documents pro-
duced before them, shall, after the commission is closed, be
deposited m the Department of State.
Br:c. 7. Jind be it further enacted, That the President of
the United States is hereby authorised to take any measure
which he may deem expedient for organizing the said
board of commissioners, and fortius purpose appoint, with
the advice and eon^eutof the Senate, a secretary well versed
in the French and Spanish Innjrunjres; and the said com-
missioners shall have power to appoint a clerk, and also a
ine-^engcr.
Skc. 8. Jlnd be it further maetcd, That the compensation
of the respective officers, for whose appointment provision
is made by this act, shall not exceed the following sums
w hieh shall be paid out of the appropriation hereby directed
in behalf of the said claimants:
To each commissioner, at the rate, by the year, of three
thousand dollars, for two years only. No compensation
shall bo allowed them for a longer period ;
To the secretary of the board, at ihe rate, by the year of
two thousand dollars j '
To the cleric, at the rate, by the voar, of one thousand
dollars; and to the messemnn, at the rate, by the year of
three hundred dollars: Provided. That the whole expenses
ofthe commission shall not exceed thirty thousand dollars
Src. 9. *&id be it jurther cnactcd, That, during the eonun
