718
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
uance of said commission, all documents and communica-
tions having relation to said claims, winch shall be ad-
dressed to or from the said secretary, shall be tiee from
postage.
Sec. 10. Jlni be it further enacted, That, for carrying this
act into execution, the sum of fitly thousand dollais he, and
hereby is, appropriated to be taken fiom any money in the
treasury not otherwise appropnated.
Sec. 11. Jin'l be it jwtker enacted, That the sum herein
appropriated shall be m full discharge of all claims foi com-
pensation for the class of cases provided for in this act; and
that no claim or memorial shall be received by the commis-
sioners, unless accompanied by a release and discharge of
the United States irom all other and further compensation
than lie, she, oi they may be entitled to receive under the
piovisions of this act.
Mr. CLAYTON resumed his remarks on tlie
bill. He commenced with a reference to the fact
tlmt our Ministers, sent to France in 1799, were
not accredited, because they were not authorized
to pay the bribe demanded. Subsequently, when
France notified us that she would receive any
Ministers \vc might send, the President of the
United States commissioned Chief Justice Ells-
worth, Mr. Davie, and Mr. Murray, to repair to
France, and enter into negotiations, "which led to
the treaty of 1800. Our Ministers were specially
instructed to make the indemnity to our citizens
for spoliations a sine qua non. Falling to effect
this, they oflered to buy out, for a consideration
of eight millions of francs, the two articles (the
11th and 17th) of the treaty of amity and com-
merce; which was refused. France offeied the
17th (the article of guaranty) for ten millions. In
no instance did our Ministers yield, or France
deny, that she was responsible for the indemnity.
Talleyrand, in a letter to Gerry, disavows the acts
of spoliation, and asserts that a remedy was pre-
paring. The convention of 1800 was at length
concluded. Our Ministers pressed the French
commissioners for the payment of these indemni-
ties to no purpose; and the true reason, as proved
by the minutes of our commissioners, was, that
the French cullers weie exhausted, and that France
was then making her strongest efforts to obtain
the peace of Amiens, which was soon afterwards
concluded.
The last article of the convention provides for
the payment of all debts between either Govern-
ment and individuals, or between the individuals of
either Government, with a special exclusion of the
indemnities for spoliations. When the convention
came to the United States for ratification, objec-
tions were made to the second article, on party
grounds. The Federalists had a majority in the
Senate, and voted to expunge the second articlc;
and, as a vote of two-thirds could not be obtained
for that article, it. was expunged. From an ex-
amination of the politics of those who voted to ex-
punge, he concluded that they were actuated by a
desire to get rid of the French treaties; but they
had no intention to expunge the indemnities. He
could find no authorities to prove that the release
from the treaties would have been a release from
the indemnities; and there was no ground to deny
the liability of the United States Government for
them.
Mr. Murray, (our Minister at the Hague,)
who was entrusted with the exchange of ratifi-
cations, evaded saying anything about the indem-
nities, and wrote home to the State Department
that he should evade it. But Talleyrand pressed
him to assign the motive of the United States Gov-
ernment for the expunging of the second article;
and he was compelled to reply. He replied by an
ingenious evasion, stating that in the absence of all
instiuctions, he could only conjecture that it was
intended to remove all ulterior causes of dilfercnce
between the two nations. The French diploma-
tists took him at his word, and required him to
add an article carrying out this idea, by which
both countries were released from any mutual lia-
bilities oil the score of indemnity for spoliations.
Having thus disposed of the history of the case,
he entered into the argument upon the bill. He
laid down two propositions, and stated that if he
sustained both, or either, he should have made out
an irresistible case.
His first proposition was: That the claims pro-
vided for in this bill were admitted by France,
and renounced, or sacrificed by us, in the conven-
tion of 1800, for the purpose of procuring an ex-
emption from the obligations of the treaty of 1788, I
and the consular convention of 1780.
His second proposition was, that, suppose the !
treaties to have been made invalid, whether in con-
sequence of war, or by the'act of 1798, which de- 1
clared them void, in that case these claims were
renounced or sacrificed by the convention of 1800,
for the purpose of avoiding a war with France,
preventing future spoliations, and securing the
other advantages contemplated by the convention
of 1800.
In sustaining his proposition, he proceeded to
show that those treaties had not been annulled by
war, between the dates of their conclusion and the
conven tion of 1800; defining what was, according to
the law of nations, a state of war; and showing
that none of our acts of Congress, in that interval,
could properly bear the construction that they
were of a belligerent character. In doing this, he
referred to all the acts of Congress, which had re-
ference to our relations with France, commenting
upon them as he proceeded, for the purpose of
showing that they sustained his position, that
there had been no state of war existing between
the two countries. He also" produced an original
letter from John Adams, in which he congratu-
lates himself on his success in preventing war, and
securing the continuance of peace.
But supposing that there had been war, he de-
nied that war extinguished debts; ane if war did
not extinguish debts, it did not destroy the indem-
nities; nor was he disposed to admit that it always
abrogated treaties.
Did the act of 1798 annul these treaties ? The
question was, whether Congress could annul a
treaty. This, he insisted, could "only be done by
the treaty-making power. He referred to the
Federalist, where the assertion is to be found, that
the legislative authority could not annul a treaty.
To the same conclusion the decision of Mr. Jef-
ferson and Mr. Marshall came. But if the. act of
Congress did repeal the treaties, it had no retro-
spection or retroactive operation; and therefore
only affected subsequent operations, while all the
important acts, which could have been construed
into a violation of treaties, took place before that
period.
Whether the treaties were extinguished or not,
he contended that, under the law of nations, France
was still responsible for these claims up to the time
when our Government surrendered them. He
then referred to a list of authorities—Livingston,
Monroe, Marshall, (clarum et venerabile nomen,)
Napoleon Bonaparte, (who forced us to sign an
article renouncing the indemnities,) Madison, and
Pickering; and with these, and a brief argument m
support of his second proposition, in which he
pointed out the facts which sustained him in his
view that the United States Government had as-
sumed these indemnities, for the purposes he had
specified in his proposition. Mr. C. concluded his
remarks.
Mr. 1JIX then obtained the floor for the purpose
of replying to Mr. Clayton.
On motion,
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns it ad-
journ to meet on Monday.
On motion of Mr. FAIRFIELD, the Senate
then proceeded to the consideration of Executive
business; and, after some time spent therein, the
doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, Jipril 23, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. BOYD offered a resolution providing that
all debate on this bill should cease in one hour and
a half after it should again be taken up in commit-
tee, unless sooner disposed of, and that the com-
mittee should then proceed to vote on amend-
ments pending, or to be offered.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL moved to amend the
resolution by striking out " one hour and a half-
after it shall have been taken up in committee,"
and inserting " two o'clock."
Mr. GRAHAM moved that the resolution and
amendment be laid on the table.
And the question having been taken, and decided
in the affirmative, the resolution and amendment
were laid on the table.
The SPEAKER announced the unfinished busi- >
ness to be the special order of yesterday, the bill
to establish the Smithsonian institution for the in- j
crease and diffusion of knowledge among men. i
On motion of Mr. OWEN, the House resolved i
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Burt, of South Carolina, in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the said
bill.
Mr. Marsh was entitled to the floor.
THE NOTICE.
Mr. C. J. INGERSQ.LL, one of the managers
of the joint committee of conference on the part of
this House on the.disagreeing votes of-the two
Houses in relation to the joint resolution of notice,
had entered the Hall ad interim, and a motion was
made by
Mr. PRICE, that the committee rise to receive
the report of the committee.
After a brief conversation on a point offset—
Mr MARSH yielded the floor to—
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, who was understood
by the reporter to say: I do not wish, Mr. Chair-
man, that the committee should rise; but I will, if
the committee please, make a brief explanation
here.
The joint committee of conference have unani-
mously agreed upon a report. It seems to be a
mutter at least questionable, if not certain, inas-
much as the papers are with the Senate, that it is
not in order to report here until a report shall have
been made in that, body, and sent to us. There-
fore, at the last meeting of the committee, a few
minutes ago, it was understood between us, and I
consider myself bound by that understanding, that
our report should not be made until we shall have
heard from the Senate. I do not, therefore, see any
necessity* forthe committee to rise until a few mo-
ments after we shall have received a message from
that body.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
The committee resumed the consideration of the
bill to establish the Smithsonian institution, forthe
increase and diffusion of knowledge among men.
MrvMARSH addressed the committee in favor
of action on the subject, urging the necessity of
delivering the nation from the reproach -of unfaith-
fulness to the solemn trust reposed in it by the
testator. He was understood to say that what-
ever plan was adopted, must,.of necessity, be one
of compromise; and that th'ough he woiild have
preferred the plan as originally designed, yet "he
should cheerfullyacc6.de to it as proposed to'Be
modified. - And he would vote for the bill under
the hope that it would be so modified hereafter as
to be a more fitting representative of the object of
the donor.
Mr. MORSE said he desired to submit a few
observations in relation to the disposition of this
fund.
Expressing the pleasure which he had derived
from the argument of the learned and eloquent gen-
tleman, [Mr. Marsh,] who had just taken his seat;
he (Mr. Morse) was still of opinion that if any,
thing could be drawn from the character of the tes-
tator, or from his habits' and pursuits, as to the
direction which he desjred his bequest should talce,
it was of a much more practical nature than that
contemplated either by the.gentleman from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Marsh,] or by the originators of the
bill before the House. 'Mr. Smtthson was a prac-
tical man; and although endowed "frith the highest
learning, he yet condescended to devote his "time to
a subject of the most domestic and homely charac-
ter. If his intention had been to establish a uni-
versity, or a magnificent library, and thus to have
his name transmitted to posterity, it would have
been easy for him to have said so, and nothing
would have been left to this country but to carry-
out his enlightened and liberal intentions. But he
had no doubt studied the peculiar character of the
American people, and discovered, that whilst they
entertained a proper respect for the learning and
genius of the German universities, of the sciences
taught in the universities of Europe, still there
was something in the common sense and practical
knowledge of that people which comported with
his notions; and he desired that this money should
be devoted to some plan of diffusing practical and
useful knowledge amongst them.
Mr. M., referring to some portions of the argu-
ment of Mr. Marsh, inquired what there was in
the learning and science of Europe comparable to
the discovery of the steam engine by an American,
or of the cotton-gin, or of the magnetic telegraph?
All our inventions had a tendency to Improve the
condition of the human race, and particularly of the
common people; and it was no doubt tinder a just
