720
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28.
hitherto received, or hereafter to be leceived, until the time
of making such appropriations, in such manner as they
shall doem suited, to redeem the pledge of the faith of the
United States, to the application of the funds of the bequest
ofthe said James Smitlison, to the specific piapose pre-
scribed by the testator.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That until the arrears
of interest due bv the said States of Arkansas, Illinois, and
Michigan, to the'Umtcd State?, upon their said respective
bonds shall have been received at the treasury of the United
Staces, no appropriation shall be made by Congress charge-
able upon the people ofthe United States*, for tiie fulfilment
of the purposes pre&cnbed by the testator, James Smithson,
for the disposal of his bequest.
Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted, That within the first
thirty days of each and every successive session of Con-
gress, it shall be the duty of tne Secretary of the Treasury
to repoit to Congress trio then actual state of the Smithso-
nian fund, and paiticularly the amount of arieais ot'interest
due upon the said bonds of the States of Arkansas, Illinois,
and Michigan; together with copies of ail correspondence,
showing the result of the means of moral suasion used during
the preceding year, to obtain payment of the said an ears of
interest; and the said annual reports shall be printed for the
information ofthe people.
And then, on motion of Mr. J. R. INGER-
SOLL, the further consideration of the subject was
postponed until Monday next.
CANAL BOATS.
The House took up the unfinished business on
the Speaker's table, being the bill in relation to the
licensing of canal boats.
Mr. P. KING said, the bill was an important
one; it was easily understood, and could be amend-
ed in the House, if further amendments were ne-
cessary; he therefore begged his colleague [Mr.
Gordon] to withdraw his motion to lecommit.
Mr. GORDON withdrew the motion.
Mr. GRINNELL said, the object of the bill is
to exempt vessels or canal-boats from the requisi-
tions of the act of 1793, regulating the coasting
trade. By that act all vessels over twenty tons are
required to be enrolled and licensed. The owner,
before receiving the enrolment and license, is re-
quired to give bond in a penalty of $200 to §1,000,
according to the size of the vessel, that the vessel
shall not be employed in any illicit trade; in other
words, that she shall not be employed in defraud-
ing the revenue. This regulation (Mr. G. said)
has been found very important in guarding the rev-
enue, and has operated to prevent smuggling. The
bill now before the House would allow vessels of
a certain class, called canal-boats, to carry on the
coasting trade free of these restrictions; for in-
stance, the trade between New York and Philadel-
phia, through the Raritan and Delaware canal,
could be carried on by these canal-boats free from
all the restrictions and guards imposed by the act
of 1793. If one of them were detected in defraud-
in0- the revenue, the only forfeiture would be, that
of the vessel; whereas, if she were enrolled and
licensed, the owner would be subjected to the pen-
alty provided by law, and the bond given on taking
out the enrolment and license would be forfeit-
ed, and the captain would also be subjected to
penalty. Mr. G. inquired, would it be right to
compel vessels employed in the same trade between
New York and Philadelphia, by the way of Sandy
Hook and the Delaware bay, to take out enrol-
ment and license, and subject the persons employ-
ed on board of them to the payment of hospital
money, when those passing via the canal would
be free?
Mr. G. was here interrupted by a message from
the Senate.
; THE NOTICE.
A message was received from the Senate, by the
hands of A. Dickens, Esq., informing the House
that the Senate had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference (made to the Senate by the
said committee on their part) upon the joint res-
olution of the House of notice to Great Britain to
annul and abrogate the convention of the Gth of
August, 1827, lelalive to the country on the north-
west coast of America, westward of the Stony
Mountains, commonly called Oregon.
By general consent,
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, from the committee
on the part of this House, made the following re-
port, which he read himself at the Clerk's table:
The committee of conference on the part of the
House of Representatives on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the joint resolution of the
House of Representatives, entitled " Joiut resolu-
tion of notice to Great Britain to annul and abiogate
the convention between Gieat Britain and the Uni-
ted States of the Gth of August, 1827, relative to
the country on the northwest coast of America,
westward of the Stony Mountains, commonly
called Oregon," respectfully report:
That they have met the conferees on the part of
the Senate, and, after free and full conference upon
the subject of said disagreeing votes, the joint con-
ferees have unanimously agreed to recommend,
and'do recommend, to the respective Houses, as
follows:
That the first section of the amendment of the
Senate to the original resolution of the House be
so amended as to be, in form, a preamble to the
second section of the said amendment.
And that the Senate and House of Representa-
tives respectively recede from their disagreements
to the amendment and amendment to the amend-
ment of the original resolution of the House, and
mutually agree to substitute therefor the following
joint resolution:
JOINT RESOLUTION concerning the Oregon'Territory.
Whereas, by the convention concluded the 20th day of
October, 1818, between the United States of America and the
King of the United Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland,
for the peiiod of ten yeais, and afterwards indefinitely
extended and continued m force b> another convention of
the same parties concluded the 6tii day of August in the year
of our Lord, 1827, it was agreed that any country that may
be claimed by cither party on the northwest coast of Ameri-
ca, westward of the Stony or Rocky Mountain-*, now com-
monly called the Oregon temtoiy, should, together with its
haibors, bays, and creeks, and the navigation of all livers
within the^me, be free and open to the vessels, citizens,
and subject? of the two powers; but without prejudice to
any claim which either ofthe parues might have to any part
of said country; and with this fuitber piovision in the 2d
article ofthe said convention ofthe 6th of August, 1827, that
either party might abrogate and annul said convention on
giving the notice of twelve months to the othei contracUng
paity:
And whereas it has now become desirable that the respec-
tive claims ofthe United States and Great Britain should be
definitely settled, and that said teiritory may no longer than
need be remain subject,to the evil consequences of the di-
vided allegiance of it.s American and British population, and
of the confusion and conflict of national jurisdictions, dan-
gerous to the cherished peace and good undersfandingof the
two countries:
With a view, therefore, that steps be taken for the abroga-
tion of the ?aid convention of the 6th of August, 1827, in the
mode presciibed m its 2d article, and that the attention of
the Governments of both countries maybe the moie earnest-
ly directed to the adoption of all proper measures for a speedy
and amicable adjustment of the differences and disputes in
regard to the said territory:
Revolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the
United States of J2merica in Congress assembled. That the
President of the United States be, and he is hereby, autho-
lized, at his discretion, to give to the Government of Great
Britain the notice lequirod by the second aiticle of the said
convention of the sixth of August, eighteen hundred and
twenty-seven, for the abrogation of the same.
C. J. INGERSOLL,
ROBERT DALE OWEN,
HENRY W HILLIAItD,
Committee on 1he •part ofthe House.
JN. MACPHEKPON BERRIEN,
THOMAS COKWIN,
WILLIAM IL HAYWOOD. Jr.,
Committee on the part of the Senate.
Mr. I. concluded by offering the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the House agree to the report of
the Committee of Conference, and that the joint
resolution of the House of Representatives be
amended accordingly.
Mr, BAYLY and Mr. BRODHEAD demanded
the previous question; which was seconded.
Mr. GENTRY, in order that he might vote un-
derstandingly, wished to ask a question of the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
[Mr. C. J. Ingf.rsou.,] which he (Mr. G.) would
be glad to have answered. He had heard of the
difference between twcedle-dum and tweedle-dee;
he had heard of a man
" Who could distinguish and divide
A hair 'twixt south and southwest side."
The SPEAKER interposed to order, which was
demanded in many parts of the House.
Mr. GENTRY, continuing. I desire the chair-
man ofthe Committee of Conference to perform a
task equally difficult, by explaining the difference
in substance and meaning between the resolution
of notice now reported by the House, and the re-
solution as first amended by the Senate, in which
the House lefused to concur.
Renewed cries to order.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL (to the Chair.) Am I
at liberty to answer ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will not be
in order.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I should be happy to an-
swer.
The main question (i. e. concurring in the report
of the committee) was then orderpd. Some con-
versation followed on a point of order, in which
Messrs. HAMLIN, G. S. HOUSTON, and the
SPEAKER, participated.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered on
the main question.
Mr. McCLERNAND asked to be excised from
voting; and leave being given, he said:
Mr. Speaker: I find myself in some difficulty.
If I vote to concur, it will be contrary to my incli-
nation and judgment—if I vote to non-concur, I
may be supposed to be oppose'd to " notice*'' in any
form, which is not the fact. This is the situation
in which I am placed by the report of the "com-
mittee of conference." I wish it was otherwise.
The report presents several difficulties. 'It con-
flicts with propriety and sound policy. The Pres-
ident, at the- commencement of the present Con-
gress, informed us, in his Annual Message, that he
offered to compromise the Oregon controversy upon
the 49th parallel of latitude, as the dividing line
between the American and British possessions
upon the northwest coast. This offer, he said was
made under the moral constraint of the acts of- his
predecessors. It was rejected; and he then,in ac-
cordance with his own inclination and judgment,
affirmed our title to the whole territory m dispute
by irrefragable facts and arguments. This was the
final and voluntary position assumed by the Presi-
dent in view of all the circumstances of the case.
In support of this position," a resolution of notice
was introduced into this body, and after full de-
bate, was triumphantly passed by it. The resolu-
tion contained an affirmative and a negative clause.
It operated per se to abrogate the convention, and
it disclaimed the intention and the propriety of legis-
lative interference with the treaty-making power.
It went to the Senate, and there it was amended—
and how ? By the substitution of another for it.
By substituting a virtual instruction upon the Pres-
ident to re-offer the 49th parallel; and, if necessary
to prevent war, the navigation of the Columbia
river; and a discretionary power to give or with-
hold the notice. Thus amended, it came to the
House, and the House, no doubt upon the ground
stated, rejected it. The exceptionable words were
these^that it directed " renewed efforts" of compro-
mise to be made, and authorized the President,
u at his discretion," to give the notice.
A committee of conference was appointed, and
this committee has reported—.what? The restora-
tion of the House resolution"? No. The Senate
amendment? Yes in substance and almost in
identical words. " Measures" of compromise are
substituted for "efforts" of compromise, and the
notice is left, as before, at the " discretion'*' of the
President. How then, sir, can I, who-am unwil-
ling to yield an inch of the Oregon territory—-who
voted to reject the Senate amendment—who voted
against this " committee of conference1'—anxious
as I am for notice—how, I say, can I consistently
vote for concurring in the report?
The report is more objectionable than the Senate
amendment. The latter only instructed the Presi-
dent to renew efforts left off—efforts to compromise
upon the 49th parallel. The former instructs him
to " adopt*, measures"—any measures of amicable
compromise, whether upon the 49th parallel, or
south of that line. If the Senate were willing to
concede substance, why did they not coneedejxiore
than a mere word? Why did they insist upon
equivalent terms?
Sir, I am opposed to the report, because it is
deceptive ; because it, in effect, instructs the Presi-
dent to avert war by any sacrifice of territory or
territorial right; because, having made the last
offer of compromise, we cannot now renew the
offer consistently with our own dignity and self-
respect; because it is incumbent on Great Britain
to make the next offer; and because, too, we have
no right to direct the President, or the treaty-
making power, how they shall compromise. "We
may abrogate the treaty, but we cannot control the
action of the treaty-making power. By the adop-
tion of the report, you place the President in the
dilemma of disregarding the instructions of Con-
gress to compromise by concession, or of violating-
his plighted faith to the people to maintain the
whole. By seeking to throw upon him the respon-
sibility of giving or withholding the notice, you
degrade a great national question to a miserable
party level. Who is there here who would shrink
from the responsibility of doing his duty ? Who
would not covet the glory of sharing such a respon-
sibility5
