THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE C IT Y OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, APRIL 39, 1846.
New-Series....No. 46.
Mr. Speaker, I will take the hazard of being mis-
understood, and will vote my convictions of duty.
I withdraw my motion.
The main question was then taken, and resulted
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. John Quincy Adams, Stephen Adams,
Arnold, Ashmun, Atkinson, Barringer, BuyJy, Bellinger,
Bell, Jame<! A. Hlark, Bmvlin, Boyd, Brooketibrough,
Brodhead, Milton Brown, BuflingLon, Burt, W. W. Camp-
bell, J. H. Campbell, Carroll, J. (*. Chapman, A. A. Chap-
bin, Dookery, Dunlap, Eidmuri, John H. E\viu , Edwin H.
Ewinc, Foot, Foster, Garvin, Gentry, Giles, Goodyear, Gra-
hnm,Gmler, Grinnoll, Grover, Hamlin, Hampton, Hmahon,
Harper, Hernck, HiJliard, K. B. Holmes, 1. 13. Holmes, Hop.
kins, Hough, Edmund W. Hubard, Samuel f). Hubbard,
Hudson, Hiuigerfovd, Washington Hunt, Hunter, Ctiarle3 J.
Fngersoll, Joseph R. Ingersoli, Joseph Johnson, George W.
Jones, Seaborn Jooesj D. 1'. Kinij, T. B. King, Lawieuce,
Leake, Lewis, Levin, Ligon, Lumpkin, Maclay, Met'onnetl,
McCrate, James McDowell, MeGau^hey, Mcllenry, Mcll-
vaine, McKay, Marsh, John P. Martin, Hartley Martin,
Miller, Morse, Mosoley, Owen, Payne, Pendleton, Phelps,
Pollock, Price, Hitter, Roberts, Julius Rockwell, John A.
Rockwell, Root, Bunk, Sawtelle, Hchcnek, St-ainan, Hed
don, Seveiance, Simpson, Truni.ui Hnnth, Albert Smith,
O. B. Smith, Stanton, Stephens, Stewait, Htiobm, Strong,
Sykes, Thomasson, B. Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Tilden,
Trumbo, Vance, Vinton, White, Williams, Wood, Wood-
liifl', Woodward, Wright, Yancey, Yell, and Yo-a— 143.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, William G. Brown, Catheart,
Ohipmau, Cobh, Cummins, Cnnnuajham, He Mott, Hony-
hu.s, Fuian, FiekHn, Flies, Gordon, HnrnmiiNOii, ileuley,
Ho«e, Geon$e S. Houston, JniufH B. Hunt, James H.John-
sou, Andrew Johnson, Kennedy, 1'iv.sfon Kin?, Leih, i\I<*
Clelland, Me.Glerimnd, Morrw,' Moulton, Norms Parrish,
Perrill, Pettit, Bathbuu, Kewl, Uelt'e, Sawyer, Heuminon,
Leonard II. Sims, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Stark-
weather. St. John, Tlnuman,TibbatH, VVentworth, When-
ton, and Wick—-16.
So the House agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of confcrcnce, and the joint resolution of ihe
House w s amended accordingly.
Mr. G. W. JON liS moved a reconsideration of
the vote, nnd demanded the previous queNtion;
which was .seconded
The main question was ordered > and, being taken,
the vote was 'not reconsidered.
Whereupon the Mouse adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were pre-
sented, under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
By Mr. HARMANSON: The petition of W. W. Wall,
for the location of ft certain tiaet of land in Louisiana.
By Mr. GUINNKLL : The petition of eitiaeas of Tuiro,
Massachusetts, asking lor a continuance of tin* allowance to
the owners and crews ot vessels there employed m the lib-
eries. The memonal of the representatives ot the rohtfimn
society of Friends lor the States of New York, Vermont,
Michigan, and soma parts adjacent, agaiinf war.
By Mr. ROBERT SMITH: The lucmoiiul of a Ini^e num-
ber of citizens of St. Clair county, Illinois, asserting mil
right and title to the whole of Oregon up to f>-r-Id' uoith
latitude, and piayinsj (Jongiess to extend our laws over the
tenitoiy, and to adopt active and eilieent measures* to pio-
tcct our settlers in Ure^on: jelerred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
By Mi. POLLOCK. The petition of J. MeKinncv and
128 others, citizens of Lycoming eountv. Pennsylvania,ie
inonr>tniUut* against any alteiation or reduction of the tarilf
act of J8&.
By Mr. STRONG • The remonstrance of F. B. Phelps and
others, inhabitants of Tioga county, and also from Alanson
Croats and others, citizens of Com (land counts', New York,
agaiuxl granting u renewal of Wood's patent plow to Benja-
min II. Wood or to any other poison : referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents.
By Mr. MOSELEY : The memorial of John R. St. John,
proposing to relinquish for public line, for a eon^idejaiion,
to be paid by the Government of the United States, his al-
leged invention of the means ofdiscovcnn£f,atall times and
places, the declination oi vatiatioii of the magnetic needle.
By Mr. M L. MARTIN: The petition of citizens of Roek
county, Wisconsin, foi a mail-route from .Toncsville to Chris-
tiana, via CatfL-h and Albion. The petitions of citizens of :
Dodge comity for a mail-route f'tom Watortown to "Warn- :
pum. The memorial of the legislative a^spmblyof Wiseon- |
sin relative to the claim of Major K. Hickinson. j
By Mr. HENLEY: The petition of Jaiues Warman, of
Indiana, praying compensation foi a horse lost in ranyins :
service in the year ltf32: referred to the Committee of I
Claims.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, <3pril 24, 184G.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
A suggestion was matle by Mr. RATTtBUiST,
46
which was understood to be, that his colleague,
[Mr. Maclay,] who had voted yesterday in the
negative on concurring in the report of the Com-
mittee of Conference, was recorded as voting in the
affirmative.
Mr. Maclay not being in his seat, a motion to
amend was entered, and laid over for the present.
Mr. McKAY, on leave given, reported back,
from the Committee of Ways and Means, the bill
heretofore referred to it, with sundry amendments
thereto by the Senate. It was referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. McKAY asked leave to submit a motion to
print 1,000 extra copies of the revenue bill.
Mr. STEWART suggested a larger number;
that designated not being, he thought, sufficient.
Mr. McKAY said, if there was any objection,
ho would withdraw the motion.
Mr. STEWART said, no objection; all he dp-
sired was, that a large number should be printed.
Mr. McKAY withdrew his motion.
Mr. STEWART renewed it.
Hut objections being made, the motion was not
entertained.
Mr. WUEATON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported correct the joint resolution of
notice concerning the Oregon territory.
j And the Speaker signed the said resolution.
: MCKNNING OP CANAL BOATS.
The SPKAKKll announced the unfinished busi-
ness on the Speaker's table to be the bill in relation
to the licensing, ifce. of canal boats, the pending
question heing on the motion of Mr. Hhodhkad,
to add a section repealing all acts and parts of acts
inconsistent with the bill.
Mr. GRINNELL, who commenced some re-
murks on the bill yesterday, but was interrupted
by the report of the conferees on the Oregon res-
olutions, resumed to-day, and said: Iftho present
bill should become a law, it would make many
innovations upon the system now established for
the security of the revenue; the law now requires
all vessels enrolled and licensed having on board a
certain amount of foreign goods to deliver a mani-
fest of tlie cargo to the collector, and obtain a clear-
ance for the port she is bound to, and on arrival to
enter and deliver a manifest of the cargo on hoard,
and obtain a permit to land; by this the custom-
house officers have a knowledge of the cargoes of
these vessels, and can detect any articles that have
not, paid duty. If this bill passes it would repeal
this provision of the law of IT'.Kl, so far as it is
applicable to canal boats, Mr. Or. said it was dan-
gerous to attempt in this way to exempt a particu-
lar class of vessels from a general system, which
was established with great care, and had succeeded
so well in guarding the revenue. By this bill canal
boats may take full cargoes of foreign goods sub-
ject to duty, without clearing or entering at the
custom-house, thus opening a door for enormous
frauds on the revenue.
Ho was disposed to relieve the canal boats from
all restrictions so far as it could be done with safe-
ty to the revenue, and for this purpose he had pre-
pared a substitute for the bill under consideration.
The substitute provides that tlie enrolment, license,
or register shall be granted free, and that the men
employed on hoard'canal boats shall not be sub-
jected to the payment of hospital money, nor en-
titled to the privileges of the marine hospitals; and
that canal boats shall not be libelled for the wages
of any person who may be employed on board of
them. He observed, that when canal boats enter
upon the rivers and bays, in ports of entry or de-
livery, they ought to be subjected to the same laws
as other vessels employed in the coasting trade, or
the revenue would be defrauded. By his substi-
tute they arc relieved from all expense for their
papers, and the crews from the payment of hospi-
tal money. Mr. G. said that, having administered,
as a custom-house officer, the act of 1793, and com-
plied with its provisions as a ship-owner, he knew
its provisions to be salutary: it was drawn with
great skill, and had stood the test of time; he
therefore felt the more hesitation in repealing or
relaxing any part of it. The substitute concedes
1 all to the owners of canal boats and to their crews
|j that could I e done with s&foty. Mr. G. concluded
I by moving the following substitute:
"That the owner or owner*, master or captain, or other
'i per on, einplojed in navigating canal boats, without masts
t 01 .steam power, now b> law required to be registered, Ji-
[• censed, or enrolled and lieenscd, shall not be required to
I j pay any marme hospital tax or money; nor, shall the per-
il sons employed to navigate t?uch boats receive any benefit
I or advantage ikuii the maune hospital fund; nor shall such
j owner or mvnei-, master or captain, or other persons, be
required to pay fee-, or make any ''onipensatioti, for such
h register, heen-r, or emohnent and license; nor hhall any
>, Mich boat be subject to he libelled in any of the United
jl State> eouit-, lor the wages of any person or persons who
,, may be employed on board thereof, or in navigating the
j' same.
i' Sec. 0. Jhul be it further wittrfe<1, That all act? and parts
;; of nets repugnant to the provwon-. of this act be, ana the
;j same are hereby, iepealed."
| JVIr. J. It. INGERSOLL did not think the sub-
,i stitute would meet the objects intended to be ae-
jj coiriplished. He had seen a correspondence be-
tween officers of the (government ana peisons in-
p torested in these boats, which did not contemplate
'j the licensing of canal boats at all. The act from
;■ the operation of which it was desired to exempt
,i these boats was passed in 1793, when there was
: no such thing as a canal in the country; it was,
; therefore, passed without any reference whatever
■ to the class of boats which it was now wished to
relieve from the hardships and inconveniences of
I us operation. Mr. 1. then went on to describe, in
. graphic terms, the dillcrence between the vessels
, contemplated by the Jaw of 17513 and the canal
j boats now in use, and showed its entire inapplica-
!. bility to these boats, as well ax the gruxt injustice
Ij of subjecting them to its operation.
Mr. POLLOCK said the tirgumont of his col-
j1 league [Mr. J. It. Inukksoll] was conclusive
j u^mnut the application of the net of 1793 to canal
[ touts. 1 lc iras opposed to the substitute moved by
1 Mr. OiiiNN-K.i.i., mid was in favor of the original
lull, reported by Ins other colleague, [Mr. liuou-
head.] Mr. P. answered the arguments of Mr.
| Giunnell, and entered into further details of the
: construction of canal boats, tlie business in which
i they nre engaged, and their equipment and crews,
| to illustrate the great hardships of subjecting them
i to the opera'ion of the act of 1793. '
j Mr. McKAY mud this bill had already taken up
j a good deal of time, and although it might be very
| important in the estimation of some gentlemen,
j who were particularly interested in it, he hoped that
; the debate might be brought to a close. But before
this was done, he asked permission to say a word
I or two. There were various laws regulating the
! terms on winch the foreign and domestic trade were
| to be carried on. The owners of vessels were re-
! quired to take out particular papers. Those en-
j gaged in the foreign trade were required to be regis-
; tered; those in the internal or coasting trade to be
, enrolled and licensed. The object was to prevent
I frauds on the revenue; and another important ob-
ject, in relation to the coasting trade, proposed to be
i accomplished by these laws, was, that thenionopo-
| ly of the coasting- or internal trade of the country
' should be secured to our own citizens. Mr: McIC.
! argued that this object would be defeated by tlie
' bill, since, if it passed, any foreigner might engage
i in the trade. He examined several of the other pro-
■ visions, with a view to show their objectionable
: character, and concluded by moving that the bill be
| kid on the table. And on that motion he asked
the yeas and nays, and they were ordered,
j Mr. BRODIIEAD and Mr. KATHBUN made
■ an ineffectual appeal to Mr. McKav to withdraw
the motion.
j The question, "Shall this bill be laid on the ta-
. ble.'" was then taken, and resulted as follows:
; YEAS—Messrs. Arnold. Ashmun, Atkinson, Barnngcr,
j Bayly, Redinger, lhga4!, Butlingtou, Chase, Cobb, Cranston,
l Cullom, Jefl'erson Davis,Dobbin,Douglass, Fiekhn, Gordon,
i (Jraliain, Gminell, Haralson, H;irman-on. Hopkins, George
I S. Houston, Edmund W. Hnliard, Hudson, Daniel P. King,
i Li^on, Mot'l'irnaiid; McCrate, McKay, Moulton, Price,
Reid, Roberts, Seammon, Simpson, Stephens, Thibodeaux,
Benjamin Thompson, Woodward, and Yaneey—41.
NAVS—Messrs. Jobn (I. Adams, Anderson, Bell, Broek-
, V iiii.us,ii,im,i/1 ,ili tl, UIAWII, JJMIlid]
Erdman. John 11 Ewma. Farnn. Foot. Foster, Fiicp, Otlci
