724
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
quire individuals in the country, who perhaps do
not write one letter a year, to pay their equal pro-
portion to meet the expenditures of this Post Office
Department. In other words, we taxed the coat,
the salt, the shirt, of the laboring man, to pay the
postage upon the letters written by the commer-
cial men of the country^and others who write them.
It was unjust, because they threw the burdens of
this department not on those who participated in
its advantages, but upon those who scarcely wrote
a letter.
This was unjust, and he ventured the prediction
that that injustice would be so glaring, that it would
strike all with such force, if there were not an
ulterior object behind, to wit: the quartering the
whole expenditures of every department of the
Government on customs, that it would not find an
advocate on this floor.
"Rut it was argued that these steamers were so to
be constructed as to be fit for war-steamers in case
of an emergency. He knew little concerning the
construction of steamers, but he was unwilling,
even if that were the object, to make the expendi-
ture unless the necessity arose. If wars wcie
contemplated between this and any other Govern-
ment, any distinct proposition brought forward for
the increase of our army or navy, with direct ref-
erence to that result, let the cost be what it might,
he was ready to support. But he was unwilling
to sustain a proposition of the description of that
before the committee—taxing the Libonng classes
for the benefit of the merchants of Boston, New
York, Philadelphia, Baltimore, &c.
If the revenues of the department were equal to
it, then, and not till then, was he willing to enlarge
the operations of the department. He was willing
and desirous that evuiy dollar derived through the
Post Office Department should be applied to the
extension of mail conveyances throughout the
whole country. In this Government, its benefits
and advantages ought to be disbursed equally over
the whole country; and he was opposed to taxing
one portion of the community for the benefit of
another portion.
Mr. W. W. CAMPBELL said it was now ten
years since the first English steamer (the Sinus)
made its appearance on the bay and harbor of New
York; and he well lemembered the thrill that run
through the whole community, and the prophccics
made, that the experiment having been tried,
American enterprise* and American industry would
carry our steamers across the ocean to every part
of Europe. During that time, Great Bnlain had
literally sent her steamers over the whole earth,
and was now destroying our trade, and interfering
with the enterprise of our people, and she would
quadruple her operations for the ten years to come.
In view of this, he repudiated the idea that we
should supinely remain without making any move-
ments ourselves until all the experiments were
tried. They would continue to be tried, and if we
waited for this, we should wait forever. We now
proposed to do but little. This was the first propo-
sition of the American Government, a Govern-
ment which had now four-fifths of the commerce
of Great Britain; and while Great Britain was
reaping the benefit of all these measures, she was
reaping the benefit at the expense of the American
Government and the American people.
He agreed with Mr. Thurman that we should
have a check on these contractors; and he read from
the contract with Mr. Miils, to show that, under
it, we already had that check; and that, during the
period of their construction, or subsequent thereto,
the steamers were liable to the supervision of the
Government, and if not found fit for war service, it
was in our power fairly to withhold any further
compensation.
He hoped, therefore, that we should not hesitate
promptly to fulfil the eontiaet, and that these means
of mail communication would be established with-
out delay—not for the benefit of the commcrcial
interests alone, as the gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. Payne] seemed to think, but of all the inter-
ests of the country. The agricultural and other
interests found their market and their supply of
foreign imports through the commercial interests,
and all were alike interested in this plan of facilita-
ting mail communication.
Mr. HAMLIN would not detain the committee
long. He concurred substantially with the able
report of the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Hil-
liaud.] He was in favor of this measure, because
it was designed to extend the facilities of mail com-
munication to our own people at home, and those
abroad, and incidentally to aid the commercial in-
terests of the country. And what were they but
interests of the constituents of the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Payne,] and the interests of the
whole country?
He did not design to repeat the general views of
this question. It was enough for him to k-now that
the reasons in its favor were sufficiently strong for
him to give it a cordial affirmative vote.
But he had risen for the purpose of replying to
the remarks of the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Payne,] in reference to the subject of cheap^ post-
age. He hoped the time had not yet arrived
when his friends here would march back from the
advance which they had made in a liberal system
of free postage. lie was in favor of it as well for
the advantage of the commerce as well as because
it was beneficial to the great interests of the coun-
try.
The gentleman's first objection was, that it was
designed eventually to throw the expenditures of
the Post Office Department upon the treasury.
To that he was as much opposed as could be the
gentleman from Alabama; and he denied entirely
that even the present rates of postage would ulti-
mately bring the burden of a particle of expense
on account of the Post Office Department upon the
treasury. And he defied the gentleman from Ala-
bama to point to a single man who had intelligently
investigated the subject, who prophesied that for
the first year the revenue, under the present re-
duced rates of postage, would be beyond what it
had been proved to be. And why, then, should
he infer that it would fall short for subsequent
years ?
Mr. PAYNE (Mr. IT. yielding) wished the
gentleman to state whether, in his opinion, the
i business men would not write, under the old rates,
every letter their business required, and whether
they would write any more than their business
required even under the existing rates of postage?
! And, secondly, if they would not, he should like
' to know what sort of increase there would be,
unless pcrchance it was in love-letters, and they
would not be sufficient to swell the amount to any
great extent. As to the prediction of what was
to be the result in the increased reveuue, under the
present decreased rates of postage, the gentleman *
was in very much the same predicament of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, when he undertook
to prove that high taxes make low prices, and that
the keeping up the tariff of 1842 would bring down
the prices of goods to nothing.
Mr, HAMLIN (resuming) thought the gentle-
man himself was in a dilemma similar to that of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania argued that high taxes make
low prices; and the gentleman from Alabama ar-
gued that low taxes on letters, or low rates of post-
age, would not increase the number of letters sent
by the mail. He answered the gentleman directly:
that there would be more letters written under the
cheap system than under the old rates, there could
be no particle of doubt. And, independent of
this, the numerous violations of the post office law,
under the old rates, by the transmission of letters
by private expresses, which, at the North, strip-
ped the department almost entirely of its revenue,
were entirely avoided under the present law, and
thereby thousands and thousands of dollars were
saved to the department which would not other-
wise be received.
Mr. H. was in favor of abolishing the franking
privilege entirely, which now remained under the
existing law, and urged the justice of the Govern-
ment, in the same manner as individuals, paying
the postage upon official communications, con-
demning the manifest oppression and injustice of
throwing this burden on the commercial and other
branches of the postage-paying community. These
classes had been taxed for years to pay for the let-
ters which were franked under the authority of the
Government. And, in addition to this, they of the
northern States were taxed $9,000,000 for postage,
while they received but $1,000,000, and $1,000,000
went to the South, to Alabama, and other States.
Yet the gentleman from Alabama, who now com-
plained of injustice, could see no injustice at all in j
this. As in' taxation of imports, so in rates of '
postage, lie was in favor of levying an amount just
equal to the corresponding expenditures of each,
and let the Government pay its proportion of the
expense,? of the department according to its mail-
able matter sent. He thought he was correct in say-
ing that the amount of free mailable matter ema-
nating from the various departments of this .city,
was $500,000, or more. He appealed Xo the chair-
man of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads to know if the amount was not as large as
that.
Mr. HOPKINS said, he thought it would not
exceed |500,000.
Mr. HAMLIN (resuming) estimated the amount
of mailable matter sent under Congressional franks
at another half million; so that, in fact, of this
$1,300,000 called for, only $300,000 was fairly to
be reckoned as a deficit of the department. And
this, he argued, was Comparatively small for the
first year, and furnished nojustcause of complaint,
when they recollected that for fifty or sixty years,
the postage-paying community had paid for the
free letters of Government, amounting to millions
and millions of dollars.
He apprehended, also, that the gentleman from
Alabama might be in error, and suppose the ap-
propriations called for from the treasury larger
than they actually were, inasmuch as, in order to
apply the revenues of the department themselves,
it was necessary that they should be appropriated
according to law; and hence the greater part of the
appropriations for the department were not "a bur-
den upon the treasury, hut were of money actually
taken in by the department itself.
But none of the advocates of low postage sup-
posed that the reduced rates would furnish revenue
enough to meet the expenses of the department for
the first year. The penny system in England for
the first year did not meet the expenditure, while
at the end of three years the revenue was more
than double. And there was nothing in the habits
and cii'cumstances of our people to prevent a like
increase of revenue. With these considerations he
had been, and still .continued, in favor of the re-
duced rates of postage, and he should vote with
all cheerfulness for this bill.
Mr. PAYNE briefly rejoined. The gentleman
from Maine (he said) had attempted to place him
(Mr. P.) in as bad a dilemjna as the gentleman
from Pennsylvania was found iq. Now, he had
submitted to the gentleman two questions. Mr.
P. repeated the questions, (as above given,) and
lie contended that the extent of correspondence on
the part of the business community, under de-
creased rates of postage, would not be increased
beyond,their business wants, (the extent which it
would attain under the old system,) while the
trifling increase of other correspondence that might
take place would go but very little towards making
up the deficiency occasioned by the reduction.
With regard to the injustice of the old system:
in its operation upon the North and the South, he
replied that a very large proportion of the mail
taxes received at Baltimore, Philadelphia, New
York, &c., were paid by people throughout the
whole TTnion, who were customers of the mer-
chants in these cities, and to whom the postage on
their business letters was regularly charged on their
accounts. ButgrantingthattheSouthhad received
a little more under the operation of the Post "Office
Department than the North, compared with their
respective taxes therefor, this was comparatively a
trifling sum, when taken in connexion with the
comparative inequalities and oppression they had
suffered under the taxation of our system of duties
on imports, and under the comparatively small and
unjust amount of disbursements which they had
received from the General Government.
Mr. HOPKINS did not rise to make a speech
on the general subject, for he was very anxious to
bring the matter to a decision. He regretted that
the gentleman from Alabama and the gentleman
from Maine had seen fit to go into the general
question of the rates of postage in this bill. It was
undoubtedly connected with it in some manner,
but a bill directly connected with the subject would
soon be reported, and would afford a more appro-
priate opportunity for the discussion; and this bill
was for an independent appropriation, and would
be necessary, whatever might be the action of Con-
gress on the question of the rates of postage.
He believed the almost unanimous sentiment of
this House was in favor of these foreign m&il'ser-
vices—services rendered necessary by the constant
increase of commercial intercourse between this
country and Europe, and the large emigration from
Europe to the United States, many of which emi-
grants, under the existing post office regulations,
