1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
725
were cut off from all intercourse with their former
homes and their friends. The subject had been
carefully examined on the part of the department,
and of the committee of the House, who had re-
ported unanimously in favor of this appropria-
„ JLhe.ami"?L1 a.3man °nc- And he did not
understand the objections to be against the services,
t0-."?"-! a®,fSamst some circumstances connected
uvr ir V10?e °/ the gentleman from Georcia
l.Mr. Juno] were the most formidable; yet he was
not opposed to the service, but thought the steam-
ers would not be so serviceable as might be buift.
Mr. H. dared say the gentleman would prefer to see
vessels ot a different character; but he submitted to
the gentleman whether he would be likely to be sus-
i "tl Su(f*' a'Project—whether they had not
better take what tfiey could get than enter into an
abortive effort to got what they could not reach.
should not enter into the general argument in
s r?u T_T B ' Sieved a large majority
ol this House were ready at least to make this ex-
periment—an experiment which he thought offered
strong national inducements for its adoption, and
which was justified he thought as well on the score
of economy as of pubjic necessity. It was, as lie
ftad said, but an experiment; for under the contract
t/ie Postmaster General had the power to discon-
tinue the service at his discretion. And it' he did
not, and Congress was disposed to, under (lie very
law which authorized him to make the contract,
they were authorized to supersede it at pleaauri'.
He alluded to Mr. Turkman'a amendment, sta-
ting his approval of its general object; but suggost-
i g objections to it under the cire.um.iliincesj inas-
much as some of the vessels were already under
construction, and what would be its otfoct upon
them he could not. tell. The conduct was already
made under net of Congress of 3d March, mid
no such stimulation wits found in ii; Us terms bud
been agreed on by the Postmaster (.VihthI and the
contractors, and heshould now regret,in t ho up pro-
portion for the fullilmentof this contract, to see an
Amendment adopted without he coukl be assured of
its effect upon those already made.
One remark only in reply to Mr, IUmun, and
he trusted that any fuither discussion on the gene-
ral subject of postage would be postponed until the
appropriation bill came up. In reference to the
statement of Mr. Hamlin, that the revenues of the
department under the first year's reduction of posi-
age were equal to the amount anticipated by its
advocates, Mr. M. read from the report of the mi-
nority of the Post Office Committee, (whose propo-
sition, lie said, was substantially adopted and passed
into a law,) estimating the probable amount of post-
age under that plan at $4,!W8,5-17.
Mr. GRINNELL (a member of that committee)
explained that that was an estimate on the lull of
the minority, which differed from that which he-
came a law. That bill proposed that postage should
be prepaid, and varied m other partieulais.
Mr. HOPKINS (resuming) granted that the rates
adopted by the bill that finally passed were still
lower than those recommended by the minority of
the committee; but still ho was not mistaken in the
general statement. XJe did not think that any gen-
tleman who advocated the reduction of the rates of
postage anticipated that the falling oil' of the rev-
enue would be forty or forty-five per writ.; that
was the reduction that had been realized.
But Mr. H. would not enter into the discussion
at present; and he appealed to gentlemen friendly
to the bill, and to all, to allow the question now to
be taken, without further discussion.
Without further proceedings, the committee rose
and reported.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol ■
lowing Executive communication;
A letter from the Secretary of the Navy, in an-
swer to the resolution of the 5th of March last, as
to what provisions of law arc necessary to effect
the retrenchment recommended in his annual re-
port, and which his estimate for pay of the navy
may prove deficient; also, as to what provisions ol'
law are requisite to insure the more exact account-
ability of disbursing officers in that branch of the
public service; which letter was laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr. ANDREW JOHNSON,
Ordered, That leave be given to withdraw from
the files of the office the papers in the case of E.
Wood.
The House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were pre-
sented under the rule, and referred to the appropri-
ate committees:
By Mr. WICK: The petition of tie; iinrcofHvnr-inlh La
aatle: referieil ti> the OummttifL' on Indiun Atlkirs. 1
By Mr. DUW.A1': The petition of E. K. Warren ami 43 '
°f VVoolvvich, Lincoln county, ill Ute State I
ot mami!, prayinir for a etinyo^s nt" imuoiw to settle national '
ailterences: winch w;n i nterred to the Committee on For- i
eign Aflair-.
By Mr. PETTfT: The petition of C. 1). Mrtmiav and 107 '
other etti/.ens of Imliaua, praying the erection of a n.-w '
land dtfttru-t tn tin1 tireat Miami r.^crvation: referred to the
Committee on Public I« mils. Tin- p.mtion of John J.
Voitni; and .18 otln*r ctttz 'lis of said State, praying in likn
manner: rt-lerted to the same enrwmUfe. The pemieii of !
wt.-plien Ptiilpou and ii". other t-uuHitf of fndiana, pravmg
a ehariKe in a Inait-rontf therein mine d : referred to the Com 1
inittee on the p.wt Ortiee and Pn-t Road-.
JiyMr. HI.IAS 11. IKII-MHS - The reninietr.mee of P. 1). 1
Wright and 81 oilier eiti/.enn of Moaioecinilv, N'eiv Vork,
renewing, or in anv way exiendue; to (leniainut ii. !
Wood, or anv other the paten! n^ht In reloiote
yianted to Jetliro Wood, in telutiMii to ca.st Hon ploitirh.,.
HOUSE OK UlCPUKKKNTATlVGS.
SvrrnnA r,J{)rU 25, IS Hi.
"The Journal ol yesterday was rtjutl and ap-
proved.
Mi. IVlefvAS moved that (he IIomm* re.solvc
itsolj into CohimitWa: of the Whole (Hi I ho htuto of
tho Union.
TIIK TA HI FP 111 i.L,
^ Mr. M«'KAY,o  n ropiest to that effect by Mr. !
Bflomimi), renewed ihe motion he had yesterday
withdrawn to pnnt 1,1)1)0 extra copies of the irve-
mn' hill.
Tho ^ motion having, hy^eiH't.d consent, been
entertained—
Mr. PlikSPoN K I N < J moved to stnke out
u 1,000," and insert "•J.UOO;" wlueh motion, by '
ayes ol, noea nut counted, was rejected. And flic
original motion was then a^ieed i<>,
Mr. MrKAY then renewed his motion to <ro •
into Committee ol' tlie Whole on the .state of the
Union.
Ihe, NPKAKh-R said there was a privileged
rmesiion pendm:; in ivlntam to the amemlmenf of ,
the Journal of Thursday. ■
The Journal hud stated, that on the motion to '
concur in the. report of the committee of conference
on the joint resolution of notie.e, IV!r. Maclay had
voted m tlio ufHrmutive, whereas Mr. Rathihjn
hud expressed the opinion Unit his coileuguc voted
in tlio t e^aiivy,
The KIHOAKER now requested Mr. Maci.ay to
atnt<v how the fact Wit«.
iMr. MACf^A Y Maid he had voted in the nc^a-
tivf.
Whereupon the Journal was ordered to ha net
amended an to conform to the fact.
Till: PRIVATE CALENDAR.
The question rceurrmg on the motion of Mi.
Me Kav —
Mr, HA'VUIUIN enlh-d for the regular order of
ImHtnrsH, which was the considemiion of the pri-
vute ealen<lar.
Mr. POLLOCK urgently Hccondud the motion.
Mr. COBli asked tho yeax and nays on the mo-
tion io  o into eommitu.'e; which weie refused.
DKFICIKNTIES IJV APPHOPRIATIONS.
Mr. MrKAY Hiiid he hoped the House would
indulge him with ihe privilege of making n single
remark. ^ °
The 8PKAKF.U paid the gentleman could pro-
ceed by general consent.
Mr. McKAY cojuinuod. The House would
reeoil«*ct that Home lime a^o a bill wax passed to
jmpnly deficiencies in appropriation* for the .scnice
of the. piesent year. That hill had come hack from
the ►Senate with various amendment*. It was im-
portant that it should he parsed. He proposed,
therefore, it the F-louyr went into committee, to
move to lay aside the post office hill, and to ask
tho conmnttee to take, up the other, desiring that it
should he pushed to-day. Several of the appropri-
ations were exhausted. There was no money to
pay tho officers of the House. And Ute appropri-
ation for the judicial expense* had been exhausted.
He hoped the motion to go into committee would
prevail.
The question was taken, asid the vote stood—
ayes 53, nays 47.
No quorum voting.
; Mr. JACOB THOMPSON, remarking that a
' quorum was certainly present, moved that there be
j a call of the House.
; But the House refused a call.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
■ Mr. MoIlAY now again demanded the yeas and
; nays on the motion to go into Committee of the
Wliole on the suae of the Union, which were
ordered, and having been taken, resulted as fol-
lows:
, VEAS—Messrs. Ashmun, Atkinson, Bcdinger, Bell, Biggs,
1 J.imt's A. ISIack, Bowjm, Boyd, Broekenbrough, William
, W. Campbell, H<Mibeu Chaprruui, Ohiisc, Cobb, Collin, Cul-
loin, Cunningham, Di\on, Dobbin, Dunlap, Edwin H. Ew-
Fi'-khn, (iHrvm, Giles, Go<uiy«*Jir, CJrinnell, HariUson,
' Hcrri'-k, HiUi-tul, Ho^c, liupkhis/ilough, Geoige S. Iiou9-
t"u, J.dnmwt W. litibarfi, UutKoii, liiuif{erforU, Uanter,
t'liarle^ J. Iriijer.'oil, II. Johnson, G *orge W. Jones,
S -;il)(nn Jone^, lv<'imedy, Li«on, Lumpkin, McClelland,
' McCI'-ruantl, McCoancli, Mc-llcnry, McKay, Marsh, liark-
ky Martin, Moirir?, M<u-c, Muuk'in, Nonis, Owen, Payne,
I'ht'lp*, i'nee, K -nt, Hell')*, Rmer, Alexander D. Snus,
' Jifon.inl fi. Sims, 'I'Imhuuh tMinth, Stanton, Stephens, St.
John, Slum;:, Benj. Tlmtnp-oii, J,u-ob TUornpson, TUur-
liiitit, TibbiUt-., .uifi Wiok—73.
NAYS—Messrs. Andcihon, Arn"l<i, Barrhia;er, Urodhcad,
William G. Hruwn, Hurt, John U. Cauipbell, Cain)ll? Cath-
, e.irt, Jiilm (J. Ciaipman, Au u.-<tu> A. Cltnpiiam, Clnj)inan,
0.'ttistoii, Crozicr, Dockery, Douglass, Enlniau, John II.
Kujiil', Foot, (.'onion, (iraham, Gruier, Hamlin, Harper,
t>aac E. Holme?, Samuel I). UubbarU, Wajslnng-
ion limit, Jmin's H. limit, Joseph Johnson, Daniel P. King,
he.vtm Knijj, 'ri oma< Uutler Kmg, Leake. Led), La Sere,
1.n\M, Lcmii, Long, IVIaelay, MclJaughey, Mcllvaine, John
1'. Muitia, M< <el -v, I'mrUh) Pernll, Pollock, KiUhbun, John
A. Kockvvell, Hoot, Itunk, Savvt^lle, Scaunrum, Sehenck,
S-nman, Severance, Tiinaaa Smith, Albeit Snntli, Caleb
H Suiitli, S( ukweather, Sirohm, Thitio:leau\', Thomas«on,
TiUI'm, Truinbo. Vance, Vinton, Wentworth, Wheafon,
White. WoiuhuJl, VVootluaid, Wright, Yancey, Yull, and
^ <  t - ',7.
Ho the House refused to s;o into committee.
On motion of iMr. DAjVIKL, the Houne then
passed to the regular orders of the day, being the
consideration of bills on tho private calendar.
iMr. DAiVlRL said he hopn-d the i louse would
pardon him for exprcsMiii^ the wish that the ad-
journment to-day would be postponed to n later
hour than that at which it took place on the day
when privat'' hills were last considered.
The first business in order was the hill on the
Speakei's tabic for the relief of William .Saunders
and William it. Porter; the question being on its
engrossment.
Mr, TI1URMAN opposed the bill.
Mr. LKAKE advocated it.
Mr. DANIEL moved that the bill belaid on the
table; but withdrew the motion to enable
Mr. LEAKE to make some explanations; after
which,
Mr. L. (in pursuance of a pledge) renewed the
motion to lay on the table, expressing the hope
that it would be voted down.
And the question bein^ taken, the vote stood,
ayes 34, noes 3iJ.
No qu ornm votin"-.
Mr. HOPKINS su^estetl that, to avoid diffi-
culty about n quorum, tho motion to lay on the
table should be withdrawn, and a motion for the
previous question substituted.
The motion was accordingly withdrawn.
The demand for the previous question was sec-
onded, and the main question was ordered to be
now taken.
And the question on the engrossment of the bill
having been taken, the vote stood ayes 39, noes54.
No quorum voting,
Tellers wore ordered; and the vote having been
again taken, the vote stood, ayes 40, noetf 6§.
Still no quorum voting.
Mr. LEaKE moved that the House adjourn.
But the. House would not adjourn.
Mr. DANI EL said there must be some mode by
which the House could be put into a competent
condition for the transaction of the public busi-
ness, and he demanded the yeius and nays on the
question of the engrossment of the bill; which
were ordered.
Mr. GORDON suggested that no business could
be transacted in tho absence of a quorum.
Mr. KENNEDY moved that the rides be sus-
pended , that the committees might be called for re-
ports. Rejected.
The question was then taken on the engross-
ment of the bill, and the vote stood, yeas 49, navs
87.
So, a quorum having voted, the bill was rejected.
The bill to enable the Secretary of the Navy to
purchase the risjht of using Mix's patent manger-
