1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
729
He desired to show that there was no insepara-
ble connexion between the treaties which had been
referred to and these claims. Xhe treaties were
for commercial purposes, and for objects of defence.
They expressly guarantied forever the independ-
ence of the United States on the part of France;
and, on the part of the United States, they guaran-
tied the permanence of the sovereignty of France
forever over her possessions in this continent. The
amicable relations thus established continued until
after the close of the war of our Revolution. When
Prance had changed the form of her Goverment,
by a decree of her National Convention, she threw
off all her obligations to neutral nations, which led
to a remonstrance from the Minister of the United
States, and this produced an exception of our
commerce from the operation of that decree. But,
nevertheless, France commenced a series of out-
rages upon our commerce, which were carried to a
very mischievous extent.
Mr. D. then went into some detail, to show that
there was nothing in the course taken by the Uni-
ted States, under these circumstances, to justify the
conclusion to which the Senator from Delaware
had come. He contended that it had been made
clear by Mr, Jefferson, that we had never been
guilty of any violation of our obligations, even
while France was perpetrating tho most grievous
outrages on our commerce. Prance, in the mean
time, insisted that she had no hostile intentions
against the United States, but assigned various
excuses, which were deemed insullicient by our
Government, and led to remonstrances on our
part. With reference to these claiinantN, lie con-
tended that the Government of the United States
neither assumed, nor intended to assume, any re-
sponsibility other than that of presenting their com-
plaints to the French Government for retlresH, in
the strongest maimer practicable, and thiN had been
done.
He insisted that the treaties between the United
Slates and France in 17UH, were abrogated by the
acts of both parties—by the act of Congress of
J.798, 011 one hand, and by the conduct of France,
on the other—and could no longer be considered
obligatory on either. HubHequeiiL to that peiiod,
a state of tilings arose in which captures wcio
made by the two .Powers, not preenled, it is true,
by any pioelamation of war, but which were sui'li
as evidently to warrant the inference that a stale
of actual hostilities existed.
He admitted that our ministers were insirucled,
in the negotiations which followed this unsettled
condition of our intercourse, to urge lhe.se claims
for spoliations upon France; and introduced por-
tions of history to show that France evaded the
responsibility under a variety of prelexts; pertina-
ciously coupling the treaties mid iridenniiin's, and
contending that Franco had, in no instance, com-
mitted any act nbrognting these treaties. In 1'aet,
he came to the coticllts'ion, fiom a deliberate inves-
tigation of the documents, making such inferences
as were dictotod by common sense, that these
claims to indemnities for spoliations were aban-
doned by both Governments, and that the tluiu-d
States were bound neither by honor nor justice to
pay these claims. Judging of these chums, which
they were called upon now, after a lapse of forty
years, to allow, it was safest to rely on the contem-
poraneous testimony of tho times. _ They had still
been refused; and it would be unsafe to allow them
now. We regretted to dill'rr from his friend, (the
Senator from Delaware,) but could not avoid hold-
ing that wo were not bound to respond to these
claims. He knew of no principle by wluch a
Government, after extraordinary efforts to obtain
a redress of grievances, could be held responsible^
for them. It had obtained, by the negotiation of
1803, four millions, and of IKil, nearly live mil-
lions of dollars. He held Government, had done
its duty, and was fully exonerated from all further
action in the matter.
On motion of Mr. FAIRF1KLD, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and, after some time, the doois were reopened,
and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, April 27, 184G-
The Journal of Saturday was read and ap-
P1 The SPEAKER said the special order of the day
was the bill in relation to the Smithsonian Institu-
Uon, the consideration of which had been post-
poned until to-day.
Mr. POLLOCK rose (he was understood to
say) to a privileged motion, but what it was he did
not state, so far as the reporter is informed.
THE SECRET-SERVICE
Mr. C. J. INGEllSOLL rose and asked leave
to make a brief personal explanation.
Mr, HARALSON. If the application relates
to the personal mutters between the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. C. J. LvgerbollJ and
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Web-
ster,] I protest against it. It is from no personal
feeling that I object, but because tlte time of the
country is too prccious to be consumed in matters
of personal crimination and reciimnmtion, to the
exclusion of the public huainess; especially when
the former can be nettled hoi ween the parties as
pasily through the public prints as in this House.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. Then I muht move a bus-
pension of the rules.
Mr. ASHA1UN. I trust thnt the gentleman
wilt be allowed to proceed, piovided the House
will give me leave to reply to him.
Mr, IIKNLEY, (to the Chair.) What rule i«
it necessary to suspend, in older that a gentleman
may make a [wrsowal explanation? for oersonal
expluuationN ot Home kind or olhei are made every
day'.
The SPEAfvKU, There is no such thing known
| m mutters of legislation us a personal explanation,
t Sueh things are constantly tolerated hy unanimous
S consent. lUit if umumnous consent is not given,
i anil a Muspcitsion of the rules takes place* then all
tho rules mum bi'. .suspended. The question is,
Shall the rubs be suspended ?"
Mr. lIEiNLEV. If three ntr no such rules,
how can they be >snsp< mled ?
The SPEAK KU, iNo personal explanation can
be made within any strict it clinical rule of the
j I louse, am!, if tolerated at nil, it must he either by
unanimous consent or by a suspension oPall rules
relating to the ordw of Imu.hu ss.
The (pieMion is, " Shall lite rule.s be .suspended
to allow the gentleman to make a personal expla-
nation r"
Mr, COHH asked the yeas ami nays, which
were oid« red.
Mr. ASUMUN desired to move an amendment.
The SPteAXEU. A motion to amend a motion
' to suspend the rules is not in order.
|| [A message was leceived from the Senate by A.
;i Dickens, Secretary, muting that the Senate
| had pAMM'ri the hill ot* the House entitled " An act
!j for the relief of Chailes W. Buigley, of Chtirles-
0 ton, South Carolina," with an amendment.)
.< Tin* (juestion %t Shall the rules be suspended?"
! was then taken, and decided in the utfirmtttivp, as
follows:
i; V K,\S - Abbott, Arnold, Aslmiun, Atkinson, {lar-
' rtnj/er, Jhuh, fWit, Jmiieo A. Mlnek, ibnvhn,
ji ftroefcenbrougb, itro<theml« Cmheart, John < . fhtijinmn,
 ! flaw, ClHjmum, Cobb, Collin, t'rnn«tan, Citmitnplmm,
.' D.unujh, JcftVrMm Davis, DitiiuuUmn, Dobbin, Dockejy,
'! thiniup, J'rdimm, Pnr.m, I'Vkhn, Foot, Pru-*, (JubhuK-s
' <iortUai, (•rutmiu, <itnim'ti, t.rom, Mmnbn, Hiumuiwm,
Henley, Kiimtnid VV. Hnbiml, Jnmc-  , Hunt. Jfua-
lei,<'iifiiti-i J. jo cpb U. Ingefsoll, <;corgi' W.
Jones, Sc'uborn Jours*, Kuaj, Lfukc, Lejb, I,uSere,
1 hewn, Liaon.L« u$, Lumpkin, Mnelay, Met VHand, James
MiDowelt, Mtllvame, John )\ Martin, Morns, Aloulion,
\'om*t, Owen, Pimi^b, Pnvae, IVmllwon, IVrrill, IMm,
Phel|H, PoMoek, Piiee, Kntbhim, lieul, Ib-HV. Rater, Uob-
e H, Hnvvtelte, rtitvwer, Heutn ur n, Headon, JSp\en iun , A.
I>. Suum, |je<n nr«l II. Smih, Thornix Sumh, Sinnten, Hrork-
wonfticr, ^tepliejis.St.jMbn, Sirohia,'nub«Mtenux,T'boaiie«-
hoa. J«ci>h Tboiafwoa, Tbnrnmn, Tibbatn*. Tiltlea, Vaace,
Voitoa. VVeauv«ni „ Wa k, Vuneey, nml Y« <t—IDS.
N.\VS -iVbwt. fJurt, t\" rraJ}, Keuben t'lmpaian. (laeke,
J)i\on, (Jentry, IJftfalsoa, Henlek. Klla- K. Holme's; Hop-
kins-, Oi'  u e Houston, Th«>ma* fiial'-r King, Lpwh, Me-
, (« uight'V, Mm^h, Hurkbn Mnniri, Mor>e, Roni, Himk, sdtca-
nj.di, Truman ^auth, VVbuaioa, White, Woodward, iuul
Yell—3T>.
!, So the rules were suspended.
And leave having: been thus granted,
Mr. G. J. iNGKRSoLL spoke as follows;
Mr. Sck\ki.r: When Mr. Webster, in virulent
terms, in Senate, assailed my truth, concerning
' transactions of which proofs ought to be in the
Department of Suite, 1 went there in search of
them for my vindication. As a member of the
i; Committee on Foreign AtTnirs, for some years, I
i1 have some freedom of access there, though proba-
•! bly none which any other member of Congress is
! not entitled to.
11 Searching for proo&, not to expose him, but vin-
' dicate myself, I fell most unexpectedly on others,
which led me next day to denounce him as a delin-
I quent.
; When the President's answer to the resolution
of the House of Representatives refused certain
documents, I repeated, in general assertions, the
fact of his delinquency, and added, that it is easily
susceptible of proof. My friends advised me to go
no further, supposing that Mr. Webster would dial*
lensre investigation.
| Not having done so, but having again, with op-
• probnous language, in Senate, charged me with
slander, and called on me to substantiate myaeeu-
' sutton of him, I now submit a short statement,
• which may be tested as to truth.
j There are three charges of delinquency:
■ First. Unlawful use of the fund appropriated for
j the contingent service of foreign intercourse, com-
I mnnly called the secret-service fund.
j Secondly. Misapplying part of that fund to cor-
rupt party presses.
j Thirdly. Leaving the Department of SUtte in
i default to that fund.
| First. Congress appropriates annually a small
, sum, commonly $30,000, for the contingent expen-
! sea of foreign intercourse; the disbursement of part
of which is sometimes usefully clandestine, but
never, as has been erroneously "supposed, corrupt.
Whenever, in the President's opinion, it would be
j wrong to make public how any part of it is dis-
j; posed of, he so certifies; and, by act of Congress,
i1 his mere certificate is sufficient voucher at the treas-
1, urv for the required settlement.
,! Iliese funds have, for the last sixteen years, if
; not, always, been in the hands of a clerk, called by
f acts of f'.on^res.s, tiie disbuniri^ agent of the De-
! pnrtment of .State, who kept them in banks, as
j agent. The o()icial routine is, for the President,
, on the requisition of the Sc-ietary of State, to au-
j thonze payment of the money from the. treasury
I to the disbursing agent of the* State Department.
, The disbursing agent is debited at the treasury with
! the sum drawn into the Department, of State, keeps
|j it to his credit, as agent, in bank, and gives checks
| as required by the Secretary, for payment to any
| person he may designate
hi ihis way the first check I saw, when I went to
the drp.utmeni, uns drawn by the tigent for the
service at New Yotk in AlcLcod's case, $1,000.
Hut, shortly after President Harrison's death,
and before Vice President Tyler was at homo in
Chief Magistracy—in April, 1841—Mr. Secretary
Webster began un entirely novel method of deal-
ing with the secret-service fund. Instead Of di-
recting the disbursing agent to pay any third person,
Mr. Webster required tho money to be paid to kim-
;
\ In this way he drew to himself from the disburs-
ing agent twelve thousand dollars during tho first
: mho months of Mr. Webster's incumbency as Sec-
, relary, about $1 ,,100 a month in 1841, and three
( thousand dollars more early in 1842.
I Thus he took into his own hands fifteen thou-
| sand dollars in Ins lirst twelve months. ThePres-
I ident, there is written evidence m the department
1 to show, ne\er authorized this, knew nothing of it,
, and when first apprised of it, more than fourteen
| months after it had been going on, to the large
; amount of fifteen thousand dollars, refused it his
j sanction.
| It was not till July, ]842, as the evidence in the
J; department shows, in Mr. Webster's handwriting:,
i! that he got a President's certificate for four thou-
sand four hundred and sixty dollars, ($4,460.)
That President's certificate, of which I took a
minute, dated 10th July, 1842, is—
To J. J. Crittenden, for expenses of journey to
i New York.     * $100
. To F. O. J. Smith, for services connected with
the northeastern boundary   2,000
I To Alexander Powell, for journey to, and
I stay on the frontier in 1841, on the subject
| of the disturbances       1,000
j With several other items.
j The first item in this short account concerning
| McLeod, will show how i was led from tiiat to
! other objects; and some of the other items will
j show the agents whom, as Secretary of State, Mr.
J "Webster employed. Roth Houses of Congress if
I not the public at large, have not been left in igno-
i ranee of thecharactersofsome of those on whom the
s Secretary of State bestowed large sums of public
t money, if their receipts correctly vouch what thev
got. . '
