1846.
the congressional globe.
7B1
as counsel for McLeod, ft gentleman who was
lately removed from the office of district attorney
in New York, and that a fee of five thousand dol-
lars waa put into his hands for that purpose.
Now, these were specific charges. All of them
have been proved false. It was true that a private
letter was sent; but not by express. Why, then,
did the gentleman get up here, and declare the cir-
cumstantial manner in which this letter was sent,
in order to make the House think it a matter of
great importance ?
Mr. 1NG15RSOLL, (in his scat.) Did i say it
wan sent by express?
Mr. ASHiMUN. I think mi.
Mr. 1NUEHSOLL. I think not
ter to know that it wag not worth while for him to
say anything about him. Sir, he has never attack-
ed him. Why, then, why, then, I ask, on the 9th
7 ebruary, when we had been discussing great
and grave questions, involving peace and war, why,
A ir-"'1 i c^a'rma?1 'lie Committee on Foreign
Affairs, when permitted by common consent to
make the dosing reply in that debate, instead of
a statesmanlike argument on the important ques-
tions involved in that discussion, why did he vol-
untarily, deliberately, purposely go out of his way
to attack that gentleman, bringing in accusations
which had no sort o'f connexion with the subject
Under discussion—accusations which have been
proved to be false ? And for what sort of motives?
During thirty years he hud known Mr. Webster
as a public man, and for a considerable portion of
that time the gentleman himself had been a public
man. I think when lie was about to make that at-
tack, and when he recalled the recollections of that
Congress in which he met Mr. Webster for the
first time, that there might have been wakened up a
remembrance that should have cautioned hiui how
again he undertook to attack the mane and charac-
ter of a distinguished citizen. lw,
* 1, .tilcrcwa? u} Congress a gentleman of :j her*, and inw.rt woids tlmt wue never littered?
the highest patriotic, virtue, chivalry, intelligence, jj lie is so reported; 1 remember he h.ud ko, and so
character, and standing, m every respect—a gentle- i[ do many gentlemen around me 
man from New Jersey—a gentleman he knows at '• Mr. INCKIISOLL. 1 remember 1 did not.
once—his thoughts ran at once to the name „f .; Mr. ASHMUN continuum. And when he
block ton. I here was in thai Congress, when he i; ."'ays, with thai child-like simplicity, that he never
urst commenced public life, a gentleman who was ; knew his truth cathd in queHtum, that in an ex-
cellent eoii.snlerttUon to be looked at in this con*
nexion.
Well, he did state that a fee of <*5,000 was put
into the. hands « f tin- ^entlenum, late district at-
torney. Has that not breu proved false?
Mr. I IN( * KlvSt )jj Jf (m hm seat.) True,
IWr, ANll.MUN, "True!** Kir, there is not
one. word of truth in it. On the contrary, if the
gentleman undertakes to bolster tip his fornur
statements by the ewdence produced this morning,
it entirely fails to show that any money was paid
of New York, with certain contents; with having it is a matter of great difficulty for the Speaker to de-
sent it by express. And he said the next step jieide what language is strictly in order, or within
taken by the Administration of which Mr. Web- I the rule and practice of this House, because all
stcr was amember, was to procure to be employed, ' rules have been suspended, and the House is re-
ceiving explanations under the authority or limita-
tion of no rule whatever.
Ij Mr. ASHMUN. I was about to say, and did
r say 
;i 'The SPEAKER. The Chair has already called
|! the gentleman to order, and required him not to
!; indulge in the use of unparliamentary language.
}j Mr. ASHMUN. 1 did say that I did not intend
<; to apply the term to the gentleman from Penrjsyl-
vania.
|'' Mr. ASHMUN resumed. X did not intend tlmt
1! term to the gentleman from Pennsylvania. His
,i were mistakes; and if he 1ms one accuracy to five
mistakes, it is doing pretty well.
- .a Well, these charges were denounced as false,
Mr. AfcSHMUN. I have anticipated this, and i and proved, as I said, false. There was no attempt
have betore me the Daily Union. ! on the Part of the gentleman from Pennsylvania to
Mr. 1NUEUSOLL. That is not right. i; prove tnem to be true; and the gentleman saysun-
Mr. ASI1MUN, Who tells the truih—the Re- ! der these circumstances lie went to the State De-
porters for the Union, or that gentleman ? Do the ! partment m search of further materials. Well, sir,
teporters for the Union come here to family mem- :: it was very natural, if he had the free run of the
 ..is ^ite I)c paj-tment, that he should go there; that,
: following the bent of his inclination, he should get
; nil the means in his power to traduce Mr. Web-
ster.
But now the question comes before the House
slandered to his fncc. That'Mr. Stockton was
falsified in this Hall; and the retribution that im-
mediately followed, the "scarifying'1 process that
immediately began, is within the recollection of
those who lived at that time. Sir, tradition telln
us of' the withering, blasting attack of Mr. .Stock-
ton, in reply to the .slander of that day, and that
the man who uttered this slander leit this Hull
crying like a whipped schoolboy; and 1 should
wonder that that lesson had ever been forgotten.
At least it has taught him one thin<v-~ never again
to utter an attack upon a gentleman in his presence.
And I believe now, as was intimated by  «y col-
league the. oilier day, that, hoouer than lie would ;
have made this attack upon Mr. Webster, if pre- j
sent, he would have bitten Ins tongue off. Hut .
Mr. Webster is not iieie. 1 le relies on his name,
character, the fame of his public life, and the weak
elforts of a few friends here, to defend him.
by the AdmnnMmtinii uf> a lee for the couu<st 1 of
McLeod.
Mr. I,N( KKSOLI, was understood to say that
fie had not .said that it wa.s paid by the
lioii.
Tli" SPKA K Kit called Mr. I. to order for inter-
ruption.
, iVlr, ASHiUUN'. I am not afraid of this inter*
Sir,this attack is buta continuation ofthat course ;; jcctioiml conversation; for the more this mutter is
of vituperation that, commenced with Mr. Ntoek- jj stirred, the more truth will bo elicited,
ton, that followed upon Judge Marshall mid the :| The gentleman ways he, did not any that it was
Judges of the Supreme Court) in a c.hmge of cor- paid by tlm Administration. I put it to the honest
ruption in their decision on the question of the ex- ;; venue of this House, if it was not so stated as to be
tending of the charter of the- Hank of the Dinted j; understood that u was paid by theAdministration ?
States! That course of vituperation lias lived till ;j Mr, IN< <KlUSuLL, (in ius seat.) No.
now. !! Mr. ASHMUiV. I did not put it to you. 1
The gentleman the other day, with the most put it to the honest sense of this House.
bold simplicity—1 might say with audacious sim- jj Well, he nays that a note was written by Mr
'—said thi ' •' '  1
pHeity-—said that whatever thing hud been wud of
lum, he never knew before that his truth had been
called in question. Now 1 beg to say that the gen-
tleman must either be very deaf oi \ery blind, for
that is the precise question that all the world make
in relation to this matter, it is the truth of the
chaigcs—t}io slander, the vituperation, the vilifica-
tion which has been poured upon
the same source. j
Sir, he is the accuser and the witness m relation
to Mr. Webster. It becomes us, then, to know '<
who the accuser is, and what is the ehtmtcler of the i
witness. Ho has brought us here from the secret '
recesses of the State Department (citnin immomn- !
da, letters, and documents, and we are expected '
to take them on the credit of his veracity.—Ius
truthfulness—for no otherwise can we judge in re- ,
lation to it. The President of the United States •
says the seal is too sacred to allow him to break it
.. ... ll.- ,...11 ni" *1.111 UiMlCn. «lwt Iffll It.'ltll II
Webster to the Committee on Foieign A films, for
a Minister to p  to Great Britain to settle the. Ore-
,i gon question. Well, if he did so, i think the 5'i^
lj -It)' men should be glad that he moved so early,
v Hut this is only important us to the matter of truth,
|S Mr. Webster says he did not send a note. It is
\\ true that a verbal communication with Mr. Ad-
reut men from tuns, or Mr. Ouahiusr, or both, took place. So lar
I admit the statement, and give the member from
Pennsylvania the credit of having told one truth
in the whole. And it reminds me of an anecdote
of mi Indian, who came by a Uumer s house, de-
sirous of getting something to drink. Knowing
that the farmer was rather surly and tight-listed,
he told the farmer that he had just come by the
bend of the. brook, where was a tree, and that a
deer was (ceding by that tree. "And now," says
be, 4  give me something to drink for this informa-
tion." The farmer now complied with Ius request,
' and wtw oil' with hi* nile
even upon the call of this House; and yet, with a | and w«  oil'with hi  nile aftei the deer. He got
boldness that is unparalleled, the member I mm ! there, and found the tree, and the bend of the
, ■ « 1 _..i . . . . 1 (... Ii.l# t \ t\ T fv\. .n t... .1. f. .. , I _
Pennsylvania stands up unci says he has found mil
a way to get into these secret archives, m«l he .
comes here and asks us and the nation to l>elie\e j
he has told the truth in i elation to this mailer. |
Now, what, then, says the accuser and the wit- j
ness in this case? Why, on the 9th of February, :
he made five or six specific charges against Mr. j
Webster. He charged him, in the most imposing .
manner, and with a shake of the finger, and a ;
solemn gravity that impressed this House with the ;
importance of this communication, with having ;
written a letter marked " private ' to the (governor |
brook, but no deer, l/pon coining back, he de-
nounced the Indian fur having deceived him.
"Well,1" says the. Indian, "did you not find a
brook and a tree? Well, did 1 not tell you two
truths to one lie?" Now the gentleman gets up
here and says—although i know the word "lie
is not parliamentary 
Mr. li. MARTIN rose to a point of order. He
submitted to the Chair whether such language was
in order, or within the usage, of this House?
Tlie SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Martin,] that it
and the nation—and it is an important question in
jud^ins; of the witness and the accuser—by what,
means, foul or fair—how has this pretended infnr-
nmlion been cxtiucted from the secret archives of
the .Stale Department ? Why, sir, the. House made
a solemn call by a majority of this body upon the
1 * resit lent to fumisli this information from the Slate
IVpartnit nt. The President of the United States,
m a sulrmn mrss:i';r mldieKsul jo this House, re-
fused to communicate the information. The Pres-
ident stated that the laws ;md the Constitution, and
the oath he had taken, imposed upon luniaduty
which forbade him If) expose to ;wty eye anything
i onuuned in that department. ] (e said there was
, ;i xi ;il of confidence upon it that he could not break,
that tins I [ohm- could nol require him to brenk,
unless it was n cn.sc of impeachment; and yet the
, member fiom IVmisyh.utin stands up here, with a
I, boldness most admirable, and says he has been
: prowling there, lluit he knows what is there, and
that he has £ot there all this information which lie
has communicated to this House. Now, I want
to know how he got there. The President says
there is a seal of obligation, of confidence, upon
this department. Who broke that seal? He ex-
empts the Secretary of State and the President, he
says. I exempt them. I have no idea that hon-
orable men liutl anything to do with that transac-
!; tinn. Was it some underling in that department,
j. that has been a panderer upon this occasion? If
i! assisted by anybody, it must have been by an un-
!' deilimt, for i say no honorable mail would lunc
j any connexion with the subject. Who furnished
j him with a key ? or did he. take one from his own
i pocket? or did he pick the lock, to ascertain whut
• was contained in the seciet archives of the depart-
ment? Who was the guilty man ? Ifthegenlle-
' nmn does not reveal him, the responsibility is upon
i him [Mr. lNtiKnMiu..| lie broke into the State
[ Department, where he had no ri'^hi. to go—know-
i ina; that he had no ri^ht lo iro. Has there been any-
body renumd fiom oilice in the State Department
j lor breach of confidence? lias the gentleman, as
; a member of the Administration party, communi-
j cated to the Executive the foul aj^ent? No; he
i takes the responsibility; he chooses to shield the
! conspirator, if there is any-, it is upon him. And
| lie admits he has ffone and broken in where the
| President says he had no right to go, and where
j this House lias no right to go. Now the gentle-
i man states, this morninsr, lhat these documents aie
; in possession of one of the clerks of the depart-
; ment. Dare the gentleman rise in his seat and
| state who that clerk is' Was it him ?
| Well, the gentleman described to us how lie
| had " stumbled upon this information to his entire
j amazement." And for my life I could not but
I think it was like a man who has feloniously broken
j into a house for one thins and stumbles upon an-
other, and, after laying his hands upon all he can
| get, decamps and sets fire to the house. It did
. seem to me so stealthlike, groping about where he
, had no right to be, doing injury, and lighting upon
< mlormation which he says surprised lum.
