782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
Mr. CHIPMAN rose and made a point of order
against Mr. A., (as was understood,) on theground
of irrelevancy.
The SPEAKER said it was impossible to state
strictly what was the line of debute to which the
gentleman from Massachusetts was confined. The
House had seen proper to suspend its rules in
order to allow the gentleman to proceed, and it was
now for them to say whether he was m order or
not.
Mr. ASHMUN (continuing;.) The gentleman
spoke of the manner in which lie got this mforma-
iion. I was merely drawing the picture a little
more graphically. It was perfectly in order.
[Another point of order was here made, so far at
the right of the Speaker as to prevent our seeing
from whom it emanated, or understanding in what
form it was presented. It was not pressed, how-
ever.]
Mr. ASIIMUN (resuming) said he would waive
that point.
I have something important (he continued) in
relation to the character of the witness. Well, it
is by these means he avows before the world he
has procured the means of uttering this accusation
against the distinguished Senator from Massachu-
setts. Now, in judging of the character of the wit-
ness and accuser, you must always take into con-
sidcMtion to some extent the position lie has as-
sumed upon the trial. He has brought against the
Senator from Massachusetts four or five distinct,
specific allegations. Among others, he has charged
him with the personal use of the money of the peo-
ple of the United States, and of being a defaulter
while in office, and going out of office a defaulter.
Sir, the member from Pennsylvania is the last
man, so far as the public records show, that 1 ;
should suppose would have ventured upon stirring
(Hi inquiry into official peculations—the last man
in this House. The records of Congress, I should
suppose, would have stared him m the face, and
have palsied his tongue when lie begins to speak
of the personal use of the money of the people of
the United States. Is it probable that for the pur-
pose of witdrawing public attention from one state
of things, this charge has been made upon another
officer? Why, the member from Pennsylvania
has held office under this Government, lie held
it for a course of years, until he was turned out of
office by President Jackson. In the first month of
his Administration, he was turned out for official
peculations and the use of the moneys of 
Mr. HOPKINS rose to a point of order. He
submitted that there was no subject before the
Mouse, either in the course of its legitimate busi-
ness, or under a suspension of the rules, which
authorized the gentleman to go into the matteis
to which he was now rofeniug-, as to charges of
peculation during the Administration of General
Jackson.
The SPEAKER. The House has suspended
fdl the rules and orders of its proceeding, and has
tolerated a species of debate not known to legisla-
tive rules. It is impossible, therefore, for the
Chatr to confine the gentleman strictly withm these
rule*, though the Chair, in several instances, re-
quested the gentleman to do so. The Chair has
taken the position—not under the rules of the
House, for they are suspended—but on the general
parliamentary ground that between members of
the same body, the gentleman must confine himself
strictly to such language as is to be tolerated in the
general course of parliamentary debate.
Mr. HOPKINS. Docs the Chair decidc that
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Ashmun]
is in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does so decide.
Air. HOPKINS. 1 appeal from the decision.
Mr. SCHENCK. Can an appeal be taken when
all the rules are suspended ?
The SPEAKER. Yes; otherwise interminable
confusion would be the result.
Mr. ASHMUN. Upon this subject 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot pro-
ceed pending the appeal.
Mr. ASHMCJN. On this question of appeal I
have a word to say. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. C. J. Ingersoli.] charged official
peculation upon a distinguished Senator 
Mr. HOPKINS submitted that the appeal was
not debatable.
The SPEAKER said the Chair would be under
the necessity of assuming the responsibility of
deciding that the appeal was not debatable. Gen-
tlemen must vote upon it without debate; and the
vote would be tantamount to giving or refusing
leave to the gentleman from Massachusetts to
proceed.
Mr. ASHMCJN. If that attempt is to be made,
I ask the yeas and nays.
And they were subsequently ordered.
Mr. SCHENCK. I undeistood the Chair to
have decided that the appeal is not debatable. Can-
I appeal from that decision ?
Mr. ROBERTS. The gentleman cannot pile
one appeal upon another.
The SPEAKER so decided.
Mr. BAYLY. In order that I may vote under-
standingly,! desire to ask a question. The Chair
has stated! (correctly, no doubt) that all the rules
are suspended. But are we not acting under the
parliamentary law ? Is not that law, of necessity,
in force without reference to the rules of the House?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is under the im-
pression that that law is in operation.
Mr. BAYLY. Then I shall feel constrained to
vote to sustain the appeal.
Mr. ADAMS. Does the Speaker decide that
the parliamentary law is the law of this House in-
dependent of the rules established by the House
itself? I ask the Speaker upon what authonty he
makes that decision ? And what that parliamen-
tary law is which is the law of this House ?
ri'he SPEAKER. With great respect to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams.] the
Chair will state, that whenever the House sus-
pends the rules by which it is governed, the par-
liamentary law of necessity operates; and as an
example of the correctness of this position, the
Speaker refers to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts himself. That gentleman, on one occasion—
at the commencement of the 26th Congress—when
presiding temporarily here—made the same de-
cision precisely, that the parliamentary law was in
operation.
Mr. HOPKINS. Precisely.
Mr. ADAMS. I demand whether any decision
made by me on any occasion here was submitted
to, or questioned by, the House; and whether the
principle, that the House is bound by the parlia-
mentary law of another country, was involved in
any decision I ever made, and was sustained by
the House at that time? I deny that there ever
was any such decision.
The SPEAKER. Such is the impression of the
Chair. The Clerk can refer to the Journals, and
see whether the Chair is correct or not.
The question now is, " Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the House?"
Mr. WENTWORTH. I desire to ask a ques-
tion, the answer to which may govern my vote.
The gentleman asked a suspension of the rules, in
order to defend Mr. Webster, as I understood,
from the attack made upon him.
The SPEAKER. JNo debate is in order.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I am not debating. I
am merely asking lor information* I voted in favor
of a suspension of the rules, that the gentleman
might defend Mr. Webster. I have listened to the
defence; and candidly I think the gentleman has
been making a persona! attack ever since he began.
Loud cries to order.
Mr. T1BBATTS, (to the Speaker.) Is it in or- i
der to move that the appeal be laid on the table?
The SPEAKER. It is; and it* the motion pre-
vails, the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Ash-
mun] will be authorized to proceed with his re-
mai ks.
Mi. TIBBATTS. I make the motion.
Mr. HOPKINS. I ask the yeas and nays, that
it may be seen who it is that is willing thus to
consume the public time here.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and having
been taken, resulted us follows:
YEAS—John Q. Adam«, Arnold, Ashtmm, Bar-
nnueij Bedinger, Bell, Brockeubrough, Milton Brown,
Bulhugton, William W. Campbell, John H. Campbell, Car-
ioll, Kv-ubcii Ohupinuu, Ch<^e, Cocke, Colldiuer, Consta-
ble, Ciauston. Croziei, Danagh, Garrett Davis, Delano,
Dixon, Doekeiy, John II. JEwmg, Foot. Fries;, Giddings,
Graham, Grider, Giiunell, BaaipLOn, Harper, Hemck, Hxl- ,
hard, iloge, JGUas B. Holmes, Lauc E. iloJuius, Edmund |
W. Ilubard, Samuel I). Iiubbard, Hudson, Washington '
Hunt, Chatles J. Inger&o)), Andrew Johnson, Daniel P. King, 1
Pre-ton King, Thomas B. King, Leib,Lewis,Long, McClel- |
land, McGaughey, Mollvaine, Maish, Miller, Morris,Morse, !
Moselej, Payne, Pendleton, Pollock, Rathbun, Relte, John !
A. Rockwell, Hunk, Sehenck, Seaman, Soddon. Severance, 1
Alexandei D. Suns, Albert Smith, Thomas Smith, Caleb B. j
Smith, Stephens, St. John, Strohm, Sykes, Thihodeaux, !
Benjamin Thompson, Thurman, Tibbatts, Tilden, Trumbo, 1
Vance, Vinton, White, Wiimot, Woodward* Wright, and
Young—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayly, Bigg*, Bowlin, Boyd, Brodhead,
William G. Brown, Cathoart, Augustus A. Chapman, Chip-
man, Clarke, Cobb, Collin, CuHom, Cunningham, Daniel,
Jefferson Davis, Dobbin, Erdinan, Faran, Ficklin, Garvin,
Giles, Goodyear, Grover, Hamlin, Harmanson, Hopkins,
Hough, George S. Houston, James B. Hunt, Joseph John-
son, George W. Jones, Seaborn Jones, Leake, La Sere,
Ligon, Maelay, McConneit, James McDowell,McKay, Bark-
ley Martin, Moulton, Niven, Norris, Owen, Parrish, Per-
nJJ, Phelps, Price, Reid, Ritter, Roberts, Sawtelle, Sawyer,
Seammon, Leonard H. Sims, Robert Smith, Stanton, Stark-
weather, Jacob Thompson, Wentworth, Wick, -Wood,
Woodruff, Yancey, Yell, and Yost—67.
So the appeal was. laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. Since this question has arisen,
the Chair finds it necessary to modify its original
decision upon it. The Chair has decided that all
the rules of this House are suspended; but finds it
indispensably necessary to withdraw that decision,
so far as all the rules are concerned; and to decide
that only such rules (and none- other) as permit
the gentleman to address the House without any
subject before it, are suspended.
Mr. ASHMUN resumed. Before I proceed, sir,
(said he,) I wish to ask of the Speaker a single
question. Will the hour rule apply to this debate,
under the suspension of the rules?
The SPEAKER replied that it would; but the
time consumed by points of order would not be de-
ducted from the gentleman's time.
Mr. ASHMUN. I have juststated, sir, in order
that the House and the country might judge of the-
weight of the accusation and the testimony which
is brought to sustain it, that the accuser himself
was formerly a public officer; that on the accession
of General Jackson to office on the 4th of March,
1829, he was dismissed from that office; that he
was dismissed for abuses in office connected with
public moneys. We all know that when General
Jackson came into office, one of the pledges he gave
us in his Inaugural Address was, that there were
abuses which were to be reformed, and he consid-
ered1 himself pledged to reform them. This was
one of the first acts of his Administration—to re-
move from office the District Attorney, of the east-
ern district of Pennsylvania, on the ground which
I have stated. WelJ, I hold, in my hand the vol-
ume of Executive documents fo#* 1839 and 1840,
which contains the history of the transactions to
which J allude. The gentleman was removed from
office in March, or on the first of April, 1829; his
term of office would expire in February, 1830; it
had less than a year longer to run; and yet General
Jackson, with that honest indignation, which, what-
ever may have been his other faults, he had of all
sorts of peculations, did not permit him to enjoy
the remainder of his term. He removed him, and
appointed in his stead Mr. Dallas. And the official
account was not closed; the balance of that account
was not paid into the treasury until 1839—nearly
ten years after he was removed from office. Sir,
in 1836, a suit was commenced against him; he had
been reported as a defaulter to the department; he
presented large and enormous charges to offset the
balance against him, and they were disallowed by
the accounting officers of the treasury. A suit was
commenced against him for some $&7,000; he pre-
sented an account—an account which is presented
in this document—of the most, monstfcous items
that official eyes ever saw, and in that suit,-in the
year 1837, with the assistance of such means as he
could get upon the spot in Pennsylvania, he so far
reduced the claim of the Government, that judg-
ment was rendered against him for $3,985 78—al-
most $4,000. That was about the first of May,
1837. A liquidated balance was then found by the
courts of the United States for that amount, and
yet it was not until the 19th January, 1839, that
the last amount of that indebtedness was paid into
the treasury of the United States, nearly two years
after that amount had been found by the jury and
judgment entered by the court. The first 'payment
was made in March, 1838, of §1,800, and on the
19th January, 1839, (almost two years after,) the
balance was paid.
Now, I say, if any gentlemen, and all gentlemen
will—I think the whole public ought to—investi-
gate these accounts, they will find that he retained
in his hands an immense amount of public money;
that when pressed to suit by the agents of the Uni-
ted States, he brought in an account composed of
the most monstrous items as an offset; and that
finally judgmentof nearly £4,000 was found against
him, and that judgment was not satisfied till two
years afterwards. Well, how his account was
