734
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April -27-,
made under every Administration, in war and m peace,
from the organization of the Government to the present pe-
riod ; that to break the seal of confidence imposed by law,
and h ;retofore uniformly preserved, would be subversive of
the vjry purpose for which the jaw was enacted, and might
be'productive of the mos-t disa->trou-* consequences; and
that the expenditures of this confidential character, it is be-
lieved, were never hefoie sought to be made public, and he
should greatly apprehend tiie consequences of establishing a
precedent winch would rendei such disclosures hereafter
inevitable :
And wheieas Charles Jared Ingersoll, a member of
tlii-; House, and one of the Repicsentntives from the State
of Pennsylvania, has this day declared to this House, in his
place heie, that lie is in possession of, or has had access to,
tiie information in ielation to the expenditure of the secret-
>crvice fund which was asked for in said resolution and re-
fused to the House, or of some portion thereof, with proof
and documents m relation thereto, and has disclosed the
jiame to the House and to tlie public, and the said Inger-
xoli. avets that he found or ptoeureel the said information
fiom tlie Department of State: therefore,
Resolved, That a select committee of five members be ap-
pointed to inquiie how the seal of confidence imposed by
law, heretofore uniformly pi escrved in relation to the ex-
penditure of said secret fund, has come to be broken; and
how the >aid Cit-yules J. Ingkr&olj. hac obtained the infor-
mation which he has communicated to tin1? Hou«e and to
the public, and through whose agency such infoiination has
been procured; whether by the act of said Ingersoi,l him-
self, or by any officer of any department of this Government;
and that the said committee have power to send for poisons
and papers; and that they report to the House as soon as
piactieable the result of their investigation.
[Several messages in writing were received from
the President of the United States, by the liarnls of
J. K. Walker, Esq., his private secretary.]
Mr. LEAKE moved that the resolution of Mr.
ScriENrcK be laid upon the table.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON. The resolution is not
yet received. I object.
Mr. SCHENCK (to the Speaker.) Have not J
the floor ?
The SPEAKER. No debate can be entertained
at present. The resolution is not received.
Mr. BOYD. I object—it is not a question of
privilege.
The SPEAKER. The first question to be de-
cided is, Will the House receive the resolution ?
and the next, Is the resolution a question of priv-
ilege ?
Mr. SCHENCK. A question of privilege is
always in order.
The SPEAKER. If that question can be made;
but the question of the reception of the resolution
necessarily takes precedence.
Mr. SCHENCK. Does not the fact of the ques-
tion of privilege present itself to be decided as the
very first thing?
The SPEAKER. The House may refuse to re-
reive any proposition of the kind. Of course, the
Speaker cannot act until the House lias determined
whether it will receive the resolution or not.
Mr. GJ. S. HOUSTON. Under the decision of
the Chair, ihen, this ia not a question of privilege.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not so de-
cided. That question cannot come up until the
House has decided whether it will receive the res-
olution.
Mr. SCHENCK asked the yeas and nays on
the reception of the resolution.
Some conversation followed, (as to the fate of
Mr. Cobb's resolution,) in which Messrs. TIB-
BATTS, II. CHAPMAN, and the SPEAKER,
took pait.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. CobbJ rose to a privileged question, which
was a resolution to close debate on the bill in re-
lation to the Smithsonian Institute. The gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Scijjcnck] rose to a question
of privilege, which is another and a very different
thing. The Chair decided that, if it is a question
of privilege, it will override all other business.
The gentleman from Ohio submitted his resolu-
tion, which was read for information. The gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Air. Boyd] objected to
its reception. The Chair decides that, in that
case, the question is, " Will the House receive the
resolution r"
Mr. COBB (to the Speaker.) I desire to make
an inquiry. In the e\ent of the House determin-
ing to receive the resolution, nnd the Speaker then
deciding that it is not a question of privilege, what
will he the situation of the paper before the House?
The SPEAKER. That of any other question.
Mr. COBB. If the Speaker should decide, after
the resolution has been received, that it is not a
question of privilege, will the resolution be before
the House for its rejection or adoption ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will act upon all !i
lluise questions of order in their proper time. 11
Mr. COBB. My object in making the inquiry
is to direct the attention of the Speaker to this
point—that the question of privilege ought to be
determined now before the question of reception.
After the House shall have received the resolution,
it will then be before the House, whether as a
question of privilege or not, and must override
the resolution I have introduced; whereas, if it is
not a question of privilege, the CJiair ought not at
this time to entertain any other question respecting
it except under a suspension of the rules.
Mr. T. B. KING submitted that the gentleman
from Ohio {Mr. Schenck] claimed to introduce his
resolution as a question of privilege.
The SPEAKER. There is no debatable ques-
tion before the House.
Mr. T. B. KING. I do not rise to debate, but to
a point of order. The gentleman from Ohio makes
a question of privilege. The question is., is it pro-
per for him to introduce the resolution as such ?
And it is for the Chair to decide whether it is a
question of privilege or not.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has given its de-
cision once or twice. The gentleman from Ohio
rose and presented a paper. The gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Boyd] objected to its reception.
As to the character and qualifications of the paper,
the Chair will, at a proper time, decide; but the
Cluur cannot touch or act upon that paper until
the House has decided whether it shall be re-
ceived.
Mr. BOYD. I desire to say a word in explana-
tion. I insist that this paper cannot be received.
It is out of order to make any such motion as that
submitted by the gentleman from Ohio, because
the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Cobb] had offered
a resolution, which was the question before the
House; and the proposition of the gentleman from
Ohio not being either a privileged question or a
question of privilege, cannot interfere with the busi-
ness before the House. I think that the Chair is
under the necessity of so deciding; and the gentle-
man's motion, like all others, not of privilege,
ought to be at once rejected by the Chair. On that
ground alone I objected. I withdraw the objection.
But, in my opinion, the only question in order is
the resolution of the gentleman from Georgia; and
that that of the gentleman from Ohio must be ruled
out of order.
The SPEAKER. ' A question of privilege over-
rides every olhcr soit of question.
Mr. BOYD. Is it a question of privilege ?
1 he SPEAKER. The Chair will decide that
question when the objection to the reception of the
resolution is withdrawn.
Mr. BOYD. I have withdrawn it.
1 lie SPEAKEK. Then the Chair decides that
there is nothing in the resolution which brings it
under the category of a question of privilege.
Mr. SCHENCK. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair, and I ask the yeas and nays.
Mr. S. was proceeding to make a remark.
Mr. S. JONES inquired whether the gentleman
had a right to debate?
The SPEAKER said not
Mr. SCHENCK desired to call the attention of
the Chair to the matter and language of the resolu-
tion. He thought that there was an inquiry of that
character in relation to a member of the House,
and an inquiry in relation to the rule of the House
in its communication with the Executive Depart-
ment. It was a matter of privilege to the House
and tiie whole country.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no hesitation
m deciding that it is not a question of privilege,
and cannot he offered as such.
Mr. LEAKE. I move that the whole subject
be laid upon the table.
Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL and Mr. W.
HUNT asked the yeas and nays; which were or-
dered, and, being taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Me- rs. Atkinson, Bedin«er, J. A. Black,
Bowlm, Brodnead, William (*. Blown, Cathcait, Au-ubUh
A. Chapman, Reuben Chapman, Chase, Chipmun, Clarke.
Colltn, <,'idiom, Darnel, Dar an,.T. l)avi>, Dillingham, Dob-
bin, Dionuroole, Erdman, Paran, Fiekhn, Fnes, Gatvirt,
Giles. Goodyear, Gordon, Giover, flml.-y, George S. Hous-
ton, Edmund W. Ifubard, Andrew Johnson, George W.
Jones-*, Lawivnee, Leake, Lpjon, iMaeiav, McOonnell, Mc-
Kay, .Mm I\ Martin, Moulion, Peirili, Price, Ralhbun,
Lt'-id, itinei, Sawyei, Seddon, Simpson, Thomas Smith,
Stanton, St. John, Jacob Thompson. Wentwoith, Wheaton,
Wiek. Wilniot, Yell, and Yor-t—Gl.
NAl'S—John CI. Adam?, Ashmun, Barringer,
Bayly, Bell, Bo>d, Brockenbrongh. Milton Brown, Bufhng-
ton, ihut, William W. Campbell, John II. Campbell, Car-
roll, Cobb, Cocke, Collamer, Constable, Cranston, Crozier,
Cunningham, Darragh, Garrett Davis, Delano, Dixon,
Dockery, Douglass, JUunlap, Jolm H. Ewing, Edwin H.
Ewmg, Foot,-Gentry, Giddings, Graham, Grider, Gmineli,
Hamlin, Hampton, flarmanson, Harper, Berriok, Hose
Eiias B. Holmes, Hough, Samuel D. Hubbard, £udsf >
Washington Hunt, James B. Hunt, Joseph Johnson, Seaborn
Jones, Daniel P. King, Preston King, Thomas Butter King,
Leib, La Sere, Lewis, Long, Lumpkin, McClelland,. Mc-
Gaughey, MeHenry, Mcllvaine, Marsh. Barkley Martin
Miller, Morris, Moseley, Norris, Parnsh, Payne, Pendleton!
Pettif, Pollock, Helfe, John A. Koeltwell, Root, ftunk
Seammon, Schenck, Seaman, Severance, .Alexander d'
Sims,Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Starkweather, Stephens'
Strohm, Tliomasson, Benjamin Thompson, Thurman'
Tibbatts, Tilden, Triimbo. Vance, Vinton, White, Wood-
ruff, Woodward, Wriglit, Yancey, and Young—102,
So the whole subject was not laid on the table.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, when his name was
called, rose to inquire of the Speaker whether this
was a case in which, under the rule of the House,
he ought to be considered personally interested,
and therefore not to vote ? He was perfectly ready
to record his vote, if the Speaker so decided."
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will exercise
his own discretion.
The question now recurred on the appeal of Mr.
Schenck from the decision of the Chair, that the
resolution was not a question of privilege.
Mr. SCHENCK thereupon modified his resolu-
tion, by adding, after the words " by any officer of
any department of this Government," the words
following:
" And if by a member, then, whether he does
' not deserve by such conduct, punishment by the
' House, and whether in such transaction there has
' not been an offence committed against the dignity
' and privileges of the House."
Mr. CHAPMAN, of Alabama, inquired whether
the gentleman had a right to modify.
The SPEAKER decided that the gentleman had
a right to modify at any time before action on the
resolution, or the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Some conversation followed.
Mr. CHAPMAN appealed from the decision,
because (said he) that decision involved another,
namely, whether this resolution in this new form
was a privileged question or hot.
The SPEAKER. The- Chair has decided that
the question as originally presented, was' not a
question of privilege, ana would not override the
resolution of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Cobb,] or any other btasiness.' The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] now comes forward,
and, after a motion to lay the resolution on .the
table had been rejected, desires to modify it. The
Chair decides that the gentleman has a right so to
do at any time before action, or prior to a demand
for the previous question. From this decision the
gentleman from Alabama appeals.
The Chair further decides that the resolution in
the form in which it now stands, under the modi-
fication , is a question of privilege.
[Thus the appeal taken by Mr. Schenck fell to
the ground, and the pending question was on the
appeal of Mr. Chapman.]
After some remarks on a point of order—
Mr. NORRIS moved that the whole subject be
laid upon the table.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered; and,
being taken, resulted as follows; V -
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Atkinson, BedingCT,
Biggs, Bowlin, Brodhead. Augustus A. Chapman, Chase,
Chipman, Clarke, Collin, Cullom, Daniel, Dargan, Dilling-
ham, Dobbin, Dromgoole, Erdman, Faran, Fiekhn, Giles,
Goodyear, Gordon, Grover, Hamlin, Henley, Hopkins, Jos.
B. Hunt, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Maclay, Me-
Coimell, James McDowell, McKay, John P. Martin, Moul-
ton, Noiris, Owen, Pemll, Roberts, Sawver, tiujimuuu,
Simpson, Thomas Smith, Roheit Smith, Stanton, St. John,
Jacob Thompson, WcMworth, and Wilmot—50.
NAYS—Messrs. John Ciumcv Adams, Arnold, Barringer,
Bayly, Bell, James A. Black, Boyd, Broclcenbrough, Milton
Brown, William G. Brown, Bullington, Burt, Wifliain W.
Campbell, John H. Campbell, Carroll, Reuben Chapman,
Cobb, Cocke, Collamei, Constable, Cranston, Crozier, Cun-
ningham, Garrett Davis, Delano, Dixon, Doekerv, John H.
Ewing, Edwin II. Ewmg, Foot, Fries,Garvin, Gentry. Gid-
dings, Giaham, Gudcr,Giinnell, Hampton, Hannanson, Har-
per, Herriek, Roue, Klin- t!. I-Iohnes, Hough,-Geoige S.
Houston, Edmund W. Hubard, Samuel D. Hubbard. Hud-
son, W. Hunt. J. Johnson, S. Jones, 1). P. King, P.' King,
Thos. B. Kihl'. Leake, Leib, La Sere, Lewis, Long,Lump-
kin, McClelland, MeGaughey, MeHenry, MeHvaine, Marsh,
Baiklcy Maittn, Miller,Moseley, Parrish, Pendleton, Pettit,
Phelps, Pollock, Relfe, John A. Rockwell, Root, Hunk,
Schenck, Seaman, Seddon, Severance, Alexander D. Sims
Leonard H. Sims, Truman Smith, Albert Smith, Caleb B.
Smiih, Stephens, Strohm, Thibod'eaux,Thomasson, Benja-
min Thompson, Thurman, Tibbatts, Tilden, Trumlio, Vance,
Vinton, White, Wick, Woodrufil Woodward, Wright, Yan-
cey, Yell, and Young—104.
So the whole subject was not laid on the table.
