1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
735
The question then again recurring on the appeal
of Mr. Chapman—
Mr. C. said that as the Speaker had decided that
the resolution of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] was ft question of privilege, and as,
therefore, the gentleman would have a right to
offer it at any time, he (Mr. C.) would withdraw
his appeal.
So the appeal was withdrawn.
The question then recurring on the adoption of
the resolution—
Mr. PETTIT inquired if it was open to amend-
ment?
The SPEAKER answered affirmatively.
Mr. PETTIT thereupon moved to amend the
resolution by adding thereto the following:
" And that another select committee of five be
' appointed, to inquire into the truth of thecharges
' this day made in this House by Mr. C. J. lnger-
'soll against Mr. Daniel Webster, with a view to
' founding an impeachment against said Daniel
' Webster; and that said committee have power
' to send for persons and papers, books and vouch-
' ers."
And Mr. P. demanded the previous question.
Mr. SOHENCK. 1 rise to a question of order.
If the gentleman will offer that as a separate propo-
sition 1 will vote for it.
Several voicos. No—lot all go together.
Mr. SOHENCK. My resolution relates to the
privileges of a member of this 1 rouse. The amend-
ment contemplates a distinct, proposition. 1 submit
therefore that it is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules this amend-
ment to be in oilier. If it related to a person not
a member, or to a transaction not intimately con-
nected with the original resolution, the Chair would
decide that it was out of order. S
After a briet conversation, the question on the
demand for the previous question was taken, and
there wars a second.
And the main question (first on the, amendment,
and then on the resolution) was ordered and token.
The amendment was agreed to.
Anil the resolution, as amended, was adapted.
So the two committees wei'o ordered to he iqi-
pointctl.
TIIE SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTE.
The question now recurred on the motion to lay
on the table the resolution of M r. Conn, closing the
debate on tills bill in two hours.
The yeas and nays were ordered and taken, with
the following result:
YKAB-—Mesons. J"lm Q- Ail.huh, Arnold, A-hmmt, H:ir-
ringi'r, Heclingcr, Hell, lltilibighin, Utn f, U\ VV < 'nmptu'll,
J. 11. CainplirU, Carroll, Jolm G. Chmumui, A. A.
Cocke, Cranston, Gro/,icr, l)ur«mi, fuiuij<li, (•rmvlt Dnvtf,
l>t'lann, J>i\on, Doekory, .1. II. K\\ in,it, ft. N. ftwuit,'. Pn..i,
GuhlmiiH, Graham, Under, Grinm-H, Ifimiptmi, tlaipn, lit r
rick, Uosjo, K. It. Holmes, 8. I), llulibaid, llud.oii, VVtish
iriglou Hunt, Jluntcr, C. .1. Jin < r.soll, Joseph John>nn, |>,in-
iel P. Krn«j, Thoma-i Butler Kinir. I.eivw, l.ou^r. iM. Hciuy,
Maisli, J. P. Martin, Hark Icy Mai tin, Miller, Mori w. Motley,
PiUTinti, Payne, IVmUolon, I'euif, t'ollnck, John A. KnckwHI,
Jloot, Kuuk, Seaman, Sc<Ulou, HmrrmuT, A. I>. Sun-.Tin
man Smith, Albert Smith, C;ilol> It. Smith, St< plicn*, Stmlim,
Tlid)odoauv, Tilden, 'I'm mho, Vinton, Wood, \VuoduUf,
Woodward, Wujjht, Yancey, and Voiuijr
NAYS—Mc.nhiv. Atkinson, Hajly, lli-sux, .lames A. lllack,
J>u\vhn, Hrodhcad, lliockenhroni,'}!, VV. ( . lirown, K. ('hap
man, (.'hipmaii, Clarke, Cnhh, Collin, Constable, Ciimuni;
ham, Danid, J. Davis, Diliinyhum, Uohhiii, Droni^o'de, Kid
man, Faran, Fiekhn, Fries, (Jaivin, Gcnin, (ides, (.'onion,
C rover, Humlm, llatalson, UuinmiiMm, Hopkins, Hmi h?
 S. llouhton, J. 1J. limit, Andicw Johnson, (iiot^i VV. Jones,
Seahoin Jones, Preston Kne;, Lawrence, Leake, Leih, La
Sere, Lumpkin, Maclay, Met.'iellund, IVIcConiu-ll. Mc( 'iafe,
MeGau«:hey, JYJellvame, Alclvav, Morse, Moulloii, Norns,
Owen, i'orrilJ, Phelps, Price, Kathhun, Jleh'e, Uup i, Saw
t'-IIe, S.uvver, Seaiumon, Simpson, Thomas Smith, Hohctt
Smith, Sinn ton, St. John,  Stioiii;,Thoma>fon, ,hn oh Thomp-
son, Tnmman, Tihliatts, Vanco, VYruiworth, Wick, Wdmoi,
Yell, and Yovt—SI.
So the resolution was not laid on the tnble.
The demand for the previous question was then
seconded, and the main question wns ordered,
(which was on the adoption of the resolution.)
The yea.s and nays were asked and ordered, and,
beine: taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Stephen Adam*, Atkinson, Uayly, Ihpirs,
Jjovvlin, Broekenhjou<^h, Rrodhead, Wilham(«. Biown, 'Vu-
A. Chapman, Kcuhcu Chapman, (Jha^e, Clarke, Cobb,
Collin, Constable, Ciiminitfham, Daniel, lhllinshani, J)oh-
hin. Dioincoole, DuuJap, t'ldman, Fai an, Giles-, Good\ear,
Gordon, Grover, Hamlin, flaraison, liaimanson. Hopkins,
Hough, (>Vor$o S. Houston, James 15- llunt. Hunter, An-
drew Johnson, George W. Jones, Seaborn Jones, Proton
Km", L,i\vience, La Sere. Lumpkin, MeCloIUuul, McOon-
nell, JVleCrate, McKay, Moui", Moid.-, Moidton, Nonis,
P.-ivue, i'helps, Price, Uafhhnn, Iteid, Ueiie, Uitter, Sawyer,
Sjcamuion, Seddon, Tiiomas Suu!)), Kobeit bmitii, tet. Jolm,
Strong, Jdcol) Thompson, Tl urman,Tibbatt « Vance, Went-
worth, Wick, Wilmot, Yell, and Ytmt—73.
NAYS—Messrs. John Ciuincy Adams, Arnold, Barringer,
f®(ll5er), Milton Brown, Buffmgton, Burt, William
W. Campbell, John H. Campbell, Carroll, John G. Chnp-
man, Cocke, Collamcr, Cranston, Crozier, Dar«an, Darra^h,
Davis, Jefferson Davis, Doekery, John Ii. Ewnig,
Ldwin II. Ewing, Foot, Fries, Giddings, Graham, Grider,
Grinnell, Hampton, Harper, llerrick, Hilliard, lloge, Eliaa
B. Ilolmea, Samuel I). Hubbard, Hudson, Washington
Hunt. Charles J. Jugcrsoll, Joseph it. Ingersoll, Joseph John-
son, Daniel P. Kmg,Th( mas B. Kinj*, Leake, Lewi-, Levin,
Long, Maclay, James McDowell, McGuuyhey, M«-Hcnry,
Mellvaine,Marsh, BarklevMartin, Millor,Mosclev, Parrish,
Pendleton, Perrill, Pollock, JtAm A. Koekweli, llwit. Hunk,
Sawtelle, Scln-nek, Seaman, Sevenuiee, Alexander D.
Sims, Truman Smith, Albert Smitli, Cidob B. Smith, Ste-
phens, Strohm, Thibodt'anv, Thomas-on, Tilden, 'i'rumbo,
Vinton, Wood, Woodruff, VVoudward, Wriglit, \ aneey, and
Young—85.
So the resolution was rejected.
Mr. POLLOCK moved that the House recon-
sider the vote of Saturday last, by which the bill
for the relief of the sureties of Klijuh J. Weed, de-
ceased, late CUuirtermaater in the Marine Corps,
was rejected.
The motion to reconsider remains over, hy con-
sent, until the next private hill day, (Friday.)
Two mrsHogea from the President of the United
States were read u.s follows:
Washington, Jpril 27, 1840.
To the fioim of Jlrpnsentativn:
I transmit herewith a report and accompanying
papei-N from the Sect clary of War, in reply to the
rcholution of the House of Representatives of the
lilnt December hi;>t, in relation to claims arising
under the Choctaw treaty of 1S30, which have been
prow-nted to and allowed or rejected by the Com-
tniN.HioJier.s appointed in pursuaiice of the acts of
the 3d March, and i$<l August, Jts.|2.
JAAIKS K. POLK.
\V AsiiiK'fiTuN, *lprU ^7,
To the /louse of Hrjm si ntutivn:
[ transmit herewith a report of the Secretary of
War, and accompanying papers, containing the
information called for by the resolution of the
House of UepresentatiWH of December 19, 1.vl.r>,
relating to eeitaiu «4aims of the <'hieka,saw trii>e
oflndiaiiM. JAAIKS Jv. PULlv.
Pioth me.>ra:jeM w«xie orderul to be laid upon the
table.
And tho Huuko adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, JprilW, 1B4G.
A mcHsa^c was received front the President of
the Untied States, announcing that he had signed
and approved u ''bill for the relief of David M.
Williamson, of Pope county, Arkansas."
Mr. MILJjKR pre.sented a resolution passed by
the Lejjmluture of Psew Jersey, renmnstratin^
agamst the icpeal of tlie (arilfof which was
referred to the Couuniueo on Finance, and ordered
; to be printed.
i Mr. M* «hu) presentee! a resolution passed by the
■ same hotly« | r. ym^ ('on^reKs to make an ajjpro-
: pi Hilton for the erection of a li^ht-housc on luck-
! er's beach, or Absccimtb beaeii, in that Stale; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
oulerod to be printed.
PETITIONS.
Mr. SPKIGHT piHwcnictl the petition of the rep-
resentatives of Henry de la Piancia, deceased,
praying the payment of a judgment obtained
against the a?;ent of the eonveiui<m of West Flori-
da, for HiipplicH of arms and ammunition for the
use of the provincial ^overmuch!, piior to the ac-
quisition of that territory by the United States;
which was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. ARCHKR presented the petition of Philip
Slam;hwr, an oilioer m the revolutionary army,!
praying to be allowed arrears of pension; which j
was referred lo the Committee on Tensions, |
Mr. BRKKSK presented the petition of citizcns j
of St. Louis, Missouri, praying an extension ofthc j
laws of the United States over the territory of Ore-1
,yun Up to 5't° 4U', and an increase of the military ,
and naval defences of the country; which was laid I
on the table. j
Mr. SEVIER presented additional documents
in support of the claim of Thomas Wilson; which
we're referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. ASliLBY piesennd tho petition of Creed .
Taylor, piayms to be released Irom a judgment ;
obuiinc'd against him :>s suu-ty for II. L. fiding-
ton, late postmaster at Napoleon, Arkansas; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Offiee
and Post Roads.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE presented three petitions
of citizens of Michigan, praying the establishment
of n post-route from Shiawassee to Lyons, in that
State; which were referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. W. also presented the memorial of citizens
of Michigan, praying an appropriation for the im-
provement of the American side of the Detroit riv-
i er; which was referred to the Committee on Coro-
: merce.
! RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. EVANS submitted the following resolution;
j which was agreed to:
I Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
: instructed to inquire into the expediency of remit-
]j tin<; to J. H. McLclInn, owner of tiie American
|. ship Byron, the additional tonnage duty charged
upon said ship, on her anival from Odessa, in
I', consequence of having a ciew of foreign seanien.
II Mr. E. also presented documents relating to the
!i claim of J. H. McLellan; which were referred to
|! the Committee on Commerce.
j| Mr. ATCHISON asked that Elijah White have
I! permission to withdraw his petition and papers;
I' which was ordered.
j! Mr. IIENRY JOHNSON, pursuant to notice,
j asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill for the
relief of Captain John Clitz, deceased; which was
.! read a first and second time, and referred to tho
' Committee 011 Indian Affairs.
ji RKPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
" Mr. AS11 LEV, from the Committee on the Ju-
j ilieiary, asked that said cinninittee be discharged
!; fiom the further eunsiileration of the petition of the
11 widow of Joseph Nouise, deceased; which request
!] wasi agreed to.
u Mr. 111. 1'"from the Committee on Public
Eands, reported n hill for the relief of 1 Tcnry 11.
ii Marsh, of Michigan; which was read, and passed
'l to n second reading.
i| Mr. 1IENIIY JOHNSON, from the. Committee
on Private Land Claims, reported a bill for the
relief of William I!. Keene, accompanied by a re-
port; which was ordeied to be piinted.
GENERAL ORDERS OF T11E DAY.
The Senate took up for consideration the follow-
ing resolution, submitted a few days since by Mr.
Sevier:
Itesotvcd, That tho Secretary of the Treasury
be requested to transmit to the Senate tho supple-
ment to the Synopsis of Treasury Instructions for
the administration of the revenue laws from 178!)
to the present time, purporting to illustrate the or-
ganization and the operations'of the Treasury De-
partment, and its various bureaus, and that he
accompany the same with his views in relation to
the work.
Mr. KEVJEll stated that he had offered this
resolution at the suggestion of a gentleman'who
considered the information its of great importance.
He had intended to call on the Secretary of the
Treasury in relation to it, but had been prevented.
Ho would therefore move to postpone the resolu-
tion till Thursday.
Mr. EVANS suggested that, as modified, there
would bo no objection to it.
Mr. BENTON opposed the resolution.- If they
were, to go back as far as 17K), and collect all the
operations of the treasury laws, the work would
consumc one or two years, an equally long period
in the printing, and when the report would be com-
plete, everybody would have forgotten all about
the matter. He had known instances not a few,
in which large reports of five or six hundred pages
had been ordered and got up, and, when prepared,
even the movers in the matter had forgotten the
whole business.
Mr. ARCHER understood that the documents
had been already transcribed. They had been ex-
amined by the Secretary of the Treasury. The
object of the resolution was simply to get the work
here, (without incurring any expense,) in order
that the Committee on Finance might examine it
and reject it if not valuable; or, if otherwise, rec-
ommend it for printing. It comprises an analysis
of the treasury operations. 'He had no objection
that the resolution should lie over till the Senator
[Mr. Semer] had an opportunity of seem" the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. °
