THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR h RIVES.
29th Congress,. 1st Session.
TUESDAY, MAY 5, 1846.
New Series....No. 47.
to New Hampshire by to undisputed title; be-
cause b"v that .treaty she obtained the jm-isdiction
which she had always claimed. He (Mr. A.) did
not know whether, on the mere question of a re-
consideration of the vote, it was necessary for him
to so again at length into the consideration of the
subject. If any serious objection were made, how-
ever, he should feel called on to state to the Senate
the ground of the claims.
The question on the reconsideration was then
put, ana carried in the affirmative.
Mr. PHELPS remarked that he voted fur the
reconsideration, on the supposition that the hill
would' lie over for some ilayu,
Mr. ATHERTON then, in reply, gave notice
(hat, at an early day, he would call up the bill,
and have the question decided. lie had no dcsiiv
lo take advantage of the absence of any Senator,
and would cheerfully allow the bill to lie over till
another day, whon the Senate would be lull. |
The Senate toolc up the act to change the dis- i
tribution of duties among the several naval bu- !
reaus; when, j
On motion of Mr; HUNTINGTON, its emmid- !
eration was postponed in consequence of the ab-
sence of the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, [Mr: Fairfield,] by whom the bill wan
reported.
The consideration of the bill for the relief of
Nathaniel Groddard and otltni'N, being the next
business on the calendar,
Mr. TUHNEY desired, unless the special order
of the day (French .spoliation bill) was taken up,
to. submit a few remarks.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON said that he win not
aware that any Senator was jiivimml to spunk
upon the spoliation bill. He (Mr. ('.) demivil,
nfter all of those who intended to nddrrxs tin- Sen-
ate upon the subject had so done, to reply lo their
arguments against the bill; and if no ^'enileuimi
desired to speak upon it to-day, he htul no objec-
tion to its postponement for the prem-iu, and timt
pnvute bills be considered.
The bill for the relief of Nathaniel Cioddai'd and
others, was then taken up on its passage. It was
opposed by SV1 r. TUliNKY, Mr. Al.l.KN, Mr.
COLaaiTT, Mr. CASS, Mr. CALHOUN, and
Mr. N1LES, and advocated by Mr. It. JOHN-
SON, Mr. DAVIS, Mr. J', M.Cl.AYTOjV, and
Mr. BERRIEN.
The ground on-which the bill was opposed was,
that the flour which formed the cargo of the vessel,
nlthough ostensibly shipped for Cudix, was in
fact intendod for the supply of the Kritish troops
in Spain; and that, as we were ut war with Ureal
Britain, this was an illegal shipment, and that the
claimants were not entitled to receive back the
value of the forfeited cargo. It was further insin-
uated that the sailing under a British license was
proof of a traitorous design and intercourse^ with
the enemy; anil that, as she was taken by a United
States vessel, while mulct British protection, the
owners ought to institute their chum apiinst the
British Government, ond not before an American
Congress. Stress was also laid on the fuel that
the Supreme Court had decided against this claim,
as arising out of a transaction in violation of law.
It. was replied by the friends of the bill, that tins
was a fair and proper mercantile trnnsanuur. We
were at peace with Spain when this vessel shipped
the flour for Cadiz. The vessel sailed with Amer-
ican papers, and under the American flag; but
owine to the danger from British cruisers, she had
obtained a British license, after taking the opinion
of Mr. Pinkney, the Attorney General of the
TJnited States, as to the legality of this course. It
was denied that any evidence existed of the inten-
tion of the owners to sell the flour to the British
troops. It was represented as a case of injustice,
that the United States Government^ should retain
in its treasury the amount of this forfeited cargo,
on the ground of the illegality of the act, when the
opinion of the Supreme Court, which hml been re-
ferred to, was a divided opinion, Judge Marshall
and other judges dissenting, and when the pay -
ment had been recommended by Mr. Crawfoitl
and Mr Lowndes. The claimants were ignorant
47
that they were acting in violation of Jaw, and con- |
sidcred themselves securc after they had fortified j
themselves by the most eminent legal opinions, •
and in equity were entitled to receive back their
money; the more especially as the proceedings of :
the judicial courts entirely acquitted them of any of .
the fraudulent or treasonable intentions which had
been charged against them. ;
The yeas and nays on the passage of the hill
were ordered, on the call of Mr. ALLEN; ond the
question being taken, it was decided in theafftrma- :
tive: yeas nays ^0. j
So the bill wos passed. 1
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF KlOPKlisENTATIVES.
IVkspay, slpvil lrMii. ;
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap  ■
proved, ;
tub snrunT-sKuvin: kino. :
The SPEAKER announced the following mem-
bers an composing the select committee yesterday
ordeied lo be appointed on pe much of the resolu-
tion n  relation to the kith i m'juci' fund as was
offered by Mr. JSrmisu h: Mi^tj*. Suikm'k, I>uh-
nim, Mifi.vA.iM;, Tulhss\n, and Jons A. um.iv
* Air" TURKMAN naid that hewn* under the
necessity of havm1* the city to morrow, or next
day at farthest, for ja nie imtr; ami, on that ac-
count, as \ve)I as on account o!" ins h< alth, he a iked
to be evuHul from scrwiig mi the Haul < oinmiliei*.
Mr. T. \nas evened, ;
And Mr. Nr.\\io\ wn,: appointed m his place. 1
And (he following members v, eie announced n*
composing the select commit l« <• on j- o much of I he
resolution as w'.v  o{o«red by Mr. IV.ru r*
IV.rur, Vimdv, Ji,i i1 umiv l)\w*,lh l\ Kiko,
and Wit.Mor.
The SPEAKER announced the special order of
the day to he (lie? hill to provide fur the eMabliah- ,
nieutof the Smithsonian Institution for the increase \
and diflusion of knowledge amount men. |
Mr. GILES, on leave efivpn, oiferod the follow- !
i K resolution; which \vm adopted without u di-
vision:
Jitsolnd, That the n*e of tins Hall ho granted
to ihe blind pupil** bvlotitftns* to the immuuinmi of
Boston, Philadelphia, am) Virginia, for an exhibi-
lion ihw afternoon, after the adjournment of the
J louse.
Mr. .?, II, IXGEUSOLL made an earnest but
inetfeeuml appeal to the House to take up the Hill
to provide for the payment of treasury notes pur-
loined nt New Orleans, <&c.
k m ithsoniax inst!tvtio v.
On motion of Mr, OWllN, the llitUM' resolved
itself info Committee of the 'Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Bwir, of South Garoltna, in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the bill
to provide for the establishment of the Smithsonian
institution for the increase and diiTusiou of know!-
edge amongst nun, and the amendments thereto
pending.
Air. A. I). SIMS paid that, before entering on
the consideration of the main question before the
committee, he desired to mvite attent on to the
eoiu-iideratson of the Snutiu-'oman fund, and to ex-
prt hit* views upon what he considered to be the
true hiciu in whjelt ?ha( fund should he iwarded.
Under the will of the hue Jam?* Smithson, the
hr (|iu'st made by him was paid <iver to the United
S'ates. 'J'he im>ney  under the action of tJon^ros,
was loaned out to certain States. jVo matter for
what purpose that fund might be dedicated, the
faith ond the honor * f the country, by the aetion
of Oon<rre."!?, wero pledged to regard it nt nil times
, eus beinj^ in the trea.suty < f the United States? and
t the United States was in fyet itself a creditor of the
States to whom tin money was loaned; so that the
Arkansas, or Mi< Ui#w, or Illinois bonds or se-
curities or the securities of any State to which
this money had been loaned—were in fact debts
due to the Genera! Government; nod the fund
itself must he regarded as in the treasury of the
, United States. .
! Mr. MeCLELLANB here rose to explain, and
i (Mr. Sims yielding) Mr. MeC. said that a miaap-
i prehension prevailed in the committee aSf to the
payment of the interest by the State of Michigan
on that portion of the Smithsonian fund invested6
i in the bonds of that State. lie considered this in-
terest paid; and front the report of the Secretary
of the Treasmy, it appeared that the amount
1 claimed to be due on the 1st of Januaiy last was s
i §381 07; and this had, in all probability, been
more than paid by the application of the five per
rent, fund up to this period. In June, 3845, the
11 is* 11 anditor-ir^neral of the State of Michigan en-
deavored to obtain a statement of this account, and
(he live per cent, fund, in order to make provision
for the payment, of any balance that nu^rht be found
due, but faded. On the 7th of November \my he
wrote and requested him (Mr. MeC.) to make the
necessary inquiries, with the same, tiew; andfioou
after hia arri\al, at the commencement of this ses-
sion, he wrote lo the proper department for the.
required information, but did not receive any reply
until the iiTth of February, and then he was ad-
vised that the small amount before stated was due.
This statement he had forwarded to the present
auditoi-£  neral. He (Mr. MeC.) had no doubt
provision would be made for the prompt payment
of the interest hereafter Lo accrue if the five per
cent, fond was found to bo insuflicient. Whilst
up, he w ould state that the authorities of Michigan
had eon-'f uud to the application of the five per
cent, fund to the payment of this interest, and that
the resolution passed by the last Congress, direct-
ing llus application, v.as shown to him by the
chairman of the ('onmuttce of Ways and Means
(Mi. McKay] before if was offered,'and was fully
appioved of by him, and was .supported by the en-
tue delegation fioni Mifhi-Mii in both llounes. In
ciin- Iti.sinii, In w ould .sa y, that he believed the .State
id make e\ery Gforl to pay till ju*t claims
, a.-ainst it; and in regard to this fund, would at all
, tunes pav the interest fairly and honorably.
M r. SfMS continued, lie had not intended (he
■ said) by any remark he had made to inculpate any
I Suae to which this fund might have been loaned,
j; Me merely wished to show what the duty and the
obligation of the Government wero in regard to the
fund itself. Whatever disposition might finally be
; made of it—whether an institution such as was
! contemplated should he established; whether the
j fund should be returned to the British chancery; or
1 whether it sdiould he distributed among the heirs of
ii Smithson—no diilicuhy ought to arise as to the-
; fact ot the fund itself having been loaned out by
; the Government; and that, for all honorable, prae-
I tioal, and proper purposes, it must be regarded m
; good faith as m the treasury of the United State.*,
to he demoted to whatever purpose mi^ht be
'/thought proper. For his own part, he had no
apprehension or fear but what each of the States
would in good time and in trood faith redeem their
obligations, and refund every dollar that had been
: loaned to them.
He now approached the main question. Much
i had been said in praise of the munificent and splen-
, did liberality of James Smithson. It had been said
that, animated by a spirit of benevolence to his
I race, he had made his will, constituted theGovem-
!- ment of the United States his trustee to carry out
; Ins intention^, and had dedicated to the noble pur-
i, pose of the increase and ditfusion of knowledge
,! anion# men an mtire estate, under the management
i' of the Government of the United States. It was
not his (Mr. S.'s) disposition, nor was it his wont,
nor would it bccome nim, to speak in terms of re-
proach of one who now slept under the sod. But
he mu.st be permitted to .say, that none of thcfs«
feelings of pride and admiration which seemed to
II glow in the bosoms of some gentlemen, in contem-
' plating the will of Mr. Smithson, found an echo in
j? nis (Mr. S.'s) heart. He saw in the will of that
| j individual what he had seen in the wills of many-
is other men. After having griped, through their
1 lives, every shilling that came into their hands,
animated at last by some posthumous vanity,
