lyt
740
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.Adams.]
He was very sorry that duty devolved upon him.
He had for that gentleman, in more senses than one,
a most wholesome respect. _ Not only did lie re-
spect his character most sincerely, his accjune-
ments, his long experience, his information, so
accurate on every subject, but in addition to all
that, he had for him, as opposed to him in argu-
ment, a most wholesome respect. If any one
who ever debated with him came off the better in
the contest, it was while he (Mr. 0.) was out of the
House. And it was nothing but a sense of duty
which induced him to reply to the gentleman.
The gentleman from Massachusetts had labored
more zealously in this good cause than, perhaps,
any other mdiudual. He read from a report of
Mr. Adams, of March, 1840, in regard to the ap-
plication of these moneys, in which, among other
things, it was declared:
" It will be perceived that the United States have made
themselves creditors to the States, and made themsHver- re-
i portable for the 'punctual payment of the interest of those
lurid-," &e.
That (said Mr. O.) was the opinion of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, in 1840; it was Mr.
O.'s opinion to-day. He believed it is the United
States that are the'creditors of the State of Arkan-
sas, and the other States, and that their faith is
plighted for the due administration of this fund.
And this included the question of time. Delay
was equivalent to denial; to say you will adminis-
ter a fund fifty years hence, is to say you will not
administer it at all.
But not only in 1840, but a much later date,
when everybody knew that Arkansas had failed for
three years to pay her interest, did the gentleman
from Massachusetts bring in a bill—in June, 1844,
(from which Mr. O. read)—which went further
than the bill now before the committee, absolutely
declaring that $800,000 was now in the treasury of
the United States, the interest of which, being about
$33,000 more than this bill applied, was to be ap-
propriated.
He alluded to the objection of Mr. Ficki.iw, that
we should doubtless appropriate hundreds of thou-
sands more than this sum, if we now began; and
said, in the unwillingness of members to appropriate
even the interest, there was no very great reason
to imagine that they would be so ready to appro-
priate a larger sum, not included in this amount at
all, over which the institution has no right and with
which no connexion.
He was no lawyer, and would not argue the case
technically; but he would say, if thcie be any
means of lowering our national character over the
•whole civilized world (and with so small a gain to
the Government) more effectually than this, he did
not know what it was. lie held in regard to pub-
lic and private morals there is no difference. The
interest that had accrued on this sum was about
$242,000, (about one-half of which had been paid,)
orabout one-hundredth part of the annual expend-
itures and receipts of the Government; and, in
addition to this, we had some ten or twelve thou-
sand dollars surplus in the treasury. And still we
claimed that we were relieved of the obligation for
this money, because wc had invested it in stocks,
the interest of which was not paid. It was like a
man with an annual income of $2,000, and in ad-
dition having (say) $1,000 deposited in bank, who
had loaned to a wayward or unfortunate son §20,
(one-hundredth part of his income,) which he had
received in trust for a friend; and who, one-half of
it having been paid, when called upon for the re-
turn of that trust, should refuse it on the ground
that one-half of the sum had not been paid by his
son, to whom, as trustee of the fund, he had loan-
ed it! No one would hesitate to say that, as a
matter of common justice and honesty, he should
pay this small amount, even if the son never paid
it to him. And what, we ought, to do as individu-
als, we ought also to do as public men.
He would not follow the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts through the whole coursc of his re-
marks. He believed the gentleman admitted that
the Government was ultimately responsible for the
application of this fund according to the intention
of the testator. If it did happen (which was not
probable, for he did not doubt her) that Arkansas
did not at some future period pay the interest, we
should be called upon to pay it from the treasury,
according to the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Now, he wanted to know what was the difference
between taxing our constituents (as the phrase
was) then and now? So far as the burden was
concerned, it was nothing; so far as reputation was
concerned, it was everything. The first duty of a
trustee was to carry into effect the object of the
trust; and if this duty was neglected, were we not
bound to provide at least against the loss of the
fund?
In reference to the advocacy by Mr. Adams of
the application of the fund to a library, and to
some remarks of Mr. A., (as the reporter under-
stood,-) that it was more in accordance with his
fancy, Mr. O, urged that fancy should have nothing
to do with the question; that we were bound to
appropriate this fund strictly acc6rding to the in-
tentions of the testator, whose intentions the appro-
priation of the principal portion of which to a
library, he argued, could not meet, inasmuch as,
though a library might tend to the " diffusion,"
it would not to the "increase'' "of knowledge
among menand as if a library had been intended
by Mr. Smithson, he would undoubtedly have
expressed it.
He was not specially wedded to this feature of
normal schools, yet he confessed he considered it
the most important one in the bill. And the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts wholly misunderstood
him if he supposed that his (Mr. O.'s) proposition
was to supersede the State normal schools. It was
rather a supplement to them—an institution which
would carry them further, where the science of
education should be improved. And for this they
had high authority. Mr. O. referred to Mr. Van
Buren's language on the subject, from which,
though not express to this point, he considered the
inference fair that he would be in favor of such a
feature.
As to the disgracc of educating our children with
foreign aid, there was no proposition in this bill to
educate children, but the teachers of children. And
as to the disgrace, it might be said with equal pro-
priety that it was disgraceful to receive foreign aid
for the founding a library.
One special portion of the duties of this normal
branch would be to call the attention of the States
generally to these normal schools, and it might,
and he hoped would, in this way, become the
means of increasing these schools.
In conclusion, Mr. 0. said the practical effect of
the amendment of Mr. Adams would be to post-
pone the matter indefinitely. His (Mr. O.'s) opin-
ion coincided much more nearly with the opinion
heretofore expressed from a source he respected so
highly on at least four different occasions; and he
hoped that Congress would no longer delay to
appropriate this fund, as in honor and justice they
were bound, so as to carry out as near as might
be the intentions of James Smithson.
Mr. E. H. EWING dissented from that part of
the amendment of Mr. Adams which went to' make
a legislative promise that nothing should be done
until the arrears of interest were collected from the
States m whose bonds the funds had been invest-
ed; and gave notice of a motion to strike it out.
lie was not able to say that this Government
had performed in a proper manner the duties of
trustee, and with proper precaution invested these
funds. Clearly, if this investment'had thus been
made, and the duties of trustee faithfully perform-
ed, the Government could not be held to assume
the debt, and carry out the intentions of the tes-
tator.
He could not agree with Mr. Sims that this fund
could ever be replaced m the chancery of England.
This Government was now a trustee in regard to
this fund. By its acceptance of it, it had obligated
itself to make a disposal of it according to the in-
tentions of the testator, and was incapable of
divesting itself of it.
If it had been properly invested, as a trustee
should invest it, the Government was not bound,
for the sake of keeping up its name, to make an
appropriation of the money of the people of the
United States for tne support of this charity, or
any other. The question was, whether this in-
vestment had been made in good faith—whether at
the time there was a reasonable probability that it
would be returned, or the interest on it paid regu-
larly.
I That question he was not able now to determine,
and he presumed this was the case with other
members of the House. Hence, in the absence
from the treasury of this fund, he was willing to
postpone action on the subject for the present.
Mr. J. Q. ADAMS had, he said, a few words
to say. In regard to the-purposes of this bequest, -
and the obligation and duty of the ITnitedLStates to
carry them mto effect, he agreed with the honor-
able chairman of the committee who reported the
bill. Both had the same object in view. In re-
gard to the mode of reaching the object, he did not
agree with the gentleman. He regretted this dif-
ference of opinion; but in all the public discussions
of this question, hardly any two persons had been
found to agree. If he differed from the honorable
chairman, the honorable chairman had also differ-
ed from all who had preceded him in the investi-
gation of this subject. This bill was entirely dif-
ferent from any that had been reported heretofore.
The chairman had done him the Honor to refer to
his (Mr. A.'s) former views on this subject, but
did not propose to carry them out. It was import-
ant to the argument to consider how the fund was
expended. He admitted that at the time when the
fund was invested in Arkansas stocks, those stocks
were at par, as were all the State stocks. The
banks afterwards suspended, and noj. only the'Ar-
kansas stocks, but all the State stocks depreciated.
The interest on these bonds was not paid, and% it
was the same case with the bonds of other States.
He (Mr. A.) entertained and cherished the hope
that, by means of what he called moral suasion—
by considerations of justice between State and Slate,
and man and man—the people of Arkansas, having
this subject presented to them year after year by
the President of the United States, would, for the
sake of their own" honor and interests, pay the
debt. He had that faith. Mr. A. went on to ex-
plain the provisions of his substitute for $ie bill.
He proposed that no appropriation for the pur- .
poses of this institution should be made a tax on
the people of the United States. Should this be
]j agreed to, and become a part of the act, he be-
lieved that it would be more effectual in persuad-
ing the people of Arkansas to pay this money,
than would be the thunder of the line-of-battle
ships with which we have been lately threatened
in the British Parliament. No application of force
was proposed by him. He would speak to them
only as friends to friends. He wouldsay to them,
we would not tax our own people to pay the sum
for which you are indebted—which you ought to
pay—and which you can pay almost without feel-
ing it. . , ;
Mr. YELL said, with the leave of the honorable
gentleman, he would make some explanations. The
remarks of the gentleman left it to be understood
that the interest of the Arkansas bonds had not
.been paid, and that the State was not disposed to
pay its-debts. He wished to let the House know
the state of this matter. Half a million of State
bonds were (in 1838) sold, and the proceeds invest-
ed in the Real Estate Bank of Arkansas. The bonds
invested were to be paid in twenty-five years. To
secure them, was pledged the bank capital ofamil-
lion and a half, and real estate which had been val-
ued at three millions. In addition to this, the Stale
took the bills'receivable and the assets of the bank.
The State at length saw its error, and the whole
country had opened its eyes£to the evils of such a
system. The State acted as honestly^as the nature
of the case would admit. It wound up the bank,
and determined to pay—^first, the outstanding iTotes,
and second, the special deposites. All these had
been paid. At the expiration of the time for which
the bonds were given, he had no doubt that they
would be paid; and if the assets of the bank were
insufficient, the State would pay them.
Mr. Y. also showed) from an official document,
that about ninety thousand dollars had been paid
towards the interest on these Arkansas bonds. Mr.
Y. went on to show that the State of Arkansas had
been greatly misused by the General Government,.
The distribution act passed in 1841. He, as the
Executive of Arkansas, recommended to the Legis-
lature not to accept the share of that State. That
1 body, though one-third of them were good Whigs,
| unanimously refused to accept it. But the Secre-
i tary of the Treasury credited the sum, not to Ar-
! kansas, but to the bank. The bank received it,
' and there it remained. When Arkansas came into
I the Union, five per cent, of the proceeds of lands
i sold in her limits were "given to the State. Till
ii 1842, the sum was promptly paid. After that time,
j; the Government retained the amount. Ho argued
; i that they had no more right to take it than they
I ( had to take the lands set apart for the support of
|; schools. When the Government was disposed to
! do justice to Arkansas, the people of that State
