1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
741
would be better enabled to meet their obligations.
The assets of the bank were equal-to the payment
of all the debts. , .
- He would not, however, pledge his State to pay
for the default of the bank.. When the bonds Ld
become due, and the barrk was -found unable to
pay them, then the State might be called upon.
Mr. ADAMS saijl the United States had nothing
to do with the bank. The State of Arkansas gave
bonds for the money, and they were in the treasury
tt°^' ,Pie m'meY was paid to an agent, and the
U mted fetates had nothing to do with the investment
of the lYion'ey.
Mr. YELL said the State of Avkansas made a
bank. They issued bonds and invested tlienj in
the Real Estate Bank. -
Mr. ADAMS. Sir, I had heard before that the
State of Arkansas never received any benefit from
this money. But it was paid to their authorized
agents. It was received in the name of the State,
and not of the bank. As to the argument that the
money was invested in the bank, and the bank was
broken, he would leave that to such operation as it
might have upon this committee, and let it go for
what it was worth. He would say nothing to the
disparagement of the State of Arkansas, or of the
Government of the United States on account of this
contract. But if the five hundred thousand dollars
in British sovereigns was sent by an agent to the
sovereign State of Arkansas, it was a matter of no
concern to the Government of the United States
whether the money wffs filched on the way.
Mr. YELL here asked if the gentleman inti-
mated that the money was misapplied by any agent
or agents of the State of Arkansas ?
Mr. ADAMS had not said a word (he said) in-
timating any such thins;. He had stated the fact.
He repeated that the United States had nothing to
do with the concerns of the bank, which the gen-
tleman had said was broken, and upon which fact
the gentleman had argued that the State was not
bound to pay the money.
Mr. A. was very sorry (he said) that this ques-
tion had been brought on. He had made no re-
flection on the State of Arkansas, or on the bank,
or on the agent. He still expressed the hope that
the State of Arkansas, after an appeal to her sense
of justice and honor, would pay the principal and
interest of the debt as it became due.
As to the State of Michigan, that portion of the
substitute which applied to it he should strike out.
The State had made a provision for the payment
of the money due by her.
Mr. ANDREW JOHNSON wished to ask one
or two questions on this subject of the honorable
chairman who reported the bill.
Was the money appropriated by the bill actually
in the treasury ?
Mr. OWEN said it would take a lawyer to an-
swer such a question. Half of the interest had
been paid, and half not.
Mr. A. JOHNSON.' Then I understand that
more than two hundred thousand dollars for the
buildings, &c., are to be paid, not out of the funds
oftheinstitutipn,butoutofthe treasury. lie wish-
ed this to be understood by the people.
Mr. OWEN said the gentleman might so con-
sider it; but he did not wish him to construe what
he had said into an admission that he [Mr. John-
son] was correct.
Mr. ANDREW JOHNSON said he would now
propose a question to the learned chairman of the
Committee on the Judiciary. The first section of
the bill proposed to lend money to the treasury.
Suppose we had loaned the fund to the United
States Bank, when it was in existence, and the
bank had failed, would the Government be bound
to make good the fund ?
Mr. RATHBUN had no objection to answer, as
lie said; and, as a lawyer, he would say, that a
trustee investing money in execution of a trust,
and in good faith, would not be bound to return it
if it should be lost. But a Government professing
to be the first in the world, ought not, in his
opinion, to avail itself of a legal and technical ex-
cuse, but should proceed to see the trust faithfully
executed. , , ,
Mr. ANDREW JOHNSON contended, that the
same moral reasons applied in both cases. The
bill itself, he proceeded to show, did not hold the
governmcnt" to be responsible, if it acted in good
faith- for it provided that all the investments on
account of the fund be pledged to refund the money
■to the treasury. This proved that the bill did not
appropriate money in the treasury, and it was not
bound for the money.
Ihere was something a little farcical and amu-
smg in this system of normal instruction, which
was to provide the country with school teachers,
u _Jvo.u^ to see a young man, educated at
the Smithsonian Institution, and brought up in all
the extravagance, folly, aristocracy, and corrup-
tion of Washington, go out into the country to
teach the little boys and girls to read and write!
Those young men, so educated, would steal, or play
the little pettifogger, sooner than become teachers.
Ninety-nine out of a hundred of those who received
the benefit of this institution would hang about a
law office—get a license—become a pack of drones,
instead of schoolmasters. Washington city was
not a place for such an institution. He believed
that it would result in an injury to the country in-
stead of a benefit.
Mr, OWEN asked if the gentleman was aware
that the will of Mr. Smithson designated Wash-
ington city as the place for the establishment of
the institution?
Mr. A. JOHNSON objected, he said, to the en-
tire scheme.
Mr. J. DAVIS asked whether the gentleman
would send the money back to the courl of chan-
cery ?
Mr. A. JOHNSON replied that he objected to
the whole principle of the measure, and that he
would send the money bank to the source from
whence it came.
Mr. J. DAVIS followed, with some remarks in
support of the measure. The Government was
bound, after solemnly accepting the trust, to exe-
cute it faithfully.
t Mr. BELL spoke on the Name side of the ques-
tion. It was eight years since the United States
(lie said) hud accoptcd this trust, which was one
of a delicate and important character. The ques-
tion was, in what manner the trust should be dis-
charged. lie held that the United States was re-
sponsible for the fund, and ought to appropriate it
for its object. lie hoped that Arkansas would one
day pay the money, but he feared it would be a
distant day. It was necessary to act now. lie
did not wholly approve of the lull reported, but iie
would take it rather than do nothing.
Mr. HOUGH sent to the Chair a substitute for
the bill, which he gave notice he would offer; and
it was read.
The committre then rose, and reported progress.
THE PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. HENLEY gave notice of a motion for leave
to bring in a bill to provide for the disposal of the
public printing by contract.
THE SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTE.
On motion of Mr. HOPKINS, (and under the
operation of the previous question,) a resolution
was adopted, providing that all debate on this bill
(in committee) should cease in one hour after it
shall" again have been taken up.
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
"Wednesday, Jipvil 21), 184G.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Department of War,
made in compliance with a resolution of the Sen-
ate, calling for information respecting the mineral
lands of the Lake Superior region, accompanied
by a report from Colonel Taleott, of the Ordnance
Bureau; which, on motionof Mr. WOODBRiDGE,
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
PETITIONS.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petition of John
Dcvehn, asking compensation for services rendered
in the office of the Fifth Auditor; which was re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. ASHLEY presented additional documents
in support of the claim of Creed Taylor; which
were referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. HUNTINGTON asked to withdraw the
papers of Elisha Tracy, with a view that they
might be taken and presented in the House; which
was agreed to.
Mr. BERRIEN presented the memorial of the
Georgia Historical Society, asking that there may
be aif increased number of the copies of the Ex-
ploring Expedition, so as to enable the public li-
braries and scientific associations to have them;
which was referred to the Committee on the Libra-
ry, and ordered to be printed.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. LEWIS, from the Committee on Finance,
reported a bill to refund to certain citizens therein
named an excess of duties* exacted on foreign mer-
chandise; which was read a first and second time*
Mr. LEWIS, from the same committee, made
an adverse report on the petition of Jacob Clarke;
which was ordered to be printed.
; Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
jl mittee on Pensions, leported a bill granting a pen-
11 sion to John Clarke; which was read a first time,
'i Mr. JOHNSON made adverse reports on the
! petition of the widow of John Little and Ruth
Fry.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on Pen-
| sions, made adverse reports on the petitions of
i Zebuion Mead and Elizabeth Myers.
|l On motion of Mr. MOREIIEAD,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Library be
J' instructed to inquire into the expediency of dis-
j tributing copies of the American Archives now be-
j! longing to the Government among the historical
| societies, incorporated public libraries, colleges,
\', and universities, in the United States.
e
|! CLAIMS AGAINST MEXICO.
11 Mr. JARNAGIN, in pursuance of leave, intro-
i duccd a joint resolution in regard to claims of ciu-
' /ens of the United States against the Republic of
. Mexico.
J Mr. J. desired that it might be read a second
time by Us title, with a view lo reference.
| The reading; of the joint resolution having been
called for, it was read as follows:
I JOINT RESOLUTION in regard lo claims nf citizens of
j the United ^tato upon the Uepubhe of Mexico.
! Whereas, since the year one thousand eight hundred and
! twontj -one, ihe public authorities of the Republic of Mex-
, tc^have rcp.'UtMlJy perpotiated and permitted numerous
[ ana jrmjH outrages upon the persons and property of unof-
' tVmht.ij oiti/.cns. ot tin; United States, equally in violation of
■ the obligations and ('MMiiiij tio.Uies as of the principles of
. law ami justice • And wheiea* the Government of the United
Nates, leeoyiUMnsx its impeianv obligations to protect it«
eiti/-pns in ino enjoyment of thru* just rights, and to enforce
byMiitnhle means propei remuneiation hen these nahts
, are infringed by any loreign Tower, have for a sends of
j years sought to obtain rediess front Me.xico tor these reit-
! crated and aggravated wrongs m a friendly and paeiiic man-
j ner: And whereas the Government of Mexico has on several
I occasions admitted as well the occurrence of the outrages
1 complained of, as the obligation thereby imposed on it ftiliy
I to make compensation for such wrongs, but has nevertheless
j permitted the same to remain without redress, thus disre-
I garding her own high obligation as well as solemn promises:
j And whereas even that portion of these claims which have
{ been definitively adjudicated by a tribunal constituted for
| that object by the: two Powcis has been allowed to remain
. unpaid, in violation of the most precise treaty stipulations,
| and even the funds solemnly pledged for their liquidation to
| be diverted to other objects: And whereas the Government
| of Mexico pciiinaciously omits to do justice m the pieinfcea,
j and ha? alno peremptorily refused tu leeeive the diplomatic
representative of the United States, and has rejected every
pacific ovetturc which ha* been made to her, thus leaving
to t le Government of the United States only the alternative
of the absolute abandonment of the rights and interests of its
eituens, which it is bound by e\er> obligation both express
and implied to vindicate and sustain, or to report to more
effective ineasincs for their vindication:
Be it therefore resolved by the Senate and House of'Repre-
sentative* of the United States of Jlmcriia in Congress assem-
bled, That the President be, and he is hereby, authorized
and empowered, hv and with the consent of the Senate, to
appoint tluee suitable persons as commissioners, together
with (in" to net a< then seeretaiy, who shall constitute a
boat d to hold its sittings in the city of Washington at an early
day to be fixed by the'Presidcnt; that the said board, when
organized, &hall be authorized and empowered to receive,
hear, examine, and finally decide all claims of citizens of the
United States upon the Republic of Mexico which shall be
presented or e.\inbjted lo it, to ascertain and adjust tlie
amount due on each respectively, and from time to time
report the same, together with a succinct statement of the
nature and character of each claim so received and allowed
to the Secretiny of State. And the said board in it* said
adjudications shall be governed by the law of nations, the
tieaties between the two Powers, and by the principles and
rules established and cmbiaced in the ununified treaty
executed by their lespective Plenipotentiaries on the 20th
November,1813. And the said boaul shall have powci lo
appoint a clerk to aid in the performance of its duties.
 /2nd be it further resolved. That the said commissioners
and seerefai-y shall receive the same compensation for their
services as was provided for the similar officers by the act of
June 12,1S40.
be it further resolved, That the President shall have
and exercise the same powers, as to the contingent expen-
ses of said board, as is piovided in and by said act, and that
the same shall be paid out of any money in the treasury not
otherwise appropuated.
The resolution was then referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations.
