'1846.'
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
743
part of the greatest and first men of the country.
Even Mr. Jefferson himself fell into an error on this
" subject, and it was not to be wondered that others
had been led "astray. ■ It was said by the Senator
from South Carolina that he *88 a convert to this
doctrine at this late hour. Did that conversion
grow out of a certain, convention last year ? He
(Mr. N.) was at a loss to know from what source it
sprung. The gentleman had, no doubt, stated his
convictions, but he (Mr. N.) expressed his Regret
and astonishment at hearing such sentiments from
such a quarter.. If because the Government was a
landholder it could do all this, then there was no
limit to the power of the Government. But there
could be no power except that incident to proprie-
torship. The Government was to take care 'of the
land, and to regulate the sales—that was all. The
very language used i'nthe Constitution had reference
to no other power beyond that indispensably ne-
cessary to the character of mere ownership of the
public property. There was no general grant of
power at all. The bill was not a small matter in
itself. Here were two public works, each of two
hundred miles in extent, and they were very mod-
estly asked to aid them by the grant of one-half of
the public lands throughout that whole extent of
the State—the whole amount, although portions of
it may have been already disposed of; because, if
sold., sections elsewhere are to be taken. Yetthey
were to be told that for all this there would be am-
ple equivalent in the increased value of the public
land. If one-half of the land had been already
sold, where was the equivalent to be obtained
The idea was altogether an absurdity—a mockery.
It was as ridiculous as the offer of a man would be
who should propose to appropriate to himself one-
half of his neighbor's farm, and indemnify him for
the loss by making the remaining half of more
value than the whole. It was all humbug. He
understood that it was a pioneer bill. It was put
forward to break the way for a bill from Missis-
sippi. Where was the application of the^ doctrine
to end ? How many roads were wanted in all the
western States? Ten miles were to be taken for
each road; and as roads wore wanted in all direc-
tions in these States, it was easy to see how the
entire public domain could be absorbed in this way.
A system more preposterous, more unjust, more
discordant with any recognised principle of sound
legislation, could not be imagined. It was the re-
mark of a very wise man who lived during a very
interesting period of the French Revolution, that,
there were but three ways of living in the world:
one was, by the interest of capital; the second, by
the wages of labor; and the third, by stealing, so call-
ed or not so called. That was a very strong remark
as applied to individuals, but as applied to corpo-
rations it was,' he (Mr. N.) thought, strictly and
literally true'—they were sustained cither by honest
credit m these public works, or else by stealing, so
called or not so called—that was by plundering the
public in its general capacity, or by plundering in-
dividuals. This has been a system of plunder.
These works were undertaken with a view to plun-
der in many instances, in others not with the re-
quisite capital or credit; and the projectors, having
commenced them and got into debt, make out a
case of necessity for their completion in some way,
and that is by plundering the public or individuals,
or engaging m some sort of plunder. That was
the species of plunder that they were now called
on to sustain. He protested against it. He did
not know whether the system had already com-
menced; but if not, he hoped it never would be
nermitted to commence, and therefore he would
vote against the bill. He asked for the yeas and
navs on the Question.
Mr. CALHOUN replied. When up before he
made a very few observations, and stated that m
his opinion the Government had a right, in its pro-
prietary character, to contribute to public improve-
ments, such as roads and canals, flections of the
public lands as far as might be in accordance with
the extent of benefit accruing to the public domain
hv the improvements. The Senator from Connec-
ticut [Mr. Niles] rose in his place and denounced
this opinion as involving an abandonment oi his
("Mr C.'s) former course. Now he asked the Sen
ator in what particular he (Mr. C.) had abandoned
his former course? He gave him time to answer.
The Senator was silent. He could not specify m
what particular he (Mr. C-) had " abandoned his
course." He (Mr. 0.) thought that, as a matter of
courtesy, before he ventured to make a charge of
this kind, the Senator from Connecticut should
have examined his (Mr. C. 's) past course and past
action on this subject. There never had been a
time when he (Mr.'C.) had not stood and acted on
this subject in the1 same way. He had voted for a
grant of alternate sections to Illinois. He had voted
in that way uniformly—at all times. Yet the Sen-
ator from Connecticut, without regarding either his
(Mr. C. 's) feelings or a sense of justice, got up and
announced to the Senate that he (Mr. C.) had j
"abandoned" his former opinions, and was aeon- j
vert to the doctrine! He (Mr. C.) deemed it due j
to every man, that when charges of that kind were
made, they should be preferred only after a thor- j
ough examination of his past life and past action, j
and ought not to be ventured on in the dark— i
thrown out haphazard—as in this instance they !
had been thrown out by the Senator from Connecti- j
cut. He (Mr. C.) acted now on the principle on j
which he had acted from the beginning—a princi- j
pie perfectly clear; and not only was it clearly the ;
right of the Government to make these grants, but !
I he considered that it was the duly of the Govern- .
I ment to do so. They did not in so doing act in j
their sovereign capacity. The question of internal j
improvements was not at all involved, but snnnly j
that of proprietorship, whether, when anything j
was done to enhance the value of their lands in the i
vicinity of the works, they were not called on and j
bound in good faith to contribute something as the ;
As to the extent of the grant in this
in such a way as was legitimate and strictly inci-
dental to their mere proprietary character. But
the present bill, he (Mr. IS.) apprehended, went
still farther than that. It was, indeed, difficult to
prescribe any limit to the operation of such a prin-
ciple. They were told that the grant would benefit
the public land. It might or might not do so. How
could it do so if the line went through a portion of
the public domain already disposed oivor a portion
not likely to be sold? The power of the Govern-
ment could not depend on such contingencies.
There was or there was not a power to expend
money in this way. All that they could do was,
to take care of the public lands, survey them, and
I make temporary improvements, m order to get ac-
I cess to them. Cut here was a general power con-
j tended for—a power to make roads and canals
! anywhere wliicli might have a connexion with tlie
! public domain, and tend to facilitate its sale and
' increase its price. Tiiat was, he thought, an un-
I limited power, and he denied its existence.
! Mr. CALHOUN remarked, in reply, that if the
' gentleman could not see a distinction between the
! case of the Cumberland road—a work undertaken
1 by the General Government—and the ease m
' which the Government, in its proprietary charac-
ter, contributes to works undertaken by States or
individuals, he (Mr. C.) could only express his
re-ret To him the difference was as great as that
between night and day- In the one case there was
an exercise of the right of sovereignty, in the other
proprietors. ...  ... h  , . - .
case, he was not then prepared to offer any opinion. simply that of ownership. nm-nose
It seemed to him a large gram, but the propriety of Mr. L ASS said he did^no _ T>
that was matter for consideration. There was one
portion of the hill which, it was proper to add, did ;
not, in his judgment, come within the principle— [
that was to say, that where the land had been pur-
chased by companies or individuals the State had i
not a right to sections, as in that case the public
of defending tiie course of Mr. Jefferson upon a
similar subject to that under consideration, which
the honorable Senator from Connecticut seems to
condemn. The views of that illustrious statesman
did not need Mr. C.'s support. They may be
safely left with Ins own fame to the guardianship
of bis countrymen. Nor did^ he seek to redeem
the Senator from South Carolina irom the chaige
, of inconsistency, which, in like manner the Sen-
ator from Connecticut had preferred against him.
The honorable Senator thus called to account was
fully competent, !is e\ cry one It new, to delend him-
I self. But he rose for the purpose of correcting
sonic of the misapprehensions into which the Sen-
ator from Connecticut had fallen.
interests would not be promoted by the grant, that
portion of the public domain having been already
disposed of. But, in this, and in all eases where a
road passed through the public lands and application
was made when the work had been commenced, and
there was a reasonable probability that the value
of the public lands would be. enhanced, he was in
favor of contributing largely, and in so doing he
abandoned no principle. As far as he could judge . ««  - ---■ raised bv
of the laities,the canal would be of vast impor- f ^ Z
tancc. The lands intermediate between the termini
would be greatly increased in value. As to the rail-
road he could not express any opinion, but was de-
sirous to see it completed, and for that purpose was
willing to grant the desired appropriation, on con-
dition only that the Government should have the
use of it when required for the conveyance of stores
and troops.
Mr. NIt.ES explained. He had no intention to
misrepresent the Senator.
Mr. CALHOUN. Of course not. Ididnotac-
cuse the Senator of that.
Mr. NILES had only put such a construction on
the views of the Senator as he deemed warrant-
able. He believed that the Senator had voted
against the appropriation for the Cumberland road.
Mr. CALHOUN. Certainly.
Mr. WILES likewise believed that the Senator
had denied any general power of the Government
in any form to co-operate ill or assist the execution
of works of public, improvement. Now, be [Mr.
Cai.iioun] had told them that ccrtain improvements
might be made by (be Government—that expendi-
tures might he incurred by the Government in its
capacity of proprietor of the public domain. He
(Mr. N.) inferred that that principle was broad
enough to lead to almost any result.' He still
thought so. The principle might be confined by
the Senator to works constructed within the limits
of the public domain; but if it were a sound prin-
ciple at all, it was one without any limit. Be-
cause it was easily conccived, that if their proprie-
torship gave them a right to expend money and
construct roads with the view of enhancing the
value of the public lands and promoting their sale,
the principle went beyond the limits of the public
domain. So it started. That was the origin of
the system of internal improvements. The funds
Granted for the construction of the Cumberland
road -were appropriated on the principle that the
Government had a right to construct a road to
the public domain. The gentleman voted against
the Cumberland road, but now he says the Gov-
ernment may expend money to benefit the public
domain. Well, probably the Government might,
the Senator, it has no application here.
( recollected that the Government of the United
j Suites has double functions to perform. By the
I Constitution it manages the external concerns or
the country, and those internal concerns which
1 naturally arise out of the relations which the States
i hear to one another. The General and the State
Governments are kept distinct and independent of
each other. And in the practical exposition of the
powers of Congress, it ought to become a funda-
mental pvmciplc, thut ft strict construction shun be
adopted, so that no authority not clearly granted,
or not actually nccessarv to carry clearly express-
ed powers into effect," shall be assumed by it.
And here lies the difficulty which has always been
felt in the exercise of ccrtain functions by Congress
which interfere with the State sovereignties; and
which are not among the express powers enumer-
ated in the Constitution, such as the making roads,
&c. But the General Government possesses an-
other function besides that of special law making.
It is a great landowner, holding and having held
more than one-half of the Union, and expressly
empowered by the Constitution to dispose oj and
make all needful rules and regulations respecting the
territory or other property belonging to the Umled
Here is an unlimited authority enabling
Stales.  — — . . ,
Congress to take any course it t thinks^ proper
concerning the public lands. While the jurisdic-
tion as well as the tide is in the United States, tins
power is unlimited, lifter the establishment, how-
ever, of State Governments, the ordinary jurisdic-
tion passes to the State authorities, and the power
of Congress ceases as a law-maker, except m those
cases provided for by the Constitution; and in other
I cases it retains only its power as a landowner.
: It has got the authority to make all needful rules
and regulations for the disposition of its property,
and to dispose of it just as it pleases, restrained
only by a wholesome discretion. And our statute-
books are filled with legislation upon this subject.
It will be seen, therefore, that the question of dis-
posing of the public lands is the only one which
arises°in this case. There is no question of juris-
diction here. This bill does not propose to interfere
