1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
745
A large portion .of its bonds had passed from it
without the slightest 'consideration, and many of
them, it is believed, under circumstances that wo aid
justifyacourtof equityin interposing relief. Every
citizen in the State is most anxious to bring its
just debt within its means-; and for this purpose a
law was recently passed, to which the honorable
Senator from Connecticut has alluded, for the sale
of the railroad at a far less sum than it cost. A
System of taxation has been instituted for the pay-
ment of the interest. It is hoped and believed that
the sale will go on, and that the State will thus be
enabled to call in so many of its outstanding bonds,
as to bring the residue of its debt within its con-
trol. - This is a consummation devoutly sought by
the people of the State and the State Government.
But such a result, if attained, furnishes no objec-
tion as urged against this bill. The road will be
completed, and the two great objects which Con-
gress ought to seek will be attained. Its effect
will be felt in the enhanced value of all the land
within a reasonable distance of it, and it will be-
come a great line of communication, useful in
peace, and almost indispensable in war. If thus
completed, and with adequate securities, which the
law 6f its sale contains, for its use by the public
and by individuals, why require the State forever
to hold it ? Individuals can manage it better. All
experience proves that: And while the State is
striving to redeem its credit and pay its debts,
should an impediment be thrown in its way by
Congress ? "Why require it to retain property,
when no earthly advantage would result from it,
and when it is most anxious to sell it, in order to
pay its debts? Such a limitation would seem to be
a premium upon dishonesty. You would prevent
the State from doing what is right, and what it
wishes to do, by the penalty of not receiving your
proportion of your just expenditures, rendered
just by the enhanced value of your property, if she
effect the sale, which is to relieve her, and pay her
creditors. I do not see either the justice or the
policy of such a limitation, and 1 trust the amend-
ment will not prevail.
Mr. NILES then made some remarks in reply
and explanation. He contended that the latitude j
of construction given to the clause in the Consti-
tution quoted by the Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Cass] was infinitely more dangerous than the doc-
trine upon which heretofore tlie system of internal
improvements had been advocated. Ho denied
that the increase in the wealth and resources of
the West had been the result of Government ex-
penditures. Individual industry and enterprise
Jmd achieved the triumphs which they had wit-
nessed in the West. Ho insisted that the bill was
nothing more nor less than a revival of that sys-
tem of internal improvements advocated with such
pertinacity some years since, and sought to be
ingrafted on the country. _ It was then the great
leading measure of a political party, who were
ready to Stake their existence upon it—that was to
say, the distribution of the proceeds of the public
lands amongst all the States. At first, he believed,
it was pretended that the appropriations were to
be confined to the objccts designated in this very
bill. But public opinion had declared against that
system; and yet it was now attempted to revive
it—confining it, however, to those States in which
the public domain was located. If the law to regu-
late the public domain authorized the construction of
roads and canals, then lie insisted it authorized the
claim formerly setup in all its extent, as urged by
those who contended f6r the doctrine to winch he
had alluded. There was, indeed, more show of
propriety in the doctrine formerly set up than m
the partial, sectional system of which tins bill was
an example. If he would go into the thing at all,
he would go into it in the broadest sense. As to .
the argument based on enhancing the value of
public lands, he regarded it as of little weight. \
He was willing to reduce the price of the public i
lands In that way the benefit would be general. ^
But the bill was local and sectional. Gentlemen ;
had talked a great dcal.about a liberal policy, and
all that He was opposed to the bill on the very ;
ground that it was illiberal, because it was partial '
^Mr^JBKEESE said he was in favor of the prin-
nle of the bill, and saw no particular objection to
its-details. He had intended to offer some general
remarks in its support, but the Senator from Michi-
gan who had just spoken, [Mr. Cass,] had antici-
pated him, and covered the ground he had design-
ed to occupy, and in a more satisfactory manner.
There was, however, said Mr. B., some consider-
ations bearing on the subject which he had omit-
ted, and which he would endeavor to supply.
Mr. B.said he would first advert to the piinciple
of justice involved in the case, as it was the duty
as well as desire of Congress to do justice, and to
act with impartiality towards all the new States in
the disposal of the public domain within them. The
first State, Mr. B. said, formed out of cedcd terri-
tory in winch the United States was the great pro-
prietor of all the lands within it, is Ohio; and to
her Congress had been liberal, m granting lands
for canals, turnpikes, and for other useful and be-
neficent purposes; not for the benefit of Ohio alone,
but as a means of improving their own lands and
making them saleable. That State contained some-
thing over twenty-five millions of acres; and to aid
in selling them, Congress had granted to her, for
internal improvements alone, 1,180,11)2 acies; and
to the State of Indiana, with about twenty-three
and-a-half millions of acres, there had been grant-
ed for the same purpose, 1,608,404 acres; whilst to
tile State of Michigan, with mure than thirty-eight
millions of acres, there had been granted lor such
purpose but 500,000 acres. The grants proposed
by the bill, Mr. li. said, amount to a fraction over
one million of acres; which, with what she had re-
ceived, will make the extent of her grants but a
trifle greater than those to Indiana. Mr. B. said,
if the dimensions of the States atlbrded any correct
basis for the extent of these grants—and it seemed
to him proper that they should, because they mark-
ed theextontof the interest which the United States
had in the lands to be benefited by the grants—the
State of Michigan would be entitled to morn than
two millions of acres. On the principle, then, of
fair and impartial justice, Michigan could claim a
much larger grant than lluit contemplated by the
bill now under consideration.
Mr. B. said, so far as grants of this kind were
concerned, they had never been regarded by any
statesman as buunug upon, or being connected
with, internal improvements by Congress, in the
States, with the moneys laiscd by taxes, duties,
imposts, and excises, tor purposes specified in the
Constitulion. They were foreign from Ihent n!to-
sethor, and rested upon a principle wholly diller-
ent, which was adverttd to by the Senator from
South Caiolni't, [Mr. Calhoun,] that of proprie-
torship of the lands, and an application of the
power, under the Constitution, to dispose of them.
Such grants (Mr. B. said) were coeval with an
ownership of the lands, and were made by the early
Congresses in repeated instances; the design being
to make the reserved lands saleable, and to open
the domain to settlement. The constitutional ob-
jection, though adverted to, as the Senator from
Connecticut [Mr. IN'iles] has done, had never pre-
vailed; and statesmen the most strict in their con-
stitution of the Constitution, had given bills for
such purposes their unqualified sanction.
Mr. B. said he regicited very much to hear ob-
jections made to such grants by Senators from the
original States, who had derived to themselves ex-
clusively all the. benefits of the domain within their
limits. The old Congress of 1778 declared—in
considering the objections of Rhode Island, Mai y-
land, and .New Jersey, to the Articles of Confed-
eration—that the Slates, individually, by the suc-
cessful iisue of the Revolution, would be the pro-
prietors of all the unsettled lands within them,
and not the United States; and this in virtue of
their individual sovereignty and independence.
From this fund, thus placed at their own disposal,
(Mr. B. said,) they had heon enabled to endow
colleges, establish schools, construct public works;
and yet the new States, admitted into the Union
with the same rights of sovereignty and independ-
ence as the original States, were obliged to apply
to Congress for the right of way over the public
lands before they could construct a railroad, turn-
pike, or canal; and, according to the argument of
the Senator, [Mr. JSii.es,] must encounter all the
expense of such works, the inevitable effect of
which is, to make the lands of the United States
accessible and saleable, anil bring money into the
public treasury, and not take it out, as the Senator
from Alabama [Mr. Bagby] supposes. The old
States (Mr. B. said) had used their public domain
as they pleased—they deriving all the benefit from
it. He thought, then, that objections to such grants
as these came with a very ill grace from that quar-
ter, and savored of injustice. Mr. B. said he
thought it was very ungenerous that any objec-
tions should be urged to these grants from such a
quarter. The old States (Mr. B. said) were also
indirectly benefited by the improvement of the new
Suites, which has been and will be brought about
by such works of internal improvement as this
bill designs to aid, and the national treasury also.
The new States are the producers for the old; they
furnish reciprocal markets for the productionsof
each, and ours will be cheapened to them by in-
creasing the facilities of transportation; and if this
can be done constitutionally, as he-believed it could
be, why these objections? Mr. B. said he did not
believe uny constitutional objections to such grants
could be sustained by fair argument. The whole
history of our legislation upon the subject of the
public lands, was in favor of the principle of this
bill.
Mr. B. said the United States stood in the rela-
tion of proprietor of the public lands, and if they
had no right to make donations of tliem of this
kind in that character, he would ask the Senator
from Connecticut, [Mr. iS'u.Es,] by what constitu-
tional authority did the United Suites own these
lands? Certainly (said Mr. B.) if thev can own
them, they can dispose of them under the grant of
power in the Constitution " to dispose of and make
all needful rules and regulations respecting the ter-
ritory or other property of the United States,"
and in subjection to the condition upon which they
were ceded and accepted, that they should be dis-
posed of for the common benefit. Is'o one can
doubt, (said Mr. 13.,) in looking to the improve-
ment of the West in less than one generation,
hastened by Mich grants as the.se, tluit the common
benefit has been piomotcd by tlifem. The United
States owning the lands, it was a question of ex-
pediency simply, for Congress to determine wheth-
er their lands could be made saleable and produce
money to the treasury by making a road through
them, or not. If the question was determined in
the affirmative, Congress had a right to grant land
to make the road, or to make it by its own action;
for no State right is infringed if the United States
own the land in the new States. Mr. B. said that
was the governing principle m Mr. Jefferson's
time, when he projected the Cumbeikind road to
extend through Ohio; and it governed thogrtint of
the sixteenth sections and of the free donations
to the early pioneers—to open the immense mass
of public lands to sale and settlement. Congress,
in 1820, in extending this road through the States
of Indiana and Illinois to Missouri, avowed, in the
preamble of the act, that it was to make the public
lands more valuable, and actually paid for the
survey of the road out of the general revenues of
thecountry arising from imports and other sources;
thereby authorizing the principle, much more ex-
tensive than is now contended for, that in order to
enhance the value of the public lands, as held in
trust by the United States for the benefit of all the
States, the moneys of the public treasury might be
used to pay the expenses of a survey of a road
through them.
As far back as 1796, Mr. B. said, Congress
granted to Ebcnezcr Lane three miles square of the
public land, to open a road from Wheeling to
Limestone in Kentucky; the whole course of it
being through the public lands. This was the ob-
ject of all the grants to the new States for purposes
of internal improvement—to settle the lands. As
following these grants to Ohio, Indiana, and Illi-
nois, the United States had sold lands in those
States to an amount exceeding sixty millions of
dollars, which, without them, would have been
unsaleable for ail indefinite term of years. By
sales of these lands thus stimulated by these grants,
a great part of the debt of the Revolution, and of the
last war, had been paid; and it must have been
a wise policy which had produced such results.
Thirty years ago, there was not one organized
State northwest of the Ohio river, with a popula-
tion of less than half a million. Now there is more
than four and a half millions. Mr. B. said lie
would not dwell on the vast increase in population
and wealth which had arisen from this wise policy
on the part of Congress, and he prayed it would
continue to be pursued towards all the new States
in the most liberal manner.
Mr. WESTCOTT followed in support of the
bill. He averred that no Government on the face
of the earth had acted so meanly and niggardly as
had the United States with respect to the public
domain. Spain—despotic Spain—when in posses-
