746
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
sion of Louisiana and Florida, made liberal dona-
tions and grants on condition of improvement;
these grants were not made to her subjects alone,
but also to foreigners, to citizens of the United
States: and there were hundreds of grants to citi-
zens of the United States, and which were faithful-
ly perfected, to be found in the archives of the
Spanish Government, on the sole condition of im-
provement. So it was with the administration of
the public domain of Louisiana when in the hands
of Spain. England pursued the same policy when
in possession of Florida, and even to a greater ex-
tent than it was pursued by Spain. She pursued
the same policy m Canada. But what had been
the policy of the United States, with regard to the
immense domain which it acquired by the cession
of Florida and Louisiana, and with regard to the
-vast quantity of land which it had obtained by ces-
sion of the States? A miserable, huckstering, ped-
dling policy of selling it out at one dollar and a
quarter per acre. Although, time after time, session
after session of Congress, application had been
made to them to graduate the price of these public
lands, they had uniformly refused to lower the
price, although the lands might remain unsold and
unoccupied for twenty-five years. Whilst he was
a member of Congress his vote would always be
found recorded in favor of any bill granting public
lands for any reasonable object; and he would not
be very particular in his scrutiny of the probabili-
ties of the utility of the object. He regarded the
continued possession of these lands by the General
Government as a nuisance. He regarded the whole
policy of the Government in that respect as fraught
with great abuses. It increased the patronage of
the General Government to an improper extent,
leading to corruption and injury to the public in-
terests. In many districts the proceeds of the sales
did not cover the expenses of the agencies and the
losses by defalcations. He thought that the sys-
tem ought to bo changed; and that the Govern-
ment should become more liberal with regard to
the public lands. It was not the possession of a
vast public domain which constituted the greatness
of a Government. He would rather have one good
citizen on the coast of Florida to defend and rep-
resent the country, than a thousand acres of un-
cultivated soil. In every respect the policy of the
United States with regard to the public lands had
been most miserable. Let them look to their min-
eral lands, and see what a huckstering policy had
been puisued. So, too, with their live-oak lands.
One good American settler surely was worth more
than a hundred live-oak trees. He had no jmtience
with such a narrow-minded and impolitic sys-
tem. He did not entirely concur with the Senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,] that the
p-rant should be proportioned to the equivalent
which might be expected to arise from the increas-
ed value of the public lands. He (Mr. W.) was
of opinion that the grant would be perfectly justi-
fiable on the ground of giving strength to the part
of the country for whose benefit the grant was
made. He had paid some attention to the details
of this bill, and was quite assured that the General
Government could not in any case make a more
proper and justifiable donation of the public lands
than that contemplated by the bill.
Mr. ARCHER thought the right to make the
annropriation proposed by the present bill reposed
on'the distinction made by the Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun.] If the bill were con-
structed on its proper principle, it ought not to be
construed as touching the power in the Federal
Government of promoting internal improvements, i
It was not an exercise of the power over internal i
improvements at all, but of that, other power spo- |
ken of by the Senator from South Carolina-—the j
power to dispose of the public lands. There was i
no power less subject to limitation, oi which
ought to be less subject, than that one. His objec-
tion to the bill was, its not being grounded on the
power of disposing of the public lands, but on tne
two powers mixe'd up together. The bill, as he
understood, contemplated an appropriation ofland,
and of money also. There was a power, under
certain contingencies, in the Government of the
United States, to appropriate land for improve-
ments, but that could not warrant the appropria-
tion proposed.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE explained.
After a few more remarks from Mr. ARCHER,
the reading of a portion of the bill was called for;
which was ordered.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON rose, and after expressing
his concurrence with the Senator from South Car-
olina, [Mr. Calhoun,] that the expenditures for
improvements by the Government of the United
States would be remunerated by the result, he
was desirous of seeing a sufficient quantity of land
appropriated for the purposes of the bill. He
would therefore move to amend the bill by stri-
king nut, in the 3d section, after the words," to
dispose of," the word "any," and insert " more
than one-third." And again, after the word
" granted," he would move the insertion of the
following words:
" The said railroad and canal, mentioned in said sections,
shall be fully completed, and so certified to the President of
the United States by the Governor of the State of Michigan;
and that."
Mr. "WOODBRIDGE observed, that if the Sen-
ate required more than the honor of the State of
Michigan as a security, he was sorry for it. He
thought full confidence ought to be placed in Michi-
gan. The grant could not be altogether for her
benefit, for at least twenty years; and after that
period, even should the works be completed, she
would be compelled to give a dollar for every acre.
He knew the subject was one which had become
fatiguing to the Senate; and remembered the old
maxim that brevity is the soul of wit. There it
was the soul of common sense. And yet the relation
in which he stood to that bill compelled him to
make a few remarks further. The principal ground
of objection to this bill by the Senator from Con-
necticut, [Mr. Niles,] was what common sense
suggested—the entire equality of the States. What
he said as to that he (Mr. W.) would not contra-
dict; it was at the foundation of the whole matter.
He would remind Senators that the rights of all
States were originally derived from the Common- 1
wealth of Virginia on terms of equality, and on 1
condition, too, that those coming after should be ,
possessed of the same privileges, and be treated in :
the same manner. The Constitution of the United I
States controls each State, and says that new States
shall not take possession of the lands withm their
limits. There was no power more indispensable
than that of taxing all the lands with the sovereign
power. Every nation claimed it. The General
Government,-as it had aright to do, said to Michi-
gan, You may come into the Union, but shall not
tax the lands; but in taking away that Sovereign
power of taxation, it was understood some equiva-
lent should be given for it. Michigan had sought
repeatedly the means of increasing her facilities of ;
commerce, her internal improvements, and the re-
sult was a total failuie—the destruction of her re- |
sources. The whole of the expense of her past '
improvements was borne by one-fourth of her peo- j
pie. That was neither right nor in accordance j
with the constitutional principle, nor that upon j
which the Commonwealth of Virginia acted to- i
wards the old States, and stipulated in behalf of [
all that they should be admitted on equal condi- j
tions and terms. Why did they give Ohio five !
per cent, oil the sales of public lands? To make i
her a favorite? Not at all; but because she was '
embarrassed. The reason Michigan was embar- j
rassed, was because the public expenses were <
thrown upon one-fourth of the people. The ap-
propriation asked for would be but an act of jus-
tice, and a compliance with the broad and sound
principle of equality among States, spoken of by
the Senator from Connecticut.
Mr. BENTON wished to know what would be
the total quantity of land granted, including former
appropriations.
Mr. BREESE replied by giving a statement of
the amount, the substance of which appears else- j
wheie. j
Air. BENTON proposed the following amend- j
ment, to be added to the end of section 2d: I
-■ Provided, further, Thet the whole quantity of land j
granted bv ttuV act, when added to giants heretofore made j
lij tlie United States to the State of Michigan for loads and I
canal?, shall nut exceed the quantity heretofoie gianted to '
tin) State of Indiana for nhjeets of internal improvement." j
Mr. B. continued to say that the next thing he i
wished was a guaranty against the possibility of
these roads and canals being sold. He wished the
State to keep them, and was not willing it should
■ alienate tliem. He was not—while they were par-
' simoniously dealing out forty acres of land to a
farmer, making him pay down the money for it—
I for making a grant of oiie or two millions of acres,
; which might go as an appendage to some road or
i canal sold at auction, without competition, for
what it would bring. To provide against that, he
would propose another amendment. [Tlfe reporter
was unable to get a copy of this amendment; but
its object was to provide against the sjde or aliena-
tion of the roads or canals contemplated.]
Mr. WOODBRIDGE inquired if it was contem-
plated by the amendment that in case ope of the
objects of the bill were accomplished and not the
other, the State would be excluded from all aid;
They were totally distinct undertakings. For one,
he believed a. contract had been made, and a law-
passed; but he could not speak as to the other.
He wished to know whether the proviso applied
to that one which may not be sold, or to both?
Mr. BENTON was understood to say it applied
to both.
Mr. CASS observed that what they were called
upon to do was to reimburse to Michigan a portion
of her expenditure. If States were not able to,meet
their engagements, were they to say they should
not sell their public works after completion ? The
object now was to make the road for a great public
purpose. What the State would ultimately do with
that property was not their concern.
Mr. CLAYTON spoke briefly in favor of delib-
eration and caution before acceding to the request
of Michigan.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ments submitted by Mr. J. M. Clatton, which
were adopted.
The question was next taken upon the first
amendment proposed by Mr. Benton, which was
agreed to.
The question then recurring upon Mr. Benton's
second amendment, some further conversational
debate ensued between Senators HUiNTINGTON
and CASS.
Mr. DAVIS was entirely opposed to any obsta-
cle being interposed to the sale of the works by the
State of Michigan. Experience had proved that
railroads were always much better managed when
in the hands of private individuals, than of political
bodies. He desired that the State of Michigaii
might be allowed full and free discretion in the dis-
posal of the works. He thought that the Senator
from Missouri [Mr. BeStosi] would, oh further
examination, perceive that his amendment was cal-
culated essentially to operate against the attainment
of the objects of the bill.
Mr. SEVIER, suggested that, in order to obvjate
all the objections which had been raised, the whole
bill shoufd be struck out, and a simple grant made
to the State of Michigan, as had been made to
Indiana and other States.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS then proposed that after the word
" sold" in the 1st section, should be inserted "and
conveyed;" and also after " thereof," insert "ex-
cept those lands herein reserved." Agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS then moved a similar verbal amend-
ment in the section relating to the caiial.
Agreed to.
Mr. ARCHER objected to the departure in the
bill from the ordinary practice and rule ia regard
to such appropriations, and that was the granting
of the public land merely for the benefit of-the State
of Michigan. Why make further application to
effect that already done*—and :he therefore desired
that the grants should be confined to the line—if
the lands had been already sold, why make a grant
to facilitate their sale ? He moved to strike out of
the first section as amended from the word " acre"
to the word " reserved."
Mr. HUNTINGTON objected. If the object
was to complete the works, so that the value of the
public lands might be enhanced, would not the
purpose be as well effected in the manner provided
by the bill as by the amendment? The power
was the same, and the effect the same. In either
case the object would be accomplished. They
went upon the principle that the lands were want-
ed in order to complete the road. If the power
existed to make the grant, and if some of the
sections had been sold, why not give sections ad-
jacent 5
Mr. CASS asked if the mover of the amend-
ment meant that every section in the neighborhood
of the road would not be improved in value? All
the portions of the country Were increased in value
by roads. True, as they receded frbm the road,
the increase in value was less, but still the land did
increase in value within a reasonable distance of
the road.
