1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
747
Mr, ARCHER replied. According to the Sen-
ator, though all the lands had been sold, still the
grant would.be contributing to an important -west-
ern improvement. He (Mr. ^.,) contended that
the argument of the Senator would go to show
that, although the lands in the vicinity of the road
had increased- to the value of $30 or $40 an acre,
still the grant was to be made. He insisted that
the bill w?s not tor be sustained on the ground that
the value of the lan4 was to be fattened in that
way after the proper end of such grants had been
already accomplished. He also objected to the
•putting the disposal of the public lands at the dis-
cretion of the Seeretary-of the Treasury—a prin-
ciple which, he perceived was gradually creeping
into such bills.
- Mr. CALHOUN was very anxious to vote for
the bill, but he could do so only on the general
principle that the Government of the United States,
as proprietors of the public lands,"would be indem-
nified for the grants. To that extent he saw his
way clearly. Beyond" it he did not see his way.
So long as the grants were limited by a reasonable
distance from the line of the road or canal, there
was ground to believe that the end of the grant
would be accomplished. But when the grants
went beyond that, the policy was very question-
able. On principle and on the ground of expedi-
ency, therefore, it would be impossible for him to
vote for the grants beyond the line, although he
had a very strong (Jesire to vote for the bill.
Mr. SIMMONS made a few remarks, when
The question on the amendment was taken, and,
after a division, was rejected by a v.ote of 13 to 20.
Mr. BENTON moved, as an amendment, to
strike out from the first section of the bill, after the
words " for the purpose of aiding said State," the
words '< and for the reimbursement of expenses
incurred."
Mr. WOOD BRIDGE opposed the amendment.
He saw nothing offensive to any one, in the provis-
ion of the bill which it was proposed to amend—
nothing involving anything like an assumption of
a-Statedebt. It sought simply to pay what equity
required.
After a few remarks from Mr. SIMMONS, the
question was taken on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were asked for by Mr. BEN-
TON; and being seconded, were taken, with the
following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Aicher, Asl\)ey, Atchison, Ath-
erton, Benton, Breese,' Bright, Cnlliouii, Duvls, Haywood,
Jenness, Juewis, MoDuffiti, Niles, llusk, Scviur, Tuuusy, and
Westcott—19.
NAYS—Messn. Barrow, Berrien, Thomas Clayton, John
M. Clayton, Oorvvin, Crittenden, Bvnns, Huntington, Jurna-
gin, Johnson of Louisiana, Morehead, Simmons, Speight,
Uphatn, and Woodbi idge—15.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. THOMAS CLAYTON moved the follow-
ing amendment, to wit: Insert after the last word
in the first proviso: " or in the cars and carriages
' belonging to, and used by, the proprietors of said
' road, at the option of the United States."
Mr. "WOODBRIDGE had no objection to this
amendment, but cordially assented to it.
The amendment was then agreed to.
Mr. BENTON moved the following additional
amendment, to wit: Add to the last word of the
clause preceding the first proviso, in the first sec-
tion, the words, "and shall not be sold for less than
one dollar and a quarter per acre."
Agreed to.
Mr. B. further submitted the following amend-
ment, to wit: Insert after the words " twenty
years," in the second proviso of the first section,
the words, " and remain the property of the
State." . . . .
Which amendment was rejected without a divis-
5°Mr. SEVIER proposed the following substitute
for the entire bill; which was read:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and m-
c< That there be granted to the State of Michigan a quan-
tity of the public lands for purposes of internal improve-
ments in said State, which stult, together with the amount
said State has already received tor such purposes, be equal
in quantity to that already received by the State of Indiana
for internal improvements; the selection of which quantity
sha 1 be made m the limits of said State, m such manner as
the Legislature of said State shill designate, and located in
ralwls conformably to socnonal divisions and subdivisions,
Sf not less than three hundred and twenty acres m any one
location or any public land except such as is, or may be,
rS«!d ftom sale by any law of Congress, or proclamation
rf thc Present of the United States ; which said locations
may be made at any time_ after the lands of the United
States, in said State, shall have been surveyed according to
existing laws."
The question being taken on the above substitute,
it was rejected—yeas 15, nays 21—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Ben-
ton, Bright, Cass, Haywood, Jenness, Lewis, Niles, Rusk,
Sevier, Ttirney, and Yulee—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Berrien, lireese, Cal-
houn, Thomas Clayton, John M. Clayton, Corwin, Critten-
den, Davis, Huntinsrton, Jarnaffin, Johnson of Louisiana,
McDuffie, Miller, Morehead Simmons, Speight, Uphaiu,
Westcott, and Woodbridge—21.
No further amendments being submitted to the
bill, it was reported to the Senate, when the amend-
ments were concurred in.
The question was then taken by yeas and nays,
on ordering the bill to be engrossed for a third
reading, and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Barrow, Ber-
rien, Breese, Bright, Ca.* , I'nomas Clayton, John M.
Clayton, Corwin, Crittenden, Davis, Evans, Huntington,
Jarnagm, Johnson of Louisiana, MiHei, Morehead, llufek,
Sevier, Simmons, Speight, Upliam, Westcott, and Wood-
bridge—20.
NAVS—Me^rs. Archer, Atherton, Benton, Calhoun.
Haywood. Jenness, Lewis, MclJuflie, Nties, Turney, aim
Yulee—11.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed and rend
a third time.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE moved thai the bill should
be immediately put upon its third reading; but
objection being made, the motion was not enter-
tained.
Mr. SPEIGHT gave notice that, on to-mor-
row, he would ask the Senate to take up a little
bill of a similar nature. [A laugh.] And he hoped
every Senator who w as opposed to it would be
present.
MINERAL LANDS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury in relation to the condition of the mine-
ral lands in the Lake Superior region; which was
read.
On motion, the Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OK REPRESENTATIVES.
WnDNr.snAT, .'Ipril 'J9, 18-16.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
Mr. W. HUNT, 011 leave given, offered the fol-
lowing resolution; which was adopted:
Rtaoked, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads bo instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post-road from Look-
port, New York, to Somerset, New York.
Mr. DOCKERY, on leave given, offered the fol-
lowing resolution; which was adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a nmil-route from Al-
bemarle, Stanloy county, North Carolina, by the
way of Daniel Heap's and Morgan's Mills, on
ltoclcy river, to Clear Creek post office, in Meck-
lenburg county, North Carolina, and back by
Thomas Roland's.
Mr.. YOST, from the Committee 011 Engraving,
reported the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to, viz.
Itcsolvcd, That the map or chart accompanying
document No. 80, relative to the ship channel,
near Ship Island, Mississippi Sound, as transmit-
ted to this House, be publmed with the said doc-
ument, winch has been ordered to be printed by
the said House.
Mr. Y. also, from the same committee, reported
the following resolution; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to, viz:
Resolved, That the chart of Green Bay, accom-
panying document No. 170, as transmitted to this
House, be published with the said document,
which has been ordered to be printed by the House.
The SPEAKER announced the unfinished busi-
ness to be the Smithsonian Institution bill.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH asked leave to intro-
duce a bill, of which notice had been given.
Objection was made.
Mr. GORDON made an ineffectual motion to
suspend the rules, for the purpose of calling the
committees for reports,
THE SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION. -
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Burt, of South Carolina, in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the bill
to provide for the establishment of a Smithsonian B
Institution for the increase and diffusion of know-
ledge among men. .
The amendment given notice of by Mr. A. Jobn-
son last evening, was read, at the request of several
members.
Some conversation ensued between Mr. OWEN
and others.
Mr. HAMLIN briefly addressed the committee.
He regarded this fund as one which bad been re-
ceived by the Government to carry out the inten-
tions of Mr. Smithson, to which, by their accept-
ance, they had solemnly bound themselves.
He alluded to the difficulty—nay, the impossi-
bility—of any select committee agreeing upon a
plan which in all its details should be in accord-
ance with the views of all. Notwithstanding this,
he trusted we should not let this opportunity go by
to make a commencement in this matter. He had
not the slightest doubt of the full and unqualified
power of this Government to take charge of this
money and give it the duection required by the
will of Mr. Smithson.
While there were features in the bill with which
he was not entirely pleased, he should vote for the
bill in case it was not amended. But there were
some amendments to the bill of the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Owf.n] to which he would fain hope
that gentleman himself would lend a favorable ear.
One related to the appropriation of a part of it to
the science of agriculture. He referred to the gen-
eral and deplorable want of information of the
components of the soil, tile proper mode of treat-
ing it, the proper adaptation of crops to different
soiN, &c., and said he wished to see connected
with this institution a department of agricultural
chemistry, and a professor of agriculture proper.
Mr. OWEN (Mr, H, yielding) explained that
there was an express provision of the bill to ap-
point professors of agriculture, and there was also
another by which such professors of more useful
arts and sciences were to be appointed, which
would undoubtedly include a professor of chemis-
try, part of whose duties it would be to lecture 011
the application of chemistry to agriculture.
Mr. HAMLIN was aware of this; but it should
be more specifically provided for.
He noticed one or two features of the bill, and
suggested one or two modifications he would like
to see made; but, if it could not be amended, he
urged its passage without further delay as a mat-
ter of good faith, common honesty, and one prom-
ising important benefits to the people and the na-
tion. He considered the money m the treastfry,
and the United States responsible for the invest-
ment of the fund according to the intentions of the
testator.
Mr. WOOD desired to say a very few words
upon the bill. Much had been said about national
honor during this session on this lloor; but if there
ever was a point in which the national honor was
concerned, it was in canying out the intentions of
the testator in his bequest. For my own part, I
consider it an honor to my country that the subject
of a monarchical Government should have selected
this as the instrument of his expansive benevo-
lence. The bill, however, before us was, in his
opinion, defective in some of its provisions. I
refer particularly to that section which contem-
plates a normal school. When this subject wa3
first mooted, this part of the bill struck him favor-
ably; but, upon more mature reflection, he had
come to the conclusion that this clause was objec-
tionable. Normal instruction could only be done,
and well done, in the respective States, among sev-
eral of which it had already been commenced; and
besides, sir, I should deprecate that kind of educa-
tion that should flow down from this place among
the people. He responded with all his heart to
the remarks made by the honorable gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin,] in relation to agrieui-
tuial instruction. He would do all he could to
increase and diffuse useful knowledge among the
masses, but this could not, and would not be at-
tained by such education as would be obtained
here, or by collecting at this point a splendid libra-
ry. The latter might, and unquestionably would,
benefit those already learned, but not the people.
With the view of attaining that object, he should
offer an amendment, which he would ask the Clerk
to read. [The Clerk here read the amendment,
which will be found, as offered, at a subsequent
