750
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2$,
So the amendment of the committee was adopt-
ed.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed.
Mr. GORDON demanded the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill; which were ordered, and
being taken, resulted—yeas 85, nays 76—as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. John &. Adims, Arnold, Bell, James A*
Black, BimkerhoiT, Milton Brown, Buffington, William W-
Campbell, John H. Campbell, Cairo]!, Cathcart, Cranston,
Ciozier , Cunningham, Garrett Davis, Jefferson Davis, Del-
ano, Dockciy, Douglass, Dunlap, Edwin H. Ewing, Faran,
Foot, Garvin, Giddings, Giles, Goodyear, Grider, Gnnneil.
Hamlm, Hampton, Harper, Hetrick, Milliard, 12. B. Holmes^
Hough, Samuel D. Hubbard, Hudson, Hungerford, Wash-
ington Hunt, Chailes J. lngcrsoll, Daniel P. King, Thomas
B. Kin?, Lawrence, JLeib, Lewis, Levin, Maclay, McCrate,
McGaughey, McIIenry, IVlcIlvame, Marsh, Morse, Moseley,
Owen, Pollock, Rathbun, Relfe, John A. Rockwell, Root,
SawtPlle, Scaminoii, Seaman, Severance, Truman Smith,
Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stanton, Strohm, Strong,
Svkes, Tliornarson, Benjamin Thompson, Thurman,Tilden,
Trumbo, Vance, Vinton, Wentworth, Wick,WUmot, Wood,
Young, and Yost—85.
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Atkinson, Barrtnger,
Bayly, Bouim, Boyd, Brockeubrough, Brodhead, William
G. Biown, Burt, Reuben Chapman, Chase, Chipman,
Clarke, Cobb, Cocke, Collin, Constable, Cuilom, Daniel,
Dargan, Dillingham, Dobbin, Diomgoole, Erdinan,Giaham,
C rover, Harmanson, Hogc, Hopkins, George S. Houston, E.
W. Hubard, James B. Hunt, Hunter, Joseph R. Ingeisoll,
Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones,Pres-
ton King,Leake, La Seie, Ligon, Lumpkin, McCiean, Mc-
Clelland, McClernand, James McDowell, McKay, John P.
Martin, Barkley Martin, Moms, Moulton, Norris, Parrish,
Payne, Pdriill, Phelps, Price, Reid, Ritter, Alexander!).
Sims, Leonard II. Sims, Simpson, Thomas Smith, Robert
Smith, Stephens, St. John, Thibodeaux, Jacob Thompson,
Tybalts, Wheaton, Woodruff, Woodward, Yancey, and
YeU—76.
So the bill was passed in the following form, (be-
ing the substitute of Mr. Hough as amended:)
A BILL to establish the Smithsonian Institution "for the
increase and diffusion or knowledge among men."
Janirs Simthsoii, Enquire, of London, m the Kingdom of
Gieat Biitam, having by Ins last will and testament given the
whole of his property to the United Slates of America, to
fouud, at Wasmngton, under the name of the " Smithsonian
Institution," an establishment lor the increase and diffusion
of knowledge among men ; and the United States having, by
an act of Congress, leceived said property, and accepted said
tru^t: Therefore, for the faithful execution of said trust ac-
cording to the will of the liberal and enlightened donor*
Be it enaete I by the Senate and House■ of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the President and Vice President of the United States, the
S ici ctarv of State, the Secretary of the Treasury, the Secre-
tary of War, the Secietary ofthe Navy, the Postmaster Gen-
eral, the Attorney General, the Chief Justice, and the Com-
missioner of the'Patent Office ol the United States, and the
Mayoi ofthe city of Washington, duiing the tune foi which
thi'V shall hold then respective offices, and such othei per-
sons as they may elect honorary members, be, and they aie
hereby, constituted an " establishment," by the name of the
" Smithsonian Institution," for the increase and duhision of
knowledge among men ; and by that name shall be known
and have P'- lp itual succc->ion, with the powers, limitations,
ami restiictions hereinafter contained, and no othei.
Sec. '2 And be it jwrlhtrt cnudeJ, That so much of the
property of the mikI Jnm.-*<s Smithson has been received
m money, and paid into the trea-ury of the United States,
h'jmg the'sum ot nve hundred and fifteen thousand one
hundied and sixty-nine dollais, be lent to the United States
treasury, at «ix per centum per annum interest, fiom the
litst day of Septenibsr, in the year one thou-and eight bun-
dled arid thirtj'-eight, when the same was leceived into tne
i aid treasury; and that *-o much of the interest as may have
accrued on said sum on the first day of July next, which
will amount to the sum of two bundled and forty-two thou-
sand one hundred and twenty-nine dollais, or ?o much
theieof as shall, by the board of regents ofthe institution es-
ttbiir>hed bv this act. be d >eined necessary, be, and the >ame
is hereby, appropnated for the erection of suitable buildings,
and for other ounent incidental expenses of said mst:tu-
tion; and that six per. centum interest on the said tinsti'und,
it being the said amount of five hundred and fifteen thou-
sand one hundred and sixty-nine dollars, leceived into the
United States treasury on the firct of September, one thou-
sand eight hundred and thirty-eight, payable, in half-yeaily
payment^, on the m.-t of January and July in each yeai, be,
and the same is hereby, appropnated for the perpetual main- !
t nance and support of .-.aid institution: and all expendt- |
tures and appropriations to be made, from tune to time, to ■
t.ie purposes of the institution aforesaid, shall be exclusive- !
ly fiom the aceruu.g interest, and not trom the principal of !
said fund. And be it furthei cnacicd, That ail moneys and :
stocks which have been, or may heieafter be, received into !
the tieasuiy ofthe United State*, on account of the furd be- |
queathed bv Jame> Smithson, he, and the same heieby are, '
pledged to refund to the trea&urv of fiie United States the !
sums hereby appiopriated. ;
Sec. 3. And be it further matted, That the business of
the said institution shall he conducted at the city of VViu-h- ■
jngton, by a board of icgjnts, by the name of the regents of ,
the -* Smithsonian Institution,'" to he composed of the Vice ,
Pre-idontof the United States, the Chief Justice of the Uni-
ted States, and the Mayor of the city of Washington, dunng 1
the tune for which they shall hold 'their respective oSiccs"; ;
•three members of the Senate, arid tlnee memlcis of the '
House of Representatives, together with sir other poison*, :
other than incumbers of Congress, two of whom shall be
members of the National Institute in the .city of Washing-
ton, and residents in the said city; and the other four thereof ;
shall be inhabitants of States, and no two .of them of the \
same State. And the regents to be selected as afoiesaid |
shall be appointed immediately after the passage of this
act—the members of the Senate by the President thereof,
the members of the House by the .Speaker thereof, and the
six other persons by joint resolution of the Senate and
House of Representatives; and the members of the House
so appointed shall serve until the fourth Wednesday in De-
cember, the second next after the passage of this act; and
then, and biennially thereafter, on every alternate fourth
Wednesday of December, alike number shall be appointed
in the same manner, to serve until the fourth Wednesday in
December, the second succeeding their appointment. And
the Senators so appointed shall serve during the term-for
which they shall hold, without re-election, their office as Sen-
ators. And vacancies occasioned by death, resignation, or
otherwise, shall be filled as vacancies in committees are filled;
and the other six members aforesaid shall serve two for two
years, two for four years, and two for six years; - die terms of
service in the first place, to be determined by lot; but after the
first term, then their regular term of service shall be six years;
and new elections thereof shall be made by joint resolution
of Congress ; and vacancies occasioned by death, resigna-
tion or otherwise, may be filled in like manner by joint reso-
lution of Congress. And the said regents shall meet jn'the
city of Washington, on the first Monday of September next
after the passage of this act, and oiganize by the election of
one of their number as chancellor-, who shall be the presi-
ding officer of siud board of regents, by the name of the
Chancellor of the " Smithsonian Institution,and a suitable
person as Secretary of said institution, who shall also be the
secretary of said board of regents; said board shall also elect
tlnee of their own body as an executive committee, and
said regents shall then fix on the time for the regular meet-
ings of said board; and on application of any throe of the
regents to the secretary of the said institution, it shall be
his duty to appoint a special meeting of the board of regents,
of which he shall give notice by letter to each of' the mem-
bers ; and at any meeting of said board five shall constitute
a quorum to do business. And each member of said board
shall be paid his necessaiy travelling and other actual ex-
penses in attending meetings of the board, which shall be
audited by the executive committee, and recorded by the
secretary of said board ; but his services as regent shall be
gratuitous. And whenever money is required for the pay-
ment of the debts or performance of the contiacts of the in-
stitution, incurred or entered into m conformity with the
provisions of this act, or for making the purchases and exe-
cuting the objects authorized by this act, the hoard of re-
gents, or the executive committee thereof, may certify to
the chancellor and seeretaiy of the boaid that such sum of
money is required ; wheieupon, they shall examine the
same, and it they shall approve thereof, shall certify the
same to the proper officer ol the tieasuiy tor payment. And
the said board shall submit to Congress, at each session
thereof, a report of the operations, expenditures, and con-
dition of the institution.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That after the Board of
Regents shall have met, and become organised, it shall be
their duty forthwith to proceed to select a suitable site for
such building as may be necessary for the institution;
which ground may be taken ond appropriated otit of that
part of the public ground in the city of Washington Jung
between the Patent Office and Seventh street:"Provided,
The President of the United States, the Secretary of Slate,
the Secretary of the Treasury, the Secretary of War, the
Secretary of the Navy, and the Commissioner of the Patent
Office, bhail consent to the same; but it the parsons last
named shall not consent, then such location may be made
upon any other of the public giounds within the city of
Washington, belonging to the United States, which said
regent* may select, by and with the consent of the persons
heiein named; and the said ground so selected shall beset
out by piopor metes and bounds, and a deseiiption of the
same shall he made and recorded in a hook to be piovided
for that purpose, and signed by the said regents, or so many
of them as may be convened at the time of their said organ-
ization ; and such record, or a copy thereof, certified by the
chancellor and secretary of the Board of Regents, shall be
received in evidence in all comts of the extent-and bounda-
ries of the lands appropriated to the said institution; and
upon the making of such lecord, such site and lands shall
be deemed and taken to be appropriated, by force of this act,
to the said institution.
Sec. 5. JlnJbczt further enacted, That, so soon as the Board
of Ilegejtt> shall have selected the said site, they shall cause
to h* erected ;i suitable building, of plain and durable mate-
uals and stiucture, without unnecessary ornament, and of
iUlncicnt size, and with suitable rooms, or halls, for the re-
ception and airangcmcnt, upon a liberal scale, of objects
ot natural history, including a geological and mineralogical
cabinet; also a chemical laboratory, a library, a gallery of
art, and the ncce&saiv lecture rooms, and the said board
shall have authority, by themselves, or by a committee of
tlnee of their membms, to contiact for the completion of
such building, upon such plan as may be directed by the
Board of Regents, and shall take sufficient secmity for the
building and finishing the same according to the said plan,
and in the tune stipulated in such contiact; and may so lo-
cate said building, if they shall deem it ptoper, as in appeai-
ance to toim a wing to the Patent Office building, and may
s-o connei t the same with the present hall of said Patent
| Office building, containing the national cabinet of cunosi-
: ti^s, as to constitute the said hall, in "whole or in pait, the
1 deposite for the cabinet of s-aid institution, if thev deem it
1 expedient so to do, provided said building shall be located
j upon said Patent Olnce lot. m the manner aforesaid: Pro-
! ntfed, hou-ctci, That the whole expense of the building and
enclosuies aforesaid shall not exceed the amount of ;—
' dollais; which sum is hereby appropnated, payable out of
j money in the treasuu not othciwise appropriated; together
! with such sum or sums out of the annual interest accruing
to the institution as may. in any year, remain unexpended,
after pa-.mg the cunent expenses ofthe institution. And
1 duplicates nf all such contiacts as may be made by the said
, hoard of >egont? shall he deposited with the Treasurer of the
, United States; and all claims on any contract made as afore-
said sluiil be allowed and eeitified by the board of regents,
or the executive committee thereof, as the case may be, and,
j being signed by the chancellor and secretary of the board',
i shall be a sufficient voucher for settlement and payment at
the treasury of the United States! And the board of regents
shall be authorised to employ sucft persons as th.6y.deem'
necessary to superintend the erection of the bmlding and
fitting up the rooms of the institution. And all laws iofc'fhe
protection of pubiic property iti the city of Washington shall
apply to, and be in force for, the protection of the lands,
buildings, and other property oT said institution. -And alb-
moneys recovered by, or accruing to, the institution shall be
paid into the treasury of the United States to fhfe credit of '
the Smithsonian bequest, and separately accounted for, as
providedin the act approved July first, eighteen hundred and
thirty-six, accepting said bequest 4 i -
Sec. 6. +flnd be it further enxzeted, That in proportion as '
suitable arrangements can be made for their reception^ att
objects of art and of foreign and curious research, and all
objects of natural history, {Hants, and geological and miner-
alogical specimens belonging, or hereafter-to belong to the
United States, which may be in the citj^'of Washington, In
whosesoever custody the same may be, shall be delivered to
such persons as may be authorized by the board of regents
to receive them, and shall be arranged in such order, and so
classed, as best to facilitate the examination and study of
them, in the building so as aforesaid to be erected for the
institution; and the regents ot said institution shall after-
wards, as new specimens in natural history, geology, or
mineralogy, may be obtained for the museum of the insti-
tution, by exchanges of duplicate specimens belonging to •
the institution, (which they are|hereby authorized to make,)
or by donation, which they may receive, or otherwise, cause
such new specimens, to be also appropriate^ classed"and
arranged. 'And the minerals, books, manuscripts^ and other
pioperty of James Smifhson, which have been received by
the Government of the United States, and /are-now placed
in the Department of State, shall be removed to said institu-
tion, and s"hall be preserved separate and apart froin the
other property of the institution.
Sec. 7. Jlrid be U further enacted, That the secretary of
the board of regents shall take charge of the building and
property of said institution, and shall, under their direction,
make a fair and accurate record of all their proceedings, to
be preserved in sdid institution; and the said secretary
shall also discharge the duties of librarian "and of keeper of
the museum, ana may, with the" consent ofthe board of
regents, employ assistants; and the said officers shall re-
ceive for their services such' sum as may be allowed by the
board of regents, to be paid semi-annually on the first day
of January and- July, and the said officers shall be remov-
able by the board of regents, whenever, in their judgments-,
tne interests of the institution require any of thesaid.offtcers
to be changed.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the member? and
honorary members of said institution may hold such stated
and special meetings, for the supervision of the affairs of
said institution and the advice and instruction of sard board
of regents, to be called in the manner provided for in the by-
laws of said institution, at which the President, and in his
absence, the Vice President of the United States, shall pre-
side. And the sard regents shall make,from the interest of
said fund, an appropriation, not exceeding an average of
twenty-five thousand' dollars annually, for the gradual for-
mation of a library, composed of valuable works pertaining
to all departments of human knowledge.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That of any other mon-
eys which have accrued, or shall hereafter accrue, as inter-
est upon the said Smithsonian fufld, not herein appropriated,
or not required for the purposes herein provided, the saia
managers are hereby authorized to make such disposal as
they shall deem best suited for the promotion ofthe purpose
of the testator, anything herein contained to the contrary
notwithstanding.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the author or
propnetor of any book, map, chart, musical composition,
print, cut, or engraving, for which a copyright shall be se-
cured under the existing acts of Congress, or those which
shall hereafter be enacted respecting copyrights, shall, within
three months from the publication of said book, map, chart,
musical composition, print, cut, or engraving, deliver, or
cause to be delivered, one copy of the same to the librarian
of the Smithsonian Institution, and one copy to the libra-
rian of Congress Library, for the use of the said libraries.
Sec. li. Jhul be it further enacted, That there is reserved
to Congress the nght of altering, amending-, adding to. or re-
pealing any of the provisions of this act: Provide#, That no-
contract, or individual right, made or acquired under'such
provisions, shall be thereby divested or impaired.
Mr. OWEN moved to reconsider the vote on the
passage, and moved the "previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered, and, being taken, was
decided in the negative.
So the House refused to reconsider the vote, and
the bill is finally passed.
VENTILATION OF TH"E HALL, ETC.
On motion of Mr. HOPKINS, who stated that
he had been informed by the officers of the House
that the time (Friday and Saturday) for which the
House had agreed to adjourn would be entirely in-
sufficient to allow of the usual cleaning of the Sail,
putting down spring matting, &c., it was agreed
that the House meet at 9 o'clock to-morrow morn-
| ing, [with a view of then adjourning over.]
| SPANISH TONNAGE DUTIES.
| Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL said there was a bill
! relating to this subject which was put downasthe
; special order for to-day—a bill which would take
i but a very little time. That it might not lose its
;1 precedence, he moved the postponement of tkespe-
[i cial order to Tuesday next. Agreed to.
:! A message from the Senate was received by Mr.
Dickens, the Secretary, stating that the Senate had
