1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
751
passed a bill entitled "An act for the relief of
Nathaniel Goddard, and others," in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
The President of the United States has notified
the benate that he did, on Monday last, approve
and sign a bill entitled "An act for the relief of
• Williamson, of Pope county, in the State
of Arkansas-."
And, on motion, the House adjourned to to-mor-
row, at nine o'clock.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were pre-
sented, under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
r ,Mr; ^ie Potion of Sarah Waddle, widow
ot Kobert Waddle, deceased, praying compensation for ser-
vices rendered by said deceased upoii the western frontier,
during the difficulties with the rndians after the revolution-
ary war : referred to the Committee of Claim?.
By Mr. WENTWOETH: The petition of citizens of
spring Creek', Iroquois county, Illinois, for a mail-route from
Urtena, Champagne county, to Middleport, Iroquois coun-
ty, Illinois. Also, the petition of several postmasters in
kake county, Illinois, for a mail-route fiom Chicago, via
Sand-ndge, Sooratcs, Ranas, and Lake Zurich: referred to
the Committee on the Post Office anil Post Road?
By Mr. MORSE: The petition of John A. Cotton. Aaron
.Livingston, and 80 others, piaying for a grant ot'land for the
seat of justice i n the parish of Bastrop! referred to the Com-
mitte on Public Lands.
Petiti0  of William J. Huildleston, Jolm Gill,
Mitchell NenJj and 14G others, praying for the removal of
the obstructions in the Sabine river: referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
By Mr. R. SMITH: The memorial ofE. J. Opburno. Esq.
and 84 others, citizens of Randolph county, Illinois, a^ert-
i%our tltle t0 the whole ot"15,(1 country called Oregon up to
54 degrees 40 minutes noith latitude; and prnving C'oneress
to make such disposition of the moneys of the fruited States,
and the forces, naval and militaiy, as will protect our citi-
zens, and ensure the peace and dignity of the nation; refer-
red to tiie Committee on Military AiTairs.
By Mr. PHELPS : The petition of Samuel Lewis, of
Jackson county, Missouri, prayinif indemnity for losses sus-
tained by reason of deiay occasioned by Government officers
in the execution of a connect.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, Jl-pril 30, 1846.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, announcing that said House had pass-
ed a bill to establish the Smithsonian Institute.
THE NOTICE.
Also, that the President of the United States hail
notified the Speaker of the House of Representa-
tives that he had approved the joint resolution con-
cerning the Oregon Territory.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
The act to establish the Smithsonian Institution
for the diffusion of knowledge among men was ta-
ken up, and read a first and sccond time; when
Mr. LEWIS moved that it. be referred to a select
committee of three, to be appointed by the Chair;
which motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Senators
Dix, Corwin,and Lewis, as said special commit-
tee.
GENERAL ORDERS OF THE DAY.
The Senate considered the adverse report of the
Committee on Pensions on the petition of Eliza-
beth Byars; which report was concurred in.
Also, the adverse report of the Committee on
Pensions upon the petition of Zebulon Mead;
which was concurred in.
REVENUE LAWS.
The consideration of the following' resolution,
heretofore submitted by Mr, Shvier, was resumed:
"Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
' be requested to transmit to the 'Senate the stipple-
' ment to the Synopsis of Treasury Instructions for
< the administration of the revenue laws from 1789
' to the present time, purporting to illustrate the
1 organization and the operations of the Treasury
' Department, and its various bureaus, and that he
' accompany the same with his views in relation to
' the work."
The resolution, the object of which was to pay
to Dr. Mayo such compensation as might be
deemed just for the compilation of the supplement-
ary synopsis, was discussed for nearly two hours.
It was defended by Mr. SEVIER, Mr. ALLEN,
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON, and Mr. ARCHER, as
relating to a work which was very valuable as a
source of reference. It was opposed by Mr. BEN-
TON, Mr. EVANS, and Mr. WESTCOTT, who
considered the compilation as entirely worthless,
m any other sense than as a book for the use of
the clerks, the publication of which was not au-
thorized by law, having been prepared merely by
the-instructions of Mr. Forward and Mr. Bibb,
and completed under Mr. Walker.
Mr. ATCHISON then moved, for the purpose
of testing the sense of the Senate as to the final
disposition of the matter, to lay the resolution on
the table; which was agreed to—ayes 20, noes 15.
[A message 111 writing was received from the
President of the United States.]
GRANT OF LANI) TO THE STATE OF MIS-
SISSIPPI.
Mr. SPEIGHT moved that the Senate should
take up for consideration the " Bill to aid the State
of Mississippi in the construction of a railroad
from Jackson, through Brandon, to the western
boundary of Alabama;" which motion was agreed
to.
The bill, which was read, is as follows;
A BILL to aid tile Slate of Mississippi in the construction
of a railroad fiom Jackson, llnough Brandon, to the west-
ern boundary of Alabama.
, lie it enacted by the Senate ami Home of Rejiresenta-
tives of the United States of Jtmerica in Congress assemhtcd,
That whenever the route for the railroad from Jackson,
through Brandon, to the we-teni boundary of Alabama, 111
the dueetion of Montgoinerj , in said rotate, shall be survey-
ed and established, Ihere --hall lie, ami k hereby, granted lo
the Suite of Mississippi, alternate sections of Hie public land
ori each hide of said road, tliioufrliout the saul route, from
Jackson, through llianilou, to tie- Mud western boundary of
the. State of Alabama; said grant not to extend beyond live
miles 011 each side of said road" the sections which are odd
lri number lieinjj hereby planted to the "aid State of Missis-
sippi, anil those wlneb are even 111 number hem;? hereby
reserved to the. United States- Pmruleit, iiereit!icte-.s, That
said grant is hereby niiide on the condition that the proceeds
of die sides of said land-, thus j.nuiled to the said State of
Mississippi, .shall lie tliitlit\illy applied by said Ktate to the
construction of said railroad, ami to no raher puipo*e what-
ever : s/ri./ yrotitlcO, That the seb   noils ol'lands to be made
by said State, mulct tins net, shall not extern! to anv laud to
winch the riftlit ol preemption may attach ; and that they
shall be uuide by an agent or agents, to be appointed by the
(lovernoi of sunt State, under the dueetion ot the Seeielarv
of the Tieasiuy; and [bat the said noik shall be commenced
witlun two veins, and finished within five years, fioiri tin-
pu,-saf,'e of tlu„ act.
Hl-,t'. '2. .'hul he it further em/cle,I, That the met! of u :iy
over the lands of the Hinted Stales is hereby granted to tin'
said Stare, lor the t onstriieiion ol said load:' I'rovn'eil, how-
ever, That the said ri<di( of way shall not be construed to
extend to a stiip of land more tlian one handled feet wide,
oti each side ot said toad, trom the commencement to the
termination of Miitl road.
Mr. SPEIGHT said it was not his purpose to
enter into a general discussion upon this bill. The
subjcct had been fully discussed yesterday, upon
| a similar bill in relation to the State of Michigan.
K would he unnecessary to touch again upon the
e.onstitutionalquestion.ns to the right oftheGeneral
Government to bestow portions of the public lands
upon the States for the purpose of aiding objects
ot improvement which wore calculated to benefit
the whole United States. In the present case there
were but two or three links remaining to be com-
pleted in order to form a continuous line of rail-
road from Boston to the Mississippi river. It
would be needless for hint to enter into a detail of
the advantages v/hieh would result to the whole
Union from such a hue of communication; they
were fully set forth in a teport which had been
submitted along with the bill. He would refrain,
1 here fore, from troubling the Senate with any ob-
servations, unless objections should be urged
against the passage of the bill; in that case it would
be incumbent on him to reply to those objections.
He then moved two verbal amendments to the
bill, which were agreed lo.
Mr. BACrBY said he ditl not suppose that any-
tiling he could say would change the vote of a sin-
gle Senator; for, from what had taken place yes-
terday, during his absence from the Senate on
account of indisposition, he concluded that their
minds were made up as to the propriety of grant-
ing public lands for purposes of internal improve-
ment. He was not opposed to this bill, because
it proposed to confer advantages 011 the State of
Mississippi; if it applied to his own State, his ob-
jections would be the some; those objections lay
deeper than any considerations of immediate ad-
vantage or disadvantage to any particular State.
He objected to it because Us effect would be to
withhold from the treasury a portion of the pub-
lic funds, and to apply them to purposes of internal
improvement. And he insisted that there was no
difference whether those works of internal im-
provement were commenced by the State or by the
General Government. Nor was there any differ-
ence in principle between withholding the amount
of the proceeds of the sales of these lands from the
treasury, and taking an equal amount of money
out of the treasury. Where was the difference
between withholding from the treasury lands to
the value of §190,000 and taking that amount out
of the treasury ? He challenged any Senator to
show that there was any. The whole thing was
wrong. It was establishing a principle that would
lead to mischievous results. The Government
was to be dragged into works of this kind on -the
ground that they were too large and expensive for
individual or State enterprise. And the constitu-
tional objection was to be answered by saying that
the General Government did not ah initio under-
take the works, or grant charters therefor. He
could see 110 real difference between undertaking
the works at the beginning, and assuming them in
the course of construction. For these reasons he
was opposed to the bill; but as he saw there was
an evident determination to go forward, he would
content himself with merely calling for the yeas
and nays'.
Mr. SPEIGHT said he was rejoiced to find that
the Senator from Alabama was able to resume his
scat, from which he had been detained yesterday
by indisposition. He regretted the absence of the
Senator yesterday, as it would have been much
more satisfactory had he participated in the debate
on the constitutional question. He would do the
Senator the justice to say that he believed him to
be sincere in his objections. He hud not expected
the support of the Senator; but he had hoped that,
after the discussion which had taken place upon
the Michigan bill, he would not have renewed the
question of constitutionality.
The Senator said there M as no difference between
granting lands and taking money out of the treas-
ury. lie thought there was a manifest difference,
particularly in the case now before the Senate.
What was the condition of the land proposed to be
granted? It was not situated in the new part of
the State; it was not a portion of the land recently
yielded up by the Indians; but it was the refuse of
Ihc public land, land which had been subject to
pill-chase and entry by settlers for forty years, and
had been left unoccupied, because it was of the,
poorest description. No person would bid for it
at the minimum price of one dollar and a quarter
an acre. He would put it to the Senator to say if
he did not see a manifest difference between grant-
ing a portion of this land,' whereby the value of
the remainder might be enhanced, and letting it-lie
wholly unoccupied and altogether useless for per-
haps another forty years. If there was any unre-
stricted power 111 the Constitution, it was that in
relation to the public domain. The General Gov-
ernment had unlimited power over it, to dispose of
it in any way they pleased; to sell it, or to give it
away, when the question was debated some days
ago upon the Michigan bill, the Senator had
brought up the authority of Mr. Jefferson in sup-
port of his position; but the Senator would recol-
lect that laws were passed during the Administra-
tion of Mr. Jefferson making grants of lands to in-
dividuals for various purposes. There had not
been an Administration since the formation of the
Government under which laws had not been pass-
ed making donations of land to individuals and
States. Under what power were grants made for
the purposes of education and for religious pur-
poses? These were not objected lo as unconstitu-
tional.
He concluded by saying that he had not expect-
ed the support of the honorable Senator, but he
had hoped that, as the bill was to benefit a sister
State, as well as in some degree his own State, he
would relax somewhat of his opposition, and con-
tent himself with voting against the bill.
Mr. BAGBY said the fact that it was his own
State, or any other State, that was to be benefited
by a particular law, could never change a principle.
He would have gone as far in support of the Michil
gan bill as he would of a bill in favor of Ala-
bama, were he not restrained by the principle wh ich
lie had avowed, and he was happy to say that
Alabama was not there, and never would be through
his agency, seeking a grant of the public lands for
any such purposes. The Senator from Mississip-
pi seemed to think there was a marked difference
between this case and a proposition to grant lands
which were more valuable. He said these were
refuse lands, which had been in the market for
