THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress. 1st Session.
THURSDAY, MAY 7, 184G-
,New Series....No. 48.
Michigan; how many have been presented for
confirmation, and what proceedings have been had
u.P,Pn. and also, whether any further legisla-
tion is pecessary, and if any, what, to the adjudi-
cation and confirmation of the just claims to land
there.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolution:
which was agreed to:
_ Resolved, ^ That the Committee on Commerce be
directed to inquire into the expediency of increas-
ing the number of inspectors of the customs in
the district of Pall River, Massachusetts.
Mr. LEWIS, from the Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred the House bill making ap-
propriations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian Department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with the various Indian tribes
for the year ending June 30,1847, reported it with
amendments.
Mr. L. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of the heirs of the lute Uri Em-
mons; which was read a first and second time, mid
the accompanying report was ordered to be pi inted.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred the House bill
entitled "An act to amend an art approved February
24th, 1843, entitled An act to amend on act entitled
An act for the relief of George Mayfield, approved
July 27th, 1849," reported it without amendment.
Mr. Y. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of the assignees and legal repre-
sentatives of Jacques Martin; which was rend and
passed to the second leading; the report accompa-
nying the bill was ordered to bo printed.
Mr. Y. further, from the same committer, to
whom was referred the petition of Villciicuve T,c
Blanc, submitted a report in the ease, and asked to
be discharged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, reported a bill for the relief of Alexis Ar ot;
which was read and passed to the second reading;
the accompanying report was entered to be printed.
Mr. YULhE, l'rom the Committer on Private
Land Claims, reported without amendment the lull
confirming- the claim of the heirs and legal repre-
sentatives of Pierre Dufresne, to a tract of land.
Mr. ASHLEY gave noliee that he xhoulil, at an
early day, ask leave to present a bill to grant to the
Slate of Arkansas a quantity of land equal to what
has heretofore been granted to the Suite of Indiana,
to complete the roau from Memphis, in Tennessee,
to Little Rock, to remove obstructions in White,
lilack, anil Washita rivers, and other objects of in-
ternal improvement.
The bill to aid the State of Mississippi in the
construction of a railroad from Jackson, through
Brandon, to the western boundary of Alabama,
was taken up, on motion of
Mr. SPEIGI-IT, read a third time, ami passed.
Mr. HENRY JOHNSON moved that the prior
orders of the day be postponed, and that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the " Hill pro-
viding for the adjustment of ail suspended pre-emp-
tion claims in the several States and Territories."
Mr. J", offered a few remarks enforcing the im-
portance of taking tip the bill without further de-
lay-
Mr. YULEE thought that the public interests
would be materially promoted by speedy action on
the bill.
Mr. PHELPS reminded the Senator from Lou-
isiana, [Mr. Johnson,] that on the last day on
which the Sefiate had sat, a private bill (the bill
for the relief of John 1'. Skmner) had been taken
up immediately before adjournment, and that it.
was allowed to be passed by till this day, on con-
dition that it would now be taken up. lie (Mr. P.)
was under the necessity of leaving the city to-mor-
row, and he therefore hoped that the bill would
be now taken up.
Mr. JOHNSON then withdrew his motion.
" Mr. LEWIS moved that the prior orders be
postponed, and that the Senate should consider the
act making appropriations for the payment of rev-
olutionary and other pensions of the United States
48
for the year ending 30th of June, 1847; which mo-
tion was agreed to.
The bill was considered as in committee of the
whole; and no amendments being offered thereto,
it was reported back to the Senate, and ordered to
be read a third time.
The bill was then read a third time, and passed.
The Senate resumed, as in committee of the
whole, the consideration of the'bil! f..r the relief
of John P. Skinner and the legal representatives of
Isaac Greene.
A debate arose on this bill, occupying about two
hours, between Senator* PHELPS,' HPIIAM,
DAV1R, HUNTINGTON, SIMMONS, and
RER.TUEN, in support of (he hill, and Senators
COLaUITT, SRVIER, MrMJFKlE, PENNY-
BACKER, and HAYWOOD, in opposition there-
to, when it was reported to the Senate without
amendment; and the question hein<? taken on
ordering it to be engrossed for a third reading, it
was derided in th<1 affirnmtivt —yens 'Jv>, nays 15.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, renewed his mo-
tion to take up the bill prov idmg for the adjustment
of all suspended pre-emption clainw in the several
States and Territories; which was airbed to.
Mr. HAYWOOD desired to be informed to
the number of the claims proposed to be adjusted
by the bill,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, called for the
reading of the report; which having been read by
the Secretary,
Mr. SPKki 1 IT submitted a few observations in
favor of the bill, to which he was sure there could
not be the slightest objection.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, explained the
object of the bill, and submitted a few remarks,
showing the necessity of taking some measures
for the settlement of the claims m question, which
object he knew of no better way to accomplish |
than by the proposed bill. )
Air. HAY WOOD repeated hi.-* inquiry as to tin- :
number of the claims proposed lobe settled, and
then went on to oppose the bill,on the ground that
it would inconveniently burden the officers of the
Government designated in it as the constituent
members of the proposed adjudicating tribunal.
Each of these had, he alleged, quite enough—more
than enough, to do in their otficial^eharactcr; and
why superadd to the present range of their duties
such an onerous amount of responsibility and
labor? Let a board be established, composed of
the right sort of men, and he would willingly vote
for it. Hut he would not sit silently by and vote
such a bill, imposing an immense accumulation of
patronage in toe hands of the Executive depart-
ment of the Government, when no sort, of good
object whs to be gained by u which could not be
attained infinitely better in another manner, h
was a great trust, and one for the proper discharge
of which, if traosfemd to a hoard, arrangements
should he made which would avoid the possibility
of suspicion. Such a board ought to be entirely
above the reach of party politico or party influ-
ences. To its hands would be committed a vast
treasure. To its award would be submitted a
multitude of claims all over the United States—
claims of persons residing upon the land and of
those residing elsewhere—all of which would be
decided at the w ill and pleasure of the board con-
stituted for the purpose of passing upon them—
a board responsible to no one, and whose decision
would be final. It was indeed a trust that ought
to be confided only with the utmost caution to
any human tribunal. He repeated that it would
be an unjust burden imposed on the officers named
in the bill, if they did not desire it; and if they did
desire it, it was one that ouiiht not to be imposed
upon them, because if any board were to be estab-
lished it ought to be composed of members selected
with due precaution, and entirely distinct from the
Executive department, so that no suspicion might
attach to them.
Mr. HUNTINGTON expressed his desire that
a little time would he granted in order to afford
Senators an opportunity of submitting the bill to a
careful and deliberate examination. He was glad,
however, that his friend from North Carolina [Mr.
Haywood] had directed the attention of the Senate
to the bill by his succinct and pertinent remarks.
The truth was that the bill contemplated an entire
departure from precedent. By it a court of equity
would be created, which would be called on to de-
cide on every entry still unadjusted, and that decis-
ion would be final. A fifty-dollar claim could not
now be got through this body without its being
passed upon by a committee of Congress, and re-
ported. Attrmpts had been made to create a board
for private claims, hut they had failed. In the
present case it was ctill more manifestly improper
to constitute such a hoard, because Congress had
the exclusive control of the public domain, and no
tribunal should be created independent of Congress
for the adjustment of these claims. And how are
they to he decided? On legal principles ? Not at
all; but upon principles of equity. This was an
important power; and he was not prepared to say
that it ought to be confided to officers of the Execu-
tive department of the Government, without a pro-
vision was inserted in the bill for a supervision of
their proceedings by Congress, But he did not rise
to discuss the question. He was not prepared to
say that some legislation on the subject was not
nucessarv. P>ut he wished to examine the bill more
attentively, in order to ascertain whether it would,
admit of provisions securing effectually the interests
both of the United States and the claimants, and
yet admitting the proper and speedy settlement of
the claims. I le was not prepared to vote for a bill
constituting those oiiieeis of the Government a
court with discretion.try and final power to adjudi-
cate these claims. II«'- hoped, therefore, that in
view of all these considerations, the bill would be
allowed to lie over, in order to afford to the Senate
additional tune for reflection.
IV1r. YULEE remaiked that the bill should be
restricted as much as possible, with the view of
seeui in«> just ice to the United States as well as to the
claimants. It was oeitainly desirable, and, indeed,
necessary, that some mode should be adopted for
the speedy adjustment of these claims. The com-
mittee who reported the bill were very properly of
that opinion. Different modes of effecting this
adjustment had presented themselves. He would
himself have preferred local boards, in order that
the claimants might have been enabled to prose-
cute their claims with the least possible expense.
But the objection to that—one which would doubt-
less suggest itself to every Senator—was the ne-
cessity of establishing a board in each of the land
districts of the United States, thereby creating an
immense number of officials, and entailing on the
Government a vast expense. The only objec-
tion, in his opinion, which could be urgeu against
the appointment of the Secretary of the Treasury,
the Attorney General, and the Commissioner of
the Land Office as a board |>f adjudication, was,
that the claimants might regard it as nn ex parte
tribunal, that it was too remote from them, and1
might be supposed to be too favorably inclined to
the. Government side of the case. But the objec-
tion that these officers would be embarrassed by
the additional duties imposed upon them, surely
could not be deemed valid when it was considered
that they themselves had agreed to assume these
duties and the attendant responsibility. It seemed
to him that the only guard necessary—and he sub-
mitted that to the gentleman who had more partic-
ularly the charge of the bill—was a provision
requiring these officers after having made their de-
cision, to report it to Congress before it could be
regarded as final. By that means an adequate
clicck would be imposed on the action of the offi-
cers, securing the Government against the conse-
quences of any improper decision, and at the same
time affording to any aggrieved claimant an oppor-
tunity of appeal. The Senator had objected to
giving an equitable power. That did not appear
to be a valid objection. In no other way could
these cases be settled, for the very reason of there
being any difficulty in the case, was, that they did
not come within the strict letter of the law. It
was on principles of equity that the claims rested;
and it was only by their reference to an equitable
tribunal that a settlement could possibly be effect-
