754
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
ed. Now, ho knew that there were cases of con-
fhelmar pre-emption rights continually occurring,
unci that there were many which had for a long
time been suspended, and \\ ith which the orUccis
were perfectly familiar. lie thought that the
claimants were in general disposed to rest on the
decisions of these officers if Congress would re-
quire their decision to be reported, so that an op-
portunity would be. left for appeal. The honorable
gentleman again ailuded to the number of claims
unsettled, and the length of time during which the
settlement had been suspended, and went on to
obseive that some legislation was necessary ; that
he could not see what other tribunal could so well
be resorted to as that proposed by the bill.
Mr. ASHLEY was decidedly in favor of the
general object of the bill, though he would not ad-
vocate it in the form now presented. He did not
see the propriety of creating this board of commis-
sioners. He should greatly prefer that the Com-
missioner of" the Land Office should determine on
the claims in the first instance, and if any party
fUt aggrieved, an appeal could be made to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. The Commissioner of the
General Land OfHcc had a right to call for the legal
opinion of the Solicitor of the Treasury, and the
Secretary of the Treasury could call on the Attor-
ney General. Such had uniformly been the prac-
tice. He could, therefore, sec no object m consti-
tuting those officers into a board, when to their
Adjudication the cases were submitted at present.
Tie apprehended that the most important thing was
the immediate decision of those eases one way or
another. The evil of allowing these claims to re-
main unadjusted was not confined to Louisiana; it
extended over the whole Southwest. It was, in-
deed, a serious evil, and demanded the prompt
attention of Congress. If the consideration of the
bill was to be deferred for the present, lie would
not make any further remarks upon it; but when
it came up, he would propose an alteration, giving
to the Commissioner of the General Land Office
equitable powers to decide the cases, leaving to the
aggrieved opportuuityof appud to the SecieUry of
the Treasury.
Mr. WK&TCOTT said the bill under discussion
was important to many citizens of Florida. There
were lmndieds of pre-emption cases undecided
from that State. They ought to be settled. The
interests of the pre-emption claimants require it.
The interests of the United States require it. He
agreed with the suggestion of the Senator from
Arkansas, [Mr. Amji.ky,] that it would probably
be more judicious that the primary decision of
these ca^e^ should Ik- left with the Commissioner
of the General Land Office; but he did not ngree
that it was expedient to trouble either the head
of the Treasury or the Attorney General with
them, cither by making them members of (lie
" board,*' or by providing for an appeal to them.
As to these " boards," he was opposed to them.
They divided and weakened responsibility, and
were the very worst tribunals contrived in this
country. They were tardy, expensive, inefficient,
and not reliahh; to any ejfect. One honest, intel-
ligent, practical, industrious business man would
do any work more efficiently and satisfactorily
than any of these ''boards" he had ever seen.
The Commissioner was the most suitable person
to intrust with the settlement of these claims; and
for one reason, that he would give: He was hot-
ter acquainted (the duties of Ins office compelled
him to be so) with the nature and merits of these
cases than any other person. He knew all the
papers, where to find them, and had practical
knowledge of the details of the business. As to the
Secretary of the Treasury, he had quite enough to
do to manage the multifarious affairs of the Treas-
ury Department. Without intending to say any-
thing invidious of the present Attorney General,
(Mr. W. said,) he regarded whoever held that
officc, if he was a good Attorney General, as about
the last man in the Government who should be
designated to decide these cases. It was not great
literary attainments, or scholarship, or legal learn-
ing,or oratorical powers, that was wanted, butplain,
practical good sense, and a practical knowledge of
the operation and effect of the different pre-emp-
tion laws, and particularly the common law of prc-
emptioners, as recognised between thesettlersm the
frontier States, in reference to disputes between
themselves. The present Commissioner he believed
well qualified, ana one of the best officers in the
Government.
Mr. W. saiil lie agreed in the suggestion of his
honorable colleague, [Mr. YbleeJ that if any
supervisory or appellate power was desired, it
would be best to leave the decision of the Commis-
sioner, to be approved by Congress, on report to
be made at each session by him. As to this bill
giving the Government " patronage," as was ob-
jected by the honorable Senator from North Caroli-
na, [Mr. Haywood,] Mr. W. did not so regard it.
The decision of these cases, according to "justice
and equity," was 110 more patronage than the power
of a chancellor or judge to decide cases was pat-
ronage. It would not be exercised improperly,
unless those to whom it was given were abomina-
bly corrupt; and then the President has a complete
remedy.
No pre-emption cases extended to more than one
hundred and sixty acres of land; and they were not,
therefore, separately,of'muchmomenlto the United
Sutes. Mr. W. said he knew the Senator from
North Carolina had entire confidence in the pres-
ent Administration, and he (Mr. W.) had no fears
on the score of patronage from any other. As re-
garded the United States, 110 rules of decision most
faun able to pre-emptioners could work much
harm. The pic-emptionerpaid §1 25 per acrc for
his land, if his pre-emption was allowed. His
only privilege was, he was allowed to buy it at
that price, in preference to anybody else, if he
hud settled on it, and cultivated it before it was
subject to entry, and had continued to cultivate it
till his application. "Settlement and continued
habitation and cultivation," he believed, were the
terms used in wostof the acts. Now, sir, (said Mr.
W.,) in my State, many settlers were driven off land
they occupied under pre-emption rights, by the
Semmoles; and though they have returned since
the diplomatic arrangements of the officers of the
, United States army with the Tndiims have induced
I the latter to keep quiet for the present, yet the
I stiirt terms of the act, it was held, in some cases,
I excluded them. Cases of various character con-
! stantly occurred in all the now States. It was im-
practicable—nay, impossible—to classify these
cases, and to lay down general rules. A law of
this character was, therefore, called for impera-
tively.
Mr. JOHNSON had not the slightest objection
to the amendment suggested by the Senator from
Arkansas, [Mr. Ashley."] The Commissioner of
the Land Oflicc was perfectly familiar with these
cases, anil 111 ten minutes could, at any time, get
all the necessary information relative to any par-
tn ulai claim. In his oiliec all the necessary inform-
ation was to be obtained, and was very easy of
ae.cess. Then the Secretory of the Treasury was,
by law, the head of the Land Office, and controlled
the decisions of the Commissioner. In any case,
the Commissioner, when he has doubts, applied to
the .Secretary of the Treasury; and the latter, as
has been remarked, could at any time obtain the
opinion of the Attorney General. It was therefore
obvious that it would be pretty much the same ar-
rangement, whether the. mode contemplated in the
bill was adopted, or that suggested by the Senator
from Arkansas. As for himself, he was perfectly
indifferent as to which mode was adopted. As to
the objection of the Senator from North Carolina,
[Mr. Haywood,] relative to the amount of labor
to be incurred in the adjudication of these claims,
it was only necessary to remind him that the labor
had been already performed. He repeated that
he hud 110 objection to the amendment. With only
011c additional remark would he at present detain
the Senate. Some of these claims were presented
' by individuals who had sought their adjustment
for eight or ten years. Thoy had paid' for the
lands. They had their homes upon them. They
had expended their means m effecting improve-
ments. In his opinion, the whole of these claims—
with the exception of cases where fraud was man-
ifest—ought to be at oiice adjusted. Tliey had
been suspended merely on account of the absence
of ecilain formalities. The winter before last the
subject was referied to a committee of the Senate,
lie was not a member of that committee, but an
honorable friend near him [Mr. Jarnacin] was,
as he believed. After a full investigation, the
committee declared its opinion that all of these
claims—cxcept where fraud was alleged and sus-
tained—should be settled; and they reported a bill
to that effect, so far as Louisiana was concerned.
The subjcct was, however, referred to the Land
Office, and a report of every claim, with the causes
of suspension, ordered; and also a plan of adjust-
ment. The result of that had been the reporting-
of this board. Every claim in Louisiana had been
reported, the causes of suspension, andithis plan
of adjustment recommended.
Mr. HUNTINGTON was unwilling to inter-
pose any obstacle in the way of a speedy adjust-
ment of these claims. But in order to afford time
for a due consideration of the bill, he would move
its postponement till Thursday next.
Mr. JOHNSON hoped it would be delayed only
till to-morrow.
Mr. HUNTINGTON was about to reply, when
a motion was made to adjourn, and the motion
being agreed to,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, May 4, 1846.
Tire Journal of Thursday was read and ap-
proved.
The SPEAKER said the business first in order
would be the motion pending at the adjournment
on Thursday last, to refer to a select committee of
five the memorial presented by Mr. Tibbatts 112
behalf of the blind.
The motion having been taken and agreed to,
the memorial was ordered to be referred accord-
ingly.
Mr. BRODHEAD inquired of the Speaker what
would be the regular order of business?
The SPEAKER said the call of the States for
petitions,commencing, where the call had last been
suspended, with the State of Connecticut.
Mr. BRODHEAD said it had been a long time
since the committees had been called for reports.
He moved, therefore, that the rules be suspended
for that object.
And two-thirds having voted for the motion,, the
rules were suspended.
, So the SPEAKER proceeded to call for
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. GORDON, from the Committee of Claims,
made a report upon the case of Murtin Thomas,
late a lieutenant of ordnance and superintendent of
thp United .States lead mines in the State's of Mis-
souri, Illinois, and Wisconsin, accompanied by a
bill for his felief; which bill was read twice, and
committed.
Mr. G. also, from the same committee, made a
report upon the ease of Jacob Gideon, accompanied
by a bill for his relief; which bill was read twice,
and committed.
Mr. G. also, from the same committee, made ad-
verse reports upon the cases of J. Calvert Ford, of
John W. Ford, of John Scrivener, of Thomas C.
Miller, of Edward Mornss, of John Mason, of
Edward Fitzgerald, of Marshall A. Mathias, and
of Joseph Davis; which reports were laid upon
the table.
Mr. POLLOCK, from the same committee, re-
ported^ bills of the following titles, viz:
A bill for the relief of David Thomas, of Phila-
delphia;
A bill for the relief of Michael Nourse;
A bill for the relief of Elisha P. Richards; ac-
companied by a report in each case; which bills
were read twice, and committed.
Mr. P. also, from the same committee, made
adverse reports upon the eases of A. Augustus
Coudery, of John S. Tyson, administrator of Jon-
athan W. Sherburne, of the heirs of Bernard
Todd, and of Abraham C.-Crandali; which reports
were laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr. P.,
Ordered, That the Committee of Claims be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the peti-
tion of J ames Little, and that it be laid upon the
table.
Mr. DANIEL, from the same committee, made
an adverse report upon the petition of Orlando S.
Rees and Jacob Stonifert; which reports were laid
upon the table.
Mr. GRINNELL, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported bills of the following titles,
viz:
A bill for the purchase of a site and erection of a
custom-house at Eastport, in the State of Maine;
A bill for the rehef of Samuel Billings, owner of
fishing schooner Susanna; accompanied by a report
in each case;
Which bills were read twice, and committed.
