756
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
panied by a report in writing; which bill wan read
twice and committed.
Mr. RATHDUN, by leave, presented a resolu-
tion of the Legislature of the State of New \ ork,
on the subject of the militia; which was referred
to the Committer on (lie Militia.
Also, a resolution of the same Legislature, upon
the subject of pilotage; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. MARSH, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported a bill making appro-
priations for the improvement of Pennsylvania
avenue and four-and-a-half street; which bill was
read twice and committed.
Mr. HERRICK, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, made a report upon the ease of
Elizabeth Convert, widow of Josmh Convors, ac-
companied by a bill for her relief; which bill was
twice read and committed.
Mr. Ii., from the same committee, made an ad-
verse report upon the case of the heirs of Lewis
Whiting and of Nathan P.eard; which reports
were laid upon the table.
Mr. MORSE, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, rcpoitcd hills of the following titles,
viz:
A bill for the relief of the heirs and legal repre-
sentatives of William Dickson, deceased;
A bill for the relict ot'Charles Chappeil; accom-
panied by a report in each case; which hills were
read twice and committed.
On motion of Mr. ALBERT SMITH,
Ordered, That the Committee on Private Land
Claims be discharged from the consideration of the
petition of William More, of Illinois, and that, it be
laid upon the table.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, made a report upon the petition of George B.
Russell and others, accompanied by a hill for "their
relief; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. F. also, from the same committee, made an
adverse report upon the petition of George Robin-
son, administrator of George M. Lovender, deceas-
ed; which report was laid upon the table.
Mr. CATHGART, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported bills of the following titles,
viz:
A bill to confirm the sale, of certain reservations;
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
Joseph E. Pnnieau and Thomas J. Chapman; ac-
companied by a report in the last-mentioned ('use;
which bills were read twice and committed.
Mr. J. 15. HUNT, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, made a report upon the petition of Julius
Elder and sons, accompanied by a bill for their re-
lief; which bill was read twice and committed.
Mr. H. also, from the same committee, made an
unfavorable report upon the petition of Gustave De
Ncvcn; which report was laid upon the table.
Mr. JOSEPH MORRIS, from the Committee
on Public Lands, repoited bills of the following-
titles, viz:
• A bill in relation to Wyandot lands in the Statu
of Ohio;
A bill for the relief of Thomas Scott, rcgh-tcr of
tlie land office at Cliillicothe, Ohio, for services con-
nected with the duties of his office; accompanied
by a report in each case; which bills were read
twice, and committed.
On motion of Mr. MORRIS, ordered that the
committee on Public Lands be discharged from ,
the consideration of the petition of the Protestant <
University of the United States, and that it be laid ij
upon the table. j
Mr. ATKINSON offered the following resolu- i
tion, which was read, considered, and agreed to, !<
viz: " , j
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be :
instructed to inquire into the expediency of rc-l!
pealing so much of the act entitled « An ac.t relating !;
to certain collection districts, and for other pur- '■
poses, approved June 1.5, 1841," as discontinues!
the port of delivery at South Quay, in Virginia 1
and that they have leave to report by bill or other- |!
■Wise. j;
Mr JOHN QUINCY ADAMS, on leave, of- ij
to viz- ing which was agreed i i
Resolved That the President of the United Suites ^
be requested to inform this House whether any j1
soldier or soldiers in the army of the United States
have been shot for desertion, or in the act of de-
serting; and if so, by whose order, and under what
authority.
Mr. I. E. HOLMES offered the following res-
olution; which was agreed to, viz:
Resolved, That the President be requested to com-
municate to this House the correspondence between
Commander G. J. Pendergrast and the Govern-
ments on the Rio de la Plata and the foreign naval
commanders and the United States Minister at
Buenos Ay res and the Navy Department., whilst
or since said Pcndergrast was in command of the
United States ship Boston on the Rio de la .Plata,
touching said service.
On motion of Mr. BRODHEAD,
Ordered, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be discharged from the consideration of
the petition of .Terusha Smith, and that she have
leave to withdraw her petition.
On motion of Mr. GOODYEAR,
Ordered, That the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions he discharged from the consideration of the,
petition of Peter Ambler, and that it be. laid upon
the table.
On motion ofMr. P. KING,
Ordered, That the petition of David Todd be re-
committed to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. D. P. KING, from the Committee on Ac-
counts, reported the following resolution; which
was agreed to, viz:
Resolved, That the Cleric of this House he au-
thorised to employ n competent person, for a time
not exceeding two months, at $3 per day, to ar-
range and restore to the files the mass of valuable
original papers which wer" withdrawn when the
American State papers were compiled by order of
Congress.
Mr. R. SMITH, from the Committee on Roads
and Cana's, made, the following report: The Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals, to whom was refer-
red a bill making an appropriation for the improve-
ment of the Des Moines and Rock River Rapids,
in the Mississippi river; also a large number of
memorials numerously signed by the citizens of
Illinois and the Territories of Iowa and "Wisconsin, :
praying an appropriation for .the same object, have
instructed me to report the bill back to the House,
and move its reference to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union; and that the bill
be printed.
Mr. COlll', from the Committee on Accounts, '
reported the following resolution, viz: |
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House be au-
thorized to pay John P. Raub and C. Cole, labor-
ers in the employment of the House, the sum of
fifty cents per day each, in addition to their pres-
ent pay of Jl 50 per day, in consideration of the
additional labor performed by them, and that the
same be paid from the commencement of the pres-
ent session; and that the door-keeper be allowed
to employ one additional fireman from the com-
mencement of the session at the rate of §2 per day,
(said additional fireman having been allowed by
the Committee of Accounts of the last session.)
Which was agreed to.
Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, made adverse reports upon the
petitions of Peter Ilanibo, of Eli jah Rose, of John
Rudolph, of the President and Directors of the
Tredegar Iron Company of Virginia, and of citi-
zens of New Bedford, in the State, of Massachu-
setts, praying that a fine imposed upon Captain
Jonathan Walker may be refunded; which reports
were laid upon the table.
Mr. BRODTIEA D, from the Committee 011 the
Library, to which was referred the memorial of
sundry artists relative to the purchase of the por-
traits of the first five Presidents of the United
States, reported a joint resolution relative to the
portraits of the first five Presidents; which resolu-
tion was read twice, and committed.
On motion of Mr. McCLEAN,
Resolved, That the petition and accompanying
documents of Margaret and Agnes Bigharn, heirs
at law of Thomas Anman, be taken from the table,
and referred back to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
Mr. BURT, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, made adverse reports upon the petitions of
Captain David S. Rogers, and of the Police Jury
of Avoyelles Parish, Louisiana, for the survey and
examination of a rout© for a road from the' Red
River to the Sabine; which reports were laid upon
the-table.
In pursuance of previous notice, Mr. ROBERT
SMITH aslced, obtained leave, and introduced a
bill to provide for the publication of the laws of the
United States in the several States and Territo-
ries, and for other purposes; which bill was read
twice, and committed.
On motion of Mr. STARKWEATHER,
Ordered, That the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions be discharged from the consideration of the
petitions of Sherman Pierce, Josephine Nourse,
and Fanny Fowler, and that they be laid upon the
table.
Mr. RROCKENBROUGH offered the follow-
ing resolution, which was read, considered, and
agreed to, as follows, viz:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be. instructed to inquire and report the amount, and
location, and probable value of lands reserved for
naval purposes on account of its supposed valuable
timber; and whether any, and what amount of
timber has been procured from said lands for the
use of the navy, and at what cost; and the compar-
ative economy of naval timber procured by the
Government from its own lands, and from private
contractors; and to report generally whether it
would not be expedient to, throw open all lands so
reserved to' sale, entry, and preemption, as other
lands; and specially as to such reservations in
Florida.
Mr. HOUGH, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, made an adverse report upon
the case of Dunning R. McNair; which report was
laid upon the table.
Mr. St. JOHN, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, made an adverse report upon the
petition of the heirs of Moses Cooke; which report
was laid upon the table.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON, from the Committee
on Indian Affairs, reported the following resolution;
which was agreed to:.
Resolved, That a copy of the report of- the agent
of the Cherokees, aiid copi6s.of letters of Generals
Gaines and Arbuckle in relation to Cherokee diffi-
culties, lately communicated .to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, be printed.
Mr. BROCKENBROUGH gave notice of a mo-
tion for leave to introduce a joint resolution con-
cerning the survey of certain lands in West Florida.
On motion of Mr. RAMSEY,
Ordered, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be discharged from the consideration of the petition
of the officers and troops of the United States at
Fort Columbus, New York harbor, for the erection
of a building at Fort Columbus, and that they bo
laid upon the table.
Mr. STANTON, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the construction of float-
ing dry-docks at Philadelphia and Pensacola, ac-
companied by a report in writing; which bill was
read twice and committed,
Mr. MACLAY, from the Committee oh Naval
Affairs, to which was referred the petition of the
legal representatives of James II. Clarke, reported
a bill for their relief; which bill was read twice and
committed.
Mr. MACLAY, from the same committee, re-
ported bilis of the following titles, viz:
A bill for the relief of the officers and crew of the
United States steam frigate Missouri;
A bill for the relief of the forward officers of the
late exploring expedition;
A bill authorizing the Secretary of the Navy to
test the utility of Dr. Earle's process for the pres-
ervation of canvass and cordage, accompanied by
a report in each case; which bills were read twice,
and committed.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Susan Brum,
accompanied by a report in writing; which bill was
read twice, and committed.
On motion of Mr. BRODHEAD,
Ordered, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be discharged from the consideration of
the petitions of William Fowles, William Gavet,
and legal representatives of Edward Dyer, and that
they bo laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr. BRODHEAD,
