1846,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
757
Resolved, That the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union be discharged from the far-
ther consideration of Senate' bill for the relief of
George Wending; antl the ?aid bill was leflon the
Speaker's table.
Mr. SEAM4N, from the Committee on RevO'
lutionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
Anna Griffin; which bill was read twicc, and com-
mitted.
Oh motion of Mr. SEAMAN,
Ordered, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be discharged from the consideration of
the petition of Mary Feathers, and that it be laid
upon the table.
DEFICIENCIES OF APPROPRIATIONS.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House then re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and proceeded to the consider-
ation of the bill to supply deficiencies in certain ap-
propriations for the current year, which had been
returned from the Senate with sundry amendments.
Mr. McKAY briefly explained the several
amendments to the bill.
The first (he said) was for increasing the appro-
priation for the contingent expenses of the Senate
irom $67,500 to $77,500. This was a very large
deficiency, but. that body of course had the man-
agement of its own contingent fund, and thought
the amount necessary. In addition, the expenses
had already been incurred. The committee there-
fore recommended a concurrence.
The next was $11,000, to supply a deficiency in
the fund for the expenditures of the penitentiary
in the District of Columbia. The committee of
the House determined at first that no appropria-
tion should be made until an examination was
made of the concerns of the institution. That sub-
ject had been turned over to the Committee on the
District of Columbia, and they were now engaged
in that examination. This amendment provided
only for expenses already incurred. The commit-
tee, therefore, had concluded to recommend a con-
currence.
The next amendment was of $1U(),000 to exe-
cute an arrangement made between this Govern-
ment and Great Britain for the refunding of certain
duties improperly levied. For detailed informa-
tion, he referred to House document No. KM,
(from which he read an extract.) The counter
claim of the same kind which our Government
was entitled to receive from Groat Britain was
about $300,000.
The next^ provided for the payment of a sum of
money alleged to be due to Dr. Jones, for services
as member of a board of examiners to experiment
upon certain inventions to prevent the explosion
of steam boilers, under act of Congress. (Mr.
McK. read from the act.) Under the authority of
this act, the Secretary organized u board consisting
of three persons, of whom Dr. Jones was one.
That board commenced the performance of their
duty, and while engaged, this $6,000 became ex-
hausted. The examination was incomplete, and
they were told by the Secretary of the Navy that
they might go on with their labors, and rely for
further compensation on appropriation by Con-
gress. They did so, and the result of that exam-
ination was communicated to Congress and printed.
Mr. RAT HBUN, (in his seat.) And it is good
for nothing.
Some further conversation oil this item ensued
between Mr. TIBBATTS and Mr. McKA Y, in
which it was stated that this appropriation had been
once refused by a vote of the House, and been re-
ported against by the Committee on Commerce.
The Committee of Ways and Means now recom-
mend a disagreement.
With reference to the amendment appropriating
$16,000 for arrears of legislative expenses of Flor-
ida while a Territory, Mr. McKAY caused to be
read extracts from two laws of the year 1842 on
the subject, expressly declaring that no legislative
session should commence until an appropriation
was made for meeting its expenses, and that it
should not be so continued as that its expenses
should exceed the appropriation. Mr. McK., in-
dividually, was of the opinion, under these laws,
that this appropriation should not be made. But
in case the committee thought otherwise, he should
move an amendment to reduce the amount from
$16,000 to $10,000, which he refeired to some of
the details of the case to show was sufficient.
Mr. D. P. KING inquired of Mr. McK. if any
provision of this biH was intended to meet the de-
ficiency in the marine hospital fund?
Mr. McKAY replied in the negative.
Mr. KING. Has it not been usual from year
to year to make an appropriation for this object?
Mr. McKAY. In the civil and diplomatic bill. '
Not in this bill. This is a bill to supply defi-1
ciences for the present year. j
Mr. KING gave notice of an amendment to ap- ;
propriate for the deficiency in the funds of the j
several marine hospitals, §25,000. |
Mr. DJIOMGOOLE made a brief explanation i
of the amendment of the Senate, appropriating for
compensation for services of Dr. Jones. He had !
presented the memorial of Dr. J., but had been i
prevented from saying any tiling upon it when this j
bill was under consideration in committee or in tho ;
House. The particular act under which this board j
was organized was not of August, 1842, but of
May, 1843. Mr. D. caused to be read the fifth sec- |
tion, in which, he said, the Secretary of the Navy j
was positively enjoined to constitute this board. \
Under that authority and requirement he had ap- j
pointed Dr. Jones and others, who had conducted '
the examination, the result of which was the very
able and scicntific report v.Inch lie held in his
hand, written by Dr. Jones himself. Ho had not
charged from tho time the board was constituted,
but only for actual service. And the question
was, whether, after he had performed that duty,
(and thus had been deprived of other profitable
employment,) and the Government had received ;
the benefit of it, they were willing to pay for it? I
It was to be borne in mind, that, at the time the |
fund was exhausted, they might have leceived pay :
for their services up to that time, and lane i^one j
no further, thus bcncfitinif the Government in no [
degree; but they were authorized by the Serre- |
tary of the Navy to continue their investigations, I
relying on future appropriations. As a mailer of i
equity and justice, lie urged the appropriation;
and he. trusted that the friendship he entertained
for Dr. Jones—a friendship first formed when that
gentleman was connected with that ancient insti-
tution, William and Mary's College—would be
no disparagement to a claim which, on its ov/n |
merits, was entitled to receive the support of the
! House.
I Mr. BROCKKNBROUGII rose to speak to the
1 amendment relative to arrears of legislative ex-
! peiiscs in Florida, but his remarks were decidod
[ out of order at present.
I The question was announced to be first upon con-
j ctirring in the amendment of the Senate, increasing
; from $67,500 to $77,500 the appropriation for defi-
| cicncy in the contingent fund of the Senate.
1 .Mr. KING moved his amendment to this amend-
ment., to appropriate §25,0110 for deficiency in ma-
rine hospital fund.
Mr. K. explained that the usual appropriation to
defray the annual expenses of this fund had not
been made at the last session of Congress. Of
course tile expenditures for these hospitals through-
out the country, the rations for sick sailors, &c.,
had been very much reduced, and gieat distress ami
embarrassment had been the result. He hoped that
the usual appropriation, which was due injustice,
would be made.
Mr. McKAY raised tho point of order against
this amendment that it was irrelevant to the amend-
ment of the Senate, (for contingent expenses,) to
which it was offered.
He also objected to it on the ground that its ne-
cessity was not shown, no call having been made
from the Department for it, and it being easy to
pro\ ide for it m th<! civil and diplomatic bill, which
was yet to be passed.
Mr. RllETT spoke on the question of order
against the propriety of admitting the amendment.
Mr. ATKINSON advocated the amendment,and
urged the importance, as a matter of justice as well
as mercy, of making the appropriation, referring to
the embarrassments and distresses occasioned at
the hospital at Norfolk by the failure to make it.
After a woid or two by Mr. Dakragh—
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order,
deciding the amendment in order.
Mr. I. E. HOLMES had had some doubt whether
the amendment to the amendment could be received;
but with that respect he ever entertained for the
Chair, he cheerfully concurred in its decision; and
he urged that if it could be brought in in order, the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. King] ought to be sustained. He warmly
complained of the injustice and oppression result-
ing from the failure of the Government to make the
appropriation at the proper time for this fund, and
of its failure to hold over this class of individuals
that biond shield of democratic protection which
was so frequently vaunted of concerning all. This
fund had fallen so short, that several of our citizens
had come forward, and advanced their money to
the Government, trusting the Government for the
purpose of protecting the poor sailors from the gross
frauds practised on them, in obliging them to pay
monthly stipends. He referred to the information
he had received at Charleston hospital, where, in
consequence of the failure of this fund, the officers
were obliged to say to Jack Tar, when, disabled
from .service, he came there to find a comfortable
retreat, that they could not take him in, as the ap-
propriation was exhausted. Under these circum-
stances, he bad advised the mayor of the city, that
an advance of the money should bo made by tho
city authorities, and that they should rely on the
justice of the Government for a future appropria-
tion. They had advanced the money; and the con-
sequence was, that at tho sickly season of the year,
many had been taken care of by the local authori-
ties, who would have been thrown'on the cokl chari-
ty of the world by tho kind, very distinguished,
very vaunted libcralists, of the General Govern-
ment.
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. King, and on two counts no quorum voted.
Mr. IVlcKAY appealed to Mr. King to withdraw
his amendment, and allow the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill to come up before this matter
was pressed. No application had been made from
the department to tho Committee of Ways and
jVIeatis for this appropriation. There had been
one for an appropriation for the next year, which
was provided for in the general appropriation bill,
llow could the gentleman from Massachusetts un-
dertake to say that precisely the amount of $35,000
was required ?
Mr. KING replied that was the usual annual
appropriation.
Home com eis.uiun ensued between Mr. TIIOM-
AS.SON and Mr. AlcKAY, in which the latter gen-
tleman slated that an appropriation for the continu-
ation and erection of marine hospitals was contained
in tho general bill, and the former expressed the
hope that it would be acted on without delay, and
in a more specific manner than at the last year,
when $25,000 each had been appropriated for hos-
pitals at Louisville, Clcaveland, Ohio, Pittsburg,
and Cumberland, which, by the construction of the
Secretary, had been limited to £.25,000 for all; the
consequence of which was, that the hospital at Lou-
isville as well as tho others had been commenced,
and, carried but a little way, had been stopped for
want of funds, and tho work was now going to
decay.
Mr. SliABOllN JONES and Mr. ADAMS re-
spectively objected to debate or any proceeding, on
account of the absence of a quorum.
Mr. A. moved that the committee rise.
The question being taken, the vote stood—ayes
fi, noes 65; no quorum voting.
The committee rose, and reported that fact to
the House.
_ Mr. PRICE moved a call of the House; on
which the yeas and nays were ordered.
A motion was made that the House adjourn:
rejected—yeas 16, nays 110.
A quorum having voted,
The committee resumed its session.
The question was again taken on the amendment
of Mr. King, and the vote stood—ayes 53, noes 56
—no quorum still.
The committee again rose and reported the fact.
Mr. McKAY moved a call of the House; which
was ordered.
The roll having been called, 124 members were
ascertained to be in attendance.
Mr. HERRICK inquired for information wheth-
er, in case the call was carried out, and fines were
levied, they were paid by the members fined or by
the contingent fund?
The SPEAKER replied that they were generally
paid from the contingent fund of the House.
Mr. H. moved, then, to dispense with further
proceedings in the call: negatived.
The list of absentees was called, and 134 mem-
bers were found m attendance.
Mr. PRICE moved to suspend further proceed-
