' /-W
758
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
ings in the call: carried—ayes 93, noes 19 no
quorum voting.
And, on motion, the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were pre-
sented under the rule, and refened to the appro-
priate committees
Bv Mr M. L- MARTIN : The petition of citizens of Mil-
waukie, asking tliut their city cimrtci may be affirmed by
Congress.
B\ Mr. TRUMBO • The petition and other papers of Mat-
thew (Jrey, of Clatke county, Kentucky, praying eompen-
h«uum for M'rviccs in the liM uai: icfcrred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
Bv Mr. CHASE: The petition of Samuel Graves, of Ten-
nessee, praying Congron to grant him a pennon: icferied
to the Commit lee mi fmaltd Pensions.
By Mr. E. 1? HOLMES : Ceruin lesolufions of the Legis-
lature of the State of New York, touching the due regula-
tion by law of the pilots and pilotage of the port* ot this
Union.
Mr. BKOCKENBKOITCII: The petition of .lolm Gam-
ble, of the Stale of Florida: referred to the Committee of
Chums.
By Mr. ARNOLD: The petition of omy.ens of Rhode
Inland, for a levenue boat between Wiekfoid and Point
Judith light-house: refeued to the Committee on Com-
merce.
By Mr. BOWLIN: The petition of Louis V. Bogv and
61 other citizens of Miwmi, pia\ing for the entailment
of the provisions of the act m' It^G, tonliunmg title*. to
lands under Spanish and Ftench elaun> in Uppei Louisiana,
go as to direct that the scrip authoi iz-d to be is.-ued in the
ease ot a Jloat, where the lands bad been beloie sold by the
Government of the United State.-, should be issued to the
actual claimant at the tune of Kt-umg the same—the actual
ownership of the same to be ascertained m such manner as
Congress may dircct: referred to the Committee on Pnvate
Land Claims.
By Mr. E>ODGE: The petition from the citizens of Clay-
ton county,'a-'king the establishment of a mail-toute troin
Jackson via Monona, to Prame du Cliien : referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads. ANo three
petitions numerously signed by citizens of Iowa Territory,
pra>mgtoi the establishment of a post route fiom Farming-
ton via Bonapai te to Kcosauqtia : icferred to the ssiine com-
mittee. Also, a petition from citizens ot Iowa, prawng the
establishment ot a mail-route fiom Keokuk via1'iauie
House," Fiankhn, \Ve<t Point. Salem, Glasgow, and Fair-
field, to Iowa city. Also, another a-kuig a mail-route from
K'*okuk via " Piairie Ilou>e," Primiose, Winchester, Bir-
mingham, Fairfield, Agency city, Ottumwa, and Oaka}oos«a,
Jo Fort Des Moines. Four petitions from citizens of Henry
county, praying an appropriation for the improvement of the
Be* Moines and Jiwk Hiver Rapids, iu the Mississippi river;
referred to the Committee on Roads mid Canals. Also three
petitions from citizens of Lee county, praying the same ap-
propriation : referred to the same committee. Also, a peti-
tion from eitizens of Wapello count}, tbi the same object:
referred to the same committee. Also, a petition from Du-
buque county, for the same purpose: referred to the same
committee.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 5, 184G.
The PRESIDENT laid lirforp the Senate a com-
munication from the Treasury Department, in an-
swer to a resolution "f the iSoiiale, in relation to
certain land claims entered in the name of John
Rice Jones; which was nail, am] lefeued to (he
Committee on Private Land Claims.
The PllESIDKNT also presented the petition
of John S. Smith, a suldier of ! lie late war, pray-
ing to be allowed arrears of pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CAMERON presented a memorial of the
Board of Trade of Philadelphia, nskinjr for some
legislation to prevent the introduction of infectious
diseases by vessels landing emigrants nt our ports;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. CORWIN asked permission to withdraw
from the files of the Senate the petition and papeis
of John F. Moore; which was granted,
f Mr. DAVIS presented petitions from ship own-
ers and masters of Newbm yport, Salem, and New
Bedford, in the SLate of Massachusetts; and of G8
ship owners and masters of Nantucket, Massachu-
setts, praying that the pilot laws of 1837 may not
be repealed; which several petitions wuc laid upon
the table.
Mr. WESTCOTT presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Florida, in relation to the introduction and
cultivation of tropical plants into that State; which
was referred to the Committee on Agriculture.
Mr. SPEIGHT submitted the following resolu-
tion; which, being objected to, lies over one day
under the rule:
Resolved, That, after this day, the regular hour
to which the Senate shall stand adjourned, shall
be eleven A. M., until otherwise ordered.
Mr. ASHLEY, from tlie Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the subject of in-
quiring into the expediency of extending the ju-
risdiction of the United States district courts over
all the lakes and navigable waters of the United
States, reported a bill to amend an act entitled
" An act extending the jurisdiction of the district
courts to certain cases upon the lakes and nav-
igable waters connecting the same, approved Feb-
ruary 26, 1845;" which was read, and passed to
the second reading.
Mr. A. also, from the same committee, submit-
ted an adverse report upon the petition of Moses
Meeker, and asked to be discharged, from its
further consideration; which was agieed to.
Mr. LEWIS, from the Committee on Finance,
moved that said committee be discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of Willliam
B. Rend; which motion was agreed to.
The Senate considered the adverse report of the
Committee on Pensions, upon the petition of Sa-
rah Little; which report was concurred in.
Also, the adverse report of the Committee on
Pensions, upon the petition of Ruth Frye; which
report was concurred In.
Also, the adverse, report of the Committee on
Finance, upon the petition of Jacob D. Clark;
which report was concurrcd in.
The " Bill for the relief of John P. Skinner, and
the legal representatives of Isaac Greene," was
read a third time and passed.
SETTLEMENT OF l'RE-EMPTION CLAIMS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, moved that the
prior orders of the day be postponed, and that the
Senate resume the consideration of the bill pro-
viding for the adjustment of all suspended pre-
emption land claims in the several States undTer-
ritoi ies.
Mr. HUNTINGTON objected to taking up the
bill at the present time, as the Senate was very
thin, and the bill a very important one.
Mr. ATCHISON remarked that, though of no
great importance to the Government, the bill was
of vast importance to the individual claimants, and
lie hoped the matter would be disposed of as speed-
ily as possible.
Mr. BREESE hoped that the Senator would
withdraw his objection, and allow the bill to be
discussed.
Mr. HUNTINGTON was perfectly willing that
the bill should be, taken up, if its friends desired.
Mr. ASHLEY did not perceive any great neces-
sity for pressing the bill. His State was as much
interested m it as any other, but ho had no desire
to see action on it precipitated. Information had
been asked relative to the bill, and lie was willing
to afford time for a satisfactory response.
After some further conversation it was agreed to
take up the bill.
The Senate then proceeded, as in committee of
the whole, to the consideration of the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, asked for a read-
ing of the bill.
The bill was accordingly read, as follows:
A Jiil.L providing for the adjustment of all suspended pre-
eruption laud claim-* m the several Stales and Territories.
Whereas there exists a v;ist number of suspended entries?
in the several Suites mid Terrilow\s m which the public
l.uifla are mutated, upon which patents cannot issue under
exs.stmg legislation, and winch are aoeumulatirigfrom year
to yeai to such an extent a-, to produce great inconvenience
to'tlie public, a* well as to the geneia! operations of the
General Land Office:
And whereas it is necessary and proper that all persons
justly and equitably entitled to patents should receive them,
and that all unjust and fraudulent entries should be can-
celled, and the land revert agam and become a part of the
public domain : Therefore,
lie it nwHed bij the Senate awl House of Representatives of
IhsC Unite I St-itcs of America in O.inzras assembled, That the
fWreuuv of the Treasury, the Attorney General, and the
C mvnKsioncr of the Ooneial Land Office be, and they are
iieiehv, eon>tituted a bo<iid of commissioners, to examine
and determine, upon principles of equity and justice, all
«ueh cases ol suspension, and to order and finally adjudge
accordingly.
Shc. 2. Jhul be it fmfher cnru/cJ, That the said board
shall arrange their decision* into two cla&ses: the first class
to embrace all such ca*es of equity as may be finally con-
lumed In tiio boa id atbj e^md; and the second class to
embrace all such caves as the board reject and decide to be
invalid.
Sfo. 3. JJm! he it further enacted, That for all lands cov-
ered by entries or sales, which arc placed in the first class,
patents shall i<«ue to the claimants; and all lands embraced
by entrie* or saks placed in the second class, shall ipso facto
revert to, and become part of, the public domain.
Spo. 4. */?n/7 be it further enacted, That it shall and may
be lawful for the Commissioner of the General Land Office
to order into market, after due notice, without the formality
and expense of a proclamation of the President, all lands of
the second class, though heretofore unproclaimed and un-
oifered, a d such other isolated and disconnected tracts or
parcels of unoffercd lancte which, m his judgment, it would
be proper to expose to sale in like manner: Provided, That
public notice of at least thirty days shall be given by the
land officers of the district m which such lands may be sit-
uated, pursuant to the directions of she Commissioner afore-
said.
Mr. YTTLEE then rose and said, that inasmuch
as objections to the bill had been made yesterday
by several Senators, he had prepared himself with
some facts to which he invited the attention of the
Senate. The subject was referred to in the report
of the Commissioner of the Land Office, an extract
from which he would desire the Secretary to read:
"Cases of suspension for various causes exist in all the
States and Territories in which the public lands are situated.
These have been accumulating since the commencement of
the present public land system, and give rise at the present
time to an amount of correspondence very embarrassing to
the operations of the office. In many instances patents are
withheld from claimants for causes wholly irremovable un-
der existing: legislation: and yet, on principles of substantial
justice, the purchasers are entitled to their patents. As it is
utterly impracticable to provide by law for each particular
case, and as it is necessary that these suspensions, which
are increasing from year to year, be finally disposed of, I
would suggest that the Secretary of the Treasury, the Attor-
ney General) and the Commissioner of the General Land
Office be authorized by law to act together as a board, and
examine and determine all cases of suspension upon princi-
ples of equity and justice. In this way, honest and bona fide
purchasers will be able to obtain their patents, and claims
that are unjust and inequitable can be finally 1 ejected. Some
measure of this kind is indispensable to relieve this office
fiom embarrassment, and remove the doubt and uncertainty
which hang over the titles of some of our citizens to the very
farms on which they have resided for years."
There were, (Mr. Y. went on to say,) in all, five
thousand-cases of suspended claims, which could
not be disposed of until there was some legislation
on the subject. In reference to that legislation, and
in order to enable the Senate to judge of the nature
of the cases suspended, he had obtained from the
department one or two cases of each description as
illustrations of the nature of the evil, in order that
the Senate might be the better advised as to the
character of the appropriate remedy. He would
first adducc a case of suspended pre-emption in the
State of Missouri:
" Zachariah Poor entered, under the act of 19th
« June, 1834, tfcfe SE. fr. qr. 31, T* 46, R. 6 E. St.
' Louis disk, .showing that all tlie acts'necessary
♦ under that law were performed by him, 'to give a
' right of pre-emption, but the land was reserved
{ for the satisfaction of a private claim at the date
' of the laxo. At the time of the entry, the private
4 claim had been located, and that portion of the
' original reservation was no longer necessary for
< the private claim; but, having been reserved at the
4 date of the pre-emption law, its privileges did not
* embrace said land."
That was one case. The case of Williamson
(acted on at the present session) would afford an-
other and similar illustration. Mr. Y. then ad-
duced several other cases—in one of them the sus-
pension having existed for fifteen years—and then
"went on to say that these illustrations would show
to the Senate that legislation was necessary. He
had been furnished, in a letter from the Land Of-
fice, with the causes of suspension. The following
was a summary of these causes :
Where the entry was allowed without affidavit
at the proper time.
Where the affidavit was not exactly formal.
Where the entry was allowed before the plat was
returned, &c.
Private entries suspended—
For defects in the plats at the time of entry.
For defects in description.
For irregularity on the part of the register.
For reservations of the land.
For the entry of a forty-acre tract without affi-
davit, etc.
He had inquired into these particular causes,
with a view of meeting a suggestion of the Senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,] now sitting
on the other side of the chamber, and would now
state them to him if he would favor him with his
attention*, he would state the result of his inquiries.
It would be seen that the grounds for suspension
were various, but that in each case there was an
illegality in the proceedings. There were only two
modes of reaching the matter. Congress must
either legislate on each special case, or delegate
power of decision to some other tribunal. The
easiest mode was that proposed by the bill. ^ The
object of the bill was the exercise of an equitable
power. It was not proposed to'decide cases of
