1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
759
disputed title between individuals: The cases had
tW /P- ?pe"' a™Ln? decisions made, because
these decisions would have been adverse to the
daimante. It seemed to him that, although it
might please the Senate to modify the bill, yet it
TOust be acknowledged that some legislation was
necessary to settle _ these claims on principles of
equity. He was in favor of Congress retaining-
&n advisory power.
Mr. HUNTINGTON was desirous yesterday
lor longer tune for consideration of the bill, but
had not objected to-day, as its friends wished it to
e taken up. He was perfectly convinced that
some legislation was necessary. The question was
as to the best mode of adjudication. It would be
well to recollect that the pre-emption law contained
provisions for the benefit of the Government as
well as that of the settlers. Patents had been re-
fused m thousands of cases. Did the bill make
suitable provision for the security of the Govern-
ment.- He wished pie Senate to understand that
every suspended claim, no matter for what cause
suspended, could'be decided by this board finally,
not only as between the Government and the
claimant, but as between contesting claimants,
i he board would have a right to decide on the
validity of the patents, no matter whether the law
had been complied with or not. Here were 5,000
cases of suspension, over which the bill gives to
this board an absolute power. Now, was it pru-
dent—accordant with usage—-to create such a
board for such a purpose? That was the question.
Congress would have no control over the board;
its decision would be final. Was that consistent
with the analogy of the operation of the laws?
. . was n°t willing to commence the practice of
giving any board conclusive jurisdiction. It was
perfectly easy to have an examination of the case
by the proper legal officers. He repeated, tliat
the bill proceeded on the supposition that every
case was to be decided on principles of equity, and
insisted that they should do as in all other cases.
Let the claimant come to Congress, and if the claim
was just it would be allowed. There was no ne-
cessity for much delay. With that view, and for
the purpose of testing the question whether such a
board should be constituted, he would move the
following amendment:
[Not being able to procure a copy of the amend-
ment, we give the substance, which is as follows:]
" Strike out the preamble, and all of the hill
after the enacting clause, and insert a substitute
Eroviding that the Commissioner of the General
.and Office should inquire into and report the
reasons why existing pre-emption claims were
suspended, together with his opinion and the rea-
sons therefor, as to what individual claims should
be allowed, and which should be rejected; thus
leaving Congress to take final action in the prom-
ises." 1
It would be perceived that his object was to keep
the final supervision in the hands of Congress.
Mr. SPEIGHT always'listened to the Senator
from Connecticut with great attention ; but he
■would inquire of the Senator how long he sup-
posed it would be before Congress would have
passed on five thousand cases of suspended pre-
emption claims? He was surprised to hear the
question asked "how many claims are there?"
That appeared to be the great bugbear in the case.
Why, the more numei-ous the cases, the greater
the necessity of action, and speedy action. It
seemed to be the desire of some that, the Govern-
ment should hold both the lands and the money.
He contended that if the poor settler whose claim
was rejected got back only the money paid by him,
the Government would be acting a part no more
honorable than that of a common robber.
Mr. HUNTINGTON could not tell the Senator
who last spoke what length of time the process of
adjudication by Congress would take; but he did
not regard that as a serious objection to the prin-
ciple. He could not perceive how any difficulty
would arise to impede the action of Congress on a
report of these cases in which they would be clas-
sified. If there were nothing in them properly to
arrest the action of Congress, undoubtedly they
would be at once passed ufion. There were those
who felt sufficient interest in the claims to make
known any fraud if it existed. He could not see
any difficulty in allowing Congress to act in these
^Mr. SPEIGIIT. Ay, if Congress would act
speedily.
. Mr. HUNTINGTON could see no reason why
it should not.
Mr. SPEIGHT remarked, that the action of
Congress had always heretofore been dilatory in
cases of claims.
Mr. HUNTINGTON inquired if Congress was
dilatory m its action, was that any just reason to
refuse a reference to it of cases which properly
come under its jurisdiction ? He presumed that
Congress would do its duty when the report came
before it. He objected to the bill on principle, and
was confident that there was not an instance to be
found on their statute-books in which such power
as that to be exercised under the bill had ever been
vested in any board.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, observed that all
the difficulties in these cases had arisen from the
ignorance or improper conduct of the officers ap-
pointed by the Government for the purpose of
deciding upon these claims. Congress had passed
at different periods laws giving pre-emption rights
to certain settlers on the public lands. The com-
missioners had been constituted as a court to re-
ceive the money and give a leccipt, and the law had
pointed out the mode of procedure; but when the
returns were made to the General Land Office, it
was said that in these cases the proper formalities j
had not been observed, and therefore they remain- |
cd suspended. Here the honorable Senator read j
from a report of the Lund Olficc relative to the 1
claimants in the State of Louisiana, in order to i
show that the suspension arose, not from error on !
the part of the claimants, for they had complied
with the requisitions of the commissioners, but on
account of some informality on the part of the
court. He had introduced tbis subject to the Sen-
ate two years ago, when a bill was passed by the
Senate unanimously, but it could not oe got through ■
the House; so, at the last session, a similar hill .
had passed the Senate, and did not go through the 1
Honse. It wns not so easy a matter to get a bill i
through both Houses, fie objected to further i
delay, and suggested that if this amendment weic I
adopted, there would be little piobability of getting |
any bill passed. " j
Mr. ASHLRYhad intended to offer an amend- :
ment, but finding it would not meet the defects of I
the bill, he would not offer it. There was but one
provision of law which gives an appeal. By law,
all persons having claims of pre-emption were to
prove them to the satisfaction of the register and
receiver. The consequence was, that claimants,
when not able to comply with the provisions of
law, were not confirmed in their claims. The pre-
sent was a ease between the Government and set-
tlers, and he would ask if it were desired by Sen-
ators to retain the money of settlers in the treasury ?
As to his own State, (Arkansas,) he never knew
of any fraudulent land claims. A return of the
money, or the issue of their patents, was the right
of those five thousand people, who had acted con-
fiding in the good faith of the Government. Pro-
vided the parties could be heard, he would be per-
fectly willing to leave it to the Government, and he
would be glad to see a full investigation of the issue
in question. He would not offer the amendment
ho proposed, and hoped the. last one ottered would
not prevail. He desired to seethe matter before
the commissioners, who would act promptly in it,
and put an end to the grievances the bill proposed
to remedy.
Mr. DAYTON was satisfied, from the statement
of the Senator from Florida, [Mr. Yulee,] of the
importance of this bill, and that they should not
pass it in its present form. These five thousand
claims had been in effect rejected, and that bill was
really a bill to concede these five thousand claims.
He would not say the bill ought not to pass, or
that there was not equity in those claims; but he
protested against the mtioduction in legislation of
such a principle as would pass five thousand land
claims, while others were neglected. Those land
claims ought to have no preference before pension,
post office, or other claims. If that piinciple were
acted upon, where was it to end? The Govern-
ment said these claims ought not to pass—that
there was a competent tribunal to examine them.
That bill asked for an imperiwn in imperio, in the
form of a tribunal without a precedent. He agreed
with the Senator from Connecticut, that a brief re-
port should be made to Congress, and its action
had, as the best manner of disposing of them; for
that bill opened the door to wrong.
Mr. SEVIER was opposed to the amendment,
and to the bill itself, because it would involve the
fraud spoken of by the Senator from Mississippi,
[Mr. Speight.] By a report he held in his hand,
he found that claims were made, but which could
not be granted, as they conflicted with private
claims. Were they to grant patents in that case ?
Mr. S. cited three or four other classes of cases,
in which valid reasons existed for withholding
patents, and then went on to say, that, in his
judgment, it would be very unjust to bring the
claimants to the city of Washington from all quar-
ters of the Union, obliging them to incur great ex-
pense and inconvenience. He was opposed to any
such remedy as that proposed by the bill. Half
of the cases at least ought not to be remedied at
all, and those which oujfht to be remedied could
be remedied by the existing laws. That was his
view of the case. He was entirely opposed to the
hill in its present form, contending that, on a re-
view of the report of the Commissioner of the
Land Office, the grounds of suspension proved
that there was not a case which might not be dis-
posed of without the passage of this bill
Mr. ALLEN said this bill involved veiy large
interests—five, thousand titles to land—and was
applicable to all parts of the Union. It was a dif-
ficult question on which to legislate—a very difficult
subject. The difficulty lay in the danger of dis-
turbing the existing rights of individuals by legis-
lation. Now, this act applied not merely to cases
where the question was one of equity between
the Government and an individual, but to cases
where the question was between two individuals
and the Government—where there were three par-
ties. It was quite easy to conceive, that when a
question was confined to A and the Government—
as, for instance, where A had entered lands, and
paid the money, though irregularly and not accord-
ing to the strict forms of the statute—there might
be justice and equity in the Government, by a sub-
sequent law, doing away with the consequences of
that irregularity, and granting the title, or paying
back the money. That would be an easy arrange-
ment. But in en^pR where third parties were con-
cerned, it was a different affair. The case put by
the Senator from Arkansas was one of these, and
it was but one of a numerous class. There were
cases where tiic title was contested by A and B, and
where the difficulty arose as to which should obtain
it. The question for the Government then was not
whether the title ought to be granted or not, but to
which of the contestants should it be granted. He
did not design to go into an argument on this sub-
ject, but desired merely to point out some of the
difficulties in the way of legislating at all upon
these cases. His chief object in doing so was to
enforce the propriety anu expediency of giving
some more time to the consideration of the bill. It
was a new thing there to pass a law affecting the
rights of individuals to five thousand tracts of land.
It was no small matter. It was a thing which ear-
ned with it no small consequences. It was a thing
which demanded serious reflection and much fore-
sight. When a Government undertook to do an
act which disturbed the subsisting rights of indi-
viduals, it ought to be well assured that it is doing
so in order to achieve a great public good, and to
confer substantial benefits. It ought to be certain
that it is about to do good, and not evil. If the
question were only between the Government and
the citizen alone, the Government might proceed
in its equity and compromise the matter; and even
if it becamc the loser, and the citizen the gainer, it
might not be unjust or improper; but here was a
question where, two parties besides the Govern-
ment might be interested; and it was proposed to
pass an act of Congress, by which the conflicting
claims and rights of individuals might be involved;
an act of Congress which was to be used in courts
of law; an act of Congress by which titles were to
be derived from a new source; an act, he would
undertake to say, which would create more litiga-
tion than any one act which Congress had passed
for many years. This was a discretion in chance-
ry; it proposed to be such on its face. He there-
fore desired that adequate time would be allowed
for the examination of the bill, and that it would
not now be pressed.
Mr. YULEE remarked that, with the permission
of the Senator from Ohio, he would show that the
Senator from Arkansas had totally misconceived the
nature of the cases submitted by the Commissioner.
Mr. ALLEN was quite willing that the Senator
should proceed.
