1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
761
to make a suggestion, which was, that, in the terms
to be found m the fiijst section of this bill—which
provided, that in all the cases covered by the objects
j • j1^5 ^le board which the bill constituted was
to decide upon them ■ on principles of equity and
jusUc—an unlimited discretion was given to the
board-, that according to. their notions of what was
ju^t and equitable, the patent might be issued or
refused. He had supposed, looking to the past le-
gislation ox Congress, and looking to the very many
fosnhitii-ino .1. _ ci  , .i . i "
in laws of this description, meant such principles
of equity and justice as governed courts of equity
in administering justice between man and man. He
supposed that it never was the design of Congress
in authorizing the settlement of cases on those prin-
ciples, to do anything more than to constitute a
proper accounting officer as chancellor over the ac-
count. But in order to correct the error of the bill
—if it were an error,—ho would suggest that imme-
diately after the terms "principles of justice and
equity," the words be added, "as recognised and
enforced in courts of equity.'3 After further re-
marks relative to this amendment, the Senator went
on to say that the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Ali.bnI
had suggested a difficulty which perhaps required
correction. The Senator had referred to cases in
which there might be contesting claimants. It was
easy to imagine such cases under the pre-emption
laws—cases in which the pre-emption proprietor,
or he who was entitled to be a proprietor having
failed to comply with the law, some other party
without any fault on his part had obtained a prior
right as against the Government, and by pursuing
all the forms of law has acquired a title as against,
the party who had been negligent. He (Mr. J.)
therefore thought, with the Senator fiomOhio, that
it was advisable and just to limit the operation of
this bill to those cases in which the only parties in-
te\-ested were the Government on the one hand, and
the individual claimant on the other; and with a
view to effect that object, he would propose to
amend the bill by inserting this provision: "Pro-
vided further, That this act shall not extend to any
other cases than those in which the United States
and the claimant under this act. arc the only parties
having an interest in said laws." There was but
one other matter to which he would call the atten-
tion of the Senate, and it was necessary to go much
into detail as to the motives and reasons for it.
The object of the bill was to settle the claims. As
drafted, the bill contained no limitation of the time
within which this board was to act. If it remain-
ed on the statute book fifty years hence, the board
would be just as competent to decide in the mat-
ters embraced in the act as it was on the (lay after
the passage of the bill. There wore other reasons
which pointed to the propriety of a limitation of
the time during which the bill was to operate, if
the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Bkeksh] was right
in his'information. He (Mr. J.) understood that
Senator to say that there were about ten thousand
Mr. BREESE. Tens and tens of thousands!
Mr. JOHNSON. That was a pretty formidable
corps.de reserve to carry into the heat ot an election-
eering contest. Of course he (Mr. J.) spoke with-
out any invidious allusion to any political party—
without reference to the present Administration or
to any future one which might assume the reins of
power. But all must perceive that these " tens
and tens of thousands" would constitute a formi-
dable body of men to be brought into party con-
flict. He therefore thought that it would be better
for all hands—for the Government as well as for
the proprietors of the lands—that some reasonable
limitation of time should be fixed, within which
these disputed questions of title with the Govern-
ment and the claimants should be settled; and, as
he supposed—speaking1 subject to the correction of
those better infoimed than he himself was on the
subject—that it might all be done, if the claimants
and the officers were diligent, within two years
from the passage of the act, he would suggest the
following proviso: " that the power and jurisdic-
(tion given to the board shall cease and determine
* at the expiration of two years from the passage
' thereof."
Mr. ATCHISON rose to express his concur-
rence in the genera) views expressed by the Sena-
tor from Maryland [Mr. Johnson] with regard to
two of his amendments. One of his amendments
was perhaps important—another was unnecessary
—the third, he (Mr. A.) should vote for cheerful-
ly, and that was the amendment proposing to
limit the jurisdiction of the board to cases between
the claimant and the Government, where the rights
of no third party were involved. But he could
not agree that the board should be limited to an
equitable jurisdiction in the technical meaning of
that term. That would, in his opinion, defeat the
object of the bill. There being but two parties
whose interests were to be taken into considera-
tion*—-the purchaser and the Government—if the
decision was made, as the Senator himself had
properly observed, in favor of the issuing of the
patent, then the Government had had the price
paid for the land; and if the decision was against
the claimant, he was not to be estopped from an
appeal to Congress. The amendment was unne-
cessary. He was altogether opposed to limiting
the operation of the bill to two years; because
cases would be continually arising, and the Com-
missioner took that view of the subject.
Mr. R. JOHNSON begged to interrupt the Sen-
ator for a moment. He supposed that the bill
itself had reference only to existing cases; that it
was not prospective. lie (Mr. J.) had no desire
to defeat the bill—quite the contrary.
Mr. ATCHISON quoted the clause of the bill:
ti cases which are accumulating from year to year,"
&c., and also quoted from the report of the Com-
missioner of the Land Office, summing up all the
reasons given for the passage of the bill.
Mr. BREESE here rend a letter addressed to the
Senator from Louisiana fMr. Johnson] and him
self, from the register at Mineral Point, Wiscon-
sin, stating that since the land office was estab-
lished there m 1834, not a single patent had been
granted upon any one of the numerous entries
there made.
Mr. HUNTINGTON did not wish to protract
the discussion, but would merely suggest to Ins
friend from Maryland, [Mr. Johnson,) that the
effect of the passage of this bill, even as proposed
to be amended by him—especially if earned out
with the idea that it was to have a prospective oper-
ation—would be to constitute a board with the
power to set aside any* provision of the pre-emp-
tion laws, if, in justice and equity, they thought
that the claimant outfit to have the land. He
wished to put this question: Was it best to estab-
lish a principle by which a board would be consti-
tuted to set aside nnd nullify every provision of a
salutary law made for the security of the public
interests, if, in the opinion of that board, justice
and equity should so require? He could not vote
for the hill in any shape.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, did not so un-
derstand the bill. As it appeared to some Senators
that the operation of the hill was to be permanent,
ho would move to amend it by striking out after
tho word tl Legislature" the words "and which
arc accumulating from year to year."
The question was then called for on Mr. Hun-
tington's amendment.
Mr. R. JOHNSON thought that his amend-
ments were first in order.
Mr. BREESE. The amendments of the Senator
from Maryland are first, in order, for it is the right
of the friends of tho bill to make it as perfect as
possible before any proposition to strike out can
be entertained.
In this opinion the PRESIDENT coincided, and
the question boins; taken on the amendments seri-
atim, they were all agreed to.
Mr. HUNTINGTON then withdrewhisamend-
ment, and moved to lay the bill on the table as a
test question, the friends of the bill seeming de-
sirous of a thorough discussion.
Mr. SPEIGHT called for the yeas and nays on
this motion, and the call being seconded, they were
ordered, and taken with the following result:
Y.RAP—Messrs. Athcrton, Calhoun, Dayton, Evans. Hay-
wood, Huntington, Jarnagin Jcimess, Lewis, Maiii*um,Niles,
and TJpham—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Breese, Bright,
Cameron, Thomas Clayton, Convin. Houston, Johnson of
Mai viand, Johnson of Louisiana, McDuffie, Pennybacker,
Speight, Tarney, Westcott, and Yulee—17.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
Mr. R. JOHNSON then moved, in order to
make the bill still more precise in the terms hmit-
in°- its operation to existing cases, to amend it by
inserting in the first section'the words " now ex-
iStThis amendment was also agreed to ; and the
bill, as amended, was reported to the Senate, the
amendments concurred in, and the question about
to be taken on ordering the bill, as amended, to be
engrossed for a third reading; when
Mr. CALHOUN rose and said: He had no
doubt some measure ought to be adopted to remedy
the evils complained of, but he could not bring his
mind to the belief that the mode now proposed was
the best. He objected, in the first place, to the
appointment of a board of commissioners. He
had had some little experience, having been a mem-
ber of two or three boards; and, m his opinion,
it was the most inconvenient and irresponsible
method that could be adopted. Theycould scarcely
ever be got to hold a meeting, each member hav-
ing his own separate engagements, and nobody
being individually responsible for a failure in the
transaction of the business of the board. He would
infinitely prefer giving the power in this instance
to the Commissioner of the Land Office, with in-
structions that he should report to Congress by
classes, giving briefly the reasons for the allowance
of those claims that might be allowed. The Com-
missioner had the right to consult the Solicitor of
the Treasury and to requite his opinion upon the
cases, in the same manner as the Secretary of tho
Treasury had the right to consult the Attorney
General of the United States and to take his opin-
ion. And he was sure that the matter would take
less time if conducted in that way, and would be
more satisfactorily accomplished.
He objected to the board for the further reason
that it appeared to him it would be the commence-
ment of a very dangerous system; a substitution of
equity for law; for he did not think that the qual-
ifying woids put in by the Senator from Mary-
land could have much effect. The only power
under our system of Government to which much
discretion was entrusted was Congress. Under
an express provision of the Constitution, neither
the Executive nor the Judiciary had a particle of
discretion confided to them. The words of the
Constitution were:
" The Congress shall have power to make all
* laws which shall be necessai y and proper for car-
c rying into execution the foregoing powers, and
' all other powers vested by this Constitution in
i the Government of the United States, or in any
4 department or officer thereof."
Thus, continued Mr. C., m consequence of this
dear provision in the Constitution, where a power
is of such a nature that it cannot be exercised
either by the Judiciary or the Executive, its exer-
cise must devolve upon Congress. Sir, it is in my
opinion very dangerous to begin shifting this pow-
er; and if it should become in any particular case
indispensably necessary, it ought to be done with
very severe guards, if it be necessary that a dis-
cretionary power should be exercised, it is better
to leave it to its natural operation in the depart-
ments of the Government as now constituted,
where the opinions of one officer are required to
be supported and confirmed by those of another;
and m case they disagree, the final decision rests
with Congress. This would be vastly more con-
venient. But 1 do not deem it necessary at all to
exercise any discretion; therefore, I am against the
thing altogether. 1 am perfectly satisfied that if
you call upon the Commissioner of the Land Office
to give the whole of the claims in a classified form,
the number of cases of any one class that will come
within the scope and intention of the provisions of
this bill, will not exceed half a dozen; and when
you have them before you, you can then pass a
law allowing or rejecting the claims by classes,
specifying in what instances the money shall be
returned, and in what instances the title shall be
confirmed; in short, any disposition which Con-
gress may think proper to make. Any intelligent
man at the head of the Land Office, being familiar
with the cases, from an examination of all the de-
tails, after he has classified them, can, in twenty-
four hours, draw up a bill tfyat will cover the whole
of them. This mode of proceeding would save a
vast deal of trouble. Pass such a law, and, in-
stead of taking two years, it ought not to take six
months to complete the whole. And it would be
infinitely better, in my opinion, for all concerncd.
Those eases which cannot be brought under some
one of the classes will be open for the action of
Congress; and in this way all necessity for the ex-
ercise of discretionary power will be avoided.
It is quite impossible that the Senator from Flor-
ida can be correct when he says that the descrip-
tion of objections to these claims is as varied as the
