762
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
cases are numerous. If it were so, it would be (he
strongest possible reason why this power should
not be given to a board of commissioners. The
very qualification which the Senator has agreed to
put m goes upon the ground that there arc certain
principles to be observed, and that the cases may
be classified. Now, it is better that wc should ap-
ply these principles than to leave the matter dis-
cretionary Mith the Commissioner of the Land
Office or the board, and after the claims are ar-
i\us^ed in thrir classes, there will be no difficulty,
in my opinion, m our revising them.
Acting under these impressions, 1 cannot vote
for the bill; and f do hope that it will yet be laid
upon the table, in order to give tunc, and to see
whether wc cannot accomplish our object in much
belter form.
Air. MANGUM moved that the bill be laid upon
the table.
Mr. SPEIGHT inquired whether that motion
was now in order, the same motion having been
previously made, and the vote taken upon it?
Mr. HAYWOOD observed that, since that vote
was taken, the bill had been repoited to the Senate
from the Committee of the Whole, and the ques-
tion had been taken upon concurimg m the amend-
ments rmule in committee.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Loiustana, w;ud he luid no
objection that the bill should he over until to-nioi-
row.
M r.MANGUM said thevipws expressed by the
Senator from South Carolina struck lnm as having
much force. The long experience of the Senator
in one of the Departments of the Government, in-
dependently ol the force and cogency of his rea-
soning, entitled his opinions to great weight and
eonxideialion; and, with a view of giving a more
full and careful consideration to the subject, he
would chango the motion he had made, and move
that the hill bo recommitted.
Mr. JOH NSOMT, of Louisiana, said the objec-
tion he had to referring this matter to the Commis-
sioner of the Land Office alone was that it might
be five or six years before the claims were acted
upon.
Mr. WESTCOTT said he hoped the bill would
be recommitted, and that the suggestions of the
Senator from South Carolina would be adopted.
The motion for recommitment was adopted.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
r"so>itativcs, announcing that said House had pass-
ed sundry bills, in which the concurrcnce of the
♦Senate was asked.
[Several messages in writing were received from
the President of the United States.]
The Senate took up the bill to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for certain objects made for
the service of the fiscal year ending J 'unc3i)lh,
which was reported back from the House this morn-
ing with amendments; wh«-n,
On motion of Mr. LEWIS, it was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
An act to errant the nuht of pre-emption to aetual
settlers on the public lands acquired by treaty from
the Miami Indians, in Indiana, also reported from
the House of Representatives, was read twice, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
An act, for the relief of John Chasseaud, the con-
sul of the (Jniied States for Syria and Palestine,
alsn leported from the House this motuing, was
rend a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. L ft WIS moved that three hundred addi-
tional copies of the bill to establish the warehousing
system be printed for the use of the Senate; which
motion was agreed to.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 5, ]846.
The Journal of yesterday was read in part, and
the further reading having, on motion of Mr. LI-
GON, been dispensed with—
The SPEAKER announced the special order of
the day to be the bill to repeal that part of the act
of the 30th of August, 1842, which imposes a duty
of 20 per cent, ad valorem on Java coffee, and to
refund the discriminating tonnage duty levied on
Spanish vessels (except those from Cuba and Porto
Rico) by act of 13th of July, 1832.
Mr. LIGON, on leave, from the Committee of
Claims, made reports upon the following cases, viz:
upon the ease of Thomas Crown, accompanied by
a bill for his relief; which bill was read twice ancl
committed. Also upon the petition of the heirs of
Gassaway Watkins, accompanied by a bill for their
relief; which bill was read twice and committed.
Also an adverse report upon the petitions of Charles
G. Layton and of Gideon Walker; which reports
were laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr. HARALSON, submitted on
leave,
Ordered, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be discharged from the consideration of the me-
morials of citizens of St. Clair and Randolph coun-
ties, in the State of Illinois, asserting the title of
the United States to the Oregon territory up to 54°
40' north latitude, and of the non-commissioned
officers and privates for a chapel at Governor's
Island, Now York harbor; which memorials were
laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr. BURT, submitted on leave,
Ordcvrd, That the same committee be discharged
from the statement of R. Parker, paymaster at
Harper's Feny, Virginia, relating to the pay of
military storekeepers and paymasters; which was
laid upon the table-
On motion of Mr. DOUGLASS, submitted on
leave,
Ordered, That leave be given to Josephine Noursc
to withdraw her petition.
On motion of Mr. DANIEL, submitted on leave,
Ordered, That leave be given to withdraw the
memorial and papers in the case of Charles M.
Gibson.
IVlr. C. J. INGERSOLL moved that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, for the purpose of taking up the
special order of the day.
DEFICIENCIES IN APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. McKAY appealed to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. C.J. Inoersoll] to consent tlmt
the consideration of the special order should again
be postponed until to-morrow.
In support of that motion, (continued Mr. McK.,)
I request the permission of the House'to state, what
is already known to most of its members, that sev-
eral of the appropriations are exhausted. I saw
General Jesup, the duartermaster Genera], this
morning:, who informed me that the whole of the
appropriations for the military service, so far as
his department is concerncd, are exhausted, and
that lie is now meeting the expenditures necessary
for t lie army in Texas upon lus own personal respon-
sibihty.
Mr. C. .T. INGERSOLL made a remark in reply
to Mr. McKay, which the reporter could not hear,
lie was believed to say that the bill which was the
•special order would not take more than an hour,
and to decline to yield to a motion to postpone.
Mr. McKAY. Take it up after this hill is dis-
posed of.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL still declining,
Mr. McKAY moved that the special order be
postponed until to-morrow.
And the motion having been agreed to, the spe-
cial order was postponed accordingly.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House then re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Preston King in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the bill to
supply deficiencies in certain appropriations for the
current fiscal year, which had been returned from
the Senate with certain amendments.
The pending question was 011 the motion of Mr.
D. P. King to amend the amendment of the Sen-
ate increasing the appropriation for the contingent
fund of the Senate from $67,500 to 77,500, by ad-
ding thereto an appropriation of $25,000 to meet
deficiencies m the expenditures of the several ma-
rine hospitals.
Mr. KING asked that before the question was
taken, an extract on this subject might be read
from the report of the Secretary of the Treasury;
which was read.
After a brief conversation between the CHAIR
and Mr. DROMGOOLE on a point of order—
The question was taken by tellers, and the vote
stood—ayes 63, noes 55.
So the amendment of Mr. King was agreed to.
After some further conversation—
The question on the amendment of the Senate,
as thus amended, was taken, and by yeas 56, noes
60, was rejected.
A11 such amendments of the Senate as are not
herein particularly mentioned, were concurred in
without a division.
The amendment of the Senate appropriating
$2,250 to pay a balance due to Dr. T. P. Jones for
services rendered as a member of the board of ex-
aminers to experiment on certain inventions to
prevent the explosion of steam vessels, coming up
on the question of concurrence—
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON briefly sustained it,
as appearing to him to be a good ana valid claim.
Mr. BOYD submitted that if it was so, it was a
proper subject for the Committee of Claims. He
was opposed to legislation by amendments of this
kind.
Mr. TIBBA.TTS made a suggestion which was
not heard.
Mr. RATHBTJN briefly opposed the claim.
Mr. ISAAC E. HOLMES suggested certain
difficulties, on the disposition of which, he thought,
the decision of the question should rest.
Mr. DARRAGH submitted some remarks, in
the nature of a general appeal in behalf of private
claimants—arguing that to go before this House
with a claim was almost equivalent to going into
the court of chancery.
Mr. GORDON submitted that there was no
doubt that these services had been rendeiei, and he
was content to vote for the amendment.
Mr. HUNGERFORD contended that, accord-
ing to Dr. Jones's own showing, he had no claim
whatsoever on the Government; and to demon-
strate this, Mr. H. asked that the memorial might
be read.
And it was read accordingly.
Mr. DROMGOOLE asked that the law under
which the board was constituted might be read.
And it was read accordingly.
The question was then taken, and the committee
refused to concur in the amendment of the Senate.
The committee also refused to concur m the
amendment of the Senate appropriating $250 for
compensation to the superintendent of the post
office building.
The amendment of the Senate appropriating
$5,000 for the contingent expenses of foreign inter-
course coming up, (which amefidment the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means had recommended should
be amended by striking out §5,000, and inserting
$7,500)—— 1
Mr. McKAY read a letter from the Secretary of
Stale. The original estimate, it appeared, was
$15,000; but the Secretary now thought that, un-
less some unforeseen contingency should arise, the
sum of $5,000 would carry him through. The
Committee of Ways and Means, however, thought
that, in the present posture of our foreign affairs,
it was important that the Secretary of State should
have as large an amount at his command as might
be likely to be callcd for, and therefore they had
raised the sum to $7,500.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL. To the 30th of June
next ?
Mr. McKAY assented.
After an inquiry by Mr. WINTHROP,
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
And the amendment of the Senate, as thus
amended, was concurred in.
The amendment of the Senate appropriating
$16,000 for arrears of legislative expense of Flori-
da whilst a Territory, coming up—
Mr. BROCKENBROUGH addressed the com-
mittee at length in favor of the amendment, show-
ing how the deficiencies had occurred, and defend-
ing Florida against charges of extravagance in
expenditures which, he contended, had been mode-
rate, and in her favor, when compared with the
Territories of Michigan, Iowa, and Wisconsin.
Mr. McKAY replied, recapitulating the objections
he had raised yesterday against the amendment.
He now moved to reduce the amendment of the
Senate from $36,000 to $8,000.
Mr. BROCKENBROUGH briefly replied.
Mr. GROVER opposed the amendment of Mr.
McKay, and hoped that the committee wouldreject
the amendment of the Senate.
Mr, S. J ONES thought that a sufficient cause for
this amendment might be found in the necessity of
the case, arising out of the change of things in
Florida, from being a Territory to becoming a State.
He thought, however, that a medium ^between the
two sums designated might be proper, and he moved
to reduce the sum from $16,000 to $12,000.
