764
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
partmcnt. And, from this cause, in the net of
ihe Inst session* appropriating for the expenses of
the Post Office Department, provision was made
that the deficiency in the revenues of that depart-
ment should be supplied, oat of the general rev-
enues of the treasury. Vet no one supposed that
anything would he taken from the treasury for
the purpose of making up the compensation of the
deputy postmasters.
Some conversation occurred between Mr. A. D.
SIMS and Mr. Tvlc.KAY, which was not suffi-
ciently audible at the reporter's desk to be re-
ported.
Mr. McKAY (continuing) said he was going on
to say, when interrupted, that at the time these
several acts were passed, it was not in the con-
templation at least of the fiiends of this measure,
that the deficiency for compensation of postmasters
should he paid out of the general funds of the
treasury. But, in anticipation of the reduction of
the revenues of the department, which everybody,
even the. friends of the measure foresaw, a special
luovisum was made in the law itself, (from which
he read,) that when the commissions of deputy
postmasters are less than per annum, it shall
be lawful for the Postmaster General to increase
them, provided they shall not exceed 50 percent,
of the postage aeciumg at the respective officcs.
But it was m ell known th.it the Attorney Gen-
eral said we had authority under these laws to
make up the deficiency out of the general sum in
the treasury. It, was estimated by the Postmaster
General that the deficiency in the revenues of the
department for the next fiscal year would be the
gross sum of one million ol dollars. All they pro-
posed in this bill was that no deficiency for com-
pensation of postmasters should be taken from the
gi-netal revenues of the treasury.
tie was for raising the rates of postage. He
hoped the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Uoads would report a bill for this purpose—to some,
not to any very great extent. Cut until that, or
♦some other remedial legislation was passed by Con-
gress, provision must be made out of the geneial
treasury, to carry on the operations of the depart-
ment. It could not be the intention of any one here
in this House that it be stopped; and they all must
know, from the great falling off tha,t has taken place
from the reduced rates of postage, that it must stop,
unless some particular provision be made.
But to be frank with the committee, he did not
think it very important that this proviso should be
retained. Suppose the Postmaster General saw iit
to increase the rates of compensation allowed to
deputies, and, for their pay was confined to the rev-
enues derived from the department, the cousecjuence
would be, that the deficiency for transportation of
the mails, and under other heads, would be in-
creased. Put the Committee of Ways and Means
t bought I his proviso should be inserted, for the pur-
pose of carrying out the obvious intention of the
legislature at the i.'^t session of CJongress, and that
was, that the declining; compensation of the post-
masters should be met by the Postmaster General,
increasing their compensation in the cases provided
for.
Mr. HOPKINS had but a word or two to say.
It mi^ht he expected that a bill would be very soon
presented fiom the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads on the subject of the. compensation
of the postmasters of the United States. The com-
mittee and the department had felt the importance
of it, and they had substantially agreed to a bill
regulating the compensation of the postmasters, to
relieve the depaitment from the difficulty under
which they now labored on this subject.
Until that wus done he thought it better to leave
this bill in the form in winch it was reported, with
the exception of the proposition of the gentleman
from Georgia, to strike out ihis proviso. If this
proviso was retained in the bill, so far from giving
any compensation to the postmasters, in some of
the most important offices of the Union, you would
actually bring them in debt to the department. He
ventured to say, under the decision of the Attor-
ney General and the rule acted on by the Post
Office Department, the postmasters at Boston,
New York, Philadelphia, ISuw Oilcans, Louis-
ville, and other points, would be actual debtors to
the department, instead of receiving any compen-
sation.
[A voice: ' 'How?"]
It was indispensable, therefore, (continued Mr.
H.) that, until Congress do something, this rule
should continue to apply, without which none can
be prevailed on to accept of these-offices.
He was asked how the postmasters would become
debtors to the department. He answered, that all
the contingent, incidental expenses for clerk-hire,
rent, stationary, &c., were paid out of the com-
missions; and at the offices named they would be
found not only to absorb every cent of the com-
missions, but at some of them to amount to several
thousand dollars more than the total commissions.
Hence he repeated that the commissions, in some
pf the offices, will not be sufficient to pay the con-
tingentcxpensesoftheoffice. He had said before the
law was passed, that such would be the effect of it.
If the proviso in this bill were stricken out, the
service would remain precisely where it is at pres-
ent, and, of course, if an act pass Congress regu-
lating the compensations of postmasters, so much
of this bill would be rendered unnecessary; for
the evil sought to be remedied in this proviso will
be guaided against, and in the better form of law.
Put he hoped the proviso would bo stricken out.
Objectionable as it might be to allow so important
a branch of the public service to depend in so great
a degree upon the decision of two persons, ana de-
sirable as it was to regulate the whole matter by
law, until that was done lie thought it better to
submit to that evil than to the gicat and peivadmg
evil which would arise throughout the whole mail
service of the United Stales, by adopting this pro-
viso, thus causing many postmasters to resign,
many post oilices to be closcd, the letters usually
coming to which would ha\e to be sent ten or
twelve miles further, and the papeis would be stop-
ped; thus causing a reduction m the revenues of
the department, and, with the inability of the de-
paitmentto pay, causing much embarrassment and
much injustice to contractor,&c.
A word or two of conversation ensued between
Mr. PETTIT and Mr. HOPKINS.
Mr. G. W. JONES hoped this proviso would
not be stricken out, or rather that it should be more
explicit in defining the object intended to be accom-
plished by it. That object was, in his opinion,
to overrule and to correct one of the boldest and
most palpable usurpations of the legislative powers
of this country by an executive officer of the Gov-
ernment'.' One of the provisions of the bill of the
last Congress, reducing the rates ofpostage through-
out the country, was, that where the compensation
of the postmasters should be less than $25, the
Postmaster General may increase the compensa-
tion, piovidcd that it should not exceed 50 per
cent, of the revenues of their respective offices.
But here we have the opinion of the Attorney
General of the United States, acted on by the Post-
master General, that they may receive the same
compensation which they received under the for-
mer law of the old rates of postage. What might
not this effect? It might require not only the ag-
gregate amount of receipts for compensation for the
post offices, but it might bring the Government in
debt to the postmasters, in order to pay them the
same compensation received under the former law.
it was not only unauthorized by law, but it was
in direct, palpable violation of law; and he could
not agree for a moment with the gentleman from
Virginia, the chairman of the Committee on the
Post Otlice and Post Roads, [Mr. Hopkins,] that
it was better for us to submit to this, as he con-
ceived, violation of law, than to submit to the de-
rangement of the post office business of the coun-
try. No; let them endeavor to keep themselves
within their own proper sphere, and, as far as they
could, every other department and branch of this
Government within the limits prescribed to it. It
was the duty of the executive officer to execute the
law as made, and not say what the law ought to
be. Toleiate this m this instance, and at the next
time us authority would be quoted as a precedent
for a thing not only not right m itself, but violative
of all principle in its inception.
He could not conceive how the gentleman from
Virginia could bring the postmasters at the larger
places in debt to the Government. If he understood
the matter, the postmasters had a salary fixed by
law; wheie the per cent, would amount to a certain
sum they had a salary m lieu thexeof.
Mr. HOPKINS explained that the gentleman
was wholly mistaken. lie did not remember an
instance in the Union where the postmaster has a
salary. The only limitation is where the commis-
sion exceeds $2,UOO he is limited to that sum; and
it is no salary.
Mr. JONES (resuming) said that amounted to a
salary.
In addition to this, he understood where they
had a commission, that they did not pay for their
office rent, clerk hire, &c. Indeed he found under
this very bill that appropriations were made for
these very objects—$200,000 for clerk hire, $50,000
for miscellaneous, (fee.
Like the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Cobb,]
and the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Hopkins,]
he (Mr. J.) had opposed the passage of the bill at
the last session of Congress, and he thought we
should now increase the rate of postage. If the law
as it now stands would not afford ample compen-
sation for the postmasters in the small and the large
oilices, he would go with this 'House to increase
the rate of compensation. They should be paid,
and paid liberally for their services; but their com-
pensation should be fixed by law, and not be liable
to be increased or reduced by any officer of this
Government. He dwelt upon the evils that would
arise from intrusting the executive officers with
this undue compensation, contending that the sal-
aries of any other officers might with equal pro-
priety be increased, and that this ought promptly
to be repudiated by Congress lest it slfould furnish
a precedent for others.
Mr. BIGGS inquired of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means whether the
amount of the item m this bill of one million dol-
lars compensation to postmasters was estimated
under the construction of the Attorney Gcner'al, or
under what was considered the actual .provision of
the existing law?
Mr. McKAY'S reply was not definitely under-
stood; but he stated that it was shown by docu-
ment No. 97, that the compensation received by
postmasters before this law went into operation
wiis ,033,000—a larger amount by §33,000 than
was proposed under the present bill.
Mr. BIGGS (resuming) said the object of this
proviso then was, to provide against drawing from
the treasury of that which was not properly the
revenue ot the department, any amount beyond
the specific appropriation of one million of dollars
for tho compensation of postmasters. Its effect,
therefore", Would virtually be tor instruct the Post-
master General to limit the compensation of post-
masters to what was considered the true construc-
tion of the bill of the last Congress. He was ut-
terly opposed to giving him such instructions, for
the effect must necessarily be to put down all the
small officcs from one end of the Union to the
other.
Mr. B. complained of the vagueness of terms of
the law of the last session, so that it was extreme-
ly difficult to placc any construction upon it, and
said tho Attorney General, having placed a reason-
able construction upon it so as to carry out in tho
most beneficial manner the object of the law—viz;
the rendering efficient this branch of the service—
should not be complained of as he had been.
The gentleman from Tennessee said the Execu-
tive officers are not to make, but to execute the
law. The difficulty in this case was to ascertain
what the law was: and the Attorney General, in
doing this, had put a sensible, rational construc-
tion upon it.
If this proviso remained, it seemed to him that
it. would be a virtual instruction to the Postmaster
General to change his practice under the present
construction of the law; and that its cffect would
be to abolish a large portion of the small offices of
the country, and confine the mail facilities to the
thoroughfares from city to city. To that he was
utterly opposed.
Mr. JONES interposed, and inquired if the gen-
tleman endorsed the construction of the Attorney
General ?
Mr. BIGGS replied, that, looking at the whole
body of the law, and its object and intent—viz: to
make this department efficient—he considered it to
be a correct construction.
In case this proviso were not stricken out (as he
desired it to be) he should then move an amend-
ment to it, to restore to the deputy postmasters
their franking privilege, which he considered a ne-
cessary inducement "to them to remain in office
after the reduction of their commissions, under
what gentlemen considered the proper construction
of the new law, which reduction this proviso
would have the effect to make.
Mr. SIMS, of South Carolina, thought it much
to be regretted that the law of 1845, making so
