fir*:'- '
1846.
from the European ports of the Kingdom of the Nefhnr-
n6J ie- whether in Dutch or American
ve^&elSj shall be admitted without discriminating dutv uoon
"ef°0tlI« coffee impoited directly from brazil
and other countiie3 where coffee is produced* and tint
much of the act of the thirtieth of August, eighteen hun
dred and Wtwo,-4s imposes a du*ofUrStyIt cent'
p3a)Srem °n W COflEtee> "i* the sai e ^ herebyTrel
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted. That the amount of diq-
??Ktoll?-age dHtiGS levied on Spanish vessels under
{U twn ^rS1,^ t5u?eenth of eighteen hundred and thir-
ty-two, coming from any foreign country, (except those
,? a"d F°r'0 ^C0>) be refunded; and that, from and
tS ho ioP- i"®6 o -1aet>no discriminating tonnage du-
Cuba and^ Pom Seo! 6XCCpt SUCh as co™ from
Mr. Cv J.. 1NGERSOLL moved tostrike out the
first section of the bill.
Mr. I. said the Dutch subject was embraced in
the-general tariff act reported from the Committee
of Ways and Means. There was no occasion,
therefore, for that provision here. AH we wanted
was the second section respecting Spanish tonnage
duties, which, he fluttered himself, would receive
the unanimous sanction of the House.
Mr. WINTHROP rose, and was proceeding in
the course of remark indicated below, when
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL interposed, and de-
sired to say a few words in explanation.
Mr. W1NTHR0P yielding-
Mr. I. said his object on this occasion was to
have nothing to do with the tariff pro or eon. He
was endeavoring, pursuant to the recommendation
of the four last Presidents of the United States-
Presidents Jackson, Van Buren,Tyler, and Polk-
to do an act of simple justice to Spain under our
treaty arrangements with her. It happened that
the_ subject of similar character respecting Java
coffee was provided for in the general tariff bill
reported from the Committee of Ways and Means.
He was therefore willing to puss that over till that
bill came up, so as to get at the Spanish question,
which was a matter of pure justice, and which he
promised himself would meet the unanimous sup-
port of the House.
Mr. WINTHROP (resuming) said ho had his
reasons for pursuing his own course, one of which
was, that when the tariff bill came up, amid the
multitude of other apparently more important ques-
tions which would present them,selves, this might
be passed over without opportunity being afforded
for due consideration.
He regretted that this subject had come upon him
somewhat by surprise. It was one of great im-
portance to the navigating interests of the country,
which he said had been treated for many years punt
with utter and undeserved neglect. He was m fa-
vor of striking out this section from the bill, hut ho
could not consent to have it done silently and with-
out explanation. The same'provision was contain-
ed in the new tariff bill, and might be earned
through hereafter. It was a provision most unjust
to the American ship-owner, and was railed for by
no considerations of treaty stipulation. Mr. W.
then went into a detailed statement as to the legis-
lative and executive action on the subject, and into
the general condition of our trade with the island
of Java. He referred to the discriminating duties
levied in that island, both upon imports anil ex-
ports, against the American merchant, lie spoke
at some length, also, in regard to the discrimina-
ting duties imposed by the British Government in
their East India possessions in favor of their own
navigation. The policy of both the British and
Dutch Governments was to protect their own ship-
ping, and give it the benefit of all the long voyages.
They would give us the little boon of bringing
their products from Holland or England; but they
insisted on bringing them in their own bottoms
from Java and Bengal. This was a wise and pa-
triotic policy on their part, and he only wished that ;
it could be pursued with equal zeal and pel seve-
rance by our own Government. Mr. W. alluded
to the care bestowed by our fathers in the early
days of our history, upon the interests of our nav-
igation, and concluded by wishing that there was
more of information and more of intelligence in
regard to these commercial questions, both m the
legislative and executive departments of the coun-
try at the present day. As the Representative of a
great commercial city, he felt bound to invoke for
fliose interests the attentive consideration of the
MrtiisCt ,
Mr. *S. JONES said, according to the informa-
tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Winthrop,] and of the correctness of it there was
THECONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
767
no doubt, there was an export duty laid upon cof-
fee coming from Java in any vessels other than ves-
sels belonging to the kingdom of the Netherlands,
theteby making a discriminating duty in favor of
their vessels against American and other foreign
vessels of 20 per cent. Ordinarily, he was not in
lavor of retaliatory duties; but in this case he
thought it highly important that we should retain
a discriminating duty against vessels belonging to
the kingdom of the Netherlands. He desired that
this section should not pass in its present form,
but to see it so amended as to protect American
ships against the discriminating duty charged by
the Netherlands in favor of their own ships'
He.raov"ed an amendment, to strike out, in the
fifth line, the words " whcthci in Dutch or," and
to add, at the close of the section, " so far as re-
' gards Dutch coffee exported in American ves-
1 sels," so as to continue the discriminating duty
entirely in favor of American vessels, and placing
them entirely on the same footing Dutch vessels are
placed on by their own Government. He had ex-
pected that a motion of that sort would have come
from the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. DROMGOOLE interposed, and, remarking
that there was tin important question of privilege
which had arisen, requested Mr. Jones to give
way to a motion that the committee rise.
Mr. JONES, still retaining his right to the floor,
yielded for this purpose.
And on motion of Mr. DROMGOOLE, the com-
mittee rose and reported.
QUESTION OF PRIVILEGE.
Mr. DROMGOOLE rose to a question of priv-
ilege.
Ho had been informed, (he said,) on authority
which he could not question, that a colleague of
his had received a stibpuna to attend a court of '
justice in this District. His colleague had no oh- 1
jcction to attend. Hut he (Mr. D.) wished the
iiousc to decide the question of privilege, inas-
much as it had, he understood, been discussed in
court. The Manual, under the head of Privilege,
at pn'je 122, held the following language:
"The privilege of a member islhc privilege of
' the House, If the member waive it without
( leave, it i* a ground fur punishing him, but enn-
' not in effect waive the privilege of the House."
Thus (eonlinued Mr. D.) my colleague, (and
there are others in the same situation,) if lie waives
this privilege—-(which privilege is to attend here)
—mid goes off to attend a court in any State or
Territory, or even in this District, and thereby
goes from the service of the House, subjects him-
self to punishment. I have already said that my
colleague (whom 1 may be permitted to name, Mr.
Hopkins) has no objections to attend. But he
denii'es that the House should express its permis-
sion, and grant him, arid others, who have been or
may lie, snbpiemicd, (all of whom 1 do not know,)
leave to attend. The, words of the Constitution are:
" They [members] shall in ail cases, except trea-
' son, felony, and breach of the peace, be priv ileged
' from arrest, during their attendance at the sessTon
• of their respective Houses, and in going to or rc-
j ' turning from the same."
Mr. Jefferson, in his Manual,gives his interpre-
tation of the constitutional privilege, from airest,
and which he says is an exemption even from the
service of a stibpa-na, and he assigns the reason.
He says:
" This privilege from arrest, privileges of course
' against all process the disobedience of which is
' punishable by an attachment of the person; as a
' subpo'iia ad respondendum, or testificandum, or
' a summons on a jury; and with reason; because
' a member has superior duties to perform in an-
' other place. [When a Representative is withdrawn
'from his seat by summons, the forty thousand
' people whom he represents lose their voice in de-
' bate and vote, as they do on his voluntary ab-
< sence; when a Senator is withdrawn by summons
' his State loses half its voice in debate and vote,
' as it does oil his voluntary absence. The enor-
' mous disparity of evil admits no comparison."]
I therefore, (continued Mr. D.,) propose to move
a general lesolution, that any member who has been,
or may be, subpoumcd to attend the circuit court,
during its present term, shall have the leave of the
House to do so.
Mr. WINTHROP desired to suggest to the hon-
orable member from Virginia the propriety of add-
ing the words, "if they think fit to do so," or other
words to that effect. Mr. W. said that this was
not a new subject to him. He had himself come
very near to being involved in a collision with the
judicial authorities of this District on a point of
this kind four years ago. He had then examined
| the subject carefully m relation to his own duties
! and his own rights as a member of the House; and
he had come to the conclusion that there was no
power in any judicial tribunal in the land to com-
pel the attendance of a member of Congress, for the
purpose of giving testimony. He was for assert-
ing our privilege on this subject to the fullest ex-
tent, and for using no phraseology which should
leave that assertion in any degree doubtful. It was
a privilege of our constituents, as well as of our-
1 selves. If they might be deprived of their Repre-
sentative here by judicial process at one moment,
| they might be at another. A Representative might
| be withdrawn from his place when questions of
j the gravest importance—of peace and war, of tariff
i or finance—were depending for their decision upon
his single vote. Nothing could be more dangerous
to the interests of the people than the admission of
such a power, and lie hoped the House would re-
sist its exercise on all occasions.
Mr. DROMGOOLE could see no necessity, he
said, for the modification. But he concurred folly
with his ft-iend from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wiw-
Timor,] that the courts of the District could net
dissolve Congress, for that was the whole amount
of the matter. If they could subpeena one member,
( they could subpeena both branches of Congress,
and thus, for all practical purposes, dissolve Con-
! gross itself. All the House could do was to give
j leave to its members to attend, so as to absolve
them from punishment. They could not compel
them to attend. The question,he understood, had
1 been argued for several days in the court here, but
what the decision was he did not know.
Mr. G. J. liNtiliRSOLL (whom it was impos-
sible to hear with any accuracy) was understood
to refer to a ease which had oci urred several years
ago, where he had been robbed of his watch, and
in which the mini charged with the theft had been
nroseeutcd and tried in Alexandria. He (Mr. i.)
had been subpo'iuied. A question had been raised
before the court whether he would not lie com-
pelled to attend and gi\ellis testimony, notwith-
standing his duties here. He did not speak with
entire certainty, but he rather thought the result
was that he must attend. Mr. Fendall, who was at
the time pi osccuting attorney, had treated him with
great courtesy, and his testimony was finally taken
by deposition. He had risen merely to state this
fact, and to suggest to the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Dromgoole] that any resolution of this
kind should be worded with great caution. It was
not a personal, but a public business; and ho (Mr.
1.) submitted that great care should be taken in the
adoption of any such proposition.
The SPEAKER. The resolution, as framed by
the Clerk, in obedience to the suggestion of the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Dromooolk,] will
now be read.
The resolution was read as follows :
Resolved, That any member of this House who
has been or may be summoned to attend as a wit-'
ness before, the circuit court of the United States
for the Distnct of Columbia, now sitting in the
city of Washington, has the leave of this House
during the present session to attend as a witness
ill «iid court, if he shall think proper to do so.
Mr. TIIOMASSON was understood to say that
he \vt\s not prepared to vote for the resolution,
and ho was unwilling to vote againstit. His mind
was not entirely satisfied as to the correctness of
the position taken in it. He did not apprehend
that there was any fear of a collision between Can-
gross and the courts of the District, and the cases
which had been citcd by gentlemen who had prc-
cedi d him had convinced him that some impro-
priety might result from the resolution, although
it was somewhat negative in its character. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ikoersoi i}
had been robbed of his watch at his boarding-
house; and if he had not chosen to appear against
the individual, was there to be no power in the law
to punish that individual or to compel the attend
ance ot witnesses? The most hardened villain
might m this way go unpunished. It seemed to
him that this was a declaration of authority and
power that would not readily be assented to
right?o?tLnHous!?r °f a"y e"CTOach™« on the
