768
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.May 6.
Mr. GORDON made a remark or suggestion,
of which the reporter did not hear a word.
Mr. SIMS, of South Carolina, said that this case
vas not anew one, nor was the controversy be-
tween the privileges of a member of Congress and
the courts of law a new controversy. He was
understood [though scarccly heard, there was so^
much confusion in the Hall] to refer to the case oi
Thomas Cooper, which occurred whilst Congress
was in session at Philadelphia. Under the law
then existing, the tiuth of the libel upon the Pres-
ident or any public olFicor might be given m evi-
dence. Mcmbeis of Congress, as well as the
President, were summoned. Judge Chase, as well
as the district judge who sat on the trial, decided
that Mr. Cooper was not entitled to compulsory
■pioeess against members of Congress. The court
decided Unit such process would be incompatible
with the interpretation of the privilege of mem-
bers, as given by Mr. Jefferson in the Manual.
> 'o member had a right to waive his own priv-
ilege, because it was the privilege of the House,
]Nor was this a personal privilege; it was the priv-
ilege of the constituency. The House, conse-
quently, ought not to waive it. lie was theiefore
opposed to the resolution, not on the ground staled
by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Thomas-
son,] but on the ground that as this was not a per-
sonal privilege, the House hud no right to waive
it. lie hoped the resolution would not be adopted.
Mr. McUAUGllEY was undei stood to say that
he thought the objection raised by the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. TiiomassonJ was not appli-
cable to the cose. If the speeches of the gentle-
man from Virginia and the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts were embodied in the resolution, he
(Mr. McG.) thought he should vote against H.
15iit all that the resolution pioposed was, that if
these gentlemen desired to attend court, they might,
so far as tins House was concerned, do so. It
was ineiely grunting them leave to attend, thus
fleeing them iiom any punishment for non-attend-
ance on their duties heie. Jiy the adoption of the
resolution the House did not decide the question
of pnvilege—-not at all. Jt was merely telling cer-
tain members that they might do as they pleased
in the premises, and that this House would not
punish them for their absence, if they chose to at-
tend the court.
Mr. 1&AA.C E. HOLMES said he was decided-
ly opposed to the adoption of the resolution. It was
extremely unsafe for this House to legislate, in tins
summary manner, on general principles. W hat was
the amount of the resolution.' It was conceded by
the gentleman himself, that the member was not, by
any compulsory process, liable to be carried to
court. On that score, therefore, no danger was to
be apprehended
liut a question of some difficulty, in connexion
with the resolution, piesenit'd itself to hi.; mnid.
fcuppo.se the tariff bill should be taken up—a billon
which he believed a goodly number of the mem-
bers of this House would, if tlu-y could, avoid vo-
ting Under the geueial piivilege thus granted,
without any exception, lo atiusd the circuit court,
which might sit heie for some \v eeks to come, gen-
tlemen might get out summary process upon any
subject foi the puiposc ol exempting themselves
iiom then: attendance here, and avoiding the hoiri-
bie and stringent rule of the yeas and nays. If,
having subjected himself to tin* process of court,
he should be sent for by means of the Serjeant-at-
Arms?, what would be done? The Huuse would not
punish him, if satisfied it was to subserve the pur-
poses of justice, but would let the court suspend
its pioceedmgs till this House should have prose-
cuted its business. In the one case great injury
nnghtbedone by the resolution—m the other, theie
might be no result from letting things remain m
slalu quo. The privileges of the House were thus
a wall of fire beyond which the courts could not
pass; but to relax their own privileges might en-
able members, if they chose, to avoid voting on an
important bill. The House should not, when so
iirave a subject was pending, adopt any resolution
vlnch might enable a membei to avoid his respon-
sibility to the Constitution under the influence of a
subpoena.
Mr. VINTON said, he was disposed to give the
privilege asked by this resolution: but he did not
think it should be given m such form as to waive
any of the admitted privileges of the House. Nor
did he understand that the gentleman ftom "Vir-
ginia [Mr. UiioMoooLii] intended to waive any; the
difficulty with the resolution was this—that in the
shape in which it was proposed, it carried with it
an admission that the court had a right to subpeena
a member.
Mr. DROMGOOLE (interposing) was under-
stood to say: I ask the gentleman to permit the res-
olution to be read, and thus see what are its quali-
fications. I am the last man that will ever yield
any of the privileges of this House.
The resolution having been again read—
Mr. VINTON proceeded. He was about to
remark, when interrupted by the gentleman from
Virginia, that the privileges of the" House seemed
to be well defined and specifically laid down by
Mr. Jefferson in his Manual. In the first place,
one of them was that no member should bo sum-
moned, cited, or arrested in his own case. Another
was, that no member should be summoned as a
witness. Tf, then, that was one of the privileges
of the House, this resolution, it seemed to him,
should be so shaped as that the court should have
leave to summon them.
Mr. DROMGOOLE (turning to Mr. Vinton)
made a remark of which not a word was heard by
the reporter. ,
Mr. BURT was understood to make a sugges-
tion fnr a modification of the resolution, but noth-
ing of it was heard by the reporter.
Mr. A. D. SIMS suggested that instead of any-
thing being said in the resolution about the court,
the House should simply grant leave of absence to
those who wished to attend it.
Mr. VINTON said he would send the Manual
to the Clerk's table to be read, so that members
might understand what the privileges of the House
were. All he desired was that the resolution
should be put into such a form that the House
shall not waive its privileges, whilst, at the same
tune, those members whose testimony was needed
might be permitted to go and give it. He thought
the gentleman from Virginia was mistaken in sup-
posing that the court had any power to summon
anv member here.
The Clerk then read the following passage from
the Manual:
" The privileges of members of Parliament, from
' small and obscure beginnings, have been advan-
' cing for centuries with a firm and never yielding
' pace. Claims seem to have been brought for-
' ward from time to time, and repeated, till some
' example of their admission enabled them to build
* law on that example. We can only therefore
' state the points of progression at which they now
{ are. It is now acknowledged, 1st. That tlicy arc
' at all times exempted from question elsewhere for
' anything said in their own Ilnuse; that during the
'time of privilege, 2d. Neither a member himself,
' his wife, or his servants, (familiares sui,) for any
' matter of their own, may be arrested on mesne
' process, in any civil suit; 3d. Nor be detained
4 under execution, though levied before time of
f privilege; 4th. Nor impleaded, cited, or subpcc-
< lined in any court; 5th. Nor summoned as a wit-
* ness or juror; Gth. Nor may their lands or goods
'be distrained; 7th. Nor their persons assaulted
4 or characters traduced. And the period of time
4 covered by privilege, before and after the session,
i with the practice of short prorogations under the
i connivance of the crown, amounts in fact to a
' perpetual protection against the course of jus-
' lice."
Mr. VINTON reuivncd. He did not wish to
interfere with the resolution. It was his desire if
the court wished the attendance of any members of
this House, that they should have the privilege to
attend if they thought proper so to do. All he de-
sired was again to suggest to the gentleman from
Virginia, or those members having any charge of
this matter, to put the resolution in such a form as
that it should waive none of the privileges of this
House.
Mr. DROMGOOLE. I give the gentleman per-
mission to modify the resolution. I hope he will
do so,
Mr. VINTON declined to take charge of it. He
merely proposed that the House should, adhere to
its privileges as defined in the Manual, and should
yield none of them.
Mr. GORDON suggested that the best thing the
House could do, would be to grant leave of absence
to those members who desired to attend the court.
This was all the House could do. And after that
leave had been granted, the member might refuse
to attend—for such, after all, was his privilege, the
privilege of his constituents. It would he a mere
leave of absence of which the member might avail
himself or not, as he pleased, lie (Mr. Gr.) thought
there was no necessity for the adoption of the res-
olution. It was a high public duty to attend court
on a subpeena; and a member eould, if he chose,
unquestionably go, and the House would never"*
punish him for his absence without leave, any more
than it punished members who went home to see
their families without leave. A member could go
to court without asking leave, and no harm would
be done. If, however, he had any scruple about
it, he might ask leave, or get a friend to do so. He
(Mr. Gr.) moved that the resolution be laid on the
table. 4
Mr. ADAMS rose and addressed the chair.8
The SPEAKER said the motion to lay on the
tabic was not debatable.
Mr. GORDON persisted in his motion.
Mr. ADAMS wished the resolution modified.
Mr. DROMGOOLE. Deeming this an impor-
tant question, and not wishing thus to get rid of it,
I ask the yeas and nay s on the motion to lay on
the tabic; which were ordered.
Tlio question, " Shall this resolution be laid on
the table ?" was then taken,and decided in the neg-
ative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atkinson, James A. Black, Boyd, Brock-
enhrough, Brodticad, Chnso, Clarke, Constable, Cullom,
Lie Mott, Dillingham, Dobbin, Faran, Fries, Garvin, Gor-
don, llarnmnson, Henley, Hose, Eltas B. Holmes, James
B. Hunt, Hunter, Joseph R. IngersolL Andrew Johnson,
Gooige W. Jones, ftoib, MeClean, Barfcley Martin, Moirls,
Monlton, Nivcn, Norris, Parrinb, Sawyer, Alexander IX
Sims, Leonard H. Sims, Simpson, Thomas Smith, Thomas-
sou, Jacob Thompson, Tibbatts, Tilden, Wlieaton, and
Yell—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, John (luincy Adams, Anderson,
Arnold, Baker, Bamnger, Bayly, Bell, Benton, Biggs-,
James Black, Bowlin, BrmkcrhotT, William G. Brown,
Butlmston, Buit, John H. Campbell, Carrol), Cathcart,
Augustus A. Chapman, Cooke, Ctanston, Croxier, Culver,
Daniel, Darrajjh, Jelleison Davie, Delano, Dromgoolo, Dun-
lap, Edsall, Erdman, John II. Ewinis, Edwin H. Kwi'ng,
Pieklin, Foot, Gentry, Giddinga, Goodyear, Graham, Grin-
nell. Grover, (Ianilm, Hampton, Haralson, Harper, lierrick,
l^aac E. Holmes, Hopkins, Houjrh, Joha W. Houston,
Edmund W. Ilubard, Samuel D. Hubbard, Hudson, T!mi-
gorford, Charles J. Ingersoll, Joseph Johnson, Seaborn
Jones, Daniel P. King, La Sere, Lewis, Ligon, Lour,
Lumpkin, Maelay, McClelland, McConneJl, McGanghey,
McHenrv,' Mclltfaine, McKay, Marsh, John P. Martin,
Miller, Ifroseley, Owen, Payne, Pendleton, Pert))), Phelps,
Pollock, Price, Ramsey, Rc'id, Hitter, John A. Rockwell,
Root, Sawfelle, Seammon, Sehcncfe. Severance, Truman
Smith, Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Starkweather, Ste-
phens, Stewart. St. John, Strolun, Strong, Sykes, Tbibo-
dcaux, Benjamin Thompson, Thurman, Toombs Trumbo,
Vance, Vmton, WenLworth, Wick, Wilmot, Wmthrop,
Woodruff, Woodward, Yancey, Young, and Yost—117.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
And the question recurring on its adoption,
Mr. HUNTER moved to amend it by adding
thereto the following proviso:
"Provided, That this shall not bo considered as
* a waiver of the privileges of this House, or as an
' admission of a right in the courts of law to arrest
' its members, except for treason, felony, or breach
* of the peace, during the. session of the House, or
' to issue process against them during such ses-
' sion, when a disobedience to such process would
' be punishable by an attachment of the person;
' nor shall this resolution be construed into an or-
4 der to any of its members to attend under any
' subpoena or summons, should he object to do
* so."
Mr. ADAMS (who was not in his scat at the
moment Mr. Dromgoole introduced his resolu-
tion) now inquired of the Speaker how it had
come before the House?
The SPEAKER explained.
Mr. ADAMS. Is the gentleman who offered
the resolution the member to whom the subpeena
has been issued by the court ?
Mr. DROMGOOLE explained.
Mr. CONSTABLE desired to inquire whether
the gentleman from Virginia had the authority of
other members to ask a similar waiver ? Was it
done by their request ? and Who were they ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DROMGOOLE. I hope the gentleman will
allow me to reply to the question.
Mr. ADAMS. Certainly.
, Mr. CONSTABLE said, the question he desir-
| ed to have answered was this: who had been sub-
; pcenaed ?—and did they desire the privilege asked?
! Because (he was understood to say) if stripped of
j their privilege, the court might seize them,
j Mr. DROMGOOLE. When gentlemen ask me
