THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ED_ANB PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 1st Session.
if any other member has asked for a privilege, I
mean to say that I have moved for no privilege,
except the simple privilege of, absence to attend
court, if gentlemen choose to avail themselves of
it. 1 he resolution does not exempt them from the
«uty of attending the House if they prefer it; and,
by looking to the terms of the resolution, the gen-
tleman will find that it is so. My simple proposi-
tion was, that the House should grant leave to my
colleague, whom I thought it better to mention,
jMr. Hopkins;] and I referred to others as being
in the same position, But we waive no privilege.
The resolution imposes no obligation upon them
to attend court, nor will it bear any such construc-
tion. Therefore, I think there is no necessity for
the proviso.
Mr. CONSTABLE. I understand, then, that
the gentleman offers the resolution in behalf of one
of his colleagues only.
The SPKAKER. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. CONSTABLE. I would like to know if
there are any other members. I hope the mem-
bers themselves will state 
•The SPEAKER again interposed.
And Mr. ADAMS took the door. Tie said he
thought the matter was one of great importance, as
involving, first, the privileges of the members of
this House; and, secondly, the powers of the courts
of justice. He hoped that no collision would be
produced between these two institutions or estab-
lishments of our country.
The resolution was a general resolution, to ope-
rate during the present session upon all the mem-
bers of the House. It seemed to him to be fur
more extensive than was neoeesary to meet the
case. This was an exceedingly delicate question
for the House to decide. On the one hand were
privileges which were a departure from the com-
mon law of the country in favor of members of the
House—not for their own advantage, but for the
advantage of the country whose interests they
represented. On the other hand, the sacred power
of the courts of justice to summon witnesses be-
fore them, was equally important to tlie liberties
of the country and-to all its rights and iiHei'iistd.
That about which he was most anxious was, that
there should be no collision between these two
great bodies—the Representatives of the, people
on the one hand, and the courts of justicc on the
other.
For his own part, he should object to any gen-
eral resolution. He should wish to recur to the
practices heretofore of the British Parliament, from
which our institutions, in this respcct, had their
origin, not for the purpose of considering any of
these privileges, in relation to the, British Parlia-
ment, as having any application here, hut because
the practice, as there established, was a good source,
to consult as to the mode of proceeding in such
cases.
The general principle was, that a member w as
exempted from arrest, even for the purpose of
being summoned before a court of justice. But,
in the first place, he held that no member was
bound to claim that privilege; and if he could at-
tend as a witness on a summons or subpoena, he
might do so if he pleased. He was not hound to
calf upon the House to protect him oil the seme of
privilege. He might attend if he thought proper,
without violating his duty to himself. And he
(Mr. A.) had had his own experience in this mat-
ter. He had received summonses from tins very
court, by regular process, to attend, first the grand
jury, and then the court itself; and he had never
thought it worth while to trouble the House about
it, or to take advantage of his privilege. Ho had
readily attended, as if he had no privilege. And
this was what he thought every member should
do unless he had some special reason for avoiding
attendance. If he had, without inquiring into the
merits of the case, he (Mr. A.) took it to be the
duty of the member to state the fact that he had
been summoned, and to ask the action of the
House,either to protect him, or to give lumper-
mission to attend. This was the proper course.
He held that no member was bound, by any rule
49
TUESDAY, MAY 12, 1846.
New Series....No. 49.
or principle, to claim privilege, unless he had a I
reasonforit. He mightattend withoutmaking any !
question at all. But if he chose to claim the priv-
ilege, he (Mr. A.) took it to be his duty to lay ]
before the House the question itself, and not to in- !
troduce a general resolution. Permission of attend- |
ance of a member before a court of justice was a :
special privilege, which ought to be granted in |
every case by the House, if he chose to attend, j
He was under no obligation. I-Jc might ask per- j
mission to absent himself from Ins duties on that j
account, as he might ask to be protected against J
the duty of attending by his privilege; and that was !
precisely what he thought ought to be done in the j
present ease. j
At all events, ho, believed that the resolution j
should not in its present form he adopted. He !
had voted Against laying it on the table, because j
there was no use in laying it on the table, as any ;
of the members summoned in this way had the !
right to call upon the 1 louse, to state the fact of
their being summoned, and to nsk permission to j
attend, or protection from arrest. For he took it ;
for granted that if there was no interfrienc.c of the ;
House, and member* did not attend the court on
process served, there would arise a very grave j
question, whether the privileges of the Constiiu- j
tton would save him from arrest for refusal to at- |
tend. That was a privilege of the eour!; belonging :
to their power of summoning witnesses, and com- i
polling their attendance. The courts were obliged
to issue process-, it was not discretionary with !
them. They might not know whether u person '
was a member of this House or not. A member, j,
if summoned, might go Ix-fore the court, and plead i'
his privilege, and the court would decide aeeowl- j.
ingly. Hut if a member summoned did not attend, I
he took it for granted that the next step was to j,
order his arrest, and, in case of refusal, to put lum ;
in prison. That was the practice in England; and
although he did not know that any such case had .
occurred here, he took it for granted that this very j,
thing might occur. ■(
Mr, DROMUOOLE here desired Mr. Arams to
allow him to interrupt him for a moment. The
gentleman had stated that the court might order a
subpmna to he issued without knowing whether
the party was a member of the House. Now, I
way (remarked Mr. 1).) that it is at their peril to
take notice whether the person is a member of the
House or not.
Mr. ADAMS, Where is that law ?
Mr. DROMGOOLE. it is in the Manual,
whioh, on your own motion, was adopted as the
rules and regulations of this House; and of whieh
thousands of copies, on your motion, were printed.
I remember it well; it was not very long after \ be-
came a member of this body.
[The passage in the Manual is as follows:
" Every man must at his peril take notice who
are members of either House returned of record."
Mr. ADA.MS said In: had not moved the Man-
ual as the mles of this House, for the purpose of
making any portion of the iaw of the British Par- j
Iiament the law of this House. The privileges, j
most especially, of the members of the British I
House of Commons were not the laws of this j
country, and God forbid they ever should be. The !
gentleman would find that the Manual itself bore j;
testimony to the enormous excesses of the British f
Parliament on this subject of privileges, and that
those privileges had, from time to time, been cut
down. But the gentleman was mistaken in sup-
posing that the Manual was adopted as the law of
the House on his (Mr. A.'s) motion.
Mr. DROMGOOLE here explained, that, on
reflection, he believed that the Manual had been
adopted as the law of the House on the motion of
a former colleague of his own, [Mr. Mercer, of Vir-
ginia;] but that he could not be mistaken as to the
fact that a great many copies had been printed on
the motionof the gentleman from Massachusetts,
thus showing his concurrence.
Mr. ADAMS referred to the part he had taken
as a member of committees to revise the rules, but
declared that he had never considered any portion
of the Manual to be in force here, otherwise than
; as applied on rules of reason, justice, and liber-
! ality.
i A brief conversation followed between Messrs.
j ADAMS and DROMGOOLE.
| Mr. ADAMS then proceeded to remark, that a
| member of the House, claiming privilege to pro-
j tect him from the obligations of a witness, ought,
! in his (Mr. A.'s) judgment, to have very substan-
' tial reasons for it. His first duty was, if he could
j attend without neglecting his other duties, to do so,
! without saying a word. And he waived no privi-
! lege by so doing. But he (Mr. A.^ also believed
' that no member ought to claim a privilege here but
, by himself, and not by a friend. The practice in
, the British Commons was, whenever a member
was summoned, he asked the privilege to absent
himself long enough to permit his attendance. And
! this was what he believed ought to be the question
j now.
Mr. BU RT (Mr. A. yielding) here offered a sub-
stitute for the resolution, and which was read as
, follows:
u This House having been informed that Mr.
I ' Hopkins, one of its members, has been served
1 with the process of the Circuit Court of the Uni-
4 ted States, now sitting in this city, to attend as a
! 4 witness in a criminal proceeding pending in that
{ court:
" Resolved, That Mr. Hopkins have the leave of
' this House to attend said court.5'
Mr. ADAMS said he should cheerfully vote for
this substitute. 1 [e thought it proposed the proper
course, and would obviate all difficulty between the
House and the court, unless the gentleman from
Vtrginia [Mr. Hopkins] wished to be protected by
his privilege from the duty of attending. If so,
he hoped the gentleman himself would put in that
1 Mr! JOHN IT. EWING gave notice of an
amendment which he desired at the proper time to
oiler to the substitutcof the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Bnrr.J It was read as follows:
" That while this House cannot recognise the
4 right, of the courts of law to issue subpeena for
' the attendance of any of its members as witness-
' es, it leaves to the discretion of those whose at-
i tendance may be required at the circuit court
' now holding m this city, the privilege to give their
' attendance if they think proper.5*
Mr. E. said he disapproved the substitute, be-
cause it would appear to recognise the right of the
court to issue the subpomas The resolution stated
that a subprnna had been already served on a mem-
ber, and leave was to be granted to him to attend,
lie (Mr. E.) was not willing to recognise this
right.
Mr. CONSTABLE gave notice of the following
amendment:
" Prodded, That nothing herein contained shall
' be so construed by the said circuit court as to au-
4 thorixe or empower it to compel, by subpoena,
'attachment, or otherwise, the attendance of any
' member of this House as a witness, except in
1 case of treason, felony, and breach of the peace."
Mr. HENLEY demanded the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. THOMAS SMITH moved that the whole
subject be laid on the table; which motion was
rtjeclrd.
And the question recurring on the demand for
the previous question, there was a second.
And the main question was ordered.
The SPEAKER announced the main question
to be on the substitute of Mr. Burt.
And the vote being taken, stood; Ayes 76, noes
44.
So the substitute of Mr. Burt was adopted.
And the original resolution, thus amended, was
adopted.
DEFICIENCIES IN APPROPRIATIONS.
A message was received from the Senate, by A.
Dickens, Esq., Secretary, informing the House
that the Senate had receded from their fourth
amendment to the bill entitled " An act to supply
{deficiencies in the appropriations for certain ob-
' jeets made for the service of the fiscal year end-
