770
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
< ing 30th June, 1846," and had concurred in the j
amendment of the House of Representatives to the j
eighth amendment, and that they insisted on the ;
third and ninth amendments to scud bili. j
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House proceed- :
ed to the consideration of the paid third and ninth |
amendments. , j
The third amendment appropriates  2,2;>0 to pay j
Dr. Jones. . . j
Mr. McKAY moved that the House insist on
itF disagreement.
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved to recede. \
The House refused to recede. j
And determined to insist. |
The ninth amendment was the appropriation of \
$1G,000 for arrears of expenses of the Legislative '
Assembly of Florida. i
Mr. McKAY moved that the House insist on if<?
disagreement. 1
Mr. BROCKENBROUGM moved to recede. j
The House refused to recede. \
And determined to insist.
The bill was then a^ain sent to the Senate. '
And after some time, a message was received
from that body, stating that it had receded from \
these two amendments. 1
So the bill has finally passed both Houses. ;
The following messages from the President were .
laid before the House:
To the House of Rcyrresentativo::
I transmit herewith a repoif of the Secretary of £tnte,
with accompanying papers in Answer to the isolation of
the House of iCepiesentatives of the 8th ultimo, i equating
the President to communicate to that bod\, if not incompat-
ible with the public interest, copies of the eone^mwlenee of
George William Gordon, lata Consul of the United States at
ttiode Jimeno, with the I) •paitmentof ^fare, lelarnig to the
f-liive trade, in vessels and l>v eiti7on« of the United StattN,
between the coast of Africa and Brazil.
JAMES K. POLK.
Washington, May 6th} 1816.
Laid on the table.
To the House of Representative*:
I transmit herewith a leport of the Seerctaiy of War, ui
answer to the resolution ol the Hou-e ot Jleprexentatives of
the 4th instant, calling for mtormation u whether any sol-
' dicr or soldiers of the army of the United States have been
' shot for desertion, or m the act of desei ting; and if so, by
£ whose order, and under what authority ?' *
JAMES K, TOLK.
Washington, May 6.1848.
Laid on the table, and ordered to bo printed.
To the Ilotv-e of Rcprewntutivi"}:
I transmit herewith reports of the Secretaries of Wai and
of the Treasury, with additionafpapers, relative to the damn
of certain Chickasaw Indian*, which, with ilio.-c beictofore
communicated to Congre.-K, contain all the inloimation
called for by the resolution of the Jiou-e of Rcpies- ntiUives .
of the 19th December la-t. JAM US K. POMv.
Washington, May 6,184G.
JAVA COFFEE AMD SPANISH VESSELS.
The House again resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole oh the state of the Union, (Mr. Royd,
of Kentucky, in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the hill to repeal that part of the act
of the 30th August, 1842, which imposes a duty of
twenty per cent, ad valorem on Java coffee, and to
refund the discriminating tonnage duties levied on
Spanish vessels? (except those from Cuba and Porto
Rico) by the act of the 13th .Tuly, 18IS-J.
Mr. SEABORN JONES resumed the door, and,
observing that in consequence of the excitement :
which had prevailed in the House upon the rjucs- ;
tion of privilege, he feared that what he was say- j
ing when interrupted might not. be recollected, re- I
capitulated his remarks, and caused to be again ;
read his amendment, and tho section as it. would |
stand in case the amendment were adopted, and !
entered into some further explanations to show ,
that the object of his amendment was to place the |
American vessels on the same footing with those :
of the Dutch. It would be recollected (he said) 1
that all the coffee taken by Dutch vessels is car- ,
ried first to the Netherlands, for they are thereby
relieved from the duty of twenty per cent, which
is imposed on other vessels. Then it is broucht
from the Netherlands to the United States, either
by vessels of the United States or Dutch vessels
The operation of this law was to give to Dutch
vessels almost the entire privilege of carrying coffee
from Java to the Netherlands; and it is reasonable
to suppose that, having enjoyed this prior advan-
tage, the Dutch vessels will bring it from there to
the United States also. His object was to place
the ships of the United States precisely on the
same footing of the ships of the Netherlands.
That was the reason why he had said that he had
expected a motion of this kind to come from the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Winthrop,]
as a Representative of the shipping interest.
Mr. C. J. 1NGERSOLL (very indistinctly heard)
was understood to say that this whole subject was
provided for in the general tariff bill reported from
the Committee of Ways and Means. There was
no occasion for it here, therefore. And he begged
leave to repeat that his sole object at present was
to do an act of justice to Spain, which had been
recommended by successive Presidents, and which
he thought the House would see the necessity of
doing if they would listen to the reading of a page
or two of the report of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
He sent up to the Clerk's table, where extracts
from them were successively read, the report of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs on this subject,
the message of General jackson in 1833, of Presi-
dent Polk at the commencement of the present
session, and the last report of the Register of tho
Treasury, showing the aggiegate amount of duties
thus irregularly collected from 1832 to 1845 to be
515,857.
Mr. HOLMES said the honorable gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ini.khsoi.i.,] who re-
ported this very bill, moved to strike out this
clause, and gave as a reason not only that it would
save time, but that when the general tariff bill
conies up it would be acted on. He would be
glad to have the gentleman assure him that when
that tariff bill came up he [Mr. 1,] would vote for
it. If so, Mr. H. would not consume the time of
the committee by sayine; another word at present.
And he asked that gentleman when the tariff bill
conies up with that clause in it, whether they could
depend on his vote in favor of it.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL. You may depend on
my vote for this clause. I sustained it in 1812,
and will suslain it again. As to the general fea-
tures of the tariff bill, I will reserve myself until
that day conies.
Mr. HOLMES. That is what I expectcd. And
it shows the impropriety of the friends of this
clause suffering it to be stricken out of this bill.
Because, to say the least—though perhaps I am
wrong in having tiny doubt about it—some peo-
ple are incredulous as to the tariff bill passing; and
if it should not pass, this clause will not pass. I
am sorry I should suggest any doubt as to the
fate of the tariff bill, inasmuch as the whole De-
mocratic party by the Baltimore Convention, and
by the last camnns, aic pledged to the repeal of
the tariff of 181:2.
Mr. J. R. INtrERSOIX interposed, and (Mr.
II. yielding the floor) after some allusion (as was
understood) to the position of the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs in relation to this
clause, begged the gentleman from South Carolina
to accept of the assurance that every Democrat from
Pennsylvania would oppose the tariff bill reported
from tho Committee of ways and Means.
Mr. HOLMES. Still that shows the propriety
of our prcsei ring in this bill this clause. Although
he did not doubt that the Pennsylvania Democrats,
perhaps with the exception of tho gentleman—[the
reporter is not confident to whom this allusion was
made]—will come up to the pledges of the Baltimore
Convention, s'ill this clause should he allowed to
remain in this bill.
Mr. BllODIJEAD rose and (Mr. H. yielding)
said the gentleman from South Carolina seemed to
be \ cry familiar with the proceedings of the Balti-
more Convention. He would like to have him say
what were the pledges of that convention on the.
subject of Oregon '
Sir. HOLMES replied, whenever the Oregon
question came up on 49°, he would answer the
gentleman; but having beat back so successfully
this bellicose party, lie did not deem it important
to say a word about Oregon now.
But (continued Mr. H.) this question is one of
very great importance. If we should not carry the
tariff, which I scmcc.ly doubt 
Mr. C. .T. INGERSOLL (in his seat.) Do you
doubt at all ? 
As a matter of excessive caution (continued Mr.
H.) if we should lose the whole, let us get a part
now. I hope my friend will not be so ungracious
as to strike out a part of his own bill, which he
admits to be salutary 
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL. Very good. I should
like to have it become a law.
Now there is no objection to its remaining, (con-
tinued Mr. H.;) because if the tariff bill passes
there will be no necessity for it; if not, this stands
in full force.
But (Mr. H. proceeded to say) what arte the ob-
jections to it, supposing that the tariff bill do not
pass? The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Wi.vTiiROp] gravely gets up, skilled as he is, arid
eminently skilled in the knowledge of the commer-
cial advantages guarantied to his portion of the
country by the Constitution of the United States,
and the laws passed under it, of the monopoly of
the whole domestic tonnage of the country, inclu-
ding the whole transit from port to port, extend-
ingfrom tho St. Johns, on the boundary between
us and Canada, down to the Del'Norte, or the sep-
arating line between us and Mexico, with discrim-
inating duties in favor of that very tonnage, with
fishing bounties of §240 per annum on every vessel
that goes out, and likewise with the bounties of
salt. With all these facts in view, he gravely gets
up and declares that the navigating interests of the
country have been more neglected than any other,
and opposes a very small boon to the southern
section of the countiy contained in this bill, on the
ground that these interests which have received so
large a share of the favor of the Government may
be injured 1 It does show that there is an appetite
that 'increases by what it feeds on, and that never
will bo satiated until it licks up the whole interests
of the Republic, and concentrates them in the
northern portion of the countiy. You have a re-
ciprocity treaty with Brazil which allows the coffee
of Brazil to come in vessels of Brazil to our ports
free of duty. There is no objection on the part of
the gentleman to that. And why? Because ali
that coffee which comes into this country goes to
purchase northern manufactures, northern cottons,
shoes, and various articles. And why is it that
when coffee comes from Holland, it does not come
on the same duty as the Rio coffee? Because New
England exports nothing to Holland of any im-
portance; but the coffee of Java, which conies here,
is in purchase of the tobacco, cotton, &c., of the
southern States. And by imposing a duty on this
import, you impose, in the same ratio, a duty on
the exports of the southern States; but by admit-
ting Rio coffee free, you take oft" any restriction
from the commerce or" exports of -the northern
States. A«A that is the whole question. He
hoped that no enlightened man,.who was a friend
to equal justice, would vote to strike out this sec-
tion, and thus deprive them of that little boon
which the agriculture of the South claimed.
Mr. S. JONES said the remarks of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania (the chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs) induced him briefly to trespass
upon the time of the committee again. .Thegentle-
man informed them that, by treaty, we can impose
no duty on coffee imported into the United States
in Dutch vessels. He found, in a report made to
the House at the last session, a correspondence
which had taken place between the then Secretary
of the Treasury and the Minister for the Nether-
lands, in which it was admitted that duties could
not be imposed on coffee brought into the United
States in Dutch vessels; but at the same time that
coffee brought from Holland in American vessels
is subject to 20 per cent, ad valorem duty. (He
read from the report to show this fact.) He had
supposed (he said) that coffee coming in Dutch ves-
sels was subject to duty as well as in American
vessels. But by the decision of the Secretary of
the Treasury, Dutch vessels were exempted, while
American vessels were charged. It was a stronger
case, and showed a stronger necessity to relieve
American vessels. The order of the Secretary of
the Treasury was to relieve Dutch vessels. It was
a strange sort of legislation, leaving the discrimi-
nation of 20 per cent, against our ships in the ports
of Europe, and adding on 20 per cent, against our
vessels here. He hoped this principle would not
prevail.
The question being taken, the amendment of
j Mr. Jones was agreed to.
j The question recurring on the motion of Mr. I -
! gersoll, to strike out the first section—
Mr. JONES said if they now struck out the first
section, they restored the Dutch vessels to all the
undue advantages which the amendment was de-
signed to take away, and restore equality to our
own vessels.
Mr. TIBBATTS moved an amendment tothe
section to'strike out in the.4th line the words "from
the European ports of the kingdom of the Nether-
