772
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
decided that the further reading should not be dis-
pensed with.
The reading having then been concluded, the
Journal was approved.
Mr. McKAY moved that the House resolve it-
self into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. , _
Mr. J. Q.. ADAMS asked leave to offer a senes
of resolutions.
The SPEAKER said the motion was not m or-
der pending the motion to go into committee.
The SPEAKER was about to put the question
011 the motion of Mr. McKay, when
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL rose to offer certain re-
solutions of the Legislature of Pennsylvania.
The SPEAKEP^. If the gentleman will cast his
eye around him, he will see that there are some
twenty or thirty applications for the introduction
of various propositions, none of which can be en-
tertained whilst there is a motion pending to go
into committee.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL was under the impres-
sion that his motion was one of privilege.
The SPEAKER. The motion to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union is a
privileged motion, and is always in order.
And the question being taken the motion was
rejected.
So the House refused to go into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. YOST, from the Committee on Engraving,
reported the following resolution; which was con-
sidered and adopted.
Resolvvd, That the map accompanying House
bill relative to the sale of mineral lands in the
northern peninsula of Michigan, as transmitted to
this House, be published with tlie said bill, which
has been ordered to be printed by the House.
Mr. J. Q,. ADAMS asked leave to offer a series
of resolutions; which were read for information,
as follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to this House the name
of each and every soldier in the army of the United
States who, since the commencement of the pres-
ent session of Congress, has been put to death by
military execution without trial; also the name of
each and every person belonging to the army of
the United States, whether officer or soldier, by
whom or by whose order such military execution
has been perpetrated.
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to cause to lie arrested and tried by
court martial, for murder, each and every person
belonging to the army of the United States, whether
officer or soldier, by whom or by whose order any
soldier of the said army has been put to death
without a trial.
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs of this House be instructed to inquire into the
causes of the recent increase of desertion from Ihe
army of the United States, and to report whether
any further legislation by Congress be necessary
or expedient on that subject.
Mr. ISAAC E. HOLMES objected to the recep-
tion of the resolutions. He was willing, he said,
to investigate the matter after the war with Mex-
ico should have closed.
Mr. ADAMS moved that the rules be suspended,
to enable him to offer the resolutions; and on that
motion he asked the yeas and nays; which were
ordered.
Mr. GRAHAM asked that the resolutions might
be again read.
Mr. COBB objected.
The question, " Shall the rules be suspended?"
was then taken, and decided as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John Uumcy Adam5;. Carrol!,
J. G. Chapman, Cranston, Culver, D;uragh,.Tohn H. Ewmy,
Foot, Gidding?, Grinnell, Hampton, Herrick, E. B. Holine^,
Samuel D. Hubbard, Hudson, Charles J. Ingersoil, Joseph
It. Ingersoll, i). p. King, Lcib, Lewis, Levin, I.mit', Mc-
Lean, MeGaughey, JVtcJlvame, Motley, Pollock, Runw-y.
Root, Scammon, Schenek, Severance, Tium.in Smith,
C. B. Smith, Stanton, Starkweather. Stewart, Strohin,
Tbibodeaux, Thomasson, Tilden, Trumbo, Vance, and
Wmthrop—45.
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Barringer, Bayly, Bell,
Benton, James Black, Jame^ A. Black, Bowlin, Boyd,
Brockenbrough, Brodhead, Burt, Catheart, It. Chapman,
Chase, Clarke, Cobb, Cocke, Collin, Crozier, Culiom, Daniel,
Dargan, De Mott, Dillingham, Dobbin, Dougiass, Droniguole,
Bunlap, Erdman, Fickhn, Garvin, Gentry, Goodyear, Gor-
don, Graham, Grover, Hamlin, Harper, Henley, I. E. Holmes,
Hopkins, Hough, John W. Houston, Edmund W. Hnbard,
Hungcrford, James B. Hunt, George W. Jones, Seaborn
Jones, Kennedy, La Sere, Lumpkin, Maclay, McClelland,
McCIunmnd, McConnell, McKay, John P. Martin, Morris,
Moise, M'lukon, Niven, Morris, Owen, Parrish, Payne,
Price, Reid, Itelte, Hitter, Sawtelle, Sawyer, Setldon, Alex-
ander D. Sims, Leonaid II. Sims, Robert Smith, St. John,
Stromr. Jacob Thompson, Tibbatts, Toombs, Towns, Wont-
worth; Wheaton, Wick, Wood, Woodward, Yancey, Yell,
and Yost—88.
So the rules were not suspended, and the resolu-
tions were not received.
Mr. GIDDINGS now rose, and moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the House had yesterday
ordered to be printed the communication from the
President, covering a report from the War De-
partment in relation to the shooting of certain de-
serters from the American army opposite Matamo-
ras.
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman vote with
the majority?
Mr. GIDDINGS said he had done so.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will proceed.
Mr. GIDDINGS. My object is to call the atten-
tion of the House, and, through the House, the
attention of the country, to the nature and char-
acter of that transaction. I find myself anticipated
by the venerable gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Adams] by the introduction of his resolutions
this morning, so far as his views are there express-
ed. The light in which I view this transaction 
Mr. TIBBATTS rose to a question of order.
The motion submitted yesterday had been simply
a motion to lay on the table and print. No division
had been called for. The motion now was to re-
consider the motion to piint. Could that motion
be debated?
The SPEAKER said, the Chair was under the
impression that the motion to reconsider, so far as
the motion to print was concerned, ions debatable.
A brief coiiveisntion followed.
Mr. GIDDINGS resumed. My sole object in
moving a reconsideration of the vote is to call the
attention of the House and the country to the char-
acter of that transaction. When this motion shall
have been disposed of, the path will be open to move
a reconsideration of the vote by which the papers
were laid on the table, in order to substitute a mo-
tion for another disposition of them—their reference
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
If I understand the facts of the case as they have
been transmitted in this report, General Taylor,
whilst occupying a position opposite Matamoras—
within the proper bounds, 1 suppose, of Mexico—
as much beyond the bounds or intendency of
Texas as if lie had been ill South Carolina, or in
the city of Mexico itself—General Taylor, I say,
as the Executive informs us, m perfect peace, and
amity with Mexico, found himself, or his army, in
the act of being deserted by some of his troops.
The soldiers who deserted from the camp were pur-
sued by a sergeant's guard—or by a picket, (if I
recollect the words of the report,) and whilst at-
tempting to swim across the Rio del Norte, were
shot by order of the officer in the command of the
guard. Thus were the lives of Americans sacri-
ficed by the tyrannical order of a single sergeant,
without arrest or trial, without having been pro-
nounced guilty of any misdemeanor, and without
having been arraigned. I do not hesitate to char-
acterize the transaction as a foul murder, as much
so as if that officer bad come into this Hall and
shot down any two or three of the members of this
body. By the laws of this land, by the rules and
articles of war, by the genius of our institutions,
the act was as unauthorized as it would have been
to have shot down in cold blood a member of this
House.
I have not entered upon this matter without
having consulting former precedents, to which it is
my design to ask the attention of the House. I
have before me a case perfectly in point, which
abundantly demonstrates what the feeling of this
House formerly was when transactions of this
character took place under military power. I will
ask the attention of the House to this authority,
because it will show the spirit that prevailed in
this House in a former period, in the purer and
better days of this Repumic, when there was a
love of liberty here, when the rights of man were
regarded, when the institutions of our country
were revered, when the laws were upheld, and
when the honor of the country was sustained.
And now to the facts. In the month of August,
1818, when Colonel William King, commanding
the forces in Florida 
Mr. G. W. JONES. I rise to a question of
order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman -will state his
point of order. The gentleman from Ohio will
take his seat.
Mr. JONES, I submit that it is not in order,
on a motion to reconsider a motion to print, to go
into the merits of the subject-matter; that the gen-
tleman must confine his remarks to the reasons
why the document should be printed, and must not
go into the- merits of the question.
' The SPEAKER. On a motion to reconsider a
motion to print, the remarks of the gentleman
must be confined to the propriety or impropriety
of the printing.
Mr. JONES. Then is not the gentleman out of
order?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must confine
himself solely to the question of printing.
Mr. J. Q,. ADAMS. But,'as a debatable mat-
ter, are not the character and nature of the docu-
ment to be printed matter of legitimate observa-
tion ? Are not such remarks perfectly relevant?
The SPEAKER. So far as the question of
printing is concerned, the propriety or impropriety
of printing any matter may be shown as a matter
of course. The Chair cannot, in advance, say ex-
actly what would and what would not be relevant.
Mr. GIDDINGS. My object is to show the
importance of this very document; to let the peo-
ple know the importance of a document which has
been communicated to this House, but which is
yet suppressed; which has not yet been put forth
by any paper in this city; and which, by an order
or this House, has been suppressed. And it is to
develop the importance of that document that I
have now spoken. And in order to do "that, I
spoke of the former practice of this House,'and of
the considerations which entered formerly into the
investigation of a case peciscly similar. And I
desired to show that at that time the House not
only ordered the documents printed, but went fur-
ther, bs I will now prove.
In the second volume of American State Papers,
(entitled Military Papers,) at pages 38 and 39, I
find the following message from the then President
of the. United States.
Mr. G. was proceeding to read the message.
Mr. G. W. JONES rose and objected.
The SPEAKER; The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Gibdincs] is requested again to state what
the precise character of his motion is.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I moved to reconsider the
vote which directed the printing of the communi-
cation made to the House yesterday by the Presi-
dent, arid of the report from the Secretary of War
in relation to the shooting of certain soldiers oppo-
site Matamoras.
The SPEAKER. If the House has already or-
dered the printing, the gentleman cannot go into
any argument to show the propriety of printing.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Does the Chair undertake
to say, without having heard my argument, what
it amounts to—either as to printing or not to
printing?
The SPEAKER. The Chair says that the gen-
tleman cannot go into the question of the impor-
tance of printing a document which the House has
already ordered to be printed. The Speaker was
under the impression that the House had refused
the printing.
Mr. GIDDINGS. My motion is to reconsider
the order for printing; and now, as I understand
it, the matter is open to the discussion on the mo-
tion to print.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can take
ground to show that the printing ought not to have
been ordered.
Mr. GIDDINGS. If the Chair will bear with
me, my argument may probably come to that con-
clusion. But I must take the course, in stating my
own views, that my own judgment points out.
Mr. SCHENCK, (to the Chair.) Is it always
considered out of order for a gentleman to make a
speech against his own motion ?
The SPEAKER, (in good humor.) If exam-
ples are to have any weight, it is not always out of
order.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Now, with the consent of
the House, I will proceed to read the communica-
tion of the President, tuid to state the light in
which transactions of this kind have heretofore
been regarded by this House. When I was inter-
rupted, I was proceeding to" read the message of
President Monroe.- It is dated the 8th o( January,
I 1820; and is as follows:
