1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
773
"To the Home of Representatives of the United States:
«In compliance with the resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives, of 14th December, 1819, requesting me i to
cause to be lnid before it any infoimation I may possess
respecting certain executions which have been inflicted in
tne army ofthe United States since the year 1815, contrary
to the laws and regulations provided for the government of
the same,51 transmit a report from the Secretary of War,
containing a detailed account in relation to the object of
said resolution. JAMES MONROE."
In connexion with that'message, (continued Mr.
G.,) John' C. Calhoun, then Secretary of War,
made, the following communication:
" War Department,
" Sir: I have caused the records of this department to be
examined for all the mfounation it possesses 'respecting
< certain executions, or rather punishments, which m y have
(been inflicted in the army since the year 1815, contrary to
4 the laws and regulations provided for the government of the
< same,' conformably to resolution of 14th of December, 1819 5
and 1 now have the honor to state, that as soon as it was
reported to this department that Colonel King, ofthe 4th in-
fantry, while commanding at PcnxaeoJa, had given ordeis
to shoot down deserters if found within the limits of Florida,
I directed the enclosed order (marked A) to be sent him,
His answer to this order was received timing my absence,
last summer. The colonel reported that mich order had
been given, and that it was in accordance with the estab-
lished usages of the service, when1 other means of checking
depfiiUon, which had become ko frequent as to threaten the
total reduction of the force under his command, had failed.
"J. C. CALHOUN."
Message from the Adjutant General's office,
March 29, X819: "
" Sir; It has been reported to the War Department, from
a source entitled to credit, that, sineo you have had the
command in Florida and at Pensaoohi,'orders have been
given to shoot down deserters if found within the limit* of
Florida, and that such orders emanated from Colonel lung,
military commdudanr, and have accordingly been executed.
The Secretary of War directs that you forthwith make a
particular and detailed report, staling the order*, by whom
given, by whom executed, on whom executed, and the time
when e\eeut:d, with such further facta us you may deem
important on this subject.
"1 have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant, '
"I>. PARKER,
l< JJ/Jjulwit awl Inspector General.
"Col. Willtam King, 4th Irifuntrt/,
il Teiisaw Post Qffwe, Jjldbitvia,,y
Mr. G. continued: On the 10th of August follow-
ing, the following order was issued by tho com-
mandant of the southern division of tho army:
Extract from a general order, dated Adjutant and
Inspector General's Office, August 10,1&19:
"Tho commandinggeneral of the south division will de-
tail and orgain/.e agenoral court martial iw soon as pructioa
bly consistent with the interests of the service, tor tho trial
of Colonel William King, ofthe 4tli Infantry. Much elmrgos,
documents, and communications as the War Dcparimcht
possesses, are herewith transmitted to be put into tUo hands
of the judge-advocate of the South division, or Mich officer
as nuy be detailed for that duty, in case lie cannot attend
the court."
This (continued Mr, G.) wast the order con
veiling the court. "Without being further tedious,
I will'say, that immediately afterwards nn order
was issued for the arrest of Colonel Kiu^. lie
was arrested, and I will read the specification un-
der which he was tried:
^Specification Sd.—In that the said^Colonel VViliiam
Kinz, being then commanding officer of the province "t
West Florida, did f\iil, refuse, and neglect to oaiwe rm im-
mediate inquiry into the circumstances attending tln« death
of Neil Cameron, a private and deserter fiom tin* ltd bnttuhnu
company, 4th infantry, who was in the most cruet and inhu-
man manner put to death on the 16th beptemUor, 1818, by
sergeant Childress, of tho 7th battalion company, in m nbont
sixteen or seventeen miles front Tensacola, West Horidn,
although said Cameron had made no resistance, but hedged
to be taken back, and punished according to the nature ot
his offence, by order of a general court-martial."
The court-martial (Mr. G. continued) was con-
vened in October, and after a long and tedious in-
vestigation, (for there were other charges,) Colonel
'King was found guilty of the charge of shooting,
or rather of refusing to inquire into the shooting or
a man who was charged with, being a deserter, i he
court found him guilty, and sentenced him to sus-
pension from all rank, pay, and emoluments for tho
period of five years. And, by a general order, pro-
mulgated to the army, the President of the United
States approved the sentence, and directed it to be
carried into effect. Such was the sentence of that
officer. And now I come to the action of this
House in relation to it. This House not being
satisfied with the sentence of the
such a crime, the Committee on Military Affairs-
(on the 12th of May following,) to whomhad been
referred the report of the Secretary of War, con-
taining the proceedings of the court-martial, re-
ported the following resolution:
" Resolved, That the President of the United
* States be requested to strike from the roll ot the
' army the said William King, late of the fourth
' regiment of United States infantry."
This (continued Mr. G.) is the precedent to
which I desire to call the attention of this House.
I now refer to the facts of the case as stated by the
defendant himself, in order that the House may
clearly understand the similitude between that case
and this.
Mr. G. then proceeded to read the following
statement:
Facte stated by Oilonel Kin*.
Between the 15th and 18th of September, during my ab-
sence from Pensacola, no fewer than d%ht desertions took
place from the battalion ofthe 4th regiment, Jesa than three
hundred strong. They were pursued on the orders of Major
E. Dinkins,then of the eighth infantry, commanding the irar
rison of Pensftcola, the uon-coinmii>«ionod officers charted
with the conduct of the parties being specially instructed to
shoot down deserters wherever lound.
One of the parties, commanded by Scipennt William Chil-
dress, of the seventh battalion company, fourth infantry,
came up with Neil Cameron, a deserter from the first battal-
ion company, fburth regiment, about fifteen mik ^above Pr n-
saeoia, and fhot him Thi* is the onlv m^uuioe in which
orders to shoot deserters were eanied do effect.
Whilst Mr. G. was reading this statement—
Mr. BURT rose to u question of order. lie had
no desire (he said) to restrict the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Uiddinus] in any cottr.se of debate sanc-
tioned by the rule# of the House. But he (Mr. 13.)
submitted tlmt inasmuch us the House had ordered
the communication to be printed, and as the gen-
tleman from Ohio had moved a reconsideration of
the vote, the gentleman muat confine himself to a
course of remark at leant intended to show that the
action of the House yesterday was wrong, and that
it ought to be reconsidered. He (Mr. 15.) was
aware that it won a difficult tiling for the C'luur to
decide precisely what was, or was not, pertinent
to the multer before the House. But certainly the
general scope of the remark* fthould be directed to-
wards the vote which the gentleman sought to
have reconsidered. The whole course of the gen-
tlcmtin'ti remarks, if they had any tendency what-
soever to the purpose, was to show that the papers
should have been printed, that the matter should be
laid before the public, and that an investigation
ought to follow. It seemed to him (Mr. B.) that
he could not he mistaken m snppo^in^ that the ob-
ject of the gentleuiunV remarks was to show thai
the resolution proposed by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, (Mr. Aoamh,] or some similar res-
olution, should be adopted; and that they could
not have the slightest relevancy to the question
before the House, Therefore, (concluded Mr. B.,)
I call the gentleman to order, for not speaking to
the question an I understand it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Gtdmngs j has moved a reconsideration of the
vote of yesterday, by which the printing of these
papers was ordered. The gentleman, when he first
set outspeaking, was, in the judgment of the Chair,
speaking irrelevantly, and the Chair called him to
order. During the last few moments, the gentleman
has not been speaking on any subject, but has been
reading from a book; and the Chair is not able to
state whether the gentleman intends to apply all
this to tho illustration of his argument, or for what
other purpose it was designed. The Chair has
ruled, and will continue to rule, the gentleman out
of order, if he continues to argue that the document
should be printed.
Mr. BURT. Suppose the gentleman should take
a newspaper, and proceed to read the account of j
the battle with the Sikhs: would the House "per-1
nut the gentleman to read it, on the ground that
they did not know what application he might give
to it?
After some conversation, in which Messrs. J. H.
EW1NG, BURT, GlDDIiVGS,and the SPEAK-
ER participated— 1
The SPEAKER, in reply to a direct inquiry by 1
Mr. BURT, said, that under every consideration, i
the Chair dcc.ided that the gentleman from Ohio I
[Mr. Gkpdinos) was not in order.* !
Some further conversation followed, and no ap-
peal being elsewhere taken—
*To the Reporter of the Congressional Globe?
Will vmt please say to your reader*, that when ruled out
of order" tins monuiu;, I merely desired to add to what I had
said and read, that Mr. King having declared that bo submit-
ted iu« " order to General Jackson and General Goiii-es,
bv their silencc, h<ul apjrrovedti," -those officers were called
on bv direction of u resolution of ihis House, to tmy whether
such were the &et, and they tmth denied having approved
such outer in un> manner whatever; ami such denial was
expressed with apparent mdignauou. J. E. GIDDIM.S.
Mr. REUBEN CHAPMAN appealed from the
decision ofthe Chair, and moved that the appeal be
laid on the table.
The question was taken, and the appeal was laid
on the table.
Mr. COBB now moved that the motion to re-con-
sider be laid on the table. .
And the question being taken, the motion tare-
consider the vote, by which the printing had been
ordered, was laid on the table.
Mr. McCLEAN asked leave to present certain
resolutions of the Legislature of Pennsylvania,
which he desired might be read.
But Mr. STEPHEN ADAMS, who had sent
the following resolution to the Chair, simultane
ously with the privileged motion submitted by Mr.
Giddings, now called it up, and it was read:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the Presi-
dent of the Senate mid Speaker of the House of
Representatives adjourn their respective Houses
sine (tic on Monday, the 13th day of July next, at
two o'clock p. m.
Objections having been made—
Mi-. ADAMS and Mr. HENLEY moved a sus-
pension of the rules.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON asked the yeas and
nays, which were ordered, and, being taken, re-
sulted as follows:
YEAS—Mom*. Abliott, Stephen Adams, Arnold, Bnker>
Barrmqer, Bell, lii nton, James Black, Brodhend, Milton
H row n" William G Blown, Bufiington, John H. Campbell,
Carroll, Cathenrt, John G. Chnpnrmn, Chase, Clarke, Cocke,
Crozier, Cilllom, Darsan, Darrajh, Garrett Davis, Doug-
ii"b, lhmhip, l-'nhnun, John H. Ewing, Edwin II. Ewjng,
Fnian, Ficklin, Foot, Gentiy, Grmnell, trover, Hainlm,
Hampton, Harper, Uenlev, llerriek, Elias B. Holmes, John
W. Houston, Edmund W. llubnrd, Samuel D. Hubbard,
lliuii-orliird, James 1!. Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Joseph
It. In-i r-nll, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Kennedy,
Daniel 1\ Km". Preston Kmc, Leib, Lewis, Lison, Long,
Met 'le.m,M< etelhuid,McC]ornund,McConnell,MeGaughey,
Mcllvimie, Miller, Moieiev, Parrish, Pollock, Price, fiam-
si'.v, lteli'o, flitter, John A. ltorkwoll, Root, Sawtelle, Scam-
inon, t^clicnek, ^e.uniin, Hcvernnce, Leonard H. Sims,
Truman Smith, Albeit Smith, ltobeit Smith, Starkweather,
Stewart, St. John, Strohm, Tlnbodeaax, Thomasson, Jaeob
Thompson, Thurnian, Tihbatts, Toombs, Trumbo, Vance,
Wheat"!!, Wintlirop, Woodruff, Yell, and Young—101.
\ \yS -Wei-sr*. John Q. Adams, Andeison, Bayly, Bedin-
r, Jiune- A. Illnek, liowlin, Bojd, l!riiikeihoff, Brocken-
hroilKh, Burl, Aiuiusti^ A. Chapman, Reuben Chapman,
Cobb, Collin, Cronslon. Culver, llaniel, De Mott, Dilling-
ham, Dobbin, Dionnjoole, Fries, Goodyear. Cioicvn, Gra-
ham, [larmanson, Hose, ls.i.ie 13. Holmes, Hopkins, Hud-
son, Hunter, Joseph Johnson, La Here, Maclay, McKay,
Marsh, John P. Mai tin, Barkley Martin, Morris, Morse,
Moulton, Niven, Norris, Owen, Payne, Pendleton, Perrill,
Pettit, Plielps, Rathbun, Sawyer, Seddon, Alexander D.
Sims, Staaton, Strong, Tilden, Towns, Vinton, Wentworth,
Wick, Woodward, and Yost—62.
So, two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended, and the resolution was
not received.
POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, Mr. Jjcob Thompson, of Mississippi,
in the chair, and resumed the consideration of the
bill making appropriations for the service of the
Post Office Department, for the year ending 30th
June, 1847.
The state of the question was this:
Mr. Cobb had heretofore moved to strike out the
following proviso:
" Provided, That nothing herein contained shall
' be construed to authorize any payment to supply
1 a deficiency in the appropriation for compensation
' of postmasters."
AndMr. Jefferson Davis had heretofore moved
the following amendment:
" And provided further, That these officers shall
, ' be, and hereby are, relieved from all charge upon
[ ' mailable matter addressed and properly belonging
' to them."
; Mr. HAMLIN, who was entitled to the floor,
! (having moved tho rising of the committee when
' the bill was last under consideration,) said he had
not taken the floor to continue the debate which at
that time had been progressing, which would di-
rectly come up on a bill which would soon come
under the consideration of the House. He would
therefore yield the floor, with the expression of the
hope that—the time for action having arrived—the
committee would proceed to act.
Mr. HOPKINS, chairman of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, said it would be
remembered, when the subject was up a few days
-, since, he expressed the opinion that if this proviso
! j were retained in the bill and made to operate on the
