774
TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
compensation of postmasters, it would leave them
at several offices without ono dollar of pay. He
had stud that would l>c the ease with the postmas-
ters at Boston, New York, PhUdelphia, i'altimoie,
New Orleans, and St. Louis. That position was
controverted by the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, [Mr. A!<'Kay,] and also by
the gentleman from JNTew Yorlv, [Mr. Rathisux.]
Since that time he had examined the subject fuither,
and he desited now to relieve himself from the con-
tradiction then e,i\ en to his remarks by these two
gentlemen particularly, hie had before him a
statement obtained fiom the Post Olliee Depart-
ment, showing the state of accounts at the several
post oiliccs named, for the quarter ending 31st De-
cember, 1845, which fully sustained him in the
position he had then taken. This was the official
statement of the accounts of these several post of-
fices for that quarter:
o
«J C3 7
c ° J2
c a
c c
£ « o
Si LiS, ''
.£ i >9 E v*
Boston 
New York...
Philadelphia..
Baltimore,
St. Louis 
New Orleans.
31,601,18
i,.p 7.V7
2,733 41
1,0.>] ,71
2,898,95
i nothing.
r.,7n,sH) <io." 'fj.s'n.-'s
JVkM.JJ! do. i.o 11.71
2.MVH; do. r ." :i'.7
1.091,0) do.
2/270.3 J | do. 6J8,G:J
At the end, therefore, of this quarter, these post-
masters, without having received a single dollar
compensation, became debtors to the department
in the respective amounts given in the table from
"which he had read. The committee mi^ht lelyon
this as a correct statement, drawn from the regular
returns of these offices, and in no way alFected by
the gross appropriation of §300,000 for " clerk-
hire," under this bill.
It was contended that the appropriation of $'200 •
000 for clerk hire covered the whole sum. This
was a mistake. By reference to the act of ]8'>5,
it would be seen that the postmasters were restrict-
ed to the commissions arising out of their respect-
ive offices. This appropriation of $50,000 was a
sort of charity to cover all the deficiencies in the
service, but had no reference whatever to the pay
of incidental expenses of the office, to which it was
wholly inadequate.
The effect, then, of retaining the proviso would
be to bring the department to draw for compensa-
tion of postmasters on its own funds proper, and
throw the appropriations for contractors upon the
treasury. Tf that was to lie the practical working
of the thing, they had better at. once avoid it by
removing this proviso, and leaving the present state
of things to continue as it now exists.
The gentleman from TsTew York had made some
complaint of postmasters who were now hero, and
exercising, as he believed, their influence for then-
own interests. Mr. H. had seen but two of these
postmasters, who had made no suggestions to him
on the subject; hut instead of denouncing them for
giving information on matters with which they
were practically and thoroughly acquainted, and
with which the members of the House were not
well informed, they might well and beneficially
consult, them. But he "relieved himself, anil the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and
the Postmaster General, from the imputation of
receiving any improper influence from these gen-
tlemen—for gentlemen he believed they were, in
all the attributes of gentlemen. They would hon-
orably compare with gentlemen on this floor; and
they were not the less honorable men because they
happened to be public officers.
He had heard it mentioned that there was ex-
travagance in the post office at New York in this
branch of expenditure for clerks'hire. But the
clerks there were now inadequate, and worked
almost to death. He was informed yesterday by
the postmaster at New York, whom he happened
to meet, that his day clerks went upon duty at four
o'clock in the morning, and were relieved at seven
at night; and the night clerks were engaged from
seven at night to four in the morning; and that he
is often indebted to the indulgence of the owners
and proprietors of steamboats, railroads, &c., for
their indulgence in allowing the mails to be placed
on board behind the regular time. Many of the
best clerks were resigning from absolute necessity,
as the labors were too severe for them.
The idea of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Ratiibun] delusive. It might be that in the
gentleman's district there would be found postmas-
ters to perform their duties from the mere prompt-
ingsofan enlarged and elevated patriotism. When-
ever they found the gentleman ready to serve them
here in Congress for nothing, this might be the
rase, and he presumed it would not be before.
When that time .would arrive the gentleman could
butter dotctmine than himself.
This was a subject in which the people were
deeply interested, and in which it was not the post-
masters alone who wore principally interested, as
had been dMured. Mr. H. contended that it was
for the interest of the people that the postmasters
should be fairly and reasonably paid, that compe-
tent and faithful men could not be got to discharge
the duties without pay, and that in case they could,
the Government had iio right to ask their services
on such terms.
He had made these remarks principally with a
view to .show, as he had fully shown, that the facts
sustained him in the statement he had previously
made with regard to the compensation of postmas-
ters, and he repeated the, expression of the hope
that the pv.uixo would be stricken out.
Mr. G. DAVIS agreed, in some respects, with
ihc^rcntleman from Indiana, [Mr. Pettit,] in his
reprobation of the disieaard manifested by the head
of the Post Office Department of the law regulating
the compensation of postmasters. He hoped the
proviso of the second section going to enforce this
taw would not be stricken out. The laws regula-
ting postage and the rates of compensation had been
recklessly, boldly, violated by the head of the de-
partment in as flagitious and wanton a manner, in
his humble opinion, as had ever before been done
by any executive officer of the Government.
Tie reail the tariff of commissions upon the re-
ceipts of the respective offices allowed as compen-
sation to the several postmasters, under the law of
1825, and the section of the act of 1845 empower-
ing the Postmaster General in case of a commission
being less than $25, to raise it in his discretion,
provided it shall not exceed fifty per cent, of the
receipts of the office, and contended at some length,
(presenting his argument in various forms,) that
the obligation was ar? clear and as strong under
these laws to confine the compensation of postmas-
ters to the commissions specified, as it would be to
confine them to a salary stated in express terms.
The departure from this principle, and the allow-
ance of additional compensation by the Postmaster
General at his discretion, was the ground on which
ho arraigned the Postmaster General. He also an-
imadverted upon the construction given by that
functionary to the laws regulating the franking
privilege of members of Congress.
The proviso to this section (he said) was intend-
ed to correct this gross disregard by the execu-
tive officer of the law of the land, and compel him
to execute it. He admitted, with the gentleman
from Indiana, that the compensation of deputy
postmasters was too small; he might incline to
vote for its increase. But that was not the ques-
tion. It was, Will Congress regulate the postage
and the compensation of deputy postmasters?—arid
will it permit the Postmaster General to disregard
this law, and determine for himself the rate of
compensation ?
It was sought to be justified by necessity. He
repudiated this ever-ready plea of tyrants. He
knew no such plea under a government of con-
stitution and law. Where the law makes a re-
quirement, the officer who executes it should be
held to a strict observance of it. There was no
safety except in that course. It was time to ar-
rest this suspending, this dispensing power over
the law, by the will of thp executive officer. If
the law was defective, and the compensation pro-
vided by it to deputy postmasters was insufficient,
let them remedy it, but not leave it to be regulated
by the head of the department bv his own arbi-
trary will, and that in defiance of the law.
Mr. HUJYTER had listened with a great deal
of attention to the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Davis,] as he always did, and had listened
with attention, and some surprise, to some of the
gentlemen who had spoken the day before yester-
day. He confessed, from the assault first made
on the opinion of the Attorney General, and the
action of the Postmaster General upon it, he was
somewhat staggered; and it did seem to him that
they had acted improperly, and departed from the
express provisions of the law. At that time, he
had not read the law, or examined the subject;
but since then he had been induced to bestow some
examination upon the law, and the opinion of t)\e
Attorney General, and he had come to a conclu-
sion entirely the opposite of that af the gentleman
from Kentucky. He thought the opinion of the
Attorney General' correct, and the action of the
Postmaster General upon that opinion correct.
There had seemed to be a general misunder-
standing in the House in relation to the'matter;
and it had been supposed that it was the necessity
of the case which had required the Postmaster
General to make these allowances, and that, in
order to keep the Post Office Department, he had
made them. He had supposed that it was attempt-
ed to justify them on the plea of necessity, and,
like the gentleman from Kentucky, he thought
that plea entirely, unsatisfactory and insufficient.
Let tlie laws we enact, (said he,) no matter how
incoherent, how loose, how impolitic, yet, if they
be the laws of the land, let them be faithfully exe-
cuted by the executive department of the country.
But, m point of fact, the opinion of the Attorney
General was based on no such supposition; but it
was based on the conclusion, that the Postmaster
General was authorized to make these allowances
by the law of 1845. It was true that these allow-
ances were contrary to the law of 1825, but since
that time, another law had be$n passed,partially
repealing that law. It was the opinion of the At-
torney General, that the 22d section of this act of
1845 invested the Postmaster General with the
discretion of making these extra allowances to all
departments of the mail scrvice except that of the
Post Office Department here, provided be kept
within the bounds of $4,500,000, as is required by
that section.
Mr. H. read the 22d section of the act of 1845,
as follows:
"Sec. 90. 'find be it further enacted, That, in case the
amount of postages collected from the rates of postage pre-
scribed by this act, with the annual appropriation fiom the
treasury of seven hundred and fifty thousand dollars herein
granted, shall prove insufficient to defray the expense of the
mail service throughout the United States to an extent equal
to what is now enjoyed l>y the public, and also the expense
of extending and enlarging the same In due proportion with
the increase and expansion of the population, particularly
in the new States and Territories, the deficiency that may
so arise shall be paid out of any moneys in the treasury not
otherwise appropriated: jProvided, That the amount of ex-
penditures for the Post Office Department shall not, in the
enure aggregate, exclusive of salaries of officers, clerks, and
messengers of the General Post Ofiice3 and the contingent
fiincl of the same, exceed the annual amount of four millions
five hundred thousand dollars."
Now, was it not clear that it was apprehended
by this section that the mail service through-
out the country might fail under the new Jaw,-and
that it was intended by it to confer on the Post-
master General authority to keep up the same
amount of mail service to which the people had
been accustomed, and a reasonable increase for the
Territories? And was he not invested with dis-
cretion to make a sufficient amount of appropria-
tions to effect this object, provided they did not
exceed in their total amount four and a half mil-
lions? Now he believed it was contended that he
was not allowed any discretion in reference to post-
masters, because this provision was in reference to
41 the mail service." But did not that embrace all
the expenses of the Post Office Department ? By
the very terms of the proviso, would it not embrace
everything connected with the service of the Post
Office Department, unless the Post. Office Depart-
ment here were excluded by the proviso? "What
was the necessity for the proviso, unless it was
that this term " mail service'1 had this general,
broad signification and acceptation ?
But it was said that this special provision of the
6th section of the former act, that if any postmas-
ter receive less than twenty-five dollars per annum,
the Postmaster General may increase his compen-
sation, provided it does not exceed fifty per cent,
of the revenue collected at his office, was in con-
flict with this construction of th«22d section. Not
j at all. This provision was only a cumulative
i provision. It was provided that if he did not re-
| ceive twenty-five dollars, in that case he was to be
t allowed a larger amount of compensation, not to
j exceed fifty per cent, of the receipts of the office.
| If this was allowed, and still he did not receive
I enough, it was doubtless the intention of the law
I that the office should be discontinued; and such,
he understood, had been the practice of the Post-
I master General in all such cases;
