1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
777
the Attorney General and other officers to regulate
public affairs.
The committee then rose and reported the bill
and amendments to the House.
[A message yras received from the President of
the United States, by J. K. Walker, Esq., his Pri-
vate Secretary, signifying his approval of the pen-
sion law.
Mr. WHEATON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, made a reports]
Mr. BRODHEA1) demanded the previous ques-
tion; which was seconded.
And the main question (on concurring with the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
in its amendments, and on ordering the bill to a
third reading) was ordered to be now taken.
The amendments,except as hereafter particularly
mentioned, were concurred in without a division.
On concurring with the committee in striking out
the following proviso, to wit:
" Provided, That nothing herein contained shall
' be'construed to authorize any payment to supply
' a deficiency in the appropriation for compensa-
' tion of postmasters,"
Mr. G. W. JONES asked the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and, being taken, resulted as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Arnold, Atkinson, Bay-
ly, Bedinger, Biggs, James A. Black, Bowlin, Boyd, Brink.-
erhoff, Btockenbiougli, Brodhead, William G. Brown, Burt,
Cathcart, Augustus A. Chapman, Iteuben Chapman, Chase,
Clarke, Cobb, Collin, Cullom, Daniel, Dargan, TJn Mott,
Dillingham, Dobbin, Dromgoole, Dunlap, Fxlsall, JJrdman,
Faran, Ficklin, Fries, Garvin, Goodyear, Gordon, Grover,
Henley, Hoge, Isaac E. Holmes, Hopkins, Edmund W.
Hubard, James B. Hunt, Hunter, Charles J. Ingersoll, Jo-
seph Johnson, Levin, Lumpkin, Maclay, MeClean. Mc-
Clelland, McClemand, James McDowell, Jolm P. Martin,
Barkley Martin, Monis, Morse, Niven, Owen, Pernll,
Plielps, Price, Reid, Relfe, Eitter, Sawyer, Seammon,Sea-
man, Seddon, Alexander JD. Suns, Leonard H. Suns, Simp-
son, Robert Smith, Starkweather, Stephens, Strong, Sylses,
Jacob Thompson, Tibbatts, Towns, VVentworth, Wick,
Woodward, and Yancey—85.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, John Q. Adams, Baker, Bell,
Benton, Milton Brown, Bufiington, John II. Campbell, Car-
roll, John G. Chapman, Cocke, Cranston, Crozier, Culver,
Darragh, Garrett Davis, Jefferson Davis, Delano, John H.
Ewinsr, Edwin H. Ewmg, Foot, Gentry, Giddings, Graham,
Gnnnell, Hamlin, Hampton, Hanuansoii, Harper, Hi-rrick,
Elias B. Holmes, Hough, John W. Houston, Samuel D.
Hubbard, Hudson, Hungerford, Joseph K. Ingersoll, Andrew
Johnson, George W. Jones,Kennedy, Daniel P.King, Pres-
ton King, Lewis, Ligon, I.ong, McGuughcy, McHnnry,
Mellvaine, McKay, Marsh, Millei, Moulton, Noma, ivtttt,
Pollock, Ramsay, Bathbun, John A. Rockwell, Root,
Sehenck, Truman Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stewait, Strolim,
Thibodeaux, Tliomasson, Tilden, Toombs, Truinbo, Vauco,
Yell, and Young—74.
So the proviso was stricken out.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading now;
And, having been read a third time by its title
nd the question being " Shall this bill pass ?"
Mr. SCHENCK moved that it be recommitted
to the Committee orf the Post Office and Post Roads,
with the following instructions:
Provided, That instead of any payments being
hereafter made to deputy postmasters m order to
supply deficiencies in their compensation, thefrank-
in"- privilege shall be restored to all deputv post-
masters whose compensation by law may be less
than one hun'dred dollars per annum during the
year to end the first day of June next, as such
franking privilege existed prior to the third day of
March, 1845.
To be added at the end of the 2d section.
Mr. COBB demanded the previous question,
Cwhich cuts off the motion to recommit with in-
structions, and brings the House to a direct vote
on the passage of the Ml.)
There was a second. The mam question was
ordered, and, being taken, the bill was passed.
And then the House adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday,.May 8, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read in part, and
fthe further reading thereof being, on motion of
Mr. TIBBATTS, dispensed with) was approved.
RETROCESSION OF ALEXAJVDRIA.
The SPEAKER announced the special order of
the (lav to be the bill to retrocede the county of
Alexandria, in the District of Columbia, to the
State of Virginia.
THE BLIND.
TTRBATTS, from the select committee
he^fofe apptinted'on the subject, asked leave to
report a. bill.
(Mr. HUNTER said he would not object, pro-
vided debate did not arise.
And leave having been granted—
< The bill was introduced, and read twice by its
title. It is in the following words:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of Jlmericn in Congress assernhlcAy Thrit
there be set apart for the benefit of persons m the United
States afflicted with blindness a quantity of Jand, equal to
thiee townships, which may be selected and located by a
competent and fit person appointed hv the Secretary of the
Treasury, out of any of the public lands of the United States,
in sections corresponding with any of the legal divii-ions m
which the public lands are authorized to be surveyed, so as ,
not to interfere with private land claim?, or the rights of pre- \
emption; winch lands, when t>o located, shall be di>pi^ed
of under the direction of the Secretary of the Tiea^ury, to
procure the pnntme of a library of books for the use of the
blind, which books fchali be cu&tubuted among the States and ,
Territories of the United States by the Secretary of the J
Treasury, as near as may he practicable in the ratio of the ;
number of blind persons in each State and Teiritory re^pec- |
tively at the time of &uch distubution : Provided, That the j
said lands shall not be sold for less than $1 23 per acre. J
Mr. TIBBATTS said, that as he presumed there [
could be no difference of opinion as to a bill of this i
character, he would ask that it be put on its pas- |
sage. j
Objections were made.
A motion was indicated, (by whom the reporter ■
could not hear, though it was afterwards submit- ;
ted by Mr. Danikl,) that the bill be referred to ,
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the >
Union. _ i
Mr. TIBBATTS said he hoped those who were :
in favor of the bill would vote against any such j
motion; for if it was sent to the Committee of the j
Whole on the state of the Union, it would never i
again be reached in the world. He asked that the j
bill might he read through.
Mr. HUNTER submitted to the Chair, that the ,
bill, inasmuch as it made an appropriation of land, j
must be committed. I
The SPEAKER expressed that opinion. i
Mi*. TIBBATTS wan understood to say, that he j
knew of no rule which required the commitment of j
a bill which made an appropriation of land, but not j
of money.
The SPEAKER expressed the opinion that all 1
appropriations of land, us well as of money, must
pass under ihc action of the committee. i
Mr. TIBBATTS asked that the rule might be
read.
Mr. DANIEL now moved that the bill be com-
mitted to the Committee of the Whole on the state
Of the Union.
Mr. TIBBATTS again expressed the hope that
the motion would not prevail. It was tantamount
to the defeat of the bill.
Mr. YANCEY moved its commitment to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. TIBBATTS asked the vcas and nays on
the motion of Mr. Daniel; which were ordered.
Mr. FARAN desired to say a single word. He
was favorable to the object of the bill, but there
were various other institutions or asylums, as well
as those of the blind, throughout the Union ; as,
for instance, the lunatic and the deaf. He would
like to see a grant of land made to each State, the
proceeds of which should be distributed for the
benefit of such benevolent institutions—the blind,
the lunatic, the deaf. He would not confine the
grant to one.
Mr. VANCE was understood to suggest that
the call for the yeas and nays should be with-
drawn, and that the bill should be allowed to go to
the committee, and take Us place with other bills.
Mr. TIBBATTS would nave no objection, he
said, to that course, provided the House would
consent to make the bill the special order for a day
certain. Otherwise, he repeated, the commitment
of the bill was equivalent to its defeat.
Mr. ATKINSON moved that the bill be laid on
the table.
Mr. TIBBATTS asked the yeas and nays,
which were ordered, and, being taken, resulted as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs, Stephen Adams, Anderson, Atkinson,
Bayly, Bedinger, Benton, James A. Black, Burt, Jolm G.
Chapman, Augu.-tus A. Chapman, Reuben Chapman, Clarke,
Cullom, Daniel, Dargan, Darragh, Jefferson Davis, Dobbin,
Grover HaraKon, Ilarmanson, Isaac E. Holmes, Edmund
W Ilubard, Hunter, George W\ Jones, Ligon, McKay,
Morse Moulton, Patrish, Payne, Pendleton, Phelps, Price,
Reid Roberts, Seddon, A. D. Sims, Leonard H. Sims,
Simnson, Stanton, Strong, Sykes, Thibodeaux, Jacob
Thompson, Toombs, Wick, Woodward, and Yancey-49,
nays—Messrs. Abbott, John (luincy Adams, Bell, Biggs,
Bowlin, Bnnkerhoff, Brodhead, John H. Campbell, Cath-
cart, Collin, Cranston, Croziei, Culver, Garrett Davis, Del-
ano, De Mott, Dillingham, Dunlap, Eds.ill, Erdman, John
H. Ewing, Faran, Foot, Fries, Giddings, Goodyear, Gordon,
Graham Grinnell, Hamlin, Hampton, Harper, Herrick,
Ho e, Elias B. Holmes, John W. Hou-ton, Hudson, Hunger-
ford, Jo.-eph R. Ingensull, Daniel P. King, Lewis, Levin,
Long, Maclav, McClean, McClelland, James McDowell,
McGaujrhey, McHenrv, Mellvaine, Marsh, John P. Martin,
Barkley Martin, Miller, Moseley, Niven, Norris, Owen,
Pfttit, Pollock, Ramsey, Rathbun, Ritter, John A. Rock-
well, Root, Sawtelle. Seammon, Severance. Tiuman Smith,
Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Robert Smith, Starkweather,
Stephens, Stewart, St. John, Slrohm, Thomasson, Thur-
man, Tibbatte, Tilden, Trumho, Vance, Vinton, Went-
worth, Wheaton, Winthrop, Wood, Yell, and Young—90.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
And the question then recurring, first, on the
motion to commit to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union—
Mr. HUNTER suggested that the pending mo-
tion should be suffered to lie over until another
day, that the House might procecd to the consid-
eration of the special oider.
Mr. TIBBATTS said he had no desire to press
the bill at this moment, if it could be placed in such
a position as that it might be reached hereafter.
The SPEAKER said the bill might lie over by
unanimous consent.
Mr. HOPKINS submitted the question of the
necessity of commitment.
The SPEAKER said the Chair had already de-
cided that commitment teas necessary. The House
could now determine that question on the pending
motion to refer.
Mr. HOPKINS suggested the previous question-
Mr. YANCEY now rose to inquire whether the
bill had been reported fiotn a select committee?
The SPEAKER stated the fact.
Mr. YANCEY thereupon withdrew his motion
to refer to the Committee on Public Lands.
And the question, " Shall this bill be referred to
the Committee of the "Whole on the state of the
Union was then taken, and resulted as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. John Q. Adam*, Stephen Adams, Ander-
son, Atkinson, Bavlv, Bedimjer, Benton, Biggn, Jas. Black,
James A. Black, Bowlin, Boyd, Brinkcrhotr, Carroll, Cath-
eait, John G. Chapman, Au^uMiu- A. Chapman, Reuben
Chapman, Chase, Clarke, Cobb, Collin, Cianslon, Cullom,
Daniel, Dargan, Jefferson Davis, Dc Mott, Dillingham, Dob-
bin, Dunlay, Eitsall. Kidman. Fiekhn, Garvin/ Goodyear,
Gordon, Graham, Gnnnell, Gimei, Hampton, HaraUon,
Hat matron. Harper, Hentek, Hilhatd, Ho«e, Hopkins, J.
XV. Hou-ton, Him^eifbrd, James B. Hunt. Hunter, Charles
J Ingetsoll, Joseph R. tn«ji.r>oll, Geoige W. Jones, Seaborn
Jones, Kennedy, P. King, Leib, La Sere, Levin, Ligon,
Long, McClean, MeClcllahd, McClcriiund, James McDow-
ell, Mellvaine, McKay, Barkley Martin, Moiris, Morse,
Moulton, Norris, Owen, Payne, Phelps, Price, Ritter, Rob-
erts, Sawyer, Seammon, Alexander D. Sims, Leonard fl.
Sims, Simpson, Robert Smith, Stanton, Starkweather, Ste-
phens, Stewart, St. John, Strong, Syk^s, Thibodeaux,
Thoinasson, Jacob Thompson, Toombs, Wentworth, Wood-
ward, Yancey, and Yell—104.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Bell, Burt, John H. Campbell,
Crozier, Culver, Garrett Davis, Delano, Douglass, John H.
Ewim;, Faran, £oot, Giddings, Hamlin, Elias B. Holmes,
Hou&h, Samuel D. Hubbard, Hudson, D. P. King, Lewis,
Maclay, McGaughey, McHenry, Marsh, John P. Martin,
Miller^ Moseley, Niven, Pendleton, Pernll, Pollock, Ramsey,
Rathbun, Reid, Relfe, John A. Rockwell, Root, Sawtelle,
Sehenck, Seddon, Se\eianee, Truman Smith, Albert Smith,
Caleb B Smith, Sttohm, Tibhntts, Tilden,Trumbo, Vinton,
Wheaton, Wick, Winthrop, Wood, Woodiuff, and Young
—55.
So the bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HUNTER said, that as this was the day
set apart for the consideration of the special order,
he would move that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. DANIEL expressed the hope that the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Hunter]
would not prevail.
Mr. HUNTER submitted that the motion was
not debatable.
The SPEAKER so decided.
Mr. DANIEL said he did not wish to debate.
But he called the attention of the House to the fact
that the regular business of the day was the con-
sideration of the private calendar, now heavily
laden; and he hoped the House would take up that
calendar.
After a brief conversation, in which Messrs.
HAMLIN and the SPEAKER participated,
Mr. HAMLIN moved that the special order be
postponed until Monday next, (with a view to the
consideration of the private calendar, as the reporter
understood.)
Mr. HUNTER submitted whether that motion
was in order.
The SPEAKER said the question must first be
taken on the motion to go into committee.
