1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
779
ment, they preferred to remain as they are. He
insisted, if this bill was to pass, it should be with
the declaration that this Government was not going
to pay that debt, so as to exclude the millions of
petitions which,- session after session would be
presented to .refund this debt.
There was another objection to this- bill which
did not come so -immediately before this House;
but, as. jt was not a party objection, he deemed
pioperto state it. They were aware that in Vir-
ginia there had been a conflict going on, he might
say, alpiost from the beginning of that Govern-
ment down to the present day, on the subiectof
the right of suffrage. This was not a party ques-
tion, but an eastern and western question in Vir-
ginia; and that State was now'on the very point
of calling a convention, the object of which was
to extend the right of suffrage and equalize the
right of representation in the counties. As things
now stand, eastern Virginia controls the political
power of that State, with a population vastly in-
ferior to western Virginia. This bill proposed to
add 2,500 or 3,000 voters to the eastern side of
Virginia, the influence of all whom would be
thrown against western Virginia, whose object is
to extend the right of suffrage, and have a con-
vention, as she ought to have. Having been born
and reared in that State, Mr. P. might be permit-
ted to say he felt an interest in her institutions
and her interests, and he hoped the day would yet
come when Virginia, noble as she is m many re-
spects, may yet take hfer stand side by side with
the enlightened States of the Union which have
discarded all those old distinctions, and who now
permit the right of suffrage to rest upon the free-
dom of" the citizen, and not on the property he
holds in his possession.
Mr. SEDDON interposed, and (Mr. P. yield-
ing) was understood to call attention to the fact
that the Virginia Legislature, by a unanimous
vote, representing of course the eastern as well as
the western portion of the State, had agreed to
this retrocession of Alexandria. There was no
objection, therefore, on the part of western Vir-
ginia to this measure.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Virginia, rose and appealed
to the gentleman to allow a further explanation.
Mr. PAYNE. Certainly, sir. I wish to hear
from western Virginia.
Mr. JOHNSON said his colleague [Mr. Sed-
bon] referred to the question of convention; he
was in error. There was a division of sentiment
in Virginia; and western Virginia required a con-
vention assembled on a basis different from that
which the eastern part was willing to accord to
them, and they never would consent to meet their
eastern brethren on that subject until they could
meet them on the broad principles of equal rights.
Mr. PAYNE (resuming) said he was aware of
the interest felt on this great question of a conven-
tion in the western part of Virginia. It was not a
party question as between Whigs and Democrats,
but was advocated by the friends of freedom,
whether found marching under the Whig or the
Democratic banners. On the great question of the
right of suffrage, where party divisions had been
laid aside to promote the great principles of liberty
and the right of suffrage—in such a conflict, what
he desired was, that the Congress of the United
States shall not throw its weight and influence
against those who were battling for the right of
suffrage.
Mr. J. McDOWELL (Mr. P. yielding the floor)
said he should like to be informed by the gentle-
man [the remainder of the sentence was lost to
the reporter.] He should like to know, above all,
whether the gentleman from Alabama does not ad-
mit, as a fundamental article of his own creed, that
we are entitled to self-government. And further-
more, whether, as a special and particular article
of his party creed, he does not go for the largest
libM?PAYNE. I must ask the gentleman to re-
duce his question to writing.
I should like to know also, (continued Mr. mc-
DOWELL,) on what general or particular doctrine
jt is that the gentleman desires the power of Con-
gress to interfere with the local questions of Vir-
ginia. Furthermore 
Mr. PAYNE (interposing) insisted on his right
t0Mr. McDOWELL, (yielding.) Well, they are
hard questions, and difficult for the gentleman to
answer.
Mr. PAYNE. If the honorable gentleman over ij
the way will submit his questions in writing, it will 11
afford me much pleasure to answer them.
Mr. McDOWELL. I regret that the gentle-
man s memory is so treacherous.
Mr. PAYNE continued. But inasmuch as they
aj'e numerous, I will not undertake to answer them
a . Mr. P. had never sought to interfere, in the :
slightest degree, with the internal policy of Vir- !!
?lr!laj What he proposed was, to leave Virginia to
fight her own battles; but he protested against this h
Government adding three or four thousand votes to f
eastern Virginia, which would go to aid in frustra- ■
ting western Virginia in her efforts to extend the \
right of suffrage and the basis of political freedom, j
He presumed, as far as this Government was con- !,
cerned, he had the right to remonstrate against this , >
Government taking a side in this contest, and that ''
against the extension of rights. He would say to \
the Government, in reference to this subject, ■
t( Hands off, and let not the Congress of the United
States lend its power against a majority, now strug- j
glingfor a great principle of liberty against the domi-1
nant power of the minority." And he asked the |
gentleman if this could be called an interference
with the internal concerns of Virginia? It was a :l
refusal to interfere on either side. I
He considered this the only important question |j
the gentleman from Virginia had put to him; and i
he had but little more to add. He had discharged I
his duty on this floor—a duty which led him',
against his own inclinations; and he confessed, |
when he heard the honorable gentleman from Vir- j
ginia [Mr. Hunter] make his address on this floor, i
every feeling of his heart induced him to go with 1
him; but in a great question of this kind, where ;
fundamental right is concerned, and where the at- ,
tempt is made by the action of this Government to i,
retard the progress of freedom, he could occupy no
other position than that of opposition to it. The
accomplishment of this great measure—the exten-
sion of the right of suffrage—which was raised at
the present time in Virginia, would be defeated or !
retarded for more than ten years by the passage of
this bill. He trusted that the Congress of the Uni-
ted States would not give it its sanction, at least
until it had received a more complete investiga-
tion.
Mr. BAYLY said he had not designed to take
any part in this discussion, nor should he now have ,j
risen to do so, were it not for the very extraordi-
nary speech which they had just heard from the
member from Alabama. This was now the third ,,
session in which he had been a member of this ji
House. During that time, he had heard many jl
speeches at which he was amazed; but among them li
all he had never heard one at which he was so pro- ji
foumlly astonished as that which they had just II
heard delivered from the gentleman from Alabama, li
If there was a member on this floor who had uni- ||
formly shown a greater degree of indignation—!'
who had uniformly more constantly lashed himself !:
into excitement, when members from other States >1
had undertaken to interfere with the domestic con- ;!
cerns of the State which he has the honor in part l|
to represent—if there was one who had signalized ij
himself on such occasions, it was the gentleman !■
from Alabama. And yet he undeitook to come IJ
before the House of Representatives, to drag be- ]
fore it the domestic policy, the politics of our State, j i
and Mr B, took leave to say, utterly to misrepre- j;
sent the feelings and opinions of that section in !,
which he resided.
Mr. PAYNE, (in his seat.) I do not doubt that,
sir. I do not doubt that. j
Mr. BAYLY (continuing.) Who gave the gen- I j
tlcnian from Alabama a commission to come here ji
and invoke the Congress of the United States to
take part in the local politics of Virginia? Where 'l
did thegentleman find his commission tocomeand >!
invoke Congress to take part with the western por- j
tion of Virginia (as he is pleased to say) against
the eastern ? I deny that he has any such authori- [I
ty. Without meaning any personal offence to the ji
gentleman, for whom I have no other than kind jj
feelings, I say it is a most impertinent interfe- i:
rence—an interference for which we do not thank jl
him—an interference which mydistinguished friend ;!
[Mr. Johnson] from the western portion of Vir-
ginia, with his statesmanlike devotion to that sec-
tion, with an ability which I undertake to say that
gentleman can never equal, does not thank him.
That gentleman, here speaking for the western
portion of Virginia, has repudiated the kindness of
j the gentleman from Alabama as emphatically as I
1 repudiate his description of the feelings that actu-
ate the eastern portion.
That gentleman says a contest is going on in
Virginia between those in favor of the extension of
the right of suffrage and those opposed to it, and
has undertaken to say that these sets of opinions
are geographically divided. I deny that fact. In
eastern Virginia there are as zealous, and I beg leave
to say, as able advocates of the extension of the
right of suffrage as are to be found in the Com-
monwealth. Whence does the gentleman get his
information ? I do not come here to speak of my
own opinions. This House has nothing to do with
them. It is not the proper occasion for me to un-
dertake to express these opinions, and still less to
sustain them. I undertake to say, however, that
there may be no mistake about it, that there is no
more zealous advocate of the right of suffrage than
I am.
But not one of the least astonishing portions of
the gentleman's speech was, that, whereas he was
so anxious to extend the, right of suffrage to all
the people of Virginia, he is taking the course, and
the only course, that can prevent the extension of
that right to the two thousand and more voters of
the city and county of Alexandria. If the gentle-
man would display his zeal for the right of suffrage,
let him go to extend it to the citizens of Alexan-
dria, to whom, under this bill, as wide an exten-
sion of the right of suffrage was made as anybody
can ask for. That bill refers the question to all
the male white inhabitants, without any exception,
but paupers, lunatics, and felons. And I un-
dertake to say, without fear of contradiction, that
if this retrocession take place, every voter in the
portion ceded of this District will be the ally of
those who go for the extension of tile right of suf-
frage.
Butthe gentleman undertook further to say, that,
on the call of a convention, there was a geograph-
ical division. Mr. B. denied that fact. There
was no such division. The county (Accomac) in
which he lived voted at the last, session of the
Legislature of Virginia for a call for a convention.
From time immemorial almost—for he supposed
twenty or thirty years—had that old and venerated
county uniformly voted in the same way. And
yet the gentleman from Alabama, with these facts
staring him in the face, undertook to tell this House
that eastern Virginia is against a call for a conven-
tion to correct the errors in her constitution. The
gentleman was mistaken; before he came here to
talk about our local politics, he had better learn
something of them; and if well informed on the
subject, he utterly denied the right of the gentle-
man to enter into it at all.
He had not risen to enter into the merits of the
discussion. He had heard no answer yet to the
argument of his colleague, the chairman of the
Committee for the District of Columbia, [Mr.
Hunter.] Till that argument was answered, it
seemed to him that they were not called upon to
argue the question further.
liut Mr. B. begged leave to state a fact about
which, in the heat of debate, there seemed to have
been some misunderstanding. My friend [Mr.
Johnson] denied the assertion of my friend from
Richmond, [Mr. Seddon,] that the Legislature of
Virginia was unanimous on the subject of retro-
cession. My colleague did not mean to deny that
fact, as I am informed.
Mr. JOHNSON (Mr. B. yielding) said it was
proper to state that, owing to the difficulty of hear-
ing m the Hall, he understood his colleague, [Mr.
Seddon,] when he said Virginia was unanimous
on the subject, to allude to the subject of a con-
vention. He learned, however, that in his re-
marks, he [Mr. S.] had reference to the vote on
the retrocession of Alexandria. On that I was
not informed, and when I said the vote had not
been unanimous, my remark alluded to the ques-
tion of convention.
Mr. BAYLY (resuming) said he would not go
into the discussion with his colleague in reference
to Virginia politics; but for the information of the
gentleman from Alabama, who seems to take so
much interest in the affairs of Virginia, it was a
very singular fact, that in the late convention of
Virginia, which formed our present constitution
there was but one solitary delegation which pre-
sented throughout an undivided front in favor of
the West, and that delegation was from this very
district—this very Loudoun and Fairfax district.
