786
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
expressed by the Senator from I tela ware. But I
am otilev than the Senator from Kentucky. 1 re-
collect the time when a man could not get up, even
in the Senate, and congratulate any member of it
for the expression of sarh a sentiment, lhank
God I can do it now ! I believe there is not a man
on that side of the chamber that is not ready to go
just as far as I would. It was the recollection of
a very different state of things, to which 1 have
never before alluded in this place, and hope never
hereafter to allude, that prompted tluxt honest and
sincere congratulation. Congress has power to
declare war; but, 1 repeat, one nation can make a
war. In Europe, as 1 remarked, there have been
numerous examples of that. I merely repeat that
any one nation may go to war, and, of necessity,
put its antagonist in a state of war.
Mr. DAVIS said: I concur in the division of the
message for the purposes of reference. I do not
think that the time for the discussion of the grave
and solemn question involved has yet arrived. But
it must necessarily arrive when the legislative body
of the United States is asked to act on the subject.
Then will come the proper time for the discussion
of it; and then I hope it will be fully discussed. I :
hope it will then be examined and piobed to the!
bottom. For one, I am right willing to give my I
support to the national dignity and honor, and to •
repel an invasion of this territury, by giving to the j
President all suitable, means for that purpose, ^tet
we have a right, and it is our duty, to know whether i
the territory of this country has been invaded. :
That's the question to be considered here and to lie ]
discussed here; and I confess, for one, that some j
portions of the message—which I shall not attempt j
to characterize till I see it 111 print—some portions j
of the message strike me with a considerable de- j
grcc of surprise. We are told in that document
that the blood of American citizens lias been spilt j
on our soil. This may be so. It may be tiue. i
But in the same message we aie told that there is j
a question of boundary between us and Mexico, j
and an unsettled question; and that the Minister 1
was sent there from here for the purpose of nego-
tiating that very question. Well, now, the Presi-
dent may mean, for aught I know, that this ques-
tion of debatable ground does not exist where the
army is at present locatcd. It is said, also, hi the
message that there are certain proofs of action on
the part of this "Government, tending to show that
this territory is ours. If 1 recollect right, it was
said that ports of entry had been established, and
an officer of the revenue appointed. If that he so—
if it were true that there was an intention on the
part of this Government, by these ai ts, to spread
its revenue laws indefinitely over anything which
fied. The President has done his duty manfully.
As to the constitutionality of the procedure, I
would only at present revert to what was done
under the late Administration, when my friend on
the right [Mr. Calhoun] was a member of it, with
respect to the sending of a fleet to Vera Cruz, and
an army into Texas, and that before we had pass-
ed upon the admission of Texas into the Union.
But I shall not go into this subject now. I am
quite content with the declaration of the Senator,
that he is willing to vote supplies to repel an inva-
sion of a territory which he says is not our own.
Mr. J. l\l. CLAYTON said : The remarks of
the Senator from Arkansas [Mr. Sevier] render
it necessary for me to say something in reply.
' The President of the United States has ordered the
I army to take up a position oil the. loft bank of the
| Rio Grande; and in obedience to instructions from
' the Executive, the general commanding has taken
; up a position in front of the town of Matamoras.
1 1 understand, and there is no dispute about the
i fact, that the general who established his camp
i there, has a battery of cighteen-pounders pointing
! at the town, and that the Rio Grande has in fact
been blockaded, so as to exclude supplies from the
Mexican fuiics. It is well known that this was
done without consulting Congress; it was done
without consulting (he Senate of the United States,
and, so far as I understand, without even commu-
nicating the movements of the army to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, or any other committee
of this body. Before 1 proceed further, I wish to
put one question to the chai) man of the Committee
on Military Affairs, [Mr. Benton.] I desire to
know whether, on any foi nicr occasion during this
session, any information has been received by that
committee, from which he could form an opinion
of the motives or objects of the Executive in send-
ing an army to that place > I desire to know if lie
has any information of the object of sending the
troops tlnther ? Is there any settlement to be pro-
tected there ? I await a reply.
Mr. BENTON answered that nothing more was
known to him, as chairman of tSic Committee on
Military Affairs, than was in the possession of
every other Senator. All the knowledge he had on
the subject was derived from the documents before
the Senate. '
Mr. CLAYTON proceeded: There has been,
then, I presume, no communication. No commit-
tee is in possession of the views of the Executive;
so that the Senate is not at fill tn any way respon-
i sible for the conduct of the Kxecutive, or for the
' moving of an aimy to that point. Now, I say, so
j far as I undei stand the subject—and I am impelled
_ _   i to make the lemark in consequence of the observa-
they might call Texas, I for one misapprehended It tions of the. Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. Sevier.]
tiie tenor of the act altogether. I never supposed jj —that the whole conduct of the Executive in this
that any revenue system was to be established on J ease has been utterly unjustifiable. If the acts of
debatable ground. I never imagined that the rev- j the Executive do not amount to acts of war, they
emie laws of the United States were to be extended : are acts which necessarily tended to provoke war,
my idea of the act. 1 may have entirely misap- jj take the occasion to say now and at the time to
prehended it, but that was the view taken of it by j, which he refers, when the discussion is to come off,
Mr. WESTCOTT said a port of entry is estab-
lished at Corpus Christi.
Mr. DAVIS. I was under the impression that
1 will repeat that. I condemn theconduetof the Ex-
ecutive. I do not see on what principle it can be
shown that the President, without consulting Con-
eress and obtaining its sanction for the procedure,
it was on the east side of the river, that it. was to j: had a right to send an army to take up a position,
be limited to undebatable ground, without intend- ; where, as ltmust have been foreseen, the inevitable
ing to advance any opinion m this stage of the I consequence would be war. But I will not go on
matter. It is necessary that we proceed to the ex- I with this debate. I think it out of place.^ My
amination of this subject with deliberation and justification, however, will I hope be found in the
candor, as was so welfoxpn'ssrd by the gentleman [ necessity of replying to the remarks of the Senator
fiom South Carolina, [Mr. C.u.nocs.] For one,
I enter on the examination of this question with-
out any previous prejudice whatever, with an
honest disposition to ascertain the truth. But if ■
it turns out that this territory is debatable ground,
a serious responsibility rests somewhere, and pre- .
from Arkansas
Mr. SEVIER rejoined: One word of teply to the
Senator from Delaware, and a very brief reply in-
deed is all that is required. He seems to express
some surprise that an army should be sent to the
Rio del Norte. I need not tell him that the army of
sents the question of war in a very different aspect jj the United States is always moved from one point
from what it would have possessed had the inva-j. to another in theUnited States without asking Con-
sion been made within the acknowledged limits of jj gress. We have a Commander-in-Chief, a Secre-
tins country. This is all I wish at present to say jj taiy of War, and a President, who always decide
on the subject. p on the proper disposition of the army. We have
Mr. SEVIER. I have only one word to say in j j admitted Texas into the Union. Its frontier was
reply: and that is, that whenever the day of reck- :1 threatened with invasion, and the Legislature and
oning comes in regard to the action of the Admin- jj Executive of the State called on our aid. W^ts it
istration in ordering the army to the Del Norte, I then necessary to pass an act of Congress before
am ready to meet any opponent. The Executive j ; any portion of the army could be sent on that ser-
has done precisely what the national interests re- i j vice? How would it have been with Delaware, his
quired, and what the Constitution and laws justi- il own State, or any other State of the Union, in a
similar case? Would all aid have been refused till
application was made to Congress,' and till' it autho-
rized the order sending a portion of the army to dfi-
fend thefVontier? And thenthe Senator may grave-
ly ask the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs, whether he had been called on ancl inform-
ed of the motives of the Executive in so disposing
of the army. , I think whei\my friend from Dela-
ware looks at this matter with his accustomed
calmness and ability, he will see less to find fault
with than he now seems to perceive. My own
opinion always has been that the army is under
the direction of the President and Commander-in-
Chief, and to be placed where they think proper.
I have never known an act of Congress placing the
army anywhere.
Mr. CLAYTON here asked a question not heard
in the gallery.
Mr. SEVIER replied: All I know is derived!
from the message of the President. The President
tells us that General Taylor—a very worthy and
intelligent officer—was directed to take post on the
Del Norte at some proper time. He had full dis-
cretion—ample discretion; he was ordered to sur-
vey that river, and to take up post upon it at such
a point as, in his judgment, would be occupied
most advantageously to the national interests. He
did so. Well, if there is any blame, on whose
shoulders does it fall ? Does it fall on tlie Presi-
dent? When he sends a man high in the service,
capable, experienced, and, I suppose, enjoyin'gthe
full confidence of the party on the opposite side of
the chamber—and when that officer is allowed the
exorcise of ample discretion—I ask, is it fair ami
magnanimous to blame the President for it? I
think not. I understand that General Scott was
himself consulted about this very post, and that
he, General Taylor, and General Wool—three of
our highest military men—examined the matter
and located that post after due consultation, , But
my main remark is this, that if the post was in-
judiciously selected, the President is not to be
blamed, as he gave the commanding officer a carte
blanche, as to the location of it.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON. The Senator from Ar-
kansas has not addressed himself at all to the chief
point which I presented. I have no official inform-
ation as to whether any of the generals had any-
thing to do with the location of the post. I have
nothing to do with that, I do not suppose, how-
ever, that it will be found, on investigation, that
the information of the Senator from Arkansas is
correct.
Mr. SEVIER. So I was told this morning.
But I did not moan to say that it was from an offi-
cial source.
Mr. CLAYTON. I rather think that it will be
found, when the matter'is properly investigated,
that the President informed them that it was de-
cided to take possession of the Rio Grande, and
asked where the post should be located; and that
the point opposite Matamoras was suggested, to
which they may have assented. But I doubt much
whether the generals have recommended in ad-
vance of the Executive any position whatever on>
this river, or that they even recommended that the
left bank of it should be occupied at all. But that
is neither here nor there. If they had, that does
not exonerate the President and his Administration
of the responsibility under which they labor. The
question isr Was it proper? was it right? The
honoiable Senator from Arkansas said that it was
proper for the defence of the frontier of Texas, and
necessary for the defence of Texas. Let us look
at that for a moment. Was it necessary to take
up a position on the left bank of the Del Norte?
Was not the former position at Corpus Christi
quite sufficient? Why was it necessary to cross
the desert, and take up a position immediately in
front of the friendly town of Matamoras? Why
was it necessary to take up that position, with the
batteries pointed against the town at a distance of
not more than five hundred yards from its envi-
rons? It was an aggressive act; an. act which the
civilized world will so designate. It was as much
an act of aggression on our part as is a man 's
pointing a pistol at another's breast. But there is
another matter to which I alluded, and to which
the Senator did not think proper to pay any atten-
tion, and that is the blockade of the riser. The
honorable Senator with, I must be allowed to say,
amusing naivete, endeavored to throw the respon-
sibility of all this on the officer in command of the
army. Now I am well persuaded that, whenever
