1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
787
the facts are fully developed, it will appear that
General Taylor has done nothing but what he
was ordered to do; that he will bl-fully justified
? instructions which he received in every
Farti?i ? conduct. ! protest against this attempt
to shift the responsibility from the Government
to- the shoulders of the commanding officer act-
tag sn atnet accordance with its instructions. It
va unjust towards that officer. In .the peculiar cir-
cumstances . in -which tVie Administration have
placed him-, it is glaringly unjust. I do com-
plain—I am justified in complaining with some
indignation—that any attempt should be made, in
any charter, to cast the responsibility of the Ad-
ministration on the officer in command of the
troops. What is the meaning of this attempt, in
the quarter from which it has emanated? I will
not pretend to say. These are the mallei's to
winch, in that debate to which my friend has
pointed, I shall call his attention. 1 will give the
subject that calm and dispassionate consideration
which he desires, I have already endeavored to
do so. I have felt that these acts of the Executive
ought to be condemned—I. do condemn them. I
think that they will be condemned by the people
of the United States. By these acts we have been
precipitated into a war with a friendly nation.
Congress has not been consulted, nor either branch
of it. The President of the United States has the
power to provoke war, perhaps the power to carry
on war, without the consent of Congress, but he
has not the right to do -it; and whilst. I, and my
friends on this side of the House, in obedience to
the dictates of patriotism, as I trust, are ready to
vote all the money in the treasury, and all that
is necessary, if there is not enough there, for tjte
purpose of defending the country, and vindicating
its honor and character, I think wo have some
right to call on gentlemen on the other side of the
Rouse, and ask of them to abjure the spirit of
party, calmly afld fairly to weigh the acts of the
Administration, although it i« the Administra-
tion of their own choice; and when they see that
done by the Executive which they, in their eon
sciences, cannot approve, to join with ua in con-
demning it openly, m the face' of Heaven and all
men.
Mr. ALLEN arose and said he had no desire to
protract the discussion, but he wished to say lie
thought any censure of the President premature,
because there had not yet been time to examine
the facts communicated by the Executive; and it
was for that reason that he thought it extremely un-
just towards the President that any Senator -should
begin this business by denouncing him—tiy char-
ging- errors on the Government, and accusing it of
being the aggressor, before there is time to exam-
ine the state of the case. This ho thought a very
bad beginning, if they wanted the war to be suc-
cessful—if they wanted to sustain the honor and
dignity of the country. If they desired tlmt., they
made a bad commencement, before the public, doc-
uments the President hud sent there were printed,
to premise that the Executive had been the aggres-
sor, and to place all the moral wrong; on the head
of our own Government by one of its brandies.
He would say aguin, it was a bad beginning.
War was not prosecuted alone by arms. It was
not steel that constituted the chiof power in modern
times, but the opinions of mankind, the will of the
country. That constituted the power, rather than
the steel placed in the hands of soldiers, And
how were they husbanding that power? Why,
when the very first announcement of tin invasion
is made, it was thundered forth that the United
States Government was in the wrong—that we
were the aggressors. That might be wise in the
judgment of Senators on the other side; but he
(Mr. A.) believed, on second reflection, not one
would be found to say it was not unwise. He
thought it premature to condemn the Executive
before the documents which had been laid before
them had been printed. The Senator from Del-
aware inquired how it happened that that river
was blockaded. The answer was given 111 the
message. The river was blockaded to cut oft
supplies from the Mexican army, after, and m
consequence of, the Mexican commander having
announced the fact that a state of hostilities had
.commenced. That was the reason of-tlie blockade.
In regard to the position of the army on the Rio
Del Norte, he would say, as the President had said
in his message, that the military reasons on which
he acted came from the highest military autjioi-
ity now in the country, and came, too, in such
an intelligible form as would enable the Senate
to see its propriety. He, was then speaking of
the military reasons. In regard to the political
reasons for talcing up a position on the Rio Grande
at all, these were questions the Senate would dis-
cuss for itself afterwards. Most Senators said they
were willing to provide the means for defending the
country; but there were those who questioned the
policy which led to its necessity. When that great
question should be opened there—when the politi-
cal reasons on which the Administration acted in
ordering the army to take up a position on the Rio
Grande—when the time to discuss those questions
came, he (Mr. A.) promised there would he men
found there able to render such good and satisfac-
tory reasons, as would fully justify the course of
the Executive, No man disputed the absolute ne-
cessity, the urgency, the instant need there was of
providing for the defence of the country. After
that came the great question of political reasons for
placing the army where it was. By the time that
came up, these documents would be printed; Sen-
ators would have time to rcflect, and come to such
conclusions as the state of facts justified. But he
had arisen merely to say, he arretted to hear the
cool, cautious, and deliberate Senator from Dela-
ware* [Mr. Clayton] foiling into the error, as he
(Mr. A.) conceived U to be, of pronouncing judg-
ment against his country, before it was heard, i
before its own or any other tribunal. Armies had i
been marched before without consulting Congress; j
and he remembered a remarkable instance, in which ;
a part of the army of the United Suites was order-
ed to change position, and take up another near a j
scene that was about to lie transacted in Rhode \
Island; and it was not thought necessary that the [
Senate should call on the Executive for its rensons !
fordoing so. No; there was then a great political 1
struggle goinir on, The Pnsulent thought he had ;
reasons to anticipate a breach of the public peace, i
and a violation of public order; and without con- i
suiting the Senate or House of Representatives, lie j
ordered detachments of the army t(> march and take j
up their position, Tluu wns to repel an invasion ;
by Americans, not by Mexicans—mi invasion of!
Americans on arbitrary institution*. There was
no call made in the .Senate or Houxo of Represent- :
ntives, to inquire into the leasons for ordering the
army to march on that occasion. He hoped the
miestion would not be further debated, but that all '
tlie opinions that should be formed prejudicial to
the action of the Government, or calculated to par-
alyze its efforts on that subject, would be suspend-
ed till the documents were "primed, and all the facts
and reason* were in the possession of Senators.
Mr. CLAYTON said he was in no degree re-
sponsible for thm debate. His observations had
been drawn forth by the remarks of the Senator
from Arkansas, [Mr. SavrEit.] He (Mr. Clay-
ton) would say that he had expressed no judgment
whatever oil the acta of the Executive, none. J lis
country was a diiTercnt tiung fiom the Executive. ;
Ho complained of the acts of the Administration, ;
and he would say, from the information they had ,
received, the Senator from Arkansas was not jus- j
tilled in attempting a vindication of all that had *
been done. That was all. But the gentleman from !
Ohio [Mr. Alj.kn] next turned on him, and said '
he (Mr. 0.) had pronounced judgment against the ;
country. tie had pronounced judgment against 1
nothing, but hrnl called in Question certain acts of i
thus Government. He would not. then go on with |
that discussion, because it was out of place; but |
lie would tell the gentlemen from Ohio and Arkan- i
sas, that although he would not throw the gauntlet
of debate at the feet of any one, yet when that sub-
ject was brought up, he would attempt to show )
that the President, m ordering the army to take up r
a position on the Rio Grande—to take a step which j
must necessarily lead us into collision with a friend- !
iy and neighboring country—did an act which was j
not justifiable. 1
JVJr. CALHOUN briefly corrected an allusion of j
the Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. Sevier,] to the ,
acts of the Executive, while he was a member of j
it, in regard to the direction of the army, which, |
lie said,' had been ordered to Texas to repel the J
aggressions of the Indians.
Mr. SEVIER intimating that he was not yet 1
entirely satisfied, I
Mr. CALHOUN remarked, that when the prop-
er time should come, he would satisfy the Senator. |
Mr. HOUSTON arose, and Observed that hehad i
I no wish to protract the discussion; but he had one
j or two remarks to make, to which he asketj the at-
| tention of the Senate. He thought the question
| before them was one of the first importance, and
j that, until the documents which accompanied the
j message had been disposed of in the right direction,
j gentlemen could not have the opportunity of ac-
| quaintmg themselves with the state of facts. The
• reasons were given in the message for .placing Gen-
' cral Taylor on the left bank of the Rio Grande;
. and in taking up that position, he (Mr. H.) had
] no doubt it would be admitted on all hands as the
I neccssary course, and that suggested by the emer-
| gencies of the country. He did not intend entering
■ then into a discussion, because he did not wish to
j! produce delay; because he thought the state of
things required prompt action—not discussion.
• Kvery indication which had been given, went to
; show the consequences would have been the same,
. whether the army occupied a position on the Rio
; Grande or at Corpus Christi. A declaration of
' war had been made by the President, or, rather,
! the usurper of Mexico; his generals reiterated it,
1 and told General Taylor that war should be begun
: if he did not icmove from his position. He would
1 not blame the Administration for not being respon-
i siblc for General Taylor, but he was convinced the
! Government was responsible for what had been
| done—the Executive was responsible—and in as-
; suming that position he could justify it. The
i American people will do it; the national honor
. required it. That was not an occasion of ordinary
importance; it was one which required action, not
1 words; not discussion in advance of information,
! and in anticipation of what may or may not be
] the question. Whether that war was constructive
: or actual, he thought American troops on Ameri-
' can soil, recognised before the annexation of Texas
as Texian territory, and, by adoption, now Amer-
j ienn territory, would not fail to vindicate their
■ honor and repel aggression. American blood had
been shed on it. That soil had been consecrated
; before to them, and their rights must be defended,
j He hoped the question would be put.
; Mr. CRITTE-XDEN wished to know whether
: the documents communicated contained a letter
fiom the Mexlean Secretai y*of last October, agree-
■ ingto receive a Minister or Commissioner from the
United States,
Mr. SEVIER. There is a letter from our con-
sul.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. From our consul, then;
that is all. I was induced to make the inquiry from
seeing in the correspondence with our Minister
there a denial of the fact.
Mr. SEVIERunderstood that the American con-
sul, at the intimation of his Government, asked the
Government of Mexico whether it would accept a
Minister from our Government. The answerwas,
1 " Yes," and he communicated the fact to the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. There is but one ques-
tion mote I wish to ask; that is, whether those
documents contain any order for the removal of
our troops from Corpus Christi to the llio Grande?
Mr. ALLEN suggested that the best way would
be lo read the index of the documents.
The Cleik having read the index,
Mr. CASS presented the letter of the Mexican
Minister of Foreign Allaire, expressing the willing-
ness of Ins Government to receive a Minister from
the United States.
Mr. CRITTENDEN observed that, so far, he
could not discover there was m the bst of papers
alluded to anything which showed on what order
General Taylor acted; and he thought it was right
that the whole matter should be laid before the
American people.
Mr. CASS said his authority was found in the
orders of the War Department.
Tlie Clerk here read an order addressed to Gen-
eral Taylor from the War Department, dated Jan-
uary 30, 3840'.
Mr. CRITTENDEN was glad at last to see
what he all along apprehended, that General Tay-
lor acted under the authority of this Government
in taking up his post. He was an officer of great
discretion, with full authority for what he had
done. He thought they might regret the events
communicated by the President's message. In his
opinion, intelligence that ought to be moredistres-
; sing to us had seldom been communicated by any
: President to that, body—very seldom. He (Mr.
I C.) did not look upon it as trifling news. He was
