1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
789
The bill was considered as in committee o.f the
whole, when Mr. B. submitted a few remarks in
support of the amendments?,
t j asked the aggregate increase which
W0 <i ifiade by the amendment.
Mr. BENTON replied that the addition to the
army would be between 6,000 and 7,000.
The question was then-taken on the amendments,
which were agreed to; the bill was reported to the
feenate, and the amendments concurred in.
^^AYTON desired to know if the
bill did not increase the army to about 35,000 men.
Mr. BENTON replied in the affirmative; but
stated that when, in the opinion of the Executive,
jj,e^eD^es country did npt require the
additional force-, the bill provided for the reduction
of the number Of men to sixty-four in each com-
pany, thus dispensing with one-third.
1 he bill was then ordered to a third reading, im-
mediately read a third time, and passed.
Mr. B. also, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill to raise a
vegiment of mounted riflemen for the protection of
emigrants, traders, &c., on the route to Oregon,
and the amendment made thereto by the House of
Representatives providing that the officers for said
regiment should be taken from the regular line of
the United States army, made a report thereon, re-
commending that the Senate dp'not concur in said
amendment.
On motion .of Mr. B., the Senate proceeded to
the consideration of this report, and tlie same was
concurred in.
A joint resolution from the House affirming a
certain act of the Legislative Assembly of Wiscon-
sin, was read twice and referred to the Committee
on Territories.
An act (from the House) for the relief of Wil-
liam Culver was read twice and referred to the
<Jommittee of Claims.
An act (from the House) for the reliff of the
owner and crew of the schooner lixcess was road
twice, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
An act (from the House) for tlio relief of Nathan-
iel Bird was read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
RETROCESSION OF ALEXANDRIA.
An act (from the House) to rctroccdc tho county
of Alexandria, in the District of Columbia, to the
State of Virginia, was read twice, and referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
An act (from the House) making appropriations
for the service of the Post Office Department, for
the year ending June 30, J847, was read twice, and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
The joint resolution for the relief of David Shaw
and SolomonT. Corser, was road a third time and
passed.
An act granting a pension to Richard Elliott was
read a third time ana passed.
THE JUDICIARY.
An act to establish courts of the United States,_
and to provide for the due execution of the laws of
the United States in the State of Florida, was redd
a third time and passed.
Mr. ARCHER moved a reconsideration of the
vote taken on concurring with the recommenda-
tion of the Committee on Military Affairs, to dis-
agree- to the amendment made by the House of
Representatives to the bill raising a regiment of
mounted riflemen, &c., and asked that the subject
should lie over.
Mr. BENTON moved that the Senate should
proceed to a vote upon the motion to reconsider.
Mr. ARCHER objected to taking the question
upon his motion to-day; and after some further
conversation— .
Mr. BENTON withdrew his motion, and moved
that the Senate should proceed to the consideration
of Executive business; which latter motion was
agreed to. _
The Senate then went into Executive session;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
again opened, and
The Senate adjourned.
On motion of Mr. HOPKINS, the rules of the
House were suspended for the purpose of enabling
the committees to be called for reports.
Mr. R. SMITH, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported back the bill making an ap-
propriation to improve the falls on the Ohio river,
accompanied by a report, setting forth the import-
ance of this improvement to the commerce of the
West; which was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed. !
Mr. S. also, from the same committee, offered i
the following resolution: |
Resolved, That the Committee on Engraving be |
instructed to inquire into the expediency of pro- <
viding; a map to aerompany the memorial of Robert ;
Mills, submitting his plan of an improved " road-
way," ordered to be printed by the House; pro- j
vided the said maps shall not cost more than one \
dollar per one hundred copies. ,
Not adopted. i
Mr. BARRINGER, from the Committee on !
Revolutionary Claims, made on adverse report upon I
the petition of Elizabeth Taylor; which report was |
laid upon the table. I
Mr. S12DDON, from the Committee on Invalid !
| Which report and resolution were kid upon the
i Speaker's table,
j Mr. DANIEL, from the Committee of Claims,
made adverse reports upon the petitions of Daniel
I Turnipseed and Joseph Kager; which reports were
j laid upon the table.
! Mr. GRINNELL, from the Committee on Com-
! meree, reported bills of the following titles, viz:
! A bill for the removal of the collector's office for
' the collection district of Bristol and Warren, from
I Bristol to Warren;
i A bill for the relief of the owner and crew of the
; fishing schooner Congress; accompanied by a re-
- port in each case; which bills were read twice, and
; committed.
j On motion of Mr. McCLELLAND.
! Ordered, That the Committee on Commerce be
1 discharged from the consideration of the memo-
' rial of citizens of the county of Philadelphia, in
' the State of Pennsylvania, for a foundry at Port
' Richmond, in the said county; and that it be com-
mitted.
On motion of Mr. RELFE,
Ordered, That the Committee on the Public
Lands be discharged from the consideration of
the resolution of the House of the 1.3th of Jan-
Pensions, made adverse reports upon tho petitions i, .• ~
* T A , i, r-. r \ it 11 A! - uarv hust, relating to granting to Arkansas in tiust
of Jesse ('ampbel, Kmerv Lyman, Asa ilatl, Oha-i! •/,; ' c • i e.iv
x i , ... • i n r* l; the Hot Springs and reservations oi six sec-
diah Hass, Jacob Shade, Stephen lh ian, and i<\ G
Drown; which were laid upon the table. ]j
Mr. S. also, from the same committee, made re- {'
ports upon the following petitions, viz: upon the !■
petition of William Causey, accompanied bv a bill j|
for his lelief; and upon the petition of Wilfred |i
Knott, accompanied by a bill for his relief; which ;j
bills were read twice, and committed. j'
On motion of Mr. SKDDON, <■
Orderedi That the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sion« be discharged from the consideration of the
petition of .T. Wilson's representatives, and that it
i>e committed.
On motion of Mr. PRESTON KING,
Ordered, That the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions be disciplined from the consideration of the
petition of J. Eldridge, and that H be committed.
Mr. MARSJI, fiom the Committee on Patent:
Springs
lions of land around the same; also, from the pe-
tition of the Western Settlement Society of Ohio
for a law to enable them to hold real estate; also,
fiotn the petition of citizens of Washington county,
in Wisconsm Teriitory, to extend the time of
payment for pre-emption lands; and from the pe-
tition of James Morgan of Indiana; and that they
be laid upon the table.
Mr. MOIUUS, from the Committee on Public
Lands, made a report upon the claim of the widow
and heirs of John B. Chapman, accompanied by
a bill for their relief; which bill was lead twice,
and committed,
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported bills of the
following titles, viz:
A bill to amend the 10th section of the act passed
n the 3d of Maich, 1845, entitled''An act to re-
reported a bill in addition to, and amendatory of, j 4 ducc the rates of postage, to limit the use and cor-
t.he several act<* to promote the progress of the use- j ' rect the abuse of the franking privilege, and for
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, May 11,1846.
The Journal of Saturday was read and ap-
proved.
fill arts: which was rend twice, and committed.
Mr. WILLIAM W. CAMPBELL, from the
Commilt.ee on Accounts, reported the following
resolution; which was agreed to, viz:
Resolved, That the Speaker of the House of Rep-
resentatives pay to Wmnsi H. Erockenbroiikh,
out of tlio fund appropriated for the payment of
members, ft432, for fifty-four days' per diem, while
contesting the scat of Edward C. Cabell, as ft Rep-
resentative from the State of Florida.
Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWRLL, from the Com-
mittee. of Claims, made an adverse report upon the
petition of William Sheploy; which was laid upon
the table.
Mr. LUMPKTN, from the Committee on tho
Judiciary, reported a hill dividing the State of
Georgia into judicial districts, and or^'ini/ing and
establishing one additional district court of die Uni-
ted States with circuit powers and jurisdiction;
which was read twice, and committed.
Mr. NIVF.N, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to which was referred so much of the rc-
. port of the Secretary of War as relates to the Mil-
! llnry Academy at West. Point, made a report there-
on, accompanied by a bill relating to the Mihtaiy
Academy at West. Point; which was read twice,
and committed.
Mr. THOMASSON enve notice of a motion for
leave to introduce a hill to provide for the estab-
lishment of'n post-road from the Districtof Colum-
bia to the Columbia river, in the Oregon territory.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on tho
Library, reported a resolution relative to an eques-
trian statue of Washington; which resolution was
rend twice, and committed.
Mr. GORDON, from the select committee np-
! pointed on the 27th of March last upon tho subject
i of the laws of the United States, and the purchase
of a tenth volume of the same, made a report there-
on, and recommended the adoption of the follow-
ing resolution, viz:
"Resolved, That the Clerk of this House cause
to be distributed the tenth volume of the laws of
the United States in tho same manner as the eighth
and ninth volumes were distributed.
the pievention of frauds on the Post Office De-
' partment;" and
A bill to amend the act approved the 3d of March,
1845, entitled " An act to reduce the rates of post-
' age, to liijiit the use and prevent the abuse of the
' franking privilege, and for the prevention of frauds
< on the Post Office Department;" which bills were
read twice, and committed.
Mr. STEPHEN A DAMS, from the Committee
on Private Land Claims, made a report upon the
petition of Anthony Bessey, accompanied by abill
for his relief; which bill was read twice, and com-
mitted.
Mr. A. also, from tho same committee, made a
report upon the petition of Isaac Guess, accom-
panied by a bill for his relief; which bill was read
twice, and committed.
Mr. WICK, from the same committee, made an
adverse report upon the petition of Samuel Reed,
of Pike county, m the Suite of Ohio; which was
laid upon the table.
Mr. W. also, from the minority of the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims, made a favorable re-
port upon the memorial ot Pierre Chouteau and
others, for the confirmation of the Dubuque claim,
in the Territory of Iowa; which report was laid
upon the table.
Mr. WOOD, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, reported a bill authorizing the Secretary of
the Navy to purchase McClintock's mortising and
tenanting machine for the use of the navy, accom-
panied by a report in writing-, which bill was read
twicc, and committed.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, made an unfavorable report upon the pcti-
t'on for a congress of nations; which report was
laid upon the table.
Mr. DOUGLASS, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, to which was referred the bill to enable the
people of Wisconsin Territory to form a constitu-
tion and State government, and for the admission
of such State into the Union, reported an amenda-
tory bill; which bill was committed.
Mr. D. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill disaffirming all laws of the Territory of Iowa
