790
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May II ,
; privileges
led.
; which
and Wisconsin ^runtin^ fmnkt
bill was read tw^v, and e-imnuficu. i
On motion of Mr, RO YD, i
Ordered, That lite Committee on Territories be j
dicharged from the consideration ot the petition of i
the judges of the supreme court and members ot
the bar of Iowa, for an appropriation for a law
library, and that it be laid upoirthe table.
Mr. DILLINGHAM, from the Committee 011
Territories, reported a joint resolution alarming a
certain act of the Legislative Assembly of Wiscon-
sin; which resolution was read a thud time, and
piiy^cd 
Mr. WENT WORTH rose and gave notice that
he would on Monday next, or as soon thereafter
as practicable, call up the bill (heretofore reported
from the Committee on Commerce) making appro-
priations for certain light-houses.
Mr. PKTTIT asked lea\e to oflfur a resolution
(which was read for information) calling (so fai-
ns the reporter could hear) for copies of all orders
given to General Taylor.
Mr. HARALSON and Mr. BRODTIEAD ob-
jected to the reception of the lesohmon.
Mr. PETT1T moved a suspension of the rules.
The SPEAKER said the motion could nut he
entertained, because the House was aheady acting
under a suspension of the mles.
So the resolution was not received.
Mr. ISAAC E. HOLMES asked leave to pre-
sent a memorial from the representatives of the
Chetokee nation, which he desired to have lei er-
red to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Objection was made.
Whereupon, Mr. H. presented the memorial
v.ndtr the rule.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON rose and said, it
would he in the recollection of the House, that the
consideration of the bill to regulate the trade and
intercourse with the Indian tribes in thetemtoiy
of Oregon, and to preserve peace nnd cultivate
friendship with nnd among: the said Indians, had
been postponed to this day.
He moved that its further consideration be post-
poned until Monday next.
Ordered accordingly.
Mr- E. B. HOLMES asked leave to offer a res-
olution, which he desired might be read for infor-
mation.
Objected to.
THE MILITARY ACADEMY.
It was now half-past eleven o'clock.
Mr. McKAY, remarking that some time would
probably yet elapse before a message was received
from the President of the United States, moved
that the House reserve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Which motion having been i\i>rerd lo—
The House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Gordon',
of New York, in the chair.)
On motion of Mr McKAY, the committee pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the following bill:
A BILL making iippiopriiitions foi t'si* suppoitof theMdi-
taiy Academy for tin- \c;u ending on the thntietli June,
eighteen hundred arul foity-^ev.'n
lic.it cnaatcd by the Senate and Haute of fiepre^cntntives of
the United States of America in C'mgtcs* assembled, That
the following sums be, and the f-;uno uw h< reby, appropri-
ated out of anv money in the treasury not otheiwise appro-
priated, for the suppoit of the Miiifuy Avadetny loi tilt; year
ending on the thirtieth Juno, eighteen bundled and foity-
sewn:
For pay of officers, instructor*, cadets and musicians,
seventy-eight thousand nine hundred dollai s;
For commutation of .^ubsutonce, five tliou&and two hun-
dred and fifty-six doli.ns;
For commutation ot foi age foi ofiiceiV horses, two thou-
sand four hundred dolJai*;
For clothing for their servants, four hundred and twenty
dollars;
For repaiis and improvements, ftip} and appa ntus, for-
age for public horses and oxen, ^tatiowry, pun tin a, and
other incidental and contingent expenses, twenty thousand
dollars;
For completing the barracks for cadets, fifteen thousand
doliais.
The bill having been read through,
Mr. SAWYER moved to strike out the enact-
ing clause.
Mr. HOPKINS raised the question of order,
that such a motion was not m order.
A brief conversation followed on the question of
order, when
Mr. SAWYER said it was a matter of indiffer-
ence to him how he accomplished his object; but
he intended to give his vote in accordance with the
motion he had made. He would, however, so
modify it as to move to strike out the first section
of the bill.
Mr. S. said, that after the experience we had
had within the last tew days, he could have very
little confidence in expending money for any such
puipuse as ihe keeping up of this institution.
That was all he had to say.
Mr. JOSEPH J. MctJOWELL desired to in-
quire of the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means [Mr. McKay] whether the appropria-
tions contemplated by this bill were prospective,
or to pay amounts already due?
Mr. McKAY. The bill explains itself on its
face. It makes appropriations for the support of
the Military Academy for the fiscal year ending
on the 30th .Tune, 1847.
Mi. SAWYER now indicated a further motion
to amend, -svhieh, however, was not formally re-
efived, *' that hereafter the institution at West
Point sh.dl he abolished."
The CFl'VIRMAN said the question would be
on ihe motion to strike out the first scction*
Mr. llATHnUN" indicated an amendment, in
the form of an additional section, which was not
now m order, but is hereinafter referred to.
The question was then taken by tellers on the
motion of Mr. Sawyku, and the vote stood, ayes
55, noes 101.
So the committee refused to strike out,the sec-
tion.
Mr. McCONNELL moved to strike out the fol-
lowing item:
" For clothing for their servants, four hundred
and twenty dollars.''
The motion was rejected.
Mr. J. IE. CAMPBELL moved an amendment,
appropriating two thousand dollars [the reporter
thinks] to defray the expenses of a board of visit-
ers.
Which motion wos rejected.
Mr. RATH BUN moved to strike out the fol-
lowing item:
" For completing the barracks for cadets, fifteen
thousand dollars."
Mr. McKAY wast understood to say, (though
quite imperfectly heard,) that Congress had" al-
ready, withm the last two or three years, spent.
large sums of money in crecting barracks for the
accommodation of "the cadets.' One of the old
barracks was defective; and it wo? necessary that
a new one should be erected; and this sum was
necessary to complete the buildings already com-
menced.
Mr. RATHBUN said he was peifectly in ear-
nest in submitting this motionTand he would brief-
ly assign his reasons. He was in favor of abol-
ishing this institution. The action of this House
for some time—it  action in raising; a regiment of
mounted riflemen, and m directing that the officers
should be taken from the citizens of the country,
showed that the feeling against this institution was
strong in this House and strong in the country.
His intention was to offer an amendment providing
that the cadets now in the academy should gradu-
ate according to law; but that on their graduation,
the institution should be abolished. If that amend-
ment should -be agreed to, no more expenditures
would he required for anything connected with the
continuance of the institution. The ordinary ap-
propriations must, of course, be made; but beyond
that he was not in favor of going. He was in
favor of allowing the young men now there to
graduate; and when that is done, he was for wind-
ing up the institution.
The question was then taken by tellers, and the
vote stood, ayes 52, noes 90.
So the committee refused to strike out the item.
Mr. RATHBUN now moved, as an additional
section, an amendment that no cadet should here-
after be appointed to the said Military Academy;
and that, as soon as the present cadets should have
graduated, the said institution should be abolished.
Mr. SAWYER said he had a few words to say
on this motion. The time was now come when
every republican, every honest man, should strike
for his country. He did not wish to baffle the
action of the committee, lior of the House, nor of
the Government; but when he saw such abuses as
be believed existed in this institution, he would no
longer be a faithful representative of a free people
if he did not raise his voice, weak though it might
be, in behalf of the rights of the people.
We are on the eve, (continued Mr. S.,) as X be-
lieve, of an important war—a very important war.
We have been waiting here, in expectation of re-
ceiving a message from the President of this United
States, informing us what is going on on our south-
western frontier. There haye been two or three
propositions in relation to the sabject introduced
joto this House within the last few days—one this
rooming. They have erfl been voted down, under
the expectation that a message would be received
from the President, communicating, without the in-
tervention o>f a resolution of, the House, whatever
information was in his possession- It appears to me
that, under the present circumstances of the case,
the House ought to be acting upon subjects far
more important to us as a nation and a people than
anything we are now engaged in. We are work-
ing in the dark; we are plodding away at things
not interesting to us.
But to the facts. Look to the character of the
news received on Saturday evening. If my will
could have prevailed, Congress should have been
in session yesterday, notwithstanding it was the
Sabbath; and before the sun had set a law should
have been passed ordering amillron of freemen, if
need be, to be raised, tuid sept on their v^ay to that
frontier.. But instead of that, we are lying on our
oars; no message from the President, no action oa
the part of Congress; and here we are proposing;
appropriations—proposing to tax the people to the-
amount of thousands of dollars to support an insti-
tution which is a blight, a mildew, and a curse
upon the nation.
What have we heard from the army of occupa-
tion? The President, as 1 understand the matter,
gave the officer at the head'of thatarpiy power to
call forth the whole force of the nation to his aid.
That officer, either because he deemed it .inexpe-
dient to avail himself of that power, or for the
want of the requisite information, has suffered
himself to be cut off, as it wire; to be surrounded
by the enemy. Thus stands the case now. And
here we are, the Representatives of the people, in
the halls of Congress, delaying our action, and the
President refusing, I am sorry to say, to send us
the information necessary to that action.
Mr. HARALSON here rose, and (turning to
Mr. Sahutsr, and therefiire very doubtfully heard)
was understood to say, that the gentleman was la-
boring under a very great mistake. There had
been no delay or negligence on the part of the Pres-
ident. A message was to be transmitted to both
Houses of Congress at twelve o'clock; it could not
have been transmitted earlier, because the Houses
were not in session yesterday. - The despatches
had been received only on Saturday, late at night.
JNor had there been any negligence or delay on the
part of the commander of the southwestern army.
Mr. SAWYER I am aware of that fact. I am
aware that we have been waiting on the action of
the Senate, and that if that body had not hap-
pened to be in session to-day, we must have
waited until to-morrow. You see the organ, as it
is called. I am bound to say, that I do not see
why it is denouncing this House in connexion with
the Senate for its want of action upon these great
and important subjects. Let it turn its batteries
and its denunciations in the proper direction—that
is, against the Senate—and 1 shall have no objec-
tion. What have toe been doing? Have ice neg-
lected our duty? No. We have passed all the
bills which the President, so far, has asked us to
pass. And where are these bills now? In the
Senate. Yet the gentleman desires that we should
delay still longer. There is a point beyond which
no republieah can be expected to remain silent."
Mr. HARALSON here rose. H-is remark was
not heard by the reporter, but it was understood
to be a denial of the statement that he, or the com-
mittee of which he was a member, desired any de-
lay. On the contrary, he referred to the constant
efforts that he had made during the session-, to
take up and act on the bills reported by that com-
mittee.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish the gentleman to keep
perfectly cool. I have the floor, and I intend to say
fearlessly what I beheye is right. I do not charge
the gentleman, nor do I wish to be understood as
charging the committee of which he is a taember,
with not having done their duty. They have re-
ported bill upon bill; and we have passed every bill
which the Executive has asked. I cas>t no Cen-
sure upon this House; but I do cast-censure oh the
other end of the Capitol. How stands the case
