1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
791
now ? We lia-ve passed the notice. We have passed
the Oregon jurisdiction bill. We have passed the
bill which came from the Senate to provide for the
raising of a regiment of mounted riflemen, and sent
it back to that body with a small amendment.
These—all these bills—have been lying at the other
end of the Capitol for a month, and no action has
been taken" upon them. X say there is not a prom-
inetitmeasure recommended by the President which
this House has not passed.
- Several voices, what do you say of the tariff?
Mr. SAWYER. We are charged with neglect-
ing the tariff. If censure, is to rest anywhere in
relation to that matter, which I do not mean to
charge,, it is with the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means; for everybody knows that
the bill has been reported only a short time. I am i
prepared, and I believe this House is prepared, to
take up that bill at the earliest practicable period,
and to pass it. Why, then, are we censured ?
Because, I suppose, it will not do to cast the whole
of the censure on that highly honorable and digni-
fied body that can sit only three or four days m a
week. They have time enough to attend to the
business of their committees. Yet we are to come
in for a portion of the censure, I hurl it back.
A message from the President being now ob-
served at the centre door—
Mr. BRINKERHOFF suggested that his col-
league, [Mr. Sawyer,] should yield the floor for a
motion that the committee rise.
Mr. SAWYER. I will do so. I rejoice that
my voice has been heard, and that it has brought
a message from the President of the United States.
The committee then, On motion of Mr. BRINK-
ERHOFF, rose and reported progress.
RELATIONS WITH MEXICO.
A message, in writing, was received from the
President of the United States, by the hands of J.
K. Walker, Esq., his Private Secretary.
The message, by unanimous consent, was read.
[See Senate proc.oedings.1
Mr. G. DAYIS asked for the reading of the
documents.
Mr. HARALSON said the correspondence wns
very voluminous; a large portion of it wu.s fVom
our Minister, recently at Mexico, and to read it
would, perhaps, be delaying the action of the
House longer than gentlemen desired. The gen-
eral facts of the correspondence had been detailed
in the President's message. He had referred not
only to the correspondence with the Minister at
Mexico, but also to the correspondence between
General Taylor and the department. And as the
reading would take a considerable tune, lie (Mr.
H.) moved that the message and documents be
laid on the table. ,
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL was understood to say,
he was not sure but that we knew « good deal of
the correspondence between Mr. SliileU and tin.
Mexican Government, inasmuch as it hall been
published by that Government. He did not know
whether this was that correspondence or not.
Mr. HARALSON moved that the message and
documents be laid on the table and printed,and ho
demanded the previous question.
Mr. G. DAVIS suggested, that at least the coi-
respondence between General Taylor and the Dc-
PaMreiiARALSON?a I have made my motion.
A conversation followed on a point "t'order be-
tween Mr. SCHENCK, Mr. G. DAVIS, and the
' SPM?"!cHENCK: called for the reading of the
documents, which led to a point of order, and an
anneal by Mr. Sciienck from the decision made
bv the Chair, which decision the House sustained
Mr. DELANO asked the yeas and nays on the
vnntimi to lav on the table and print.
JVIr. ASHMUN called for the reading of the pa-
PeThe SPEAKER decided that, until the motion
to lav on the table (which was a privileged m
don) was withdrawn, the gentleman could not
make a motion for the reading of the papeis.
Mr. RATHBUN submitted that the pie\ious
The question was taken, and the papers were
ordered to belaid on the table.
The question recurring on the printine,
Mr. WINTHROP called for the reading.
Objected to. , , ,
The SPEAKER put the question, and declared
the decision of the House to be, that the papers
should not be read.
Some conversation followed on a point of order
between Mr. SCHENCK and the SPEAKER.
Mr. SCHENCK moved a reconsideration of the
vote by which the reading had been refused, and
asked the yeas and nays, which were ordered.
Mr. L. II. SIMS moved to lay the motion to
reconsidcr on the table. .
Mr. SCHENCK asked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered, and being taken, were yeas 116, nays
69.
So the motion to reconsider was Ii\id on the table.
The question recurring on the demand tor the
previous question, (on the motion to Pr',1,i) rc
After xome conversation between Messrs. FKhb-
TONKINCt, HARALSON", and the SPEAKER—
Mr. HARALSON (explaining that his object
was, that such portions of the correspondence as
mi°ht be deemed necessary should be read in Com-
mittcc of the Whole, on the state of the Union)
moved that the papers l>e taken trom the table, and
referred to that committee.
Ordered accordingly.
And, after some further conversation, the pre-
vious question was seconded. I he mam question
was ordered, and the papers were ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HRODTIEAD indirated, but did not press,
a motion to print an additional number ot copies.
On motion of Mr. HARALSON', the. 1 louse re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and proceeded to the eonsidera-
tion of the following bill:
A HIM- to uuthotize lln* PicsmUmi! of the rmt<n! Si.th'*,
uw!*'i ci'rtaui i,outing''iici<,s liit'ivui ntinien, to aeeejit the
servKT* of volunteers, ami for other puipot-r*.
He il nuietcd h, IhcSnuttc awl //>« sr of Re preset nHic* of
the United Mute* of .fannira in Oonmcassembled, that
Uio PioHtent of the Tinted Srite* he, ami he is hereby, ;tu-
thnri/eii to resist unv attempt which iimv he made <m the
nan nf'auv nation, to evehwve jmiMliolion ovci any
part of lb'-" tei t itoiy <>t the rmled State's, or any ternary in
donate between the IJmrrd State-, and any t<uei n (.oveni-
meat; tw well as aNo to sustain the rifflit^ ot the 1'intert
States to, and to repel inva^on upon, the *ai<l terntory; and
for tin* purpo-o, to employ the naval and military force* ot
the United States, and smeh portions of the militia as he may
deem advisable to eall into service.
Rfo.2. Jhtdbeit fmihev eniwled, J hat the militia, when
,.ailed into service'of the United Htal e  by
act, or itnv other net, may, it In the opinion of the Presl-
rtonf of tire United States the public interest requiroa n, be
compelled to wm v« for iu«rm notexepodina six months alter
their arrival at the place ot rendo&vouH, in any one ) ear,
unless sooner dtsehanred.
t^KO 3. And ha U further minted. That Hi the event of
actual invasion of the lerritoiv of the United Mates hv any
1'oi'oian l'owcr, or if, In the opinion of the President ot the
United States, there he imminent danger of such invasion,
or of"hostilities with wiv foreign Tower, he he, and is here-
by authorized, if he deem* tha «ame expedient, to call for
and aeeertt the ser\iees of any number of volunteerP, not
•xefledin!? thousand, who may offer their services.
  ^ *
* The SPEAK.KK saiuyecr, but in addition to that,
X he or mi j , wag not debatable.
' ^TirSPEAKERand Mr^OTHROP!*
tWMr. WINTHROP asked a division of the ques-
tion; which was ordered.
exefleitinu muu-muu,  ..«V  ; 
either a* eavalrv, artilleiy, mtantry, or nllemen, to serve
six or twelve months after th<'> t-hail have arrived at the
nhiee of rendexvou^, utiles soom-r di^eharffod ; and the said
volunteers shall furnish their own elothes. and, it eav-
ulrw tlieir own lior^is; and, when mustered into scmor,
shall be armed and equipped at the expense of the United
i 'it.'1 ^
firr. • . Jlnd he it further enacted, That said volunteers
shall 111* liable to lie called upnn to du military duly only in
cases such <is urn mentioned m the firstand third sections of
this aft- and when culled into aoiual service, and while re-
mainine therein, shall he subject to the rules and articles of
win, and shall be. in nil respects, except a« to clotlnnR and
mv, Iilnced on the same footing with similar corps of tile
United States armv; anil in tieu of clothing, every non-
commissioned officer ,111(1 private in any company, who nmy
tlnn offei himself, shall he entitled, when called into actual
sei vice, to receive in money a sum equal to the cost ot
elothmj; of a ooa-enminibSHmcd ofheer or prnate (an the
c isc iimv he) in tile regular troops of the United States.
Sec ri -fed '« il farther eimi-d, That the said volunteers
so oiTeriinr tlieir services shall he accepted by the President
in companies, battalions, squadrons, and regiments, whose
officers shall he appointed in the maimer prescribed by law
in the several States ami Territories, to which such com-
panies, battalions, squadrons, and lcgimenta shall respect-
1VSECb 6°'ifJu« he it further made*. That the President of
the United States ho, and he is hereby, aathom-ed to otgan-
' r/e roiiiiv.ni''"- so tendering their services into battalions or
™.Wdron> battalions and squadrons into regiments, regi-
ment- into brigades, and brigatles into divisions, as soon as
be number of volunteers shall render such organization, m
II S iud ment. expedient; and shall, hy and with the advice
a ■the Senate, appoint the generals of brigade and division,
« the aencral staff, as now authorized by law: ProvUj-d
"«r, That major general* and brigadier generals shall
have me appointment of their own aids-de.-eamp; ani1 the
Pr >.ul< nt shall, if necessary, appoition the staff, field, ana
general officers among the respective States and Territories
from which the voluuteeis shall tender then services,
may deem MO(«r. ^ the volunteere „ho
fx i„Stl into the service of the United States hy virtue
he entitled to all the hen-
eftt which mny bo conferred on persons wounded in the
8°f^™tt/S'cMcfcd, That, in the event of
either of the eontinsencips mentioned in
public armed vessels now authorized ^
cha-e oi charter, arm, equip, and man such raerenant es
scN and  tcauiboats as, upon «aimnanon, mOTbe found
or easily convened into armed vessels St tor the public ser
?,ce and in such number as he may deem nec«*ary for t e
protection of the. seaboard, lake co.bt, and the general
(ejone<'of tlieeounfry.
firC. 9. And be it. further enacted, That the sum of
millions of dollar., out of any moneys m the ^^
come into the trea-uiy, not otlierwbc approptwtcd, be, iold
the «ame hereby appropriated, for the puipo->e of carij ^
tile provi.mn, of ihii aet'into effect; and that the Portent
of the United Stat(;s be authorized to use the same as soon
as, m his opinion, the same may become neccpsary.
Sff.U). Aiul be it further emitted, Phat, whenever the
nnhtia or volunteers are called and ret eived into the service
of the United States, under the provisions .ot thisi act,^thcy
shall have the organization of the awny ot the United btaUv,
: and shall have the same pay and allowance^, except _asi fol-
lows, to wit: Privates of mtantry, artitleiy, and nttumn
i shall receive eight doll.ns pel month, and privates ot inl-
i iimccr mounted corps twmty dollars per month, for their
I services and the use and risk of their horses.
: Si-C 11. Jitid he it further enncted, That the several pro-
vtsious of this act sliidl he m fo.cefor the term of two years
; from the ilate of the passage thereof, and no longer.
! The bill was rend, and considerable conversation
I followed on a call for the reading of Uie docunients.
The committee, on motion of Mr. i>ivIiNi.vjiiiv-
j I-IOFF, then roue and reported progress.
! Mr. BIllNKKlUIOFF offered a resolution to
(•lose the debate in committee in two hours.
Mr D'VKUAGII moved that the resolution be
I Uiid on the table, and asked the yeas and nays;
i which were refused.
| And the question being; taken, tne resolution
j was not laid on the tabic. .
il The demand for the previous question was then
H seconded, and the main question (on the adoption
I of the resolution) was ordered.
Mr. SC [I UNCI? asked the yeas and nays; which
! were refused; and then the resolution was adopted.
1 Whereupon, the House again resolved itself mlo
Committee of the Whole oil the state of the Union,
(Mr. Hopkins, of Virginia, in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the said bill.
The reading of certain portions of the documents
was ordered, and about an hour and a half was
occupied in the process.
The reading having been concluded—
Mr. BRINKERHOFF (a member of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs) said he had a substi-
tute for the first section of this bill, which he de-
sired to be read, and to say a very few words in
explanation of the object for which lie offered it.
Mr. HARALSON. Will the gentleman allow
me to state to the committee the amendments
which I intend to oiler from the Committee on
Military Affairs ?
Mr. GIDDINGS rose to a question of order.
In the first communication from General Taylor,
[ he spoke of the protest of the civil authorities of
Tamaulipas which accompanied that paper. Mr.
G. wished to know if that protest had been read.
The CHAIRMAN replied that all the papers
had been read, except those the reading of which
hall been dispensed with by vote of the House.
Mr. HARALSON (Mr. Brinkbrhoff yielded
the floor) moved to amend the fourth line by stri-
king out after the word " attempt," the words
" whiUi may be made," and inserting m lieu
thereof the words " which has been made or shall
hereafter be made."
Mr. BRINKERHOFF resumed, and at his re-
quest the substitute proposed by him for the first
section was read, as follows:
" Whereas by the act of the Republic of Mexico, a state of
war exists between the United States and that Republic:
o Be it. therefore enacted Ini the Senate and House, of Rep-
rescnt-atwes of the United States of Jlmerktl in Congress as-
sembled, That the President of the United States be, and he
is herein", authorized, in order to prosecute the sime to a
successful termination, and to resist any attempt which may
be made on the part of any foreian nation to exclusive juris-
diction over any part of the territory of the United States, or
any territory 111 dispute between the United States and any
foreign Government, and to sustain the rights of the United
States to, and to repel invasion upon, said temtorv, and for
these purposes to employ the naval and military forces of the
tu6S6 jJUtpUSuS IU<;nlpt'jy uiuJiavtu iiau ihhilcuy tuii-on wt 111*3
United States and such portions of the militia as he may-
deem advisable to call into service."
