THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
793
prosecute hostilities „ tbe p„ of
speedy relief and reinforcement: Therefore lmme"late dlld
or
f. 5' '?"£ °^a"y iosf'ities which ha«e been carried on by
Older of the President against the Government or DeoDle of
Mexico, yet to enable the President of thfuntad Sa?cs Jo
™ !?,rLa"a ei«?ats the a™V of the United States from the
po&ition m which it has become involved, and to prevent
nny invasion 01 encroachments upon the territory of tins
TJmon, and to protect and defend, to the fullest extent thf
citizens and people of the United States, as far as the ^arae
may be in any way affected or endangered by hosVSs
with Mexico, the President is hereby authorized in addition
fnrSfS"* I5llltary a"d "aval, forces of the United
fetates, to call for and accept the services of any number of
volunteers not exceeding fifty thousand, who may offer
their services, either a* cavalry, artillery, infantry, or rifle-
men, to serve six months, or twelve months, or two year*,
as the President m his discretion may think best, who shall
be mustered into service, and armed and equipped at the
expense of the United States; provided only, that said vol-
unteers shall furmsh their own clothes; and,ifcavalrv tlioir
own horses. 7 •"
" Sec. 2.And be it further enacted, That fur tho same pur-
poses, the President is authorized to call into the service of
the United States, and to employ such portions of the militia
as he may think necessary.
" [Sections 2d, 4th, 5tli, 6th, 7th, 8th, 9th, 10th, and lltli of
the bill (one or two of them slightly modified) follow.
Mr. HOLMES (resuming and concluding) said
he would state to the gentleman from Ohio,\hatsi
far from wishing to delay action, he considered
there were two things distinct from each other, to
Wit: the first, immediate action, and the other, re-
flection. He was for acting where action was
required, and for reflection where reflection was
required. Now action was required instantly. He
was for putting at the disposal of the Government
the means it demands. It was his intention to
separate the immediate furnishing supplies from
the consideration of the declaration of war; and
for that purpose, while the Committee on Military
Affairs had very properly taken into their hands
the necessity of immediate action, and immediate
supply, he would move hereafter at the proper time
to refer the subject of declaration of war to the
Committee on Foreign Relations, who could dis-
cuss it themselves, and communicate to the House
all the facts, when we cotdd determine the question
with the solemnity which the gravity of the occa-
sion requires, and vindicate to all nations our
promptitude of action, and our calmness of reflec-
tion.
Mr. RHETT sai'd his purpose in rising was
simply to draw a distinction, which it appeared to
him had not been drawn upon the question under
consideration by any gentleman who had address-
ed the committee. The power to declare war was
in Congress; the President of the United States,
technically speaking, has no right to make war;
and if he does, he is impeachable for it. He has
not made war; he does not recommend us to make
war. Not a state of war exists, but a state of hos-
tilities exists. There is a state of hostility exist-
ing between us and the Mexican nation. The
Mexican nation can declare war, and the people
of the United States in Congress assembled can
declare war; but the Executive of neither nation
has the power to declare war, or put their nation
into a state of war. The President has the rifjhl
to repel invasion; and in doing this, he may follow
the enemy at any distance beyond our border, so
as effectually to protect our border and our people.
The President can do this, but he can never make
war nor could he issue letters of marque and re-
prisal. These powers are expressly given to Con-
gress. He cannot jeopard our commerce on the
ocean by rendering it amenable to seizure; he can-
not conquer Mexico, unless he is authorized to do i
so by the Congress declaring war. This distinction,
Mr R. conceded, was exceedingly important.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL interposed, and said he
should like to inquire of the gentleman from South
Carolina if the President would have power to
blockade a port?
Mr RHETT said the President of the United
States, although he used the word " war   m
sneaking of our relations * with Mexico, had not
asked us to declare war, but only to repel invasion,
and to go as far as necessary for that purpose.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF (interposing) said the
President distinctly requested Congress to recog-
'i the existence of a state of war.
Mr. RHETT (continuing) said the President
aid not ask them to declare war; and when he
used the word " war," he used it synonymously
with a state of hostilities. If he had wanted them
to declare war, why did he not recommend to them
to declare it ?
A state of war could only be created by the
Congress of the United States, or by the Govern-
ment of Mexico. A state of hostilities might exist
by the action of the Executives of the two nations.
The President of the United States might put the
country in a state of hostility, but not in a state
of war, without rendering himself liable to im-
peachment; in other words, he could not declare
war.
He was willing to vote all he understood the
President to require—money to any amount, and
men in any numbers. But he was not willing that
our commerce should be exposed to the pirates of
all nations, in a contest with a nation which has no
commerce at all.
Mr. HARALSON said, amidst the excitement
around him, he desired to be cool. The amend-
ments which he was instructed by the Committee
on Military Affairs to make, were few, as it was
believed the oiiginal hill, with slight alterations,
would amply provide for the exigency. We want
volunteers; so said the President, so said the com-
mander of our forces on the Rio Grande. The hill
was originally framed with an eye to the probable
Wants of the service in that quarter, as well as
eJsewherc. The committee had directed him to
move to fill one of the blanks with the number of
fifty thousand men, or any less number which the
President, in his discretion, might deem necessary
to settle the affair with Mexico, To Jill the othei !
blank, he was instructed to move the sum of
$10,000,000, which, it was believed, would be am-
ple for all purposes, if the war should be prose-
cuted by the Government with that energy which,
we trust, will characterize its action.
Gentlemen (said Mr. H.) have been pleased to
allude to our commerce, and ask us not, to make a
declaration of' war, because, perchance, some of
our merchants may be injured. Would gentle-
men have us delay on that account > Which calls
most loudly upon us, the dollars of our merchants
or the blood of our people slied upon the Rio
Grande? That blood erics aloud upon us for
prompt, speedy, and definite action—action which
shall show in a manner not to be misunderstood that
we intend to maintain all our rights, and that we
will take redress for the invasion of our territory
and for the blood of American citizens, shed on
American soil. It is immaterial whether you for-
mally declare war or not. If the war exists as we
are formally told, not only by our own Govern-
ment, but by the mtmil'esto of the Mexican gen-
eral, men and money are the articles needed. No
language which you may use can change the facts
or make a war without "men and money; nor will
your withholding such n declaration "prevent it.
The power to defend is given in the bill, and the
known rides of warfare would authorize the Exec-
utive to weaken the enemy by cutting off his sup-
plica. For these purposes you may go into the
enemy's country. And who is there who would
not give the Executive that power when the Mex-
ican army is coming into our territory, killing our
people, and cutting off our supplies'? After the
Mexican army have become the aggressors, who
would prevent, our army from going down upon
the const and intercepting their supplies and their
army ? Sir, if' energetic measures be not pursued,
even to the penetrating into the Mexican territory,
if neecssnry, the Executive would justly subject
himself to censure. The facts have been submit-
ted to us by the President in the communication just
read. Shall wc falter and delay, or act promptly,
speak the truth, and do our duty to our country'
There is but one course to pursue; that is to strike
for our country—to send men without delay to
the aid of those already there, ard sustain our
rights and our honor. Promptness of action is
needed both here and there.
The Chairman's hammer here fell, and the com-
mittee, in pursuance of the order of the House,
proceeded to vote. _
Some conversation followed on a question of
order.
The question was first on the amendment of Mr.
Haralson, to insert in the first section the words
" which have been or which shall hereafter be."
Mr. BURT moved that the committee rise, (re-
marking, that if it wek not out of order, he would
be glad to assign his reasons for the motion.)
The committee, by ayes" 80, noes 96, refused to
rise.
And the amendment of Mr. Haralson was
agreed to,
Mr. BURT moved to amend the'first section,
by striking out the words " on the part of every
foreign nation," and inserting "by the Govern-
ment of Mexico."
Mr. H1LLIARD suggested a modification, to
strike out the words " exclusive jurisdiction over,"
and insert "invade."
Mr. BURT did not accept the suggestion.
And the amendment, by ayes 49, noes not count-
ed, was rejected.
Mr. ROBERTS moved the following addition to
the first section; which was rejected.
" Whereas a - tat'! of war exists between the Republic of
Mexico and the allies thereof, and the United States of
America and their Territories—
"lie itouictcd, That the Piesideut of tile United States 13
hereby authorized to use the whole land and naval force of
tile United States to enrrv the same into effect; and to issue
to private armed vessels of tile United States comniis-ions,
or letters of marque and geneial reprisal, in such form as
lie shall think proper, and under the seal of the United
States, against the vessels goods, and effects ot rbe Govern-
ment of said Republic of Mexico, and the people and allies
tlicieof."
Mr. T1BBATTS moved to amend the section in
the 9th line, after the word " territory," by insert-
ing "and to cause the territory of such nation to
be invaded." Rejected.
Mr. DOUGLASS, (to test, he said, the sense
of the committee,) moved to strike out certain
portions of the first section, so as to make it read
as follows:
"That the President of the United States be,
and he is hereby, authorized to employ the naval
and military forces of the United States, and such
portions of the militia as he may deem advisable
to call into service, for the vigorous piosecution of
the war now existing between this country and
Mexico."
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. JEFFERSON DAVIS moved to amend the
section 111 the 4th line, by adding, " for the vigor-
ous prosecution of hostilities now existing between
this country and Mexico."
Mr. THURMAN moved to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the word " hostilities," and
inserting " war."
The CHAIR said the motion was not in order,
a proposition to that etfect having just been re-
jected .
And then the amendment of Mr. Davis was le-
jected.
Mr. E. B. HOLMES offered the following
amendment; which, by yeas 8, noes 122, was re-
jected.
« Provided Hint the provision* of thN (the Just) section do
not, nor -shall they be deemed to, apply to that portion of
the country we.«t and south of the liver Nueces, e.vocpt <-0
t'.n uj  to withdraw, and, if need be, to rocuu, oui auny
fiom the remon of the Rio Giando."
Mr. OI1IPMAN offered the following substi-
tute amendment, which was rejected:
uBc it m.rcfrf, 4[v., That whereas the existing Govern-
tnentof Mexico has, by an open arid avowed act of hos-
tility violated American e-oii, and \a nntoiily and unprovok-
t dlv «hed the blood of American citizens: Therefore war
is hereby expressly delated by tin* Government against
Mexico;'and the President of the United States be, and
heieby is, authorized to emploj- the naval and military forces
of the United State?, and such poitions of the militia a? he
may deem advisable to call into service, for the efficient
prosecution of such war."
Mr. E, H.EWING offered the following amend-
ment; which was rejected:
Fmke out ail after the word "that," in the second Itnc of
the fmt section, down to the word "to," m tiie ninth line,
and insert in lieu thereof the following:
" In consideration of the relation.- exiting between this
Government and the Government of Mexico, and m con-
sideration of the recent collision that has taken place be-
tween the armies of Mexico and the United States on the
JR.jp Biavo del Norte, the President of the United States be,
and he is hereby, authorized."
Mr. McCLERNAND offered a preamble, (of
which the reporter has not a copy,) that war be
declared to exist between the republic of Mexico
and the United States*, which, by ayes 3?, noes
not counted, was rejected.
Mr. BROCKENlBROUGH now accepted as his
own, and offered the substitute proposition of Mr.
Jacob Thompson (given above.)
Not now in order.
The question was then taken on the proposed
