794
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
substitute (as above given) of Mr. Brinkeiihoff
for the first section.
And the vote stood, ayes 80, noes 82. 1
So the substitute was roiected. !
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON now proposed the i
substitute heretofore introduced by him, which, by |
ayes 40, noes not counted, was rejected.
Mr. BAKER offered a substitute for the first i
section, (of which the reporter has not a copy.)
Mr. J. 11- 1NGERSOLL (with a view to ma-
turer consideration) moved that the committee rise.
Reacted.
And the substitute of Mr. Baker was rejected.
The question was then taken on Mr. Boyd's
substitute for the first section, (it having been first
so modified, on the suggestion of Mr. Graham, as
to pro\ ide that the terra of service should be twelve
months, &c.)
The vote stood, ayes 92, noes 76.
Ro the substitute was adopted.
On motion of Mr. ERINKERHOFF, the third
section was so amended as to make it conform to
the other part of the bill as it now stood.
On motion of Mr. B.. the fourth section was so
amended as to strike out the words " be liable to
be called upon to do military duty only m cases
such as are mentioned in the first and third sec-
tions of tins act. *'
Mr. Me KAY moved to amend the sixth section
by striking out till after the word "expedient."
Rejected.
On motion of Mr. BRINKERHOFF, the eighth
section was so amended as to strike out the words
" in the event of either of the contingencies men-
tioned in the first and third sections of this act."
On motion of Mr. 1?., the ninth section was
stricken out, having been first so amended, on
motion of Mr. IiAMLIN, as to fill the blank with
ten millions of dollars.
[The object of the striking; out the section was
to make it conform to the bill as it now stood.]
Mr. REUBEN CHAPMAN moved to amend
the tenth section by increasing the pay of privates
of infantry, artillery, and riflemen, from $8 to $10
per month.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH asked for tellers; which
were ordered.
And the vote being taken, stood—ayes 88, noes
30.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DELANO offered the following addition to
the eleventh section; which was rejected by ayes
27, noes 97:
'• I'lovnie-t that nuthni!; Jimiii contained shall bp consid-
ered as approving the conduct of tlie President in taking
armed occupation or'any territory h in£ between the liver
Nii-ee.-i and the Rio Del Norte, and claimed bv Mexico as
never having constituted part of tile Pim-inee of Texas
dinuiii the time that Textu> cynstumi'd pari uf the Mexican
lVpuSilie."
On motion of Mr. GORDON, tlic eleventh sec- j
lion was stricken out. i
On motion ot' Mr. HARALSON (on leave) the |
seventh section -was amended by the insertion of *
the words " who .shall be wounded or otherwise j
disabled." i
Mr. SCHENCK offered the substitute fer the '
bill, (above given,) which was rejected. j
And then, on motion of Mr. iiitODHEAD, the j
committee rose and reported the bill and amend '
ments to the House, 1
And the question being on concurring with the .
committee in its amendments, and ordering the bill i
to a third readme;— j
Mr. BRJNKERHOFF demanded the previous i
question; which was seconded, and the mam ques- j
tion was ordered.
The amendments of the committee not herein- <
after more particularly mentioned, were concurred i
in without a division. j
On concuiring in the substitute amendment of ,
Mr. Boyd, ;
Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL asked the yeas
and nays; which were ordered. i
After some conversation on a point of order, !
the question was taken, and resulted as follows: ,
YEAS—Messrs Stephen Adams, Anderson, Arnold, At- ,
kmson, Baker, Bell, Benton, James Black, James A. Biack, ;
Buwliu, Boyd, BrmkerhoffyBroekenbrouah, Brodlwad, Mil- ;
ton Brown. William G. Brown, John II. Campbell, Cath- ■
caU, John G. Chapman, Reuben Chapman, Chase, Chip- i
mm. Clarke, Cohl>, Cooke, Collin, Cullom, Cumimn^ !
Darnel, Darragh, Jefferson Davi«, De Mott, Dillingham, .
Dobbin, Douglas, Dromsroole, Edsall, Ellsvvostta, Erdman,
Faran, Fickliri, Fries, Garvin, Gentry, Goodyear, Gordon, j
Graham, Giover, Haralaon, Harmanson, Henley, Hoge, j
Hopkins, Hough, George S. Houston, Hungerford, James ,
B. Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Joseph
Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W. Joues, Kennedy,
rrt'ston Kins;, Leib, La Sere, Jlevm, Ligoa, Lumpkin,
iVIaclay, McCl<?an, MeClellnnd, McClernavid, McConnell,
Joseph J. McDowell, James McDowell, McKay, John P.
Martin, Baikiey Martin, Morris, Mors^, iyioulton, Niven,
Noiris, Owen, Parrish, Payne, Porrill, Pott it, Phelps, Pol-
lock, Price, Ramsey, Rathbun, Keid, Relfe, ititter, Robeits,
Sawtelle, Sawyer, Seammon, Leonard H. Sims, Thomas
Smith, Rubeit Smith, Stanton, Staikweather, St. John,
Strong, Thibodeaux, Thomas^on, Jacob Thompson, Thur-
man, Tibbatts, Towns, Tredway, Truinho, Wentworth,
Wheaton, Wick, Yell, and Young—123.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbort, John (tuiney Adams, Ashmun,
Burrmger, Baylj, Bedinsrer, Blanchard, Bufhngton, -Burt,
YViJham W. Campbell, Carroll, Cranston, Crozier, Culver,
G.mett Pavi> , Delano, Doekrry, Dunlap, John H. Ewitig,
E-hvin U Ett'in®1, Foot, Giddings, Gridor. GrmncU, Ham-
lin, Hampton, Harper, Hoinok, Hilliard, iSitas B. Holmes,
l.-aac E. Holmes, John VV. Houston, Edmund W, Hubard,
Samuel 1), Hubbard, Hudson, Huntet, Daniel P. King,
Thorn is B. King. Lewn, McGuighey, MeHenn-, Mell-
vani\ Mar«h, Miller, Moseley, Pendleton, Rhett, John A.
Rockwell, Root, Sehcnek, Seddon, Severance, Alexander
D. Suns, Simpson, Truman Smith, Albert Smith, Ste-
phen-!, Stewart, Btrohm, Benjamin Thompson, Tilden,
Toombs, Vance, Vinton, YVinthro]), Woodward, and Yan-
ooy—1>7
Bo the amendment was concurred in.
On concurring in the amendment of Mr. Rett-
hf.y Chapman, raising; the pay of the infantry,
&(\, from eia;ht dollars to ten dollars—
Mr. RATHBUN asked the yens and nays,
which were ordered; and, being taken, were as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Andei^on, Arnold, "Baker, Bell,
Btniioti, Jam*"* Biack, IJoulin, Bojd, William G. Brown,
Bnihiigfon, Burl, William W. Campbell, John li. Catnp-
bdl, Carrod, Cathcart, John G. Chapman, Reuben Chap-
man, Cha>e, Cobb, Cocke, Ctozier, Cull.^i, Culver, Dar-
yati, Dairagh, Gariett Davia, Do Mott, Dotigla^j, Dunlap,
E.isall, Etdiu in, JEJwin H. En*ing, Fickhn, Ga.-vm, Gentry,
Gordon, Graham, Guder, Hampton, Haiulson, Harper, lien-
ley, Ilenick, Huge, Elia  B. Ilolmeri, Gooige S. Houston,
Charles, J. Ingei.->oll, Joseph It. Ingersoll, Joseph Johnson,
George W. Jones, 'Thomas Butler King, Leib, Lewis, LeVm,
Lumpkin, Maelay, McCU an, McClernand, McComiell,
Joscpu J McDowi'll, Jam 's McDowell, MeHenry, Mcll-
vaine, John P. Maiun, Baikiey Martin, Munis, Morse,
Motley, Parush, Pa)nc, Pemll, Pi-ttit, Pollock, Price,
Raai-ev, Ilelte, Ritter, Jolm A. Rockwell, Sawyer, Schenck,
L'^ouaid H. Suns, Albert Smith, Thomas Smith, Robert
Smith, Stanton, Starkweather, Stephen*, Stewart, Strohm,
Thibodeatn, Tixom^ori, Benjamin Thompson, Tibbatts,
Tilden, Towusv Treadway, T/umbo. Wentwortb, Wood-
ruff Woodwar-f, Yell, and Young—101".
NAYS—Messrs. Jobn tluiney Adams. Stephen Adams,
Ashumn, Atkuwon, Bamngar,Bayly, Bediujafor, Biggs, Jamos
A. Black, BrinkejliofK Biockenbrough, Bredheaa, Mdtfm
Brown, Au?u>tus A. Chapman, Chipman, Clarke, Collin,
CiatiMcm, Cummin, Daniel, J<>ffcr-'(m Davis, Delano. Dil-
lingham, Doblnu, Dockcry, Diomgoole, Klisworrh, Jolm II.
i'j\viitir. Faian. Fool, Fries, biddings, Goo<iyear, Grimiell,
(Jiovcr. llamhn, 11 irman-on, Hilhaid, Ilopkn^, Hough,
John W. Houston, Ednmnd W. Huliaid, Samuel D. Hub-
baid, Hungerfoid, James 1 . l-lunt, Huntei, Jenkins, An-
di-'sv Joinjson, Keniu'dy, Daniel P. King, Pieston King,
Li'^on, MrClelJand, M(Gau^'hoy, McKay, Maiah, Miller,
Moulton, Niven, Nonis, Ovvon, Pendleton, Pheip-., Rath-
bun, Reid, Rhett, Roberts, Searnmon, Seddon, Severance,
Alevander D. Sun-, Tinman Smith, St. John, Stronir, Jacob
Thomp-on, Thurman, Tooinb-J, Vance, Vinton, Wheaton,
Wick, VVinthrop, and Yancey—83.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading
now; and having been read a third time by its title,
and the question being "Shall this bill pass?"
Mr. 13RINKERHOFF demanded the previous
question; which was seconded.
And the main question was ordered to be now
taken.
Mr. J. A. ROCKWELL asked the yeas and
nays; which were ordered.
■ Mr. GARRETT DAVIS rose and said: Mr.
! Speaker, I ask the House to excuse me from voting
' on the passage of this bill, and I will assign very
briefly my reasons.
j This is a measure, directly and indirectly, of very
1 great importance, and yet no opportunity, not a
i single moment, has been allowed any Whig of this
j Jrl ouse to say one word upon it. So far as it can
| operate upon the fate of the gallant General and
t his little army upon the Del Norte, there is no need
j for such unparalleled haste in urging a measure of
j its character through this body. He is on a fron-
! tier three thousand miles distant. In the exercise
j of a discretionary power vested in him by the
Executive, he has made a requisition on the Gov-
ernors of the neighboring States for ten thousand
troops. At tins moment, the destiny of General
Taylor and his gallant band is sealed, and I doubt
not that ere now the prompt succor which he has
received from the States contiguous to the theatre
of his operations has given him such force lie has
| beaten back the enemy, and that his victorious
standard at this moment floats over Matamoras.
Whatever it is, his fate is now sealed, and anything
we may now do will be too late to influence it.
There could, then, be no valid objection to give a
day to the consideration o£this bill, and no person
would desire more. ' But the haughty and domi-
nating majority will riot allow now this much.
But, Mr. Speaker, I liave an objection to- the
preamble of the bill. It recites that war exists be-
tween the United States and Mexico, arid that this
war was begun by Mexico. That informal war
exists between the two countries is undeniable; but
that Mexico commenced it is utterly, untrue, and I
object to the preamble because it sets' forth so bold
a falsehood. I am decidedly, strongly, in favor of
the appropriation of the money, and of the raising
of the forces for which the bill provides. For these
purposes, it is sufficient for me that our country is
at war, be it formal or informal, whether begun by
Mexico or our own Government. I require only
to know that bur army is in danger, and whether
it be in the territory of the United States or Mexico,
I am read y tp vote men and money even to the ut-
most resources of the country for the rescue. If
the war be wrongful, at a more convenient Season
I would hold them responsible who made it. But
I protest solemnly against defiling this measure
with the unfounded statement that Mexico began
this war. That position is not necessary to give
this bill any possible effect. It could have been as
well omitted, and, had it been rejected, I doubt not
the bill would receive the unanimous vote of the
House. But that was not the object of its authors.
Theh-purpose was to make the Whigs vote against,
or force them to aid in. throwing a shelter over the
Administration, by voting for a bill which set forth
that this needless and unexpected war was com-
menced by Mexico,
Sir, if the bill contained any recitation upon that
point in truth and justice, it should be that this war
was begun by the President. The river Nueces is
the true western boundary of Texas. The coun-
try between that stream and the Del Norte is part
of Mexico; and that Power had people and estab-
lishments in it. Months ago the President, of his
own will, orders General Taylor and his army to
take, post at Corpus Christi, on the west bank of
the Nueces, where they remained until a consider-
able- time' aftgr the beginning of this session of
Congress. -In March last, under the positive or-
ders of the President, he moves through the dis-
puted country upon the Del Norte. The Mexican
authorities meet him at several points with the
declaration that he has invaded their country, and
with protests against the aggression. They warn
him that unless he retires east of the Nueces, he
will be deemed to be making war upon Mexico,
and tlicy will resort to force. He refers to the posi-
tive orders of the Executive, and in the execution
of them he presses on to Matamoras; strongly for-
tifies a position overlooking the city, and mounts
a battery of cannon within three hundred yards of
it, bearing upon its public square, and from whence
he could, in a few hours, batter it down. He then
blockades the port of Matamoras, orders off Eng-
lish and American vessels, and directs the cap-
ture of a Spanish schooner. The Mexican com-
mander treats all these as acts of war; and, on the
25th of April, General Taylor is informed, by a
messenger from the Mexican camp, that hostili-
ties exist, that the Mexicans will prosecute them
according to the usages of civilized nations. That
night a detachment of the Mexican army crosses
the Rio Grande, General Taylor sends out a scout-
ing party to reconnoitre, which attacks the Mexi-
cans, and is defeated and captured by the Mexi-
cans, and thus war is raging in bloody earnestness.
It is our own President who began this war. He
has been carrying it on for months in a series of
acts. Congress, which is vested exclusively by
the Constitution with the war-making power, he
has not deigned to consult, much less to ask it for
any authority. Now, forsooth, when it has un-
expectedly broke forth in bloody reverses, a posi-
tion must be taken by the friends of the President
in Congress to protect him by charging Mexico
with being the author of the war; and he, in cold
blood, teaches others to sacrifice a brave and vet-
eran officer, whenever it inay become necessary to
cover his mistakes and incompetency.
I have yet another objection to this bill.. All
that is-proposed to be voted by-this bill is to be
trusted to him. He is to conduct this war- He
is our Commander-in-Chief, our Gateralissimo of
army and navy. He knows, or ought to know,
how much money and howmany men the present
