796
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mar 12;-
Mr. BERRIEN inquired of the Chair whether
the rules of order did not require the unanimous
consent of the Senate before a bill could be read a
second ume. He believed this was a question
which, in tire long course of the Senate's proceed-
ings, had never before been propounded. He was
quite as anxious as the Senator from Ohio to pro-
ceed expeditiously to action upon the bill. He was
fully awcue that there were many considerations
urging the Senate to prompt action; yet he could
not ft-el himself so pressed by the urgency of these
considerations as to be compelled to act with inju-
dicious haste, and to see the rules of the Senate
violated; and he therefore asked of the presiding
officer that the question might be distinctly pro-
posed whether this bill should now be read a
sec uud time
The C1IAIR replied that the presiding officer
of the Senate had already distinctly put the ques-
tion whether the bill should pass to its second read-
ing by unanimous consent, and no objection had
been made.
JVlr. REVERDY JOHNSON" inquired what
Senator had moved that the bill be read a second
ume'1
The PRESIDENT replied that no gentleman
had distinctly made the motion, but the Clnur had
put the question in this l'oim: " By unanimous
consent of the Senate, the. bill will now be read a
second time;" and no objection had been made.
Mr. JOHNSON said lie did not profess to be
profoundly skilled in questions of order, but he
had been under the impicssion that the bill could
not regularly be ordered to a second reading ex-
cept on the motion of some member of the Senate.
Mr. ALLEN did not agree in this opinion, but
.should nut waste time or embarrass the Senate by
a discussion of questions of order.
i\Jr. MANGUM said he had no disposition to
embarrass the passage of the bill. He should,
however, greatly hesitate to vote for it in its pres-
ent shape, inasmuch as it was equivalent to a
declaration of war; but he was prepared at once
to vote supplies to any amount, whether of men
or money. All he asked was, that the political
question as to the actual existence of a war might
be separated from the vote of supplies. If the
friends of the Administration wanted their fifty
thousand men and their ten millions of dollars,
they could have both in half an hour, if they
would not embarrass the bill by connecting it
with the other question. Mr. M. had understood
yesterday that it was expressly with a view to
avoid this diihculty that a portion of the message
had be^n referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, while a different committee had been
charged with what related to the raising of sup-
plies. He had hoped that the Senator from Mis-
souri [Mr. BfntonJ would have reported to the
Senate from the Military Committee a bill free
from all extraneous matter, and providing sim-
ply for the raising of troops and the giantmg of
money,
Mr. M. emphatically repeated that he had no
disposition whatever, neither had those with whom
in- cuied, to embanass the passage of this bill.
They felt quite as deep an interest in the na-
tional honor, and quite as much pride in the na-
tional dignity, as the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Allans; yet they were unwilling, though
at the expense of being charged with a want of
patriotism, to be placed in a false position. They
were not willing to assume the fact, without evi-
dence, that a state of war hetween the United
Slates and Mexico did actually exist. Suppose
that the troops which had crossed the Rio del
Noite had a< ted without authority from their
Go\ernment, and that the collision which had
unhappily taken place was owing to their own
unauthorized act: was any Senator prepared to
say that, according to the doctrines of national
law, this constituted a state of war between the
two nations? The act of these military officers
might yet be disavowed, and, until the Senate
was better informed, were they ready solemnly
to pass an act which was equivalent to declaring
war in form ? Mr M., for one, was not willing to
do this. He wanted more light; and he did not
see that any injury could possibly result from sep-
arating a declaration of war from a vote of supplies.
He and his friends were ready to grant whatever
men and money were required in half an hour.
And before the men raised could arrive at their
destination, the requisite time would have been
afforded to determine intelligently and on authentic
evidence whether a state of war did or did not ex-
ist. If it did, then Mr. M, should be unwilling to
restrain the action of our forces to the left bank of
the Rio del Norte. If we were actually at war,
then he was under the impression that our forces
ought to cross the river, and that we should not
stop till we had dictated peace at the capital of the
Mexican empire. Let this fact be clearly ascer-
tained, and then he was prepared to vote not fifty
thousand men only, but a hundred or a hundred
and fifty thousand, if the Executive came to Con-
gress and demanded that amount. He was ready
to place the whole force of the country at his dis-
posal, so that he should be enabled to conquer
peace m the heart of the Mexican empire. But if
it should turn out that the acts of the Mexican sol-
diery were unauthorized, and that the two nations
were not constitutionally in a state of war, why
pass this bill in such a form as should give to the
President the power to dcclare war at his pleasure?
If gentlemen on the other side of the chamber had
no purpose to embarrass others, and if their object
really was to obtain with nil possible expedition
and unanimity a grant of supplies, they had but to
separate that question from the question of pcace
and war, and they could obtain it to-day, they
could obtain it in an hour.
Mr. ALLEN spoke to the question of order.
Would it not be more proper for this discussion to
take place after the motion to postpone had been
decided, and the bill was before the Senate?
When the CHAIR decided that the bill was now
before the Senate as in committee of the whole,
and was open to amendment.
Mr. CALHOUN said that the motion had been,
to postpone the previous oiders of the day, and
take up this bill.
The CHAIR thought no such motion was neces-
sary, and ruled that the bill, having been read a
second time, was now before the committee and
open to amendment.
Mr. MANGUM said he had no shadow of ob-
jection to having the subject taken up and disposed
of. He was well assured that there was not one
gentleman on that side the Chamber who wished
to interpose a single objection to the grant of-sup-
plies. As fur as ho knew,-Or had reason to be-
lieve, if gentlemen would but consent that the
political question should be separated from the vote
of supplies, they could have the vote of supplies
just as soon as it was possible to pass the bill
through the forms of legislation. And he put it
to gentlemen on the other side, whether such a
couise would not be much better than embarrass-
ing their fellow-Senators by insisting upon having
the two questions included under the same vote?
Had any evidence been submitted to Senators to
prove that the assent of the actual authorities of the
Mexican Government, whoever they might he,
had been given to the military movements m the
vicinity of our camp? He had seen none, the doc-
uments had not been printed, and he had had no op-
portunity to examine them. The act of the military
commanders .might be disavowed by their Govern-
ment; and then in what condition would gentlemen
find themselves? It was said that the President
asked the Senate only to recognise the fact that war
existed; but where was the difference between a
recognition that war existed and a declaration that
war existed 11 (which was the amount of a declara-
tion of war.) He could sec no differcncc. He
was fully aware that no remark could be made by
those who hesitated to pass the bill that would not
be deemed unpatriotic and represented as evidence
of some improper feeling; but he hoped gentlemen
would not be deterred by considerations of this
kind from taking whatever course their duty might
require. If a state of war did exist, then a grave
inquiry would arise as to who was the author of it,
and whether the blame rested on Mexico or on the-
course of our own authorities. If the responsibil-
ity should, after all, be found to lie at the door of
our own Government, Mr. M. would not attempt
to anticipate that judgment which would be pro-
nounced by public sentiment on every man con-
cerned in such a transaction. He would once
more repeat, that if the sole object of gentlemen on
the other side was to do what the President required,
by affording him the requisite appropriations and
any amount of troops he asked for, they could do
it at oncc. Let this be done, and then refer the
political question to the Committee on Foreign
Relations. Meantime let the troops be on their
march, and, before they reached the theatre of op-
erations, the rapid progress ©f information would
convey to them the result of the Senate's delibera-
tion, so that no actual delay would be occasioned.
Mr. M. and his friends felt the strongest'desire
to grant, without a moment's delay, whatever the
safety of our army and the honor of our Govern-
ment should require. He had hoped that a new
bill would have been reported from the Committee
on Military Affairs. He should have more confi-
dence in the present bill, had it passed ufldgr the
examination of that'committee. The question be-
fore the. Senate was in fact a military question, and
was appropriate to that committee;' Doubtless the
honor of the country must be maintained at all
hazards and at any cost, and he hoped gentlemen
would feel and remember, that if any delay occur-
red in granting the necessary means, the responsi-
bility could not lie on that side of the Chamber.
Mr. BENTON, chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs,1 stated, that on the reception of
the news from our southern frontier, that commit-
tee had met early this morning, and having with
them a newspaper copy of the House bill, had
gone into a consideration of the whole case, and
had decided that if thfc bill had been referred to
them and they had reported, they should have re-
ported the present bill, though with some modifica-
tions. He understood also, that as far as the
Committee on Foreign Relations was concerned,
they should have been ready to have done the
same thing; so that, in cither event, the Senate
would have had the same bill before it, but, per-
haps, in a modified form.
Mr. CALHOUN said that he had no dispositidn
whatever to create unnecessary delay in the pas-
sage of this bill. The rule he had laid down for
himself, and which throughout life he had endeav-
ored to follow, had been to discharge his duty in
whatever emergency he might be placed, anci es-
pecially was he called to observe this rule in acting
on so solemn a question as a declaration of war.
All he wanted, all he asked for, was time to make
up his opinion. He sought no delay, and resorted
to no indirect course to concealhis true intent.
Gentlemen argued strongly in favor bf unanimity;
but if unanimity Constituted an element of force,
and the friends of the bill were so anxious to" ob-
tain it, why could they not iaccommodate gentle-
men who had honest doubts as to the state of facts,
by consenting to strike out the preamble of the
bill, and to suffer the question of supplies to be
separated from the question of a declaration of war ?
Was not such a course reasonable? Was it not
fair and just? Gentlemen stated to the Senate
that the information received from the frontier was
such as to require instant action : if so, they could
have"' instant action. If any delay occurred, the
delay was their own. Mr. C. should create none.
He was prepared to vote the supplies on the spot,
and without an hour's delay; but it was just as
impossible for him to vote for that preamble as it
was for him to plunge a dagger into his own heart,
and more so. He could not; he was not prepared
to affirm that war existed between the United States
and Mexico, and that it existed by the act of that
Government. How could he affirm this, when he
had no evidence on which to affirm it? How did
he know that the Government of Mexico would
not disavow what had been done? Was he to be
called upon to give a vote like this? It would be
impossible for him to utter it, consistently with
that sacred regard for truth in which he had been
educated.
He had no difficulty as to his course. His mind
was made up; it was made up unalterably;~he could
neither vote affirmatively nor negatively. He had
no certain evidence to go on. Whether anyone
would go with him in this course he did not k'now;
he had made no inquiries, and he did not know
that a single friend would be found at his side. As
to what might be said on such a course, and all
that was called popularity, he did not care the snap
of his finger. Tf he could not stand and brave so
small a danger, he should be but little worthy of
what small amount of reputation he might have
earned. He could not agree to make war on Mexi-
co by making war on the Constitution; and the
Senate would make war on the Constitution by
declaring war to exist between the two Govern-
ments when no war had been declared, and nothing
had occurred but a slight military conflict between
a portion of two armies. Yet he was asked, to af-
firm, in the very face of the Constitution, "that a
