800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12.
Delaware ask the separation, and request us to
postpone our decision upon the relative condition
of this country and Mexico, while we provide only
for driving the invaders fiom our soil5 He says,
sir, that lie desires time to examine the documents
which the President has submitted to us, before he
ran decide whether there is a state of war between
the United States and Mexico. I cannot conceive,
sir, that any delay can be necessary for this pur-
pose. The main facts are indisputable. They are
before the Senate, before the country, and before
the world. A Mexican army has passed our
boundary,and is now upon the soil of the Republic.
Our troops have been attacked, captured,and killed.
Our army is surrounded, and efforts are making to
subdue them. INow, sir, no documents are neces-
sary to establish these facts; and these facts, it
seems to me, are all that can be necessary to justify
the statement of the President of the existence of
war, and our concurrence in his recommendation.
If, indeed, the object be to examine the conduct of
the Kxccutive, to ascertain whether this condition
of things is to be attributed to him, then, undoubt-
edly, a careful examination of the documents would
be necessary. And from indications already given,
I presume that such an investigation will be enter-
ed upon. For one, [ am prepared to enter into it,
and 1 will venture to predict that the more severe
it is, the more triumphant for the Administration
will be the result. But that subject may well give
way to this. Let us postpone that inquiry till" we
are provided for the defence of the country and the
vindication of our honor. That course seems to
me to be equally indicated by duty, by policy, and
by patriotism.
And now, sir, permit me to advert to another
branch of tins subject. Strange doctrines have
been heard yesterday and to-day, such as have
been piescnted neither by the history of our own
country nor that of any other. Among those who
oppose the course of the Executive, there seems to
be an important difference of opinion oil some of
the principles which should regulate our conduct.
By some it is contended that the invasion of the
Mexican ai my is not an act of war, because we
have no proof that it was committed by the order
of the Mexican Government. While others, and
among them the distinguished Senator from South
Carolina, maintain, that no act of another country
c.an create a state of war with this unless such war
be declared by Congress. Now, sir, it seems to I
i<ie that thus pietcnsion is equally dangerous m its
conclusions, and unsound m the reasoning by
which it is supported. If I understood the honor-
able Senator yesterday, he considers there are three
conditions in which our country may be placed
with relation to another. A state of peace, of war,
and of hostilities. This to me, sir, is a new divis-
ion of the principle of intercommunication between
different countries. War I understand, and peace
1 understand, and the rights and duties which they
bung with them, liut a state of hostilities, as con-
tradistinguished from these relations, is a new
chapter m the law of nations to me. Our Consti-
tution is equally silent upon the subject. I sup-
posed, heretofore, that if we were not at peace with
a country we weie at war with it. I had to learn
that there was an intermediate state creating new
lights and duties, which I am afraid it will be diffi-
cult to find unless a new Grotius starts up upon the
occasion. The Senator from Missouri [Mr. Ben-
ton] has conectly stated that there may be war
without hostilities, and hostilities without war.
Belligerent operations may be temporarily sus-
pended, and there may be acts of aggression, which
may be called hostilities, which may he committed
without the authority of a Government. Rencon-
tres, for instance, between ships-of-war, or preda-
tory incursions across the boundary of a country.
But there can be no hostilities undertaken by a
Government which do not constitute a state of war.
War is a fact, sir, created by an effort made by
one nation to mjuie another. One party may
make a war, though it requires two parties to
make a peace. Tlie Senator from South Carolina
contends that as Congress alone have a right, by
the Constitution, to declare war, therefore, there
can be no war till it is thus declared. There is here
a very obvious error. It is certain that Congress
alone has the right to declare war. That is, there is
no other authority m the United States, which, on
our part, can change the relations of peace with
another country into ihose of war. No authority
but Congress can commence an aggressive war.
But another country can commence a war against
us without the co-operation of Congress. Another
country can, at its pleasure, terminate therelations
of peace with us, and substitute for these the rela-
tions of war, with their legitimate consequences.
War may be commenced with or without a pre-
vious declaration. It may be commenced by a
manifesto announcing the fact to the world, or by
hostile attacks by land or sea. The honorable
Senator from Virginia [Mr. Pennybacker.] has
well stated the modern practice of nations on this
subject. He has referred both to facts and author-
ities, showing that acts of hostility, with or without
a public declaration, constitute a state of war. It
i was thus the war of 1756 was commenced. It was
| thus, I believe, was commenced the War between
j England and Prance during our Revolution. The
, peace of Amiens was terminated by an act of hos-
t tility, and not by a public manifesto. The capture
| of the Danish fleet was preceded by no declaration
{ of the intentions of the British Government. Our
; own war of 1812 was declared on the 18th of June.
1 The manifesto of the Prince Regent, declaring war
against us was not issued till January 10, 1813.
; And yet, long before that our borders had been
penetrated in many directions, an army had been
| subdued and captured, and the whole territory of
I Michigan had been overrun and seized. All these
! facts prove conclusively that it is a state of hostili-
! ties that produces war, and not any formal decla-
! ration. Any other construction would lead to this
; practical absurdity. England, for instance, by an
( act of hostility or by a public declaration announces
I that she is at war with us. If the view presented
' by the honorable Senator from South Carolina is
correct, we are not at war with her till Congress
i has acted upon the subject. One party, then, is at
| war, while the other is at peace; or, at any rate, in
' this new intermediate state of hostilities, before
| unknown to the world. Now, sir, it is very clear
j that Mexico is at war with us, we at war with
her. If she terminates the peaceful relations be-
tween two countries, they arc terminated whether
we consent or not. The new state of things thus
created does not depend upon the will of Congress.
The two nations are at war, because one of them
has chosen to place them both in that attitude.
But, sir, it is contended by some of the Senators
that, in the present case, there is no evidence that
the invasion of our territory has been authorized
by the Mexican Government; and until that au-
thority is shown, the act itself does not constitute
a state of war. I have already said, sir, that there
may be accidental or unauthorized rcncontrcs
which do not therefore constitute war. The case
of the " Little Belt" was of that description. But
the nature and circumstances of an aggression
I sufficiently indicate its true character and conse-
i quenccs. A Mexican army invades our territory.
The President calls upon Congress for the neces-
. sary means to repel and punish this act of aggres-
j siori. And we are met, forsooth, at the very
I thieshold of our proceedings, that it does notap-
1 pear that this invasion has been committed by the
! authority of the Mexican Government. Why,
I sir, what evidence is required under such eircum-
| stances ? Do you want such as is required by a
1 county court in investigating a claim for fifty dol-
i lars? Must we have a certificate from a justice of
; the peace of Mexico that the President of that re-
public has directed this attack upon our territory.'1
j And whatever evidence may be required, how long
are we to wait for it? IIow far may the invadeis
march before we are satisfied that we are at war
! with Mexico? Why, sir, such a state of things
j must be judged by moral evidence, by the circum-
stances attending it. It might be enough to say
that, the invasion itself throws the responsibility
upon the Mexican Government, and is a sufficient
justification for us in holding that Government
accountable. The negative proof is not upon us.
The moral presumption is sufficient for our action.
; But, sir, there is much more than the bare fact of
invasion to justify the conclusion that we are at
: war with Mexico. The Government of that
country has protested ever since the first project
j of the annexation of Texas, and has announced
' its completion as a casus belli. They have with-
j drawn their Minister from the United States,
1 and broken off all diplomatic relations with us.
; They have refused to recognise, and have treated
, with contumely, our Minister charged with full
powers to adjust all matters in dispute, and whom
they solemnly oromised to receive. They have
collected an army upon our frontier, and have
sent to assume its command one of the first'mil-
itary officers in the republic. He , summoned
General Taylor to retire, or that war would im-
mediately commence. His summons being dis-
regarded, he commenced the war by crossing
in force into our territory, by attacking our-
troops, and by surrounding our army. Now,
sir, I appeal to every Senator on the other
side of the chamber, if he doe's not believe that'
all this has been done by order of the Mexican
Government. I presume there is not a man
within the sound of my voice who will not say
that, in his'opinion, the Mexican general has acted
under the direct instructions of the Mexican Gov-
ernment. And are we now to be told, sir, that we
must sit still till we ascertain, whether his acts have
been avowed or disclaimed ? No, sir. A hostile
army is in our Country; our frontier has been pen-
etrated; a foreign banner floats over the soil of the
republic; our citizens have been killed, while de-
fending their country; a great blow has been aim-
ed at us; and while we are talking and asking for
evidence it may have been struck, and our army
been annihilated. And what then ? The triumph-
ant Mexicans will march onwards till tlvey reach
the frontiers of Louisiana, or till we receive such
a formal certificate of the intentions of the Mexi-
can Government as will unite us in a determination
to recognise the existence of the war, and to take
the necessary measures to prosecute it with vigor.
It lias,.indeed, been suggested that acts of hostility
to constitute a state of war must be directed by the
legitimate authority of the country; and if not
constitutional at home, they cannot be operative
abroad. This is not the least strange among the
strange principles we have heard advanced to-day.
What have we to do with the constitution of Mex-
ico? What have we to do with the powers of her
President, or of her Congress? It is not for"us to
stop in the midst of our deliberations to turn over
the pages of the last, so-called, constitution of
Mexico, and to seek how the powers of Govern-
ment are divided among its various functionaries,
nor to inquire what is the last pronunciamenlo, or
who is the present Dictator of that unhappy coun-
try. The changes, both of authority and author-
ities, are so rapid that it is difficult to keep pace
with them. Whoever directs the military power
of the Mexican Government against us is, for our
purposes, the representative of the Mexican nation.
Whether he has attained that power by usurpa-
tion, by false construction, or by an exercise
of legitimate authority, the responsibility of his
country is the same. If a fleet of the ,United
States should, by order of the President, bombard
an English town, or commit any other act of ag-
gression, certainly we should be held responsible;
and such acts of aggression would be considered
acts of war. Honorable Senators have said that
this act of invasion by the Mexican army may be
unauthorized; and they demand of us, what would
be the condition of the two countries if such should
turn out to be the fact? Why, sir, the answer is
equally clear and easy. If the Mexican Govern-
ment should disavow the act of invasion, with-
draw their army, punish their general, and make
proper satisfaction forthe injury done, peace would
be immediately restored. 'But until this is done,
we have only to accept the state of war which is
offered to us, and act accordingly.
I have no doubt the boundary of Texas goes to
the Rio del Norte. But I do not place the justifi-
cation of our Government upon any question of
title. Granting that the Mexicans have a claim to
that country, as well as we, still the nature of the
aggression is not changed. We were in the pos-
session of the country—a possession obtained with-
out conflict. And we could not be divested of this
possession but by our own consent, or by an act
of war. The ultimate claim to the country was a
question for diplomatic adjustment. Till that took
place, the possessive right was m us; and any
attempt to dislodge us was a clear act of war. It
appears to me, sir, that the present is a most im-
portant crisis in the history of this country—-a cri-
sis which is, perhaps, to affect our character and
our destiny for a long series of years. If we meet
this act of aggression promptly, vigorously, ener-
getically, as becomes the representatives of a great
and spirited people, we shall furnish a lesson to the
world which will be profitably remembered here-
after. But if we spend our time in useless discus-
sion—if we adopt timid, half-way measures—if we
