1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
803
aside, and the way of duty was as clear as noon-
The PRESIDENT then proceeded to put the
out, when" Clayton's motion to strike
w'^lH °N' °/ 1Louiskna. stated that he
lr.Z° _In/?vor °e tlle. motl°n to strike out, for
ben,] wishing it distinctly understood that he did
not intend at the present time to express any opin-
ion upon the propriety of marching United States
tioops upon the territory in dispute between this
country and Mexico.
Mr. BREESE desired to be informed whether
the yeas and nays had been ordered upon the mo-
tion under discussion; the motion originally was
lo strike out and insert, upon which th<j yeas and
mys were ordered; subsequently the motion was
modified, and is now simply to strike out; he de-
sired to know whether the yeas and nays had been
oidered upon this modification.
1 he PRESIDENT replied in the affirmative,
A he question was then taken, and resulted as
ioUows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Berrien, Calhoun, T.
Clayton, John M. Clayton, Corwin, Cnftemien, i)a\ i->, .Day-
ton, Evans, Huntington. Johnson of Maryland, Johnson of
Louisiana, McDu1h(j, Maiigum, Morehead, Simmons, Ifn
fiam, and Woodbticlqe—'20. ' 1
bv.
i!i)usion; _ ,    _„.r „„v«,„■,sl.{
fciS®°mpl0' ^ov'w' Slight, Stiirgoon,''TBm'oy"«ml Yu-
So the motion to strike out was noinprrecd to.
Mr. CRITTENDEN expressed a desire that the
ground taken upon this subject by the minority
should be recorded upon the'Journal, and for this
purpose he moved to strike out from the first sec-
tton of the bill the words " to prosecute stud war
to a speedy and successful termination," and in-
sert " for the purpose of repelling the invasion, the
President is hereby," &c.
The PRESIDENT was of opinion that this re-
newal of a motion to strike out a sentence which
the Seriate hnd already refused to strike out, was
not in older.
Mr. CHITTENDEN explained, and contended
that the motion to strike out and insert was in
order.
After a short discussion upon the point of order
between Senators CALHOUN, MANGIJM, and
BERRIEN, the Chair reversed its opinion.
Mr. CRITTENDEN asked for the yeas and
nays; which were ordered.
The question was then taken, and resulted as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, liarrow, llenii-n, Calhoun, T.
Clayton, John M. Clayton, Corwm, OriUfmlcn, D.ivis, Day-
ton, Evans, Huntington, Johnson of Marvtamt, .Juhiwm of
jOouisiana, MeDtiffie, Mangutn, Morrin'iid, Hiiiiiiioiin, [Fp-
iKiitt. and Woodbridge—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Asltley, Atflii-on, Atherton, 1 Ihlv
by, Benton, lircc-e, Bright, Cameron, Ouss, Cnllnnm, lii.v,
Houston, Javnagm, Jenriess, Lewis, Miles, IVmiylwkcr,
Rusk, Sample, Sevier, Speiglit, Sturgeon, Tumey, Wost-
cott, and Yulee—26.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CRITTENDEN objected to the provision
in the 6th section of the biii, which empowers the
President, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, to appoint the generals of brigade and
division and the general staff, in support of which
objection he submitted a few observations.
Mr. BENTON read from various acts showing
precedents for the provision objected to. Anions
the cases cited was the course pursued in 1812, in-
volving precisely the same principle which was
objected to by the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Crittenden.]
Mr. CRITTENDEN, in reply, said he was
aware that formerly the practicc and the law was
the same as provided in the section objected to,
but since 1836 the laws had been different. In the
act of 1836 it would -be found that provision was
made for a different course from that which had
been pursued previously, which course had been
observed as the rule since that time.
Mr. SPEIGHT suggested that the bill should
bo taken up by sections.
After a few remarks by Mr. BERRIEN,
Mr. CLAYTON said that it had now become
the painful duty of himself and those who thought
with him to decide upon voting for supplies or re-
fusing so to vote. He had hoped that the gener-
osity'of the opposite side would have placed him
and his friends in such a situation that they could
have voted at once for the supplies. "Warm and
earnest appeals to that effect had been made, but in
vain. But ho would not be forced into a false po-
sition. Whilst protesting against the whole course
of conduct on the other side that day as oppressive
of the minority, he was bound to say that he would
vote for the supplies. But he. voted for tlicm under
a protest. He voted in the dark, because he was
compelled to do so, or vote against affording the
supplies.
Mr. DAVIS, after some explanatory remarks,
announced his intention of voting against the bill.
A lengthened conversation, in which Messrs.
CRITTENDEN, HOUSTON, ARCHER, and
BENTON took part, then ensued on an amend-
ment proposed by Mr. Ciuttendkh, to strike out j
tire clause in the sixth section giving: to the. Piesi- j
dent the appointment of the generals of brigade j
and division.
Finally, after a division,the clause was stricken !
from the section. |
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Military j
Affairs, susjscated an amendment to the first see-1
tion of the bill, providing; that the volunteers should
be enrolled for "six or" twelve months, cvc.
Mr. CASS expressed the hope that the amend -
merit would not. be adopted; he knew, from Iun
own experience, that it would be quite its easy to
muster the desired number of men for twelve as for
six months-, the tronpx (hits enrolled would be more
efficient, and far more economical.
Mr. BENTON signified that In1 was not disposed
to persist in the amendment,ami no objection bem^
made, it was withdrawn.
Mr. B. then proposed to amend the first section,
by inserting; after the. word " discharged," the
woids "according to the time; for which ibey shall
have been mustered into service;1' which amend-
ment was atrreed to.
Mr. B. then moved to amend the third section,
by inserting after the word " horses," the words
"and horse equipments.''
Mr. WKXTCOTT stated that he would be
obliged to vote auanist this amendment; he knew
that, duriiii; the .Seminole war there was a yre.rt
deal of difficulty in gelling pioper and uniform
horse equipments at the South, this would occur |
again in the present instance; and if the amend-
ment was passed, it would be found almost impos-
sible to get the proper materials for the desired
purpose.
The question was taken on the amendment, and
the same was agreed to.
Mr. BENTON then moved to strike out from
the third section the words "and equipped;" which
motion was agreed to.
Mr. B. also moved that the ninth section be
amended, by striking out all after tire word "allow-
ances," and insert, "and all mounted privates, non-
commissioned officers, musicians, and artificers
shall be allowed forty cents per day for the use
and risk of their horses, except of horses actually
killed in action; and if any mounted volunteer,
non-commissioned officer, musician, or artificer,
shall not keep himself provided with a serviceable
horse, the said volunteer shall seive on foot;"
which amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTINGTON moved that the preamble
to the bill lie stricken out, and proceeded to make
a few remarks ill support of the motion; in the
course of which he animadverted strongly upon
the course, of the. Administration in relation to the
difficulties with Mexico, in sending the troops of
the United States upon disputed territory,and caus-
ing the guns of the American forces to be pointed
upon Miitamoms, &c., a course of menacing which
he (Mr. II.) considered highly improper. Mr. H,
asked for the, yeas and nays upon his motion.
Mr. SEVIER rose to a question of order. Un-
der the then condition of the hill, he did not con-
sider that the motion submitted by the Senator
from Connecticut [Mr. Huntington] could be
entertained until the bill had been reported from
the committee to the Senate.
Mr. HUNTINGTON supposed that, his motion
was in order; but if there was any objection raised,
he would postpone it until after the bill had been
reported.
After some further conversation, Mr. H. per-
sisted in his motion, and the question of order was
'passed over.
* U T^nivTonAT CUT 1 i , ., ! reflate; that we do not know; that we have not
Mr. JOHiNSON, of Maryland, rose and said, ! evidence whether war does exist authorized by
that when lie first heard of the peril m which our , Mexico. y
army was placed, and the invasion of the territory
of the United States by the Mexican troops, he
was resolved to do whatever lay in his power
to rescue the one and repel the other; find he was
ready noxo to do whatever appeared correct and
proper. Judging from the information before the
Senate—and he regretted that the documents ac-
companying: the message of yesterday were not
before the Senate—he believed that a state of war
does exist—not m the strict constitutional sense,
but in the other, and the almost equally important
sense, to wit: the territory of the United States
had been imaded, and with an armed force. He
(Mr, J.) was not present in the Senate when the
annexntion resolution was passed; but in honesty
and candor he was compelled to say that had he
been, he would have voted against it. Texas,
however, had been annexed to the United States,
and the Uso Grande had boon recognised as her
boundary by the United Stares, and by those Gov-
ernments which hr.d acknowledged the indepen-
dence of the llcpublic of Texas. Further: in pur-
suance of the oflcr of the Congress of the United
States, Texas had adopted a constitution, in which
the Rio Grande was slated as her boundary, the
laws of the United States had been extended over
nil the country to that river, and the territory in
dispute was recogniscd as one of her congressional
districts. It was no matter, then, how this new
State came into the Union; she was now one of
the States of that Union; was entitled to all the
privileges of a State; and her citizens were entitled,
in their persons and property, to all the rights and
protection afforded to citi/ens of other States; the
faith of the United States was pledged to vindicate
her rights, boundary, and territory. The United
States luniiiii thus adopted the State of Texas, the
invasion of (he temtory within the boundary which
her constitution claims, was an invasion of the
territory of the United Htates. and should be repel-
led accordingly. He (Mr. J.) could not vote for
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Connecticut, [Mr. Huntington.] He could vote
for no amendment which implied that the United
States was an n^re^scr in a war; but, in the pres-
ent case, he would advocate such a course as would
show to the vvoild th.it the conflict was not the
seeking of the United States, but of Mexico. In
conclusion, Mr. .1. observed, that if he was right
in hh view of the extension of the jurisdiction of
the United States over Texas to the Rio Grande,
&c., we were as actually in a state of war as
though the news had been received that the entire
forces under the command of General Taylor had
been attacked and cut oil" by the Mexican troops.
[A message was received from the House of
Representatives, announcing; that said House had
ptiMSed the Senate bill, providing for the raising
and organization of a company of sappers, miners,
and pontoniers, with amendments.
►Several messages in writing were received from
the President of the United States.]
Mr. M0UI51IEA.D said that the Senator from
Maryland [Mr, Johnson] must be mistaken on the
question of boundary. The subject of boundary
was expressly referred to m the discussion on the
annexation of Texas, and was referred to in the
annexation resolution itself. The second section
of that resolution says:
'• Si:r 2 he it farther resolved, That the foregoing
consent of Cnngrrs? i< given upon the following conditions,
and with tho following guarantiee, to w;t- Said State
to be formed, fniliject to tin1 adjustment bv thh Government
of all questions of boundary that may arise with other Gov-
ernments."
The question which we are now called upon to
determine lie understood to be, whether the war
declared to exist has been caused by Mexico.
Whether it is waged by the authority of Mexico
may depend on ciieumstane.es. We have not had
an opportunity to investigate the subject. The
question may hereafter present itself in a different
li^ht from that in which we now see it; and yet,
under these circumstances, we are called upon to
declare that this is a war authorized by Mexico.
Mr. HUNTINGTON thought his friend from
Maryland was laboring under a mistaken idea with
respect to the purport of his amendment. If we
erase the preamble, we do not thereby deny that
war exists; nor do we assert that Mexico has not
authorized these hostile acts. We only declare
by striking: out the preamble, that we wish to in-
