1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
805
=t ^-H°USe' he ha,d °PP°se(l any increase
this time army; andjie was opposed to it at
Mr. ANDREW JOHNSON raised a point of
a7' ovemiled'by the Chair.
Mr. GIODINGS proceeded to say that he was
a ,standing army, because he believed
that the founders of our Government intended this
nation to embrace within itself the inherent prin-
cipleof-self-defence. Our institutions had been
based upon the hypothesis that a nation of freemen
contained within itself the power to repel foreign
aggression; to maintain the rights of the sovereign
people; and to sustain the institutions which they
pad themselves established. He regarded a stand-
ing army as a foe to free institutions. It was op-
posed to the exercise of that freedom which was
our national boast. We had had a signal illustra-
^le dan§er a standing army on the Rio
s el JNorte, whore American soldiers, as much enti-
tled to the protection of the law as any American
citizen, had been shot down in cold blood, without
charge, or trial, investigation, defencc, conviction,
or judgment.
Mr. BURT here desired Mr. Giddings to yield
the floor to enable him (Mr. B.) to change the
character of his motion.
Mr. G. declined to yield until he should have
closed his remarks. He had yesterday (he pro-
ceeded to say) heard it stated from a high source,
" ^at American blood had been shed upon Ameri-
can soil;" yet wo had the documents before us to
show that the first blood which had been shed was ;
lhat of our own soldiers—shed by the hands of
their brethren in arms, without trial, investigation,
or conviction. 1-Ie objected to the increase of any i
liody of men who would thus bathe their hands in
their brother's blood.
We had had another illustration of the danger of n
standing army. We had seen an American Pres-
ident, who was by the Constitution the comimuuler-
iiwhiofof the army and the navy, as well as the
militia, invade a foreign soil, plant the American
standard there, subverting the rights of a foreign
people, and extending a military despotism over
them. In the progress of a revolution which was
fast verging towards a dissolution of this Union,
we had seen an American President, without pro-
vocation, and without right, planting the standard
of the United States on a foreign soil, anil using
the military forces of the United States to violate
every principle of international law and of moral
justice.
Mr. BRODHEAD callcd Mr. G. to order on the
ground of irrelevancy.
Mr. J. P. MARTIN said that the gentleman
was conversing about his brethren—the J\Ic.ricun.i—
which Mr. M. submitted it was perfectly in order
for the gentleman'to do.
Some conversation followed on the point of j
order; after which,
Mr. G., not being arrested by the Chair, pro-
ceeded with his remarks. lie entered upon the
question of territorial right, contending that the
movement of General Taylor was as much an in-
vasion of the Mexican territory, as if that officer
had planted his guns in the public squares of the
city of Mexico. He adverted to the probable con-
sequences of the war, to the prospect of its long
duration, to its heavy expenditures, its disastrous
results upon the interests, and, as in connexion
with slavery, upon the hatmony and perpetuity of
the Union.
Mr. G. had not concluded when the hour ex-
pired.
Mr. BURT now changed the motion he had sub-
mitted to a motion that the committee rise, with a
view to the introduction of a resolution, in the
House, to close the debate.
The motion was agreed to.
Whereupon the committee rose.
But the CHAIRMAN reported the bill and
amendment (and not the progress of the commit-
tee) to the House.
Considerable conversation followed, in which
Messrs. BOYD, J. a. ADAMS, BURT, T1B-
BATTS, GORDON, RATHBUN, JOSEPH J.
McDOWELL, and the CHAIRMAN took part.
The result was that the question was stated to
bo on concurring with the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union in its amendment, and
on ordering the bill to a third reading.
Mr. BURT moved the previous question, which
was seconded.
The main question was ordered to be now taken.
The amendment was concurred in.
And the bill was read a third time by its title.
The question then being, "Shall this bill pass?"
_ Mr, HARALSON demanded the previous ques-
tion, which was seconded.
And the main question was ordered to be now
taken.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and, being
taken, resulted us follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Stephen Adams, Arnold, Aslr
hum, Atkinson, JUiyly, Jiedmjjer, Hell, Benton, Bijrgs, Jas-
A. Black, BtuneharU, itoulin, Brinkerlioll", Broektminouijlu
Lrodhcad, William <5. Brown, KuiTiu^mn, Knit, William
VV. Campbell, Catheart, John < . Chapman, Augustus A. i
Chapman, Reuben Chapman, Ctmse, riupmnn, Clarke, I
Cobh, Cocke, Collin, C'ran^ton, Crozirr, Culiom, I'minimi*, !
Daniel, l>ar an, Darragh, Garrett JwlWaon Davfg,
D 'lauo, JJc Molt, Dillingham, Dobbin, J>o<'!n ry, Doujrlna*, <
Dimia|), Eilsall, KllMvorrb, Erdmnn, Faian, Fit klin, Fos- ,
tcr, Fries, Garvin, Giles, Goodyear, Goulon, G aham, -j
Gilder, Grmnoll, C cover, llaiat-on, llannan-;on,
Ucni.-y, Uetnek, iiiih,ud, Hopkins Hou^h, J. W. Don-ton,
George S. linn t«)ii, fMniuwl W. linliai.l, Samuel]) Dab- !
bard, DtuNoij, James B. Hunt, Hiuifei, Jo-epli R. IngetMiH, i
Andrew Johnson, Hi ahorn Jones, Daniel Kins, Tbonuu-
B. Kin};, Lawrence, Lenke, La Heir, Lewi •, De\iu, ,
Ligon, Lumpkin, JVJeCleau, MeCieiltud, MeClejiiaud, IVIe- |i
Ooundl, Joseph J. M'-Douvll, .lame-? ^leDowell, Mellenry, ''
MeUvame, McKav. fViuirli, Jotin'P. M.uiitt, Batkb'y Mama, ,,
Mor-'C, Muulton, Nivtm, Nuiih, l';iiTi-h? I'.iyne, iVmllctoii,
IVrrill, IVtlil, PhoijH, I'olluck, UiUilitm. Reid, Helle, Uittei, ;!
Roberts, J, A. Rockwell, Uoot,Sa\vte||e, SiMtninon. Helienek, i.
S"ddon, AU'\an<lei, l>. Sons, Leonaid H. Himn, Hinip^on, |i
Tnuuun tfinuh, Thoma-5 Smith, Hubert Hnuflu Hianlou, |i
SteplnmH, Htewait, Siroltm, Sliouc, !$.• ),j.tmm Tbomp-on, j,
Jacob Thompson, Tlimimui, Tibliali*, Tinlrn, Tumult, jj
Tuwim, Tredvvay, "rrnmbo. Vnnee, Vinion, WVnhvnrili, j,
Wiek, Williams, WmtJnop, \\ ootlruir, V\< odwajd, Wood-
worth, Yaneey, and Young-- l->l-
NAVS—Mim.-iw. John (i11111(■ y Atl-nnn, floyd, ('iibcr,
(lidding, HuiiK. ilord, G.-orj-e W. Jones, Saw>ei, iStark-
wenUter, and Sr. John — i?.
Ho (lie bill was passed in the following form, viz:
A BILL tin the organisation oi a company oi happen-., mi-
fiei-i, ami imntoiiii'M.
Ih* \( nitich"l l>ij the Senile nivt limine of liejircsmt alive* of
the United of Jliminu in Con-;} cw a^cvihletl, That
theie be added to the eoipn ol eit^me'-ih one eoinpany ot
Hap|K«r-i, inniet^, and jmntoniei-, to In; e.dletl eu«incer miI-
dieiM; ulueh <'ouipaiiy hhitH he tompo ed ot ten r-er^eanl^,
or muster workmen, ien eorpunil«, or o\<"i eer<, two iuiim-
eimi^, lbirt\ nine juiiales of Ibe lu^t ela->-, oi m nli.-ei and
thnlj-mne piivate-i of the beeond el.i.s, oi Kdnnei^, in all
one hundied nu'ii.
Hi:i,2. *-l)i1 he itjiuthcr cintrfetl, Tlial Ibe p.i) and lalmn*
ol' llt«  -eiyeanN, or inni-lerw orknu-n ot' >-anl <'oin|ian,\, t-hall
be llie same Ibo^e now allowed by law to Uie ma>tei
vvoikmen employed by the ouluanee dopaitnient, exeepung
thai the engineer sergeant* isball recuve one i.tUon only
per day, instead of one ration and a hall'; ol' the eoiporaK,
or oveMoers, tl>e same as iho.^o now allowed by law to the
armorerH, c.unafie nuikera, and blacksmiths employed by
the oulminee department, exeeptmg that the engiuocr eor-
poialri nhall reetve one ration only per day, instead of otic
raiion :ind a halt; of the piivnte* ot the llr&t class, or arti-
!i *ortf, ttie fame us thode tu w allowed hy law to the artifi-
ei;i> emplojed by the ordnanue (h partment; of the piivates
of tin; M'comt clash, oi laboroi,^, the same a*> tho^e now
allowed by lnw to the laboiei* emjdojeil hy the oidnanee
depai Intent; nnd of the musician^, the same a«s tho^e allow-
ed by law to the musicians oi the hue of the anoy: the said
nou-eommi^ioned olhce^, pnvaien, and musicians being
re.-peettvoly erituled to the .«:tme < loiliim; and other allow-
ances tn ari' uiauted by law lo non commissioned olliceis,
privates, and musicians of the arhllery in the army of the
Dinted Htates.
Ski'. 3. Avil he it.further cnacir.1y That the said engineer
i'ompany shall be .subject to the rules tind urtieles of war;
shall he reciuitttl m the t^ame manner, and with the same
limitation, and «-hall be entitled to the banie provi.^ ion'-*, nl-
lowanee>, and benefits, in evety re-j)eet, ;us aio allowed to
tile other hoops coiis-tUttUm,' the pie etiL inihtury peace es>-
l tblibhinenl.
Si- c. 1. Jhul ho it further enacted, That the <uid engineer
company shall be attached to, and compose a part of, the
eoi ps ol en mcers, and be olh< eicd by oiheei> of that eoips,
a.-> at present oigam/.cd. Tiny wlndl be uigftuctcd in, and
peiform all the duhes of sappers, miueis. and ponfonier>,
and shall aid m ^ivnm practical iu-tmetion m these branches
at tin' Milit.uy Academy. They .-ball, moieover, uiub t the
oiders ol the chief engineer, be liable to seive, by detach-
ment^, in overs-eemg and aiding lahoier.^ upon foiufieauons
orothei woiksumb'i tin* eugiue<>r depaiinient, and inpu-
p<  vising; (inUhed fortifications as tbit-keepei&, preventing
injury and applying icpairs.
Hkc. 5. vhulhc it JaiUu't cuactot, 'J'hat the chief engineer,
with the approbation ot iho Hcck tarv of "VV.u, be a«uhoti/.ed
to regulate and determine the number, quality, foiin. di-
mensions, tee., of the necessary veineh^, ponton-, tools,
iniplemenis,arms, and othei Mipphes tor the use and seivice
of taid comjiany as a body of sappers, nimer^, and ponto-
niers.
i?h;c. (>• Jhid he d further cnaetcd, That for the fiscal year !
ending June tluitieth, one thornaml eight bundled and forty-
six, the isinn of twenty-five tliousind dollars he, an<l the
same is heicby, appiopriateil, to be paid out of any inonej 
m the Treasury not otherwise appiopriated, for the pay,
bnb.it.tpnc!1, and clothing of <aid company, and for canyiug
out the other purposes of llus act.
Mr. RATI1BUN moved a rcconsidcraUon of the
vote by which the bill had been passed.
Mr. RATHBUN aaid, if gentlemen would turn
to the fourth section of the hill, they would find it
provides for the permanent attachment of this corps
to the Military Academy at West Point, involving
an expenditure of some $25,000 and upwards an-
nually, and of no practical use in the world, except
ncrpasing largely the expenditures of the peace
establishment. This force was a veiy important
branch of the public service in time of war, and he
desired the army to be possessed of it; but he was
not willing; to give any vote for thus increasmgthe
| peace establishment. What good could it do for
I us to send one hundred men to West Point to teach
| the cadets practically the science of sapping, mi-
; nine, and pontoning? We have a corps of engi-
neers at the West Point Academy sufficient to edu-
cate the cadets there. This corps of sappers,
miners, anil pontoniers could be of very little use
in time of peace, cxecpt for sapping and mining
the treasury, and for this we had a corps in the
rest of the army amply sufficient.
lie thought, when public forces were raised for
an emergency like this, they should bear in mind
and act upon one important principle; and that was,
to make provision for disbanding them when the
emergency ceased; for this was the only time when'
we could get rid of them without infinite difficulty.
He had an amendment to this effect, which he in-
tended to offer in ease the bill was recommitted.
Mr. BURT thought the objections of the gentle-
man from New York to this bill were not well
taken, it was obvious to those who were not pre-
judiced against the West Point Academy that the
onlv earthly connexion which this corps could Imve
witu the exercises of that academy is to aid at par-
ticular occasions in certain exercises in field works.
It was not the particular corps of engineers, butail
the cadets educated there, who were to be instruct-
ed by this corps.
He would not £o into the general argument in
favor of this bill, inasmuch a4? it was well under-
stood that the great ma jority of the House were in
favor of it, and as action was demanded by the
exigencies of our country. The commander of
our army on the Mexican border has callcd for a
corps of this kind. He (Mr. li.) greatly feared
that Point Isabel, which is the great depot of all
our :«.toief?, of all our munitions, commissmy*s
stores, quartermaster's stores, for the want of this
corp.*, is now, whilst we are cavilling about straws,
in the possession of the Mexicnn army. In his
estimation, this was not the time to make this ob-
jection, or raise this discussion. I move the pre-
vious question.
The question was then taken, (under the opera-
tion of the previous question, the demand for the
yeas and nays on the main question having been
refused,)
And the House refused to reconsider the vote.
DEFENSIVE WORKS.
Mr. HARALSON moved that the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (for the purpose of taking up
the bill making appropriations for certain defensive
works.)
The motion having been agreed to—
The House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Denton, of
New York, in the cliaii.)
Mr. McICAY moved that the committee resume
the consideration of the Militaiy Academy bill.
Mr. HARALSON moved to lav aside that bill,
in order to take up the bill he had indicated; but
he waived his motion for the present.
W£ST POINT ACADEMY.
Whereupon, the committee resumed the consid-
eration of the bill making appropriations for the
support of the Military Academy for the year end-
ing on the 30th June, 1847.
The pending question was on the amendment
of Mr. Rathdun, that, after the cadets now theie
should have graduated, the academy should be
abolished.
Mr. SAWYER (who held the floor from yester-
day) resumed urnl concluded his remarks.
It is rather discouraging, (he said,) Mr. Chair-
man, to commence a speech at this gta^c of the
game, and when the House is so very thin. But
perhaps I may as well talk to the Chair and to empty
benches, as under any other circumstances.
When I was cut off yesterday in the remarks
I was making, by the arrival of a message fiom
the President of the United Stales, I was discours-
ing about a lecture which had been read to thiy
Mouse by the " Union.'' 1 had got pretty nearly
