806
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May >-12^
through with that branch of the subject, but i
have yet a word to say upon it- I  tor 011c, feel
that this House has done its duty to the country
faithfully, and m all respects. 1 perceive, by a
report published in the Intelligencer of tins morn-
ing, that I might he misunderstood in some of the
remarks which i yesterday submitted. In the
main, that report is coirecUl have no doubt but
that the reporter who made it reported mc honest-
ly. But it is augge^ted to me, after reading the
report, that I cast censure on the chairman of
tiie Committee on Military Affairs, [Mr. Har-
ai-son,] and that something I said might -be
construed into censure on the chairman of the
Committee of "Ways and Means, [Mr. McKay.]
I disclaimed yesterday any such intention. 1
believe that no men could have discharged their
duty more faithfully than these gentlemen have
done; and the same icmark is applicable to all
the committees of this Bouse, so far as their ac-
tion in relation to the recommendations of the
Executive have been concerned. This House,
if 1 may be permitted to say so, lias done its duty.
. But whilst I say that, I must,<\tthe same time, be
allowed to say, that, m my humble judgment, the
other branch of tins Legislature has not done its
duty. I say it lias not done its duty. The article
in the on an states that both blanches of the nation-
al Legislature arc Deumciatic. I deny it. This
branch is Democratic; the other js Whi£. The
action of both demonstrates the fact. And I hope
that hereafter, this body will not be chained with
a dereliction of duty, but that the blame will icst
where it belongs—with the Senate. I hope that,
in future, our i'tiend of the oi^an, when catechi-
sing and castigating us for a dereliction of duty,
will not associate tins body with the other; that
lie will not be afraid to do his duty to that body,
but that he wdl ur&e them on to a correct discharge
of their duties, and to the consummation of such
legislation as will redeem the pledges they have
given, or carry out the views which the people had
in sending them here. I hope that, hereafter, if
that body should sulfer important public measures
to he on the tables of their committees for months
and months, or should refuse to report or act upon
them,iye shall be held free from the censure, and that-
the people may be given to understand where that
censure ought properly to icst. There is a con-
trast between the action of this House and of the
Senate, and of the Senate and House of Represen-
tatives of the State of Louisiana, which must
strike the mind of every man. Within a few
minutes of the introduction of measures into those
bodies, appropriations of money were made to
send men on their way to the relief of General
Taylor's army. But when these same questions
came up before the Senate of the United States,
we hear (as, indeed, we have heard in this House
to-day, and I regret to say from a colleague of my
own) arguments m favor of that country with
which we are at war. 1 regret to find that there
are men here, as well as in the other end of the
Capitol, who nc"\er find their country in the right—
who are always proclaiming that we are in the
wrong, and our enemy in the right. Read the re-
ports of speeches delivered at the other end of the
Capitol, and you will see the evidence of the fact.
Read the speeches of honorable Senators on the
Oregon, and other questions involving the interests
of our country, and you will see men now, as you
have seen them heretofore, taking the side of the
enemy against their own country. That is the
course which is now pmsucd at the other end of
this Capitol. And 1 think it highly probable that
the bill we passed yesterday, with so much true
democratic republican zeal, may be discussed for
days or weeks, or may be so altered or whittled
down as that when it comes back here we may
not be able to recognise it.
But, Mr. Chairman, the Military Academy at
West Point is, 1 believe, the subject under consid-
eration. 1 have been wandering a little. But I
suppose that I shall be almost considered out of
order in touching the main question, as it is alto-
gether unusual here to do so. The bill, however,
opens a wide range of debate. I do not wish to
detain the committee very long, but I object to
make any further appropriations, of the character
of some of these contemplated in the bill, for the
support of this institution. It may be necessaiy
to make appropiialions in order to fulfil, legiti-
mately and in good faith, a contract entered into.
It may be well, in that view of that case, to pass
the bill under consideration. Bat I hope and trust
that the amendment of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Rathbun] may prevail, that we may
cut off this rotten ana corrupt institution, that is a
drain upon the public treasury; this thing that is
demoralizing in its elfccts; that has no tendency.to
good, or to the preservation of liberty and union.
Let these gentlemen who are there now know that,
after their time has expired, no further additions
will be made; and let the vote which we give on
this motion be a warning that, even if we should
now fail in our object, the motion will be renewed
from time to time, in the hope that it may yet
finally triumph.
It is said that these young men are s£nt there to
be educated for the service of the country in time
of war. What are the facts? I assert that nine-
tenths of the young men educated there at the pub-
lic expense never spend one hqur in the public
service after their education has been completed.
But so soon as they have received their education,
at the public expense, (whilst the mass of the com-
munity have to educate their own children,) and
arrived at manhood, they enter the professions.
The objection would not be so strong, if the chil-
dren of the poor were educated at West Point.
But it i« the children of the rich—the powerful—
the inJluential classes; the children of members of
Congress and their friends; and I almost fear that
this very fact may so operate as to prevent forever
the abolition of this institution.
Mr. 1UTRT explained. The gentleman was
mistake# in his facts. Beyond the interest which
he (Mr. B.) felt as an American citizen and a
member of this House in the institution, he had
none in it. But he held in his hand a paper,
(which he would be glad to submit to the exami-
nation of the gentleman,) showing the occupation
and condition of two hundred and twenty-one of
the cadets on the 27th June, 1842. One hundred
and eighty-two were in indigent, or in ieduced or
moderate circumstances; and the families of one
hundred and forty-four resided in the country.
No high functionary of the Government, General
or State, had at that time a son there. Whatever
objections might exist to the academy, he was
sure that the gentleman from Ohio desired to be
correctly informed as to the facts.
Mr. SAWYER. I have not looked at the ta-
bles. I spoke merely from my own experience.
I was saying that I feared the Influence which
could bo brought to bear against this amendment
might forever defeatit. I will state the reason. It
i^ because members of Congress have sons there.
They stand in the line of safe precedents. They
have their sons educated, and the sons of such of
their constituents as arc friendly to us. And I
say that, so far as my experience goes, it is the
sons of the wealthy that are educated there. I
know that there are members of Congress, not a
few, who at this moment have sons at that acad-
emy.
Mr. BURT. By the appointment of members
of Congress? Or since they came to Congress?
Mr. SAWYER. I do not know. I saw them
very busy here yesterday voting against this
amendment, and I think they will do so again. I
venture to say that they will keep on,and that the
same influence will operate upon the minds of gen-
tlemen for the future. Therefore it is that I fear
the institution is fastened upon us for all time to
come.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF. My colleague seems
to attribute the votes of members to interested mo-
tives. I voted against the amendment. But I have
never been instrumental in making more than one
appointment, and that was a young man—a me-
chanic—a printer's apprentice, worth nothing in the
world. 1 make this explanation, that the gentle-
man 's charge may not be made to apply to me.
THE ARMY OP OCCUPATION.
The committee rose informally, and
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by the hands of Mr. J. IC.
Walker, his Private Secretary, transmitting copies
of certain (additional) correspondence between the
department and General Taylor, and General Tay-
lor and General Ampudia, &c. In its dates it is
earlier than some of that transmitted yesterday.
The message and documents were read, laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BRODHEAD indicated, but did not press,
a motion for an extra number.
' WEST POINT ACADEMY. ~
Tlie Chairman having resumed his seat in com-
mittee— ' .
Mr. SAWYER continued. In 'answer to the
suggestion of my colleague, [Mr. Brikkerhofi',]
I would inquire whether that poor printer's boy of
whom ho speaks was not an apprentice, in a print-
ing office, where there was a Democratic sheet
printed?—whether my friend's political reputation
was not somewhat at stake; or whether -some
favors were not expected? ,
Mr. BRINKERHOFF. It was a Democratic
printing office; but no political consideration what-
ever actuated me.
Mr. SAWYER. Except thegeneral considera-
tion. • ■
Mr. BRINKERHOFF. I state further, that he
was not only a poor printer's boy,, but the son of a
mechanic—a hatter of our town.
Mr. SAWYER. Well, I must say that my
colleague has done better than many others. If all
had done as well, the institution,.so far, would be
Mr. BTJRT made a remark, or submitted an in-
quiry, not heard by the reporter.'
Mr. SAWYER. About individual cases I am
not prepared to speak; but,, so far as my expe-
rience goes, I repeat that it is the children of the
wealthy and the influential;who get to that estab-
lishment. X believe that to be true. Therefore it
is that I fear we may not be-'able to rid ourselves
of the institution, though I hope w,e may do so
hereafter. -
We have just received another message cover-
ing additional documents from the apny. I am
not disposed to censure the conduct of General
Taylor; but I must say that I feel very tittle con-
fidence in the course he has taken. He certainly
had been invested with all the power that a man
could have to call to his aid all the military force
he needed; and, seeing the enemy approaching
under the declaration which they made, that they
would consider that an act of war had been com-
mitted if he did not withdraw his army, he ought
to have taken the warning he received, and made
preparations for every emergency; yet here, to-day,
after hearing of the massacre of our soldiers, we
are told thM we should not go over to the Mex-
ican territory; that we have already invaded the
soil of Mexico; and that we should not blame her
for declaring war against us, and shooting down
our soldiers. I am not astonished to hear such lan-
guage from the source whence it has come, either
here or at the other end of the Capitol. The same
language was used in the days of old, and will be
used by certain gentlemen so long as th'e republic
exists.
But I especially regret, that, whilst this House
has so liberally and so promptly made the requi-
site appropriations to carry on the war, and to re-
lieve our army from its present desperate situa-
tion—I say I especially regret that, out of the four-
teen negative votes, (only fourteen, thank God,)
five of them should have come from my own
State. Oat of'" the twenty-six States represented
here, there were but fourteen negative votes, and
five of these Ohio furnished.' One consolation I
have; neither of them hails from beneath the folds
of the Democratic flag. I say it is the only conso-
lation I have; but it is a consolation.
To return for a moment to the cadets: I have
very little faith in their capability so to conduct
our military affairs as to redound to the credit and
glory of the country. I do not know an instance
of a brave, gallant champion coming from that in-
stitution. Whenever we have had such, they
have all been picked up from the fields, and the
woods, and the workshops of our country.
With reference to the remark I made that these
young men, after receiving their education, left
the public service, I would add, that if this insti-
tution is continued, it ought to be made imperative
on those educated there at the public expense to
serve their country, to make returns in good faith
for the benefits they have received. But, I repeat,
as things now stand, nine out of ten never enter
the army. They make better 'lawgivers or pro-
fessional men than military officers.
On referring to the army and navy lists, I think
I discover some corruptions existing there; and
I rejoice to see the present efficient head of the
Navy Department taking hold of one.branch of the
matter as he has done. I believe he -isgoifig to
render some efficient service to the country-, and to
