1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
807
rid us of an incubus, a. burden, a disgrace upon
our people. -These officers are a perfect set of
drones, living on the fat of the: land, and at the ex-
pense of the tax-paying community. The expense
of the army and the navy, in a time of profound
peace, is enormous, it is alarming; and it is grow-
ing more and more so every year. Look over the
navy list recently published. I have taken some
trouble to ascertain what these gentlemen are
about. - '
Of captains, there are sixty-seven ^ Of this num-
ber thirty-six are waiting orders. And if you look
at the list you* will be astonished at the fact that
«ome of them have been waiting orders for twenty
years. Is it supposed they are not on pay whilst
-waiting orders ? They receive from #800 to #1,800
a year; a majority of them are at this moment
waiting orders, and have been so from four to six,
eight, ten, and twenty years. Of these captains,
twenty-eight arc on duty. The rest are lying by,
«ating fine dinners and drinking rich Wines. And
I am informed, from a high sourcc, that of those
waiting orders,- some are unfit for service; and you ,
may, if you please, guess from what reason. They
are incapable from the very fact that they eat too
many dinners and drink too much wine.
Of commanders, thereare ninety-sev^n. Of these,
fifty-one are waiting orders, and have been almost
time out of mind. There arc forty-five on duty.
Of lieutenants, there arc three hundred and
twenty-six. Of these, ninety-five arc waiting or-
ders. And we have pursers and chaplains, "who
have been waiting orders for ten years.
Lf I am wrong, then the regmter is wrong.
These are damning, withering abuses, which de-
serve to be exposed and remedied. 1 make these
charges, and 1 hope that the Military and Naval
Committees, notwithstanding their other arduous
duties, will examine into these outrageous abuses
of the public treasure. Of the ninety-seven com-
manders, fourteen only are on duty at sea.
We arc, to be sure, gloriously blcased with a
marine band twice a week, to play sweet whole-
some music, for the dandies and wiskerandoes and
the members of Congress, in the public grounds
near the President's House. Who provided such
a thing for our glorification, or for the amiiHenient
of peculiar classes m Washington city ? By what
law is it authorized ? It were better that, they were
playing Yankee Doodle in the city of JVlttfiimoiiis
than tickling our ears with their tuiicfid mites here;
and it would be better that these lazy captainn and
commanders of the army and navy should bo de-
fending their country there titan idling life away
here. You may order them off as soon as you
please; it will be weeks, nay, months—and in-
stances in proof can be cited—before tliey will start
on their destination. They love their homes and
their habits too well. Those are abuses that may
be winked at. But they exist nevertheless; and
I, as a faithful Representative, designing to do my
duty in the face of displeasure and frowns, wlioncc-
socver they may arise, proclaim these facts to my
constituents and to the country, that tliey may
know that there is at least one man here who will
do his duty fearlessly. 1 regret that my aged
friend, the venerable gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Adams,] and others, have taken so
decided an interest in resolutions, bringing the at-
tention of the House and the country to certain
deserters shot, as it is said, by the command of
General Taylor. I do not know what gentlemen
design to do with the information they called for;
but they pressed for it with a great deal of zeal and
bitterness. I regret that a gentleman of the vener-
able age and experience of the member from Mas-
sachusetts should have had any part in these reso-
lutions. I, not being half as old, not knowing a
fourth as much as that gentleman, may be wrong,
and he may be right. I speak according to my
judgment; and I undertake to say, that the very
fact of the introduction of such a resolution here,
indicated a distrust of the conduct of the military
commander, which was the very last thing that
should have been done; because, if you intend, by
any resolution of that kind, to pass a vote of ceil-
sure upon him for doing what he believed to be his
duty—especially in shooting deserters—you place
him in a situation not very enviable. _
Mr GIDDINGS. Does my colleague intend to
be understood as justifying the shooting of any
man, being either in the army or a citizen, without
atrial? _
Mr. SAWYER. 1 do.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Very weil, that is all. One
question more. In time of peace, or any other?
Mr. SAWYER. I do, most emphatically—
whether our own men or any others.
Mr. GIDDINGS. And do you regard that as
the Democratic doctrine'
Mr. SAWYER. Yes.
Mr. GIDDTNGS. That will do.
Mr. SAWYER. Not only as the Democratic
doctrine, but as the patriotic doctrine; and I believe
God smiles on the act. Shoot down all traitors,
say I. If you have an army to command, and your
men are to be permitted to walk off—to desert at
pleasure—to convey, it may be, intelligence to
your enemy—if they are pursued and refuse to
return to their duty, or to be taken, what are you
to do ? Are you to let them go > I heard my col-
league, the other day, on this floor, advocate the
principle of shooting down men who were in pur-
suit of negroes—sustaining them in the use of the
knife and the sword to defend themselves. Am I
wrong?
Mr. GIDDINGS. You h.'ivoheard meadvocate
the right of self-defence in all persons. Do you
deny to any human being m Ohio the right of self-
defence, where he is charged with no crime?
Mr. SAWYER. My time is about to expire,
t cannot yield the iloor any more.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Then Ho not put questions,
if you are unwilling to have an answer.
Mr. SAWYER, i advocate the doctrine of Old
Hickory, who set a good example, as Washington
would have done if lie had found a traitor in his
camp—take him dead or alive. It is just-, it is cor-
rort. The result of any other courso of proceeding
must be mutiny, and we all know what follows
then,
1 was regretting a while that there wore hon-
orable member* here, and in the other end of the.
Capitol, who advocate the cause of the enemy
against that of their own country, and who con-
tinue to throw stumbling-blocks in the way of the
successful termination of it. We have seen evi-
dences of that to-day, and wo saw them yesterday.
We have heard arguments justifying the Mex-
icans in shooting down our sohlieis and attacking
our army, bemuse it in said wo have no title to the ;
territory in which that army is encamped. And on
Sunday last, the force of the pulpit (as was the
caw in the last war) was brought to bear—to gag
the mouths of the friends of the country—to cry
clown   war in defence of the outraged rights of
tho nation. Suah< a sermon as that, I say, was
preached in this city. Gentlemen will know to
whom I refer. The sermon was not preached in
this Uall. The Aahburton treaty was taken up; a
sermon was preached in favor of the Godlike; of
the position he has taken; and against the party
that is opposed to him and his principles.
Mr. Chairman, 1 have given but a hasty glance
at matters as tliey exist. There is another bill on
our tables which I have ban anxiously trying to
get at.
Mr. GIDDINGS desired to make an inquiry as
to the sermon alluded to. lie wanted his colleague
to do the clorgv justice.
Mr. mUNKEUilOi?F. I think he has done it
pretty well.
Mr. SAWYER. My colleague will know to
whom 1 allude, and the persons present at the
church know.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I was not there, but I wish
to make an inquiry.
Mr. SAWYER. I suppose my colleague is not
the defender of the clergy of this city. If he will
say that he comes here as their advocate, I will
answer his inquiry.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I merely wish to know 
Mr. SAWYKR, (continuing:.) There is another ;
bill, tor the removal of other abuses in the Gov- ■
ernment, in which I feel a deep interest. I fear it i
will not be reached. But I give notice that so soon I
as we shall ha\e got through with bills of more i
direct importance, touching our preparations for ■
war, I intend to be very troublesome until I get
that bill up. I have prepared from high authority
a variety of statistics, by which I intend to show
some of the outrageous abuses existing in the army
and navy, and in the distribution of offices, more
fully than I have yet shown them. That is all.
Mr. TIBBATTS said he did not rise for the
purpose of discussing the particular amendment
under consideration, nor indeed the bill now before
the committee. Nor do I intend (said he) to say
j: anything in relation to the remarks of the member
'i from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings,] in relation to the
' shooting down of the soldiers, or rather the men,
(for they were not soldiers,) who deserted their
standard in the face of their army, and attempted
to go over to the enemy at Matamoras. I do not
think an argument in defence of such persons, de-
serves an answer on this floor. I think the only
thing to be regretted in this matter is, that these
. men, from the circumstances of the! case, had the
i honor of dying the death of soldiers, by being shot
1 down; and that they had not been taken and pun-
i ished, as deserters ought to be punished, by the
j rope of the hangman. Nor do I intend to make
j any response to the appeal of that gentleman for
| the vengeance of Heaven upon our officers and
j soldiers, who are now, or who hereafter may be,
! called upon to defend our rights against the Mexi-
| cans. I only express my wonder at the temerity
t of that Representative, on this floor, who will rise
i in lus place and express the aspiration which has
: been uttered by the gentleman from Ohio this
morning; and 1 only wonder that lie does not stand
in fear himself that a thunderbolt from that God
does not strike him to the floor of this House in
uttering sentiments of that kind.
Mr. Chairman, I regret that my honorable friend
from Ohio, [Mr. Sawyer,] who has just taken his
seat, has been led to a seeming censure of General
Taylor, in the course of his remarks.
Mr. SAWYER interposed, and (Mr. T. yield-
! ing) \v a a. understood to say that, as far as informed
: at present, he did not feel altogether satisfied with
; General Taylor's conduct; but nothing was fuither
j from his mind at present than directly to censure
! Jim conduct.
| Mr. TI! l>ATTS, (resuming.) I am satisfied,
; Mr. Chairman, that my friend did not intend to do
any injustice to that gentleman. 1 am satisfied
' that every man who knows General Taylor, knows
I that a more honest or a braver man, a more perfect
, gentleman, a more gallant oliicer, does not wear the
j, epaulette of any army on the face of the globe.
[, General Taylor is an olftccr of experience; one who
! has not transmuted m any degree the authority
' gi\en him by this Government; and one who will
; not fall short of exercising that authority to the full
^ extent of the discretion placed in his hands.
1 rise, however, Mr. Chairman, at the present
time, more with a view of noticing a remark by a
colleague of mine, [Mr. G. Davis,] not now in his
place, uttered on yesterday, and some remarks
which are reported to have been made by the Sen-
ators from Kentucky in the other branch of this
Capitol yesterday. - The deservedly high standing
' of these gentlemen in this country makes it proper
: that something should be said in relation to the
i positions they have assumed on this occasion,
^ and that those positions shall not go forth to the
■ I country uncontradicted.
!| One of my colleagues [Mr. Boyd] yesterday pro-
!; posed an amendment to the bill which passed this
! House for the increase of the army, the preamble
i; of which amendment (and which was adopted and
j1 became a portion of the bill which passed this
; I House) recited that " whereas, by the act of the
ij 4 Republic of Mexico, a state of war exists between
!: * that Government and the United States." Now,
j my other colleague, [Mr. G. Davis,] in relation to
that preamble,says:
t! " But, Mr. Speaker, I have an objection to the preamble of
j1 the bill. It recites that war exists between the United
! fcUate- and Mexico, and that this war was. b.-gim by Mexico.
[ Timt informal w;ir e.xi^ts between the two countues is un-
( deniable; but that Mexico commenced Uis utterly untiue,
i and 1 object to the preamble because it sets forth so bold a
i faisenood. I am decidedly, strongly, in favor of the appio-
1 puition of the money, and of the raising of the forces for
.; which the bill provides. For these purposes, it is sufficient
i! for me that our country is at war, he it formal or informal,
whether began by Mexico or our own Government. I ie*
!, qunconU to know tiiut our mmy is m danger, and whether
i it be in thv  territory ojlthe United States or Mexico, I am
ready to vote men and'money, even to the utmost ic-ouices
j' of the country, tor tiic roue. If the war he wionpful, at a
1! more convenient season I would hold them responsible who
li made Jt. But t protect solemnly against delilmg tin* meas-
uie with the unfounded statement that Mexico began this
war. That position is not necossaiy to give this hill any
po.-fdbI« effect. It could have been as well omitted and
had it been rejected, 1 doubt not the bill would receive the
unanimous vote of the lloivc. But Uiat \\a^> not the ob-
ject of ils  authors. Their purpose was to make the Whi"S
vote against, or force them to aid in thiowmsr ashelter over
the Adimmstrauon, by voting for a bill which set forth that
thid ncedtcoo ami unexpected wai was commenced hy Mex-
« Sir, if the bill contained any recitation upon that point
m truth ami jimi-p, it should he that 11ns war was be un bv
the President. Tlie river Nueces, is the true uesteiu bound
