BOB
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
, May 12,
aiy of Texas. The country between that s tieam and the
Del Nurte is part of Mexico*.1'
An honorable Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Morehead,] remarks:
"He could very well concoivo a case wheie the army of
the United States, having asMitned a position within the
territory of Mexico, such <i position as would demand from
Mexico that she should repel the invasion, and that the hos-
tilities should mi e between the two countries: would that
be a state of vvni ? No."
Now, the honorable Senator cites a case—a case
which is actually charged to exist by the honora-
ble Representative from Kentucky on this floor. It
is with a view to this question; Whether a war
exists between these two countries? whether the
assertion of the President of the United States, in
lus message to this House, and the assertion in ;
the preamble to this bill, be true or not ? and wheth- j
er, if that war does exist, it has been brought j
on by the act of the President of the United States,
or the Government of Mexico ?—that I wish to re- ;
ccive the attention of this committee. s
Now, what is war9 '* War" is defined by Vat- '
tel as" that state in which we prosecute our rights
by force." And further on, he tells us that " war
is cither defensive or offensive." It is said there
is no power in this Government that has a right to
declare war. It is true that there is no power in
the Government which has the right to declare
war, except the Congress of the United States.
And the distinction is drawn as to whether this is
a case of war, or merely the existence of a state
of hostilities between the Mexican Government
and this. Now, the power of Congress " to de-
clare war" mustbe taken in reference to an offensive
war. We arc told (and such is the fact—no man
can doubt it) that war is not only " offensive," but
4' defensive." If the Government of Mexico should
declare war against the United States, and should
invade the territory of the United States, will the
honorable gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Hiiett]—who, 1 believe, drew that distinction—
will he say that war does not exist? And will he
say that the President of the United States has not
the right to prosecute a defensive war without the
interposition of Congress?
Mr. -RHETT said he would answer with cheer-
fulness, if the gentleman desired; and (Mr: T.
' yielding) he said, in the ordinary use of the word
44 war," we generally mean any fighting—military !
collisions of any kind; hut m a constitutional;
sense, under our Constitution, 1 say to the gentle- !
man that it is not in the power of a general, of a j
subordinate, or of the President of the United !
States himself, to make "war." Now, what is ■
the case here? Here is a case of mere military ■
commanders coming in collision. The Constitu-
tion of Mexico says the Congress of Mexico shall
declare war, and the Constitution of the United
States says the Congress of the United States shall
decLue war; and there can be no mere commander,
or other ofliccr of these two nations who can put
every man, woman, and child in Mexico and the
United States in a state of uw.ir," except by
the cooperation of the two sovereign authorities
of the two nations. But there may be collisions—
there may be hostilities, defensive or aggressive,
resulting from the action of other Powers; although
constitutionally, according to the Constitutions of
Mexico and the United Slates, there cannot be
" war" unless that u war" is authorized and de-
clared by the constitutional power of one or other
of the two countries. And he begged gentlemen
to look at the consequences that would result if
this were not true. It puts it in the power of any
military squad, of any commander of our nation,
or of any other nation, to put this nation in a state
of war. The killing of people is not war. In or-
der to constitute war between nations, that killing
must bo sanctioned by the war-making power; if
not sanctioned, it is collision between military
foices, between citizens; and*in ordinary parlance
is " war," but not war in the sense in which that
term is made use of in the Constitution.
Mr. TIBBATTS resumed. It must be per-
ceived (said he) that this is all an abstraction. It
would operate as very little consolation to our
countrymen who have been killed by this invasion
of our territory by Mexican authority, or to their
friends and relatives, to know (if they could know)
this distinction, that they have died by an act of
hostility, and not by an act of war. I am willing,
however, to take the gentleman on his strict con-
struction of the Constitution, and I say war can
exist, and that war does exist at this time, between
this country and Mexico, without a declaration of
war on the part of the Congress of the United
Suites. I call the attention of the gentleman and
of the committee to the distinction taken by Vattel
as to war " offensive," and war " defensive;" and
the question I put to the gendeman makes the dis-
tinction itself. If the Government of Mexico
should declare war against this country, and in-
vade our territory by an army, she is in a state of
offensive war; and if the President of the United
States, in the exercise of his constitutional duty,
should repel that invasion by the military power
which is under his control, as the commander-in-
chief of our military and naval forces, then this
country is in a state of defensive war, without any
declaration of war oil the part of Congress.
According, then, to the Constitution of this coun-
tryT-according to the state of facts existing on the
borders of Texas at this moment—there is a state
of war existing between this country and Mexico;
one that is a defensive war, I admit, on the part of
this Government, which cannot become offensive
without a declaration of war by Congress.
Mr. RI1ETT interposed, and inquired whether
the clause of the Constitution conferring upon Con-
gress the power " to declare war, grant letters of
marque and reprisal," &c., said anything about
' defensive" war, or 44 offensive" war?
Mr. TIBBATTS replied: There is nothing said
in this clause; but oui Constitution establishes that
our President is the head of the army and navy of
this country; and the laws passed in pursuance of
that Constitution give him the power to call the aid
of the army, and navy, and militia, to repel inva-
sion, and carry on defensive war without the aid
of Congress. Then I take it, that plainly, accord-
ing to the law of nations, the position taken by the
President of the United States is a true position—
that war does exist, and that the declaration in the
preamble to this bill is truth. Whether we will
make an offensive war against Mexico, and invade
her territories, remains yet to be determined. Not
only the President of the United States has the
right to go into a defensive war, but this power is
securcd to the States themselves. This is the pro-
vision;
Statu shall, without the consent of the Congress, lay
any duty of tonnage, keep troops or ships of war in rime of
peace, enter into any agreement or compact with another
State, or with a foreign Power, or engage in war, unless ac-
tual/'/ invaded, or in such imminent danger as willnot admit of
delay.1"
Then, let the gentleman no longer contend that a
state of war cannot exist—a state of defensive war
—and constitutionally exist, by the President of the
United Slates repelling an invasion, or by a State
repelling an invasion, independently of any act of
Congress.
I now come, sir, to the consideration of the ques-
tion, whether this war has been brought on by the
act of the President of the United States, or by the
act of the Government of Mexico; and to address
myself to the remark of another honorable Senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden) yesterday. The
honorable gentleman says:
" Mr. C. feared that all had not been done by our Execu-
tive that might have been clone to avoid that result. He
hoped the Senator from Arkansas [Mr. Sevier] might be
able to ju-tify, in every paitieul.n, the conduct of the Presi-
dent; but at present he could sec no good reason tor ad-
vancing our army through a disputed territory to the banks
of the Rio del Nort*1, and pointing our cannon upon the
town of Matamonis."
Now, whether this war has been brought on by
the act of this Government, Mr. Chairman, or by
the Government of Mexico, depends on the other
question, whether the territory between the Nueces
and the Del Norte is territory belonging to Texas
or to Mexico. My colleague [Mr. Davis] says it
belongs to Mexico. I had occasion, Mr. Chair-
man, at the last session of Congress, in a speech
which I made on this Texas question, to devote
some of my time to an examination of this ques-
tion of title. Now, sir, the lower part-of the Rio
del Norte, has been claimed, not only by the peo-
ple of Texas themselves, but acknowledged by this
Government before we ceded i his country to Spain.
And without repeating those remarks which I then
made, I will send them to the Clerk, that he may
read them.
The Clerk then read the following:
"Mr. Jeffcr.von, m his letter to Mr. Bowdoim 11th Julv,
1806, (Jeff, Cur., p. 49,) says:
" c With respect to our western boundary, your instruc-
< tions wiil he your guide. 1 will oiily add, as a comment
' to them, that, we are attached to the retaining the Bay of
' St. Bernard, because it was the first establishment of the
'unfortunate La Sale, was the cradle of Louisiana, and more
'incontestably covered and conveyed to us by France under
'that name than any other spot in the territory.
" 4 St. Bernard's Bay—bay in Hie Gulf of Mexico, on the
4 coast of Texas, longitude 96 50 W.; latitude' 28 30 N._—
4 Worcester's Gazetteer, ed. 1,823.'
"Louisiana was ceded by France to Spain in 1761 j and
was retroceded by Spain to France in 1800, and occupied by
France. By the treaty of Paris, of the 3d April, 1803, it was
coded by Prance to the United States, .and the possession
delivered by the French authorities in 1804. Mr. Madison,
expressing his own- views, and those ofMr. Jefferson, in a
letter of the 31st of March, 1804, says, that Louisiana ex-
tended woftvvardly to the Bio Bravo, otherwise called Rio
Bravo del Norte." Orders were accordingly obtained from
the Spanish authorities for the delivery of all the posts on
the west side of the Mississippi,'*
"And in a letter of the 31st of January, 1804, Mr. Madi-
son states that Mr. Laussat, the commissioner by whom the
French Government delivered the possession oj Louisiana to
us, announced <the Del Norte as its try.c boundary.' In a let-
ter of the 8th of July, 1804, Mr. Madison deelat es the oppo-
sition of Mr. Jefferson to 'the relinquishment of any territory
whatever eastward of the BravoS
" Mr. Monroe, in a letter of the 8th of November, 1803, en-
closes document, which, he says,(prove incontestably' that
the boundary of Louisiana is ' tire Kio Bpivo to' the west;'
and Mr. Pinckney unites with Mr. Monroe in a similar
declaration; and on the 20th April, 1805, in a letter to Mr.
Madison, they assert our ' title t6 be unquestionable.' Mi.
Monroe, in his letters of January 19th and June 10th, 1806,
says, that none could question < Qtvr title to Texas,y and con-
curs with Mr. Jefferson and Mr. Madison in.the opinion*
' tlbat our title to the Del Norte was as clear ix$*ib the island of
New Orleans
"Mr. John Quiney Adams, in a letter to'Don Onis, of the
19th March/1818, says:
"' The claim of France always did extend westward to
'the Rio Bravo.' 1 claimed the territory-Which
'you call Texas as being within the limits, and forming a
'part, of Louisiana.* And he further pays: 'Well might
< Messrs. Pinckney and Monroe write to M. CevaIlos,in 1805,
' that the1 claim of die United States to the boundary of the
'Rio Bravo was as clear as their right to the island of New
k Orleans.' And m hit! letter of the 3Jsi October, 1818, ho
a,ays*.- < Our title to Texas is established beyond the power
4 of further controversy.'
" Mr. Adams, in his letter of instructions to Mr. George
Graham, of June 2,1818, says:
"<Th« President wishes yoa to proceed with all con-
'ventfntfcpced to that place, (Galveston,) unless, as is not
' improbable, you should, in the progre>s of the journey,
1 learn that they have abandoned, or been driven from it.
{ Should they have removed to Matas;orda,or any other place
1 north of (he Rio Bravo, and within the ter) itory claimed hj the
t United States, you will repair thither, without, however,
c exposing yourself to be capiurcd by any Spanish military
t force. When arrived, you will, in asmi table manner, make
e known to the chief or leader of the expedition, yoUr author-
< ltyfrom the Government of the United States, and express
< the' surprise which the President has seen possession thusj
e taken, Without authority from the United States, of a place
< vithin their territorial limits, and upon which iio lawful set-
ctlemcnt can be made vMtvnsb their sanction. You will call
c upon him explicitly to avow under what national authority
< thov profess to act, and take care that due warning be given
<to the whole body that the place is within the United States,
< who will svjfcr no permanetit settlement to be made there?
c under any authority other than their ownS
" Mr. Clay, in his speech on the Spanish treaty, April &
1820, (Mdllory, vol. 1, pp. 400 and 401,) says':
" ' The title to the PerdLdo on the one side, and to the Rio
' del Norte on the other, lested on the same principle—the
'priority of discovery and of occupation by France; the
'principle observed among European nations having con-
' tiguous settlements being that the unoccupied space be-
tween them should be equallyfcdivided.' 'in 1685 he (La
' Salle) made an establishment on the Bav of St. Bernard,
< west of the Colorado, emptying into it. The nearest Span-
ish settlement was Panuco; and the Rio del Norte, about
4 the midway line, became the common boundary.'
" Mr. Clay, also, in his letter of the 17ih April, 1844, pub-
lished in the National Intelligencer, says:
"'The United States acquired a title to Texas extending,
'as X believe, to the Rio del Norte, by the treaty of Louis-
' i/ina. They ceded and relinquished that title to Spain by
' the treaty of 1819, by which the Sabine was substituted for
' the Rio del Norte as our western boundary.'"
I request the Clerk also to read an extract from
Mr. Clay's speech of the 3d of April, 18:20. In
relation to our title to Texas he says-'—
Mr. SEVERANCE here interposed, and asked
Mr. T. if he considered that the treaty of 1810 had
any binding force ?
Mr. TIBBATTS replied, certainly; but my ob-
ject is to show what we claimed to be the boundary
of Texas before that treaty was made.
The Clerk then read the extract from Mr. Ciay's
speech referred to, as follows:
"This involved an inquiry into our claim to Texas. It
was not his intention to enter at large into this subject. He
presumed the spectacle would not be presented, of question-
ing, in thisbianeh of the Government, our title to Texas,
which had been constantly maintained by the Executive foi
more than fifteen years past, under three several Adminis-
trations. He was, at the same time, ready and prepared to
make out our title, if any one in this House were fearless
enough to controvert it. He would, for the present, briefly
state that th'e man who is most familiar with the transactions
of the Government—who largely participated in the forma-
tion of the Constitution, and in all that has been done under
it—who, besides the eminent services "that he has rendered
his country, pihtcipally contributed'to the acquisition of
Louisiana, and who must be supposed,-ftom Ms various op-
portunities, best to know its limits~-deefared,-flfteen years
