810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May IS,
And the question being then taken (under the
operation of the previous question) on the adoption
of the resolution, the vote stood, yeas 85, nays 33.
fio the resolution was adopted.
Mr. THURMAN moved a recess till half-past
seven.
A motion was made to adjourn. Rejected.
The question then recurred on the motion of Mr.
Thuuman.
Mr. WIJN'THROP moved an amendment, fixing
ten o'clock to-ni^ht.
Mr. E. B. HOLMES moved ten to-morrow
morning. {This motion was not entertained.]
Mr. YVINTHROP said, as a question inter-
vened since the motion to adjourn had been voted
on, he would now again move to adjourn.
The CHAIR put the question, and announced
that it was lost.
Mr. W1NTHROP asked a division.
The CHAIR decided that it was too late to call
for a division after {he decision was announced.
Mr. W1NTHROP said he had called for a di-
vision before the decision v/as announced, and ap-
pealed from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. PR ICR moved the previous question.
Mr. WINTHROP said, as a motion now inter-
vened, he would again move an adjournment.
Tellers were ordered—ayes 51), noes 64. Nega-
tived.
The question recurred on the appeal.
Mr. "WINTHliOP said, as a division had now
lx?en had oil a motion to adjourn, he would with-
draw the appeal.
The demand for the previous question recurred.
It was withdrawn, and renewed three several times,
and was at last seconded.
A motion was again made to adjourn, and nega-
ti\ ed.
The previous question was put, that is, " Shall
the main question be now put?" arid decided in
(he affirmative.
Another motion was here made to adjourn. The
yeas and nays were taken; and it was negatived—
yeas 68, nays 7G.
Mr. Winthrop's amendment was rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. Thurman's mo-
tion—ayes 67, noes 65. Agreed to.
And the House accordingly took a recess, at
four o'clock, till half-past seveii o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
At half-past seven o'clock, the SPEAKER re-
sumed the chair, and laid before the IIousc the fol-
lowing communication.
Hoi su: oi llrrnKsuNTATn t.a, 1:3, 1^10.
5m: Iliivimr horn hy the Ifou e ivl'used a d'oik to
in doing tin- manual labor m the eommiifee to invvhtigato
the charges ut'amst Mr. Wt:lM<'i, unci tin; IIoum; having ro-
to me fioot furthor on Unit committf.'#',
Unix seeming di^po^'d to impose on mm* an unduu dijrire of
labor, 1 have felt it, due to nivscll to lel'tr-ci to sorve on that
nutt; Hiid I again nui-t r<:r,]xrthi!!y su*k Uic lioiioc to
o\< me, and that anothri in.iv he appointed in iriv plaer.
Vour obodn tit seivant,
JOHN PETT1T.
lion. John W. Dwi\ S'^fWwr, <yr
The sni<{ commuiiiention was read; when,
On motion of Mr. I NKERtlOFF, Mr. Pet-
tit was exeuscd from further sci vice upon the said
committee, and Mr. Seaborn Jonls was appointed
m his place.
RELATIONS WITH MEXICO.
A from the Senate, by Mr. Dickens:
Mr. Speaker: The Senate have passed the bill
of tins liouse, entitled "An act providing for the
prosecution of the existing war between the United
States and the Republic of Mexico," with amend-
ments.
The House proceeded to the consideration of the
said amendments; which were read.
And the question was stated, " Will the House
agree thereto?" When
Mr. HARALSOJN moved the previous question,
which was seconded; and the mam question was
ordered, and all the said amendments were concur-
red in, except the following, viz:
Strike out the following words in scction nine,
to wit: " Except as follows, to wit: privates of in-
fantry, artillery, and riflemen, shall receive ten dol-
lars per month, and privates of volunteer mounted
corps twenty dollars per month, for their services
and the use and risk of their horses*," and insert,
" and all mounted privates, non-commissioned offi-
cers, musicians, and artificers, shall be allowed forty
cents per day for the use and risk of their horses,
cxccpt of horses actually killed in action; and if
any mounted volunteer* non-commissioned officer,
musician, or private, shall not keep himself provi-
ded widi a serviceable horse, said volunteers shall
serve on foot."
And the question being put, " Will the House
agree thereto?" it was, decided in the affirmative,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, Stephen Adams, Anderson, Ashmun,
Atkinson, Barangci, Benton, Biggs, James Black, James
A. Black, Blaneliara, BowJm, Boyd, Brmkerliofl*, Brock-
enbrough, Brodhoart, William G. Brown, John H. Campbell,
Cathcart, Chase, Cliipman, Cobb, Cranston, Cuilom, Cum-
mins, Bargan, Darragh, Jefferson Davis, De'Mott, Billing-
bam, Dobbin, Douglass, Dromgoolo, Dunlap, Ellsworth,
tfnlnian, Faran, Fiekhn, Foster, Garvin, GUldings, Giles,
Gordon, Grovei, Hamlin, Ilarali-on, Uarmanson, lliliiaid,
Hoge, Hopkins, Hough, Jolm W. Houston, Edmuud W,
Huhard, Hungeifoid, James B. Hunt, Hunter, Charles J.
Ingeisoll, Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W.
Jones, Seaborn Joiuv<, Daniel P. King, Pieston King, Thoa,
Hurler King, Leake, La Sore, Levin, Ligon, McClean,
McClelland, Joseph J. McDowell, James McDowell, Mc-
C!aughe>, McKay, Barkley Martin,Mor-e, Moulton, Wivon,
■ Norns, Owen, Pamsh, Payne, Peuill, PetUt, Phelps, Price,
i Ratlilnui, Reid, Relfc, Hitter, Roberts, Root, Sawteile, Saw-
! yer, Seddon, Severance, Alexander D. Sims, L. 11. Sims,
: SiiYip-on, Truman Smith, Tliom;is Smith, llobert Smith,
Starkweather, St. John, Strong, Tlubodeaux, Jacob Thomp-
son, Thunnun, Treduay, Vance, Vinton, Wentworth,
VVheaton, Willuun.>, Woodward, Woodvvoiili, Yaneov, and
Yell-117.
NAYS—Messrs. Jolm Q. Adams, Arnold. Baker, Boll,
Milton Brown, Bullinatou, lluit, William W. Campbell,
C'.uroll, John C. Ohapnmn, Iteuben Cluipunm, Cocke, Cro-
mer, Culver, Cariett Jiuvis, Doekory, Edsiill, Edwin H.
liwinsr, I'oot, Gcnlrv, Graham, Glider, Grinnell, IJnmpton,
Harper, Henley, llerrick, Bluu-i B. Holmes, Hudson, "Leib,
Lewis, I.uiitpkinjMc'GlenmitdjMeOonnell, MeIlemy,MeU-
viune. IVlaisli, John 1'. Mama, Mosoley, Pollock, Kanisey,
J. A. ttockwell, Stephens, Stewait, Stiolllll, Tliomasson,
Tibliatts, 'i'runibo, Wmthrop, mid Young—.'>0.
The said amendments having till been concur-
red in,
Mr. HARALSON moved that the last mention-
ed vote be reconsidered.
And the question being stated,
Mr. HARALSON moved the previous question,
which was seconded, and the mam question was
ordered and put, ami the House refused to recon-
sider said vote; when
Mr. HARALSON moved that the vote on agree-
ing to all the said amendments, except the lost, be
reconsidered.
And the question being stated, '
Mr.HARALSON moved the previous question,
which was seconded, and the main question was
ordered and put, and the House refused to recon-
sider said vote.
j Onkred, That the Clerk acquaint the Senate
! thereof.
Anil then the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 13, 1846'.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, announcing that said liouse had con-
curred in the amendments made by the Senate to
the " act providing for the prosecution of the ex-
isting war between the United States and the Re-
public of Mexico;" also, that the Speaker of the
House had signed several enrolled bills.
The Journal was then read.
The VICE PRESIDENT signed the*Mexican
war bill, and suudiy other enrolled bills.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message received from the President of the
United States, transmitting cei lain (additional) cor-
| respondcncc between the Department of War and
j General Taylor, and General Taylor and General
Ampudia, &c., of an earlier date than that trans-
j milled oil Monday, was read, and ordered to be
; printed.
j Air. ALLEN moved that 20,000 additional cop-
ies of the correspondence just received be printed
i lor the use of the Senate, m connexion with that
j received on Monday last; which motion was
agreed to.
PETITIONS.
Mr. SPEIGHT presented the petition of Clem-
ents, Bryan, & Co., praying indemnity for loss
sustained by the annulment of their contract for the
removal of the Cherokee Indians; which was re-
' ferred to the Committee of Claims,
j Mr. CORWIN presented the petition of citizens
I of Ohio, asking a mail-route from Lebanon to Wil-
| mington,in that State, and the discontinuance of
j the mail-route between Waynesville and Wilming-
ton; which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. C. also presented four petitions of citizens'
of Ohio, praying an appropriation for the improve-
ment of till Maumee river; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. STURGEON presented the petition of "Wil-
liam Pittman, praying a pension; which was refer-
red, to the Committee on rensions.
Mr. JENNESS presented a petition of ship-
owners and shipmasters, of Portsmouth, New
Hampshire, praying that the pilot law of 1837 may
not be repealed; which was laid on the table.'
Mr. ARCHER presented .a similar petition of
shipmasters and shipowners of Alexandria, Dis-
trict of Columbia, which took the same course.
Mr. MILLER presented a remonstrance, to the
samoefFect, from citizens of Newark^New Jersey;
which also was laid upon the table.
Mr. CAMERON presented two memorials from
citizens of Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, en-
gaged in the coal trade, praying that the tariff of
1842 may not be repealed; which were referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr.. C. also presented a memorial of 'citizens of
the city and county of Philadelphia, praying the
establishment of a national foundry Within the Stale
of Pennsylvania; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. " ■
Mr. C. flirther presented resolutions passed by
the Legislature of Pennsylvania, opposed to the
establishment of a national bank, the distribution
of the proceeds of the sales of the public lands
among the States, and in favor of a separation of
the Government from "banking institutions, by
means of an independent treasury.
Mr. C. still further presented a memorial of im-
porters and dealers in wines and liquors, in Phila-
delphia, Pennsylvania, praying that foreign wines
and liquors may be subject to specific, instead of
ad valorem, duties; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Financc.
Mr. C. also presented a resolution passed by the
Legislature of the State of Pennsylvania, instruct-
ing their Senators and requesting their Representa-
tives in Congress to vote against any reduction of
the tariff of 1842, In presenting the resolution,
Mr. C, availed himself of the opportunity to ex-
press the pleasure with which he would obey these
instructions. Mr. C. further presented the peti-
tion of A. G. Ralston & Co., praying the repay-
mentof duties alleged to have been illegally exacted
of them by the collector for the "port of Philadel-
phia; which was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. CORWIN presented the petition of John
P. Converse, praying compensation for services as
special agent of the Post Office Department, for
settling certain claims for tolls charged against
mail contractors, and assumed by that department;
which was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. DIX presented a concurrent resolution of
both houses of the Legislature of the State of New
York, in favor of reorganizing the mihtia system
of the United States; which was referred to the
Committee on the Militia, and ordered to be print
ed.
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented a petition of
citizens of Mystic, Connecticut, praying a reduc-
tion of the^pay and mileage of members of Con-
gress;. which was referred to the Committee on
Retrenchment.
Mr. ALLEN presented a petition of citizens of
Lucas county, Ohio, praying an appropriation for
improving the Maumee river; which was referred
to the Committee oil Commerce.
Mr. CASS presented the petition of citizens of
Detroit, Michigan, praying the construction of a
road from Green Bay to the mineral region of
Lake Superior; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. DIX presented a petition of artists and other
citizens of New York, praying that paintings, stat-
uary, and other works of art, may be admitted
into the ports of the United States free of duty;
which was referred to the Committee on-Finance.
Mr. BENTON presented the memorial of John
M. Moore, late chief clerk in the General Land
Office, praying compensation for extra services;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. YULEE presented the memorial of the
trustees of the West Florida Collegiate Institute,
praying the confirmation of their title to theground
