1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
811
on which they have erected their building; which
■was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HUNTINGTON submitted the following
resolution, which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making
an appropriation for the completion of the works
for the improvement of the river Thames, con-
nected with .the harbor at Norwich, in the State of
Connecticut, and that the papers on file in the
office of the Secretary of the Senate be referred to
said committee.
Mr. BERRIEN said the bill that had passed
yesterday might render necessary some fuither
legislation. Jt would be rccollccted that we had a
treaty with Spain, in the 11th article of which it
was stipulated that neither Power should permit
privateering to be carried on from their ports
against each other. It was' thought that Cuba
might be the place from whence privateers would
be fitted out. The article subjects the parties to
the punishment of piracy; anu, although treaties
were regarded as the law of the land, still it had
been thought by Judge Story that tliey ought to
be accompanied by some legislative enactment to
give them full validity. He therefore begged leave
to submit the following resolution, and ask its im-
mediate consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed'to inquire whether any, and what,
legislation by Congress is necessary to give effect
to the 11th article of the treaty of San Lorenzo el
Real, of the 27th October, 1795, between the Uni-
ted States and Spain; and that they have leave to
report by bill or otherwise.
The resolution was at once adopted.
Mr. BAGBY submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies over under the rale:
Resolved, The the Secretary of the Senate bo
directed to pay to Elizabeth Titus, the mother of
.Tames Tims, late postmaster of the Senate, de-
ceased, the sum of $150, to defray the funeral ex-
penses; and that he be hereby further directed to
pay to Elizabeth Tims the balance of the salary of
said James Tims from the time of his death till
the close of the present session; and also the addi-
tional compensation usunlly allowed lum tor his
strict and faithful attention to the duties of his
office.
reports from committees.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, submitted an adverse report upon the pe-
tition of Zeba Baker; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. NILES, from the Committee on the 1'ost
Office and Post Roads, reported a bill for the re-
lief of certain persons therein named, the owners
of certain treasury notes which were lost while
under the control of the Post Office Deiiarlinent;
which was read, and passed to the heconri leading;
and the accompanying report was ordered to be
printed".
Mr. N. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill supplementary to the act providing for the
transportation of the mail between the United
States and foreign countries; which was read, and
the accompanying report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, submitted an adverse report
upon the petition of Michael Bowden; which re-
port was ordered to be printed.
Mr. J. also asked that the said committee should
be discharged from the further consideration of tin-
petition of Ann Kelly, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs; which was agreed to.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the
heirs of Louis de la Houssaye; which was read,
and passed to a second reading; and the accompa-
nying report was ordered to be printed.
appropriations for fortifications.
Mr. LEWIS moved that the prior orders of the
day should be postponed, in order to take up the
act (from the House) making appropriations for
certain fortifications of the United Suites for the
year ending June 30, 1847; which motion was
agreed to.
The bill was then taken tip, considered as m
committee of the whole, amended so as to appro-
priate $200,000 instead of $100,000 for the fortifi-
cation of the Florida reef, reported back to the
Senate, and the amendment was concurred in.
revenue marine service shaft be appointed by the President
' of the United States, by unci witli tlie ailvicc anil consent ot
tho Senate*, and all non-oommis-ioned officers m said ser-
viee shall be appointed by the Secretary of the Tieasury,
upon Ms warrant. , rnL ...
i gEc. a. And be it further aiactcd, That no person shall be
. fir-a appointed in the revenue marine to a higher
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, pressed an
amendment of $30,000 for fortifications at Proctor's
Landing.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, moved to amend
the bill by inserting $30,000 for fortifications at u ^ „„„„„„„ ...   
Sollers's Point, near Baltimore. _ !: araiie'Than"tht*r<i^'lieutenant, and none shall be consideied
These amendments were withdrawn, it being l! eligible to that office except he be between the age ot
represented by Mr. LEWIS and Mr. EVANS ij ofBeer stel. be p,;o-
that this hill embraced merely old works, and that ^ mote(l to ;l ju,f[;er gra{je than second lieutenant unless he
another bill, on which these amendments ini^ht (i piorfuue9 the written testimony of two captains^n the
properly be grafted, was in its progress through the said service that he is of good moral character, ttmtne has
Hnnso nfttonrAa/m tfttivM : tlio necesparv qualifications as a seaman and navigator,and
Mouse of Representati\ es. unt,i |,<> thafi have been examined, and a report in his lavor
i he bill was then passed.   
Mr, LEWIS then moved to take up the bill ;
from the House making appropriations for the ;
current and contingent expenses of the Indian de- i
partment, for fulfilling treaty stipulations with the •,
various tribes of Indians for the year ending 30th i
June, 1847; which motion was agreed to. ^ !
This bill was discussed until a late hour in the ,
afternoon; and, after having been amended in sev- ,
eral particulars, was pulsed over informally. ;
And, on motion of Mr. ALLEN, the Senate!
proceeded to the consideration of Executive husi- 1
ness; and, after some time spent therein, adjourned
made by a board of officers appointed for that purpose.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be \t fuither enacted, That the President ana
Secretary of the Treasury may appoint to the revenue ma-
rine service, in the same manner as prescribed by the act oi
the third of March, one thousand eight hundred and torty-
live, one supeiintendms engineer, who shall receive the
i t .nnr rate ot i ompcnMimii allowed to captains m paid
senior, two additional chief and two additional assistant
l engineers, whose: compensation shall be the same as pie-
[ ocrihed in the act aforesaid.
1 Sf.c. T> ,'lnd be it further enacted, That from and after the
parage of tins act, the boat-wain*, gunners, and carpenteis
employed m the revenue marine serviee of the United States
shall bep.ud at the rate of thirty-live dollars per month, and
one navy ration per diem.
! Mr. RATIIBUN desired to propose a substi-
: tute, the object of which was to transfer the \es-
, sels of the revenue service to the navy of the Uni-
ted States. We had now (he said) three navies;
one, the navy proper; another connected with the
I Post Office Department; a third, the revenue ma*
i rino; and even a fouith branch, lie believed, was
, growing up, belonging to the coast survey. So
, far as he understood the objects, uses, and pur-
poses of the revenue service, it was absolutely ot
> no benefit to the country. It was growing out of
, the control of the proper officers of the navy, and
wd.-i not subject to that complete responsibility
which in a Government like ours was necessary.
It increased largely the expenditures of the Gov-
ernment "without any adtqu.uc scivicc xeturued.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, JMa\i 13,1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
A message was received from the Senate, by A.
Dickens, Esq., Secretary, informing the House
that the Senate had passed a bill entitled "An act
granting a pension to Richard Elliott," and a reso-
lution in favor of David Shaw and Solomon T.
Corser.
Also, that the President of the United Stales
had notified the Senate that he did, on the Hth in-
stant, npprovc awl sign a hill of the Senate entitled ,
44 An act to repeal a jnu t of the act entitled * An act j' It was very important, m Jus judgment, (and so he
supplementary to the .soveial laws for the sale of 1 had been advised by expej ionred men,) that we
ppiementary
the public hinds, approved April 5, IbW^, and for
Other purposes.*" ^ j
Mr. KKNNEDY. from the Committee on En- J
rolled Bills, reported that the committee June, ex- j
anuned eniolhd bills of the following titles, \i/.: j
An act lo authoii/c an increase ot the rank and
file of the anny of1 the United States;
An act providing for the pioseeution of the ex- '
isting war between the United States and the Re- j
public of Mexico; j
An act for the relief of Charles W. Bingley, of
Charleston, S, O., and found the same truly enrolled;
when the Speaker signed the said bills.
THK NAVAL AND REVENUE MARINE.
Mr. ISAAC E. HOLMES sent to the Chair the
following letter, which, on Ins request, was read
for information:
<ktiu:aseuy devautvikkt, >f'iwj 18-lfi.
"hm: The steamer* now under construction for the tev
enue numni! having piugre-ssed very lapidU towaids com-
pletion, u in doituhlc lli.it rome action should he taken
upon the bill which i had the honor to subnet with my l. t-
ler daied december^, it? 13, and which i understand you
have taken under your eaic.
u Ft is probable they will be ready lor a.-tive «,rniee in the
course of the approaehniq summer or fait, and their ptes-
enee upon the southern coast is voiy deMiable.   'iidei e\-
iming laws, the appointment of eniciiuei^ i- limited to mn
ill each 'iiude, being the riumb( r required for uiom; steamcis
now in operation.
" ! have the honor to be, very lecpectfuNy, >our obedient
servant, ^ J. WALKHK,
ilSi'crt tiiry of the Treasury.
« Hon. I. E. IIoi.mks,
•'Chmrmait Chm. Naval Jljfuirs, llo. of
Mr. II. said that there was a bill in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, which
regulated this matter. And he moved that the
committee be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the bill, with a view to have it put on
its passage.
And the question having been taken on the mo-
tion, and decided m the affirmative—
The Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union was discharged from the consideration of
the bill
And the question then was on ordering it to a
third reading.
The bill was read as follows:
A KILL to regulate the appointments and promotions of
ofiiceis m the United States revenue marine, and for other
purpo^s.
Be \t enactcd by the Senate and Home of Representatives
of the United States of Ji.ncrira in Congress assembled, That
ail captains, and lieutenants hereafter to be appointed in the
hould concentrate all our navy under that one
branch known properly as the navy.
Mr. I. E. HOLMES suggested to Mr. Ratii-
iu'V not to interpose these objections now, when
there was necessity fm prompt and decided action,
but that the discussion should be continued at some
othci lime. }Le(Mr. il.) would pledge himself,
as chairman of the Committee on Naval Allans, to
give due consideration to the subject.
Mr. RATIIBUN had no doubt, he said, that
the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Holmes]
aoted from just and patriotic motives. But he
(Mr. R.) must be permitted to differ with that gen-
tleman, for he found that it was always too late to
correct a thing which had taken a wrong direction
by the action of this Government. The very same
reason which had actuated him yesterday in en-
deavoring to prevent the permanent attachment of
a corps of sappers and miners to the Military Acad-
emy at West Point, actuated him to-day in en-
deavoring to prevent the increase of a marine which
was acting under two separate departments, and
two distinct commands. The navy was provided
with the means for the appointment of engineers
and meti, and for taking charge of them; and there
were officers and men ready and waiting for these
appointments. He had no desire to delay the ac-
tion of ibis House; but he was m no panic in rela-
tion to the difficulties between this Government
and Mexico. He was not disposed to act wrong
! in haste, and then, when he had become cool, to
I turn round and act right. He was for acting right
I at once; and it took no longer time to act ri^ht than
I wrong. His substitute would take from the treas-
| ury, which was charged with the collection of all
; the revenue, which had a corps of officers almost
! without limit, and responsibilities almost too gicat
| for any man, a large portion of patronage and e\-
! penditures, and would transfer them to the legiti-
' mate department of the Government. He called
I upon the members to take up the subject, and sec
| whether they were prepared to transfer to the naval
1 service vessels and men belonging to the Treasury
j Department, and yet leave the command in that
i department. This revenue-marine service was a
' worthless and useless thing, which ought to be
transferred to the navy by law. It was time we
acted on the correct principle of condensing that
navy. He had conversed with the officers of the
navy, and he had never yet found any who under-
stood the uses and purposes of this branch of the
navy, but who denounced the whole thing as
