818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
master in the army, praying to be released fr om a ,
judgmentobtained against him by the United States I
for certain public money lost while in his custody, '
by the explosion of a steamboat. j,
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES. j,
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on theDis- |!
trict of Columbia, reported a bill to provide a free jt
bridge across the eastern branch of the river Po- ]|
tomac, in the city of Washington; which was read, j!
and passed to a second reading. <!
Mr. SEVIER, from the Committee on Com- j!
mcrce, reported a bill relating to the collection j1
district of New Orleans, and for other purposes; ;
which was read a first time. j!
NAVAL SERVICE.
Mr. BREESE asked the unanimous consent of >\
the Senate to introduce a bill to repeal a part of
the act making appropriations for the naval service
for the year I84G.
Mr. EVANS inquired if notice had been Wven.
Mr. BREESE said notice had not been given,
and he hoped that formality would be dispensed
with, on account of the importance of the subject,
and the condition of the country, which rendered
prompt action necessary. If should have been
moved as an amendment to the bill passed the day
before yesterday, recognising the eKistencc of w<i"r
with Mexico. Mr. I>. sud it would bp recollected
that the proviso of the appropriation bill, sought
to be repealed, limits the -whole pnsoninl of the !
navy, except commissioned officers, to seven thou-
sand five hundred men. By the 8th section of
the hill recently passed, the President of the 1 Tni- ,
ted States i_s authorized to cause to be completed I
all the public armed vessels now in progress, and
to purchase, or charter, arm, equip, and man, such
merchant vessels and steamboats as may he found
fit, or easily converted into armed vessels, suitable
for the public service, and in such numbers as lie
may deem necessary fur the piotociiou of the sea-
board, lake coast, and the general defence of the
country. Now, (Mr. B. said,) it must be appa-
rent to all that to do this, seven thousand five hun-
dred men are not sufficient—a much larger force
would be necessary; but the President cannot pro-
vide it, as the number is limited by the proviso of
the act this bill seeks to repeal. He said he thought
the time for prompt, vigorous and energetic action
had arrived, and that not a moment's unnecessary
delay should intervene, in order to effect the object I
contemplated by that section. Our commerce \vns I
now exposed to depredations, and hoht cruisers, j
should be fitted out immediately for its protection. 1
He hoped there would be no delay in passing the !
bill, but that it would go through all the forms this j
day. ' ~ i
After some remarks from Mr. YULEK, !
Mr. B. said he had understood th;\t the Score- !
taiy of the Navy had said he could get along for
the present with the law as it, now stood. lie stud
thi3 did not satisfy him. " Getting along" merely
at such a time as this would not do. The most
prompt, efficient, and energetic action was required,
and it was forty-seven days yet before the law ex-
pired, in which time tho war should be half over.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, would suggest
that the best course would be to let the bill go lo
its appropriate committee, as there would be ample
time for action.
Mr. YULEE said there was no necessity for
action on the bill to-day. The Naval Committee
would probably report to-morrow on this subject.
Mr. MANGUM thought there, was no necessity
for any such instantaneous action, and thought the
true and proper courre would be to refer it. The
Senator could scarcely expect to pass the bill with-
out investigation, and if it was permitted to go to
its appropriate committee, lie would interpose no
objection to its introduction.
' Mr. WESTCOTT inquiicd of the Senator from
Illinois if the only restriction as to the number of
seamen to be employed was to be found in the act
of 1845? Was there not a prior law?
Mr. BREESE replied, there wvs not: that was
the only law on the subject.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTdN hoped that the Senator
from Illinois would consent to let the bill pass over
to-day. The committee could report immediately.
-As for himself, he was well satisfied that the lim-
itations of the existing law ought to be repealed.
There was no reason why the service should be
- limited to seven thousand "five hundred men. But
he was not willing to act with precipitation when
there was not the shadow of apology for doing so.
Would not the object of the Senator from Illinois
be perfectly met even if the bill ware referred as
usual? He hoped, therefore, that the reference
would be allowed without objection.
Mr. WEBSTER inquired if the eighth section
of the act, to which the Senator from Illinois had
alluded, did not authorize the President to man the
ships?
Mr. BREESE replied, it did; but it must neces-
sarily be understood to mean from the present
number of seamen. That act did not intend to in-
crease the standing force of the navy. But whether
this is so or not, (he said,) there was at least doubt
about it, and this bill would remove all doubt.
The bill was then read twice by unanimous con-
sent, and referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs.
The bill from the House making appropriation
for the Military Academy at West Point, was road
a first and second time b"y its title, and referred to
the Committee on Finance.
A joint resolution from the House of Rcprcsent-
aii\os to correct a clerical error in the bill to sup-
ply certain clelieien^ies of appropriations, was read
three times and passed.
The resolution offered, by Mr. BAGBY yester-
day was agreed to.
SALARIES OF JU1DOES IN FLORIDA.
Mr. SPEIGHT moved to take up the motion
to reconsider the vote, on ordering the bill to estah-
prior occasion to satisfy him (Mr. A.) m five min-
utes of the propriety of the nieasure, he would
consent, if that honorable Senator would afford
him the promised'light.
Mr. BENTON said that, in the first place, it
was unconstitutional, as it operated as a restriction
on the "appointing power of the President; in the
second place, it was inexpedient, and would be
cutting off the whole population of the'United
States from appointments to these offices, which
would" be invidious.
Mr. ARCHER said he could point to many
cases where the same restriction had been made,
but he had rtot the papers with him; besides, the
Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] was
anxious to be present when the bill came up, but
was not then in his seat. If the Senator from New
York [Mr. Dix] would allow the subject to be
passed over informally, he would call it up as soon
as the Senator from Kentucky came in.
Mr. DIX yielded his assent, and the subject was
passed over.
PAYMASTERS IN THE ARMY.
Mr. D. then moved to take up the bill making
alterations in the Pay Department of the Army;
which motion was agreed to.
The bill provides for one assistant paymaster
general, and to increase the number of paymas-
ters to eighteen instead of fifteen.. The'change
was contemplated as a peace establishment, but
was now rendered indispensable. By the present
,, law, paymasters were-appointed to hold their situ-
lish courts of the United States in Florida, and to !} ations for four years,f,but that had been found in-
provide for the duo execution of the laws of the l! convenient, and the present bill proposed to make
United States in that State, to be engrossed for a || these officers permanent. Mr. T>.' read "a state-
thud reading ]; ment from the Paymaster GenerM,. going-to show
Mr. S. said he had moved its reconsideration at |j to what inconvenience the department was sub-
the suggestion of one of the Senators from Flori- jected by these frequent changes of appointment.
da, whose object, he behe\ ed, was to move for an
increase of the salary of the judges.
Mr. YULEE expressed the belief that the sala-
ries fixed at £1400 were wholly inadequate to the
services which these officers would have to per-
form, and expressed his fears that competent tal-
ent could not be procured for such a sum. He
hoped to be able to increase it at least to $1S0Q.
Mr. WESTCOTT also advocated an increase of
the salaries of the judges with much* zeal, and said
the state in which the country was placed by ex-
isting events would render a judge of extended s
le^al knowledge and acquirements particularly ne- |
eessnry at Key West. :
Mr. ATCHISON said it was understood, when 1
the motion was made to ieeon<ji(!er, that it would
be regarded as a test vote; and if the Senate ;
agreed to do so, that then a motion would be made ;
to increase the salaries to £1800. He was opposed
to the reconsideration.
The vote having been taken, it was decided in
the negative: Yeas 12, nays 20.
CLAIMS OF NEW HAMPSHIRE.
Mr. ATHERTON moved to take up the bill to
settle claims of New Hampshire against the Uni-
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland,moved to strike
out the second scction of the bill, which makes
the appointment permanent, and gave his reason
therefor, quoting the law of 18$0j-under which all
appointments of disbursing agents were made.
Mr. HUNTINGTON also advocated the propo-
sition to strike out the second section, deeming-it
better that the law should remain as it is, and -see-
ing no reason to .make distinction between pay-
masters and other disbursing agents.
Mr. MANGtTM expressed his willingness that
the present law in regard to appointments general-
ly should be abolished. He considered it a most
injurious system which required a public officer,
however meritorious and faithful he might be, to
be displaced at the end of four years. He was
even willing that the party opposed to him in poli-
tics should have the benefit of the new system;
for he believed that, if the offices were filled with
the very worst material, it would be better than a
constant succession of changes.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, contended that
a knowledge, on the part of a public [officer, that
he must be reappointed at the end of four years or
else go out of office, would tend to make him a
better officer. It was true that ihe Executive had
ted Stni.es; which motion was agreed to, and the j j the power to remove an incumbent from office at
nnpstinn was fnlren rtn ■ns fi<5<io,A nf ftio bill Kir ,!   * j 
question was token on the passage of the hill by
yeas and nays, and decided in the affirmative, as
follows:
YEAS—Alien, Ashley, Atelnsmi, Atherton, Bin-
ton, Brres-e, Riigbt, Calhoun, Cameron, Chalmers, Colquitt,
1)i*. Houston, Jejmes-', John>on of Maryland, Johnson-of
Louisiana, Lewis, MeDuffie. NiJes, jVimybaeket, Ru-k,
tfevjer, Speight, Tiuncy, Webster, Westcott,
Woo^hrid^n, and Yalec—-3').
NAYf<—AicIit, nervier!;Thonn« Clavton. John
M. Clmron. Corwm, f>avi<. Davton, Evan*, Hunlmgton,
JarrM'iirt, JVfanguin, Miller, Morehoad, and Pearco—H.
On motion of Mr. DTX, the bill to organize a
company of sappers, minors, and pontonieis, was
taken up in eormnit^e of the whole, when
Mr. D. moved that the Senate concur in the
amendment made by the House; which motion
prevailed, and the bill was passed.
' MOUNT-RD jfilFX.E REGIMENT.
I Mr. D. then moved to take up the bill to raise a
, mounted regiment of riflemen—the motion pend-
ing being that of Mr. Archer to reconsider the
vote refusing to concur in the amendment oi* the
House to resiiict the appointment- of officers to
the line of the army.
any time for sufficient reason* whether the tenure
of the office was for life or for a limited period;
but it was equally true that an additional security
was furnished to the Government for the faithful
discharge of the duties of the office by requiring
upon e\ery renewed appointment a lenewal of the
bond of the officer, together with his sureties;
whereas, if the appointment was made for life, or
during the pleasure of the Executive, the bond
would not be renewed. He did -not see why an
j exception should be made, however, in the case of
; the paymasters of the army. The Senator from
! North Carolina was at least consistent in.desiring
1 a change m the law generally.
| Mr. WOODBIUDGE said he thought thesoffioe
. of paymaster presented a very proper case for 'ex-
j ception. Without changing the tenure of that of-
i fice, it appeared to him they would be compelled
| greatly to increase the number of paymasters.
I Mr. BENTON made a few observations, which
j we weie unable to hear.
I Mr. BREESE said he thought it was inexpe-
' dient to repeal the present law in regard to the
; tenure of office by paymasters^ th£ fact that no
Mr. ARCHER was not prepared for the discus- ;j money had been lost through any misconduct on
sion, not expecting it to come-up to-day; but as ;! the part of those officers, was attributable, in all
the honorable chairman of the Committee on Mili- i probability, to the existence ©f thafrl&w-. /In his
tary Affairs [Mr. Benton] had promised on a • judgment It was better to let well- 'sfijit^^^*
