1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
823
country and of Texas. Is that all we owe her?
No; we owe it to the habiliments of mourning
placed on the wives, and sisters, and mothers, of
those that fell at the murder of Fannin; we owe it
to the"blood of Crockett, that we should defend
the. soil of Texas and its-citizens from Mexican
invasion. Yes, sir*, and this Government may be
beggared; its coffers may not have a dollar in them;
but- the patriotism of its citizens is enough to col-
lect money from divers sources to carry on the
war, - The sisters and wives of those who fell in
the defeat of Fannin will give their jewelry tor
bullets and their locks for bowstrings, if necessary,
to prosecute that war. And I would to God—and
it is with proper respect to the men who oppose
this war that I say it—that they had stood with
Airs. Dickinson on the heights of the Alamo, when
she saw Crockett struggling in the conflict; when
she witnessed the sixteen Spaniards fall by his
bright stee), and heard—what caused the patriotic
thrill in her bosom—when Crockett breathed his
last sigh, that it was responded to by the dying"
troans of sixteen Spaniards. Yes, we owe
her much; and wc feel this when we consider
that we have worshipped together with the
Texan people in the same temples—that we
have been with them, many of them, in the same
battle-field, in the same court-yard, and in all the
associations of life. Yes; and wc owe something
to the distinguished leader of- their forces at the
battle of St. Jacinto; for he, too, was wounded in
the defencc of this country, at the battle of the
"Horseshoe," in the Creek nation. An "un-
holy" war? I should like to know what it would
requite to constitute a holy war. According to the
laws of nations—according to the rights of nations
—we are compelled to have war occasionally from
unavoidable circumstances; and we are fully justi-
fied in every point of view in prosecuting such war
for the maintenance of our rights. An " unholy"
war to defend the rights of Texas'1 An " unholy" I
war to avenge the blood of Cross? An " unholy" I
war to inflict chastisement on a foe that has in- i
vaded our borders, and threatened to inflict anni- i
hilation upon our army? That an "unholy" war? \
The denunciation of those gentlemen who thus j
characterize it, will blackcn the pages of Amen- !
can history, only to consign them to disgrace and :
ignominy. |
Sir, when Texas revolted from the Mexican \
Government, she did it in terms strong, yet pru-
dent; and in the issuing of her manifesto, she
declared the reasons why she had revolted from the
Mexican Government. She had become a prov-
ince of Mexico during the existence of the. consti-
tuted authorities, and the constitutional govern-
mentof Mexico. But when Santa Anna by misrule
changed that republican government from its con-
stitutional form 'and elements into a military des-
potism, Texas declared she could no longer, and
would no longer, associate herself with that por-
tion of the Government which sustained him; but
she exhorted the. other provinces of the Govern-
ment, the other States of-Mexico, who still adhered
to the constitutional government, to unite with her
in bringing back the Government to the constitu-
tional organization which it occupied before. I
may deem itnecessary, if I should attempt to write
out these remarks, to refer to the manifesto issued
by the Government of Texas, and 1 may publish,
for the satisfaction of those who may read it at
home, the -declaration of independence of Texas;
also the treaty of peace entered into between Gov-
ernor Burnett, of Texas, and the constituted au-
thority of the Mexican Government in the head j
and person of Santa Anna; and I may publish fur- j
thermore an extract from the letter of Mr. Clay in J
1844, where he asserts that the claim of the Gen- j
eral Government was right up to the Rio Grande, !
and also extracts from an honorable Senator from !
Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] and from Mr. Madison, j
Mr. Jefferson, and others, to show that our rights I
are good, and are confessed to be so up to the "Rio
Grande.
The following are some of the extracts referred
to:
In 1836, Texas defined her boundary as follows:
"•Beginning at the mouth of the Sabine river, and running
west along the Gulf of Mexico, three leagues from land, to
the mouth oi'the Rio Grande, then up the principal stream
of said river to its source, thence due north to the 4'M de-
gree of north latitude, thence along the boundary line, as
defined in the treaty between the United States and Spain,
to the beginning ; and That the Piesident be, and he is here-
by, authorized and required to open a negotiation with the
Government of the United States of America, so soon as in
jus opinion the public interest requires it, to ascertain and
define the boundary line as agreed upon m the said tieaty."
Mr. Clay says, in his letter of the 17th of April,
1844, as published in the National Intelligence:
" The United States acquired a title to Texas extending,
as I believe, to the llio del Moite,bythe treaty of Louisiana.
Thfy ceded and relinquished that title to Bpnni by thf- treatv
of 1819, by which the Sabine was substituted for the Rio del
Norte as our vwtern bovrtdary
Again, the Committee on Foreign Relations of
the Senate, in a unanimous report of the 18th of
June, 1836, through Mr. Clay, as chairman, unani-
mously adopted by the Senate, declared that—
"The recent signal and splendid victory in which that
poi'tum of the Mexican at my which \va? commanded by
General Santi Anna, the Piesident of the Mexican Govern-
ment, in person, was entirely overthrown with unexampled
slauahtei, compaied with the mconsideiahlu los*s on the
other fchle, put to flight, and captured, including among the
pi Honor- the Proident himself, and his ^taff, may be con-
ftideied as rfe:i$ue oi'the independence of Texas."
Resolution recognising the independence of
Texas, by the Congress of the United States, for
which Air. Clay voted:
" lico^red, That the State of Texas, bavins established
and maintained an independent Government, capable of per-
forming tho<e dnti">,forei2ri and domes-tie, which npppitain
to independent Governments, and it appearing that there is
no Iou<$.;r ati\ reasonable p o?peet of the pi execution of the
war by Mexico against said State, it i 4 expedient and pioper,
and in conformity with Hie law of nations, and the practice
of this Government in like ea^es, thai the independent poli-
tical e.ustcrice of said Sut'1 be acknowledged bj The Gov-
ernment of the TT.nted Stales."
Manifesto of Texas on the 7 th November, 1835:
Whejeas Oneial Antoum Lopez do Santa Anna, and
other military ebieltain-., have, bv foiee of arms, oveithiow n
the Fedcial Constitution of Mexico, and dissolved the social
compact which exited between Tc.\.h and the other m-m-
bers of the confederacy: Mow, the yoori people of Texas,
availing thcnihelves of their natuiai light, Mdenmly de-
clare—
" Piist. That they have taken up arm-« i«i defence of their
rights and liberfie-, which were thieatened by encroach-
ments of military despot*, and in defence ol the republican
piinenilc ol the Fed"n>l Constitution of Mexico of
llSe<ond That Texa* j* no lon^'i, uiouHy or civilly
bound by the compact of union, vet stimulated by the gene-
josity and v\mpathy common ton fice people. they ufl'er
then suppoit and a^ic-taiue to ^uch of the member- of the
Mexican confederacy as will take up ann& against military
de-[)'>n-iii
•• 'J'/urd. That thev do jiot .tcknowiedsre that fhe piesont
authorities of ihp pre-ent noinoial Mexican Itopublre, ha\ e
the nirlit to {rovern witln.i the limits of Texas.
•• Fourth That tnev will not cea^e to cany on war against
the said anthoiitie^ vviuNt thcit troop* an; in the limits of
Texas.
<• Fijth. That they hold it to be then- light, during the
disorganization of the ledeial system, and the reign of des-
potism, to withdraw from the Union, to establish an in do-
pendent government, or to adopt such measures as they may
deem best calculated to protect their rights and liberties;
but that they will continue faithful to the Mexican Go\ em-
inent,  o lont as that nation i« governed by the constitution
and laws that were framed for the government of the poli-
tical association."
After reciting a, long tram of grievances, the
Texnns declare their independence jn the follow-
ing bold and patiiolic, language:
" We then took up ann^ m defWice ot our national con-
stitution. We appealed to our Mexican bicthien for a.-?ist-
anee; our nnpea! has been made in vain ; though months
| have elapsed, no sympathetic response has vet been heard
fiom the mtciioi. Wo are. tlreiejore, forced 10 the melan-
choly conclusion that the Mexican people have acquiesced
in thede^fuetion of then hhern . and the sub-titntion there-
for of a militarv government; tliaf they are unfit to he free,
and incapable for self government.
•'The necessity of self-preservation, therefore, now de-
crec« our eternal political reparation.
"We therefore., the. r le'erutc?, v ith plena) ii poircr* of the
j peop7c ofTer,i'\ in °nVm/( ront-cntion OTsemb.'ed. appealing to
a candid world for the necessities of our condition, do hereby
resolve and declare, that our political connexion j nth the Mex-
ican nation, has foi ever rnded, at id that the yroplc of Tex.-a do
710'" constitute a free, $ovriei«n- and ivdrpend^it rcpicbhc;
and are. fully invited v ith nil the rights and attribute* u-li'h
jrroperhi belong to independent nations; and conscious, of the
icctitvdc oj our intentions, ive fcurlfsshj and confidently submit
the u*uc to the Supreme .Whiter of the destiny q/ nalbn*."'
But, sir, (continued Mr. Simp,) this is not the
question. We have solemnly annexed the Repub-
lic of Texas to the1 Government of the United
States; she asked us to extend our arms of pro-
tection to her; we did so; and I am sorry to state
that we did it too tardily; and she has come to
the bosom of our empire; and 1 am as ready
and as willing to fight for the last acre of ground
east of the Rio Grande as I would be to vote
supplies to defend the ancient provinces of Rhode
Island, Massachusetts, or any other portion of
this Union, no matter where it may he. It is
not for me now to inquire whether this war is
unholy or unjust. It is enough for mo to know
that it has begun; that the interests of our country,
that the honor of our country, that the integrity of
our territory, that the safety and the lives of our
soldiers, require to be defended and secured by
strong' and sufficient forces on the Rio Grande, and
elsewhere.
I have thus given my opinions on this subject,
Mr. Chairman, so that no false conclusion can be
placed upon my position. In conclusion, I will
state, that I believe the war is just; and may this
be our motto—
" In God is our trust; and
May the &tar-?pangled banner long wave,
O'ei the land of the free, and the home of the brave."
Mr. G. D A VIS obtained the floor, and addressed
the committee with the more immediate intention
(he said) of placing on record a few facts for the
information and consideration of his constituency.
He assumed the position that, since the passage
of the Mexican bill two days ago, war existed for-
mally and constitutionally. War had informally
existed for some time before; and it was a war
commenced by the President of the United States.
He (Mr. D.)'laid it down as an irrefragable prin-
ciple, that the war-making power, in all its phases,
except ns regards the purposes of self-defence,
rested in Congress alone. He assumed that such
a state of things as now existed did not exist until
the march of General Taylor's army to Brazos
St. Iago—an act done while Congress was in ses-
sion, upon the President's own authority and
i responsibility, and in violation, therefore, of the
constitutional power of Congress to declare war.
Whether war was necessary j or whether Congress
would have declared war, if the Executive, m the
dis< harge of his duty, had submitted that question
to them, was with liim (Mr D.) a matter of minor
consideration. The great point to which he wish-
ed to direct the attention of the committee and of
the country was this: that the President had him-
self commenced and waged a war whilst Congress
was in session, and without deigning to consult
them in relation to it. Whether war was intrin-
sically proper or not, the Executive had assumed
the function and power of making war, and it was
for this that he (Mr. D.) arraigned him.
Mr. D. now passed on to the question of title to,
or right of jurisdiction over, the disputed country
between the Nueces and the Rio Grande. He re-
ciied facts and referred to certain atlases, geogra-
phies, and other authorities, to show that Tamau-
lipas extended across the Del Norte to the Nueces.
He traced the political history of Texas and Ta-
maulipas, through the declaration of independence
hy the former down to the present time, to show
tliat Texas had never subjugated the portion of
country now claimed as a portion of her territory,
and that she never had any real title to it, notwith-
standing she had annexed it by a law of her Con-
gress. If it had been a part of that State, then it
was the constitutional duty of the President to re-
pel the Mexicans, if they crossed into it, by all the
power at his control. He (Mr. D.) admitted that
a poi'tion of the disputed territory might be a part
of Texas; but lie argued, by reference to various
expeditions that had been fitted out, and from
other sources, that Texan laws and authority had
never had sway at St. lago, or at Point Isabel, and
other places which he designated as not being a
portion of Texas at the time she was ceded to the
United States. AH attempts at conquest of that
portion of that country had failed; and the idea of
a mere declaration of right to territory giving it,
! was preposterous.
The army had occupied Corpus Christi until
after the commencement of the present session.
Subsequently orders were despatched by the Pres-
ident to General Taylor, instructing him to march
his army to St. Iago, and thence to the Rio Grande,
!o tiike position opposite Matamoras. Mr. D. re-
\ ferrcd to the course pursued since General Tay-
i lor's arrival there, to the blockade of the mouth of
| the Rto Grande, &c. He contended that these
! proceedings had neither excuse nor necessity; that
' they were acts of war, done by the President
| whilst Congress was in session, in violation of the
i Constitution, which vested 111 that body the whole
| war-making power.
j He repelled with scorn the obloquy and base im-
i putations which had been heaped upon the Whigs
for daring to arraign these acts of the Executive.
He (Mr. D.) denounced these acts as usurpations.
Whilst he did this, he would vote every man and
every dollar asked for the assistance of General
Taylor. He made a distinction between that oiii-
