1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
827
ident, and no deviation from it was m any case M&
permitted. And yet they were now to be told that ,, ^cs._[Apnl 2t); lg46.]
the power of-the President was arbitrary, abso- 1
lute, and'unregulated; and that Congress can ex-
ercise no Toioe in carrying out its own policy, nor
prescribe any rules for the organization of its own
army! Surely not. His friend frorn Virginia re-
ferred to various iiastarices in which such appoint-.
inentg had been made; and in all cases the Presi-
dent had been obliged to make them from the line
of the army. So-ft was with th,e quartermaster's )
department-, the topographical- engineers, and so >
also with several of the naval bureaus. He took j
it that the power of Congress in that respect was j
settled and established. If it were not, it would 1
be a grave question indeed, and deserve much con-
sideiation. He took it for granted, then, that the
question now was entirely one of expediency,
which might be as well determined without any
argument. He had heard with some' surprise the
assertion of the honorable gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Dix,] that the officers of the army did
not approve of confining the appointments to the
officers of the army. It would be very strange if
they approved of that, when their own promotion,
their own rank—always dear to the soldier—was
so intimately connected with this provision of the
bill. There might be here and there ail eccentric
officer of strange and peculiar opinions upon the
subject, but he was confident that the general opin-
ion of the army was different from that represent-
ed by the Senator. But he (Mr. C.) did not go
upon the ground of what the army wished, or what
it did not wish. He went upon another considera-
tion: what was best for the public service?—and
what was most likely to render these regiments
efficient? lie went upon the consideration, wheth-
er it was best to give uneducated troops unedu-
cated officers, or the reverse. He was also sur-
prised to learn that the army did not furnish a
superabundance of officers sufficient to supply the
vacancies. And yet the Senator told them of a
skeleton army as regarded privates and an army
of officers ! And yet there was not a superfluity
of officers sufficient to supply a single regiment!
That was strange indeed.
Mr. DIX explained, that a large number of offi-
cers had been withdrawn from the line for special
service.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Well, the actual num-
ber of the brevet lieutenants.is sixty or seventy.
Mr. DIX' stated that the number had been re-
duced since last January.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Well, they might rise
and fall according to circumstances, but he sup-
posed that number might be calculated on, or-
more, as they would remain in the service if a fair
prospect of promotion and employment was af-
forded them. Say that they would have fifty bre-
vet lieutenants, and that, with the redundant stall',
gave an army of officers. He did not exactly ap-
prove of the amendment of the House, which con-
fined these -new appointments to the line of the
army; which, according to its technical construc-
tion, as he understood, included the staff, the com-
missariat department, the quartermaster's depart-
ment, and the topographical engineers, in the latter
of which departments there was such a superabun-
dance of officers that they were ready to go any-
where, and assist private enterprise in railroads and
canals, and everything else of the sort. Indeed, they
actually had at that momenta colonel of topographi-
cal engineers, seated upon the banks of the Ohio
river to overlook snags, and superintend that dan-
gerous navigation 1 and he a most excellent officer,
too a most excellent officer; and yet, m the face of
all this, the skeleton army was to be left, and new
officers chosen from the jranks of the people, to be
appointed to these new regiments! He trusted that
if the Senate agreed to. reconsider this subject, the
amendment of the House would be itself amended,
and that instead of saying " the line of the army,"
it should be enacted that the appointments be made
from " the army," so that it there were a meiito-
rious sergeant in the ranks, he should have a fair
chance of that honorable promotion which his
merit deserved. In that way the new regiments
would be officered by competent men, and inexpe-
rienced troops would not be sent into the field with
officers as green and inexperienced as themselves.
Mr. CASS then rose, and read the following
paper, containing a series of questions submitted
by him to the Adjutant General, with the replies of
that officer:
1. " Number of companies in the army ?"
Jl-nsiver. One hundred and forty—viz. 20 of dragoons, 40
of artillery, and SO of mlantty.—[See " Organization," Reg-
ister, pp. 36,39.]
1. " Number of captains?"—[Vide Army Register,p. o6.j
Jlniwcr. It is pies-limed this qutstion id not intended to
embrace all the capiainsin the army, as well thobe of trie
stati coi p.- as those belonging to regiments, but has refer-
ence onlv to the latter, the number of which is U0, or one
per company [See Army Register, "Organization," pp.
38, 39.]
а. '• Number of first lieutenants?"
Jinsmr.. (With the same undsistanding as to the second
question,) lit—viz : SI" of dragoons, 80 of aitiliery, and 80
of infantry.
4. - Number of second lieutenants?"
*dnst> er. (With the same restriction as above,) 141, viz:
21  of dragoons, 40 of aitiliery, and CO of infantry.
D. " Number of brev.'t second lieutenants ?"
Jins err. Tile law allows one per company, which would
amount to 140; but this number has n.'VH been equalled.
The number attached to the regiments at this date is 00,
viz : 6 ol (lidgooutf, 19 ot artillery, and Jo of miaiitry.
б. " The number of platoon (t. e. company) oflic-ers on
staff and extra duty?"
Jlmwer. Theie were, at the end of 1845,165, (brevet sec-
ond lieutenants being included in the designation.) In tins
number the fuui adjutants of amllery and eight of infantry
aie counted, they not being available for company duty.
For further mioimation on this subject see paie 44 of Reg-
ister.
7. << Average number of officers sick and on fuilougii ?"
JLtv.ua-. This number may be set down a, about one to
every two companies. By the regimental returns, the whole
number of company ofiieeis sick and on fuilou^h at the end
of Januaiy last was 62; and tins, it ispiesumed, is a pretty
fairavetage.
8. '• Numbei of uffici'is aeiving with their companies?"
Jlmuer. It is piesumed this question lias reference to the
number of company officers pieseiit for duty with their com-
panies. Tins muni), i' u as oi about a;- per company,on
the .'iL-t of January hi t. Tins includes the bievet second
lieutenant-'.
9. "Number of supemumeiary cadets?"
Jhtswr. It is supposed this que-tion lias leference to the j
number of brevet second lieutenant-*. If so, the answer to !
the 5th interlocutory einhiaces it—being 00. '
JO. "Nuiiibei oi mdtti that will graduate m June?"
Jhtswcr. Tin re are 60 m the present firot el.es, all of whom, !
it is probable, will giaduate. I
II. "Average number of cadets required to fill vacancies
in tlie ai my ?"
~iusura-. It is thouttht 30 per annum would lie a lair ave-
rage—i e. 30 is the averaae numbu oi'vacanci s.
l->. "ltovv many men aie there in the Aiitencan army to
e,ich company olhcei actually doing duty with lus com-
pany ?"
./in'.'nr. The number of enlisted men allowed bj law to
the 14J companies of dragoons, artilleiv, ami uitanti},is
7,510; and a^ummg lie: nuuibei of oilicers stated in the an-
swer to the 8th question (325) to be about the aveiasre num-
ber present for duty, the pioporliou desired would be as
23 1-5 to 1.
Piom the foregoing statement, it will be seen that the num-
ber of captains and subalterns, including brevet second lieu-
tenants, (attached by law, act-29th Apiil, 1812, section 4, as
"supernumeraries" oi the lowest grade,) saving with the
troops, is only 325, being 95 lesn than the complement of
company oilicers provided -by the organic law. It then-lore
follows, that so far from the*c biing "supeinumeiaiy" oili-
cers lor duty with the tioop-, as has been sometimes assert-
ed, there is actually a deficiency .
K JONES, Jldjutant Gmmal.
To the Hon. Mr. Cass, of the Senate.
Al'RlL 18-Hi.
Mr. CRITTENDEN regarded the brevet lieuten-
ants as supernumerary officers. The law provided
for that class of officeis in order to retain the means
of keeping up a supply of educated officers, but not
because they were necessary to the organization of
the army. "They had a rank, and were attached to
the service, merely for the purpose of retaining
them, and therefore they were strictly supernume-
raries. They did the duty assigned to other offi-
cers. It might be said they were not supernume-
raries. The question was, could they be spared?
He had always regarded them as occupants of su-
i pernumerary offices, created for them. These
| sixty cadets alone, if no draft were made on the
■ redundant corps of staff officers, would be sufficient
to supply the new regiments.
i Mr. ARCHER replied to the Senators from
5 New York [Mr. Dixj and Michigan, [Mr. Cass,]
i reiterating his former arguments against the amend-
| ment.
Mr. BERRIEN read a passage from a message
of Mr. Monroe, bearing on the subject under dis-
cussion, against the placing restrictions on the
President. The Senate on that occasion disagreed
with the doctrine of Mr. Monroe, and enacted that
Congress had the right, and no executive power
* Note.—In dragoon regiments, one first lieutenant, and
one second lieutenant, aie allowed tor each company, and
in addition an adjutant (wlio maybe of other giadt) for
the regiment. In the first dragoons, the adjutant is a first
lieutojmnl. lit the second regiment he is a second lieu-
tenant.
had been delegated. It appeared to him that the
principle was fixed.
Mr. WESTCGTT wished to know how the re-
dundancy of forty-one "lieutenants had occurred.^
Mr- DIX explained; but in a tone not audible in
the gallery.
Mr. DAYTON thought that an additional num-
ber of officers was needed." The difficulty was in
the means of furnishing the new regiments with
experienced, officers. He thought that by ad dan-
cing officers at present in the service to superior
command in the new regiments, and promoting the
officers left in the old legimems, the object might
be well attained. t .
Mr. CASS described the uniform practice in the
army. He wished no restriction placed on the
President.
Mr. DAYTON had asked whether it was not
better to advance experienced officers than to cut
out high officers from the mass. He confessed he
had no disposition to increase the patronage of any
Executive. Let important offices be filled by men
who were known to be competent.
Mr. HOUSTON bad, as a member of the Mili-
tary Committee, concurrcd most fully in the view
taken of this subject by the majority of that com-
mittee. He regarded the matter ,not merely in lis
reference to the present condition of the army of
the United States, but also of its prospective con-
dition, and the wholesome order of appointment
and promotion in the line of the army. He could
not conceive how any important or desirable object
could be achieved by restricting the appointments
and promotions in the army to any class of indi-
viduals, either civilians or officeis. The officers
of the army had entered the service fully aware of
the regulations with regard to promotion, and had
no cause of complaint so long as their rights were
not interfered with. It wa5? not with the design of
" overslaughing" the officers now in the service
that the amendment hud been submitted to the
consideration of that honorable body. It was, on
the contrary, for the purpose of securing to them
their peculiar rights and privileges. The addition
of a new regiment did not at all conflict with the
existing rights of officers already in the service.
The extension did not involve any deiangernent of
the system. The officeis were restored or regis-
tered according to the date of their commission,
and their promotion was not at all affected by the
augmentation of the army m the creation of new
regiments. If the President were restricted to the
line of the army, such inconvenience would result.
For the colonelcy,-lieutenant-colonelcy, and ma-
jority, there would be at least three hundred appli-
cations from the army. [A voice: 44 five thou-
sand."] This great inconvenience would result:
only three could be appointed, and two hundred
and ninety seven would be disappointed—of coui&e
bringing down on the President's head two hun-
dred and ninety-seven curses. Be desired to see
the honorable posts of the new regiments thrown
open to all. There was less science than was gen-
erally imagined necessary to make a good officer.
The materiel of the good officer, or the good sol-
dier, was in his own bosom. The mechanical
part of the profession was easily acquired. A few
days' drill conferred that. But discipline was not
valor; it only gave greater efficiency to valor. To
the brave man, with the stout heart and sturdy
arm, whatever his pursuits 01 profession—to the
humblest soldier, whose gallantry in the field
marked him above his fellows—to all who had the
natural right which bravery and noble daring con-
ferred, he would open wide the door of promotion.
He was therefore opposed to partial legislation on
j this subject, and would give to the President the
fullest scope in the appointment of these officers.
Mr. ARCHER then stated that, if the motion
to reconsider were successful, he would move to
amend the amendment by extending the appoint-
ing power o\er all the corps of the army.
The question on the reconsideration was then
taken by yeas and nays, with the following re-
sult:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Berrien. T. Clayton,
Convin, Crittenden, Davis, Dayton, Evans, Huntington", Jar-
nagin, Johnson of Maiyland, Johnson of Louisiana, Man-
gum, Miller,Morehead, Pearee, Simmons, Upham, Webster,
Wevteott, and Woodhndge—£2.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchisop, Atherton, Bar-
by, Benton, Breese, Cameron. Cass. Chalmers, Colqum,
Dix, Houston, Jenness, Niles, Pemiybacker, Husk. Sevier,
| Speight, Sturgeon, Turner, and Yulee—22.
A tie vote.
