1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
829
Thirdly. My colleague says that he did not say
' that the war is a war against Omnipotence, nor did
he xise any terms equivalent to that. Well, sir,
what I have to say on that matter is this: I came
into the House while my colleague was speaking.
He was perhaps half through his speech when 1
entered the Hall. I consequently heard but the lat-
ter half of it/ When he closed, the gentleman from
Illinois,-behind me,' [Mr. Douglass,] took the floor,
and replied to him. In that reply I understood him
to attribute to my colleague the above remark. . I,
of course, supposed that he had used it, and I be-
lieve it was the impression in the Hall that he had
done so. I supposed that he had made it in the
part of his speech that I had not heard, or that, if
made after I entered the Hall, it had escaped my
notice. The next day, just as I was rising to speak,
it occurred to me that, as I had hot heard the re-
mark myself, I would inquire of some one who had
heard the whole of my colleague's speech, whether
he had made it. I made the inquiry of the gentle-
man from New York, on the other side of the
House, who was sitting by my side. He answered
that he had distinctly understood my colleague to
use the remark.
Mr. DFLANO. Why did you not inquire of
me?
Mr. THURMAN. Because you were not in
the House.
Mr. DELANO. I was at my room.
Mr. THURMAN. It'was not my place to hunt
you up. You were understood to have made the
remark. I heard no doubt expressed about it. You
certainly did say that the war was " unholy,"
"unrighteous," and " damnable." What room
was there for me to doubt? What was there to
even suggest a doubt in my mind?
Mr. DOUGLASS said that his friend from Ohio
[Mr. Tfiurmam] was under a slight mistake as to
the use of one word which he attributed to his
[Mr. T.V] colleague, [Mr. Dex^aimo.] The lan-
guage which he (Mr. Douglass) had attributed to
Mr. Delano, and that, too, with a certain knowl-
edge of its accuracy, was that <{ the war in which
we arc now engaged was an unholy, unrighteous,
and damnable war." The gentleman [Mr. Dll-
ano] did use these terms several times in the course
of his speech. When I spoke of the opponents of
our. country in this war having designated it as a
war against " Omnipotence," I had reference more
especially to the gentleman's colleague over the
way, [Mr. Giddings,] although it might have been
used by others. Probably I was not precise in
clearly designating to whom I referred.
Mr. THURMAN (resuming.) I certainly unr
derstood the gentleman from Illinois as referring
to my colleague from the Mount Vernon district,
[Mr. Delan.o.] It was to him that' he was reply-
ing. He designated no other person. My other
colleague [Mr. Giddings] had not, so far as Iknow,
spoken on the bill under consideration. I had no
iaea that lie was referred to. But, sir, whether
there is a mistake or not about the use of the
expression "war against Omnipotence," whether
those who understood my colleague from Mount
Vernon to employ that expression understood him
correctly or not, there is one thing about which
there is no mistake, and'thatis, that he denounced
the existing war as an " unholy, unrighteous, and
damnable war.'' These terms he did use, and
these terms he did repeat;and now I leave it to all,
whether they are or are not " equivalent" to the
expression about Omnipotence. If this war is
" unholy, unrighteous, and damnable," let my
colleague explain how it is that it is not a war
against Omnipotence, as mu^.h as any human war-
fare can be said to be against Omnipotence. What
would be a war against Omnipotence, if an " un-
holy, unrighteous, and damnable war" is not?
Mr. DELANO rose and read a short extract
from the report of Mr. Thurman's remarks in the
Intelligencer, in which the words " Democratic
war," " war against Omnipotence," &c., were
marked with inverted commas, as quotations.
Mr. THURMAN (resuming.) -That report was
not made by me. I have had nothing to do with
it, and never saw it until this morning, when I \
found it in the Intelligencer. It is in the main,
however, correct; There are some errors in 'it, it
is true; but my only surprise is, that there were no
more, interwoven, as my remarks were, with the
extracts referred to in the report. One of these
errors my colleague has alluded to. It consists in
making me represent that he had brought it as a
charge against the advocates of the war, that they
went for their country right or wrong, and were
ready to fight for it. This is an entire misappre-
hension of my remarks. What I said was, Miat
my colleague had stated that, as war now existed,
he was for his country, right or wrong, and that
he would fight for it; and then I went on to show
what a strange way he had of going for his coun-
try, right or wrong—what a singular mode it was
of supporting her in a war, to bring against the
war nearly all the charges that were brought by
the poacc party Federalists against the last war; to
denounce it as an unrighteous, unholy, and dam-
nable war; to hold up our Government to the eyes
of the world as the aggressor in the conflict; to
charge it with motives of conquest and aggrandize-
ment; to parade and portray m the darkest colors
all the horrors of war; to dwell upon its costs, de-
pict its calamities, and represent the theatre of ac-
tion not as a field of manly strife, where the cause
of the soldier's fall is found in his honorable
wounds, but as a scene of disease, and suffering,
and death, where pestilence is likely to achieve for
our foes, what their valor and arms could never
effect.
Lastly, my colleague says that I have charged
him with looking into the old Federal newspapers
to find arguments against the present war. Now,
sir, I expressly stated that I did not know that he
had ever seen the papers referred to. I expressly
said^that I would not charge him with copying
from them, for 1 did not know that he had ever
seen them. And this, sir, appears in the very re-
port of my remarks from which the gentleman
read. And yet he complains of injustice in this
particular. The similarity of the old Federal
chargcs against the last war, and my colleague's
charges against the present war, was striking
enough, it is true, and I remarked on it, as I had
a right to do; but I did not charge him with being
a copyist of those old charges. The very repoit
from which he has read shows this.
Mr. T. next alluded to a lemark of Mr. Dela-
no's, in leference to "Federal anccstry," and
asked if his (Mr. T.'s) ancestors were referred
to?
Mr. DFXANO. Not at all. I only meant to
be understood as saying that none of my ancestors
were Federalists.
Mr. THURMAN. Nor were any of mine, so
far as I know.
Mr. T. concluded by saying that there was no
member of that House who would be more un-
willing to misrepresent another than he was. That
he had never wilfully misrepresented any man.
That he desired to neither misrepresent nor be mis-
represented. That for what he might at any time
really say, he would be found responsible. All
that he asked was, that it might be first under-
stood what he did say, and upon what grounds he
said it.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
The House resumed the consideration of busi-
ness on the private calendar.
The bill for the relief of the owners and crew of
the schooner Tancrcd coming up on the question
of engrossment,
Mr. DANIEL opposed the bill, and said that,
as there were several bills of the same character
pending before the House, now, that there seemed
to be a pretty full House, he would call for the
yeas and nays. A similar bill had passed last Sat-
urday, and the yeas and nays were taken, but it
was so thin a vote, that he did not conceive the
question, or the principle involved in the bill, by
any means settled.
Mr. DANIEL P. KING corrected several errors
of fact which, he said, the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Daniel] had fallen into. The prin-
ciple involved in the bill had often been contested
in Congress, and the decision had been invariably
in favor of the allowance of such claims. The
number of special acts passed by Congress for
cases precisely similar was very large. The de-
cision last week had not been by a close vote or a
thin House. The bill had been elaborately de-
bated, was well understood, and had been under
consideration several days. The yeas and nays
were taken on its passage, and there were seventy
odd votes in favor to forty odd against it. This
was neither a thin House nor a close vote. He i
had no fear of the result on the present bill, and !
hoped the question would at once be taken.
The previous question was moved and seconded,
and the main question was ordered to be now put.
And the main question was taken by yeas and
nays; that is, on the engrossment and third read-
ing of the bill, and there were—
For the engrossment   82
Against it *   • *80
So the bill was ordered to a third reading.
Mr. DANIEL then moved a call of the House,
for the purpose of having every member present
to vote on the passage of the bill. Negatived:
ayes 58, noes 71.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. GR1NNELL said a few words in explana-
tion of some fact connected with the fisheries; after
which the question "Shall the bill pass?" was
taken by yeas and nays, and decided as follows:
For the passage of the bill 85
Against it 82
And so the bill was passed and sent to the Sen-
ate for concurrence.
DEFICIENCIES OF APPROPRIATIONS.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by the hands of J. K. Walker,
Esq., his Private Secretary, informing the House
that the President had approved and signed the
joint resolution to correct a clerical error in the bill
making appropriations to supply ccrtain deficien-
cies of appropriations for the current fiscal year.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
On motion of Mr. DANIEL, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole, (Mr.
Foot, of Vermont, in the chair.)
The following bills were taken up, considered,
and laid aside, to be reported to the House:
A bill for the relief of the owners and crew of
the schooner u Florilla."
A bill for the relief of the owners and crew of
the schooner " Henrietta."
A bill for the relief of Alborne Allen, (after a
brief explanation by Mr. Dargan.)
| A bill for the relief of J. W. Nye, assignee of
j Bagby, jr., (after a brief explanation by Mr.
j The bill directing the mode of settlement of the
| accounts of Thomas apCatcsby Jones, coming up,
! Mr. G. DAVIS moved an amendment, dnecting
i the Secretary of State, undei the direction of the
; President, to settle and adjust the claims of Ben-
j jamin S. Green, Charge d'Affaires to Mexico, and
| of W. B. Blackford, (to Venezuela ,) on principles
I of justice and of equity
i Some discussion followed, in which Messrs. Gf.
DAVIS, PETTIT, (in inquiry,) BAYLY, DAR-
RAGH, G. S. HOUSTON, C. J. INGERSOLL,
A. D. SIMS, PRESTON KING, S. JOKES, J. J
McDOWELL, GROVER, JACOB THOMPSON ,
CONSTABLE, and A. JOHNSON, (in inquiry
and explanation,) took part.
The question was then falteri on the amendment,
and no quoium voted, (but a quorum was ascer-
tained to be present.)
After a few further remarks from Messrs. JA-
COB THOMPSON, COBB, and RHETT,
Mr. RATUB-UN moved to amend the amend-
ment, by limiting the sum to be paid in either case
to $2,250.
After a few words from Mr. RHETT,
The question was taken, and the vote stood 
ayes 57, noes 74.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON moved to amend the
amendment, by confining the payment to the in/it
allowed by law. Rejected.
The question was then taken on the amendment
moved by Mr. GARRETT DAVIS, and no quo-
rum voted.
Mr. CULLOM moved that the committee rise.
Again 110 quorum voted.
, So the committee rose and reported the fact.
| Mr. DANIEL moved a call of the House,
: MOUNTED RIFLEMEN.
, A message was received from the Senate, by A.
; Dickens, Esq.,Secretary, informing the House that
: the Senate had disagreed to the amendment of the
j House to the bill providing1 for the organization of
; a regiment of mounted riflemen, and^ to establish
I military posts on the route to Oregon.
Mr. HAR.ALS0N moved to take up the bill.
i Mr. DAVIS moved that the House go into com-
mittee. 49
