830
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May' 16,
A motion was made that the House adjourn, j
which motion was rejected: but 110 quorum voted. |
!Mr. J. H. EWIX'G indicated again the motion j
made by Mr. G. Davis. j
Mr. S. JONES moved that there be a call of the j
House. lai
The yeas and nays were ordciedj and the vote J
stood—yeas 44, nays l2o.
So a call of the House was refused, but a liberal
quorum was present.
Mr. SEABORN JONES moved an adjourn-
ment. Xfi*atived.
And the House resumed its session in Commit-
tee of the Whole, (Mr. Foot in the chair,) and
again proceeded to the consideration of the amend-
ment providing for the claims of B. E. Green and
William At. lilackfoid.
Mr. ilAKALSON moved that the committee
rise, for the purpose of taking up in the House and
disposing of the message of the Senate on the hill
to provide for raising a regiment of mounted rille-
men. Negatived.
The question rccurred on the amendment moved
by Mr. Garrett Davis.
Mr. HAMLIN moved to add to the amendment
the following proviso:
Provided, That ihc sums so paid shall not ex-
ceed the pay of a charge d'affaires during the time
said li. E. Green and William M. Blackford were
employed.
The question was put, and the Chairman an-
nounced that the ayes hud it, and that the proviso
was agreed to.
Mr. (>. DAVIS and several other members call-
ed for a division.
And after some conversation between the Chair
and members as to whether the division could be
had aficr the decision was announced—
The ClXAllt was about to take the question
again*, when
Mr. HAMLIN rose and explained, and advo-
cated Ins proviso.
Mr. BAYLY opposed it.
Mr. COGB suggested to Mr. PLvmlin to modify
his proviso to read as follows:
Provided, That such allowance shall not exceed
the amount which has heretofore be$n allowed to
others in similar cases.
Mr. HAMLIN said if Mr. C. would limit the
allowance to Mr. C-freen to $1,009, he would ac-
cept it.
Mr. (GORDON opposed the claim of Mr. Green.
And the question was again taken on Mr. Ham-
lin's proviso. On wlucJi a quorum did not vote.
The committee then rose and reported the fact.
[Dunn? the debate nothing was said on the
claim of Mr. Blackford; the opposition was en-
tirely confined to thnt of Mr. Green.]
And the Hou^c adjourned till to-morrow.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, May 16, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday, after being partially
read was* approved.
ATTENDANCE OF MEMBERS.
Mr. DANIEL asked leave to offer the following
to be added to the standing rules of the House:
Resolved, Thar the following be one of the stand-
ing rules of this House: " Whenever a question is ji and Young-
liam G. Brown, John G. Chapman, Chase, Clarke,- Coefce,
Ciansroii, Crozier, Culver, Daiuol, Daigan, Dixon, Etd-
man, Fa'ran, Foot, Graham, Gnnnell, Grover, Hamlin,
Hampton, Haralson, Harper, Hopkins, George S. Houston,
Samuel D. Hubbard, Washington' Hunt, Geoige W. Jones,
Kenmd\, Leake, La Sere, Lewis, Levin, Ligou, McClcau,
McClelland, IVTcClernand/Mclivaine, McKay, Barkley Mar-
tin, M.>rn«, Owen, Ramsey, Rathbun, Ritter, JuFlus Rock-
well, Joim A. Rockwell, Scammon, Seaman, Alexander D.
Sun . Leonard H. Suns, Truman Smith, Thomas Smith,
Stanton, St. John, Thomasson, Tibbatts, Trumbo, Wcnt-
wortii, Williams, Woodward, and Young—72. . -
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Benton, James Black, Boyd,
Burt, John II. Campbell, Carroll, Cobb, Collin, Delano,
jDe Mott, Dobhm, D.omgooite, Duniap, Edsali, John H.
JEwing, Fiekim, Foster, Gmvin, Giddmgs, Giles, Gordon,
Grider, Hough, John W: Houston, Hudson, Hungerfard,
Jamei B. Huat, Charles J. Jneersoll, James II. Johnson,
Proton King, Thomas Butler King, Leib, Maclay, Joseph
J. McDowell, M<u>h, Miller, Mouse, Mo&eley, Moultun,
Norii<, Parrislr, Perry, Pettit, Phelps, Priec, Reid, Rolfe,
Rliett, ltunk, Sawtelle, Sawyer, Schenek, Sertdon, Sev-
erance, Albert Siuirt), Strolnn, Strong, Thibodeaux, Ben-
jamin Tmmtp&cm,' Jacob Thompson, Tooinb*, Towns,
Vance, Wheiuon, White, Winiiirop, Wood, Woodwoith,
Wright, and Yell—70.
So two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended.
I MOUNTED RIFLEMEN.
| The Hou.ic proceeded to the consideration of the
| following- amendment, which it had formerly made
to the lsr section of the bill entitled "An act to
I pro\idc for raising a regiment of mounted rifle-
! men, and establishing military stations on the route
to Oregon:0
Provided, That oil the officers for the aforesaid
regiment of riflemen shall be selected from the reg-
ular line of the United States army.
To this the Senate hud disagreed, and returned
the bill to the House.
Mr. HARALSON said, as it was desirable that
this bill should be disposed of as speedily as possi-
ble, he would move that the House recede fiom its
amendment to the bill; and on this motion he de-
manded the prcMOus question.
Mr. RATHBUN and Mr. EWING demanded
the yeas and nays; which were ordered, and, being
taken, resulted, yeas 96, nays 69, as follows:
YJ3AS5— Messrs Stephen Adams, Atkinson, Bayly, Bell,
Benton, Big^s, Jatrie* Black, James A. Black, Bowlin,
Boy<J, William G. Brown, Burt, Carlieait, Cnaae, Chipman,
Coubt Collin, Cullom. Cummins, Daniel, Dargan,!)« Mott,
Dobbin, Diouigoolu, Uunlup, Edsall, E.'lsvvo/tU, Erdman,
Faran, JVkliri, Foxier, Garvin, Giles, Gordon, Ratal&on,
Hopkins, Hoti-'h, George S. Houston, Edmund W. Hubard,
1 Huimcnord, JaiiH'i B Hunt, Hunter, Charles J. ing.'r^oll,
i Joni'pii Johnson, Kenned}, Pro-ton KiUi,',L.iwienee,Le:ike,
! Lcil), La Sor^', Jji-vm, Ligon. Lumpkni, Maclay, IMeCIean,
!' McClelland, MeCleriiand, Jo-cph J. McDowell, James Me-
'j D >vveH, M< Kay, John P. Mattin, b.uklev MjUui, Moihf,
!l Alonlton,Owen, Parnsh, Payne. 1-Vrril), P< ttit, PiiHp-, Prtc.*,
Ji Reid, R-li.:, Khetr, Hitter, Roberts, SawtiHe, Sawyer,
] ] Seanitnon, Soddon, Alexander D. Sim?, Leonard II. Sim^,
Tuomas Smith, Iiob,-it Smith, St.riton, Starkvvouther,
Strong, Jacob Tiiomp-on, Tibbatu. Tow n>. Tt umbo, Went-
worthj Wick, William.*, 'Woodward, Woodworth, and Yell
—Do.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Arnold, Admmn, B.nrnigci,
BiOflbearl, William W Campbell, John H. Campbeil, Car-
roil, Joim G. Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman, Clarke,
Cocke, CVoziei, Culver, Garrett Davi.-, Daiano, JJ>is:on,
Docker y, John £1. Evvrng, Foot, Gentry, biddings, Graham,
Grider, Grunvll, Grover, Hamlin, Hampton, Harper, Bil-
liard, &\\a* li. Holmes, John W. Houston, Samuel D. Hub-
! bard, Hudson, Washington Hunt, .Tamos II. Johnson, An-
drew Johnson, Thomas Butler King, Lewis, McGaughcy,
! Mcllvajne, Mar*h, Miller, Morse, Mos"ley, Noras, IJerry,
| Ramsey, Ratbbun, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell,
| Runk, Schenek, Seaman, Seveiance, Truman Smith, Albert
I Sirnih, Sit wart. St. John, Strolrm, Thibodeaux, Thoma^on,
Benjamin Thompson, Vance, Wheaton, White, Wirithrop,
-t>9.
' taken in Committee of the Whole House, and a f
' quorum does not vote, the chairman, before enter-
'taininff any motion to rise, shall state the question |j
1 and direi't the Clerk to call over the roll of mem-
' bers, and the members called shall answer ay or 1
' no, and the vote thus taken shall decide theques- :
' tion in committee as the yeas or nays prevail; and j
' it shall be the duty of the Clerk forthwith to re- ;
' poi t a certified list of the absentees upon any such ,
' call to the Speaker, who shall deduct from the
' pay of each the sum of eight Hollars for each time j
' his name was not answered to upon such call, I
' unless he make it appear to the satisfaction of
So the House agreed to recede from its amend-
ment to the bill of the Senate, and the bill was
passed.
Mr. HARALSON moved to reconsider the vote
just taken, and on that demanded the previous
question.
The demand for the previous question was sec-
onded, the maiifquestion was ordered, and, being
taken, was decided in the negative.
So the House refused to reconsider.
THE REVENUE SERVICE.
Mr. T. B. KING asked the unanimous consent
' the Speaker that he was absent from the city, or j| of the House to offer the following resolution,
1 detained from his seat by the indisposition of him-
' self or family."
Objections were made.
Mr. D. moved to suspend the rules for its recep-
tion, and asked the yeas and nays thereon.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted yeas 72, nays 70—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Stephen Adams, Ashraun, Baker,
Barnnger, Bayly, B-'H. Biggs, James A. Black, Bowlm, Wil-
which was read for information:
Resolved, That tlie Secretary of the Treasury
be, and he is hereby, directed to send to this House
a statement of the number of vessels employed in
the revenue service, their tonnage and armament,
respectively; the number, pay, grade, and rations
of the officers, with the date of their commissions;
the number, pay, and rations of petty or forward
officers; the number, pay, and rations of seamen
and other persons employed on board of said'TSs-.^
sels; and also the annual cost of that branch of th<6f"
revenue service. . •. v ; '■ . -
No objection being made, the resolution was re-
ceived, and'the question being taken, was decided
in the affirmative.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. DANIEL moved, that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole House on the
consideration of private bills, but waived the mo-
tion for the present at the request of
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, who asked leave to
offer a resolution for the printing of ten thousand
extra copies of the President's message in reference
to our relations with Mexico.
Mr. STEPHEN ADAMS and others objected.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to suspend the rules
for the reception.
The'question was taken j (tellers having been
ordered at the call of Mr. Rathbun-,) and decided
in the affirmative—ayes 92, noes 45.
So the rules were suspended, and the resolution
was received.
The question then being on Agreeing to tlie reso-
lution, Mr. ADAMS asked the yeas and nays,
which were refused.
Miv RATHBUN moved to amend, so as to re-
duce the number of copies to 3,000.
Mr. DANIEL moved the previous Question,
which was seconded, and the main question or-
dered .
The question w s taken first on the higher num-
ber; and whiie the House was dividing—
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON moved to lay the whole
subject on the table.
The tellers not having yet made^ their report
to the Speaker, and it riot yet having, been an-
nounced to the House—
The SPEAKER propounded the question on the
motion to lay on the table.
After some conversation as to whether the motion
to lay on the table Was in order while the House
were dividing—
Mr. HOUSTON (having ascertained that a ma-
jority of the House had voted for the printing)
withdrew his motion.
The SPEAKER then announced the vote as fol-
lows: ayes 72,'noes 50.
So 10,000 copies were ordered to be printed.
ACCOUNTS OF DIPLOMATIC AGENTS.
Mr. BRODHEAD, by leave, offered the" resolu-
tion, which, in a modified form, may be found he-
low.
After some conversation between Messrs. AD-
AMS, BRODHEAD, and HOUSTON,
The resolution, as modified at the suggestion of
Mr. ADAMS, was agreed to in the following
form: ••
Resolve A, That the Secretary of State be, and he
is hereby, directed to communicate to this House
the sums of money which have been paid to Ben-
jamin S. Green and William B. Blackford, as sec-
retaries of legation,.charges des affaires, or bearers
of despatches, stating the time that each was in the
diplomatic service, and in what capacity. And
also to communicate copies of all bills or accounts
on file in the State Department, which either may-
have presented for expenses or services rendered
the Government—specifying the items of account
objected to by the department.
PRIVATE BILLS.
On motion of Mr. DANIEL, the Hou.se resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole, (Mr. Foot in
the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
private calendar.
The bill pending was a bill directing the mode
of settlement of the account of Thomas ap Catesby
Jones, with an amendment thereto of Mr. Gr. Da-
vis, of Kentucky.
Mr. DAVIS withdrew the amendment.
I Mr. BAYLY briefly explained and advocated
| the biil.
j M r. RATHBUN moved an amendment appro-
i priating the sum of $1,501 78, in full of the balance
\ of his account, (in lieu of authorizing the settle-:
| ment thereof by the Secretary of the Treasury,
j " on the principles of justice and equity.")
I Mr. SAWYER opposed the bill. , ' , • -
I Mr. BAYLY briefly replied, and further en-
i forced it. . . • _ ■ ■
| The question being taken,, the amendment of
■ Mr. Rathbun was agreed to, - *< " ■
