832
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18:
"The committee present the ie*ult of then inquiiios, to-
gether with the coriosponiionce hereunto annexed and made
pait ot tln> report, wiui a hopj thutit wih not be umnteieat-
ing to the Senate of to the American people.''
" CrEOGR.VVIIV AN J POoIl-lon or OuKCrON*—t>! ^goo is^lil
shape an irregjiai rhomboid, mined towards trie west. Tne
parallel oI'4i° lionh ia'itti'l^ tonus, the southern, and 545 40'
the northern bas-.. Bct.vc-en ihe-o parallels- th'* dividing
ridge oftheRorkv Mountain* foim> tcie eastern side,and th.j
ragged coii.st ot t«itv I'aei'ic, including tuc adjacent inlands,
theVe-tem tiile."
'• Following enauc eoui^e*. b.it isolated by the mount-uns,
are the Elbe, the Ta^us. .ui i o:lier mors- ot the Baltic, toe
Eaxm<\ the Atlantic, and the M.'ditenanean. Descenuuig
j f o)n c.minion ladumt point-, and diverging eveiy way from
one another, no mteicoininunieauou exists between the
nveis ot Km op.', 1101 have art and commerce unit-id so
many  m.ui \aUey-  remotely isolated by lnipenetidbie b.u-
rier  lljnee up m e icli riv*.r is located a distinct people,
dnfenng tiom aa the rest in language, ha!)it>, and interests
The ln--toiy ot thea-: nations is a stoiy ot peipetual wai and
inutu d extermination. In the e re.peot-, Aaa diheis, in
nothing trom E.nope. Fiom the cential hairier ot the
Hun Ua>«\s run the iour great nveis ot'China, and di=elmige
in. ins 'Ive* nndei the lu-ing sun. Towards tne south How tue
uvcj*> ot Cochin China, the Ganges and the Indus; towirds
the \v est, the nveis ot' tiie Ca-pian; and north, tlnougli Si-
beiia, many rivers of the mVt magnitude.'3
faooiiEssivE Growth of America.—Tin' American
piopl. have, during two centuries giown fiom nothing to
y) 0JJ,()UD people; their annual production leac.ie^ ^1,500-
ojj.0'0, their maiine is the moat complete, paweitui, and
ellieicnt oi'anyin exts-tenc  ; then commerce, n-?-tin„> e.velu-
s>iv< ly on the ic-nukos of then eonip ict and inagnifh cut
teriuorv, is the luge-t m amount, the mo>t vrgojous, tare,
and in k*<mu'til)k' oi any m existence It be<u  a veiy
trilling iaro to the pvrannJ ol pioduction on winch u it si«,
and is capable ol unlimited uuimgement, without endui-
geiing it- solidity. It is now la; too eiamped and limited to
di.uv oft'the niCiC.ising suiplus of .igncuituie. The eho.ving
o, old muikets, combined witi tue tearing inpidity witn
which the agucultuial population absoina the wilderness,
paitiiiil.v indicated bytUeunuuil sak's ot' the national do-
main, opeiate^ a^. a double depiction upon tue va.ue of
ptodnee, vvnica is continually augmenting.
" Fioi.ting the Union, Oil every side, is a vast army of
pioneois.."
'• (3cf ne the maich of this pioneer aimy all obstacles must
succumb. It has never been known to stop ot to iceede;
wiuvevei it enter- it occupies IW see countries moie ex-
tensive than tne empire-, of Alexander or Napoleon overt utt
and settled truughout in tne hte ot a single geneiation. On-
stiuctiojia disappear behne ir~  lolling volume as suns? aie
bw.illawod up beneath a tiiunder-cloini. The impio\ ulence
ot G ivernnicut in failing tv> undeistand its moveuicnti and
piOvide tor its advance has repeatedly iuvolvcd the nation.
Tne Govcinment oi the Union la no moie able to tie up its
piogie-s than it is possible to hold the winds ai a net."
" Wlnl.tapoitiori of Maine was sjld toe money which our
Gji eminent yiid, the pioneers conyu6r«d and annexed th«
gloiious territory of Texas by immortal victories and con-
summate military prowess.*
,{IJnd-"i Demoeiatjc policy a prvogresfaive enlargement of
terntoiy lias tak -n place, parallel with the growth of popu-
lation and thj demand ioi loom. Canada was annexeu, but
not cun-u;ninat -d. The puichase oi Louisiana opened an
unlimited lange t-> th.) we-t in ti.e line ot th ■ gieat hulk of
piogie s. Tne llank^ ot the Mia.issippi have ncen -ceuied
bv' the aequHition ot Flouda and TvXis. Oregon icniain^
to complete the synuixetiy of the whole, and g«\o ih .sxi>
States.'5
fn an unliappyliour the Governmejitjini-caiculatingtlns
proirc^tvegrowth, and nn^infbimed as to thedgiicuKmai. x-
t ehenee of the sjr -at prairn1 region, u iwi-eiy h-euted upon
th 3 wesle.n bolder a muiutu.le of uanspoii. d Indians, and
pio.-ininiui Un  line impas-ablc to ihe white man, and tne
ie« nm bejond c losed to Hie advancing pmnweiS. lnco.-bant-
ly",if*L iimuiating, !ln-> choline multitude, like an eagle eon-
rending with tmi Iviu oi us c.igspread north, and plun-
ging into Iowj, Jomemed tiie wars oi BlacKliawit and the
PiOpiet"
<{ Wondeiful and lncomprelicnMhle >peelacle! WJnl t
the g;eat pioneci army i^- t im imi elc^-lv estibh'-hmg new
nation-, g'visjnnj? a <outi!icut and tin owing open a new
ocean, an Ameitean Co.igre>i and American hlatesiuen,
living at home at ease on a"nit revenue, aio laboung to con-
vince the woiid, and bvht\e theni-t lve , taul the pr<uue 
ar* impa-'-ahle to tlu-ir t<uops. amt tne ocean and rivers to
then snip*; a-seittng sovereignly, yet lefnsing protection.
Pioving that wnat women and children have penoruied by
t'leu unassisted mearn ia impossible to be attempt *d by the
Relert braws, the enormoua levc.iuc^, and n\v>uiees of tne
great American p'ojde. Grand tperncie, prodigious wis-
dom, consummate and b.a. e caution 1 if, wlui-t ims ?ub-
hme s -one u enact'ng at VVadnna'on, ten ihousn.d i-oiat ■*}
AinenCcin-s p'm-h l>\ tne t unanaw k, and 0<egon 1 >.-.t
t.ie-eby, what impen-habie gior.v will sunound our state -
in.'ii !"
" Final!v', the great want of the American people i^ em-
ploy m"lit on an immense sealefot then mdustrv. They look
tovva.ds t ;e A;li.nuc,and the land cape is < v. lywncie fid.d
nu and aheady choked They turn toenee towards the Pa-
cific ; tiie horizon is lifted up, and their ladiant eye., svwep
round a cncuit eveiyvvheie open, unbounded, unoccupied,
t^Piuins vt it'i people in nu lib t infinite, in wants unlimited,
in genius actne, mt-'ili^em. and commeiciai.''
It is a-'i-o-s the midthe tennoiyol our Union that, in
iesi th in twenty years, wil. be see.i the Euiopc.in and Asiatic
railway! It is. the compl *ti5ii Oi < ui Union, the ab^oi|;lion
ot'tlic wild? bv our ag. iciiStuial piop'e, tne c.eaiion ot StJtes
until ihey >hall amount in nutubei to r iuy, and the tjnunetiy
of the whole system be filled oat. It a m pur.-uiujj aii on-
ward, umnteirupted career, forever widening ami expanding,
tiiat the Union will be safe, and its, glory and permanence be
confirmed Shallowmendoubtt'nsjthe vvueknowit? truth,
for our past career give3 it proof."
" What withhold? a new generation of twenty millions,
with means unlimited, from rushing instantly to the Pacific
and overflowing it with their commerce ? Surely all energy
j has not died with our ftuhcrs, nor has the ardor of advance-
' ment become extinct! What to them will be the construc-
, uoii of a single railroad of a doz^ri tracks to span the Rocky
' Mountains in the high load to China? The times for such
| an enterprise have come, the means are m our hands, the
! leward certain, and already awaiting the kindled boldness
j and eneigy that shall grasp it." v
| "The agriculture of America has turned Europe into a
| manui'aetuimg labosatory. The politics of America, power-
f ful as her agricultuie, has flashed through European society,
! and modified its tyrannies. Science, tailed to the 'alliance
j with the arts, has created a new and tremendous power,
i mingling with commerce, politics, in public and domestic
j life, guiding, elevating, and controlling the whole economy
| of human art'tuiy.
" Such is the condition at which we find the world -ar-
rived ; such the pieparatory school in which mankind has
prepared itself, and a new, young, vigorous nation arisen to
be the h^ir of a new order of aflaiis about to flash into ex-
istence, and follow as the corollary of what is now demon-
strating."
" JDiomity op th£ American Position.—We beliold the
great American Republic become in fact tlio most powoiful
people among the nations of the earth; her commerce over
leaching that of Great Britain heiselt in every sea, and that
commerce as yet only in the sinewy vigor of the infant Her-
cules. The commmcc of Ehgland has reached its culmi-
nating era; the Mtal sap imperceptibly stagnates, letaining
only the fungous c\ergeen of the mistletoe, and verging to the
turning edge, wh-'ti follows a headlong decadence. A trem-
ulou-, frettul jialou?.v, common from the old towards the
j Oving, shakes tins antique anstoeracy. A helpless sense of
fii owing deeiepilude gnaws their vnals. War lias prostiated
Fiance, Holland, and ciu-hed all othei rivals. Success in
eru-hing by wai the commerce ol America is doubtful, and
afailuio ends bee own career. In tiie natuml cuncntof
things her doom h ceitam, and near at hand. Waning it
piecipuate her into headlong and ifietnevable disasters.
Ameacj, by (he amending celeut) of her progiess, is daily
plaeing nil other nat-ons tar down the slope below, and
lendeiimj all rivalry impossible. Befoietbey are aware of
ttien feebiene.-s, an unmeasured gulf yawns betore them,
not so much fiom their f-Iowne.~s, as by the incalculable ra-
pidity Ol oui piogiess. It is byits own indigenous increase,
and the ever-invigorating additions of newly reclaimed coun-
tries lilied with eiti/,eu-5 peifectly 1'ree and equal m their
strenntii, that an overwheirniim mo;at po.ver his accrued
tp the embodied American people. By the Americans them-
i reives tnen own gieatne.-s is not appreciated—to lor. iguers
it is incomprehensible ; for, whiUt history ahoundo in em
[ pues won by eonqucvt, no example exists of empires flashing
i up m the wildiine^s, peojiiing themselves—.ising, a< it
were, m a daj, ftandmg up ajnong&f the poweiful of the
eaith, and cl.nniing equality with Uie fir-.t m rank. Thus,
whilst peace endues, all other people are rapidly levelling
down, and assuming their appiopnate gradation in the wake
of American progiewt."
" The wealthy citizen of the Atlantic seaboard, intent on
trade, forever contemplating the ocean in front of him, re-
fining upon the-naval aimairienfc displayed to alarm him,
and perpetually^exaggerating its magnitude, cheapening the
power and resouices of his own nation, and incessantly tor-
turing hiuiM li with imaginary feais of war, devastation, and
desti uetum.live. a pre} to Piometbean anxiety, which never
sleeps and continually reviv< n. His couuige is weak, and
his> timidity lorcvv-r betia^ing its<'H."
" Wu luivc lately >eon the admirable map and goographi
cal de-cuption < t the gr-at Mr'sopoiatnia of Ann'rica, ac-
comp l-hed by Mr. Nicollet, in spue of the stingy and patsi-
moniou", reluctance ot Congicbb to add lo the gencial inti-
mate know h'dg : ot our vacant tei ritory "
Is the unpaiulieled agncultuie, on which is constiuctL:d
the solid supeistiueture ol the nation, whuh generates States
and furiiibhep tne heaped mass of production about to sub
due the world, to which comincico and manufactures are
but as the foliage to the majestic trunk—is this alone to be
I'm gotten in the geneial chaigc, and hfc to fel-i<£ger beneath
uniin rited busdeie., and the probing goad ot mgiatitude?
"Jiut the destiny of our nation has become now clearly
revealed, and gicat events, quickening in the womb of time,
rolled their cLaily-defined shadows into our very eyeballs.
Tnese events arc the imperial extension of the Republic
over the noithein continent, and our accession to tne com-
mercial dominion of the Onental seas'.
"Oil, why does acold generation f.igidly repel ambrosial
gifts like these, or sacrilegiously hesitate to embrace their
glowing and resplendent fate.5"
" Wonderful Government, which deliberates coldly when
asked to embrace m its arms and gather to its bosom this
chivalrous bcion ! Dreadful and dangerous timidity, when
a great empire of 2.),000,000 med;tnte- to make outcasts of it's
heroic children ! Sacrilegious and amazing infamy, which
tampers witn sogiaud a destiny, and ponders on decimating
ho brilliant an empire! And this beneath the aggravating
and infernal threat- ot the intoleiant hyena of the seas!
"As the United St ites posses- undoubted sovereignty over
the whole, whil.-t the claim of England is a tham, any com-
promise involves a ccitam lo« to America, and a ceitam
gain to England. To admit tiie possibility of acotnpiomi e,
mu-t prove fatal to the po?-ses-ion of Oregon by Americans,
and will involve eonces-ions certain to engender war. It is
already clear that the northern portions or Oregon arc what
the Amencan people need, and that temtory lias already
bN'n docked too much in cotnpiomise wilhRu^ia. At pres-
ent, then, a - America has nothing to yield, and England re- |
fuses to yield .ill, war is the only alternative; any-aetsof1
sovereignty by cither nation, designed to restrain the other,
muit produce open collision."
European" jealousi of America.—Have we not lately
seen fiamed and exploded. und< r the name of4 the quintuple
tieaty,' a holy alliance of European monarchs, contrived to
crush American commeice, to dictate a pnatical maritime
code to the world, and aimed and barbed to extinguish free-
dom in its extension r Are not the arrogant threats of Lords
and Commons to ravish from us our territory by war and
camion still levoiberating from the Butish council halls?
These acts of aggressive intrigue and infernal airogance
have just now been perpetrated, and are most recent history.
At this moment a new plot is under trial, the experimental
opening scene of which is boing enacted on the La Plata.
It is the designed and not concealed intention of the Euro-
pean tyrannies to carve into convenient mo&els, and dish
up for themselves, this continent of Americl—to each a
tiencher filled, spiced, and cooked to goige each particular
appetite—for Biasiil an extended imperial sway; for France
a Mexican monatchy; for Britain more colonial possessions,
to be annually raked empty with the drag-net of her com-
meicial sjstem."
"Is old "Europe forevety like a malignant, step-hsg, to
swing to and fro over oui h,ea$s. and hurl into our faces the
flagellating lash of her inahce f Shalt trie harpy ari- tocra-
cies, filthy and ravenous birds of prey, by divins right forever
hover over our heads ami souse down on our Republic, and
leave nothing, not evem our vacant territory, unrent, unri-
fled, unravished, and unpolluted by the shme of their filth^
offal ?"
"The men of the>e two great enterprises of which-we
'have spoken may not be thwarted. ,The ambition of the
on# mcaiccrates him in the womb of a ship, to pursue over
the boundless ocean and thiough exciting dangers the cap-
ture of the salt-sea monster; his spoil is blubber; oil illumes
the long night of his home, ivory rolls over the billiard tabie,
and whalebone bends to the fancies of female taste1, and
rescues the wilderness from savage masters and idle Na-
ture."
"The American nation is irradically planted upon the Pa-
cific seaboard now at this hour! Our brave citizens and
their wives have done this. Shall this sinewy child of Ore-
gon be cast, like CEdipus in ancient days, to perish on the
rocks, far from the.maternal breast? Will not ?uch infan-
ticide recoil upon the motherland In pestilence and incest
and tragic horrors? Little of clanger and alarm has the rapa-
cious and malignant hostility ot Euc'and or mankind m
mass, to teirify our hearts, compared with the domestic
hearth bristling with the empoisoned fanga of ingratitude
and bitter hate I Let nos American blunder into this sacrile-
gious scission of the foity-ninth degree. Let the whole
unanimous nation riso to grapple to us the whole of Ore-
gon, uncompromised and unimpaired? Without this upper
half, our territory is fatally docked, and its symmetry gone.
"In the undine and fluvial regions of the Iowa Mesopo-
tamia; in the grand delti of the concentrated trunk of the
Mi-sissippi; in the wonderful Piedmont that slopes down
fiom the eastern bftsc of the Rocky Mountains, and accom-
panies them through our whole tm ritory,* and, above all, in
the sublime expjuise of prairie plains around which these
are gathered, as eaglets to the bosom of their dame, has the
infinite taste ol the Creator grouped in radiant glory the
softest and most brilliant beauties of his creation. Nor in
less choice and transcending sublimity has he piledtovvards
heaven the Titanic structures of basalt that tower over our
western senboaid.
"To describe in detail this lasi, wondeiful portion of crea-
tion, so happi y found in the possession of the American peo-
ple, is an effort which only idle vanity would undertake, and
which genius would fail worthily to accomplish. For ara'le
agriculture it is unsurpassed; for pastoral agncultuie un-
equalled; in maritime position tran-cendent; in mountains
sublime; in valleys beautiful; eveiywhere ferule; embra
cmg grand rivers, the noblest, forests; and m climate dry,
temperate, and salubrious. To know and appreciate the
wonderful grandeur and value of this new country, is gloii-
ous to the patriotic and sensible. To deny its exccHence
and traduce its value is the characteristic of a narrow heart
and a peddling politician."
" Two centuries have roHed over our race upon this con-
tinent. From nothing we have become 20,00^,000. From
nothing, we are grown to be, in agriculture, m commerce, m
civilization, and m national strength, the first among nations
existing or in history. So much is our destiny so far; up to
this point transacted, accomplished, certain, andnot to be dis-
puted. Fiom this threshold we lead thefutme.
"The untransacted destiny of the Amencari people is to
subdue the continent—to ru:h over this viwt field to the Pa-
cific Ocean—to animate the many hundred millions of its
people, and to cheer them upwaid—to set tlie principle of
self-government ar -work—to agitate these heiculean masses
—to establish a new order in human affairs—to set free the
enslaved—to regenerate superannuated nations—to change
darkness into light—to stir up the sleep of a hundred centu-
ries—to teach old nations a new civilization—to conform the
destiny of the humau race—to carry the career of mankind
to its culminating point—to cause'stagnant people to be re-
born—to perfect science—to emblazon history with the con-
que^te of peace—to shed a n<?w and resplendent glory upon
mankind—to unite the world in one social family—to dis-
solve the spell of tyranny and exalt charity—to absolve the
curse that weighs down humanity, and shed blessings round
the world. Divine task! immortal mission ! Let us tread
fast and joyfully the opon"trail before us. Let every Amer-
ican heait open wide foi patriotism to glow undimmed, and
confide with religious faith in the sublime and prodigious
destiny of his well-loved country!"
[During the reading of these extracts the Senate
was from time to time convulsed with 'laughter,
and the galleries absolutely roared with merri-
ment,]
Mr. DAYTON observed that he did not take up
this report with a view of creating amusement by
reading it. It was one of those cases in which
documents get into print with the sanction of the
•Senate, which are calculated to bring discredit upon
that body. He moved its recommitment.
Mr. SEMPLE said the honorable Senator from
New Jersey had amused himself considerably with
the reading of the communication which formed a
part of the report, made by the committee of which
he was himself a member. The Senator, he be-
lieved, however, concurred with the report. He
had heard no objection to it on the part of the hon-
orable Senator, and he therefore had concluded that
he agreed with every word of if. " - 1
