884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
ton, Jonness, Niles, Speight, Sturgeon, Tuiney, Upham
and Westcott—16.
NAV3—Messi*. Aielier, J3a?by, Jlarrow, Benton, Uev-
lirn. Calhoun. Cncs, Chalmers, Convm. Davie, Dayton,
Dix, Greene, Haywood, Houston, Jainegm, Johnson or
Maryland, Johnson of Louisiana, T,fnvi.-, MeDutnc, Mil-
ler, Moreliead, Pcaroo, Ponm backer, temple, heviei,
Woodbridgc, and Yulee—~8.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, as
amended, the amendments were agreed to, and
the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
leading.
By unanimous consent, the bill was then read a
third time and passed.
The House bill for (he relief of the owner and
crew of the schooner Tancred was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
On motion of Mr. PENNYBACKER, the Sen-
ate proceeded to the consideration of the " bill for
the relief of Amos Kendall;" which was read
twice, considered as in committee of the whole,
reported back without amendment, ordered to be
«jn^iussed for a third leading, and, by unanimous
consent, read a third time and passed.
On motion of Mr. DIX, the Senate considered
the bill for the relief of John Keith, ofNowYoik;
which was read twice, consideied as in committee
of the whole, reported back without amendment,
ordered to a third reading, and, by unanimous con-
sent, read a third time and passed.
On motion of Mr. FAIRFIELD, the Senate then
went into Executive session, and after sometime
spent therein, the doois were opened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, May 18, 1846.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
Mr. ST. JOHN (leave having been denied)
moved that the rules of the House be suspended, to
enable him to uffei the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to communicate to this House, at the earliest prac-
ticable period, the result of such examinations as
have been made by the officers of the Topographi-
cal Bureau of the harbor of Sandusky Bay, on
Lake Erie; and also, that he likewise report the
further statement of the chief of that bureau* con-
taining a plan and estimate founded on that exami-
nation, for the improvement of that harbor, to-
gether with such other facts touching i(a position
and importance in a commercial and military point
of view as may be in his possession.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Virginia, moved to amend
the resolution by providing that one hour should
be set apart for the reception of resolutions.
The amendment was not jn order.
The question was taken, and the resolution was
adopted. x
T1IE DEBATE ON THE ARMY BILL.
Mr. McKAY offered a resolution, in the usual
form, providing that all debute in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on the bill making
appropriations for the support of the army, for the
year ending on the 30th of'June, 1847, bhould ter-
minate to morrow at two o\lock.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved to amend the reso-
lution by substituting " to-day.''
Mr. LUMPKIN moved that the resolution be
laid on the table.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered,
and, being taken, resulted as follows:
YEAB—Me->r^. Abbott, J. Q. Adam*;, A-kmnn, Biker,
Barmifrer, B«:U, CLi'ichard, Milton ISiown, Buauipton, Wil-
liam W. Campbell, John G. Cliapiii.ni, Cocko, Cio/J^r, Cul-
ver, Garrett .Davis, Dixon, Dookerv, John II. Ewmsr, Foot,
Garvin, Gentry, Giddimis, Graham, Hampton, Harpoi, Elias
B. Holmes, John W. Houston, Samuel D. Hubbaxi, Ibnl-
pon, Washington Hunt, Joseph R. Ingt'isoH, Pic-Jon King,
Lewis, Lumpkin, McGaughcy, McFJeniy,Mcnvaine, Marsh,
Morns, Mo&eley, R'tmsev, Rathbun, Julm.s Rockwell. J. A.
Rockwell, Root, Runk, Sawyer, Seiionek, Severance, Tru-
man Smith, Albeit Smith, Stephens ►Sfewait, Strobm.
Thibodeaux, Thoma^on, Benjamin Thompson, Tiblnlh?,
TmmbOj Vance, White, Wintbrop, and Young—thi.
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Anderson, Atkinson,
Bedmger, Benton, Bi£25, Jame= A. Blaek, Boyd, Brodhead,
William G. Brown, Burt, John H. Campbf-11, Catheart, Ecu-
ben Chapman, Chase, Clarke, Cobb, Collin. Cullom. Cum-
mins, Cunningham, Daniel, Parcan, Darragh,I).±MottJ)ob-
bin, Diomgoolc, Dunlap, Edsall, Eil=woith, Eidman, Faian,
Ficklin, Giles, Grover, Hamlin, Haralson, Il'mlej,
Hopkins, G S. Houston, Hungerfoid,J B Hunt, IJuuter,
Charles J. Ingersoll, Jenkins, James H. Johnson, Joseph
Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Kennedy,
Lawrence, Leake, Maelay, McClean, McClelland, McCJer-
nand, Joseph J. McDowell, McKay, John P. Martin, Barkley
Martin, Morse, Mouiton, Noiris, Owen, Parrish, Payne, Per-
till, Perry, Reid, Relfe, Rhett, Ritter, Sawtelie, Scammon,
Seaman, Alexander D. Suns, Simpson, Thomas Smith,
Stanton, Starkweather, St John, Strong, Jacob Thompson,
Thurman, Toombs, Towns, Tredway, Wentworth, Whea-
ton, Wick, Williams, Wood, Woodruff, Woodwara, Wood-
worth, and Yell—97.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
Mr. McCLERNAND then withdrew his amend-
ment.
Mr. TIBBATTS moved an amendment, substi-
tuting " Thursday" for to-morrow; which amend-
ment was rejected.
And then the resolution was adopted.
THE HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. REID moved a suspension of the rules to
enable him to submit a motion providing that here-
after the daily hour of meeting should be ten
o'clock.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and, being
taken, were—yeas 93, nays 82.
So two-thirds not voting- in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended.
INDIAN TRIBES IN OREGON.
Mr. McKAY moved that the House resolve it-
self into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, but withdrew the motion at the request
of—
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON, who said, it would
be recollected thai the consideration of the bill to
regulate the trade and intercourse with the Indian
tribes in the Territory of Oregon, and to preserve
peace and cultivate friendship with and among the
said Indians, had been postponed until to-day. He
would move that its further consideration be post-
poned until the first Monday in June. Ho thought
it desirable that we should wait and see what the
action of the Senate would be on the Oregon juris-
diction bill, so that it might be ascertained what
would be the proper form in which to pass the bill
referred to, and m what manner the amendments
necessary to meet the ends and views of the com-
mittee should be mp.de.
The question having been taken, anddecided in
the affirmative, the further consideration of the bill
was postponed until the iirst Monday in June.
THE ARMY APPROPRIATION UXLL.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON having, in pursu-
ance of a pledge given, renewed the motion of Mr.
McKay, and the question thereon having been ta-
ken and decided m the nffiimative, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, Mr. Coun, of Georgia, in the
chair, and resumed the consideration of the bill
making appropriations for the support of the army
for the year ending on the .10th June, 1847, and of
the amendments thereto pending.
Mr. A. D. SIMS was entitled to the floor; but
yielded for a moment at the request of—
Mr. McKAY, who (imperfectly heard) was un-
derstood to say that he desired to give notice that
he should, when in order, under instructions from
the Committee of Ways and Means, move certain
amendments appropriating a large sum of money
become requisite by the recent legislation of Con-
gress. It would be recollected that a bill had been
passed authorizing an increase in the rank and file
of the army to the extent of seven thousand nine
hundred and sixty men; and that, on Saturday last,
another hill had passed authorizing the raising of
a. regiment of mounted riflemen. By reason ofthe
passage of these two acts, an additional appropria-
tion ofsomethinglike two millions of dollars would
be necessary. The items of that appropriation
were as follows:
Pay, &c      £827,987
Subsistence.  428,473
For rccruiting  79,600
Medical, &c  20,000
Quartermaster's department, inclu-
ding transportation, clothing,&c.,
&c  812,175
Mr. McK. said he felt it due to the committee
to give this information.
Mr. SIMS, of South Carolinn, then resumed
the floor, and addressed the committee duiing the
hour (in remarks of which a full report is in course
of preparation, and will be given hereafter.) After
speaking of the duty which every good man owed
to his country in the hour of its emergency and
peril, and conceding at the same time the right (not
less than the duty) to canvass with candor and free-
dom the causes which had led to that state ofthings,
Mr. S. expressed briefly his concurrence in the
amendment introduced by his colleague, [Mr.
Black,] proposing to equalize the pay of all pri-
vates in the various branches of the army,-and
giving to all alike $8 per month. To the amend-
ment of Mr. Tibbatts, proposing -to increase the
pay to $10, he was opposed, on considerations of
public policy and economy, to which he adverted.
Mr. S. then proceeded to reply tq some of the
arguments of Mr. G. Davis; and bejng thus led
into the question of title to the territory lying be-
tween the Nueces and the Rio Grande, contended
that that title, derived through Texas,- was now in
the United States, distinctly vested there by the
treaty concluded between the Texans and Santav
Anna, after tke battle of San. Jacinto. He argued
the validity of that treaty on well-settled principles
of international law, meeting the objections urged
against it on the plea of the duress under winch
Santa Anna was alleged to be acting, showing that
plea could neither be sustained, nor made available
in annulling or weakening the force of that solemn
act.
Mr. S. had not concluded this portion of his ar-
gument when the hour expired.
Mr. LUMPKIN then addressed the committee
a§ follows.
Mr. Chairman: X feel confident that I will be
pardoned by this committee for occupying their
attention at this time, in giving expression to the
vieys I entertain upon the general topics intro-
duced into this discussion. It is well known to
this body that'I have heretofore contented piyself
with giving a silent vote upon such measures as
were introduced and pending for our consideration
and action. I have been influenced to pursue thjs
course from a natural and unfeigned repugnance,
that I have at all times felt, to engage in discus-
sions here, which too often, perhaps, fail to receive
attention from any considerable number of its
members, and which are frequently made rather
for.home consumption than to influence the action
of gentlemen upon this floor. But, sir, the im-
portant position of the country, and her relations
with Mexico' and the balance of the civilized
world; tfye measures we have lately adopted to
meet the existing state of things, and the measures
of a Jdndred character that we now propose to-
adopt, involving/as they all do, the honor and the
political welfare and happiness of twenty millions
of freemen, has overcome this repugnance, and I
now claim it as my right and privilege to be heard
on the questions raised in this debate having refer-
ence to the admission of Texas as a new, inde-
pendent sovereignty into our Union. I shall not
enter at length into the history of the wrongs suf-
fered by Texas as a province of Mexico, nor will
it be necessary for me to narrate in detail the events
of that contest which took place between that
province, or department of the Mexican Republic,
and the ruthless usurpers who controlled the des-
tinies of that ill-fated country. It will be suffi-
cient for the purposes of my argument to assert
the fact, whicn all the world admits, and which
many of the nations have formally acknowledged
by solemn and sovereign act, that Texas, without
the assistance or the encouragement of any other
Power, unaided and alone, by her own unsurpass-
ed gallantry and the might of her arm, when all
remonstrance had become unavailing, threw off the
iron yoke of her oppressors, and achieved and
maintained her independence upon many a battle-
field on her own favored soil. " Independence, and
liberty, and redemption from political thraldom,
were the watchwords that animated her people in
all their sufferings, and the war-cry that gave them
victory, complete and glorious, over their oppres-
sors. Do you not remember, Mr. Chairman, the
achievement of that gallant and intrepid band of
Texans, who, on the memorable 21st of April, 1836,
on the plains of San Jacinto, met and opposed the
Mexican forces under the command of the Presi-
dent of that republic? Can you, sir, forget that
these brave Texans, numbering in &11 but seven
hundred and eighty-three men, led on by an able
and experienced General, now a distinguished
member of the other branch of the National Le-
gislature, encountered in deadly conflict fifteen
hundred Mexican soldiers, under the lead of their
favorite commander, General Santa Anna? Sir,
you cannot forget it, nor can the world foil to re-
member, that on that eventful day six'hundred
and thirty of the Mexican troops "Werelolled, two-
hundred and eight 'were wounded in th^: eon-
