886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
exists between the Government of the- United
States and Mexico; and the other admit that either
formal or informal war may exist, but deny that it
has been commenced by Mexico, and attribute it to
the unconstitutional and aggressive action of the
President in ordering our army to the Rio Grande.
T shall notice each position briefly, in the few ic-
maining remarks that I propose to offer for the
consideration of the committee. That any official
information has been icceived that Mexico has
formally made a declaration of war against the
United Suites, has not been asserted by the Presi-
dent m his late communication, nor have any of
Ins friends on this floor contended that such was
the fact. But the existence of the war is asserted.
They contend that it does exist, whether any dec-
laration has been made or not; and this is shown
most conclusively from the despatches accompany
111o- Jus message. In the early periods of the
world, it was customary to proclaim a state of war
byheiulils; and war was always preceded by an
open, formal, and official declaration. But such
has not been the custom in modern times; and
even as far back as 1778, the withdrawal of a Brit-
ish Minister from Paris was considered and acted
on as a declaration of war by France. And in
1812, although we, by a solemn act of Congress,
declared war to exist between the United States
and Great Britain, yet we did not wait to commu-
nicate that fact to the British Government, but
commenced hostilities at once, and wilhont a sin-
gle day's delay. The ablest and most approved
modern authors on international law all agree in
the same thing, that war may exist without any
previous formal declaration,and the facts connected
with the present difficulties with Mexico only con-
firm and establish the great fundamental truths
that they have asserted and maintained. What is
war? It is the cxercise of violence on the part of
the supreme executive of one nation on the soil,
the citizens, or the property of another nation; and
this is manifested, not by the declaration of the
sovereign power formally made, according to the
forms of the Constitution, and officially commu-
nicated to those against whom the war has been
made, but by any direct and positive testimony
that will satisfactorily prove that hostilities have
been commenced with the consent or approbation
of the sovereign authority of a State. And what
is the evidence afforded to us that a -state- of war ex-
ited anterior to the passage of the act of Congress
to which lefercncc has been made? In 1844, while
Congress was in session, And considering the pro-
priety of giving their consent to the admission of
Texas into the Union, General Almonte, then the
Minister of Mexico at the city of Washington,
in advance of our action, protested, in the name of
his Government, against the adoption, by this
Government, of any sueii measure, and solemnly
declared, that if it should be consummated, it would
be considered by Mexico as a declaration of war by
the United States. And Congress, not regarding this
protest, and having given its sanction to the act of
annexation, the Minister demanded his passports
and immediately returned to his own country; and
from that day to this Mexico has been without
any diploma l ie agent or minister resident in this
city. But all this, with certain opponents of the
Administration, amounts to nothing. Again, they
have, under authority of the Government, issued
proclamation after proclamation, denouncing the
Government and people of the United States as
robbers and plunderers of their territory, and have,
by all means in their power, attempted to heap
reproach and infamy on our character as a nation.
They have long been indebted to our people sev-
eral millions of dollars; and although they gave to
our Government a reluctant admission of the fact,
and entered into a solemn treaty stipulating and
promising to make payment honestly and in good
faith; in violation of their faith, honor, and repu-
tation, tlicy have refused to pay their just obliga-
tions, and repudiated the stipulations of a solemn
treaty. And still, sir, all is peace. With assu-
rances from the ruling authority, for the time
being, of that unhappy country, which had just
been invested with the administration of its affairs,
of a sincere disposition oil their part amicably and
by negotiation to settle all the questions of differ-
ence and dispute between us, a plenipotentiary
wa§ sent to the city of Mexico. Him they with
treachery and perfidy refused to accredit or re-
ceive, and sent him from the country with indig-
nity and insult. Add to this the fact, now well
known to the whole country, that Mexico, under
the lead of her ablest generals, commenced the
concentration of a large force at Matamoras, on
the Rio Grande, avowedly for the purpflse of in-
vading Texas, and making war upon the United
States, and you will have some satifactory testi-
mony in regard to the intentions of the Mexican
Government towards Texas and the other States
of this Union. But this with gentlemen is noth-
ing, and furnishes no evidence of th6 existence
of a war on the part of Mexico against the United
States. But again: the general in command of
the Mexican troops at Matamoras orders the com-
manding general of the United States army, sta-
tioned on the left bank of the Rio Grande, to remove
from his post to a point on the left of the Nueces,
in twenty-four hours, or hostilities would be com-
menced immediately after that time. Shortly
thereafter, two thousand troops, a detachment of the
Mexican force, cross the Rio Grande, invade the
territory of Texas, encounter a company of Amer-
ican troops under command of Captains Hardee and
Thornton, who are killed, wounded, and taken
prisoners, and our little army of occupation and
observation in danger of being cut off entirely from
their supplies, and with no hope of relief but in an
increase of the military force at that point; and still
statesmen, and patriots, and well-informed men,
are contending that no war exists with Mexico,
and arc even refusing to vote the supplies of means
and money'for the defence of the country, be-
cause they assert that they have no satisfactory
information of its existence. Is it necessary that
the enemies on our southwestern frontier shall
march to the very gates of the Capitol, and direct
the fire of their artillery against the walls of this
building in which wc are now deliberating, to
satisfy these gentlemen that war has commenced?
The admission of Texas into the Union, or the
passage of the resolution by Congress giving her
consent to her admission as a new State into the
Union, not only imposed an obligation upon Con-
gress to guard and protect, and defend the rights of
the people of Texas; but the Constitution imposed
the same obligation upon the President of the Uni-
ted States to defend and protect them against any
invasion-fro(n foreign enemies, as well as from do-
mestic insurrection; But the political opponents
of the President charge him with making an ag-
gressive war against the republic of Mexico, in
violation of ihc Constitution of the country. I
deny that sucli is the fact; and a few words will
enable me to satisfy the committee lliat this accusa-
tion has no foundation in truth and justice, and sa-
vors of chagrin and of the disappointment of high
political hopes and aspirations.
I*hc President of the United States commence
a war with Mexico! Where, and under what cir-
cumstances ? Was it when he signed and approved
the act of Congress of the pi csent session admitting
Texas into the Union? Was' it in approving the
act extending over Texas the laws of the United
States, and jurisdiction of the United States courts ?
Or was it when he approved that other act making-
ports of entry, and establishing collection dis-
tricts within the State of Texas, one of which
we made at Corpus Christi, within ihc limits of
the disputed territory between the Nueces and
the Rio Grande? This no one in debate has
yet pretended. Was it in sending troops to
Texas upon representations made by the Con-
gress and Convention of Texas that an invasion
from Mexico was apprehended, and in station-
ing them at Corpus Christi between the Nueces
and the Rio del Norte? Oh, no; gentlemen on
all sides admit that,, in doing these acts, he man-
ifested the character of a wise and prudent and
patriotic Chief Magistrate. The ground of objec-
tion, however, in a word, seems to be that he or-
dered the removal of the army under General Tay-
lor from Corpus Christi, on the right of the Nueces,
to the left bank of the Rio Grande, opposite to
Matamoras, and there raised field works, and
erected batteries, upon which our cannon were
planted, pointing at and commanding the town.
And this position is assumed, under the false and
groundless pretence that the territory between the
Nueces and the Rio Grande belongs to Mexico,
and has been from time immemorial under the
control of that Government. And the march of
an armed band of A merican soldiers over the terri-
tory, and the occupation of a post for military
purposes, without authority from Mexico, was ag-
gressive and hostile in its character; and the posi-
tion taken by General Taylor opposite to Mata-
moras, and the temporary fortifications erected,
could not be regarded in any other light than as an
open war made by the President without authority,
and in direct violation of the Constitution' of his
country- " Gentlemen forget that the station at-
Corpus Christi was on the right bank of the Nue-
ces, and the occupation of that post was as much,
a violation of the Constitution, admitting their
position to be correct, as the occupation of the
post opposite to Matamoras. If this is clearly and
indisputably the property ofMexico, then I agree
with them that the occupation of it wojtld bean
invasion of Mexican territory; and this-the Pres-
ident would have no right to do, unless, for the
purpose of defence, he should be compelled by
circumstances to enter the territory of the enemies
of the country. If those gentlemen who have now
attempted to reproach the President of the United
States with a violation of the Constitution by
making a war—an unholy, unrighteous, and dam-
nable war—against a friendly sister republic, are
sincere in the expression of these sentiments, how
is it that they have sat here for five months the
silent witnesses of this bold and direct violation of
the Constitution, and have made no motion to im-
peach the President, nor have even given utterance
to a hint of disapprobation of his course ? Ar-e
these the guardians upon whom the people can
rely to protect their rights, and to defend that in-
valuable Constitution ? Are these men trustworthy,
who, for five months have connived atsuch glaring
and dangerous- violation, and not uttered even a
whisper in its defence ? The people will inquire,
if such has been the case, into the conduct of these
faithless servants, will hold them to a strict ac-
countability, will know why they have thus re-
mained in their seats since from the 1st of December
last, and have made no motion calling for informa-
tion on this subject. Why have not these gentle-
men raised their voice, and called the attention of
the country to the alarming violation of the Con-
stitution by the Chief Magistrate, and to his open
invasion of Mexico—this friendly, loving sister?
The army was stationed at Corpus Christi in the
month of July or August last; they were, at all
events, there'at the commencement of the present
session of Congress, with the knowledge of the
whole country, the fact being communicated by
the President to Congress in his Annual Message;
and members of this House cannot avail them-
selves of the plea, at this time, that they had no
knowledge of the fact. The country will look
upon the charge made against the President as an
afterthought, introduced now for political and
party purposes, unworthy of the high character
which a Representative of the people- shouldmain-
tain on this floor. But, sir, it was not aggressive
to pass the Nueccs, and to station our troops on
the right banks of that river at Corpus Christi.
IIow far, then, could these troops go beyond the
Nueces, and maintain a pacific and defensive char-
acter? Can they go to the half-way line, or shall
they stop short of it > I desire to know, and the
country will inquire of you, when you return to
your homes, at what point on the hne of march
from Corpus Christi to the Rio Grande it ceased
to bo pacific and for purposes of defencc, and be-
came aggressive and hostile in its character. It
will be well for gentlemen to consider these ques-
tions, and be prepared with a satisfactory answer.
It will not do to tell them that it was aggressive,
because our army of occupation, under the direc-
tion of the President, was stationed on the banks
of the Rio Grande opposite Matamoras, and that
field works were erected and batteries raised that
enabled our army to command the Mexican town
of Matamoras, on the opposite side of the river.
1 contend that under all Administrations, from Mr.
Jefferson down to the present, our Government,
and almost every prominent man in it, have main-
tained that Texas reached the banks of the lower
Rio Grande; and that our trbops could be station-
ed, and our works of defence could be raised op-
posite to Matamoras with as much propriety and
justice as the establishment of a fortification, or
other defensive work, on our own soil opposite to
Canada. The extreme border, oh the line of the
enemy's boundary, is the place for works of. de-
fence. They are not to be placed in the heart of
our own country. They would be useless there.
To my mind there is no difference between the
line of frontier toward Mexico and that toward
Canada; and if the President had dome ie'sS tfcif'to
