840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
rations per day—which, at twenty cents each, is
S"2 80 per (lay, atld amounts to j,l,02-2_per annum.
Now, a captain going into the jwld from private
life, would i:;el hut four rations, or eighty cents per
day, which "is $730 less per annum for rations only
than Captain Orane is now by law entitled to.
This ought not to be the case, and should be cor-
reeled.
Mr. TIRBATTS sent up to the Clerk's table
the modified amendment which he proposed in lieu
ol' tiiat formerly oilcred and withdrawn last even-
ing. The amendment was read, as follows:
" That from and after the passage of this act, to
4 the end ol the present war, there shall be added
4 to the present pay of the non-commissioned offi-
« errs, musicians, and privates of the army of the
4 United States, three dollars per month; and there
* shall be, and hereby is, granted 160 acres of land
4 to every non-commissioned officer, musician, and
* private, who shall volunteer to serve the United
4 Slates, and who shall serve faithfully to the end
1 of the war. And if any such volunteer, having
'volunteered to serve to the end of the war, shall
' be killed in battle, or in the service of the United
* States, before the close of the war, then his heirs
4 shall leceive the said 1GU acres of land m the same
4 maimer as he would have recehed the same had
' lie lived and served to the end of the war."
We iind ourselves (Mr. T. proceeded to say) in a
war—whether rightfully or wion^fully, he would
consider in the course of his renuuks. I ut whether
rightfully or wrongfully, it became us to put our-
selves in a condition to prosecute that war with
\jgor and effect. We owe n not only to economy,
but to humanity, because the longer the war con-
tinues, the gieatei must be the loss of life to both
countries. To commence this war on a niggardly
policy with a \ic\v to the saving of money, is poor
economy and miserable policy. Insicad of so do-
ing—as we did m the last war—wc ought to hold out
every reasonable inducement to men to go mio that
war for the purpose of completing it as speedily as
possible. In the last war, he had understood, such
was thcptineiplc of pitiful, mggaully economy prac-
tised on, that when the enemy were invading our
fapitdl the ilints furnished our army were counted
out, for the purpose of keeping the accounts pre-
cisely correct. It was no wonder, when «uch had
been our principle of action, that our Capitol was
burnt by an invading enemy. He had no refer-
ence to Buncombe, no popular favor to court in the
views winch he expiosed, or the amendment
which he olfcied. It was uell known that he had ;
long sinec expressed a determination to retiie fn m i
public life at the expiiation of his present term of;
hervice. He had no ulterior views, thrreforn, in
ollcring this amendment, but did it nu rely as an
act of justice to our countrymen who may engage
in this*war, and with a view to economy and hu-
manity. < 1
It was argued by gentlemen on this door that we
should rely on the patriotism of our people to have
our army filled. I le granted and believed that there J
was no nunc patriotism on the face of the earth ;
than existed amuiig oui peoph , but other induce- ;
mcnts, he ur^ed, should be held out to them in ad- j
ditjon. The great body of the \ oHinteers on whom I
we vveie to rely were the yeomanry of the country. '
Wc had authorized to be withdrawn fiom the
laborers of the country fifty thousand men. Their '
places must be supplied at home; others must be ,
procured to do their work, and their wives and !
children, and aged lathers and motheis whom they ,
left behind, must be movided for. The Govern-
ment, then, independent of the consideration of.
patriotism, must pla^o it m the power of these men j
to supply their places during their absence, and to ;
make provision lor their families at home. Would j
gentlemen, then, say that seven doliais a month '
was a consideration which would cover up these j
responsibilities? Seven dollars was the pay which j
we gave in time of peace to the privates in our j
army when lounging about our garrisons and for-1
tresses, with their wives and children—if they
have any—near tlieni. It would happen that those ;
who were least able to bear losses would be first to ;
enlist themselves; and in their zeid and readiness •
to serve their country, they should not be allowed ;
to incur losses and embarrassments. We began 1
the last war with offering a bounty of only sixteen
dollars, and ended it with a bounty of one hundred
and forty-four dollars—an extravagance which was
brought upon us necessarily from the niggardly
manner in which we commenced it. Wc had rc-
, ecutly passed a law authorizing the companies in
| our army to be increased to the number of one
I hundred m each. In time of peace, before this
enlargement, when the number was forty-two in
each company, they were not filled while this low
pay of seven dollars was given. How, then, in
j time of war, could wc expect to fill them, and that,
too, to one hundred men in each company, unless
we made provision for an increase of pay?
This was with reference to the regular army,
i But this country was to depend upon volunteers
in time of war. Every inducement, therefore,
should be held out to them, and to enlist to remain
in service during the war. We had experienced
in the last war the bad effects of short enlistments,
when they were enrolled for six months, and by
the time they were fairly drilled and prepared for
efficient service, the time came for them to return
home. To obviate this difficulty, therefore, he
proposed by the amendment which he had offered,
that one hundred and sixty acres of land, addi-
tional to the increased pay of $3 per month during
the war, should be given to those who enlist and
serve during the war, and, in ease they die, to
their hens.
Mr. T. would now proceed to notice the argu-
ments advanced, and the positions taken, by his
colleagues, [Mr. G. Davis and Mr. Griukr.] The
I news received last evening from the seat of war
^ was cheering news to every American bosom. "It
i was no more, however, than he had expected from
j the able General who commands the American
> army, and the gallant oilicers and soldiers under
! his command. He took the occasion to congrafu-
i late this liousc and the country on the glorious
; result of the engagement, of wnich we received
1 intelligence by the last mail. There was nothing
that could serve to dampen the feelings of any
| American breast upon this subject, excopt it were
; the course this debate had taken, and the argu-
i ments and positions which some gentlemen had
I assumed here. lie would not impugn the patriot-
! i«m of his colleagues, both on their own account,
! and on account of the constituency they represent,
i They came from a State which never had produced
a tiaitor to his country, and which he trusted in
God never will. But he was surprised at the
course his colleagues had taken in debate, and he
could ascribe it to nothing else than that they have
for the moment allowed the feelings and excite-
ments of partisanship to blind their usually clear
views, i lis colleague who Jirst addressed the com-
mittee, | Mr. G. Davis,} charged that war was
caused, not by the Mexican Government, but by
the President of the United States; by a usurpa-
tion of power not delegated to him. This was
strange language for a gentleman who, he knew,
had as warm feelings as any one towards his coun-
try. Was it the time for such a declaration? The
country wasin a state of war; should we dampen
the ardor of our volunteers?—or should we not
rather encourage tiiem to buckle on their armor
and march for the defence of the country? The
gentleman tells his constituents to volunteer, but
at the samu time he declares that this is an unjust
and unconstitutional war; that the President, who,
he says, has made it, is a usurper—that he has
trampled upon the Const:tution of his country.
Ale these the means for aiding the Government to
enter and prosecute this war with reasonable hopes
of success? His other colleague [Mr. Grider]
said to his constituents, Go, defend your country;
but the war is unnecessarily, unwisely brought on
by the President; the Mexican Government was
willing to reccivc a special commissioner to settle
this difficulty, but the President would not send
one. Mr. '1\ also alluded to the declaration of
the gentlemen from Ohio, [Mr Root and Mr.
Delano,] the foimcr of whom had said that our
country was most notoriously in the wrong, that
this was an unnecessary and damnable war, that
the preamble of the bill declaicd a he, and that
the war was brought on, not by Mexico, but by
the President of the United States; and the latter
of whom had dmwn so vivid a picturc ofjour army
being cut down by fcveis, malarias, &c., that they
would bo slain by the hand of God, and that the
brave Mexicans, looking down from their fast-
nesses upon (hem, would see them sacrificed by
the influences of an unfavorable climate, &c. This
might be patriotism, but the people would hardly
think so.
But Mr. T. proceeded to inquire as to the cor-
rectness of the positions of his colleagues; and first,
May 10,
of Mr. Davis, who declared that tlijs war was
brought on, not by the Mexican Government/but-
htr trip *i._ t . - • .1 -  •
had referred to ancient atla'eseg'and records to
show that the territory between the Nueces and
the Rio Grarjde wasr Mexican territory, Mr. T.
briefly examined his arguments—the whole pur-
port and effect of which (he said) was to show
what Spain claimed. But he now came to the
boundary of Texas, as established byfactaof mod-
ern times. On a former occasion,he had referred
to many distinguished statesmen, to-sh'ow jiatthe
lower. Rio Grande was the boundary of Texas.
He had also referred to the treaty between Sania
Anna and the authorities of Texas in 1836, by
which he agreed to abandon all the country east
of (he Rio Grande. The Texans were contending
for the ancient boundary of Louisiana—the Rio
Grande. Though we parted with them unconsti-
tutionally—though we could set up no claim to the
inhabitants of the territory we ceded to Spain—
ihey were not more bound to abide by it than-- the
inhabitants of Kentucky would be by a treaty
which should cede them to'Spain. The inhabi-
tants of that territory protested against it, and never
submitted to the jurisdiction of Spain.
But gentlemen contended that there was no legal
force to the treaty entered into by Santa Anna, oy
which he acknowledged the Rio Grande to be the
boundary between Mexico and Texas: but that
Mexico wns morally bound to it, there could be
no doubt. She hud received nil the advantages
of it. Tlio Texans had Santa Anna and his anny
in their possession; they had the right* to put
them to cioath as they lntd the Texans whom they
had murdered like sheep at tho shambles. A large
and honorable party in Texas insisted that they
should bc_ tried by the laws as murderers; but in
consideration of their agreement to withdraw be-
yond the western boundary of Texas—the Rio
Grande—they were released. By accepting of the
benefits accruing from it, therefore, Mexico, in
effect, ratified this treaty.
in order to show that Mexico consitjered the
Rio Grande tho boundary, he road,from the proc-
lamation of General Cos in 1844, after the expira-
tion of the armistice, that every individual found
within the territory one league from the left bank
of the Rio Grunde would be considered as a trai-
tor. AH the Texans, from the Rio Grande to the
boundniy of tho United States, were devoted from
that day to fire and sword; and the very town of
Laredo, to which his colleague had referred, was
included in this order.
The Texan Congress, by act of December, 183b,
(from which he read,) declared their western
boundary to be the llio del Norle. His colleague
said that no mere act of the Texan Congress could
give Texas that country. He admitted this; but
this showed the boundary to which the Republic,
of Texas claimed; this boundary was established
by tho organic law of Texas, as admitted into the
Union. This district between the Rio Grande and
the Nueces, as was seen from Texan geogra-
phies, which were more to the point than Spanish
ones, composed a part of the county of San Pa-
tricio, which was represented in the convention
which, since the passage of the first resolution
for annexation, adopted the constitution of Texas;
it also composed a part of a senatorial district of
Texas, and part of a congressional district, to
represent which on this floor a member was now
elected.
Mr. G-. DAYIS made some remark to Mr. T.,
which was not heard.
Mr. TIBBATTS. Certainly; he was about to
refer to the same thing. By the 3d section, 13th
article, of the constitution of Texas, (he proceeded
to say,) it was declared that all the laws then in
force in the Republic of Texas, not repugnant to
the Constitution of the United States, to the reso-
lutions of annexation, and the constitution of
Texas, shall remain in full force. This act, then,
of the Texan Congress, declaring the Rio Grande
to be the boundary by this 3d section, became a
part of the organic law of Texas; and with a
knowledge that Texas thus claimed to the Rio
Grande, and that it was thus represented in con-
vention, and in both Houses of her Legislature,
we adopted Texas as a State, and with her all her
rights and responsibilities to foreign Governments.
We reserved, it was true, as his colleague claimed, -
the right to settle the boundary; but the question
