&
T846:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
841
was not as to the clear right of boundary, but as
to the action of the Executive in this matter. His
colleague admitted, as he had demonstrated on a
previous, day, that a defensive war may be made
by the President,' or by a State, when necessary to
repel actual invasion.. Now, suppose that, instead
of the President of theTJnited States, the Governor
,.of Texas had called on the .troops ta repel the
". .^"threatened invasion on this territory, he presumed
%-no gentleman would doubt but the Governor might
J?i.; send fas forces into the territory between the Rio
Grande and the Nueces; and not only this, but it
would.have been his duty so to have done, be-
cause the constitution and law under which he
was acting, and which he was bound to support,
made it liis duty to protect the territory of the
State. And, so far as related to a defensive war,
the President had the same rights, and the same
duties and obligations, to repel actual or threatened
invasion, as the Governor of the State would have
had. He asked hia. other colleague, [Mr. Gri-
der,] to allow him to put him a question; he de-
clined. He (Mr. T. ) now put the same question
to his colleague and to the committee, viz: Is the
President of the United States the Government of
the United States ?
Mr. DAVIS, (in liis seat.) No.
Mr. TIBBATTS, (resuming.) AVhat right,
then, has the President of the United States to de-
cide where the boundary is?—to go to the Nueces
and no farther, when the constitution and the
law of Texas say that the boundary is at the Rio
Grande ? Whenever this Government say that the
boundary, is not at the Rio Grande, he may not go
there; until then, he lias no judgment, no right in
the matter. His colleague, 111 arguing .that the
President should assume the Nueces to be our
boundary; argued that the President should usurp
a dangerous power, and presume to define the
boundary of a State.
Mr. DAVIS interposed with another remark,
which was lost at the left of the Chair.
Mr. TIBBATTS, (resuming,)further contended
that the President had no control over the matter;
that the government of the State alone was en-
titled, as a general principle, to settle the question
of boundary; but in this case the power was ex-
pressly given to the United States; and it was the
duty of the President to defend the territory as
claimed by the States and Territories.
But his other colleague, [Mr. Giuder,] seeing the
weakness of his colleague's [Mr. Davis's] argu-
ment, took another ground, and said the war was
brought on because, the President did not send a
special commissioner to Mexico. Now, Mexico
agreed to receive a Minister Plenipotentiary, (Mr.
T. read from the correspondence to show this fact;)
but when the Envoy got there, Mexico would treat
on nothing but the matter of Texas.- Her refusal
to receive Mr. Slidell was a mere subterfuge; cer-
tainly, a Minister Plenipotentiary hud as full pow-
ers on the subject of Texas as a special commis-
sioner would have; but they did-nofwish to treat
about the debts due frpm that Government to us.
All he was surprised at was, that the President of
the United States did not send in a war message
before they had gone to murdering our citizens.
They had confiscated our property to the amount
of millions; they had acknowledged the debt, arid
still refused' to pay. Mr. T. cited an instance
which had occurred during the present session, of
a ship of a citizen of the United States, (whose
name was not heard.) which was driven into M.it-
amorasand confiscated, and the owner thrown into
prison. An " unjust" war! Gentlemen could not
convince the people so. The President of the
United States, instead of usurping power, had only
performed a duty. Instead'of urging on a war, he
had done everything he could to avoid it—a great
deal more than he would have been justified in
doing to any other nation. Our course towards
Mexico had been marked by continued and long
forbearance. As long back as 1820, General Jaek-
son recommended a declaration of war against
Mexico for her repeated aggressions on the prop-
erty of our citizens; and no doubt it would then
have been complied with had it not been for a
clause in our treaty with her, that when either
Government' felt itself aggrieved, it should apply
to the other for redress instead of going to war.
This Government did apply; a very large amount
of debt was ascertained and acknowledged to be
due from Mexico; but it was not yet paid. These
injuries wore not atoned for; and it was because of
the weakness of that Government and because she
happened to be called a " republic."
Mr. T. was proceeding to say, that, by sending
a special minister to negotiate about Texas alone,
we should clearly admit that we had no right to
annex Texas without the consent of Mexico,
when his hour expired.
Mr. DROMGOOLE obtained the floor. They
had under discussion (he remarked) an ordinary
appropriation bill for the support of the army; but,
in consequence of the existing state of things, and
of the increase of that army which had been pro-
vided for during the present session, it had become
necessary to make this appropriation larger than
usual; and hence gentlemen had, appropriately
perhaps, taken this opportunity of discussing our
relations with Mexico, and of commenting with
severity on the conduct of the President. How-
ever the motives and objects of gentlemen might
he unjustifiable in this attack, yet he and his
friends would have no cause ultimately to regret
it. Their fierce denunciations would but the more
strongly draw public attention to his conduct, and
the result of the examination must'bean approval
of his conduct, and a condemnation of his assail-
-ants.
The President was fiercely and gravely charged
with having unconstitutionally, and on his own
responsibility, involved this country ill war. It
was a grave charge, and it ought not to be made
without some show at least of evidence to sus-
tain it.
But before going into an examination of the ques-
tion, whether or not war was made by us upon
Mexico, he begged leave to say a word of the
complaints uttered upon the passage of the bill
which might be called the war bill—that gentlemen
were not permitted an opportunity to discuss it.
It was a grievous cause of complaint to gentlemen
that, while our auny was suffering, while they
were cutoff in dctachmcnta, and were in peril, they
could not be allowed to postpone and delay action
by d isi'ussion. Did gentlemen desire to deliberate
for a moment whether they would furnish supplies
to the army of the country which was placed in
perilous circumstances? lie was a halting and
hesitating patriot who desires to pursue such a
policy. But it had been represented that there was
110 precedent for so hasty action. Mr. D. desired
to point to one as far back as December, 1807,
which occurred in the Senate of the United States
on the passage of the embargo act. Mr. Jefferson
sent a message to Congress recommending the
passage of an embargo act on the 18th of Decem-
ber, 1807-; and a bill to that effect passed the Sen-
ate of the United States the same day. There
was riow'on this floor a venerable gentleman |Mr.
Adams] who was at that time a member of the
Senate, and, to his honor, he in every instance
voted against postponement. Various efforts were
made, and among them a proposition from Mr.
Crawford, of your State, (Georgia—addressing the
Chairman,) to postpone for one day, was voted
down. It met with a little more delay in the
House of Representatives; but in four days after
its first recommendation it was enrolled and be-
came a law. Now, if this haste was necessary in
an embargo, how much more important was it to
hasten our legislation when our army was cut to
picccs and in peril.
Now as to the chargc that the war has been
made by the Executive upon Mexico. If the
peaceful march of our army to the Rio Grande,
with positive orders to commit no act of hostility—
not to fire a gun unless in self-defence—to respect
religion and property, and everything else (which
orders were complied with)—if this were war, the
annals of warfare, from the creation of the world,
furnished no parallel to such a "war." There
was no act of war in simply marching our army
there.
But ho maintained, further, if the tciritory had
been acknowledged Mexican territory, the "peace-
ful march of an army there, although it might
have, been illegal and unconstitutional, was not in
itself an act of war. Mr. D. read an extract from
Vattel directly in support of this position. If it
had been Mexican territory, (he said,) with the
army in strict discipline—with the assurance given
to the inhabitants that no harm would be done, the
Mexican army would have no right to attack them;
but such attack would be a violation of the la w of
nations, and General Taylor, without orders from
the Government, wouldhavehad the right to " chas-
tise" him. But he would be willing to admit, if
gentlemen could establish that it was clearly, pos-
itively Mexican territory, then the President, while
he did not make war,, had been guilty of an illegal
and unconstitutional act.
He premised that there were certain politicians
who seem disposed, whenever a territory is in
dispute, to give it up. When we had a dispute
about the northeastern boundary, they would not
fight for it, but gave it up. There were politicians
now who wanted to give up the whole of Oregon
that is in dispute; and who wanted the President
to assume the responsiblity of giving away Texas.
Such politicians had but one step more to take to
cap the. climax, and that was, to give up the whole
count?'!/ rather than have any dispute about it!
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. G. Davis]
undertook to define the boundaries of Texas, by
referring to Humboldt and other former writers.
Texas claimed by a successful revolution, and no
writer before that revolution could define the rights
resulting from it. The right resulting from a suc-
cessful revolution gave them whatever boundary
they might establish and could maintain. The in-
quiry then was, what did they establish, and can
they maintain it?
The gentleman from Kentucky undertook, in
reference to an arrangement made by Santa Anna,
to interpret its terms as not acknowledging that
Texas, in viitue of the revolution, extended to the
Rio Grande. It seemed a very forced and inde-
fensible construction of it. The arrangement was,
that Santa Anna and his army, together with those
who were not prisoners, should retire out of the
Texan territory beyond the Rio del Norte. The
gentleman said that ceded nothing. Texas did not
ask them to cede anything; she claimed that, in
virtue of the revolution, her boundary was extend-
ed to the Rio Grande; but the retiring out of the
territory of Texas," beyond the Rio Grmute" fixed
the fact, that to get out of Texas it was lieeessaiy
to go beyond the Rio Grande.
Mr. TIBBATTS made a remark, which was
lost to the reporter.
Mr. DROMGOOLE (continuing) said, the very
fact of this arrangement being enteied into by
Texas proved that Canales would not attempt to
coine into this side of the Rio Grande without the
consent of Texas, and the very fact of the assent
of Texas proved that it was her territory.
_ The gentleman from Kentucky drew the distinc-
tion between this arrangement on the part of Santa
Anna, and a treaty. Now, was it not always an
arrangement, when a man was in a situation which
precludes him from the full power of treaty ?
When he occupies a subordinate situation, it was
never called a treaty, but always an " arrange-
ment." The only question was, was there a moral
obligation upon Mexico to carry it into effect?
Mr. D. referred to Vattel, and said this was one of
the cases in which he said a moral obligation was
created. Mexico had derived the benefit from it;
her President was rescued by it, who had forfeited
his life; and if he had been hanged, and evciy
soldier under him, the act would have been justi-
fied by all Christendom. Mexico, it was true, had
repudiated and refused to sanction it. But if she
did not choose to ratify it, she was morally bound
to render satisfaction in some way or other for the
benefit she received. If she has not formally rati-
fied this treaty, she has substantially done so by
her acquiescence in it. Though she sets up a
vague claim to the country between the Rio Grande
and the Nueces, and to all Texas, yet what effort
had she made to reclaim it? Her acquiescence in
it, after the lapse of so many years, was a substan-
tial ratification of that treaty.
Mr. D. replied to some other objections. The
fact which had been urged as a proof that Texas
had never extended her boundary to the Rio Grande
—that she had never chosen to make war upon
certain peaceful Spanish towns this side of the
Rio Grande—he conceived did not at all invalidate
her title. In the same manner, after the close of
the war with Great Britain, certain towns had been
left for the time in the possession of certain peace-
ful British subjects; but that was never held to in-
validate our title.
It was not_ till some few months after this ar-
rangement with Santa Anna that Texas declared
her boundaries. She had acted on them since- she
had embraced them in the operation of her laws
and her jurisdiction; and they had participated in
the election of members of her convention and her
