842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May
Legislature. There was no other boundary than
the Rio Grande until Mexico should agree by
peaceful negotiation to settle some other boundaiy,
and that treaty shall be approved by the benate.
To contend for anv other boundary, would be to
confer on the President—as the gentleman from
Kentucky this morning lnid aigued the mon-
strous power of settling boundaries. The Presi-
dent, then, would have been derelict to his duty if
he had not maintained the country thus claimed
and acted on by Texas, until the proper authori-
ties in this Government should alter it.
l!ut it was said that the President ought to have
given Congress information that he had marched
the army into the disputed territory. He had given
this information. Mr. D. read fiom his message ;|
at the commencement of the session the extract rel- ij
alive to the sending our army into the territory be- ij
tweeti the Nueces and the Rio Grande. IC he had |j
gone into that country, or ordered our army to go ji
there, it did not change the point what paitieular !
part he chose to occupy. Where, when tins inrs- •!
sage was received and since that time, hail been the i,
patriotic vigilance of these gentlemen? No mur-V
mur against this movement of the. 1'iesident hud ;!
been heard. !
'• Oh ! hut we commit ted an act of war by point- 1
mg out guns into Matumoras!" Mr. O. denied j
tins; he denied that it was analogous to the case to j
which it had been likened, viz: that of a poison !•
pointing a pistol at one's breast. The Mexirans
had threatened us; we prepared ourselves, and told j
them if they attacked us, we should defend our- !
selves; and not a gun had beenfired until the Mex-
ican army crossed the Rio Grande and attacked ours.
The fact of the American army being prepared, did
not constitute an assault, but only a preparation
against an assault.
"Thus he thought it had been shown, that up to
the time \\ hen our army was attacked by the Mex-
ican forces, there was no act of war. That there
was no act of war, even admitting that tile territory
belonged to Mexico, and if the territory is in dis-
pute, it is clear, under the laws of nations, that we
may have gone into it without committing tiny of-
fence. There was no war, then, until the Mexicans
themselves commenced if, and the preamble of the
bill, of which so much complaint had been made,
was right thciefore; it stated the fact, whatever gen-
tlemen may say to the contrary.
llcie he'wished to lie permitted to remark upon
the conduct of gentlemen who had complained so
loudly of this bill. Some of them voti d lor it under
juoksl. That protest was a mere verbal one; then-
vote would live longafiei their protest had been for-
gotten. He. envied not that man the position which
he occupied who votes for a bill, and immediately
says it contains an infamous lie—who voles for a
bill, and pt-ultUs again-L It is own .vet It was a new
occuirenee in pailimnentary hisUity. } le had heard
of inmoritiis protesting against the nets of majori-
ties, but never before, of gentlemen protesting against
their own act--.
The war thus exist* d, and it should he pros-
ecuted rigorously. It was true wc hail teeeived
cheering intelligence l.ist evening; he would not
[,!op, however, lu n |oii e at it, or to make any con-
ic tine as to the iisult of any battle that ni.'iy have
I,ecu subsequently fought. Now, having been
drawn into this war by the act of Mexico, we had
a right to allude to the reasons that might induce
us to prosecute it. We. have a right now to em-
brace m the account all those complaints wo have
 "amst Mexico, and wbu h would have justified us
in mini; to war with her—her violation of her tica-
ty,Dher=refusul to comply with its stipulations, and
to pay the amount awarded to individual claimants
under that truaty—her insulting refusal to receive
our minister, after having expressly agreed to re-
ceive our plenipotentiary—her refusal to settle the
disputed boundary line, &c. Under the law of na- ^
tions, a boundary being disputed, and the other,
nation refusing to settle it, we have a right to com- ,
pel her to it. See Vattel, page 259.
But another cause which ought to be considered
and would support us not only in seeking redress j
for grievances, but perhaps for proceedings some-
what in a spirit of revenge, was the infamous ptoc-
lamation of General Ampudia.
[Mr. D. here caused to be read the proclamation
of General Ampudia, inviting to the standard of
Mexico the English, Irish, Germans, &c., &c.]
Mr. ASHMUM". "Was that communicated to
Congress by the President ?
Mr. DROMGOOLE. Not that X know of.
Mr. D. proceeded to read upon this poipt from
Vattel, showing, that under the law of nations, the
withdrawing aliens, called piagm, or man-stealing,
worked a forfeiture of life, &c. He said when Am-
pudia was caught, the only thing to be done was to
institute an inquiry whether he was the author of
that proclamation; if so, his life was forfeited under
the law of nations, and lie hoped the penalty would
be visited upon him.
He would not recount other causes of grievance
against Mexico. He laid down that she had com-
menced the war, and provoked it; and now, as she
had commenced it, we might prosecute it to the
final settlement of all accounts. All professed wil-
lingness to vote supplies. How should the war he
prosecuted ? With all the military forcc, with all
the wealth, and all the moral influence of our citi-
zens. This was the duty of all. 'Hut had not
some, while they professed a willingness to vote
supplies of men and money, by their course with-
held that which also the. country has the right to
demand—that moral force, that moral power, that
would impress the conviction that the nation is
united in heart and sentiment, and would prevent
the impression that supplies are coldly, reluctantly,
voted—-while the. Executive, who is to huve com-
mand of the army, is denounced, and the war is
denounced, as unholy and unjust? Yes; not only
was the war denounced by those who were voting
supplies, (thereby taking away more than one-half
the meiit of their action,) but erroneous descrip-
tions of the climate were made. It was stated that
the climate would be more horrible than even the
Mexican army itself; and suo.li representations of
the malarias and diseases that would fall upon the
army were given us to deter volunteers from enter-
ing into the service.
But as wc, are in war, and it was agreed it should
be vigorously prosecuted, how long should we pros-
ecute. it, and what objects do we propose to attain ?
We ought to prosecute it until we bring it to an
honorable close, and attain the. redress of our griev-
ances. She has insultingly refused to negotiate,
and prefers to adjust the boundary by the sword.
Lot it be decided by the sword. Let us maintain
it to the Rio Grande if we are able, and never again
offer to negotiate with her. Lot us establish it in
the way she herself has selected. We ought to
prosecute it until we shall recover the money with-
held and due to the claimants of this Government
under our treaty with her. She. has avoided any
negotiation on the subject, and is no doubt now
consoling herself that she has got rid of that treaty
on the punciple that war abrogates all ticftties.
He would not stop to contend whether, in a case
like this, the vested rights of our citircns were di-
i vested by war. Trust, funds were exempt from
; confiscation by war, and he would not say whether
! these claims came under the rule of trust funds or
! not. He maintained that it was due to ourcidzons
to see that we collect this money. Let us levy an
| execution upon them. Dut it is a wanton war on
I hei part, exposing us to vast expenses, when every-
; thing might have been settled peaceably, by nego-
tiation. 'She, therefore, was bound to indemnify
us for that war. Arid that was another object in
prosecuting the war.
We ought above all to prosecute it until we vin-
dicate our honor and make ourselves respected. In
! no other way could wc secure our liberties. Let us
longer refrain to do anything under the idea of
i magnanimous forbearance, and we shall be consid-
ered a pusillanimous nation—a nation of cowards.
A nation in that situation would not long pieserve
its liberties. And what is life without liberty to
Americans, who have grown up under the shade
I of the tree of liberty? The way to preserve this
! liberty and our territory from being despoiled, is to
carry the war beyond our own boundaries, as the
I best mode of preventing the enemy from coming
| within the.ui. He would notonly expel these ma-
| rauders from this side of the Rio Grande, but he
i would pursue them into the very interior of Mexi-
i co, and he would never cease until the objects to
II which he had alluded were accomplished. Such
' would be the sentiments of the American people—
such was the action which he believed was de-
ll manded by our honor and patriotism.
!! Mr. D, apologized for the desultoriness of his
.! remarks, arid concluded by expressing the hope
ij that sufficiently large appropriations would be
j made to meet all the exigencies of the case, and to
■ I give assurance to the President and the country,
that we are not wanting in what is due to the coun-
try, to the rights of the, people, and the honor of our
revolutionary forefathers.
Mr. W  HUNT obtained the floor. Whatever
differences of opinion might exist (he -said) as to
the causes of the present state of things, be trusted
that nothing but a spirit of unanimity and devotion
to our common country would be manifested.
He declared himself briefly in favor of the amend-
ment proposing to increase the pay of the soldiers
in the ranks. -He adverted to the annexation of
Texas, and to the opposition which, at every step, '
lie had made to it until its final consummation; but
remarked that since, by the action of the Govern-
ment, the annexation had become a settled ques-
tion, and no longer open to resistance or opposition
in any form, he had acquiesced in the decision,
notwithstanding the evils which he had appre-
hended (and still continued to apprehend) might
result from it, and notwithstanding the unconsti-
tutional manner in which it had been accomplish-
ed. Texas had been admitted; and deeply as he
deplored the fact, yet in his action and his votes,
he had been governed by the same principles of
liberality, patriotism, and justice towards her that
had marked his action in relation to any other por-
tion of the country.
The principal purpose, however, for which he
had risen, was to appeal to the political majority
of this House; who, he thought, instead of hurling
their thunderbolts at the minority, and spending
their energies in bootless and ungenerous assaults
upon those who differed in opinion from them in
relation to the causes of this conflict, might And an
ample field for the exercise of their patriotism and
wisdom in maturing the measures requisite to
meet the emergencies of the country.. And he vin-
dicated and defended the minority, on the score of
patriotism and devotion to the best interests of the
country.
Mr. COCICE regretted, he said, that sufficient
time did not remain within the limit assigned to
the continuance of the debate to take a full view of
the subject. But he hoped to be able to set him-
self right before the House and the public as to
his views on this bill. The House, anu every one
who had observed his course, was aware that be
had waged war upon the internal .policy of the
Administration. He had been opposed to its po-
litical course, and he expected to continue to be
opposed to it; but he now found the country in a
war, and he. should take such a course as patriot-
ism would dictate. He considered it to be his duty
to lend his aid to the Administration for the pur-
pose of carrying out its measures on this subject.
We had been talking about the Rio Grande as the
boundary, but he conceived that wc had now no
ri^ht to look at the. boundary question. There
was no boundary there—none by the Nueces or
the Rio Grande. There was no disputed territory,
except where the enemy were found. By the aid
of American valor, he trusted that our arms would
be carried victoriously wherever there was a hos-
tile force found.
It was not for him to inquire now whether the
Rio Grande was our boundary or not. He looked
to the facts that now existed, and he^ considered
it our duty to exert every effort to bring the war
to a speedy termination. It might be that the Ex-
ecutive had exceeded his powers, and. exercised
power not delegated by the Constitution. But it
was not for us to place the country in the wrong.
It was enough for him to know that Mexico had
committed wrongs upon us that were unredressed.
He knew that there were grievances existing which
long ago were considered as cause of war. There
were- outrages, the remembrance of which still
swelled every American bosom with indignation.
The Alamo was not forgotten. The blood of the
murdered Crockett called upon the Tennesseans
for revenge.
He was unwilling to be placed in an improper
position before the country, by a supposed oppo-
sition to the war bill, even on account,of its pre-
amble. Our honor and interests were intrusted to
agallant band. He believed that all was safe. We
had a little news last night that cheered the coun-
try; and he predicted that it was a prelude to a
more glorious triumph of our arms. We were
told that the Mexican Government was feeble, and
that it was ungenerous to deal forciby with it.
But, on that account, we have forborne for a long
time from strong measures againstjher. For twenty
years we had, had pimple eauge of war with her,
