m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
843
fend we passed them over because she was weak
and helpless. ■ But this moderation on our part
had seemed to induce her to commit further out--
rages. Forbearance, had, therefore, ceased to be
a' virtue. * H,
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Dromgoole]
had said that there Was a party in this House who
had always been in favor of giving up disputed
territory, and (hat they had given up the north-
eastern tei-ritol-y, and wished to give up the Oregon
boundary; and the southwestern boundary.
The remark did not apply to his (Mr. C.'s) po-
litical friends. The northeastern boundary was
settled, and in a manner that gave satisfaction to
the country. As to the Oregon question, it could
not be said that his political friends wished to give
it up. Where was there a Whig .in this House
who proposed to give up anything south of 49° ?
He could point to almost the whole body of the
Democratic members of the House from the South
who were in favor of an adjustment on 49°. But
he could point to higher authority—to the Pres-
ident himself—to the gentleman's own President—
who had proposed to settle the question on 49°.
Many were disposed to settle the question on that
parallel who did not belong to the class which the
gentleman spoke of as being always desirous of
giving up territory. He had not heard one man
in this House say that he was in favor of surren-
dering anything more than the line of 49°.
But in this case there was no disputed territory
—neither on the Nueces nor the Rio Grande—
none, except the territory that might be occupied
by a hostile force.
As to the amendment for raising the pay to ten
dollars a month, he was in favor of it; and he did
not think the objections to it well founded. We
received eight dollars' a day for our services here,
and surely ten dollars a month would not be too
much for the gallant soldier to receive. He thought
it would be little enough.
The hour of two having arrived, the committee,
in pursuance of the order of the House of y ester-
day, proceeded to vote on amendments pending or
to be offered.
The following amendment had been heretofore
offered by Mr. James A. Black;
Jindbe itfwlher enacted, Tliatfiom and after the passage
of this act to the end ofthe pieaunt war, the monthly pay of
the non-commissioned officers, mus-ieians, and privates of
the artillery, infantry, and riflemen, who may be m the ser-
vice oi the United States, &bali be the same as the pay allowed
" to the non-commissioned olficCis, musicians, and privates
of the dragoon regiments of the United States.
Mr. BLACK now modified his amendment to
read as follows: ' •
Jirui be it further enacted. That every able-bodied recruit
who ahali hereafter, and before the termination of the war
■with Mexico, enlist in the army of the United States for five
years, shall be entitled to receive My dollars bounty; one-
half shall be paid him at the time of his enlistment, and the
other half three months after he is mustered into service;
and on his honorable discharge, he shall be entitled to a
bounty of one hundred and sixty acres of land.
+drul be it further e&actedy That every volunteer who may
do twelve months' service at one tour of duty, shall be en-
titled, on being honorably discharged from the same, to a
bounty of one hundred and sixty acres ofland.
Jlnd be it further enacted, That-should any non-coramis-
eioned officer, musician, or private, in tho army of the Uni-
ted Statea, either in the regular army* militia, or volunteers,
die in battle, or in the seivice rif the United States, during
the present war with Mexico, then his heit* at Jaw shall be
entitled to a bounty of one hundred and sixty acres of land.
Jlnd be it further enacted, That should the war terminate
so that any part of the volunteers who shall have entered
the service fortwelve months, shall be honoiably discharged,
then they shall he entitled to the bounty in land as much so
as if they had served out the full term of twelve months.
Mr. TIBBATTS said that the amendment of the
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Black] had
been so changed that he (Mr. T.) would offer his
proposition (given above) not as a substitute, as he
had originally proposed to do, but as an amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. McKAY now raised the question of order
on the amendment to the amendment. He submit-
ted that, inasmuch as it proposed to raise the pay
of the army, and to appropriate land and money
by way of bounty, it was not in order on an appro-
priation bill; and he thought a decision to that effect
had been made in a former part of the session.
The CHAIRMAN" thought that the point of
order had been settled at an earlier period of the
'session. The opinion of the Chair was that the
amendment to the amendment was not in order,
inasmuch as it proposed to increase the pay of the
army, and to appropriate land and money by way
of bounty.
Mr. TIBBATTS appealed from the decision.
Mr. ASHMUN inquired whether the decision
of the Chair covered also the modified amend-
ment of the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Black.]
The CHAIR said it covered both amendments.
The question on the appeal was then taken; and
the committee sustained the decision of the Chair-
man by yeas 96, nays 25.
So the amendment and the amendment to the
amendment were decided to be out of order.
Mr. McKAY now offered the following amend-
ment, (modified in the item for " subsistence in
kind,") of which he had heretofore given notice:
Be it further enacted, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated to meet the expenditures
which may be incurred under the acts passed during the
present session to authorize an increase of the rank and file
of the army, arid to provide for raising a regiment of mount-
ed riflemen, viz:
For pay $814,512
For commutation of officers' subsistence  12,775
For subsistence m kind  487,442
For expenses for recruiting    79,600
For clothing, camp, garrison, and horse equipage 284,175
For the regular supplier of the quartermaster's
department, consisting of fuel, forage, straw,
&,c  113,000
•For the incidental expenses of the quartennas-
ter's department, consisting of expenses of
courts martial, and courts of inquiry, extra pay
to soldiers,-purchase of horses for dragoons, &c. 93,000
For transportation of troops and supplies for the
army      ......   022,000
For the medical and hospital department  20,000
The amendment was agreed to,
Mr. McKAY asked leave to offer an amend-
ment, providing that $12,000 of the appropriation
for arsenals may be applied to the purchase of a
site, and for building a magazine for the Wash-
ington arsenal.
Mr. SAWYER raised the point of order.
Some conversation followed between Mr. SAW-
YER, Mr. JOSEPH J. McDOWELL, Mr. Mc-
KAY, and the Chair.
Mr. McKAY withdrew the amendment.
Mr. GROVER offered an amendment, as an
additional scction, providing that from and after
the passage of this act, no officer shall be entitled
to receive more than six rations per day, or com-
mutation therefor.
Mr. ASHMUN" raised the point of order.
The CHAIRMAN decided the amendment to
be in order.
The question was then taken, and, by ayes 71,
noes 90, the amendment was rejected.
Mr.< YELL moved an additional section, appro-
priating §20,000 for the completion of Fort Smith,
in the State of Arkansas.
And the question being taken, the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. McKAY offered the following amendment,
which was agreed to:
" For the purchase of gunpowder, $100,000."
Mr. McKAY moved an additional section, pro-
viding that hereafter the allowance paid to officers
of the army and navy for travelling shall not be
more than six cents per mile.
The amendment was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the committee then
rose and reported the bill and amendments to the
House. -
And the question being on concurring with the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
in its amendments,
Mr. S. JONES moved the previous question;
which was seconded.
And the main question was ordered to be now
taken.
The amendments (except as hereinafter noticed)
were concurred in without a division.
On concurring in the amendment providing that
hereafter the allowance paid to officers of the army
and navy- for travelling shall not be more than six
cents per mile,
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL asked the yeas and
nays, which were ordered, and, being taken, re-
sulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. John Q.. Adams, Stephen Adams, An-
derson, Atkinson, Barrmger, Bayly, Bedmger, Bell, Benton,
Bi^gs, James Black, James A. Black, Blanchard, Bowlin,
Bnnkerhofi', Brockenbrough, Brodhead, Milton Brown,
Bulfington, Burt, Cathcart, Augustus A. Chapman, Reuben
Chapman, Chase, Cobb, Cocke, Collin, Cullom, Cummins,
Cunningham, Daniel, De Mott, Dillingham, Dobbin, Drom-
goole, Dunlap, Edsall. Ellsworth, Erdman, Edwin H. Ew-
irig, Faran, Fiekhn, Fo&tor, Fries, Garvin, Giles, Graham,
Grover, Hamhn, Hoge, Hopkins, George S. Houston, Ed-
mund W. Hubard, Hungerford, James B. Hunt, Hunter,
Jenkins, James II. Johnson, Joseph Johnson, Andrew
Johnson, George W. Jones, Seaborn Jones, Preston King,
T 1 T _ . t_ T •  T Iimnlrm TVf/"> f"'I O O vi TV7V>f~M on ti
Phelps, Price, Rathbun, Reid, Relfe, Bitter, Sawtelle, Saw-
yer, Scammon, Simpson, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith,
Stanton, St. John, Strong, James Thompson, Jacob Thomp-
son, Tredway, Trumbo, Wentworth, Wheaton, Wick, Wil-
liams, Woodward, Woodworth, and Yancey—105.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Arnold, Ashmun, Baker, Wil-
liam G. Brown, William W. Campbell, John H. Campbell,
Carroll, John G. Chapman, Chipman, Clarke, Cranston,
Crozier, Culver, Dargan, Dairagh, Jefferson Davis, Dixon,'
Dockery, Douglass, John H. Ewing, Foot, Grider, Gnnnell,
Hampton, Haralson, Harmamon, Harper, Ililliard, Elias B.
Holmes, Isaac E. Holmes, John W. Houston, Samuel D.
Hubbard, Hudson, Washington Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll,
Joseph R. Ingersoll, Daniel P. King, Lawrence, La Sere,
Lewis, Levin, Maelay, McClelland, James McDowell,
McG.iughey, McHenry, Mcllvaine, Maish, Miller, Mors-e,
Moseley, 1'enill, Peny, Ramsey, Julius Rockwell, John A.
Rockwell, Root, llunk, Schenck, Seaman, Seddon, Sever-
ance, Alexander D. Sims, Truman Smith, Albert Smith,
Stewait, Strohm, Thiboderux. Benjamin Thompson, Thur-
man, Tibbatts, Tilden, Toombs, Towns, Vance, Vinton,
While, Wmthrop, Wood, Woodruff, Wright, Yell, and
Young—84.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading; and
having been pead a third time, by its title and the
question being, " Shall this bill pass?''
Mr. PRICE demanded the previous question.
There was a second; and the main question
was ordered to be now taken.
Mr. HOPKINS asked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered; and being taken taken, resulted as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John Q.. Adams, Stephen Adam?,
Anderson, Arnold, Ashmun, Atkinson, Bake), Barimgcr,
Bayly, Bedinger, Bell, Benton, Biggs, Jamed Black, James
A. Black, Blanchard, Bnnkerhoft, Brockenbrough, Biod-
head, Milton Brown, William G. Brown, Buflington, Burt,
William W. Campbell, John 11. Campbell, Carroll, Cathcart,
John G. Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman, Reuben Chap-
man, Chase, Chipman, Claike, Cobb, Cucke, Collin, Cian-
ston, Crozier, Cullom, Culver, Cummins, Cunningham,
Daniel, Dargan, Darragh, Gairett Davis, Jefferson Davis,
Dc Mott, Dillingham, Ihxon, Dobbin, Dockery, Dou<rla?«,
Dromgoole, Dunlap, Edsall, Ellsworth, Eidmari, John H*
Ewmg,Edwin H. Ewing, Faran, Fiekhn, Foot, Foster, Fries,
G.uvin, Gentry, Giles, Graham, Grider, GiinneJJ, Grover,
Hamlin, Hampton, Haialson, Harmanson, Haipcr, Hiliiaid.
Hoge, E!iat> B. Holmes, Hopkins, J. W. Houston, George S,
Houston, Edmund W. Hubaid, Samuel D. Hnhlta>d, Hud-
son, Hungerford, Washington Hunt, James B. Hunt, Hunter,
Charles J. Ingersoll, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Jenkins, James H.
Johnson, Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson, G. W. Jones,
Seaborn Jones, Kennedy, Daniel P. King, Preston King,
Lawrence, Leake, Leib, La Seie, Lewis, Levin, Ligon,
Lumpkin, Maclay, McClean, McClelland, McClernand, Jo-
«.r ph J. McDowell, James McDowell, McGaugbey, McHenry,
Mcllvaine, McKay, Marsh, J. P. Martin, Barkley Martin,
Miller, Morris, Morse, Moseley, Moulton, Noins, Owen,
Parnsh, Payne, Pemll, Perry, Phelps, Price, Ramsey, Rath-
bun, Reid, Relfe, Ritter, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell,
Root, Runk, Sawtelle, Sawyer, Scammon, Schenck, Sea-
man, Seddon, Seveiance, Alexander D. Sims, Lconaid H.
Sims, Simpson, Trnman Smith, Albert Smith, Thomas
Smith, Robert Smith, Stanton, Starkweather, Stewait, St.
John, Strohm, Strong, Thibodeaux, Thomas&on, Benjamin
Thompson, James Thompson, Jacoti Thompson, Thuiman,
Tibbatts, Tilden, Toombs, Towns, Trelwav, Trumbo,
Vance, Vinton, Wentworth, White, Wick, Williams, VVin-
thiop, Wood, Woodruff, Woodward, Woodworth, Wright,
Yancey, Yell, and Young—193.
NAYS—None.
So the bill was passed.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. McCLERNAND, by leave, from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, to which was referred the
bill granting certain lands to the Territory of Iowa,
to aid in the improvement of the navigation of the
Des Moines river in said Territory, reported an
amendatory bill, accompanied by a report in writing;
which bill was committed.
Mr. J. B. HUNT, from the same committee, to
which was referred the bill to amend the act entitled
"An act to grant a quantity of land to the Territory
of Wisconsin, for the purpose of aiding in opening
a canal to connect the waters of Lake Michigan
with those of Rock river," reported, on leave,
an amendatory bill, accompanied by a report in
writing; which bill was committed.
Mr. H. also, from the same committee, reported,
on leave, a bill to establish an additional land office
in the Territory of Iowa; which bill was read twice,
and committed.
Mr. E. W. HUBARD, from the Committee on
the Militia, reported a bill to provide for the pay-
ment of the Iowa militia, called into service in
December, 1839; which was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. HARALSON asked leave to offer the fol-
lowing resolution; to which objection was made:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be, and he is hereby, authorized and requested to
