844
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
cause such number of infantry, artillery, and cav-
alry tactics, and of the rules and regulations of
war, as may be necessary for the instruction and
information of the volunteer force called into the
actual service of the United States, to be procured
and distributed for their use; and that the same be
paid for out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
Mr. HUNTER made an ineffectual effort to in-
troduce a motion setting apart Friday and Satur-
day of next week for the consideration of bills
relating to the District of Columbia.
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 20, 1846.
Mr. NILES presented four petitions of ship-
owners and shipmasters, citizens of Connecticut,
praying that the act of March 2,1837, concerning
pilots, may not be repealed; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. N. also presented the petition of Ann Dodd,
widow of a deceased revolutionary soldier, pray-
ing a pension; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
Mr. BRIGHT presented the petition of William
Sloan, praying the passage of an act recognising
him as a citizen of the United States; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. STURGEON presented the proceedings of
a meeting of citizens of Easton, Eennsylvania, ten-
dering their services to the Government, to aid in
the prosecution of the war with Mexico; which
were laid upon the table.
In presenting the above, Mr. S. submitted a few
pointed remarks in relation to the unanimity of
feeling and the patriotism which had been exhib-
ited by the people of Pennsylvania during the pres-
ent crisis.
MINERAL LANDS.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE rose and said: Mr. Pres-
ident, I hold ill my hand certain resolutions, re-
cently passed by the Legislature of Michigan, and
with them some legislative reports, which exhibit,
in part at least, the grounds upon which those
resolutions seem founded.
I desire to present these documents to the Senate.
I propose to ask that the resolutions be read, and,
according to the course of the Senate in similar
cases, that they be piinted. I shall then desire to
move, if that disposition of them meet with the
concurrent wishes of my colleague, that the doc-
uments, and the whole subject which they involve,
be referred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
for their further consideration.
In conformity with the rules and usages of the
Senate, I have to say, sir, in regard to these reso-
lutions, that they relate to the mineral regions which
extend around Lake Superior arid far into the in-
terior. They comprise some twenty millions of
acres, perhaps more—their entire extent is not
known yet—of which from twelve to fifteen mil-
lions, I suppose, are within the limits of the State
of Michigan.
The authorities of that State deprecate the evils,
present and prospective, which they apprehend
must grow out of the plan at present pursued of
managing that great interest. They remonstrate
against that system, hitherto pursued, (if system
it be,) of retaining in this General Government the
•proprietary in the soil, and of doling it out in par-
cels to individual applicants, upon lease; thus es-
tablishing between this General Government and
the occupants of those extensive regions the rela-
tions of landlord and tenant, and, by consequence,
subjecting all its present and future inhabitants, for
good or for evil, to the will and pleasure of this
Government, and to the caprice and venality of
suet as may from time to time be appointed its
agents.
In the view of the great evils which must grow out
of such a condition of things, if it be established
by you as a part, of your general policy, they are
Jed to question the competency, the constitutional
power of, this Government to adopt it, looking at it
with reference to the act of cession of Virginia, by
; which you acquired that country, and with refer-
ence to the compacts which have been entered into
between you and the people who may inhabit those
'regions, and with the State itself; they believe such
_ a.system of managing those lands to be inconsist-
ent with "both t&e spirit and letter of those Instru-
ments, and perceive no sanction for it in any fair
construction of the third section of the fourth arti-
cle of the Constitution. In terms perfectly re-
spectful, therefore, the authorities of the State pro-
test against its adoption or continuance as a per-
manent measure of policy.
If any Senator should think it in bad taste for &
State so new, so feeble, and so impotent as Michi-
gan, to seek to bring into question the constitu-
tional authority of this General Government to
exercise, in such a matter, its high and important
powers, I respectfully ask such Senator to consider
that such a policy, persevered in, would be vitally
destructive to the best interests of the State.
This region of country comprises more than
one-third of its whole area; an active, a busy, an
enterprising population is rapidly pouring into it.
It may soon hope to become a settled, a prosper-
ous country. But how is its Government to be
sustained ? If the policy objected to should be
established, whence will the funds co'me which are
to construct its roads ? Not an acre, of the whole
fifteen millions of acres of that mineral region
which is within the limits of Michigan, has yet
become individual property. The title to the
whole remains in this Government yet, and is
there, by this policy, destined to remain.
In the very act which declares Michigan to be a
member of the Union, and, as such, admitted <f on
' the same footing, and with all the rights of sover-
eignty, freedom, and independence, as the ori-
' ginal States," you have inserted provisions which
entirely withdraw from the taxing power of the
State the whole of the unsold domain. _ Where,
then, is the money to come from, which is to
build the court-houses, and all the public works
which will be necessary for its prosperity, and to
sustain the whole machinery of Government? Sir,
the policy objected to is full of evil of every kind;
and I am sure it wdl be considered to have been
proper for those State authorities which have in
charge the great interests of the State, both present
and future, to remonstrate against the establishment
of such a policy, and respectfully to request your
special attention to it.
1 ask, then, sir, that the resolutions be read and
ordered to be printed, and that the documents and
the whole subject be referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands for its further and deliberate con-
sideration . . .
Mr. WEBSTER rose and said that, perceiving
the honorable Senator, who is chairman of the
Committee on the Public Lands, now in his seat,
he would take occasion to inquire of him if that
committee was making progress in that great, and,
in his opinion, necessary subject of legislation, the
making proper provision respecting the mineral
lands of the United States. Pie hardly knew how
long this matter had been the subject of occasional
attention in this and the other House of Congress.
It had become to them all a matter of great and re-
newed interest, and he thought it ought to be taken
up and disposed of finally and effectually during
this session of Congress. And he expressed the
ho.pe that the committee who had charge of the
subject would report upon it as speedily as possi-
ble.' He inquired of the honorable chairman wheth-
er any progress had already been made by the com-
mittee.
Mr. BREESE said he was happy that it was in
his power to answer the interrogatory of the dis-
tinguished Senator from Massachusetts. There
were two divisions of these mineral lands: one em-
bracing the lead, and the other the copper mines.
The subject of the copper mines had not been
brought directly before the committee. A report
had been submitted about two months ago, recom-
mending the adoption of a joint resolution for trans-
ferrin?; the care and custody of these lands from
the War Department, to which it did not properly
belong, to the Treasury Department, to which the
control of the whole public land system had been
confided. Respecting the lead mines, some three
months as^o 'in elaborate report had been made,
accompanied by a bill, providing for their sale.
That bill was almost identical with a bill heretofore
passed in relation to such mines in the State of
Missouri. He had been very desirous of calling
up that bill for the. action of the Senate, for he sup-
posed (and be believed that all who had examined
the subject would agree with him) that, after look-
ing into the Message of the President upon the
subject, and the several reports from the heads of
Bureaus for the last few years, there could be no
j hesitation in directing the sale of those lands. But
f he had been warned, by the efforts of other Sena-
j tors, that it was inexpedient to call up a bill out of
■ its order, unless upon some pressing matter of pub-
' lie business. When it came up in its order on the
I calendar, he hoped he would have the aid of the
i honorable Senator from Massachusetts in accom-
i plishing the object which the committee had in
! view.
i Mr. WEBSTER said he hoped that they would
I take up the subject (which was equally important)
I of ali the mineral lands. It was highly expedient
i to make a final disposition of these lands contain-
! ing copper mines, because of the great increase of
! private interest in them. He agreed entirely with
the honorable Senator as to the expediency of ma-
king sales of all the mineral lands of the United
States. He thought the relation of landlord and
tenant between the General Government and citi-
zens was a very undesirable relation. He hoped
that those lands might be all disposed of under suit-
able and proper regulations.
Mr. CASS said he was very glad that the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts had called the attention of
the Senate to this vastly important subject. The
President had decided, and he thought very prop-
erly, that no more of the mineral lands should be
granted out upon leases. Parties holding those
leases had been going on and making large expen-
ditures, and the consequence would be, that they
would be brought into contact with the Govern
ment. The interests were becoming vitally impor-
tant—they were increasing every day, A spii-it of
cupidity existed throughout the whole country, and
the shares liad run up enormously. He thought
it was the duty of the Government, by an imme-
diate act of legislation, to let the country under-
stand what course was to be pursued. He agreed
with the Senator from Massachusetts, that the
Government should not mix itself with mineral
speculators. lie was of opinion that they ought
to be sold, and sold with reference to the. value of
the improvements which individuals had made
upon them, and to the rights which individuals
had acquired. He hoped there would be speedy
action upon the subject.
Mr. SEVIER was of the opinion that their ob-
ject might be fully accomplished, by simply ma-
king the law in relation to mineral lands in Missouri
a general law. There had never been a law to re-
strain the sale of copper, silver, or any other mines,
he believed, except lead mines and salt springs. As
to this business of mining, it was a mere lottery—
the most uncertain of all pursuits. No discoveries
could be effected without great risk and expendi-
tures.
Mr. BREESE expressed his gratification that
this suhject had excited the attention of the Sen-
ate. Ete stated as an apology for the delay on the
part of the Committee of Public Lands, that no
particular interest had been heretofore manifested
on the part of this body to go into the subject.
The mineral lands could not be brought into
market for sale, until they shall have been survey-
ed and divided, in pursuance of law. The lead
mines, under the system of leasing, had involved
the Government in an expenditure of some 60.000
or $80,000, the whole system having sprung out of
the law of 1807, authorizing the President to lease
the lead mines m Missouri. Out of this had arisen
the copper speculations; shares in some of the com-
panies having sold as high as 300 or $400. The
committee ought to move cautiously in the matter,
with a view to the promotion of the public inter-
ests. He hoped the whole of the landlord and
tenant system would be broken up.
Mr. WEBSTER said the Senator from Arkan-
sas may be right as to the law; but a practice has
prevailed of reserving these lands from sale. If
this was not in accordance with law, it should be
stopped; if authorized by law, the law should be
changed. As to the copper mines, leases are grant-
ed on the supposed authority of the President, and
they should be confirmed by Congress. And if the
President had no such power to grant leases, the
lands should be disposed of by public sale.
Mr. SEVIER replied that the President had the
right, under the general law, to withhold the lands
from public sale at his discretion.
Mr. BRESSE. Do I understand the Senator
that the President has a right to withhold these
mineral lands from sale ?
Mr. SEVIER. He has a right to determine
when and how the lands shall be sold, whether in
