1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
847
The bill from the Senate making alterations in
the Pay Department of the Army was read and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The bill from the Senate for the relief .of Mrs.
Pike, widow of the late General Pike, was read
and referred to th^Committee of Claims.
The amendment of the Senate to the bill further
to amend "An ^.ct~supplementary to 'An act to
fix the value'of certain ftioneys of account in com-
putation at the custom-house,' approved March 3,
1845," was-read and agreed to.
This bill has finally passed both Houses. As
passed, it establishes the value of foreign coins as
follows:
Specie dollar of Sweden and Norway, at '$1 05
Specie dollar of Denmark, at  105
Thaler of Prussia and northern States of Germany 69
Florin of southei n States of Germany  40
Fiona of Austrian Empire and city of Aus^-buig 48 5
Lira of the Lombardo Venitian Kingdom and Tus-
cany   16
Fianc of France and of Belgium and livre of Sar-
dinia             18 6
Dueat of Naples  80
Ounce of Sicily  2 40
Pound of theBritish Provinces of Nova Scotia, New
Biunswiek, Newfoundland, and Canada  4 00
Mr. JVlcCLEAN. on leave given, presented the
following resolutions, which were laid on the table
and ordered to be printed:
"Whereas the taiiff'of one thousand eight hundred and
fojty-two produces no more than sufficient revenue to defiay
the ncccssary -expenses of the General Government, and af-
fords only an adequate incidental protection to American.in-
dustry and American manufactures, against foreign competi-
tion and foreign policy; and a con&equent encouragement to
commercial enterprise, to agricultural pursuits, and to the
development of our own natuial resources:
" And whereas it is believed the people oi'Pennsylvania are
opposed to any alteration m the existing tnriiF, until further
experience has shown that a modification is required to se-
cure a continuance ot such pioteeuoii, and to promote the
general welfare: therefore,
" Resolved by the Senate cuul House of Representatives of the
Oommonu ealtk of Pennsylvania in General Assembly met.
That our Senators and Representatives in Congress be, and
they are hereby, requested to oppose nil attempts to alter
or modify the tariff act of the thirtieth of August, one thou-
sand eight hundred and forty-two.
" Kewlocd) That the Governor be lequestcd to transmit a
copy of the above preamble und resohmons to each of our
Senators and Repre>entatives in Congress."
" Resolved by the Sen ate awl House of lieprdcn tat ives of
the Gjinmoniveulth of Pennsylvania in General Jlnsc-mblt) met,
That oui Senatois and licpiewcntativcs in Congress "be le-
quested to oppose the establishment of a national hank, the
distribution of the proceeds of the public lund-> among the
several States, and to \ofe for the separation of the Govern-
ment from banking'institutions, and for the creation of a
constitutional treasury, as the best means to secure a sound
currency, guard the public moneys, and preserve unimpaired
the protection afforded to the industry of the people, by a
jnst tariff law. - -
" Resolved^ That the Governor be requested to transmit a
copy of the preceding resolution to each of our Senators and
Representatives in Congress,
« FINDLEY PATTERSON,
" Speaker of the Housp of Representatives.
" WILLIAM S* ROSS,
" Speaker of the Senate.
"Adopted in the House of Representatives, April 9,1846.
"WILLIAM JACK, Clerk.
u Adopted in the Senate, April 29,1846.
«E< S. GOODRICH, Gierke
Mr. JOSEPH J. McBOWELL gave notice that
on to-morrow, or some other day of the session, he
would ask leave to introduce a bill giving- further
time to loeate Virginia land warrants, and to re-
turn the surveys thereon to the General Land
Office.
- Mr. McCLELLAND, by-leave, presented reso-
lutions of the Legislature of the State of Michigan,
relative to the leasing of the mineral lands within
•the State of Michigan; which resolutions were
committed.
Mr. BRODHEAD, by leave, presented the pro-
ceedings of a meeting of the citizens of the borough
of Easton, Pennsylvania, sustaining the action of
the Government in regard to our Mexican difficul-
ties; which were laid upon the table.
Mr. DROMGOOLE, by leave, presented a me-
morial of sundry merchants, traders,.and other citi-
zens in the town of Petersburg, in the State of
Virginia, praying the establishment of a steam-
mail line to the free city of Bremen, by the way of
Cowes; which was laid upon the table.
Mr. D. also, by leave, presented a memorial of
sundry publishers of American editions of foreign
periodicals, in the city of New York, remonstra-
ting against the proposed change in the rate of duty
on foreign periodicals imported into the country;
which was laid upon the table.
Mr. ARNOLD, by leave, presented a resolution
"of the Legislature of the State of Rhode Island,
for indemnity for spoliations .committed by the
French upon American commerce prior to the year
3800; which was laid upon the, table.
Mr. RAMSEY, by leave, presented a memorial
of citizens of Schuylkill county, in the State- of
Pennsylvania, engaged in the coal trade, remon-
strating against any change in the present tariff
laws; which memorial was laid upon the fable.
Mr. GEORGE S. HOUSTON gave notice of a
motion for leave to introduce a joint-resolution,
providing for a commission "of American citizens
to adjust and determine the amount of the different
claims in favor of citizens of the United States
against the Government of Mexico.
In pursuance of previous notice, Mr. BROCK-
ENBROUGH asked, obtained leave, and intro-
duced a joint resolution to avoid a technical objec-
tion, by operation of the law admitting Florida
into the Union; which was read twice and com-
mitted.
And the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were pre-
sented, under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
By Mr. CUMMJNS: The remonstrance of 60 citizens of
Holmes countv, Ohio, against the renewal of a patent grant-
ed to Jethro Wood, m 1819, lor making and vending cast
iron ploughs and plough points : refeired to the Committee
on Patents.
By Mr. LUMPKIN: The petition of Joel H. Stubbs, of De
Kaib county, Georgia, m behalf of tlio widow of Benjamin
Stubbs, who was* a soldier m the wa  of the Revolution : re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
By Mr. SEAMAN: The petition of citizens and farmers
of the county of King", State of New York, against renew-
ing the parent to Jethro Wood.
By Mr. W. HUNT: The petition of David Thomas, and
other citizens ol Cayuga county, New York, for the aboli-
tion of the fiankmg privilege, and the further ieduction of
letter postage.
By Mi. LA SERE: The petition of John Day, master of
ship Elizabeth Biuce : reieuod to the Committee of Claims.
By Mr. SAWTELLE: The petition ot John Stevens, of
Athens, State of Maine, lor a pension: referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions.
13 j Mr. J. P. MARTIN : The p> tition of citizens of Ken-
tucky, praying that an agency ft>r pajing pensions may be
established at Richmond, Kentuck> : rekired to the Com-
mittee on Revoluhotiau Pensions.
By the SPEAKER- The metnoual of Thomas M. Knight,
and a huge number of eitiHen* of Dubuque county, Iowa
Tcrntoiy, praung that the 4-2d parallel may be the boundary
of the futuie State ot Jow a. The petition of James II. Myer*,
and 500 other citizens of low a, piajinjr that there may be a
new Territory formed, to be called the Decota: referred to
the Committee on Territories.
By Mi. LA SERE: The petition of Bernard Ilempkin, for
the confirmation of the sale of a tract of land: referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims. The petition of L.
MilJaudun and others, for the confirmation of certain entries
in the New Orleans land dKtrict: re toned to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
By Mr. GRINNELL : The petition of Horatio G. Wood
and others, praying that steel may be imported free of duty.
By Mr. J. H. JOHNSON: The petition of Solomon Ilait-
ford, of Hiram, Stale of Maine, a soldier of the war of 18J2
with Great Britain, praying for a pension for disabjlities in-
curred while a soldier in the aimy of the United States.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May 21, 1846.
The Journal having been read—
Mr. ATCHISON presented the petition of
Thomas T. January,praying the right of pre-emp-
tion to a tract of land; also, similar petitions from
George Ramey and William Ramey, and other
citizens of Missouri, all of which were referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. MOREHEAD presented the memorial of
William De Courcy, praying an alteration of the
pension laws; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
Mr. M. also asked leave to withdraw from the
files of the Senate the petition and papers of John
P. Lewis; which was granted.
Mr. JARNAG1N presented the petition of the
widow of General William Carroll, praying a pen-
sion; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. J. also asked leave to withdraw from the
files of the Senate the papers of A. R. S. Hunter;
which was granted.
Mr. STURGEON presented the memorial of
citizens of the city and county of Philadelphia,
praying the establishment of a national foundry at
Port Richmond, in that State; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. NILES presented a petition of citizens of
Cayuga county, New York, praying the reduction
of the postage on half-ounce letters, and the dis-
continuance of the franking-privilege; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. SEMPLE presented a petition of citizens of
Alexandria, in the District of Columbia, remon-
strating against the retrocession of Alexandria to
the State of Virginia; which was referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. DIX presented the memorial of-George Gib-
son and others, merchants in the city of New York,
praying the repayment of duties alleged to have
been illegally exacted of them by the collector of
that port; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. D. also presented the memorial of a number
of persons engaged in canal navigation, praying
the passage of a law exempting canal-boats from
the payment of fees and hospital money; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. D. further presented the petition of citizens
of Madison county, New York, in relation to the
Smithsonian bequest; which was referred to the
Select Committee on that subject.
Mr. WOOD BRIDGE presented documents in
relation to the claim of Joseph Loranger to com-
pensation for a fishing vessel seized by the collect-
or for the port of Detroit, for an alleged violation
of the revenue laws; which were referred to the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. HAYWOOD presented the memorial of the
Historical Society of the University of North
Carolina, praying that they may be furnished with
a copy of the work:! of the Exploring Expedition;
which was referred to the Committee on the Li-
brary.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. YCJLEE submitted the following resolution,
which was agreed to.
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be directed to examine and report upon the merits
of R. F. Loper's plan for constructing war-steam-
ers and other vessels; also, on the merits of the
said Loper's plan for constructing wrought iron
cannon and mortars on the screw principle.
Mr. RUSK submitted the following resolution;
which was agreed to;
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquiie into the propriety of
authorizing the purchase of two hundred of Colt's
patent rifles, for the use of the troops on the south-
western frontier.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill to change the time of hold-
ing the spring terms of the district courts of the
United States in Virginia and Tennessee; which
was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, submitted an adverse report
upon the petition of Hannah Severance; which
was ordered to he printed.
LAWS OVER OREGON TERRITORY.
Mr. WESTCOTT, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, made the following report, to wit:
The Committee on Territories, which was in-
structed by a resolution of the Senate to inquire
into the expediency of organizing a government for
the territory of Oregon, report, that it is decided by
a majority of the committee that it is not proper or
expedient at this time for Congress to adopt legis-
lation of the character indicated by the resolution.
And the same committee, to which was referred
the House bill entitled " An act to protect the
rights of American citizens in the territory of the
United States west of the Rocky Mountains, and
for other purposes," report, that a majority of the
committee do not agree that it is necessary, or
in anywise expedient, to pass said bill in its pres-
ent form at this session; but the committee, after
full and careful consultation, have not been ablp
to coincide in opinion with respect to the several
important alterations that it is believed should be
made in it; and the committee has therefore unani-
mously instructed its chairman to move to dis-
charge said* committee from the further considera-
tion of said bill.
Mr. W. suggested that the consideration of the
motion which he was instructed by the committee
to make be postponed until to-morrow, and gave
notice that he should, when it came up on to-mor-
row, move to postpone the whole subject of Oregon
to the first Monday it) December next.
