THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, MAY 27, 184G.
New Series....No. 54.
McClernand, Joseph J. McDowell,McKay, Barkley Martin,
Morris, Morse, Moulton, Norris, 1'armh, Payne, Pemll,
Perry, Pollock, Price, Kathbim, Reid, Eelfe, Ritter, Roberto,
Sawtelle, Sawyer, Seammon, Se<M<m, Alexander D Sims,
Leonard H. Sims,'Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Stark-
weather, St. John, Strong, Thomasson, James Thompson,
Jacob Thompson, Tibbatts, Tredway, Trumbo, Went-
worth, Wick, Williams, Woodward, Yell, and Yost—106.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
And the question recui'ringon the amendment of
Mr. Houter,
A motion was made (by whom the reporter could
not learn) that the bill be recommitted to the Com-
mittee on the Territories.
Mr. HAMLIN said he was opposed to the re-
commitment, and lie would briefly state the rea-
sons of his opposition.
[Several voices; " Call the previous question."]
Mr. HAMLIN resumed. His friends around
him asked him to call the previous question. He
would do go, if gentlemen desired it, in a few mo-
ments. _ But he wished to correct a misapprehen-
sion which he believed existed in the minds of some
fentlemen. The bill, or rather the principle of the
ill, and certainly the amendment, were old ac-
quaintances of his. He lenew them at the last
Congress. And he had then taken occasion to ex-
press his opinion that, as the legislative body for
the District of Columbia, Congress was bound to
extend the right of suffrage to every citizen. lie
thought so then ; he thought so now. If the bill
should now be recommitted, it would never, at this
!ate period of the session, be dug up again from ils
grave. If the House was disposed to extend the
right of suffrage, as he thought they should do,
the bill was now within their control. He hoped
they would keep it there; that they would sub-
stantially extend the right of suffrage, and not, by
pustpomng the bill, defeat it. He hoped that the
amendment proposed by the gentlemen from Vir-
ginia* [Mr. Hunter] would be voted down. He
(Mr. H.) knew that that gentleman was the chair-
man of the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia, but he was none the less one of the legislators
for the citizens who resided in this District." When
the memorial, to which reference had been made
was presented, there were counter petitions from
citizens and from public assemblages also present-
ed, asking the extension of the right of suffrage.
There was also a counter report from the minority
of the committee. That countor report was adopt-
ed, and tile bill substantially extending the right of
suffrage was adopted in Committee of the Whole,
and was reported to the House. In the House it
failed, because the previous question, not having
been sustained, the bill, under the rule, was thrown
over to the next day.
This amendment, he understood, contained a
provision that there should be an actual tax paid
before the citizen voted. Ho was in favor of giv-
ing to the corporation power to tax the citizen; but
he never would vote that the payment of a sum
of money should be absolutely necessary to entitle
him to vote. The effect of such a law was to di-
vest the citizen himself of the right to vote, and to
place it in property. For these reasons, he was
opposed to the recommitment, and in favor of the
original bill, because it extended substantially the
right of suffrage—a right to which all in this com-
munity, as a matter of strict and impartial justice,
were entitled. If they had no dollars and cents,
they had rights which were infinitely above them,
and which entitled them to be heard in the direc-
tion of these municipal affairs in which they were
all so deeply interested.
Mr. RATHBUN demanded the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON inquired of the
Speaker whether the House would not be thus
brought to a direct vote on the engrossment of the
bill?
The Speaker said yes, the motion to recommit
being out off.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON desired (the report-
er thinks) to suggest an amendment.
The SPEAKER put the question on the demand
for the previous question, and the vote stood—ayes
68, noes 57.
54
So there was a second.
And the main question was ordered to be now
taken, (which main question was, first on ,the
amendment of Mr. Hunter, and then ,on ordering
the bill to a third reading.)
The amendmenthavmg been read, and the ques-
tion being on agreeing thereto,
Mr, BOYD asked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered, and, being taken, resulted as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs, Abbott, J. d. Adams, Barringcr, Buffing-
ton, Burt, William W. Campbell, Carroll, John G. Chapman,
Cocke, Collamer, Cranston, Ciozier, Culver, Dargan, Gar-
rett Davis, Delano, Dixon, Dockery, Dionisjoole, Edwin H.
Ewwsj, Foot, Giaham, Grider, Grinnell, Harper, Milliard,
Ettas  . Holmes. John W, Houston, Edmund W. Ilubard,
Samuel 1). Tlubhard, Washington Ilunt, Hunter, Joseph It.
InRorsoll, Lewis, Levin, MeG.uighry, McIIenry, Maish,
Miller, Moscley, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Root,
Runk, Seaman, Seddon, Severance, Truman Smith, Albert
Smith, Stephens, Benjamin Thompson, Tilden, Toombs,
Tredway, Trumbo, Vinton, White, Wmthrop, Woodiuft",
and Young—60.
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Anderson, Atkinson,
Benton, Bi««s, James A. Black, Bowhn, Boyd, BrinkerhofT,
Brodhead, William G. Brown, Catheart, Augustus A. Chap-
man, Reuben Chapman, ('base, Chipman, Clarke, Collin,
Cullom, Cummins, Cunningham, Daniel, Jcffer>on Davis,
Do Mott, Dillingham, Dobbin, Douglass, Edsall, Ellsworth,
Erdman, Farait, Ficklin, Fries, Garvin, Giles, Grovei,
Hamlin, Hampton, IlaiaHon, Harmanson, Henley, Hoge,
Hopkins, Geoige S. Houston, Ilunejerford, James B. Hunt,
Charles J. Injzersoll. Jenkins, James H. Johnson, Joseph
Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Si aborn
Jones, Kennedy, P. King, Leake, La Sere, Ligon, Lump-
kin, McCleau, MeOlelbmd, MeCh-mand, J. J. McDowell,
McKny, Barkley Martin, Moiris, Moulton, Norris, Parrish,
Payne, Pomli, Perry, Price, Rathbun, Reid, Relfe, Ritter,
Roberta, Sawtelle, Hawvei, Seammon, A. D. Sim*, Leonard
H. Suns, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Starkweather, St.
John, Strong, Thomasson, Jacob Thompson, Tibbatts,
Wentworth, Wick, Williams, Woodward, Woodwortb,
Yell, and Y<*t—98.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading at
this time.
And having been read a third time by its title,
and the question being, " Shall this bill pass?"
Mr. PAYNE demanded the previous question,
which was seconded. And the nmin question was
ordered to be now taken.
Mr. THOMAS SMITH, Mr. HENLEY, and
others, demanded the yeas and nays, which were
ordered, and, being taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John Cluincy Adams, Stephen
Adams, Anderson, Atkinson, Bamnger, Bodinger, Bell,
Benton, Biggs, James A. Black, Bowhn, Boyd, Brinkeihofi",
William G. Biown, Buflington, Burt, Can oil, Oatheart,
Augustus A. Chapman, Reuben Chapman, Chipman, Cobb,
Cocke, Collin, Crozier, Cullom, Cummins, Cunningham,
Dargan, Jefferson Davis, De Mott, Diihnsham, Dixon, Dob-
bin, Douglass, Dromgoole, Dnnlap, Edrnll, Erdman, Farnn,
Ficklin, Foster, Garvin, Giles, Grinnell, Grovor, Hamlin,
Hampton, Haralson, Harm an son, Henley, Hoge, Hopkins,
G. S. Houston, Edmund W. Tlubatd, Himgeilbrd, Hunter,
Charles J. Tnueisolt, Jenkins, James If. Johnson, Joseph
Johnson, Andrew John&on, George W. Jone<5, Seaborn
Jones, Kennedy, Preston King, Leake, Leib, La Sere, Li-
gon, Lumpkin, MeCloan, McClelland, McClerrmnd, Joseph
J. McDowell, MeGaughey. MeKav, Barkley Martin, Morris,
Moulton, Norris, Parrish," Payne, Peinll, Perry, Price, Reid,
Relfo, Ritter, Roberts, Sawtolle, Sawyer, Seammon, Seddon,
Alexander I>. Sims, Leonard II. Suns, Thomas Smith, Rob-
ert Smith, Starkweather, St. John, Strohm, Strong, Tho-
masson, Jacob Thompson, Tibbatts, Tilden, Tredway,
Trumbo, Wentworth, White, Wick, Williams, Woodward,
Wood worth, Yell, and Young—118.
NAYS—Messrs. Garrett Davis, Grider, McIIenry, Root,
Seaman, and Woodruff—6.
So the bill was passed.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. BOYD, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Hopkins, of Virginia, in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the bill
making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic
expenses of Government for the year ending the
30th day of June, 1847, and for other purposes.
Mr. GROYER moved to strike out the follow-
ing item:
" For compensation of two keepers of the public
archives in Florida, one thousand dollars."
Mr. GROVER wished to know what these ar-
chives were, and, what necessity there was for
putting such an item in the bill; and if the archives
belonged to the General Government, why were
they not transferred to the land office?
Mr. McKAY explained that these were archives
transferred to the Government by the acquisition
of Florida. They related to the titles of property
in that State. The appropriation had been regu-
larly made ever since the acquisition of Florida.
Three years 'ago a resolution had been adopted,
instructing the Committee on Public Lands to in-
quire into the expediency of having these papers
transferred to Tallahassee, the seat of government,
or of placing them in the custody of some officer.
The committee (of which the present Speaker of
the House of Representatives was chairman) made
a report against the proposition.
Mr. GROYER was not satisfied (he said) with
the explanation. He supposed the archives re-
lated to titles. But was Congress, for all tim-e to
come, to appropriate a thousand dollars a year for
the preservation of archives which could be kept
just as well in the office of the Secretary of State ?
' Mr. BROCKENBROUGH explained, and vin-
dicated the necessity and propriety of the appro-
priation. The amount paid to the keepers (of
whom there were two) was §500 apiece. One of
them had his office in the extreme west, at Pen-
sacola; and the other at the extreme east, in St.
Augustine. This was necessary to the conve-
nience of the people and of the Government. The
one officer had charge of the archives relating to
the west, the other to the east. The gentleman
from New York [Mr. Grover] seemed to think it
strange that there was no such office established in
his own State. Could not the gentleman see the
difference in the two eases ? If there were lands in
in his own State held by grants from a foreign
Government, and in a different language, probably
there would then be a necessity for a keeper of the
public archives in New York. Mr. B. stated the
various purposes for which the office in Florida
was required, and the consequent necessity of the
appropriation.
Mr. GROYER expressed himself still dissatis-
fied.
Mr. McKAY referred to Mr. Collamer in rela-
tion to the report made two years ago, from the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. COLLAMER recollected (he sai'd) that two
years ago the subject had been sent to that com-
mittee, of which, then as now, he was a member.
The committee gave the subject full consideration,
and made a report upon it. They came unani-
mously to the conclusion that the public service
required that this system of keeping the archives
should be continued.
Mr. McKAY then remarked, if any change was
to be made, it should be done not by striking out
the appropriation, but in the proper form. Let the
gentleman introduce a resolution instructing the
Committee on Public Lands to report a bill which
would effect his object.
Mr. GROVER vindicated his motion as an ap-
propriate mode of arriving at a desirable reform,
and spoke of the parliamentary difficulties which
attended every other mode of proceeding.
Mr. BROCKENBROUGH made some further
explanations.
On the suggestion of Mr. McKAY, the report
(referred to) from the Committee on Public Lands
was read.
Mr. CHIPMAN insisted that the duty of pre-
serving these archives belonged to the State, and
not to the General Government.
Mr. DARGAN inquired whether these archives
were evidences of private titles?
Mr. BROCKENBROUGH. Of all sorts of titles
in the State.
The question, on the motion of Mr. Grover,
was then taken, and the vote stood—aves 38.
noes 44.
No quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN counted the Committee, but
no quorum was present.
The Committee then rose, and the Chairman re-
ported the fact to the House.
Mr. S. ADAMS moved a call of the House, and
asked the yeas and nays.
Mr. ASHMUN moved that the House adjourn.
Ihe yeas and nays having been ordered 
Mr. ASf-TMUN withdrew the motion.
