850
THE CONGRESSIONAL, GLOBE.
"May 22,
Mr. YELL renewed it.
The yeas and nays were taken, and were—yeas
47, nays 84.
So the House refused to adjourn.
And a quorum voted.
Mr. S. ADAMS withdrew his motion for a call
of the House.
And the CHAIRMAN resumed his seat in com-
mittee.
Mr. GROVER proceeded to argue that, by the
showing of the Committee on Public, Lands itself,
the appropriation was wrong, because it was so
much paid without the rendition of any services
whatever.
Mr. G. yielded to Mr. BROOKENBROUGH
and Mi. McCLERNAND for explanation; and
was proceeding in his remarks, when
Mr. DROMGOOLE rend the following rule, and
insisted on its enforcement:
" No member shall speak more than twice to
' the same question without leave of the House, nor
' more than once until every member choosing to
' speak shall have spoken."
Mr. D. thought there must be some end to the
debate, and the gentleman had already spoken
twice.
[Several voices: " Six times.'']
Mr.GROVER merely wished five minutes' time.
The CHAIRMAN said if the genii uman from
Virginia [Mr. Diiomgoole] insisted on his point of
order, the Chair must enforcc the rule.
Mr. DROMGOOLE insisted.
Mr. McIIKNllY moved that Mr. Grower have
leave to proceed.
On this motion the vote stood—ayes 45, noes 21.
No quorum voting.
But the Chairman counted the committee, and
declared that a quorum was present.
Mr. PRESTON KING said it was evident no
business could be done. He therefore moved that
the committee rise.
The committee thereupon rose, and reported
progress.
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, May 22, 184G.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States.
Mr.WESTCOTT presented the petition of many
citizens of West Florida, praying indemnity for
losses sustained by them, in consequence of the mil-
itary occupation of Flouda by the United States,
in the years 1814 and 1818; which was referred to
the Committee of Claims and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAYWOOD presented a remonstrance of
citizens of Wilmington, North Carolina, against
the repeal of the pilot law of 1837; which way laid
on the table.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. W00I)I3R1T)GE submitted the following
resolution; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the < 'ommitteo on the Judiciary
inquire into the expediency 0f transmitting to the
constituted authorities of the State of Michigan,
authenticated evidence of the final action of the
Government of the United States  n regard to the
location and establishment of the national bounda-
ry, so far us the same national boundary separates
the State of Michigan from the Canadian provinces
of Great Britain, and especially authenticated copies
of such charts and field notes as mny remain in the
State Department, so far as the same may dej-i^-
nate the said boundary alone; the extent of said
State.
Mr. ALLEN submitted the following resolution;
which was agreed to :
Resolved, That the President of the United States i
he requested to communicate to the Senate, if in j
his opinion it may be done without prejudice to the i
public interests, any information in Ins possession !
relative to the demand made by the Governments j
of England and France, or either of them, upon !
the State of Texas, on the subject of the execution 1
by Texas of the treaties subsisting between that '
State when an independent Republic, and England j
and France; also such documents as may be in his j
possession, growing out of, or relating to, such j
demands, together with a copy of such treaties. >
Mr. WESTCOTT submitted the following reso- !
Ill tion; which was agreed to: !
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
transmit to the Senate the original reports of the
examination of the claims for spoliations by the
American troops in West Florida in 1814 and 1818,
and the adjudications of the judge of the western
district of Florida thereon.
OREGON. *
The PRESIDENT havingpreviously announced
for consideration the motion made yesterday, to
discharge the Committee on Territories from the
further consideration of the subject of extending
the jurisdiction of the United States over American
citizens in Oregon, and the same having been inter-
rupted by other business,
Mr. ALLEN said he understood that the chair-
man of the Committee on Territories had moved
the postponement of the whole subject of Oregon
to the first Monday in December next. He desired
to know if there was any such motion before the
Senate?
The PRESIDENT answered in the negative.
Mr. ALLEN then moved that the subject be
made the special order for Monday next.
Mr. HAYWOOD remarked, that, from some
accident, the Senator from Ohio might not have
heard what occurred yesterday. The chairman of
the Committee on Territories, when he made his
report, gave notice to the Senate that he would
move to take it up at one o'clock to-day; and the
Senator from Missouri [Mr. Benton] thereupon
gave jiotice to the Senate that when he did make
that motion he desired to be heard. The Senator
from Ohio could of course make his motion after
or before the Senator from Missouri was heard.
But, at present, they were anticipating the arrange-
ment of yesterday, as the hour of one o'clock had
not yet arrived.
The subject was then passed over informally.
AUGMENTATION OV THE NAV"¥.
Mr. FAIRFIELD, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to whom was recommitted the bill pro-
viding for an augmentation of the naval force of
the United Slates, and for other purposes, reported
it with the following amendment; which was order-
ed to be printed:
Htiiko out nil tttlcr tlio enacting clnufsc, and insert s
"That the Pre&idejit of the United State* be and he is
hereby authorized, should tho public Interest in his opinion
require it, to cause to be built, equipped, and employed in
the service of the United Stales ten steamship# or vessels
[i nt* wru ; three oj the clat;,- of (mini let; five of the rJaiH of
j sloop* of war; and two of a^imiUer cia^s, mid any less ntim-
; her ol either else-w ; and he he further authorized lo
<'HH*e «ai(i nhijh* or ve- «*rlK to he built undci <onti<u tor at
lhehe\eral nnvnl Maiton-, am! either of uoit or wood, us he
:i i ;iv deem hum pioniome ot tlx* public interest.
tfur. ii. Jhulhe U juilhvr cnuded, Thsii, for the purpose
1 of earn mi* into etfeet the foiejronitf provision-;, two millions |
■ nine hundred and twenty thousand dollars be and the same
! hereby is appropriated, to he paid out of any money m the
j iioasury imfothuiwhe uppiopnated."
; Mr. MANGUM rose to inquire of the chairman
i of the Committee on Naval Affairs when he pro-
! posed to call up the bill3 He had no objection to
1 the amendments: but what he did object to was
; the unlimited discretionary power granted to the
j President. The bill authorized the President to
, build ten steamships, either by contract or at the
; public yards, if, in his opinion, the public service
| might require (hem. That, in his humble estima*
i tion, was a discretion that more properly belonged
to Congress, and he felt opposed to giving this
: unrestrained power to any officer of the Govern-
j rncnt.
j Mr. FAIRFIELD replied that it was his inten-
j tion to cull up the hill on Monday; and, in reply
j to the objections made to the discretion granted in
I the hill to the President, he said that another bill
| winch had passed the House hud given the discre-
i tionury power to the Executive, and it was that
| given there which made it necessary to confer it in
! the hill reported.
Mr. M A NGIJM. That must he considered at
the appropriate time.
Mr. R also, from the same committee, to whom
was rr ferred the act (from the House) to enable the
Secretary of the Navy to purchase the right of
using Mix's patent manner stopper, reported the
same with an amendment.
RIVER AND HARBOR APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Commerce, to
whom was refered the (House) bill making appro-
priations for the improvement of certain harbors
and rivers, reported it back with several amend-
ments; which were ordered to be printed.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported back the bill making copies df
certain papers, &o., with an amendment; which
was ordered to be printed.'
GENERAL ORDERS OF THE DAT.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
adverse report of the Committee on Pensions, on
the petition of Samuel Hartwells -which was con-
curred in.
Also, thje adverse report of the Committee on •
Pensions, on the petition of Hannah Severance;
which was concurred in.
Also, the adverse report of the -Committee on
Pensions, on the petition of John Hulbert; which
was concurred in.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, moved that the
prior orders of tho day be postponed, and that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the joint res-
olution for tlie relief of Patncy and Riddle; which
motion was agreed to.
The joint resolution was then read a second time,
considered as in committee of the whole, reported
back to the Senate without amendment, and ordered
to he engrossed for a third reading,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, moved that the
Senate should proceed to the consideration of a
joint resolution in relation to the issuing of grants
of certain lands in Louisiana; which motion'was
agreed to.
The joint resolution was considered as in com-
mittee of the whole, and, after discussion, Mr.
McDUFFIE moved to postpone its further con-
sideration until Tuesday next.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, withdrew his
objection to the motion, and by unanimous consent
the further consideration of tho bill was postponed.
An net (from the House) for the allowance of
drawback on foreign merchandise imported into
certain districts of the United States from the Brit-
ish North American provinces, and exported to
foreign countries, was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
OREGON JURISDICTION SlLl.
The Senate then took up the report made yes-
terday by Mr, Wkstcott, the chairman of tho '
Committee on tlie Territories, asking to bo dis-
charged from the further consideration of the reso-
lution of the Senate and the bill from the House
to extend the jurisdiction of the United Slates over
the territory lying west of the Rocky Mountains.
Mr. WfCSTCOTT said he had on yesterday
signified his intention, when the subject should be
brought up for discussion to-day, of moving tlie
postponement of the further consideration of it
until the first Monday of December next—the first
day of the next session. He would submit that
motion before be took his seat. It was made
under the conviction that no imperative necessity
existed for any legislation on the subject at this
session of Congress, and that, whatever legislation
might bo called for, it was best, it would be most
likely to promote the interests of those citizens of
the United States who had settled west of tlie
Rocky Mountains, and in all probability best sub-
serve the interests of the Federal Government, and
the maintenance of our just rights as to Oregon,
that further legislative action should be deferred to
the next session. We could then act more ad-
visedly; we should probably know the ground we
were treading upon. Mr. W. said he did not
speak for the committee in making these remarks.
A diversity of opinion existed among the Senators
who composed it on this point.
Mr. W. said, with respect to the ii 11 referred to
the committee, as the report which he was in-
structed to make stated, a majority of the commit-
tee were decided in the opinion that " it is not
necessary or in any wise expedient, to pass said bill
in its present form at this session." It was consid-
ered to be wholly impracticable.—nay, he would
use a stronger word, impossible—-to carry out the
provisions of the bill. It provided that the laws of -
the Territory of Ioiva, as they now exist, so far as
they were applicable, should be extended "over the
territory of the United Slates west of the Rocky Motm-
lains." Now, Oregon was about three thousand
miles from Iowa, and for three months of the year
(in winter) there could be little communication be-
tween them. What these laws of Iowa were,
proposed to be so extended over this distant coun-
try, it was impossible for the eommittee to ascer-
tain satisfactorily. The decision of the applicabil-
ity of these laws to Oregon, it is presumedj -Was -
