1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
851
intended by the bill to be left to the judge to b«
appointed to administer them. This judge was to
be a judge of the Supreme Court of Iowa, and he
was expected to travel from Oregon to attend its
annual sessions, and back again, besides doing the
duty of local judge.
Mr. W. said he was unwilling to adopt the
whole code of a Territory, (the most fugitive and
jumbled kind of legislation in the world,) and
place it in this lumping way over the people of
Oregon, and especially as he was not satisfied they
had asked for or desired it. Nor was he willing
to refer to any judge, or anybody else, in this
wholesale manner, the question of the applicability
of these laws. This was a legislative question,
and it was fraught with danger to refer it to a sin-
gle judge. Further, the judge could not do the
duty imposed on him by this bill. If the bill in-
tended to allow appeals from his decisions in Ore-
gon to the Supreme Court of Iowa, three thousand
miles oft', (as Mr. W. presumed was the intention,)
it was objectionable in that respect. Again: Con-
gress should not leave the question as to what were
the " territories of the United States west of the
Rocky Mountains," as this bill did, either to this
Oregon judge, or to the Executive of the United
States, or any other authority. It would inevita-
bly lead to difficulties and trouble. We should
not shrink from our duty in this respect.
As the report of the committee stated, diverse
opinions were entertained by its members as to the
nature of the alterations proposed to be made in
this bill. Various amendments had been suggest-
ed. For his part, (Mr. W. said,) it would be recol-
lected that he had on yesterday submitted to the
Senate an authentic copy of the organic or funda-
mental laws which the citizens of the United States
west of the Rocky Mountains had in July last, at
amass meeting in primary assembly, ordained and
established for their temporary government. They
were now getting along pretty well under that con-
stitution and the laws passed by their local legisla-
ture. They had elected a Governor, a Judge, and
other officers, and their Legislative Council had
passed several salutary laws. This bill would sub-
vert that government formed by the people of Oregon,
and that, too, without their consent.
All that Mr. W. thought it proper to be done at
this session—and he did not regard that as abso-
lutely necessary—was, that Congress should au-
thorize and sanction and ratify the acts of the citi-
zens of the United States in Oregon that he had
referred to, accompanied by provisions encouraging
emigration to that country. If further action was
had on this bill at this session, and no other older
Senator did so, he should propose such measure.
At present, and for the purpose of ascertaining the
disposition of the Senate as to any further action
on this subject this session, he would move to dis-
charge the committee from the further considera-
tion of this bill, and that the whole subject be
postponed to the first Monday of December next.
Mr. ALLEN, in pursuance of notice which he
had previously given, moved, by way of amend-
ment to the motion of the Senator from Florida,
that the bill be made the special order of the day
for Monday next. Shoula the motion of the Sen-
ator from Florida, he observed, prevail, it would,
as a matter of course, put an end to all legislation
' on the subject during the present session of Con- •
gress. He desired barely to make one or two re-
marks upon the subject. At present there was a
public law of the land by which American citizens
beyond the Rocky Mountains were to. some little
extent protected. That public law was the subsist-
ing treaty convention between the United States
and Great Britain. About the 15th of May, 1847,
that law would cease to exist. When that event
should have taken place, if there were no other
law provided by Congress to take the place of that
law, the whole of our citizens beyond the Rocky
Mountains would be subject to British law, and
British law only. This would be the case whether
a new treaty were formed between the United States
and Great Britain or not. Whether the country
were divided or not, the same state of the case
would exist. He desired, therefore, simply to
submit the question to the Senate, and especially
to the consideration of the intelligent committee
who were charged with this particular subject,
whether it was their design that Congress should
adjourn and leave the whole American population
between the Rocky Mountains and the Pacific
ocean, subject to British law, and no other?
Mr. WESTCOTT observed, in answer to the
interrogatories of the honorable Senator from Ohio,
that the committee clid not intend to leave the
citizens of the United States in Oregon subject to
British law, as the honorable Senator seemed to
apprehend would be the effect of not passing this
bill at this session. The committee, or at least a
majority of its members, did not suppose that this
would be the result of not passing this bill at this
session, by any means. In the first place, Mr. W.
said he was not satisfied that the British Govern-
ment had attempted to make citizens of the United
States in Oregon subject to British laws, or that
any act of Parliament had ever been passed with
reference to that country which would justify such
attempt. He had looked at the British laws rela-
ting to Oregon, and he saw nothing in them which
authorized such conclusion. He repeated that the
citizens of the United States in Oregon had a local
Government of their own. Mr. W. had been in-
formed that the chief measure which they desired
with reference to a local Government there was
some acknowledgment by the United States of
that they had already established. That Govern-
ment, if Congress did nothing, would continue.
It would continue till expressly annulled by Con-
gress. It was not set up as an independent Gov-
ernment. It acknowledged the authority of the
United States. The Governor, Judge, Legislative
Council, and all its officers, and all subject to it,
were citizens of the United States, and the people
there founded their right to ordain it, and to make
the laws they had made, on the fact that they were
such citizens. This Oregon Government had got
along, he understood, pretty well. There was, ne
thought, no great danger to be apprehended from
it this summer or fall. Next winter Congress can
most probably be able to form and establish a
proper permanent Territorial Government, with
; definite acknowledged boundaries. It would, by that
| time, be decided and settled whether the whole, or
'; if not, what part was acknowledged by Great Brit-
ain to belong to us.
| Precipitate legislation might involve the country
in difficulties. Pass the bill now before the Senate
without alteration, and its construction by the Ore-
gon judge, or the Federal Executive, may create
troubles the end of which might be war. The citi-
zens of the United States in Oregon and the British
subjects there are the last people on the earth to
desire collision in relation to that country. They
now live there peacefully and harmoniously to-
gether, and, unless difficulties were excited by un-
wise action here, Mr. W. said he apprehended
none from them. He had been satisfied of this
fact from conversation with intelligent gentlemen
who had been in Oregon, and were acquainted
with the country and its inhabitants.
Mr. ALLEN desired to ask one question, which
was, whether it was the design of the committee,
at the head of which was the honorable Senator
from Florida, that the present local officers within
the territory of Oregon should become, by any
legislation of Congress, officers under the Consti-
tution of the United States ? |
Mr. WESTCOTT said he would endeavor to
answer the further interrogatory of the Senator
fromOhio. He could not pretend to answer for ]
every member of the committee, but he would say i
for himself, as an individual member of it, and as
Senator, (as he had just before stated,) if it was ;
decided to have any further action on this subject '■
at this session, he should at the proper time pro-
pose an amendment to this bill, adopting, with
some qualifications, and temporarily, the local gov-
ernment already established in Oregon by the citizens
of the United States there, with a provision en-
couraging emigration to Oregon. He thought lit- [
tie else of legislation was expedient or judicious at
this session. Other members of the committee dif-
fered with him as to this. Each had his own views
and opinions on this perplexing subject; and he
presumed, if the Senate decided to act farther on
the subject at this session, they would prepare
them.
Mr. ALLEN said, as the Senator had replied
very candidly to his inquiry, he would not any
further consume the time of the Senate, but would
merely renew his motion.
Mr. BENTON then addressed the Senate. Mr.
President, (said he,) the bill before the Senate pro-
poses to extend the sovereignty and jurisdiction of
the United States over all our territories west of the
Rocky Mountains, without saying what is the ex-
tent and what are the limits of this territory. This
is wrong, in my opinion. We ought to define the
limits within which our agents are to do such acts
as this bill contemplates, otherwise we commit to
them the solution of questions which we find too
hard for ourselves. This indefinite extension of
authority, in a case which requires the utmost pre-
cision, forces me to speak, and to give my opinion
of the true extent of our territories beyond the
Rocky Mountains. I have delayed doing this du-
ring the whole session, not from any desire to con-
ceal my opinions, (which, in fact, were told to all
that asked for them,) but because I thought it the
business of negotiation, not of legislation, to settle
these boundaries. I waited for negotiation: but
negotiation lags while events go forward; and now
we are in the process of acting upon measures,
upon the adoption of which it may no longer be in
the power eitner of negotiation or of legislation to
control the events to which they may give rise.
The bill before us is without definition of the ter-
ritory to be occupied. And why this vagueness
in a case requiring the utmost precision ? Why
not define the boundaries of these territories ? Pre-
cisely because we do not know them ! And this
presents a case which requires me to wait no longer
for negotiation, but to come forward with my own
opinions, and to do what I can to prevent the evils
of vague and indefinite legislation. My object will
be to show, if I can, the true extent and nature of
our territorial claims beyond the Rocky Mountains,
with a view to just and wise decisions; and in
doing so, I shall endeavor to act upon the great
maxim, "Ask nothing but what is right—submit
to nothing that is wrong."
It is my ungracious task, in attempting to act
upon this maxim, to commence by exposing error
at home, and endeavoring to clear up some great
mistakes under which the public mind has labored.
It has been assumed for two years, and the as-
sumption has been made the cause of all the Oregon
excitement in the country, that we have a dividing
line with Russia, made so by the convention of
1824, along the parallel of 54° 40', from the sea to
the Rocky Mountains, up to which our title is
good. This is a great mistake. No such line was
ever established; and so far as proposed and dis-
cussed, it was proposed and discussed as a north-
ern British, and not as a northern American line.
The public treaties will prove there is no such line;
documents will prove that, so far as 54° '40', from
the sea to the mountains, was ever proposed as a
northern boundary for any Power, it was proposed
by us for the British, arid not for ourselves.
To make myself intelligible in what I shall say
on this point, it is necessary to go back to the
epoch of the Russian convention of 1824, and to
recall the recollection of the circumstances out of
which that convention grew. The circumstances
were these: In the year 1821 the Emperor Alexan-
der, acting upon a leading idea of Russian policy
(in relation to the North Pacific ocean) from the
time of Peter the Great, undertook to treat that
ocean as a close sea, and to exercise municipal au-
thority over a great extent of its shores and waters.
In September of that year, the Emperor issued a
decree, bottomed upon this pretension, assuming
exclusive sovereignty and jurisdiction over both
shores of the North Pacific ocean, and over the
high seas, in front of each coast, to the extent of
one hundred Italian miles, from Behring's Straits
down to latitude fifty-one, on the American coast,
and to forty-five on the Asiatic; and denouncing
the penalties of confiscation upon all ships, of
whatsoever nation, that should approach the coasts
within the interdicted distances. This was a very
startling decree. Coming from a feeble nation, it
would nave been smiled at: coming from Russia,
it gave uneasiness to all nations.
Great Britain and the United States, as having
the largest commerce in the North Pacific ocean,
and as having large territorial claims on the north-
west coast of America, were the first to take the
alarm and to send remonstrances to St. Petersburg
against the formidable ukase. They found them-
selves suddenly thrown together, and standing side
by side in this new and portentous contest with
Russia. They remonstrated in concert, and here
the wise and pacific conduct of the Emperor Alex-
ander displayed itself in the most prompt and hon-
orable manner. He immediately suspended the
ukase, (which, in fact, had remained without exe-
cution,) and invited the United States and Great
Britain to unite with Russia in a convention to set-
