856
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May £5,
The committcc now bccamc involved in a point j
of order, which led to an appeal from the decision
of the Chair, on which no quorum voted.
The committcc rose and reported the fact to the
House.
A motion was made that the House adjourn;
which motion, by ayes 58, noes S3, was rejected.
But a quorum'having voted,
The CHAIRMAN resumed his seat in commit-
tee.
The question was again taken on sustaining the
decision of the Chair, which the committee affirmed.
The committee made some further progress on
the calendar,
When a motion was made by Mr. JAMES A,
P>LACK that the committcc rise and report to the
House the bills that had been acted on, of the fol-
lowing titles;
A bill for the relief of John Stockton, late a lieu-
tenant m the army of the United Slates.
A bill granting a pension to Orris Crosby.
A hill gaming a pension to Elijah C. Babbit.
A lull to authorize the agent for paying pensions i
at Cincinnati to pay John Win}* any arrears of''
pm.sion money due to Oorothy Terrill, deceased., j
A bill for the relief of John Porter. * j
A bill for the relief of Jsniah Parker. i
A bill for the relief of Kh.^ha H. Holmes. [
A bill for the iclief of Samuel D. Enochs. j
A bill for the lehef of N. & L. Dana and Com- j
patiy. 1
A bill for the relief of Philip and Eliphelet j
Givelv. ]
A bill for the relief of Emannel Bcrri and John I
IVI. Reese. !
A bill for the relief of James G. McCIoad, of j
Linn county, Iowa Territory. |
A bill to confiim an entry of land, made by the '
mlmmMtrutor of James Andeison, deceased, of 1
Iowa Territory. j
A resolution for the relief of Sheldon B. Hayes. 1
On the motion of Mr. BLACK, no quorum j
voted. I
The committee rose and reported the fact.
Mr. DA.NIFJ., moved a rail of the House.
Mr. VINTON moved that the House adjourn;
which motion, by yeas 30, nays 74, was rejected.
A call of the House was refused;
And then the House adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, May 23, J84G. j
The Journal of yesterday was read arid up-
pro\eil. i
Mr. REID moved a reconsideration of the vote ,
by which the Houho had yesterday parsed (wilh '
an amendment) the Semite bill entitled "An net '
to repeal a part of the. act making appropriations ;
for the naval acrvicc for the year ending 'Aihh \
Juno, IH'lti." i
The consideration of the motion was postponed :
until Monday next.
PAY DEPARTMKNT OF THE ARMY. |
Mr. UARAL-SOX, (on It-ave given,) frnm the ;
Committee on Mib'-uy Affairs, to whom had been .
referred the bill fi<un the Senate making alterations 1
m the pny department of the army, reported back '
the same without amendment. !
Mr. HARALSON asked that the bill be put on j
its passage. i
Mr. McKAY raised the question of commit- |
ment.
The SPEAKER decided that, as the bill made!
no appropriations, commitment was not neeessaiy.
Mr. McKAY moved that it be committed to the '
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. j
On which motion no qumum voted. .
The yeas and nays were ordered, and, being <
taken, were, yeas 111, nays 35. !
So (a quoium having voted) the bill was refer- I
red to the Committee of the Whole on the state of '
the Union. !
INCREASE OF TIIE wavy. j
rules-, but two-thirds not voting in the affirmative,
the rules were not suspended.
Mr. D ANIEL moved that the House proceed to
the consideration of the private calendar.
Mr. HARALSON moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, with a view to take up the bill reported
by him.
The motion of Mr. DANIEL having precedence
(on Fridays and Saturdays) the question thereon
was taken, and dccided in the affirmative.
So the House passed to the consideration of
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
A number of hills on their engrossment (on the
Speaker's table) were taken up.
Tiie joint resolution for the relief of Peter Gor- j
man was read a third time and passed. j
The bill for the relief of the owner and crew of
the schooner Sl FJorilla'* coming up,
It was ordered to a third reading.
And, having being read a third time, and the
question being on its final passage—
Mr. CULLOM asked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered; and, being taken, were—yeas 77,
nays 7G.
So the hill wtis passed.
The bill for the, relief of the owner and crew of
the schooner •* Henrietta1' coming up,
It wa.s ordered to ti third rending.
And having been read a third time, and the ques-
tion being on its final passage-—
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON demanded the yeas and
nays, which were ordered; and being taken, were
—yeas 7G, nays 86,
So the bill was rejected.
Mr. BRODHEAD moved a reconsideration of
the vote.
And the question being taken, the House refused
to reconsider the vote-
Mr. REID moved a suspension of the rules, to
enable, hiin to submit a motion fixing the daily hour
of the meeting of the House at 10 o'clock.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and, being ta-
ken, were—yeas 83, nays 80.
So, two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended.
[A message was received from the President of
the United States, by the hands of J. JT. Walker,
Esq., his Private Secretary, informing the House
that the President had approved and signed certain
bilK]
The House resumed the consideration of bills on
the private calendar.
The bill for the relief of Elboume Allen coming
up on the question of engrossment,
Mr. HUNGER FORD sent to the Clcik's table
certain papers, (which were read,) to show that
Mr. Allen had no valid claim whatsoever.
After some conversation between Mr. DANIEL
nod Mr. E. II. EWJNGr, and after ineffectual mo-
tions to recommit and to postpone,
The question was taken, and the bill was re-
jected.
Mr. MORSE moved a reconsideration of the
vote by which the bill for the relief of the owner
and crew of the schooner " Florilla" had been
passed.
Mr. WTNTHROPdemanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered,and, being taken, were—yeas
75, nnv« 87.
So the vote was not. reconsidered.
The bill for the relief of J . W. Nye, assignee of
Peter Tlnrgy, jr., and Hugh Stewart, coming up
on the question of engrossment—
Mr. JACOIJ THOMPSON called for the rend-
ing of the report.
But the House refused to have it read.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON then spoke briefly
m opposition to the bill, (yielding for explanation
to Mr. RmxKF.mioFF.)
Mr. A. D. SIMS supported the bill.
Mr. BOWLIN opposed it.
The question on the engrossment of the bill was
then taken, and the vote stood—yeas 59, nays 79.
So the bill was rejected.
The SPEAKER corrected an error which had
Mr. STANTON, under instruction from the (          
Committee on Naval Affairs, asked leave to intro- || taken plaee in the annunciation of the vote by
ducc a resolution providing that five thousand extra !| which the hill for the relief of the owner and crew
copies of the report submitted from that committee ,, of the schooner "Florilla" had been passed. The
on the 20th instant, in relation to steam and iron i vote had been announced as 77 yeas, 76 nays,
frigates, be printed. ;j The true state of the vote was yeas 77, nays 77—
W«iona having been made, |: a tie. The Speaker now voted in the negative,
Mr. DARRACxil moved a suspension of the 1 making the vote stand yeas 77, nays 78.
So the bill was rejected.
And the SPEAKER announced that the subse-
quent proceeding on the motion of the gentleman
from Louisiana [Mr. Mors&] to reconsider,-were
a nullity; inasmuch as that gentleman, under the
true state of facts, having voted with the minority,
and not with the majority, had no power under
the rule to make the motion.
Some conversation followed on a point of order*
which led to no action.
And the House adjourned,
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were pre-
sented, under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
By Mr. JEFFERSON DAVIS: The petition of citizens of
Kemper county, Mia-d^ippi, praying the establishment of a
mail-route: referred tio the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
liy Mr. WILLIAMS : Tho petition of citizens of Calais,
Maine, for making n port of entry at that place within the
collection district of ra-isamaqiioddy: referred to the Com-
mittee mi Commerce.
liy Mr. I. E. IIO.LM.ES: The memorial of the Marino So-
ciety of Charleston, praying that some provision bo made
tor American captains in dir-trossin foreign porta.
By Mr. M. L. MARTIN: Thcpetition of citizens of Dodge
county, praying the establishment ©fa mail-route from VVa-
tertown to Fond riu Lac, in the Territory of Wisconsin.
Abo, the remonstrance of the Stoekbrulge Indians against
the nmoat of the act making them citizens of the United
States.
My Mr. R. SMITH: The remonstrance of 73 citizens of
Maine settlement, in Madison county, Illinois, against a
land appropriation for completing tho Cumberland road, and
praying an appropriation of money from the treasury; and
that tho work be prosecuted an heretofore by tin; General
Government: referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the State of the Union.
By the SPEAKER: The petition of David Slater and
throe hundred citizens- of Iowa Territory, praying that there
may he formed a now Territory, to commence at the 42d
parallel, and to extern! to tiio northern boundary of the
Untied States, to Ikj culled the Docota Territory. Also, Uu?
resolutions of a large meeting held in .Dulmnue and Iowa
Tertitory on the name subject; referred to the Committee oh
Territoiio*.
liy Mr. MORSE: The petition of Elijah Cannon, praying
to be confirmed ru the po^ession ol"a certain tract of land;
referred to tho Committee on Private Land Claim*.
By Mr. tiCAMMON: Tho petition of Humimh Norton, of
Lemingtou, Maine, widow of Nathaniel Norton, praying for
a pension on account of the services of her husband during
the revolutionary war; referred to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pension*.
By Mr. GARVIN: The petition of John Forest, an invalki
soklier; referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
IN SENATE.
Monoay, tMay 25, 184G.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives announcing that said House had passed
sundry private bills,
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented a memorial
from citizens of Middlesex county, Connecticut,
praying an alteration in the rates of newspaper
postage, and opposing any change in the rates of
letter postage; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the proceedings of
a public meeting of citizens of New York, in rela-
tion to the existing1 war with Mexico, and tender-
ing their services m its prosecution.
In presenting the above, Mr. D. said;
Mr. President: I have the honor to present
the proceedings of a public meeting recently held
in the city of New York, in view of the existing
state of war between the IJniled States and Mexi-
co. It has been, and doubtless truly, represented
as one of the largest, most enthusiastic, and patri-
otic meetings ever known to that great city; and
to one acquainted with its people, the proceedings
show that every business interest and political di-
vision was not only represented, but merged in
one great party, having only for its object the in-
terest and honor of our country; as an earnest of
which, they tender to the Government every facil-
ity afforded by that city for carrying on the war
vigorously, as will appear from the resolutions.
1 will not deny, Mr. President, that, in present-
ing these proceedings, as a representative of New
York, 1 experience a degree of pride and gratifica-
tion which no language can adequately describe.
These proceedings warmly commend the action of
the Government; and I avail myself of the occa-
sicm to say that the bill which received the action
of Congress recently, and is now a law, has my
entire approbation, and would have had my vote
had I been present.
In presenting the proceedings of this meeting,
