858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M
straits, and by Ions: deep chasms, to which navi-
gators have given the name of canals. Phis long
checker-board of islands, and the -waters which
contain them, have been the theatre of maritime
discovery to many nations, and especially Span-
ish, British, and Russian; but, except the Rus-
sians, no nation made permanent settlements on
any of these islands; and they only as low down
as latitude 55. The British and Spaniards both
abandoned Vancouver's Island after the Nootka
Sound controversy; and from that time had no
settlement of any kind on the coast, or islands,
north of Cape Mendocino, latitude 41°; and the
British had none anywhere. In this state of the
case the question came on between Russia, Great }
Britain, and the United States, in which the dis- |
tinction between the islands and the continent was !
acknowledged by all the Powers, and Russia ex- '
eluded 1'iom the continent, and confined to the j
islands, because her discoveries and settlements !
were not continental, but insular. The convention '
with Russia (British and American) of 1824-25 :
were framed upon that principle; and now 1
proceed to read the instructions from our Govern-
ment under which this distinction between the I
islands and the continent was asserted and main- j
tamed. I read from i\lr. Adams's despatch to Mr. i
Middleton, July 1823: ;
'•If never lia^ been admitted, by the various Fluiopean 1
nation* whiVli have lot mod M>tUomont-  in this* hemisphere,
that the occupation of an island ijave any claim whatever to J
teiritonal pos.ve^sions on the continent to which it was ad- «
joinmn. The rocojjnisrd punciplu bus rather boon the le- :
veiae; as, by the law of nature, mu<t rather ho [
conMderod as appui tenant to continents, than continents to ;
islands." i
And again, in Mr. Middleton's communications !
to the Russian Government:
w The Itu^ians have an establishment upon the inland of
Sitka, in latitude o7° 30'. TJjh fort, built in I71H), iviy de-
stroyed tluee year.-! alter by the natives of the rountrv, and
re-established in 1801 hv Mr. Iiisiankt, who called it New
Archangel. Jlu^ia cannot, liowevoi, ;u,ul heiM-If of the
eireuin-itanee of that po-fse^ion to fotm a found.itiort for
rights on the continent, the inage of nations never having
established that the occupation of an v>t<mrf could jjive rights
upon a neighboring conthimt. The principle i>, lather, that
the ishouim ought to be considered as appendant to the conti-
nent, than the inverse of the proposition."
These were the instructions to our Minister,
under which we treated with Russia in 1824, and
upon which the conventions of that period were
formed. They establish the fact that tliese islands
in front of the northwest coast were considered a
separate geographical division of the country, gov- '
erned by national law applicable to islands; and ,
that, discoveries nmoii£ them, even peifccted by
settlement,'gave no claims upon the continent.
This is the way the two Powers settled with Rus- ,
sia. Applying the same principle to themselves,
and no discovery of Vancouver's Island, or any
one of the thousand islands alon:; that coast, can ;
give any territorial churns on the continent. 1 J
have considered if a cardinal error, in all the recent
discussions on Oieicon, to botlom continental ;
claims upon the^e insular discoveries. The Span- j
iard-*,as so well shown in the speech of the Sena- !
tor from JNew York, jMr. Dix,] were the prede- ;
cessors of the I'ritHi in these discoveries; but 1 did j
not understand him as claiming the continent out
to the Rocky Mounlams, and up to 54° 40', by :
virtn'4 of tlu^c maritime discoveries, and I am very
sure that I limited my own sanction of his views
to the tracks of the ships which made the discov-
eries. I consider Spanish discoveries alon:t that ■
coast as dominant over the British, both for prior-
ity of date and for the spirit of ownership in which
they were made. The Spaniards explored as
masters of the country, looking after their own
extended and contiguous possessions and to which .
no limit had r\er been placed: the British explored
jii the character of adventurers, seeking new lands ,
m a distant region. Neither made permanent net- ,
tlemcnts; both abandoned; and, now, I see noth- !
ing, either in the value or the title of these islands,
for the two nations to fiffht about. The principle
of convenience ami mutual good will, so magnani-
mously proposed by the Emperor Alexander in
Jwy3, seems to me to be properly applicable to these
desolate islands, chiefly valuable^ for harbors,
which are often nothing but volcanic chasms, too
deep for anchorage and too abrupt for approach.
In the discussions of 1824, so far aa they were not
settled, they were considered appurtenant to the
continent, instead of the continent being held ap-
purtenant to them; and the reversal of this princi-
ple, I apprehend, has been the great error of the
recent discussions, and has led to the great mistake
in relation to Frazer's river. I dismiss the ques-
tion, then, as to this geographical division oi the
country, with saying that our title to these islands
is better than that of the British, but that neither is
perfect for want of settlement; and that now, as
proposed in 1834, they should follow the fate of the
continental divisions in front of which they lie.
Frazer's river and its valley, known in north-
western geography as New Caledonia, is the next
division of the disputed country to which I shall
ask the attention of the Senate. It is a river of
about a thousand miles in length, (following its
windings,) rising in the Rocky Mountains, oppo-
site the head of the Unjigab, or Peace river, which
ilows into the Frozen ocean in latitude about 70.
The course of this river is nearly north and south,
rising in latitude 55, flowing south to near latitude
49, and along that parallel, and just north of it, to
the Gulf of Georgia, into which It falls behind Van-
couver's Island. The upper part of this river is
good for navigation; the lower half, plunging
tluough volcanic chasms in mountains of rock, is
wholly unnavi&able for any spccics of craft. This
river was discovered by Sir Alexander Mackenzie
in 1793, was settled by the Northwest Company
in 1806, and soon covered by their establishments
from head to mouth. No American or Spaniard
had ever left a track upon this ri\er or its valley.
Our claim to it, as far us I can see, rested wholly
upon the treaty with Spain of 1810; and her claim
rested wholly upon those discoveries among the
islands, the value of which, as conferring claims
upon the continent, it has been my province to
show in our negotiations with Russia in 1824. At
the time that we- acquired this Spanish claim to
Prater's river, it had already been discovered
twenty-six years by the British; had been settled
by them for twelve years; was known by a British
name; and no Spaniard had ever made a track on
its banks. New Caledonia, or "Western Caledo-
nia, was the name which it then bore; and it so
happens that nn American citizen, a native of Ver-
mont, respectably known to the Senators now
present from that State, and who had spent twen-
ty years of his life in the hyperborean regions of
Northwest America, iu publishing an Account of
his' travels and sojournings in that quarter, actually
published u description of this New Caledonia, as
a British province, at the very moment that we
were getting it from Spain, and without the least
suspicion that it belonged to Spain! 1 speak of
Mr. David Tiarmon, whose Journal of Nineteen
Years' Residence, between latitudes 47 und 58 in
Northwestern America, was published at Andovcr,
in his native Slate, in the year the precise
year after we had purchased this New Caledonia
from the Spaniards. I read, not from the volume
it.self, which is not in the library of Congress, but
from the London Quarterly Review, January No.,
1W22, as reprinted at Boston; article, Western
Caledonia.
" The descent of the Pence nver through a deep chasm m
the Rocky Mount,un- fin-t opened a pa^nucte to the adventur-
er* above mentioned into the unexplored country behind
them, to which they «ave the name of New Caledonia—a
, name, however, winch, being ;itr<*ady occupied by the Aiw-
\ irala^ians, might advantageously he changed to that of IVcit-
; cm CiiU'ilonia. ThH pawsa^e hes in latitude 50° 30'. Mac-
kenzie had crossed the Koeky efmm many yean before m
! latitude and descended a huye river llovvtng to tlie
j f-'outhwaid, named Taeontehe Te^sd, which lie conceived
J to he the Columbia; but it is now known to empty itself
! about Hncir« Bav o| Vancouver, m latitude 40°; whereas
I tin* month of the Columbia li« s in 40° 35'. Another river,
I railed the Caledonia, (J'razui's river,) holding a parallel
. course to the 'J\ eou<<he T<vn6, (Columbia,) f.tllM into the
j sea nem the Admnalty Inlet oi Vancouver, in latitude 46°,
i and torms a natural boundary between the new territory of
] < :«xl< dom.i and the United State*, (ailing in precisely with a
J continued hue on the name parallel with the Lake of the
j Wood1*, and leaving about two devices of latitude between
i it and the Columbia. Tu northern boundary may be taken
! in latitude .r>7", dose to the southornmo.-t of the Russian set-
j tlenient.s. The lenifth. th< refoie, will be about 550,and the
t breadth, from the mountains to the Paeifie, from 330 to 350
j geographical nub'.-..
j "The whole of this vnM country j« in fact so intersected
'i with overs and lake-, that Mr. Ilarmon think« one-sixth
, pait ofsis suiloru may be considered as water. The largest
jj of the latter yet veiled is named Stuart's lake, and id sup-
l priced to be about 400 miles in eircunifetence. A post has
;] been established ori it.s margin in latitude 54° 30' noith, !on-
'! jntude ]2.">° west. Fifty mile:? to the westward of this is
t Prazu's lake, about eighty or ninety miles in eireumfer-
ence: here, too, a po&t wa> established in 1806. A third, of
': MXtv or seventy mib-sin eireumfcrencc, has been named
i .VTeLcodS lake, on the «hore of which a fort haw been built
i in latnude .V/' north, longitude 124° west. The waters of
!j tlurf lake fall into the Peace river; those flowing out of the
,, other two are ^uppoced to empty tliemselve^into the Pacific,
!! and ate probably the two rivers pointed out by Vancouver,
near Pout Etesingion, as we had occasion to observe in a
former article. The immense quantity of salmon which an-
nually visit these two lakes, leave no doubt-whatever of
their communication with the Pacific; and the absence of
this fish from McLeod's lake, makes it alueoat equally cer-
tain that its outlet is not into that ocean. The riv.er flowing
out of Stuart's lake passes through the populous tribes o<
the Nate-ote-tains, who say that white people come up in
large boats to trade with the A-te-naa, (a nation dwelling
between them and the sea,) which was fully proved by the
guns, iron pots, cloth, tar, and other articles found in their
possession.
" Mostofthe mountains ,of Western Caledonia are clothed
with timber, trees to their very summits, consisting princi-
pally of spruce and other kinds of fir, birclt, poplar, aspen,
cypress, and, generally speaking, all those which are found on
the opposite side of the Rocky Mountains. Thelarge animals
common to North America, such as buffalo, elk, moose, rein-
deer, bears, See., are not numerous in this new territory;
but there is no scarcity of the beaver, otter, wolverine,
martPti, foxes of different kinds, and the rest of the fur ani-
mals, any more than of wolves, badeers, and polecats; fowls,
nlso, of all the descriptions founcf in North America, are
plentiful in Western Caledonia; cranes visit them in pro-
digious numbers, as do swans, bastards, geese, and ducks."
This is the account given by Mr. Harmon of
New Caledonia, and given of it by him at the ex-
nct moment that we were purchasing the Spanish
title to it! Of this Spanish title, of which the
Spaniards never heard, the narrator seems to have
heen as profoundly ignorant as the Spaniards were
themselves; and made his description of New Cal-
edonia as of a British possession, withoutany more
reference to an adverse title than if he had been
speaking1 of Canada. So much for the written de-
scription: now let us look at the map, and see how-
it stands there. Here is a map—a 54° 40' map—
which will show us the features of the country, and
t.hc names of the settlements upon it. Here is
Prazer's river, running from 55° to 49°, and here
is a lino of British posts upon it, from Fort Mc-
Leod, at its head, to Port Langley, at its mouth,
and from Thompson's Fork, on one side, to Stu-
m-fa Fork on the other. And here are clusters of
British names, imposed by the British, visible every-
where—Forts George, St. James, Simpson, Thomp-
son, Frazcr, McLood, Langley, and others: rivers
and lakes with the same names, and others; and
here is Deserter's Creek, so named by Mackenzie,
because his guide deserted him there in July, 1793;
and here is an Indian village which he named
Friendly* because the people were the most friend-
ly to strangers that he had ever seen; and here an-
other called Rascals' village, so named by Macken-
zie fifty-three years ago, because its inhabitants
were the most rascally Indians he had ever seen;
and here is the repicsentation of that famous bound-
ary line 54° 40', which is supposed to be the exact
boundary of American territorial rights in that
quarter, and which happens to include the "whole
of New Caledonia, except McLcod's fort, and the
half of Stuart's lake, and a spring, which is left
to the British, while we take the branch which
flows from it. This line takes all in—river, lakes,
forts, villages. See how it goes! Starting at
the sea, it gives us, by a quarter of an inch on the
map, Fort Simpson, so named after the British
Governor Simpson, and founded by the Hudson
Bay Company. Upon what principle we take this
British fort I know not—except it be on the as-
sumption that our sacred right and title being ad-
justed to a minute, by the aid of these 40 minutes,
so appositely determined by the Emperor Paul's
charter to a fur company in 1799, to b6 on this
straight lino, the bad example of even a slight devi-
ation from it at the start should not be allowed even
to snare a British fort away up at Point Mclntyre,
in Chatham Sound. On this principle we can un-
derstand the inclusion, by a quarter of an inch on
the map, of this remote and isolated British post.
The cutting in two of Stuart's lake, which the line
does as it runs, is quite intelligible: it must be on
the principle stated in one of the fifty-four-forty
papers, that Great Britain should not have one drop
of our water; therefore we divide the lake, each
taking their own share of its drops. The fate of
the two forts, McLeod and St. James, so near to
each other and so far off from us, united all their
lives, and now so unexpectedly divided from each
other by this line, is less comprehensible; and I
cannot account for the difference of their fates, un-
less it is upon the law of the day of judgment,
"when, of two men in the field, oi?e shall be taken
and the other left, and no man be able to tell the
: reason why. All the rest of the inclusions of Brit-
I ish establishments which the line makes, from head
to mouth of Frazer's river, are intelligible enough:
they turn upon the principle of all or none.—upon
the principle that every acre and every inch, every
