86*2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
May'25,
sive or convincing that testimony may be. But 1
have still a piece of British test imony in hand suffi-
ciently respectable to be quoted after Mr. Canning,
and sufficiently coincident in time and terms to
identify the Minister's answer with public opinion
at the time, that the extent of the British claims
stated to Mr. Hush in January, 1824, was the
opinion of the public as well as of the Minister. It
is found in the London Quarterly Review, October
number, IfcfcW. It is in discussing the boundaries
of New Caledonia, for which he proposes on the
south the line of the Lake of the Woods to the sea;
u Anotbei river, called the Caledonia, (Frazer's,) holding
a parallel course to the Tacoutehe Te>se, (Columbia,) tails
into tno sea near the Admiralty Inlet of Vancouver, in lati-
tude B, and form* a natmal boundary between the new tor-
ritorv (Western Caledonia) and that of the United Suite*,
ami tailing m precisely with a continued line with the sanif
puullel with the Lake of the Woods, and leaving about two
d -trroes oi latitude between it and the Columbia."
So said the Quarterly Review in Jnuuary, lSd2,
No. 72, article "Western Caledonia."
I sat out to establish, upon the admissions of
Great Britain herself, our right to the Columbia
river and its valley. I have done more. 1 luive
established her admission to the line of 49, ginns;
us near three decrees on the coast, the \(uuat>le
waters about the Straits of Fuca and X^ugut's Sound,
and the whole Olympic district, 110 part of all which
is in the valley of the Columbia.
We thus see that, 111 1&!4, the British Govern-
ment, by authentic acts, and by the language of
Mr. Canning, admitted our right to the mcranil
valley of the Columbia; and, what was better, lim-
ited their claim to 49. At the same time we see
that our Government was offering 49; so that the
two Governments were of accord, and the question
is, why they did not agree? The documents fur-
nish the answer to this question, and a strange
answer it is. Nothing else than a love of partner-
ships, and a desire to go into partnership with
Russia and Great Britain 111 the use of all the coun-
try beyond the Rocky Mountains, each enjoying
the use of the whole in common with the others,
and the title to remain in abeyance. The Emperor
of Russia, like a wise man, declined all share in
this mixed concern, got his own part laid off to
himself, and lias enjoyed it ever since in peace and
quietness. The British Government, like another
wise man, accepted our proposal, went into part-
nership with us, took the use of the whole to her-
self, and now claims it as her own. We were the
the only unwise in the transaction, and our im-
providence, so \ isible to everybody now, seen only
by myself then, evidently lesultcd from the under-
estimate of the country, which was then so univer-
sal. By our proposal of' partnership, ue pievented
the settlement of the boundary, tuid put a Tower
stronger than ourselves in possession oi' our prop- j
trty—a Power which has kept it so long that it j
begins to dream that it is its own; and now we aie
raising fleets and armies, and preparing to set the ,
four corners of the world on lire, to get lum out j
Hgaiil. 1 had had the \ unity to denounce, it the (lay j
I "hist heaid of it, 111 the year lbl8, and thought I j
war, doing something. I e\en published my denun- ;
elation 10 ariieles uhuli 1 deemed quite sensible, I
and expected to make a great sensation. On the
contrary, not one responsive note was obtained
liom the thousand newspapeis which the United
States contained; and 1 found myself as Military
then in advance of the public as I atn now behind
it.
I trust that I have made good our title, and
that upon British admissions, to the Columbia j;
river ami its valley, modified by the line of li treelu. 1
Up to that line, if it becomes necessary, 1 am wjl- |
ling to fight; but, before lighting, 1 want to talk— j.
to talk understandingly, with a knowledge of the |i
subject—and to talk lighteously, with the great j
maxim before nie: Ask nothing but what is right
sitl an it to nothing that is wrong. Upon tins pnn-
ciple I have now spoken, whether wisely, it is not j
for me to say; bu! it is not newly—it is not new
talk with me. Twenty-eight years ago, I wrote ,
what I now speak. Eighteen years ago, anil when j;
I had already been eight yeais a member of this
body, 1 submitted a resolution in relation to this j
Oregon question, which I have seen no reason to j
retract or modify since that time, and which may j;
stand for the text of my speech this day. It was j
in these words: r
" Revolved, That it is not expedient for llic Government of j i
the United States to tieat with hw Biitanmc Majesty ill iel- I j
erence to their territorial ckunis and boundaries we&t of the j |
iiocky Mountains, upon the basis of a joint occupation by j!
the citizens of the United States and subjects of Great Brit-
ain of the country claimed by each Power.
" Rcsolvcdy That it is expedient for the Govormnent of the
United States to treat with his Britannic Majesty in refer-
ence to their said claims and boundaries, upon the Iwisis of a
separation of interests, and the establishment of the 49th
degree of north latitude as a permanent boundary between
them, in the shortest possible time."
It was in the session of 1827-'28, and before the
ratification of the second partnership convention—
the one we are now determined to get rid of even
at the price of war—and with the view of prevent-
ing the ratification of that convention, tnat this
resolution was submitted. It presented my view
of the settlement of this question, namely, no part-
nerships, the immediate establishment of a bound-
ary, and the 49th parallel for that boundary. They
are my views now; and, having-said enough against
partnerships, and enough iu favor of settling upon
some line, I go on to give my reasons in favor of
that of forty-nine.
It is the line which parts, more suitably than a
line following their high lands could do it, the val-
leys of the Columbia and of Frazer's river, saving
to us all our discoveries and settlements beyond
the Rocky Mountains, and leaving to the British
the whole of theirs. It is a continuation of the
line on this side of the mountains—a line which
happens to conform to the geographical features of
the continent on this side of the mountains, and
equally so on the other. On this side, it parts the
two systems of waters, one of which belongs to
the valley of the Mississippi, and the other to the
basin of Hudson's Bay; on the other side, it parts
the system of waters which belong to the valley of
the Columbia from those which belong to Eraser's
river, culling oif the heads of a few streams, of
about equal value on each hand. It is the line of
Utrecht—a line which will now be denied but by
few—and to which few nothing more on this point
will ever be said by me. it is the line of uiuut,
resulting from the treaty of Utrecht; and as such
always looked to, m the early stages of tins con-
troversy, both by British and American statesmen,
as the ultimate line of settlement and boundary
between the countries. It is the line of rig7t/, re-
sulting from tiie said treaty of Utrecht, up to
which Mr. Adams, in his despatch to Mr. Middle-
ton, of July 19, 1823, alleged an " unquestionable
title" to extend; for only upon that treaty could a
line of" unquestionable title" be averred. On any
other basis, it could only be a line of convention—
a conventional line of mutual agreement; and Mr.
Adams was not a man to confound two things so
different, ui their nature, it is the best line for us;
lor il gives us all the waters of i'uget's Sound and
Bellingham's Bay—I do not say the Straits of
Fuca, (for those straits, like all the other great
straits in the world, are part of the high seas, and
incapable of self-appropriation by any nation;) it
gives us these waters, and with them tiie pictur-
esque and fertile square, of more than a hundred
miles everyway, lying between the Straits of Fuca
and the Columbia, and between the Pacific coast,
and the Cascade range of mountains, and of which
Mount Olympus, near the centre, is the crowning
ornament, and from which the whole district de-
rives iis classic name of Olympic.
All this the line of the treaty of Utrecht gives
us, which the line of the valley of the Columbia
would not; for that river has no valley at its mouth,
and enters the sea through a gap m the iron-bound
coast. The volley of that river is a fan expand-
ed, the spreading part in the liocky Mountains,
the handle in the sea. it is the best line for the
British, for it gives them the upper part of the
north fork of the Columbia, where it heads oppo-
site the Athabasca and Saskatchiwmc—British
rivers, and covered by British posts—and from
all which the valley of Frazer's river would he
cut off from communication if the head of the
Columbia remained in our hands, just as Halifax
was cut off from Qitebce by the northern waters
of the St. John's. Thus, the line of right—
the line of lJtrecht--is the best for both parties,
giving to each what is convenient and necessary
to it, (for the triangle at the head of the Colum-
bia is as necessary to them as the Olympic square
is to us,) and taking from each a detached dis-
trict, of little value except for annoyance. The
British could annoy us in the Olympic district; we
could annoy them at the head of the Columbia;
but why do it, except upon the principle of laying-
eggs to hatch future disputes1, upon the Machiavcl-
lun principle of depositing the seeds of a new con-
testation while assuming to settle the mischiefs of
an old one ? Forty-nine is the line which Mr. -
Jefferson proposed in 1807, as I have shown here-
tofore to the Senate. It is the line of which Mr.
Gallatin and Mr. Rush said in 3.818:
" The forty-ninth degree of north latitude had, jn pur-
suance of the treaty of Utrecht, been fixed, indefinitely, as
the line between the British northern possessions and those
of France, including Louisiana, now a part of our territo-
ries. There was no reasom why, if the two countries ex-
tended their claims westward, the same line should not be
continued to the Pacific Ocean. So far as discovery gives a
claim, ours to the whole country on the waters of the Co-
lumbia river was indisputable."
It is the line of all the American statesmen,
without exception, twenty and forty years a^o. It
was the line of Mr. Canning in 18^3. It is the
line for the rejection of which by-Mr. Pakenham,
without reference to his Government, Sir Robert
Peel has lately, and publicly, and in the face of
the world, expressed regret. It is a line which we
have never presented as an ultimatum; which we
have often proposed gently, and which the British
have as often gently shoved aside, because they
saw, from our own coetaneous propositions, that
they could do better, and get the whole, at least for
n long time, under our own delusive project of
joint usufruction. But now all this gentle and de-
lusive work is done with. The joint use is to
terminate—events advance—and the question must
be settled now by reason and judgment, or it will
soon settle itself by chance and arms. Forty-nine
is the line of right with me; and, acting upon the
second half of (lie great maxim, Submit to noth-
ing wrong! I shall submit to no invasion or en-
croachment upon that line.
Senators may now see the reason why, for
twenty-five years, I have adhered to the line of
Utrecht. It is the line of right, which gives to
us the Olympic district and its invaluable waters,
and secures to us the river and valley of the Co-
lumbia. It is the fighting line of the United States.
The Union can be rallied on that line!
Mr. B. having spoken until half past three o'clock
P. M., without concluding, gave way for a motion
to go into Executive session.
Mr. B. said, that to-morrow they would, in all
probability, take up the bill supplemental to the
act providing for, the prosecution of the existing
war between the United States and the Republic
of Mexico, and he would conclude his remarks on
the following day, if agreeable to the Senate.
The VICfc PIUCSfDENT then ordered the gal-
leries to be cleared, and, after some time spent in
Executive session—
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Momoay, May 25, 1846.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
Mr. BR1NKEUIIOFF moved that the rules of
the House be suspended, to enable hnn to offer the
following joint resolution*, which was read for in-
formation:
Be it. resolved bj the Senate and House of Representatives
of the Untied Slate s of America in Ooii^rc^ assembled, That
the thanks oi Uonijress aie due, and are hereby tendered, u>
Bievet Brigadier General.Zachary Taylor, commanding tlio
auny of occupation, ins oihcers and men, for the fortitude,
bkili, enterprise, and courage which have distinguished the
recent brilliant operations en tiie Rio Grande.
Jhvlhe.it further resolved, That the President be, and is
hereby, authorized and directed to cause to be paid to each
non-commissioned officer, musician, and private, belonging
to said army on the 9th instant, one month's additional pay,
io be paid out of any money in the treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
Mr. WINTIIROP begged leave to inquire of the
honorable member from Ohio whether any offi-
cial despatches in regard to the recent affair on
the Rio Grande had yet been received? He was
under the impression that it would be somewhat
premature, if not altogether unparliamentary, to
adopt any action on the subject until these de-
spatches had been received, and their general
purport communicated to Congress by the Presi-
dent. Mr. W. would unite most cordially in any
testimonials of gratitude to General Taylor and his
troops for their good conduct and gallantry. But
he thought it would be better to wait for an official
authentication of the accounts.
The SPEAKER said debate was not in order.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF suggested that the pies
might be suspended and the resolution received.
It might then, if gentlemen desired it, be informally
passed over until official communications should
have been received.
