TIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
§9TH. Congress^ 1ST SESSIGST.
SATURDAY, MAY 30, 1846.
est ranlc. - It w.ould not do .to say that it misftt
very. well be left, to the head of the .Government.
H^.was unwilling to put it in the power of any
officer of "the Government to do an injustice. He
would not place such a, discretion in the hands of
even a political friend. ,The bill proposed that
four Brigadiers General should be appointed by
the President, leaving it entirely discretionary with
him to take men from private life and place them
over the head of Colonel Taylor, who was now
also a Brigadier General by brevet, and who had
won for himself, by hie gallant conduct in the field,
the soubriquet of (i Old Rough and Ready;" giving
- to the Executive the option to appoint his own par-
tisans in the place of tried and gallant officers of
long experience and distinguished merit. He did
notjneari to say that such would be the case, for
when it came to the shedding of blood there was
no great disposition to thrust forward favorites and
friends, though the case wqg otherwise when the
loaves and fishes were to be divided. What sort
of encouragement would there be in this for men
to devote themselves to the service of the country?
He was opposed to this whole movement, and pro-
tested against it. He hoped, before the Senate
passed any bill of this sort, that they would require
at the hands of the President that he would give
the preference to those men who had stood forth in
defence of the country and nobly sustained her
honor and glory. If the principle contemplated
by the amendment was to be adopted, he hoped the
Senator would so modify that amendment, that the
dismissal from the service at the close of the war
would only apply to the noni homines—to those
ta]{en from private life, if any such should lie ap-
pointed.
Mr. PEA.RCE aaid he was not at all satisfied of
the necessity for creating these general officers.
On turning to the army list for J84G, he found
there were already eight officers bearing general's
commissions. In the last war, we had sixty-two
thousapd troops and twenty-four general officers.
Now, with the addition [contemplated to be made
to the rank and file of the army, there would be
about fifteen thousand, and there .were now eight
general officers; every body could sec at once that
the proportion-qras much greater now than it was
then. He was unwilling'-to increase the number
of general officers until an, exigency migiit arise in
which an increase would Be absolutely requisite.
Mr. MILLER mojved to amend the amendment
of fhe Senator .from Missouri, by striking out, all
after the, word "provided,!'and inserting "that
said appointment shall be made from the officers
of the .army." His object in offering this amend-
ment (he said) was .to test the sense of the Senate
upon the point, as;to whether the general officers
to be appointed .under this bill were to be taken
from the army or from amongst the citizens at
large. . This ho considered an important question
in the. present condition of our affairs. We were
now engaged in a war, the termination of which
no -man could foresee. Our citizens, as was always
the case when their country demanded their ser-
vices, were volunteering to go to the scene of con-
flict; and it was the intention of the Executive, he
understood, to have, in the course of a few weeks,
from twenty to thirty thousand soldiers on the
banks of the Rio Grande del Norte, for the pur-
pose of invading Mexico. ,It became an important
question, then, who should take the command of
this army .and conduct its-movements.
They had officers who had -been trained in a
school that, .had been established by the Govern-
ment; and he could say, without the fear of contra-
diction, thafc there was not a better.corps of officers
in the civilized world, from lieutenants up to com-
manding generals. If any evidence-of this were
wanting, they had it now in the reports of tie com.
manding general of the, army on the Rio Grande.
Look at that little army*, sent there, in the first in--
stance, without knowing what they were going for;
a thousaijd miles from the place whence their sup-
plies were, to be dra.wn, thrown upon the borders
of an enemy's country, and suddenly compelled, to
defend the honor and the glory uf their country
against a superior force. The officers of oui little
55
army on that occasion, as had been well said by
the Senator from Kentucky, displayed a skill, tal-
ent, and valor, equal to those of the most distin-
guished warriors that the world ever produced.
"Without disparaging the gallantry of the troops, it
might be said that it was the conduct of the offi-
cers which secured the victory over such immense-
ly disproportionate numbers.
The question now presented was, whether the
general officers to be appointed were to be taken
from that class of citizens who were already skilled
and experienced in (he art of warfare, or from
amongst the citizens at large. He was not willing
that men should be appointed without knowing
the.y were qualified for the appointments. He was
not for experimenting in such a case. And there
was another thing to be taken into consideration:
they were about to commence a peculiar war,
such a war as this country had never before been
engaged in—a war of aggression, of invasion, of
conquest. Whenever an invasion of our own soil
took place, there was no American who would not
rush to the field of battle; but they were now about
to send an army to invade a foreign country. This
kind of warfare required experienced generals, and
ho thought it was of the highest importance, there-
fore, that the selections should be made from among
those who had devoted their lives to the service.
Besides, it would be but an act of justice towards
those officers who had gained experience from ac-
tual service, who had been exposed to the hard-
ships incident to the life of a soldier, that now,
when glory was to be won, tliey should have an
opportunity to signalize themselves and achieve
honor for their country.
Mr. ALLEN" rose and referred to the fact that
the bill had been reported by gentlemen well quali-
fied to form a correct judgment of the propriety of
its various provisions. The object was not to force
an increase of the general officers. It authorized
the appointments by the Executive, and it was
reasonable, to be supposed that he would make
them as the exigencies of the public service re-
quired. He should, therefore, vote for the increase
recommended.. He thought the amendments pro-
posed by the Senators from Missouri and New
jersey objectionable. That proposed by the Sen-
ator from Missouri appeared to him to be totally
unnecessary,' as the reduction of the army, both
as regarded officers and men, to the peace estab-
lishment standard, was an unavoidable conse-
quence. He (Mr. A.) would not reduce the army
in advance, by an indiscriminate rule applied to ail
officers before tliey had an opportunity of disco-
vering their talents, and enabling the country to
decide whether they were men to be retained in
the service or not. He thought it would be better
to let t.he result of the war itself determine the
proper legislation in the case. With regard to the
amendment of the Senator from New Jersey, it
was liable to a constitutional objection. Its prin-
ciple was the same as that voted down the other
day.
Mr. MILLER considered his amendment as
involving quite a different principle from that of
the appointment of officers to new regiments, to
which the Senator from Ohio, he supposed, had
alluded.
Mr. ALLEN thought the same principle was
involved in both; and, in his opinion, the consti-
tutional objection was too serious to be overlooked.
But there was a higher objection—it was this: that
the principle of excluding the whole body of the
American people in the organization of the army,
denationalized the army and paralyzed the confi-
dence of the nation in its own forces. When the
ranks were opened as wide as the ranks of the
people, the army was national. It excited the
hopes, it commanded the confidence, it stimulated
the ambition of all classes—all hearts—all the great
-spirits that were quietly stowed away in the hills
and valleys of this vast country, and who would
show themselves in time of war. He would say
nothing in disparagement of West Point or its ca-
dets. TBut it would appear that some thought that
a West point education was indispensable m order
to form a general. All he had to say was, that the
New Series....No. 55.
first military man this country ever produced—he
to whom the most renowned .general in Europe
presented a sabre as his superior in military genius
—he meant the father of his country—never was at
West Point. So it was with Greene. How was
it in the last war? Did the heroes who in various
forms received the proud reward of a nation's grat-
itude, find within the walls of West Point that
genius which enabled them to lead the American
armies to victory and triumph ? No. We would
not denationalize this army. He would not moke
the war the war of West Point and not the war of
the nation. He then went on to speak of the con-
stitutional power of the President as commander-
in-chicf. But the Constitution did not provide
that he should be educated at West Point. As to
the danger of making wrtmg selections, that was
just as liable to occur if the selections were to be
confined to the army. But was the assumption that
the President might make an improper selection, a
valid argument against giving him the constitu-
tional power? As to- the danger of-injustice to
General Taylor or any other meritorious officer, it,
was very remote indeed. He (Mr. A.) had the
evidence, and, if desired, could produce it, that the
President did not intend to make General Taylor
an example of presidential proscription. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky had also intimated, with some
degree of disapprobation, that the President in
making these appointments of officers in the army
had been influenced by political preferences. lie
(Mr. A.) knew well that there was no danger that
any appointments would be made on such ground.
In time of peace as well as war the Executive had
always disregarded political considerations in fill-
ing up the ranks of the army.
'Mr. M0IIEI1EAD asked if the allusion was
made to his remarks?
Mr. ALLEN replied that it was.
Mr. MOREHEAD then explained. 'He entirely
disclaimed any allusion to the President. He
thought he had excepted him in so many words;
and if he had not done so, he would do so now.
He trusted that the President would discharge his
duty with all fidelity.
Mr. ALLEN had no doubt that the President
would do so, not only in making the appointments,
but also in meting out the due award of honor to
each who earned it on the field of battle. He could
see 110 earthly objection in allowing the discretion
of the President to comprehend the whole Amer-
ican people. Let him select on his responsibility.
If he selected an incompetent man, the error would
soon manifest itself. But there was another argu-
ment in favor of the bill. A large draft had been
made upon the citizens of the country. The war
was one not to be conducted solely by the regular
troops, who had detached themselves more per-
manently from the body of the people. It was a
war to be prosecuted by the great public arm of
the country—by the citizen soldiery. It was meet
that the citizen soldiery should be commanded by
citizen officers. Experience had taught them that
considerable jealousy existed between the regular
troops and the citizen soldiery. The only way to
consolidate and nationalize them was to appoint
officers from the citizens to command the volun-
teers. If only for the moral effect, it was desirable
to allow the President to make these selections
from .the body of the people. He should there-
fore vote against the amendment.
Mr. MANGUM said he had very few remarks
to make: he rose principally to intimate that it was
his purpose to move at the proper time to strike
out the first section of the bill. He regretted that
the gentleman who, of all others, was presumed to
be the best informed upon matters of this kind—
the chairman of the Military Committee—had not
condescended to explain his views.
Mr. BENTON. It is altogether owing to a want
of sufficient activity to get possession of the floor.
Mr. MANGUM saia he regretted that inactivity
greatly. It did not become him to discourse of mat-
ters pertaining to war in the presence of that gentle-
man; but, as he had remarked yesterday, it struck
him upon the very first presentation of the case as
being wholly unnecessary to increase the number of
