1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
867
the bill. They would grow wiser by experience;
and if the war should last—which God forbid !—
they would see the propriety of having a provis-
ional army for short enlistment, kept a distinct
corps for all purposes of promotion and organiza-
tion, destined or expected to be temporary and oc-
casional in its use and character, but. nevertheless
officered by th^ Government of the United States
or the election of the soldiers and subordinate offi-
cers is considered advisable, just as well as by the
authority of this Government or of the States.
Then there would be difficulty expected in exe-
cuting the fourth section of the recent law—how-
ever modified by the present—in some of the
States. The President, by the law passed the
other day, was authorized to accept the services
■of volunteers by regiments, &c. In some of the
States the militia was local. It was so in the State
of Massachusetts. There might be—he did not
know that there was—some provision by which
the Governor might organize volunteer corps, but
they were annexed—attached. Their (Massachu-
setts) militia was a local system altogether. His
desire would be, then, that this bill would be made
amendatory of the other, so as to make suitable
provision for such cases.
Mr. CASS made a brief explanation in reply to
remarks of the Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr.
Simmons,] and then, as it was late in the day, the
.subject was passed over informally; and on mo-
tion, the Senate went into Executive session.
After a short time spent with closed doois, they
were opened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 26", 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
Mr. J. B. HUNT, from the Committee on Pub-
lic 'Lands, reported back (on leave) the Seriate bill
entitled "An act to "apply certain alternate sections
* of the public domain to works of internal im-
' provement m the State of Michigan," with
amendments.
The bill and amendments were lefcrred to ihe
Committee of the Whole on the State of the
Union.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the "Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Hopkins, of Virginia, in the
chair.)
THE ARMY OF OCCUPATION.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF moved that the unfin-
ished business of yesterday, being the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill, be laid aside for a
moment, in order to take up the joint resolution
introduced by him yesterday, tendering the thanks
of Congress to General Taylor and the army under
his command, for the recent operations on the Rio
Grande.
The resolution, he hoped, would occupy but a
moment.
Mr. HARALSON suggested the propriety of
delaying action on the resolution until the House
should have received (as probably it would do in
the course of the day) a communication from the
President of the United States covering copies of
the despatches recently forwarded to the Govern-
ment from the army of occupation. The House
could then act understaudingly on the whole sub-
ject, and give a proper direction to it. He trusted
it was well known that he had no disposition to
delay action on this matter. All he wished was
that the House should have the papers before it.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF waived his motion for
the present.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
The committee resumed the consideration of the
bill " making appropriations for the civil and diplo-
' matic, expenses of Government for the year end-
' ing the 30th day of June, 1847, and for other pur-
< poses."
The pending question was on the motion of Mr.
Boyd to amend the following item, to wit:
" For the election and completion of the marine
' hospitals at Pittsburg, Louisville, and Cleveland,
' fifty thousand dollars,''
By inserting after the word " Louisville" the
word "Padueah."
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. CROZIER advocated the amendment. Pa-
dueah was situated at the mouth of the Tennessee
river, and he therefore wished to say a word or
two on the amendment. He was glad it had been
moved, particularly considering the source from
which it camc. He recollected that when the mo-
tion had formerly been made by him for an appro-
priation for the improvement of the Tennessee
river, the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Boyd]
was all utter supineness—the most profound leth-
argy. He was glad the gentleman seemed now to
be roused so far as to be ready to stand up for the
rights of the people of the Tennessee valley. Be-
lieving that the present motion would operate as
an entering wedge to future measures for the im-
provement of that important stream, he should
give the amendment his most hearty support. If
the gentleman from Kentucky should advocate this
object with the fervor he was wont to display on
subjects which he advocated, Mr. C. had no doubt
of ultimate success; for his example could not hut
exert a powerful influence on other gentlemen who
were, or ought to be, interested in the improvement
of the river. He hoped, especially, that it would
have its due effect on a gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Houston*,] who, on the occasion he had
alluded to, had at first exhibited much life and ani-
mation in favor of the appropriation, and who had
advocated it by the employment of the celebrated
Socratie mode of argument, viz. by asking ques-
tions and putting inquiries calculated to bring out
facts, and so remove objections out of the way.
But greatly had Mr. C. been mortified on finding
that when the time for decision and for action
came, that gentleman assumed the attitude of a
most unmasterly inactivity; for, although present
in the House, and within the bar, he 'had voted
neither "ay" nor "no.'' He hoped, however,
that the example now set would not be wholly lost
upon him. 1< rom the course pursued by those
who should have been the friends of the measure,
but, who had, in the hour of need, proved them-
selves false friends, united with the open hostility
of its avowed enemies, the measure had been lost
under the overwhelming power of numbers.
Mr. C. could not suffer the occasion to pass
without indulging in this allusion to a course which
had appeared to him at the time somewhat, extra-
ordin.uy. He made these remarks in all good
feeling.
Mr. C. expressed his hope that on a question of
appropriation for rivers and harbors, they should
have the true issue presented to the people of Ten-
nessee. Heretofore, upon the stump, the mem-
bers of the Democratic party had declared that it
was an item of the creed of that, party to go dead
against all appropriations for the. improvement of
rivers and harbors. But how they could announce
such to be Democratic doctrine in Tennessee, and
yet when they came here found the Democrats of
Michigan, and the Democrats of Illinois, and the
Democrats of Pennsylvania and nf New York, and
of States sufficient to outnumber by far all the
Democracy of the South, declaring it to be Dem-
ocratic doctrine to go for rivers and harbors, Mr.
C. could not understand. In this House there
were fifty-one good Democrats who went for the
river and harbor bill. After this he hoped he
should hear no more of its being a part of the
Democratic creed to oppose all appropriations for
objects of that character. He wanted to have that
issue fairly made before the people of Tennessee.
He wanted to see whether these gentlemen would
undertake to strike out the bounds of the Dem-
ocratic party for all members of the party at the
North.
One of Ins colleagues had maintained that it
would be a great disadvantage to the people of
Tennessee to have a canal dug round the Muscle
Shoals; because they now had the markets of
Georgia and South Carolina, and that it was their
interest to keep out fiom access to that market
! the people of Indiana, and Illinois, and Missouri,
and Arkansas, lest they should share it with them.
He had heard that doctrinc advocated for these
twenty yeais. How illiberal, how narrow, how
short-sighted was such a view. He could demon-
strate, on the contrary, that the true interest of the
people of Tennessee was to throw down all bar-
riers and open the market to the whole West.
When Tennessee had a good crop, it would alone
glut the markets of Georgia; but he wanted to see
a great commercial emporium built up in the South.
If they could have all the products of Illinois, and
Indiana, and Missouri poured in by a free access
! from the West, such a city would rise there, and
would soon present a market not for Tennessee
only, not for the western States, but for the whole
world. Give East Tennessee a market like this,
and her prosperity would be secured. What they
wanted was more buyers; and if the obstacle of the
shoals was once removed, they would have access
to the markets of the whole world. In New York,
such was the competition for western products,
that wheat would bring $1 25 at the very time that
in East Tennessee it was selling for 37 cents. Had
they a great commercial city in the South, the
same rise in prices would soon take place there.
There was another reason why he felt so anx-
ious for the removal of this obstruction. His col-
league [Mr. St-anton] represented one of the best
iron districts in the United States. They could
make iron ten dollars a ton cheaper than it could
be mode in Pennsylvania, because of the cheap-
ness of provisions—corn being plenty at ten cents
the bushel. This cheapness was owing to the fact
that they had no market for their products. Re-
move this obstruction, and that want would vanish
with it. They, therefore, who set themselves in op-
position to the appropriation for that object ought,
if they understood the true interest of Tennessee,
to have been the first to vote in its favor. They
could send iron down the river, as well as by a
railroad, and far cheaper. They possessed as much
ingenuity, industry, and enterprise as any people,
and were sure of success, could they but enjoy a
fair competition.
When Mr. C. had moved an appropriation for
the Tennessee river, his colleague from the Mem-
phis district [Mr. Stanton] had, by his vote, sur-
prised all his friends, both Whigs and Democrats.
The gentleman had said he should vote for the bill.
This greatly surprised his Democratic friends; but
after swallowing the whole bill, the gentleman had
as greatly surprised his friends among the Whigs,
by declaring that he could not vote for the item for
Tennessee river.
The views expressed by the gentleman from Al-
abama [Mr. Houston] had done greater injury to
the success of an appropriation for the removal of
the obstacle in the navigation of Tennessee river
than any or all others that had been made.
Mr. C. had supposed that he had got a strong
hold upon the Democratic votes of the House when
he brought out the fact that this very object pf the
improvement, at the Muscle Shoals had been the
only item of internal improvement for which Mr.
Polk had voted when a member of the House of
Representatives; but, to his amazement, that gen-
tleman had repudiated the Baltimore Convention,
and every past act of the President. The gentle-
man had said that the President was a man of such
independent,firmness, that if this item for the Ten-
nessee river should be inserted in the bill, he would
certainly put his veto upon it. Such an intimation,
coming from such a quarter, was well understood;
and whether so intended or not, had done more to
defeat the appropriation than anything else brought
against it.
Mr. C. said he had discovered that gentlemen,
when they got here, instead of acting just as the
interests of their constituents required, first looked
to a certain white house about a mile from the Cap-
itol, and took their subsequent course accordingly.
Whisperings and inuendoes and hints were circu-
lating through the House, to the effect that if this
appropriation was in the bill, it would certainly be
vetoed, and these were traced particularly to his
colleague.
Mr. C. was anxious that this appropriation for
Padueah should carry. He hailed the appearance
of a ray of light breaking from so unexpected a
quarter. Padueah was situated at the mouth of
this impoitant stream, and was therefore destined
to be a great thoroughfare for the trade of the
West. He gave the gentleman from Kentucky
much'credit for his foreeaste: he seemed, in this,
to agree with the President, who in 1828 had acted
on the same anticipation. They both seemed to
have a prophetic spirit, and to have foreseen that
the produce of the West was destined at some fu-
ture day to seek that outlet to the ocean in prefer-
ence to the route by New Orleans. The Govern-
ment, however, moved at a snail's pace, and he
was glad that this matter of an appropriation for
Padueah had thus been taken in time. He hoped
the Democrats in the House would with one ac-
cord put their shoulders to the wheel.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, disclaimed any
