868
THE CONGRESSIONAL, GLOBE.
;Warm,.
intention of following the ^cut'enmn from Tennes-
see in nil Ilia windings and twistmgs. He hoped
he never should be found ready to follow any gen-
tleman whose whole aim seemed to be to build up
a little contemptible party interest and make a
small amount of political capital for his own ad-
vantage. What could have been the object of the
gentleman in In in;?. in this past transaction of an
appropriation for the IVlusde Shoals oil a question
of erecting a marine hospital >nt Padticah ? What-
ever might lune been the gentleman's object, he
might a«^uro himself of this, that he. could have
dune nothing more fatal to that which he professed
to have in view.
Air. II. went on to observe that the gentleman
seemed not a little disposed to represent a part of
Mr. ll.'s district, or at least supposed that Mr.
fl. was incapable of doing; so. Mr. II. believed
he knew how to represent their wishes; and it ap-
pealed that they thought so, too, for they had
twice elected him to do so, Jhit if (hey were in-
dined to lay him aside, he. could tell tliat gentle-
man that he would stand but a poor chance with
tlicm as a candidate: he did not believe the gomlr-
nmii would be even their second choice. Air. [f,
had explained to his people u hat his course would
he on this appropriation for tlio Tennessee, river,
ife had told them he could not, with a good con-
science, vote for it, although he knew they were
very anxious he should do so. He had declined
voting, because, though he could not conscientious-
ly vote for the, measure, he did not like to stand in
the way of their obtaining their desire. Thov
knew his coxtrse and fully understood the whole
matter.
Mr. H. said the gentleman had given very plain
proof how conscientious he. was as to the power of
the [(Government to make these works of internal
improvement, by asking) as soon as his motion for
the Tennessee river was rejected, to know whether
it would be in order for him to move a reconsidera-
tion of the vote ho bad given for some improve-
ment at the North. The gentleman was v'.llin^
il the Tennessee river was in the bill, to vote for
the whole; but, so soon as that was out, he could
not vote the other appropriations. The gentleman
believed jn his conscience, as firmly ns Mr. H.
^ite nPProP«?'>0"8 were Unconstitutional! j
Mr. ST A N'rON said the gentleman had brought
up this appropriation at a time most impropiti,,',,*,
and because he did not succeed, had undertaken to
call All. fe. to account. 1 he gentleman's a^'Mimed
mortification at Ins course seemed to be but .skin-
deep. After brooding over tho matter fur more
tlnm a month, and " nursing his wrath to keep it
warm" all that time, ho now came ami poured it
out upon his head, and tried to stir up his party
friends against his course. Mr. 8. dwelt on the
difficulty in some cases of decidma-between objects
of a national and of a local character. There'wan
one circumstance which some gentlemen might
have thrown into the balance in"\hp case of the
Tennessee river, viz. that (he Legislature of Ten-
nessee had voted almost unanimously in favor of
recommending its improvement; and he had de-
clared, al the lime the gentleman a/Iiuicd to, that,
if an independent proposition should br introduced'
for the distinct object of improving that, rim he
should vote for it. As to its Iiawng been whis-
pered through the House that the President would
veto the bill if this item were continued in it, Mr.
S. did not know on what authority this assertion
was made. Mr. S. had ncva- said so. lie knew
indeed, that Mr. Polk was opposed to the "i neral
principle of carrying on internal improvement by
the General Government, and a long course of
public life had shown to him, as well as to Mr. S.,
that nothing resulted from it but consequcnecs the
most pernicious. X(e iirvci heard it ^fiid by certain
gentlemen of the Terme.ssofi (Mfga.{inn that they
believed the President would veto the bill, and that
certain Senators were keeping it back until previ-
ous action should be had upon the tariff; but Mr.
S. did not believe any such thing. lie had no
idea that it was true. It was indeed true that,
when the river and harbor bill was up, Mr. S. had
voted differently from many gentlemen of his own
political party; but he hoped never to be so bound
by pai/.y lif;s as that he could not vote his own
tortest opinions. But who was the gentleman who
^ .l "J t0 'i38'*' W'0 >vas it that came here, a
month after the occasion was past, and in a studied
•speech sought to attack his course? He had de-
clared that lie would vote for the measure as an
independent proposition; and when he was told
that the plan formerly reported had been agreed
upon as that which was to be pursued, he had
voted for it. What more could he do? He had
no authority to say that tho President would veto
the bill; he did not know then, nor did he now,
that he would do so. All he had said on that point
was from Mr. Polk's public acts and declarations,
when he was a member of this House. The; Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs had reported a bill for .the
erection of a marine hospital-at Memphis. He
would now make a bargain with the gentleman—
if Mr. OitoziRn would vote for that, then he would
vote for the improvement of the Tennessee river;
but whether he [MK Cno7.ir.nl wonld vote for
Memphis or not, he. [Mr. Stanton] would rote
for the Tennessee river.
Mr. CROZIER rejoined. If a month had
elapsed, as the gentleman complained, since the
date of his former motion, it was only because
he conld no earlier get an opportunity of" introdu-
cing his present remarks. lie was speaking not
in a personal but m«rely a political sense, and in
that view be thought he had made a fair hit at his
colleague.
The gentleman from Alabama had attempted to
be very severe, had accused him of over-zeal for
the object he desired, and had intimated that it was
ininring the object instead of promoting it. He
admitted it to be his natural fault; but he thought
it was at least balanced by the over-frigidity of tho
gentleman in this matter. Could they he amalga-
mated into one, he oresumed it, might make a per-
fect member of the House of Representatives. He
had never understood the. gentleman to be s\o cau-
tious a person before, nor should he have suspect-
ed it now. The gentleman was certainly under
great obligations to him for so good an opportuni-
ty to explain. The gentleman said he had sold
himself for this matter of the Tennessee river.
Well, if be hnd, be had at least s;ot. a good prie.e,
for be bail ^ot sixty votes. Now, he feared that
if he wanted to sell the gentleman from Alabama
be could get, nothing for him. The gentleman,
though believing a constitutional question to be
involved, had not had the honesty to vote accord-
ing to his convictions; nor, on the other hand, had
he" the courage to vole in View of the question of
expediency. If it was the. test of an honest course,
to do noihing, the irentlcman might, plume himself
on his honesty, bin he believed many would ditfer
from bun in that opinion. The gentleman seemed
to think that Mr. arrogated lo himself to repre-
sent Mr. II.'s district, lie did not really think
that was a thing he, could do; and the gentleman
paid him no compliment in supposing he had any
such object of ambition.
lie fully agreed that he could not even hope to
conic off second-best as a candidate fir their favor.
With their present, polities it would bo utterly im-
possible for him to represent them. The gentle-
man, however, thought that he represented them
exactly; and it might be so. If they sent the gen-
tleman here not to vote at all on questions which'
nearly concerned them, he certainly did represent
tlieni; but if they sent him to act upon such ques-
tions, then it was most manifest that, in voting
neither one way nor tho other, he. did not represent
them. So the tremendous moral courage of which
the gentleman had spoken had operated to place
him exactly in medln, anil had stimulated bun to
do nothing., Mr. C. readily admitted that it did
require tremendous moral eourage for an honest
man to adopt such a course.
Mr. HOUSTON gave the gentleman much credit
at, lra;,t for candor in so frankly confessing that he
had sold himself for Tennessee river anil for his
sixty-three votes. But Mr. II. had not charged
the gentleman with selling himself; he had merely
said, what the gentleman dare not deny, that he
had been willing to take the bill if the Tennessee
river was in it; but as soon as that appropriation
was out of the bill he then very conscientiously
opposed it. Mr. H. had made no inquiry of the
gentleman who reported the bill whether his friend
hud gone to him lo sell himself, but the gentleman
had volunteered to admit that he did sell himself
for a good price, and had got sixty-three votes by
the bargain. Now Mr. It. should have felt mor-
tified in making such a confession. He feared
that the gentleman's district would not, at the next
election, give him fifty votes, nor at the election
following more than thirty, until at length he had
become a drug m the market. As to the gentleman
not being able to sell Mr. H.,lle wasproud of the
fact that be could not be sold. ' * ._
Mr, DAVIS, of Mississippi, who had yesterday
moved an amendment to ia'slrt. Natchez after Pa-
ducah, but whose amendment had been rejected,
now took, occasion to correct ah .error in point of
fact, which, asjie opposed, led to that rejection.
The title to the site at Natchez liad beetf submitted
to the Attorney General'of .the Hinted States, who.
had examined it arid reported in ils favor. The
money' had been paid' in March, J845, and Hip .
deeds for the property were n'o,w, in the War Office. ■
This removed the objection which Itad foi-merly
been relied upon. . ' .
Mr. WENT WORTH said there ought to be
more marine hospitals established, but. the main
difficulty seemed to be in ascertaining the proper
location for them. He spoke of the'great neces-
sity of more hospitals upon the lakes as well as
the, rivers, .and more particularly upon LakcMichi-
gan. The sailors there had been paying hospital
money for many years, and yet it,was impossible -
f>ir them to get one cent's advantage. There be-
ing no port, of entry on La.ke Michigan, there was
no one authorized t  collect and "disburse this
money. Consequently, it'not, unfrequently hap-
pened that sailors who had paid , hospital money
all their lives, wore, at lns,t, left to the"charities of
the world, or sent to die in a poor-liouse. , He
thought Government. should be more liberal in ma-
king hospitals, or it should cease extorting money
from the sailors. ' As no new appropriation would
he in order in this bill', he hoped the Chair would
decide it, in order to nllow a proposition inserted
for a hoard of commissioners to report, the best
practicable point for an hospital on the Ohio, on the
Mississippi, and Lake Michigan, giving estimates
for each one. The expense of an hospital at Chi-
cago would be very small, ns Government already
owned a very good site, and there are always a
laro-e, number of sailors in that port.
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS advocated the appro-
priation for Ptiducnh. ft was not. a new ques-
tion; but the Government had paid for a site on
that spot years ago. Why abandon it how? None-
denied, or could deny, that it was one of the most
suitable spots on all'the western waters for a pur-
pose of the Mnd.- It had been opposed because h
was in the State of Kentucky, and Kentucky had .
already an hospital at tonisvillo. But this was
an objection more nominal than real. Pad-ncah was
three, hundred miles from Louisville, and was at
the month of I he Cumberland and Tennessee rivers,
ami an hospital there would be practically and in
ellect an hospital for Tennessee and not for Ken-
tucky.
The question being now taken on Mr. Bovn's
motion to insert " Paducah," tile ayes were, 54,
noes 46; but no quorum voted.
By common consent the question was putagnin,
when it was carried in the affirmative; ayes G!),
noes 4G.
So the amendment of Mr. Boyd prevailed.
Mr: DARRAGH, after explaining that the fifty
thousand dollars in the bill was intended to make
up a former deficiency to cover three different sites:
namely, one at Pittsburg, one at Louisville, and
one at Cleveland—observed that, as Paducah was
now added, it would be necessary to augment tho
appropriation; and he would accordingly, at the
proper time, move to increase it from fifty to
seventy-five thousand dollars.
Mr. DAVLS, of Mississippi, now repeating the
explanation he had formerly given respecting the
title to a site at Natchez, moved further to amend
the, bill by inserting the word *' Natchez."
The question being put on this amendment, the
ayes were Gl, tho noes 48; but no quorum voted.
The cpicsstion, however, being by consent put a
second time, the amendment was agreed to; ayes
67, noes 61.
Mr. FARAN moved to add an appropriation of
fifteen thousand dollars to enlarge the hospital at ,
Cincinnati, lie explained the facts of the case,-
stating that that building had been erected in 1820,
and had been supported by a tax on the ,hoatmen
arriving at Cincinnati. Sick boatmen were received
and faithfully attended to, and theacoomnjodfttions
were so good that that hospital was much prefer-
red by them; but it was not large enough t? ac--
commodate the applicants. , .
Mr. McKAY inquired whether the-liospitel be-
longed to the United States ? -
It appearing from Mr; f'ARAN'S wrplawttion '
