870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
New York in the hope that these pled^e^ would |
be redeemed; nor did he evpeet that tiny  reat re- j
form would be confined exclusively u> the_r^n^s |
of the Democracy. lie hoped that the WI112.S
would co-operate in diseluiri;i £' thiy ^ieat duty
to their countiy; that tiicy would look to the in-
terest of their posterity, and would sacrifice all
party feelings* to the permanent pro^peuty of their
children- .
No doubt all that avarice and cupidity could
invent would be resorted to, to resist this result.
There were millionaires who would band together
to interpose every obstacle in the way. Some of
them had addressed the members of Congress, and
were engaged in the herculean task of gulling the
American people into the belief that a protective
taiiif would teally advance their interests. He
should not allude to any private individual by
name until he had done some overt act which re-
moved the restraints that delicacy would otherwise
impose. Artifices were even now resorted to under
the very eyes of Congress. A fair had been gotten
up in this city, and free tickets had been presented
to members, with a view to warp and bias then-
judgment, and thus to control the legislation of
that House. The object obviously was, to imhiee
Congress to keep up the protective policy. What
were these individuals dotns*?
Mr. P. was informed that they had erected a
house five hundred feet in length and s-ixty in
width, and filled it with productions of American
industry, to induce the people, if possible, to be-
lieve that the protective policy would eausc them
to pay less for the articles of their consumption.
Now, if any man should ever read what Mr. P.
was saying—(and lie did not speak for those who
were here present; he did not care so much about
their opinions, though he believed, even with re-
gard to them, that, if every man who was himsHf
a manufacturer, or even personally interest**! in
manufactures, could be removed from within these
walls, there might be some hope of reaching the
convictions even of that House)—he -would put to
that man this question: Could he believe that men
would thus gather together, from the North and
the South, from the East and the West, at such an
immense expense, if the only object they bad in
view was to make the prices of their commodities
lower? If, indeed, there was any mun who could
believe this, he must be hopelessly lost to all com-
mon sense on this subject. But Mr. P. did not
believe that there was any intelligent man in the
country who did or could believe any such tiling.
Mr.P., howev er, had learned by bitter experience,
that there was a wide and vast difference between
men's real opinions and the opinions which they
expressed.
But if these gentlemen should succeed in getting
the people to believe so gross and palpable an ab-
surdity as that high duties made low prices, then
they would have annihilated the whole of their
own argument for protection. Could they estab-
lish that position there would he a grand revolu-
tion of parties in that House on the subject of the
tariff, for then it would be the interest of the manu-
facturer to oppose the protective policy, and it
would be the duty of Mr. P. and hw friends to
adopt it. But if, as some of them maintain, the
tariff had no practical effect in raising prices, and
its diminution no practical effect in reducing them,
why could they not consent to the reduction as a
means of calming the agitation of the country ?
If the protective tariff did not raise the pi ices of
the manufacturers, then to insist on us continuance
showed a most reckless disregard to the expressed
wishes of thirteen States of this Union. Mr. P.
could not doubt that with magnanimous unanimity
these gentlemen would at once come forward and
assent to the reduction, did not their interest stand
in the way. If ever a proper opportunity were
presented to Mr. I*, he should do his endeavors to
convince this nation that every dollar of tax im-
posed did increase to some extent what the people
had to pay for the commodities they consumed.
Mr. P. said that he should not have introduced
these remarks had he witnessed any disposition on
the part of gentlemen to whom the duty belonged
to bring forward this measure. While every means
which avarice and ingenuity could invent were be-
ing employed to sustain the present system, the
bill for the reduction of the tariff was still suffered
to sleep.
Somegentlemen were felicitating themselves with
the idea that the present exigency of the public
.sei vjee lo meet the expenses of the war would fur-
nish at least a valid excuse for setting this great
measure aside. But let them lay no such flatter-
ing unction to their souls. The friends of reduc-
tion went on this principle, that a reduction ^
duties would increase the revenue. A large class
of articles now excluded would then come into the
country and pay duty, while a large list of goods
now free would also become a source of revenue.
Mr. SEABORN JONES said that the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means felt an anxious desire to
bring forward the tariff bill, but they could not <lo
this till the important appropriation hills were dis-
posed of; and the very best course gentlemen could
pursue to increase the delay, was to make long and
irrelevant speeches on the appropriation bill.
Mr. PAYNE said that he could not think that
the speech of half an hour would very greatly pro-
tract the bringing forward of the bill after the com-
mittee had permitted a delay of seven months. He
did not think it necessary on that ground to cut
short his remarks: but ho really felt so much re-
joiced to hear that the'Committce of Ways and
Means were awakened from their slumbers, that
he should not longer detain the House.
Mr. C01>1> considered it very unfottunate that a
debate should have been sprung upon the House
on a matter wholly irrelevant to the hill before it.
Ample opportunity would doubtless be presented
for the discussion of that subject. AVith a view
to bring the present debate to a dose, lie would
move for the rising of the committee, to give way
for a motion to limit the debate and terminate it
this evening.
The question being put on the motion of Mr.
Corn?, it prevailed:
Ayes 70, noes 63.
So the committee rose mid reported progress.
Mr, COBB moved the usual resolution to close
debate in Committee of the Whole at one o'clock
P. A'l. to-morrow. (Wednesday.)
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, moved to amend
the resolution, by striking out u at one o'clock P.
M. to-morrow*'* and inserting " to-day at four
o'clock P. M." Mr. II. also moved the previous
question.
Mr. ASHMUN moved an adjournment. The
yeas and nays were asked for and refused. Tel-
lers were then ordered; thoy divided the House,
and reported ayes 64, noes 79.
And so the House refused to adjourn.
]\1r. WIINTHROP moved that the resolution
he laid on the tabk; and the yens and nays being
ordered—
Mr. I..KAKK nsked to be excused from voting
on the question, and gave his reasons for the re-
quest; after which he withdrew it and voted on the
question.
The yeas and nays having been taken, there
were, for laying the resolution on the table 73,
against it 92,
The previous question was then seconded; and,
under ite operation, the question was taken on Mr.
Houston's amendment by yeas and nays, and it
was negatived: Yeas 43, nays 11^.
The resolution wns then agreed to.
And so the debate on the general appropriation
bill is to be closed to-morrow, (Wednesday,) at one
o'clock P. M.
And the House adjourned.
Messrs. Blair <fc Rnt:s will favor me by
inserting in the Congressional Globe my note of
yesterday to the National Intelligencer, correcting
the report of a debate between Mr. Crozier and
myself on the 26th instant. I would like the note
; to coinc in with the report alluded to.
GEORGE S. HOUSTON.
Miy 29, 1846.
[From the National Jntehuroncer.]
House of Representative, MuyQ8,1846.
To the Editors.—Gentlemen : In your paper of yester-
day morning your Reporter gave a icport of the debate of
the preocdinp day, between Mr. Oro/.ihr and myself; but I
was ngtomslied to see the mutilated form in which my
remark.- had been presented to the public, and to find that I
am mode to pay things T did not in truth fay, while the main
parte of my argument were omitted; the Reporter admitted
the ineorreeme^ of the report, and accounted for it from the
fact that he had accidentally lost a portion of his notes, and
had written my speech fiom recollection.
In the report of Mr. Crozier's speech I find the fol-
lowing;
" The views expressed by the gentleman from Alabama
s (Mr. Houston) had done greater injury to the success of
<an appropriation for the removal of the obstacle m the
(navigation of Tennessee" river than any or all others that
fhad been made."
Also:
The gentleman, though believing a constitutional ques-
< tion to he involved, had not had the honesty to vote nccordf-
{ing to his convictions; nor, on the other hand, had he the
' courage to vote in vfew of the Question of expediency. If
(it was the testof an honest course lo do nothing, the geatle-
fma  might plume himself on bis honesty, bnthe believed
cinimy would differ from him in that opinion."
He is made in conclusion to say:
« Mr. C. readily admitted that It did require tremendous
imoral courage for an honest man to adopt such a course.
I was an attentive listener to both, of his speeches, and I
am sure I hoard no each remarks j' others, who also gave
him strict attention, say they heard none such. On yeater-
day I called Mr. Ciiozier's notice to the above extracts,
which I pointed out to him, and which he very promptly
disavowed. I thought I haa correctly understood hirh as
Agreeing to make the correction by a note to the Intelligencer
of this morning. He has not done so; for the reason, as I
am informed, that he intends, in a few days, to have a cor-
rected copy of his remarks published. Tn the meantime, ?
teel It my ilnty £0 ask of you an early place in your columns
for tiiis note.
Ve*y respectfully, your obedient servant,
GEO. S. HOUSTON.
The Reporter very frankly admits that the report in ques-
tion was imjifi-frct, and may have done injustice to some of
the parties concerned, ft is to bo accounted for from thcr
fact, wltieh lie as promptly stated to Mr. Houston, viz: that
l>y accident a portion of the notes were mislaid.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 27, 1846.
Mr. ASHLEY presented the petition of citizens
of Arkansas, praying the establishment of a post-
route from Clarendon, to Surrounded Hill, in that
State; which wfts referred to tfi« Committee on tire
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. JOHNSON", of Maryland, presented the
petition of Thomas Bryant, heir of William Bry-
ant, deceased, asking- compensation for the naval
services of his ancestor; which was referred to
the Committee of Claims.
[Several messages in writing were received from
the President of the United States.]
Mr. MANGITM submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was agreed tor
Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms be autho-
rized to employ tho nccessary force to work the
Ventilator on tho dome of the Senate chamber, and
that the same be paid for out of the contingent fund
of tho Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, submitted an adverse report
upon the petition of Philip Slaughter; which was
ordered to be printed.
The " Act to amend an act approved June 17,
' 184-t, entitled An net to provide for the adjustment
1 of land c.huniK within the States of Missouri, Ar-
' knnsas, and Louisiana, and in those parts of the
' States of Mississippi and Alabama soutli of the
'3lst degree of north latitude, and between the
' Mississippi and Perdido rivers," was read a third
time and passed.
OREGON THE ARMY.
Mr. BENTON observed that it had been his in-
tention to resume to-day his review of the Oregon
question, in continuation of his remarks submitted
oil Monday last; but as it was desirable that action
should be taken upon the bill supplementary to the
act providing for the prosecution of the existing
war with Mexico, he suggested that the latter
should be first considered, and he (Mr. B.) would
take to-morrow, or some other day, for his pur-
pose.
Mr. ATCHISON signified his intention, if the
bill referred to came up, to ask leave to withdraw
the amendment thereto submitted by him. He
was entirely in favor of the object of the bill; and
as all the amendments pending liung upon that
submitted by him, and as it was desirable that the
bill should pass speedily, he, for the purpose of
unanimity, would take the course already alluded
to.
The PRESIDENT stated that there was no
question before the Senate. '
Mr. DIX suggested that the bill should be con-
sidered by unanimous consent; which was agreed
to.
The supplementary bill alluded to was then con-
sidered as in committee of the whole; when
Mr. ATCHISON'S motion for leave to with-
draw his amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then, on motion of Senators DIX
and BENTON, amended in various particulars, to
read as follows: . .
