874
TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2!
lor, and to tin* oil'ieers and men under his command, both
of tiio arm\ and navy of the United tftate->, for tlieir Ms-n.d
liuia.uuh, and iroud comluei, m tai-iauunj? tlie
honor of the arm.-  nf thcii coimttj in achieving thy late \ie-
toiies on the tVontu-r ot th«' State ot Texas.
S bc.2. Jind be it farther reiolrt'd, That the President of
th«' Umt'Hl States lie uutlioriz-'d and requested to have a
Mvord pioeured, wiia appropriate devices thereon, and pre-
Sjciit.'il to General T.ixior. iti the name ot the Republic, as
a ti ihute du.' to his good conduet, valor, and geuerositj to
tiie \<tmjtn-li< d.
In! bail further rcsolrcl, That the President of
the United State- be "n <jue-t nl to communicate to Brigadier
Oiu'ial TjjIoi, ami to the olhoeis and men under bis. eom-
lnaiul, hmlt'of the atm\ and navy, the thanks ot' Congress
eont.uned 111 the fore^om" resolution, and the high sense of
"laiitudi! untenanted lor victories so splendid m contests so
unequal.
Mr. BERRIEN hoped that the resolution would
receive the assent of the Senate with all possible
unanimity. He desired that the deep and fervent
feeling of the body should be expressed in the
most emphatic manner.
i\!r. BllliESE asked for another reading of the
lesolution.
The Secretary accordingly again read the reso-
lution.
Mr. BREE.SF, then said that ho. had but one
suggestion to make in regard to the resolution, and
that was, that it did not comprehend that portion of
the. olliceis and soldiers of the army which, in his
opinion, liari conducted itself in the most gallant
manner—-those who had defended the fort, and
received two or three thousand shells from the
enemy's battelios. Those, only were mentioned
in the resolution who had taken part in the
battles of the SlIi and 9th. The others were over-
looked. He desired that the resolution should be
printed, and lie over for futuie consideration.
Mr. HOUSTON explained. He had no objec-
tion to the printing, but he begged to inform the
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Brkkse] that the reso-
lution was designed to include, and did include,
every man under the command of General Taylor.
It was tine that the gallant deJ'endeis of the fort
were not alluded to particularly, but they had not
been overlooked—they were included in the terms
of the resolution. The naval forces bail not been
ungated in the battles, but were included in the
resolution. The entire command of General Tay-
lor was embraced. But if the gentleman had any
desire to improve the resolution, or to add to it,
he (Mr. H.) was quite willing to allow him an
oppoituiiily. The resolution had been drawn up
hastily, and was, perhaps, susceptible of improve-
ment.
Mr. MOl'El-JE'VD hoped that the resolution
would be acted on at once, after the explanation of
the honorable .Senator from Texas. In his. (Mr.
M.'s) opinion the terms of the resolution were
comprehensive enough. lie asked for another
icadiner of the resolution.
The resolution was again read.
Mi. >SKVlhill hoped that the lesolution would
be over till to-morrow.
Mr. HOUSTON. I agree with great pleasure.
Mr. SIlVlEli bad but one additional remark to
make. His gallant ami lamented personal friend—
J\lajor IJrowii—bad been killed in the defence ol
the'fort. I lis sen hm-s dem.iuded the gratitude of
the nation; and he (Mr. S.) should like to see
the. le-olutioti so amended as to embrace the pre-
sentation of a sword to the descendant of Major
Blown.
The resolution was then ordered to be printed,
and lies o\er till to-morrow.
On motion of Mr. JENNESS, the Senate took
up the bill for the relief of Asenaih Cannoy, which
was read a second time, considcied as m commit-
tee of the whole, leported without amendment,
ordeied to he engrossed for a third reading, and,
by unanimous consent, read a third time, and
passed.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives announcing that said House had
passed the Senate bill establishing certain mail-
routes in Texas, with an amendment.
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, the above bill was
taken up, the amendment was lead and consider-
ed, when
Mr. NIJL.ES submitted a few remarks, recom-
mending a concurrence with said amendment.
The question being taken, the motion to concur
was agreed to.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, moved that the
prior orders of the day be postponed, and that the
Senate should resume the consideration of the bill
providing for the settlement of the French spolia-
tion claims.
Mr. BENTON observed that he had given way
yesterday to other business, with the understand-
ing that he would to-day resume his remarks upon
the Oregon question.
Mr. JOHNSON replied, that any wish the gen-
tleman from Missouri might express would be re-
garded ; but as it was generally understood that
there Would be no further discussion upon the
spoliation bill, ho supposed that the question might
be taken before the gentleman [Mr. Benton] com-
menced his remarks.
Mr. BENTON signified his assent, and the bill
referred to was taken up.
The question being upon an amendment hereto-
fore submitted,
Mr. SPEIGHT expressed the desire to submit a
few remarks thereon.
Mr. HUNTINGTON (Mr. Speight giving
way) moved that the further consideration of the
bill be postponed until to-morrow at one, o'clock,
with the view of taking up the special order, which
was agreed to.
OREGON.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the report of the Committee on Territories, re-
commending that the laws of the United States bo
not extended over the Oregon territory during the
present session of Congress; when
Mr. BENTON then icsumed and concluded his
remarks.
[The report of the conclusion of Mr. Benton's
remarks is necessarily postponed, to allow time
for its preparation. We hope to have it prepared
in time to insert it in the next number of the Con-
cessional Globe.J
Mr. B., in conclusion, said, that if the Senator
from Florida would withdraw the motion which
he, had made for a postponement of the, considera-
tion of this bill, he would move that it be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Territories, with in-
structions.
Mr. WESTCOTT said, to enable the Senator
from Missouri to offer his resolution to recommit
the bill, with instructions, he would for the pres-
ent withdraw the motion for the postponement of
the subject until the first Monday in December
next, lie did so only to allow the resolution to
lie considered, which could mil be while his mo-
tion was pending; and be intended at a propel I
time to renew it. !
Mr. BENTON then proposed a resolution,
which was read by the Secretary, to the following
ell'eet: That the bill be recommitted to the Commit-
tee on Territories, with instructions to amend the
bill bv inserting provisions, first, for extending the
jurisdiction and laws of the United States, civil
and criminal, over our citizens in Oregon, to the
same extent as Great Britain has extended her ju-
risdiction and laws over her subjects ill Oregon by
act of Parliament.
Secondly, to report a bill for the full and perfect
government of the Territory, to take effect after
the termination of the convention.
Thirdly, to provide for a Territorial Legislature,
and for the administration of justice; for the de-
fence of the territoiy, by fortifying the mouth of
the. Columbia; for commerce, by establishing cus-
tom-houses; foi organizing the militia, and to pro-
vide for the security of navigation, by erecting
light-houses, &.e. The boundary of said territory
to be established by treaty, and until so established,
the line of 4!)° to be regaided as the. northern limit.
Mr. CASS intimated his intention to submit his
views to the Senate upon this subject at such time
as would be most convenient to that body. The
honorable Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,]
had annihilated, entirely to his own satisfaction,
the hue of 54° 40' as the northern boundary of
Oregon. He hoped, however, to see it resusci-
tated and re-established. He also desired to sus-
tain the position be bad taken in relation to the
line, of the treaty of Utrecht.
Mr. ATCHISON said he should object to a re-
commitment to the Committee on Territories, for
the reasons which had been assigned by the chair-
man of tlmt committee. That committee could not
agree on any one proposition concerning this bill.
Why, then, lecommit the bill to that committee
with instructions? The object of the bill was to
extend our jurisdiction over Oregon, and ^.estab-
lish a territorial government. He wouldilgfrefore
suggest its reference to the Committee on*tiie Ju-
diciary. < .
Mr. BENTON assented to the amendment,
Mr. SEVIER was of the opinion that it would
be better to refer the bill, as the instructions ofthe
honorable Senator contemplated "several objects, to
a select committee. He hoped the Senator would
consent so to modify the resolution.
Mr. BENTON said he had no objection. <
Mr. ATCHISON said there was already before
the Senate a bill reported from the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads which embraced
one portion of the amendment desired by his col-
league by the recommitment. Another portion
would be embraced in a. bill reported from the
Committee on the Public Lands, respecting dona-
tions of lands to settlers. The establishment of
Indian agencies was a subject which had engaged
the attention of the Committee on Indian Affairs.
In fact, there were separate bills, embracing all the
measures recommended by the President of the
United States, proceeding from the appropriate
committees. He could see no necessity for a spe-
cial committee. He thought the Judiciary Com-
mittee was the proper one to have the consideration
of the subject.
Mr. WESTCOTT said he was gratified that the
Senator from Missouri, who last addressed the Sen-
ate, [Mr. Atchison,] had suggested the reference
to the Committee on the Judiciary, instead of the
Committee on the Territories; for he was convinced
the last-named committee, oven under the proposed
instructions, could not agree as to the details of a
bill on this subject. For his part, he regarded the
first branch of the instructions of the Senator from
Missouri who first addressed the Senate [Mr. Ben-
ton] as impossible to bo obeyed by any committee,
so as to effect any beneficial object. Suppose (said
Mr. W.) we enact a law, declaring "the laws oftlie
United States" to extend over Oregon: what will be
the effect and result? The common law of Eng-
land is no part of " the laws of the United States,"
as a Federal Government. There is no act of Con-
gress, and consequently no other law, by which
assaults and batteries, riots, and other venal of-
fences against society, could be punished. If you
were to extend all the laws of the United States
over Oregon, there are not a dozen acts of Con-
gress that could be made to apply to Oregon by
such general extension, and these would answer
no purpose whatever, either of protection or secu-
rity, to the citizens of the United States there, or
produce any other beneficial result. The citiaeus
of the United States in Oregon have provided for
themselves a local government. The sanction and
protection of the United States as to that govern-
ment is all that is required. As to the suggestion
for the extension over them of the laws of Iowa or
Missouri or Wisconsin, they would not give our
citizens there what they desire. X have (said Mr.
W.) on a former day endeavored to show the en-
tire impracticability of such measure; and besides
that, it would not meet the exigency. The most
important laws in a now frontier country are the
local temporary laws, regulating the political di-
vision!) and judicial arrangements, the establishment
of county sites, roads, ferries, bridges, police, pa-
trols, and other municipal regulations which the
adoption of the code of other States could not sup-
ply. Besides, who was to execute these laws?
How were they to be executed? and when and
where ? Must all be fixed by special legislation,
having special and exclusive reference to Oregon?
Why, sir, you may adopt the best code ever de-
vised by the wisest, lawgiver, and, without this
machinery to give it effect, which can only be by
special legislation adapted to the local wants of this
territory, and framed with reference to the condi-
tion of the country, geographically, politically, and
in every other respect, with reference also to the
settlements in it, such measures would be entirely
useless. Let me ask, what law of the United States,
or of Iowa, or of Missouri, provides that a court
shall be held at Oregon city, or elsewhere in the
valley of the Willamette, or that directs that mur-
ders committed there shall be tried before a judge
and jury, or how the judge shall be appointed, or
the jury summoned, or who is to appoint the sheriff
to hang the murderer? Which ot these laws re-
cognises the local divisions in Oregon, whether
called districts,counties, or parishes? Now, Con-
gress cannot, with propriety, as it regards itself,
