1846.
THE- CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
877
Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W. J6nes, Seaborn
Jones, Kennedy, Preston King, .Lawrence, Lumpkin,. Mc-
Clean, MeClernand, McConneH, McCj-ate, Joseph J. Mc-
Dowell, John P. Martin, Baikley Martin, Mom«, Moulton,
Noriis, Pamsir, Payne, Phelps, Price, Rathbun, Reid; Rolfe,
Roberts, Kunk, Sawtelle, Sawyer, Scammoi), Alexander
JD. Sims, Thomas Smith, Starkweather. St. John, Strong,
James Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Tihbatts> Tredway,
Williams,"and Yell—92. -•
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, J. Q. Adams, Arnold, Ashiriun,
Barruiger, Bayly,- Beditfger, Blaheharri, Milton Brown, W.
W. Campbell,-Carroll,-,- John G. Chapman, Collnmer, Cran-
ston, Crosier, Gatrett Davis, Delano, Dixon, Erdmun, John
H. Ewing^E^win H. Ewing, Foot, Giddios;s,Cnd<n-, Gnn-
nell, Hampton, Harper, Herrick, Hilliard, Elias 13.. Holmes,
John W. Houston, Samuel D. Hubbard, Hudson, Wash-
ington Hunt, Charles J. Jngersoll, Joseph R. ingersoll, Dan-
iel P. King, Thomas Butler King, Leake, Leib, Lewis,
Long, Maclay, McClelland, Mcllenry, Mellvaine, Marsh,
Miller, Moseley, Owen, Pendleton, Periy, Pollock, Ramsey,
Hitter, Julius Rockwell, J. A. Rockwell, Root, Seaman,
Seddori, Caleb B. Smith, Stanton. Stephens, Stiohm, Thi-
bodeauv, Benjamin Thompson, Tildeu, Toomb-f, Trumbo.
-'Vance, Vinton, Wentworih, White, Wick, Wmtiirop,
Young, and Yost—79.
So the amendment was agreed to.
All the amendments having been disposed of—
The bill was ordered to a third reading now.
And having been read a third time by its title,
and the question being," Shall this bill pass?"
Mr. FRIES demanded the previous question;
which was seconded.
And the main question was ordered to be now
taken.
Mr. HOPKINS asked the yeas and nays, .which
were ordered, and, being taken, resulted as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, J. Q.. Adams, S. Adams, Arnold,
Ashman, Atkinson, Barnnger, Bell, Benton, Bigi^s, J.uned
Rlick, James A. Black, Blanchanl, Boyd, Brmkerhotl',
Brockenbrough, Brodhrad, Milton Brown, Win. G. Brown,
Burlington, Burt, William W. Campbell, Carroll, Calh-
oun, John G. Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman, Reuben
Chapman, Chase, Claike, Cobb, Cocke, Collainer, Col-
lin, Cranston, Croxier, Cullom, Cummins, Cunningham,
Daniel, Dargan, Darragh, Garrett Davis, Jellercon 3)avU:
Wtn n. £<wniii, i'tlltlll, >>•>,
ham, Under, Grmnfll, Grover, Hamlin, Ihimpton, Haralson,
Haiper, Henlcv, Herntk, Ihliiaid, Hoge, Elias li. Holmes,
Hopkins, Hou !l, John VV. Houston, Ccoigc S. iiunloh,
Hudson, Hungcrford, Washington Hunt, James ii. Hunt,
Chillies J. IligersoII, Ju-rph 11. Inu<T-.o!I, Jenkins, James
II. Johnson, Joseph Johnson, George VV. Jones, Seaborn
Jones, Kennedy, f.'i!iii'i P. King, Lira-rpBB', I,cake, l,eib,
La Sere, Lewis, Lome, Mat lay, Mr Clean, McClelland,
McConnell, McCrate, James McDowell, Mcllcmy, Mell-
vaine, McKav, M,u>h, John P. Martin, li.ukley MaH.n,
Miller, Morns, Moselev, Monlton, Norrn, Owen, Punish,
1'avnc, Pendleton, Perry, Phelps, Pollock, Price, Itntjlbuu,
Held, Relfe, Rhett, Kilter, Roberts, Julius Rockwell, John
A. Rockwell, Root, Hunk, Suwtelle, Scammon, Seaman,
P.'d'lon, Severance, Alexander D. Sos, Thomas Smith,
Caleb 11. Smith, Stanton, Starkweather, Stewart, St. John,
Strohm, Strong, Tbibodeaux, Benjamin Thompson, James
Thompson, Jacob Thompson, 1'ibbatts, Tilrtcii, Tredlvay,
Trumbo, Vinton, Wentworth, -White, Wiek, Williams,
Wmthrop, Wood, Woodwaid, Woodwortli, Wright, Yell,
Young, and Yost—366.' -
nays—Messrs. Andrew Johnson, Toombs, Vance—3.
So the bill was passed.
On motion of Mr. HARALSON, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union* Mr..Boyd, of Kentucky, in the
chair.
The committee, on motion of Mr. HARALSON,
took up the bill to provide for certain alterations in
the pay department of the army.
THE ARMY OF OCCUPATION.
The bill had not been read, when,
On motion of Mr. BRINK.ERHOFF, it was laid
aside,,'and the committee took up the joint resolu-
tion tendering the thanks of Congress to General
Taylor and the army of occupation, fur their recent
brilliant services on the Rio Grande.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF, under instructions from
the Committee on Military Affairs, offered the fol
lowing as a substitute for the joint resolution as
originally introduced:
Resohed by ihc Senate and Howe of Hej^eseyitatirei of the
Unices, States of Jlmerica in Congress assembled, That the
giatituile of the country is due, and the thanks of Congress
arc hereby tendered to Bretet Brigadier .Genera! Zaehary
TayIors his officers And men, for tile fortitude, .skill, enter-
prise,"and coinage which have distinguished the recent
op-rations on the Jlio Giande. Jlrulhe it further resolved,
That the President be, and he is hereby, authorized' and
requested to cause to be paid to each non-commissioned
officer,, musician, and private, belonging to said army on the
Sili of May, 1846, one month's additional pay, to b'c paid out
of anv money in the treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Resolved, Tnat Congress sincerely sympathize viith the
relatives and ft ieniis of the officers and soldiers of the army
of the United States, who so bravely fell in the service of
their country on the Rio Grande.
Resolved, That the President be requested to cause the
foregoing lesoJutions to be communicated to'Ceiieral Taylor,
and! throtiL'h him to the army under his command.
Which, having been read—
Mr. BRODHEAD suggested that there was no
provision for the widows and children of those sol-
diers who had fallen in battle.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF said there was a general
law for that.
Mr. J. A. BLACK offered'the following amend-
ment, to precede the last resolution:
Jiiidbe ib further resolved, Th,atinstcad of one month's pay
as above provided for, that each officer, non-eOmimssioned
oflicer, musician, and private, who may have been wounded
in battle, and who may not die m consequence of such
wounds, thiee months additional pay shall be allowed ; and
that each officer, lion-coinniissioned olficer, musician, and
private, who may have been killed in battle, or in defending
the camp opposite Matamoras, or who may die m conse-
quence of Mich wounds, twelve months' additional pay
shall he allowed to their widow, if any sucli there be—it no
widow, then tlieir children ; this pay to be over and above
any pension the widows or thildienof such officei* or men
so killed ul battle, or who have or may die from Iheir
wounds, may be legally entitled lo by law.
Tiie.^e resolutions to apply to all belonging to the army of
occupation, and who maj have been killed or woumh d be-
fore the passage of these joint resolutions; anil that provis-
ion shall hereafter be made by law to carry into eif ct the
foregoing resolutions.
Mr. B. modified his amendment, on the sugges-
tion of Mr. Joseph J. McDowell, by striking
out the words " heirs-at-law " and inserting " chil-
dren."
Mr. HARALSON said that, as it was desirable
that whatever was done should be well done, he
would ask that the amendment of the gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Black,J be again read.
He (Mr. H.) feared that the amendment would
exclude some for whom provision was intended to
be made.
The CHAIRMAN announced the first question
to be on the amendment of Mr. Black.
Mr. BURT demanded tellers.
Mr. B. said he was sure that there was no dis-
position to discuss any of the propositions in the
resolutions. But he was sure, also, that the com-
mittee would permit itself to he reminded that the
effect of the amendment of his colleague [Mr.
Black] would be most prematurely to establish a
gigantic pension system.
it was the intention of .the committee that re-
ported these resolutions of approbation—of your
gallant army on the Mexican border—sinmly to
express the gratitude of ihecmuitry,and the thanks
of Congress for their brilliant achievement on the
Rio Grande.
I will not, Mr. Chairman, discuss this question;
but X do trust that this committee will permit itself
to be reminded that it is a tribute of the gratitude
of the country to that gallant army, which we at
this moment desire to pay; and I trust that no
other question connected with it will be entertained
by the committee.
Mr. JAMKS A. BLACK snid, he had not offer-
ed his resolution of amendment prematurely; but
maturely! and with deliberation. In the object of
the resolution from the committee, he did most
heartily concur, and the amendment which he of-
fered was but an extension of the very principle
laid down by them. They proposed to give one
month's pay to the officers and soldiejs of our gal-
lant aimy of the South; m that he most cordially
concurred ; for no man in this House was prouder
of the triumph they have achieved than he was.
But it. had been proposed on all sides of the
House to raise the pay of the common soldier to
$10; he had voted against it. It was a proposition,
however, which received an extensive support in
this House. Three months' pay of an infantry
man was $21; three months of a dragoon was $24;
it would, therefore, for this year, make the pay of
a dragoon §10, and of an ml'antry-man £9—less
than had been proposed to allow. to all. His
amendment was to give one year's pay proper—
not pay and emolument. He had battled in this
House against these extraordinary emoluments
allowed to officers.
He repeated, he had not made this proposition
without due, reflection, if one hundred thousand
men had fallen on the field of battle, he would have
gone for it. He was not for squandering money
on the army indiscriminately. He had, after ma-
ture reflection, determined to offer this amendment
to discriminate, and discriminate in favor of those
to whom the gratitude of the country was due.
Mr, JEFFERSON PA.V1S said, as a friend to
the army,he rejoiced at the evidence now afforded
of a disposition in this House to deal justly, to feel
generously towards those to whom the honor of
our flag has been intrusted. Too often and too
Ion" had we listened to harsh and invidious reflec-
tions upon our gallant little army, and the accom-
, plished officers who' command it. A partial op-
; portunity had been offered to exhibit their soldierly
' qualities in their true light, and he trusted these
aspersions were hushed—hushed now forever.
As an American, whose heart promptly responds
to all which illustrates our national character, and
adds new glory to our national name, he rejoiced
with exceeding joy at the recent triumph of our
arms. Yet it is no more than he expected from
the gallant soldiers who hold our .post upon the
Rio Grande—no more than, when occasion offers,
they will achieve again. It was the triumph of
American courage, professional skill, and that pa-
triotic pride which blooms in the breast of our
educated soldier, and which droops not under the
withering scoff of political revilers.
These men will feel, deeply feel, the expression
of your gratitude. It will nerve their hearts in the
hour of future conflict, to know that their country
acknowledges and honors their devotion. It will
shed a solace on the dying moments of those who
fall, to be assured their country mourns the loss.
This is the meed for which the soldier bleeds and
dies. This he will remember lopg after the paltry
pittance of one month's extra pay has been for-
gotten .
Beyond this expression of the nation's thanks,
he liked the principle of the proposition offered by
the gentleman from South Carolina. We have a
pension system providing for the disabled soldier,
but he seeks well and wisely to extend it to all
who may be wounded, however slightly. It is a
reward offered to those who seek foi danger, who
: first and foremost plunge into the fight. It has
; been this incentive, extended so as to cover all
i feats of gallantry, that has so often crowned the
I British arms with victory, and caused theirprowess
j to be recognised in every quarter of the globe. It
j was the sure and high reward of gallantry, ihe
confident reliance upon their nation's gratitude,
which led Napoleon s armies over Europe, con-
quering and to conquer; and it was these influ-
ences which, in an earlier time, rendered the Ro-
man arms invincible, and brought their ca°le back
victorious from every land on which it gazed. Sir,
let not that parsimony, (for he did not deem it econ-
omy,) prevent us from adopting a system which
in war will add so much to the efficiency of troops.
Instead of seeking to fill the ranks of your army
by increased pay, let the soldier feel -that a liberal
pension will relieve him from the fear of want in
the event of disability, provide for his family in
the event of death, and that .lie wins his way to
gratitude and the reward of his countrymen by
perilling all for honor in the field.
The achievement which we now propose to
honor is one which richly deserves it. Seldom, sir,
m the annals of military history has there been
one in which desperate daring and military skill
were more happily combined. The enemy selected
his own ground, and united to the advantage of a
strong position a numerical majority of three to
one. Driven from his first position by an attack in
which it is hard to say whether professional skill
or manly courage is to be more admired,he retired
and posted his artillery on a narrow defile, to sweep
the ground over which our troops weie compelled
to pass. There, posted in strength three tunes
greater than our own, they waited the approach
of our gallant little army.
General Taylor knew the danger and destitution
^ of the band he left to hold his camp opposite IVjaf-
: amoras, and he paused for no regular approaches
! but opened his field artillery, and dashed with
sword and bayonet on the foe. A single charp-e
left him master of their battery, and the. number of
slam attests the skill and discipline of his army
Mr. D. referred to a gentleman who, a short time
since, upon this floor, expressed extreme distrust
in our army, and poured out the vmls of his denun-
ciation upon the graduates of the Military Acad-
emy. He hoped now the gentleman will w'ltlidraw
those denunciations; that now he will learn the
j value of military science; that he will see in the
location, the construction, the defence of the bas-
tioned field-work opposite Matamoras the utility
the necessity of a military education. Let him
compare the few men who held that with the army
that assailed it; let him mark (he comparative safety
with which they stood within that temporary work •
let him consider why the guns along its ramnarts
were preserved, whilst they silenced the batteries
