THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JUNE 2, 1846.
New Series....No. 56.
of Philadelphia, paying that the duties on watches,
jewelry, and precious stones, may_not be increased;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. UPHAM presented the petition of Elias
BurnellandNahnm E. Jemson, praying: the repay-
ment of certain duties paid by them under protest
on a quantity of raw hides broughtinto the United
States from Canada; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. ATCHISON presented additional docu-
ments in relation to the petitions of George Ramey
and Thomas T. January; which were referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CORWIN presented a petition of citizens
of Ohio, praying the establishment of a mail route
from Lebanon to Wilmington, in that State; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. WEBSTER presented the petition of Koo-
nen, Graves, & Co., and other merchants in New
York, praying that an amount of duties paid by
them on Java and Sumatra coffee, may be remitted;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
The PRESIDENT presented the petition of Re-
zin Levis, a sergeant-major in the last war with
Great Britain, praying an increase of pension, and
an allowance of bounty land; which was refeired
to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion, it was
Resolved, That when the Senate adjourns it shall
adjourn to meet on Monday next.
[A message was received from the House of
Representatives, announcing that said House had
unanimously passed a joint resolution of thanks to
General Zachary Taylor and the officers and men
under his command. Also a joint resolution ap-
pointing a committee of examination of the West
Point Academy. Also that said House had passed
the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill.]
A message in writing was jeceived from the
President of the United States. Also a verbal an-
nunciation that he had signed and approved a bill
for the relief of Peter Gorman.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
The following resolution submitted yesterday by
Mr. HANNEGAN, was taken up for considera-
tion:
Resolved, with the concurrence of the House ofHep-
resentatives. That the President of the Senate and
the Speaker of the House of Representatives close
the present session of Congress by an adjourn-
ment of their respective Houses on Monday, the
30th day of July next.
Mr. DAYTON observed that it appeared to him
that everything which was necessary to be done,
could be accomplished within a much loss space of
time than that proposed by the resolution for the
continuance of the present session of Congress.
He would move to amend the resolution by insert-
ing the 20th of June instead of the 20th of July.
Mr. HANNEGAN replied, that for himself he
would prefer the day proposed by the honorable
Senator from New Jersey, [Mr. Dayton,] but
from conversations which he had had with mem-
bers of the House of Representatives, he had as-
certained that they were not willing, and would not
consent to fix an earlier day for an adjournment
than the one proposed by the resolution. It was
considered impossible to get through the business
m a shorter time, and there would, therefore, be
no hope of obtaining the concurrence of the House
in the amendment proposed by the Senator from
New Jersey.
Mr. SEVIER expressed the hope that the ques-
tion would not be taken at the present time. He
was not disposed to lix the day of adjournment
until a vote had been taken upon the subject of a
tariff. For one, he was not willing to tie his hands
in that way; neither was it proper for Congress to
do so. This Congress was pledged to the country
upon this question, and it was necessaiy that ample
time should be afforded for proper legislation in re-
lation to the tarilf. For the purpose (as he said) of
testing the question, he then moved that the reso-
lution be laid upon the table.
56
Mr. HANNEGAN called for the yeas and nays
upon this motion, which were ordered, and, being
taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Ashley. Atchison, Atherton,
Bagby, Breese, Calhoun, Cos?, Chalmcis, Dickinson, Dix,
Haywood, Jaroagin, Lewis, McDuffio, Mangum, Penny-
hacker, Sevier, Speight, and Westcott—19.
NAYS—Me^&rs. Allen, Atchison, Barrow, Ben fen, Bright,
Cameron, T. Clayton, j M. Clayton, Corwin, Cnttonden,
Dayton, Fairfield, Gieeno, Ilannegan. Houston, Huntington,
Jcnness, Johnson of Louisiana, TVhllei, Moiehead, Nile?,
RiuJc, Sernplc, Simmons, Sturgeon, Upham, Webptcr,
and Woodbridge—^7.
So the motion to lay on the table was negatived.
Mr. ALLKN suggested to the Senator from In-
diana, [Mr. Hamnegan,) the propriety of allowing
the resolution to be passed over informally for the
present. It was his opinion that Congress ought
to transact and finish all the necessary public busi-
ness before the proposition to fix the time of ad- j
journment should be entertained. There were j
very important measures to be acted upon, and the !
present position of our relations with Mexico ren- |
dered it highly improper at the present time to de- ■
terminc upon the piecisc time of adjournment, as |
it was impossible to toll what action might be de- !
manded on the part of Congress. Individually he j
was in favor of an adjournment at as early a pe- i
riod as was consistent with the public interests, ,
but no good could arise from fixing; upon the day ,
of adjournment at this time; and he expressed the j
hope'that the. Senator from Indiana would allow]
the resolution to be passed over informally. j
Mr. HANNEGAN replied that he would be j
happy to oblige his honouible fiiend fiom Ohio, ;
but he could see no difference between passing (he ,
: resolution by informally and laying it on the table, j
I which the Senate had just refused to do. Had it I
I been laid on the table, it could be taken therefrom j
at any time, and acted upon. He had not the
slightest wish to interfere with the proper perform-
ance of the public business; and he had named a
day about two months in advance, m order that
there might be ample time allowed for the transac-
tion of all the business that was to be done. It
was now the sixth month of the session, and he
certainly thought it nothing more than what was
entirely right and proper that one branch or the
other of Congress should indicate n day on which
Congress should adjourn, unless some occunenre
should arise, requiring that Congress should con-
tinue in session, in which case it would be a very
easy matter to repeal or rescind the resolution. It
was a well-known fact, that there was always a
disposition to procrastinate the business of Con-
gress until the day of adjournment was fixed, and
that when such had been fixed, both Houses al-
ways worked up to it.
Mr. MANGUM remarked that his experience
was—and he thought the experience of other gen-
tlemen in relation to the proceedings of that body,
must have taught them—that difficulty had often
arisen from the adoption of resolutions of this
kind, which could not. afterwards be altered, ex-
cept by a concurrence of both Houses; and he
hoped that the Senator would consent to the post-
ponement of the further consideration of the reso-
lution for a few days. In conclusion, he moved
that its further consideration be postponed until
next Monday week.
Mr. ARCHER expressed the hope that neither
of the propositions would prevail. The two Houses
of Congress should never, in his opinion, commit
themselves in relation to the period of adjourn-
ment for a longer time than two weeks in advance.
It ought to be clearly ascertained that there will be
no impediment in the way of adjournment, before
a resolution fixing the day was adopted. It was
not in the power, at the present time, for any
member of either House of Congress to decide
upon the precise time when it would be proper for
Congress to rise. He was in favor of deferring
the resolution until it could be ascertained whether
it might with propriety be adopted.
Mr. WEBSTER said, that in the present condi-
tion of the business which must necessarily engage
the attention of Congress, he did not think they
ought hastily to decide upon the time for the ad-
journment. He did not think that they could with
propriety agree upon the time to-day. If tjiey
were to do so, the time designated might after-
wards prove unsuitable, as being-either too late or
too early. For one, he would be ready to vote for
the earliest day that would be compatible with the
public interests, tie though t with the Senator fiom
North Carolina, that it would be well to postpone
i the consideration of the resolution for a few days.
Mr. BAGBY expressed himself gratified that the
subject had been brought forward; but he thought
it would be extremely difficult to fix the day pre-
cisely when the remaining important business of
the session could be brought to a close. It was true
that six months of the session had gone by, but
the most important measure of all still remained
untouched—to wit: the question concerning taxa-
tion; and he would ask if it would be proper to
commit themselves to sixty days for the settlement
of that great question, when a much longer time
had been devoted to another subject, which the
Senator from Indiana [Mr. Hannegan] had so
much, and so properly, at heart.' He hoped that
the Senator would not press his resolution at the
present time.
Mr. ALLEN observed, that although it might
not be wise to pass the resolution at this time, it
was nevertheless wise on the part of the Senator
from Indiana to introduce it, because its bare re-
ception nearly effected the object desiied, by fixing
the attention of the Senate and the people upon the
subject of adjournment, and a point of time when it
might be expected. Under all the circumstances,
he thought that a week's delay would be no disad-
vantage, as it would enable the Senate to determine
more "correctly as to the course which the public
business was likely to take.
Mr. HANlNEGAN stated that he had no objec-
tion to accede to whatever course a majority of the
Senate might be disposed to take. In reference to
the relative importance of the measures referred to
by the Senator from Alabama, [Mr. Bagbv,] he
must be permitted to express an honest difference
of opinion. The legislation upon the tariff was
temporary; it might be repealed, amended, or mod-
ified at each session of Congress; whereas the legis-
lation in relation to Oregon was lasting, and for-
ever.
Mr. BAGBY said in reply, that he did not w-ish
to be understood as underrating the importance of
the Oregon question; he had said that it had con-
sumed a disproportionate quantity of time.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Mas-
gum's motion to postpone the further consideration
of the subject until Monday week, and agreed to.
The joint resolution (from the House) tendering
the thanks of Congress to General Taylor and the
officers and men under his command, and for other
purposes, was read a first and second time.
Mr. BERRIEN, pursuant to notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill relative to, and
increasing the duties of the Attorney General,
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATIONS.
On motion of Mr. LKWIS, the Senate resumed
the consideration of the bill making appropriations
for tlie expenses of the Post Office Department for
the y«ar ending June 30th, 1847.
Mr. HUNTINGTON submitted a few remarks
in relation to the provisions in the present postage
law, for the compensation of postmasters, and the
action of the Postmaster General in relation thereto,
111 accordance with the opinion of the Attorney
General. Mr. H. argued that the opinion of the
latter officer, although honest, was erroneous, and
he submitted an amendment to the bill under con-
sideration, providing distinctly for the pay of the
postmasters. He desired that it should be de-
clared by law what should be the compensation of
postmasters, and it should not be determined by
the discretion of the Postmaster General. He dis-
claimed any intention to be personal towards the
Postmaster General or the Attorney General in any
of his remarks. He had so framed his amendment
as to make it take effect after the 30th of June.
