882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
Mr. SPEIGHT submitted a few observations in
opposition to the present postage law. He would
bo satisfied to see the present law repealed, and
matters left as they were before its passage.
After some further conversation between bena-
tors SIMMONS, MeDUFFlh:, iN iLLb, HENRY
JOHNSON, and CALHOUN, in the course ot
which several amendments were submitted)
Mr. ALLEN moved that the further considera-
tion of' the bill should be postponed, and the
amendments, together with a letter from the Post
Olfioe Department, which had been read, should
be printed; which motion was agreed to.
WEST POINT ACADEMY.
The joint resolution from the House, in relation
to the appointment of a select committee to exam-
ine into the condition of the Military Academy at
West Point, and the progress of the students, was
read a first and second time.
Mr. DIX submitted an amendment, providing
for the appointment of a committee of three on the
part of the Senate, to act in connexion with a
similar committee from the Rouse, instead ofap-
pomting a joint committee, as pioposcd by the ;
joint resolution.
After some conversation between Senators II AY- ■
"WOOD, WRBSTKR, and DIX, I
Mr. SPEIGHT moved that the joint resolu- ;
tion should be laid on the table; which motion was i
agreed to. }
CIVII. AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS, j
The civil and diplomatic appropriation bill (from j
the House) was read a first and second lime, and j
referred to the Committee on Finance. I
On motion of Mr. ALLEN, the Senate then j
went into Executive session; and after some time j
spent therein, the doors were opened, when the ,
joint resolution in relation to the examination of :
the Military Academy at West Point was again
taken up, and postponed indefinitely.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, May 29, 184C.
The Journal of yesterday was read, and having
been amended, on motion of Mr. IIARALSON,
so as to state, in the message transmitting to the
Senate the joint resolution of thanks to General
Taylor and the army under his comrnnnd, the furl
that the resolution passed unanimously, was up-
proved.
Mr. W. HUNT, on leave °ivcn, withdrew the
papers in the case of Soioman Karsy from the
files of the House of Representative*, that they
may be transmitted to the Treasury Department,
to be used in the settlement of his claims under
the existing laws.
Mr. HARALSON, on leave given, fiom the
Committee on Military .Aflairs, to whom had been
referred the bill from the Senate entitled a bill .sup-
plemental to an act, entitled 44 An net providing
for the prosecution of the existing war between
the United States and the Republic, of Mexico, and
for other purposes," reported bark the s.tme Willi
an amendment.
The bill and amendment, were referred, on mo-
tion of Mr. HARALSON, to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and oidcred
to be printed.
Mr. YOST, from the Committee on Enslaving,
reported (on leave) the following resolution, m/a
Resolved, That the maps accompanying the re-
port exhibiting the mute by which the tuuigatton
of the Mississippi river may be connected with the
navigation of the hikes, as transmitted to this
House, be published with said report, which has
been ordered to be printed by the House.
Adopted.
Mr. DANIEL, on leave given, from the Com-
mittee on Claims, to which was referred the hill
from the Senate entitled " An act tor the relief of
Amos Kendall, "reported the same without amend-
ment: ordered that said bill be committed.
Mr. DANIEL moved that the House procced to
the consideration of the private calendar; which
motion was rej
THE WEST POINT ACADEMY. |
Mr. BURT asked leave to offer the following '
joint resolution; which was read for information: [
Res,i! red by the Senate and Home of Hcprcsenlatives of
the United States of America in Confess assembled. That
<\ f*cloct committee of tin* tivo Houses of Congre.-s,to consist
of three member of the Hou-e of Representatives and "two
members of the Ornate, be nppouit"d to attend the annual
examination oi the cadet* at the military academy at West
Point, on t!>e first day of Juno next, and that the committee
be fcpecially chained with the duty ofiuquinng fully and
ininut dy into the condition of that institution; aii abuses,
it' any, thoiein, and the piopuety of reducing, abolishing, or
supporting and sustaining the same; and that the commit-
tee leport to Congiess,during it presontsession, the result of
its inquiries.
No objection having1 been made, the resolution
was received; and, having been read a first and
second time—
Mr. BURT moved that it be put on its passage.
Mr. FRIES moved that it belaid upon the table,
but waived the motion at the request of
Mr. HURT, who desired to say a few words in
explanation of the object of the resolution. It was
known to Congress that the annual examination
of cadets at West Point would commence on the
iirst day of June. U was also known to those who
hud turned their attention to the subject, that for
several years past Congress had withheld the ap-
propriation for a board ojf visiters to that academy;
and that, in consequence of 1 hat fact, the President
had deemed it to be his duty to send a board of
military officers to attend the annual examination.
Tie (im\ B.) held in his hand a communication
from the War Department in relation to the acad-
emy and these examinations. It was there sug-
gested that at this moment the officers of the army,
previously constituting this board, were so en-
grossed by their official duties as to be incapable
of attending the ensuing examination; and the
intimation was thrown out that the military com-
mittees of the two Houses should attend the
examination. These committees had conferred
together in relation to the matter, and were of
opinion that their duties in Congress would forbid
their attendance.
The Secretary of War suggested tlmt in the event
of the committees not being; able to attend, a com-
mittee of Congress should be appointed. It occurred
to him (Mr. B.) that it should now be deter-
mined whether tfuit institution shall be abolished
altogether, or reformed, or sustained. Every mem-
ber must have been satisfied that there did exist in
die country—reflected by the members here—deep-
seated prejudices against this academy. Gross
abuses were alleged, or believed to exist, and he
thought the time had arrived when the expediency
of abolishing or sustaining; the institution should
be decided upon, and when an impury into these
alleged abuses should be made. And he begged
leave to .say that, in his judgment, as the institution
was under the immediate patronage of Congress,
as it existed by its permission, a committee of that
body such as the resolution proposed to constitute,
would be the most appropriate board of visitors.
They would there inquire, on their responsibility
to their constituents and to Congress, into the facts;
their report would be authentic and reliable; the
prejudices against the institution should be remov-
ed, and if any of the abuses alleged to exist weie
found, the institution should be reformed or abol-
ished. And he really could not sec why any
member should entertain an objection to the reso-
lution. Let something- be done: let Congress de-
cide whether the institution shall be abolished or
sustained; let Congress declare whether it was a
nuisance or a public benefit. He submitted re-
spectfully that there could be nopiopriety in with-
holding all investigation. Nor was there any pro-
priety in making appropriations for the institution,
m alleging abuses against it, and at the same time
m refusing all investigation into those abuses. The
House would foresee that the resolution proposed
no appropriation of money. It imposed the duty
on members of Congress, and he trusted that as
the time for the annual examination was so near,
the House would adopt the resolution as the only
means of accomplishing the desired object.
it was suggested to iiim to move the previous
question, fie was nut disposed to cut off discus-
sion, though he trusted that there was no intention
to debate the resolution at any length. It seemed
to iiim to be too clear a proposition to call for it,
and lie hoped it would be acted on at once.
In answer to an inquiiy by Mr. Fries,
Mr. BURT was undeistood to say, that the in-
stitution was under the care of the War Depart-
ment and the bureau of engineers. If the House
pleased, he would send to the Clerk's table, to be
read, the communication from the War Depart-
ment.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL made a remark, of
which nothing could be heard by the reporter, ex-
cept what seemed to be a suggestion that the acad-
emy was a pait of the army.
The communication from the Secretary of War
was rend.
Mr. BCJRT said he had abstained from discuss-
ing the merits of the academy, or expressing any
opinion about it. He would gladly answer any
questions; and hoped that there was no disposi-
tion to go into a discussion of the merits of the
question. He felt inclined to move the previous
question, unless some gentleman indicated his de-
sire to speak.
Mr. McCLELLAND said it was known that
he had voted'liberally every appropriation for this
academy. He had heard general charges made,
from time to time, against the institution, but until
these charges assumed a specific and tangible form,
he was not disposed to vote for any resolution of
this kind. He doubted very much the competen-
cy of any committee tliat might be appointed by
Congress to examine into the affairs of the acade-
my, and he would much prefer theopimons of offi-
cers of the army, or, if Congress pleased, of pri-
vate individuals. But he was opposed to selecting
members of Congress, and taking them from their
duties here* to examine into abuses, of the exist-
ence of which they had no evidence, and when no
specifications had been made. Until such specifi-
cations should be made he was opposed to the
passage of any resolution of this kind. He did
not think that this was a proper time to cast any
rellcciion on this academy; he believed that just
now there was another tribunal before which the
merits of the. academy were being fully tested.
That tribunal was on the Rio Grande, and he be-
lieved it would be more satisfactory to the people
of the Union than any committee that could be
appointed. >
Some explanatory conversation followed, in
which Messrs. BURT, McCLELLAND, and
HARALSON, participated ; after which,
Mr. HARALSON, remarking that there were
other important matters waiting the action of the
House, demanded the previous question.
There was a second,
And the mam question (on ordering the resolu-
tion to a third reading) was ordered to be now
taken.
Mr. McCLELLAND moved that the joint reso-
lution be hud on the table, and asked theyeas.and
nays, winch were ordered; and, being taken, re-
sulted as follows:
YEAS—Mi'fssr-?. Abbott, Stephen Ad ims, Atkinson, Bell,
Benton, James A. Black, Bowhn. Boyd, Btoekonbrougb,
Brodhead, Milton Brown,Claike,Colla'mer,Collin, Culiom,
Cummins, Cunmngh.im, Darnel, De Mott, Dillingham, Dub-
bin, Ellsworth, Erdimui, Farau, Pieklin, Frusi, Grovcr,
liaim.mson, lioge, Hopkins, Hough, Geoige ri. Houston,
llungeifoid, J. B. Hunt, J. Johnson,Geo W. Jones, PnMon
Kin^, Long, Lu.upkm, McClelland, MeUvaine, MiK«u, J.
P. Martin, Barkley Martin, Morns, Moulton, Norn-, Parri*.h,
Peri ill, IY'iry, Phelp-, Keid, Reife, Rittoi, J. Rockwell, Runk,
Russell, Seammon, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, St. John,
Bfruhm, JiUiKw Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Thurman,
Tdden, Wcmworth, Williams, Woodward, and Yo t—70.
NAYS—Messrs. Arnold, A*hmun, Barrmger, Bedingei,
Burgs, Buflington, Biut, William W. Campbell, Cauoll,
Oatlicart, John G. Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman, Chusv,
Chipman, Cobb, Cocke, Cranston, Crosier, Culver, Dai-
r;ig!i, Garrett Davis, Dixon, Doekeiy, Dromgoole, Dunlap,
Edsall, John H. Evving, Edwin II. Ewing, Foot, Gaivtn,
Gentry, Guiding*, Giles, Giaham, Grider, Grmnell, Hamlin,
Iiaialson, Haiper, Henley, Herriek, Hilliard, E.B. Holmes,
Jt«aac E. Holme.*, Edmund W. liubard, Samuel D. Hubbard,
Hudson, Washington Hunt, Hunter, Charles J. Ingersoll,
Joseph R. fngersoll. James II. Johnson, Andrew Johnson,
Kennedy, Thomas Butler King, Lawrence, Leake, Lewie,
Levin, Maclay, MeClernanri, MeCrate, Joseph J. McDowell,
James McDowell, MeGaughey, Melleiuy, Marsh, Miller,
Moseley, Niven, Owen, Price, Ramsey, Rathhun, RiietJ,
RoberN, John A. Rockwell, Boot, Sawtelie, Seaman, Sed-
don, Alexander D. Sims*. Truman Smith, Albert Smith, Ca-
leb B. Smith, Stanton, Starkweather, Stephens, Sykes,Tln-
bodeauv, Thoma^on, Ben). Thompson, Tibbafts,* Toombs,
Trod way, Trumbo, Vance, Wick, Winthrop, Wood, Wood-
woith, Yell, and Young—103.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
It was then, by ayes 92, noes 54, oidered to a
third reading.
And having been read a third time by its title,
and the question being, "Shall this joint resolu-
tion pass?7'
Mr. THOMAS SMITH asked the yeas and
nays, which'were ordered, and being taken, re-
sulted as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Arnold, Ashmuu, Barriiiger, Biggs, But-
