1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
883
fington, Burt, Win. W. Campbell, Carroll, J. G. Chanman
? ' Chiptuan, Cobb, Coeke, Cranston, Crozier, Dai-ra^h'
Prf'-aifS ?ia,12> g™1', Mockery, Douglass, Duniap'
Edsall, J. H. Swing, B. H. Ewmg, Foot, Gentry, Giles, Gra-
Ha'"hn' Haralson, Harper, Hernck,
S D n ^ me^JsaaoE' E. W. Hubard
I' Sf Hudson, Washington Hunt, Hunter, Charles
inn? r A JoSrevh !l' Thomas B. King, Law-
fYate' T irT0ng' Maolay> MeClernand, Mc-
Crate, James McDowell, Joseph J, McDowell, MeG,iu l)ey,
a rS' fUler' Moscley> Owen, Ramsey
A  va, j n o®°C Yei ' Ec,ot> Schenck, Seaman, Seddon
S',?m%£'be"Smlt,>> Caleb B. Smith, Stanton
Sn t,h'  y T'"b"tlef"«, Thomasson, Benj. TJiomp-
iw rooI?',Ts' Tredway, Trumbo, Vance, White,
YouSg^l °P' ' Wooclworttl  Wright, Yell, and
bJ?'Abbott, Stephen Adams, Atkinson,
n A I I ' famns Bl<ick> Jaraes A. Black, Bovvlin, Boyd,
Broclvunbrough, Bmflliead, Milton Blown, W. O. Brown'
J-.athcart, Claike, Collamer, Collin, Culiom, Cuin.nms
v"i™1?llpn' J*1?!?' f'llingham, Dobbin, Dromgoole,
Erdiuan, Faran, PIeklin, Pries, Garvin, Girldings, Grovcr,
Hou™to'i &i.?tnf!yi ^Jge' Hopkins, Hough, George S.
>„ i ' ^""gerford, James B. Hunt, Jaines H. Johnson
ieri ? pf,tf'nS0^- rreT Jolmson> George W. Jones, Ken-
M-n'vfinS' ¥:! ' LuroPkm>M<=Cleaii, McClelland,
  lw ' McKay, John p. Martm, Baikley Martin, Mor-
Imn ReM R ?f0mn; Pamsll> Perrill, Ferry, Phelps, Rath-
! m, Reid, Relfe, Hitter, Robeits, Julius Rockwell, Rurik
Russell, bawtelle, Seammon, Thomas Smith, Robert Sirulli'
Thomnsor T?i i J$n' Strohm> Thompson, J™ob
Yo°t—|o WentivorUl> Williams, Woodward, and
So the resolution was passed.
On motion of Mr. BOYD, the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union wag discharged
irom the further consideration of the resolution
under discussion yesterday in relation to recent
victories on the Rio Grande. [Thfe reader will re-
collect that such a resolution, modified, passed the
House last evening.]
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing message, (received yesterday from the Pres-
dent of the United States,) which was read, and
referred to the Committee of Ways and iVteans:
To the House of Representatives of the United States.-
_ I transmit a copy of a note under date tiie 26t)'i
instant, from the Envoy Extraordinary and Min-
ister Plenipotentiary of her Britannic. Majesty to
the becretary of State, communicating a despatch
under date the 4th instant, received by him from
her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for
Foreign Affairs.
Prom these it will be seen that the claims of the
Crovernments upon each other fur a return of du-
ties which had been levied in violation of the com-
mercial convention of 1815, have been finally and
satisfactorily adjusted.
In making this communication, I deem it proper
to express my satisfaction at the prompt manner
in which the British Government has acceded to
the suggestion of the Secretary of State for the
speedy termination of this affair.
JAMES K. POLK.
W ashington, May 28, 1846.
Mr. HARALSON moved that the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, with a view to take up some of
the military bills.
Mr. DANIEL moved that the House proceed to
the consideration of the regular order of business,
which was the private calendar.
The motion of Mr. HARALSON was rejected.
The question recurring on the motion of Mr.
DANIEL,
It. was waived for a moment at the request of—
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, who moved to change
the reference of the bill " to provide for the pay-
ment of evidences of public debt in certain cases,''
from the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, to the Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER said that the bill being of a
public character, belonged properly to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. INGERSOLL endeavored, ineffectually, to
put the bill in a train towards its passage.
The motion of Mr. DANIEL having been agreed
to by ayes 84, noes 44, a
The. House passed to the consideration of the
private calendar.
The business first in order was the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the bill for the relief
of Charles G. Page had been laid on the table.
After a few words of explanation by Mr. HOP-
KINS—
The question was taken, and the vote was not
reconsidered.
The next business in order was on the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the bill for the relief
oi the owner and crew of the schooner " Florilla,"
had been rejected:
Mr. WOODWARD asked the yeas and nays,
which "Were ordered; and, being taken, were yeas
o5, nays 85.
So (the Speaker said) the vote was not recon-
sidered.
THE JOURNAL.
Mr. B0WXJN said he rose for the first time
during his service in this Hall to a question of
privilege, for the purpose of correcting the Journal,
iie discovered, by the papers this morning, that
he was represented as'voting in the affirmative on
the question ot striking out so much of the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill as related to ma*
nne hospitals, and by reference to the Journal, he
round that he was so represented there. And he
would here further state, that the Journal present-
ed this singular fact, that while his name upon the
roll was stricken out as being absent, yet he was
recorded as voting. And this is the only vote he
was represented, as having given on the amend-
ments or the bill-—although the ayes and noes
were several times taken during the morning.
The fact was, that he was absent during the
whole morning at the departments, with a couple
of his constituents, who had arrived on the even-
ing previous—that he did not arrive in the Hall
until after that bill was disposed of. He recollect-
ed well, that when he arrived, the resolution in re-
lation to General Taylor was under debate, which
was taken up after the bill was finally passed.
How this happened, was to him inexplicable, par-
ticularly when it is the only vote he is represented
as giving during the many votes on that bill.
It was also due to himself to state that the vote,
as lettered, entirely falsified his position on the
question. He was m favor of ictaining the clause,
and, had he been present, should undoubtedly have
voted against striking it out. On the day before,
| m Committee of the Whole on the state of the
| Union, he had voted against striking it out, and
had certainly seen no reason to change his opin-
ion, and had not. Had he been present he should
luue voted against striking it out, as he had done
the day before.
The Journal was accordingly ordered to be cor-
rected.
Mr. HARALSON moved to set aside the pri-
vate calendar, and that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and asked the yeas and nays, which were
ordered, and being taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS-Messrs. Stephen Adams, Arnold, Atkinson, Boll,
J ejitou, JJiggs, James A. , Black, IJ.nvhn, liovd, Jhod-
tioad, Bu t, William W. Campbell. Catheait, Reuben
Chapman,Chase, Clarke,Cobb, Collin, Constable. Ciozier
Cullom, Cunningham, I)e Mott, Dobbin, DiomgdoJe. Jiid-
man, I'jckh'n, Foster, Fue--., Garvin, Gentiy, Giover, Har-
ason, Milliard, Hoge, hhns B. Holmes, Hopkins, Geoige rt.
Houston, Ldmunci W. Hubard, Hunter, Charles J. loeuL-oll,
Joseph R. IngerssOjl, Juuh'S iJ. Johnson, Joseph Johnson,
Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Kennedy, Proton
King, Thomas lintt. r King, Leake, l,pil>, I,a Sure, Long,
Lumpkin, McOlclUml, Mct'leinaml, McOiatr, Joseph J.
McDowell, James M< Dowell, McKay, R.irklev Martin
Millci, M.mltou, Nivcri, Noms. Owen, Famuli, I'lieliis!
inee, RejUj i^hetf, Ititfei, Koberts, SawteJlc, Sawyer
S.-ainan, Seddon, AJ^xundei I). Sims, Simpson, Thoma-*
Smith, Robot t Smith, Stanton, Staikwcather, St. John,
Jacob Ihompson, Tiedway. Wick, Woodward, Wood-
worth, Yell, and Young—91.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, John Quinoy Adams, Anderson
Ashmun, Bayly, Carroll, John G. Chapman, Cocke, Col-
lamer, Cianston, Cummin*, Daniel, IMrgan, Dilhngbam,
Dixon, Doclu'iy, Dunlap, John H. Ewln®, Faran, Foot
Guiding*, Graham, G.idor, Giinm% Hamlin, Hat per, Hen-
ley, Herrick, John W. Houston, Samuel D. Hubbard, Hud-
son, Washington Hunt, James B. Hunt, Lewis, McCloan,
Me Hp my, Mclivaiiio, John P. Martin, Morns, Mo«eloy,
Pendleton, Petnll, Rathbun, Julius KoekwelL John A.
Rockwell,Root, Ruhsell, Seammon, Truman Smith, Caleb
11. Smith, Stewart, Strohm, flvkos, Thomasson, Jame*
r\ hotnpson, Tilden, Tiumbo, Vance, Wenuvorth, Wlute
Williams, Winthrop, and Wright—63. '
So the private calendar was set aside.
A nd the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Ham-
lin, of Maine, in the chair.)
The committee, on motion of Mr. HARAL-
SON, took up the bill supplemental to an act en-
titled " An act providing for the prosecution of the
existing war between the United States and the
Republic of Mexico," and for other purposes.
The bill and amendment were read.
Mr. RATHBUN said he had no desire to retard
the action of the Plouse on any of those measures.
But it seemed to him, from the mode in which busi-
ness was.undertaken on this floor, that it was im-
possible for any member to understand what he
was doing. No private copy of this bill, or of the
amendment, had yet been furnished. The bill was
an important one, and he moved that it be laid
aside, with a view to its being printed and exam-
ined.
The motion having been agreed to, the Bill was
laid aside for the present.
PAY DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY.
The committee, on motion of Mr. HARAL-
SON, took up the bill making certain alterations
in the pay department of the army; which was
read.
Mr. HUNGERFORD moved an amendment to
the first section, providing that all the offices hereby
created shall cease and be abolished after the expi-
ration of six months from the close of the subsist-
ing war between the United States and Mexico.
Mr. HARALSON said the bill, as reported to
this House, was substantially the same as that
which had been recommended from the Department
of "War for the last two or three years, and had
been considered necessary by the department even
in a state of peace, and much more, therefore, now
when we have increased the number of our mili-
tary posts, and probably must have still further
to increase them on account of the extension of
our teiritory by the annexation of Texas and the
existence of the war with Mexico. The posts at
which payments are to be made are widely scat-
tered. More than one hundred thousand miles
are said to be annually travelled by these officers.
The expense of travelling from post to post would
in all probability pay the salaries of the additional
number of paymasters proposed.
He would reserve any further remarks he might
make upon the bill until the amendment should be
disposed of. For the present he would send up to
be read by the Clerk an extract from the report of
the Paymaster General, accompanying the Presi-
dent's Message at the .commencement of the pres-
ent session of Congress, showing the necessity for
this increase, with the single statement that his
views had been concurred in by successive admin-
istrations of the War Department.
The extract was read by the Clerk, as follows:
"The duties of paymasters havt? been greatly increa-ed
by the extension ot fiontier and trie addition of unlitaiy
c'0n.*t(iuftnt upon the annexation of Texas. The great
dilhculty in paying the army is not caused so much by the
number of troops, as by the number of posts, and the want
ui jitiblii! eonveyanoe.s in an unsettled frontier country,
inis will he better understood when it is known, that, on
an average, one-fourth ot the funds required to pay frontier
pobts must be in specie, amounting to fiorn one to four
wagon loa-ts. The travelling to enable the officers of lid*
deparimunt to pay at all the posts and aisenals within the
United Stab's a- often as the law requires, exceeds 1C0.000
mile < por annum. This must neoes&anly bo increased by
ttie annexation of Texas,and Hill more if new posts are cre-
ated on tlif loule to Oiegon; in fact, it will then be impos-
sible, with the pirsmt numbei of officers, to pay the troops
a* the law contemplates. The olftcienc> of the department
may however, be greatly promoted by the passage of bill
No. od6, leported by the Military Committee of the House of
Representatives at the la-t session, but not jeaebed before
its adjournment. Tlic following extract fiom invlan annual
report induced your predecessor to recommend the subject
to the attention ol Congress, and will, I hope, induce you to
repeat the leeounnendation •
cnhYnVi^'tl! proper t0 &tat0 t*mt tlie pay department is
subjected to senous inconvenience by limiting -pa\ masters'
appointments to four year., without, as I believe, any im-
portant advantage to counfrbalanee it.
'•£ I aynustere are the only disbursing officers of the armv
and navy whose appointment* are limited to a term ot years;
*niiJ£n* w.0|t,n-v,of "'mark, that since the passage of the aot
w*ip^ LlC< (^rectsi tliat tSiey shall be appointed for four
jtAis, not a single instance has occurred m which a pay-
Z\-Tu, ^VT(t0ntnmcd ?ffice t0 tb« expiration ol his
te m, life.not been reappointed if he wished it. All Jaws
relating to disbursing officeis, intended to protect the treas-
masters. The President can require their
bond.-, to be renewed a* often as he may deem nccessarv
and he is required to dismiss from office all paymaster who
o to account fo.r the public funds within three months
t"1 WhlCh tI,ey were iec™!- *
that the President possesses ample power to dismiss unfaith-
ful paymaster, without the aid of the law Imntm" their
appointment, to four years, and that so far as it Stefto
the soeuiity of the public funds or the interest of the Gov-
ernniuit, it is unnece.-sary. Tlie duties of paymasters are
unavoidably suspended every time it beeomcs rieeessarv to
renew their appointments. These suspensions averse three
months, and wln n vacancies take place in the recesi of
Confess, the appointments can only continue until th<>)'■.!
Unviug session. xn such cases there must be two amoint"
me >. a"^ consequently two suspensions from duty If
oftte pleatoS!?-" "ng K00d betovior or the,,leisure'
