884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
"With reference to the amendment of the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Hcngerford,] be had
. , •  oposea
alone
V, Lirj.i •  - 'J
onl)' to say that even though the increase proposed
hy the Paymaster General was necessary alone
durino- a state of war, an order tor their discontm-
uancAmmediatrlv at its close was unusual m the
practice of the Government. Wc cannot anticipate
*vhat .stale of things may then exist. As the ser-
vice may decline, or the necessity cease for the
existence of these officers, the practice of the Gov-
ernment has been that they have been discon-
tinued.
Mr. RATTIBUN, (111 Ins seat.) When?
Mr. HARALSON". The number of officers of
the army was reduced twice. The last act by
which they were reduced passed in 1842.
Mr. RATIIBTTN inquired whether the number
of paymasters now recommended was not the same
as existed during the war of 1812.
Mr. HARALSON did not think it was*. He was
able, however, to answer the gentleman precisely
on this point. He would see 
Mr. BURT (Mr. H. yielding) begged leave to
reply to the inquiries of the gejitleman from New
York. It would not have the same effect, he said.
The number of paymasters al present was one pay-
master general and fifteen assistant paymastns.
During the war of 1812 and 1813, the department
consisted of the following officers: The Paymaster
General of the army, deputy paymaster genewil,
two assistant deputy paymasters general, and
twenty-two assistant paymasters.
Mr. HARALSON (resuming) said it would be
perceived, then, as he had stated, that tins hill did
not make at all, nor intend to make, the number in
the paymaster's department equal to what it was
in lbJ2. It proposed but a very small increase,
and that was rendered necessary by the reasons
stated in the document road, and which, it seemed,
must impress conviction on the mind of every man
in this House, especially as by our solemn act we
had recognised the existence of a war with Mexi-
co, and had authorized the raising of fifty thousand
volunteers to prosecute that war.
Mr. ANDREW JOHNSON said, if the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York—of whose
object he approved—did not succeed, he should
move to strike out the second section of the bill,
which repealed the law which limits the appoint-
ment of paymasters to four years. Tt would ap-
pear from the report of the Paymaster General,
that he entered into an argument to show that these
officers ought to be continued "during good beha-
vior," which meant during life. An mdividu.il
receiving a salary of eouise would advocate an ex-
tension of his term of service to life. But herau.se
we had a little breeze with Mexico—which no in-
dividual, Whig or Democrat, belieu d would con-
tinue four years—he would not go for fastening a
large number of additional officers upon the treas-
ury for life. He thought they ought to hold on to
the principle of rotation in office. It was a corn et
one, especially with the officer that has the receiv-
ing and disbursing of money; the greatest guaranty
wc could have for the faithful discharge of then-
duties, was to make r-hort settlements with them.
By-and-by would come pi nee, and then we could
not get clear of these officers, if we now removed
this limitation of their term to four years: and we
should ha\e them fastened on the treasury for life.
Every individual on this floor knew how hard it
was to knock them off, when once they >vere fixed
in their office, unless it was hy some such provis-
ion as this limitation of their term, made at the
time of their appointment
Mr. HARALSON said, on the subject brought
to the consideration of the committee by the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, he had a few word-? to
say. The gentleman was certainly laboring: under
a mistake.
Mr. G. DAVIS interposed with certain inquiries
directed to Mr. H. as to the relative number of the
army and of the paymaster's department in the last
war and at present.
Mr. HARALSON replied that the strength of
the army during the last war was 65,000 men, and
of paymasters (as stated by the gentleman from
South Carolina, Mr. Burt) 26; now wc had au-
thorized to be called out a force of 50,000 volun-
teers, which, added to our regular army of 15,000,
made 65,000 again; and the number of the pay-
master's department was 16.
Recurring; to the remarks of Mr. Johnson*, Mr.
H-, for the better understanding of the committee,
caused to be read the section of the act of May,
1820, which this second section of the bill under
consideration proposes to repeal so far as relates to
paymasters. It would be perceived (he said) that
paymasters were included m this section with cus-
tom-house officers, district attorneys, navy agents,
receivers of public money for public lands, &c.,
all of whom, except the paymasters, might be said
to be of a stationary character. The Paymaster
General informed them, notwithstanding the exist-
ence of this law there was not an instance of remo-
val on record; but the repeal of this provision of
the law was necessary in his view of the subject.
If the officer had faithfully discharged his duty,
perhaps lie might be athis post on the Rio Grande,
perhaps in the distant sections of the West, when
his four years expire; he would then be under the
necessity of abandoning; his post and his duties,
and coming to the interior for the sake of procuring
security.
But again: the paymasters, like every other of-
ficer of the Government, were supplied from the
treasury on the requisition of the Paymaster Gen-
eral, with funds necessary to disburse at his post
or wherevei the army was stationed, and to make
quarterly returns of his vouchers. In addition, the
President \mder the bill as reported was required to
inquire into the security of their bonds as often as
once in four years. They were therefore complete-
ly within his control, and if their duties were not
faithfully discharged, and the moneys placed in
their hands not properly disbursed, he could call
them to account and remove them at once.
The continuance, therefore, of this limitation
made the security of the faithful discharge of their
duties no greater, and it w ould subject the army to
great inconvenience, and the service perhaps to
great detriment. He certainly was as much dis-
posed as any other man to see rotation in office;
but under the law of J820, which gentlemen favor-
ed with such pertinacity on the plea of rotation in
office, the Paymaster General informed us that
there had not been an instance where the officer
desired a renewal of his commission that it has not
been done. It is, then, so faras its practical oper-
ation is concerncd, a mere nullity; for the depart-
ment, under the obligation.* which it owed to the
public service when a man had discharged his du-
ties faithfully, would not probably run the risk of
turning him out and putting another in his stead.
He, therefore, was in favor of complying with the
recommendation of the Paymasti r Genei al, and of
Avoiding the subjecting these officers to great in-
convenience, and the service to gie.u detriment,
and the Government to a gie.it expense, without
accomplishing any irood then by.
Mr. HUNG F.ftFORD modified his amendment,
so that it assumed the following form:
" That in six months after the termination of
{the Avar with Mexico, the paymaster department
( shall be reduced to one Paymaster Genera! and
' fifteen assistant paymasters."
Mr. RATTIBUN had no objection to this in-
crease of the paymaster's department of the army,
because it was altogether probable that it, was ne-
cessary, and he had no desire to withhold any
necessary force to enable the Government to carry
on this war with Mexico with all the energy and
all the spirit necessary to bring it to a speedy ter-
mination. But he was opposed to this permanent
increase, of the officers or privates of the army,
without providing in the same bill for a return to
the peace establishment when the exigency for
which it was created shall have gone by.
They were told by the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Military Affiurs, [Mr. Haralson1-,] that all
the paymasters had been continued in offico from
time to time, notwithstanding, at the end of every
four years, they went out according to law. Now,
there had been no showing that their labors were
so severe that they were not able to perform them;
but, on the contrary, that they had been retained
m office by their own choice.
As to the great inconvenience of their going out
every four years, Mr. R. contended that that argu-
ment would as well apply ro members of Congress,
custom-hoit.se officers, land officers, Indian agents,
<£-c., and the inference as well be reached that they
all should hold their offices for life. Pie advert-
ed to the beneficial tendency in preventing de-
falcations, &c., of this limited term of appoint-
ment, who, he said, was in fact a civil officer,
never being liable to be called into service; and
said the question now was, whether we would
make these civil officers officers for life; and give
the discretion of their appointment to the execu-
tive officer of this Government who was now
charged with the appointment of hundreda and
thousands of similar officers. He considered his
power sufficiently great at present, and wa& utterly
opposed to a. needless increase of it. For these
reasons he favored the Motion of his colleague and
that given notice of by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee.
Mr. STEWART thought they were giving too
much attention to the payment of officers ana not
quite enough to the payment of the private soldier.
They who "belonged to the minority of this House
were charged in the prints of the country, by the
majority oil this floor, and by the " organ" of the
Administration, wjth opposing the war, throwing
obstacles in the way of the Administration in its
conduct of it, and of discouraging volunteers. To
the refutation of this charge and the vindication of
the course of the Whig party on this question he
directed a few remarks, advocating the increase of
the pay of privates, and referring to their action
upon this subject during the present session.
Mr. GIDDlNGS briefly addressed the commit-
tee. He adverted to- the fact that he was one of
the fourteen who voted against the bill for the
prosecution of the war with Mexico, and said, until
the reasons and arguments which he had advanced
in explanation of his course were answered, (as
they had none of them yet been,) he would at-
tempt to adduco no more. Personal assaults and
insults (he said) luuhbeen heaped upon those who
had voted in the negative as the only arguments
that, could be produced.
He adverted to the reply of Mr. Thurman to
his (Mr. G.'s) former remarks, and imputed " mis-
representation" to that gentleman.
A supercilious hearing, misrepresentation, direct
personal msult, (he said,) had been the order of the
day. They had seen a member rise from one pan
of the "Union, [Mr. B. Martin,] and inquire of the
gentleman who had preceded him, [Mr. Sever-
ance,] whether he was a representative from Mex-
ico or from the State of Maine. Such an inquiry
could have been made for no other object, but di-
rect personal insult. He had no- hesitation in say-
ing it was the offspring of a steril brain, of a vi-
cious heart, and a cowardly mind. It was incom-
patible with the feelings ofn soldier or a gentleman.
Air. G. expressed his scorn forall such u insults,"
and attempts to " browbeat" upon this floor; and
! nsked, what services gentlemen had rendered to
! their country, to authoii/.c them to assume such
I an attitude towards others ? In general, their ser-
vices had been performed in negro cabins—their
slaves trembling before them under the exercise of
their unrestrained power. Gentlemen were mis-
taken. We (said Mr. G.) are not the slaves of
this overbearing arrogance, although we live in a
land where slavery is detested. This attempt to
browbeat, and to stille the free expression of sen-
timent on this floor would be utterly without avail
upon the representatives of a free people.
Mr. A. JOHNSON said it had not been his in-
tention to enter into the discussion of this ques-
tion; but as the debate had taken a wide range,
he wished to make an expose of his position, and
at the same time to answer some things which had
been said m the House in relation to a particular
profession.
He referred to the general principles that per-
vaded the action of our Government of limitation
of the tenures of office, beginning with the Presi-
dent, who was limited to four years, and descend-
ing through the lists of others; and yet (he said)
we heard from the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs, who is here under the cognomen
of a Democrat, who was a member of the Demo-
cratic party, one of whose fundamental principles
is rotation in office, rise in his place, and avow the
doctrine that it would not do for the Government
to change its officers. The gentleman said it would
be exceedingly hard for a man when he had dis-
charged his duties faithfullyto be turned out of
office. Gentlemen who were here on this floor
might with equal propriety set up the same claim,
and say, when they went home, it was exceedingly
hard that they should be turned out, and not be
allowed by their constituents to return.
Mr. HARALSON (Mr. J. yielding) said he ^
presumed the gentleman had no intention of mis-
representing him, but he had entirely misunder-
stood his remarks. Instead of his flaying1 it would
