1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
885
be very hard to have a man turned out of office if
he discharged his duties faithfully, he had said he
would be as willing, as any man to have a proper
routine in office, but that this limitation of the term
by law, when it had no practical effect but obliged
the paymaster to abandon his post and his duties,
and travel hundreds of miles to obtain security,
was extremely inconvenient, and oftentimes might
pro.ve very detrimental to the public service.' His
only object had been to promote what he thought
was efficiency in the service for the present exi-
gency. It was not the inconvenience or the hard-
ship which it might work to the individual, but to
the public service, that caused him to take the
course he had ta"ken.
Mr. JOHNSON. Now the gentleman puts his
argument on the ground of inconvenience. Do we
tind any inconvenience in changing the Secretary
of the Treasury once in four years or oftener ?
Mr. HARALSON. The paymasters are not in
the civil department of the Government, but are
connected with the army. We want to put them
in the same condition of all the other officers of the
army.
Mr. JOHNSON (resuming) said it would not
require a great deal of training or long experience
10 receive and disburse money and keep ihe ac-
count of it. Any clerk could do that. He did not,
therefore, seethe force of the gentleman's argu-
ment.
Thegentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,] in
the coarse of his remarks yesterday, in pronoun-
cing his eulogy on General Taylor—(and Mr. J.
was willirg to concur in any encomium; he cared
not how high a tribute to the gallant officers and
soldiers who had recently distinguished themselves
on the Rio Grande)—had seen fit to make an invi-
dious distinction, and to strike an unwarrantable
and unauthorized blow upon a certain portion of
the community. Mr. J. belonged to the class that
was alluded to, and here, in the face of an Ameri-
can Congress, he was not ashamed to avow that
he was a mechanic, and of that class to which the
gentleman alluded yesterday.
Mr. DAVIS (Mr. J. yielding the floor for ex-
planation) said he had yesterday expressed the
hope that but one gentleman of the committee
could have so far misunderstood him as to have
supposed that he made an attack on any particular
class. He had stated yesterday (and he did not
think the gentleman could have heard him) that
the science of war was to be acquiicd by study,
and he referred to the location and construction of
the bastioned field-work opposite Matamoras, and
to the manner in which the Mexican batteries were
silenced, <&c., and he said that these things could
not have been done by a blacksmith, but that
scientific instruction iri military tactics alone could
have accomplished it. He not only reflected on
no individual, but he reflected on no class, and
merely said that scientific education was as neces-
sary in the art of war as was the proper training
in any other occupation or profession.
Mr. JOHNSON (resuming) said he had no idea
of misrepresenting the gentleman. He had not
yet stated what he did say, but had before him
the report of his remarks in the Union, from which
he was going to read when he was interrupted.
He had said he was a mechanic, and when a
blow was struck upon that class, either direct or
by inuendo, from Whig or Democrat, he would
resent it. He knew we had an illegitimate, swag-
gering, bastard, scrub aristocracy, who assumed
to know a good deal, but who, when the flimsy
veil of pretension was torn off from it, was shown
to possess neither talents, information, nor a foun-
dation on which you can rear a superstructure that
would be useful. He warmly vindicated the re-
spectability of the mechanical profession, and cited
from history, sacred and profane, various instances
qf distinguished personages, who were themselves
mechanics, or the sons of mechanics, and of the
common walks of life, commencing with Adam,
who (he said) was a tailor, and sewed fig leaves
together, embracing also the Redeemer of man-
kind, who suffered on Calvary's cross, that a
ruined world might be saved—who was the son of
a carpenter. Morgan, who achieved the victory
of the Cowpens, was a blacksmith; Benjamin
Franklin, a printer, &c., &c. Andrew Jackson
(he said) and General Washington were neither
graduates at West Point, and. yet what were the
military feats they accomplished, and the military
skill they displayed!
Mr. J. proceeded to say, although he had given
his vote for the bill for the prosecution of the war
with Mexico, and was in favor of taking all neces-
sary measures to prosecute it with energy, he was
opposed to increasing innumerably and permanent-
ly the officers of the army, until he was satisfied
the country needs them.
He vindicated the truth of the preamble of the
bill. _ He thought the warhadbeeacommenced by
Mexico; that she was the aggressor. The gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Delano,] he knew, had said
that the preamble was the quintessence of falsehood;
but had not the Mexican army crossed the Rio
Grande, invaded American soil, and shed Ameri-
can blood?
The gentleman had told them that it was an ille-
gal, unjust, unconstitutional, and damnable war.
And yet he told the House, at the conclusion of
his speech, that he was willing to vote to carry it
on! What inconsistency! But the gentleman,
j because of the preamble, finally voted against the
| bill!
Again, Mr. J. commented on the inconsistency
I of the gentleman's position—that justice was on
j one side and honor on the other in connexion with
I them. As he understood it, they were identical,
i Also, upon the distinction that had been taken by
j gentlemen from South Carolina, [Mr. Rhett and
I Mr. Holmes,] between a state of " hostility'5 and
i a state of war. Henceforward Virginia must yield
the palm to South Carolina for refined abstractions.
Let the gentleman go to the common people of the
country when our country had been invaded by
an enemy, and American blood shed, and they
would find it extremely difficult to convince them
that no war existed.
Mr. J. repeated that the war had been com-
menced by Mexico. He recounted some of the
series of perfidy and outrage of the Mexican Gov-
ernment, their refusal, on a mere quibble, to receive
our Minister after they had consented to receive
one; their failure to pay the instalments due under
treaty, and other of her acts as sufficient cause for
war, independent of this invasion of our territory
and murder of our men, by which she had actually
commenced the weir. He alluded to the convulscd
and distracted state of that nation, miscalled a
" republic." He believed that nation had reached
its acme, its apex of power under her present
rulers. He believed the decree of Heaven had
gone forth against it. It was a doomed nation.
Their many acts of treachery had brought down
the arm of an angry God, which he believed would
never be raised from them until that Government
was changed and a new one substituted. And
perhaps this Government might be made use of by
a wiser Power, that is always circumspect and
cautious, and moves sometimes mysteriously to us
—perhaps the Anglo-Saxon race might be now
selected, with us present institutions, as the power
to rebuke, change, modify, and relieve them from
the oppression under which their down-trodden
nation is now laboring.
Mr. BURT obtained the floor, and, declining to
yield to Mr. Jefferson Davis for explanation,
gave way, at request, to
Mr. ATKINSON, on whose motion the com-
mittee rose and reported.
Mr. KENNEDY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, made a report.
Mr. HARALSON offered a resolution, providing
that all debate on the bill in relation to the pay
department of the army should cease in half an
hour after it should again have been taken up in
committee.
Mr. BURT suggested that the resolution should
be so amended as to extend the time to one hour.
Mr. ASHMUN moved that the resolution be
laid on the table.
Mr. DROMGOOLE and Mr. ATKINSON
moved that the House adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and, being
taken, were—yeas 100, nays 6:2.
So the House adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, May 30, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday having been read— •,
Mr. HENLEY said that -he was recorded as
having voted in the negative, on the motion to lay
on the table the joint resolution respecting the
West Point Academy, whereas he had voted in
j the affirmative, >
The SPEAKER said the Journal would be so
amended.
And thus amended, the Journal was approved.
When the House adjourned last evening, a
resolution was pending, introduced by Mr. Har-
alson-, providing that all debate on the bill making
certain alterations in the pay department of the
army, should cease in half an hour after it should
again have been taken up in committee;
Which resolution Mr. Ashmtjn had moved to be
laid on the table;
And the question on that motion having been
taken, the resolution was not laid on the table.
The question now recurring on its adoption,
Mr. BURT moved so to amend it as to substi-
tute one hour for half an hour.
Mr. ATKINSON moved to amend the amend-
ment by striking out one hour, and inserting two
hows.
The question was taken first on the amendment
of Mr. Burt, and it was rejected.
And the amendment of Mr. Atkinson, by yeas
6D, nays 50, was agreed to.
[No quorum voted, but the fact was not noticed.]
And, thus amended, the resolution was adopted.
So the House determined that all debate on the
bill should terminate in two hours after the bill
shall again have been taken up in committee.
Mr. BOYD (leave'having been denied) moved a
suspension of the rules, to enable him to make a
motion, that hereafter the daily hour of meeting
shall be ten o'clock, and that the House will take a
recess from two o'clock until half-past three.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and, being
taken, were, yeas 71, nays 60.
So, two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended.
Mr. RATHBUN, on leave, made an explana-
tion in relation to some remarks made by him in
committee yesterday.
Mr. DANIEL moved that the House proceed to
the consideration of the private calendar. He asked
that the House would at least dispose of the pri-
vate business on the Speaker's table, after which it
could determine whether it would go into commit-
tee on the private calendar or not.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered, and,
being taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Abbott, Arnold, Ashmnn, Bell, Blaneh-
aid, Brodhead, Bufhngton, Carroll, John G. Chapman,
Cocke, Cranston, Culver, Cummins, Daniel, Dargan, Dar-
ragh, De Mott, Dockery, Edsall, Erdman, Garvin, GiddLngs,
Giaham, Glider, Grinnell, Hamlm, Hampton, Herrick,
Elms B. Holmes, Hough, John W. Houston, Samuel I).
Hubbard, Hudson, Kungerford, Washington Huntj James
B. Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Jenkins, James H. Johnson,
Joseph Johnson, Daniel P. King, Lewis, Long, Maelay, Me-
Cloan, McClelland, MoIIeriry, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Miller,
Niven, Noma, Payne, Pendleton, Pollock, Rathbun, Ritter,
John A. Rockwell, Root, Schenck, Seddon, Severance, Al-
bert Smith, Stewart, Strohm, Strong, Thibodeaux, Thom-
asson, James Thompson, Trumbo, White, Williams, Wni-
throp, Wood, Woochvorlh, Wright, and Young—77.
• NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Bedinger, Benton,
Biggs, James Black, James A. Black, Boyd, Brmkerhoff,
Buit, Cathcart, Augustus A. Chapman, Reuben Chapman,
Cha^e, Cliipman, Clarke, Cobb, Cullom, Cunningham, Jef-
ferson Davis, Dillingham, Douglass, Dromgoole, Dunlap, Ed-
win H. Ewing, Ficklin, Fries, Grover, Haralson, Henley,
Hoge, Isaac E. Holmes, Hopkins, George S. Houston, Hun-
ter, Charles J. Ingcrsoll, Andrew Johnson, George W.
Jones, Kennedy, Thomas Butler King, Leake, La Sere,
Lumpkin, McConncll, Joseph J. McDowell, McKay, John
P. Martin, Barkley Martin, Moiris, Morse, Parrish, Pemll,
Peny, Eeid, Relfe, Roberts, Sawteile, Sawyer, Scammon,
Alexander D. Sims,Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Stanton,
Starkweather, St. John, Jacob Thompson, Tibbatts, Tred-
way, Wentworth. Wick, Woodward, and Yeli—71.
So the House proceeded to the consideration of
the private calendar.
The bill directing the mode of settlement of the
accounts of Thomas ap Catesby Jones, coming
up,
The amendment heretofore reported from the
Committee of the "Whole, was agreed to.
Arid the bill was read a third time and passed.
Mr. WEKTWORTH moved a reconsideration
of the vote, but the House refused to reconsider
it.
The bill for the relief of Philip B. Holmes and
William Pedrick coming up on the question of
concurring in the report heretofore made by the
Committee of the Whole, recommending that the
bill do not pass—
Mr. SCHENCK called for the reading of the
report of the committee who reported the bill, and
it was read.
The report was then concurred in.
So the bill was rejected
