1846.
THE-CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
887
marching army requires that their commissions
should not expire during a campaign, as much as
that a purser's commission should not expire on a
voyage; and the tenure of their office should be
fixed in reference to this, perhaps the most im-
portant, portion of their duties. The proposed
change of tenure could not impair their efficiency or
weaken their responsibility under ordinary circum-
stances, whilst it would adopt them to the extraor-
dinary condition of war. The liability of all dis-
bursing officers of the army to be removed by the
President is constant; it is expected to follow im-
mediately on a failure quarterly to account for
funds placed in their hands, and with the amend-
ment to require new bonds every four years, the
present bill seems very free from well-founded ob-
jections.
The gentleman from South Carolina has so ably
covered the whole ground that it is unnecessary to
go further into it.
Mr. D. referred to remarks made yesterday^ by
Mr. Johnson, of Tennessee, which were particu-
larly directed against himself. He said, among
those to whom he had been long-known no expla-
nation could be necessary; but here, having been
misunderstood, it seemed to be called for.
Once for all, then, he would say, that if he knew
himself, he was incapable of wantonly wounding
the feelings, or of making" invidious reflections j
upon the origin or occupation of any man. ;
He had, two days since, in a reply to the gentle- |
man from Ohio, endeavored to correct this misun- |
del-standing; it seemed, however, he had not sue- j
ceeded. That gentleman [Mr. Sawyer] had, on !
a previous occasion, expressed his want of confi-
dence in those officers of our army who had been
cadets, and said, for the defence of the country we I
must look to the farmers and mechanics. !
Mr. D. said, in answering that position he had j
referred to the service lately rendered by our army j
on the Rio Grande—had pointed out the results j
of skill and military science, and asked if such i
achievements could have been expected from men
who had not the advantage of a military education.
He named two of the trades of civil life, not be-
cause they were less useful or honorable than
others, not that either one or the other could dis-
qualify a man from acquiring the other. On a
former occasion, and for a similar purpose, he had
made an extended allusion to many trades and
professions, to all he had not thought it necessary
again to refer. His opinion, in all its bearings, was
no more than this, that war, like other knowledge,
must be acquired. A military education did not
qualify for the civil pursuits of life, nor did pre-
paration for any of the civil pursuits, in itself,
qualify for the duties of a' soldier.
Was it necessary for him to say that a citizen
might acquire the knowledge of arms, might be-
come a distinguished soldier? Surely no one can
deny it. He referred to the commander-in-chief
of our army in terms of high commendation as a
scientific soldier; said he had once been a lawyer,
but had ceased to be.so, and his military fame
since he had become a soldier had almost swallow-
ed up the remembrance of his earlier profession.
Mr. W. HUNT obtained the floor, but yielded
at request to
Mr. A. J0E1NS0N, who said, in the remarks
he had submitted yesterday, he had intended no-
thing unkind to the gentleman from Mississippi,
but merely a vindication of the trade to which he
(Mr. J.) belonged, and of others. He caused to
be read the following paragraph of the remarks of
Mr. Davis on a previous day, upon which he (Mr.
J.) also commented yesterday:
"Mr. D. referred to a gentleman, who, a short
' time since, upon this floor, expressed extreme
' distrust in our army, and poured out the vials of
' his denunciation upon the graduates of the Mili-
' tary Academy. He hoped now the gentleman will
1 withdraw those denunciations; that now he will
' learn the value of military science; that he will
' see in the location, the construction, the defence
' of the bastioned field-work opposite Matamoras,
' the utility, the necessity of a military education.
' Let him compare the few men who held that
' with the army that assailed it; let him mark the
' comparative safety with which they stood within
' that temporary work; let him consider why the
'guns along its ramparts were preserved, whilst
' they silenced the batteries of the enemy; why
' that intrenchment stands unharmed by Mexican
' shot whilst its guns have crumbled the stone walls
' in Matamoras to the ground; and then say whether
' he believes a blacksmith or tailor could have se-
' cured the same results ?"
Mr. D. said he retracted none of this now.
Mr. JOHNSON (continuing) argued that this
sentence contained an invidious discrimination of
the tailor and the blacksmith; else, if the gentle-
man had intended to refer only to the"necessity of
a scientific military education, why did he not say
that no one except those who had received such ed-
ucation would be competent to command an army,
to make an effective defence of the " bastioned
field-work," and attack upon the enemy, and to
meet all the contingencies of war. Mr. J. warmly
defended the tailor and blacksmith, and other
classes of mechanics from any imputations of this
kind,and maintained their gallantry and their equal
ability to defend the country in the field of battle
with that of any other class of the community.
He also proceeded at some length in further vin-
dication of the mechanical professions of the coun-
try, and in reply to previous remarks, as well as
remarks of this day of Mr. Davis, to whom he
yielded several times for inquiry and explanation;
the debate in all its stages not being of an entirely
pleasant nature.
The time allotted for the debate having expired,
the committee proceeded to vote.
The amendment of Mr. IIungerfoud, by ayes
97, noes not counted, was agreed to.
Mr. J. A. BLACK offered the following amend-
ment, which was agreed to:
But it shall be tlie dutv of the President of the United
States to require the bond< of all di.-tiiet p;iyma.-ters to be
renewed once in every four years.
Mr. STEWART oifered an amendment increas-
ing the monthly pay of volunteers to §10, and pro-
viding that those who serve to the end of the war,
and the heirs of those who died in the service,
should be entitled to 160 acres of land.
Mr. TIIURMAN moved to amend the amend-
ment, so as to make it apply to the regular army
also.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The question recurred on the amendment of Mr.
Stewart, and a division was ordered.
Mr. YELL offered the following as asubstitute:
•flndhe it fiulhei enacted, That every iion-connni«.siorie(l
otheei, tini'ieian, ami pnvate, m th" service of the United
i^tute-?, either in the leyniar army, vohintoei, or militia
vice, r.hall, lioin and -it'ter tile parage ol' tins aet, iveeive
$'3 per month m addition to their l>av now allowed by
law ; thi  additional pay to continue during the war, and 110
longer
The substitute was rejected.
The question again recurring on the amendment
of Mr. Stewart,
Mr. S. JONES moved to amend it by adding
after the word "volunteers" the words "who
shall serve during the war." Rejected.
Mr. PERRY "moved to amend the amendment
by adding, "provided the said war shall continue
eighteen months fiom this day." Rejected.
Mr. S. ADAMS moved a similar amendment,
saying six months. Rejected.
Mr. CONSTABLE moved to make the monthly
pay $20 instead of <10. Agreed to.
And the first branch of the amendment of Mr.
Stewart, as thus amended, was, by a vote of
ayes 53, noes 66, rejected.
The question recurring on the second branch of
the proposition, (i. e. as to a bounty of land,)
Mr. JOHN H. EWING- moved to amend it
by making the pay of volunteers |9 per month.
Rejected.
Mr. LEAKE moved to amend the amendment
so that the bounty lands should be located in Texas.
Rejected.
And the second branch of the amendment of
Mr. Stewart was rejected.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved to strike out the
second section, (repealing so much of the act of
1830 as relates to the term of office of paymaster;)
which motion, by ayes D7, noes not counted, was
agreed to.
Mr. ROOT offered an amendment increasing the
pay of non-commissioned officers, musicians, and
privates, to ten dollars per month.
Mr. T1BBATTS offered an amendment giving
$3 extra pay per month to the non-commissioned
officers, musicians, and privates; and also making
provision for bounty lands.
Both these amendments were declared out of or-
der, on the ground that they had already been
voted down.
I Mr. TIBBATTS appealed. .
And the committee sustained the decision ot ttie
Three or four other amendments were offered (of
which we have not copies) and were voted down.
Mr. McKAY offered a substitute for the whole
bill, which was adopted.
The Committee then rose, and reported the bill
as amended. ' „ ,
Some conversation followed on points ot oraer.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON demanded the previous
question.
There was a second. The mam question was
ordered, (being first on the substitute arhendmen ,)
and, being taken, it was agreed to.
The bill was then read a third time.
And the question being on its passage,
Mr. HOGE asked the previous question. 1 here
was a second. .
The main question was ordered, and, being
taken, the bill was passed in the following foim,
to wit:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of RepresenlMvesof
the United Slides ot America in Congress assemble*!, that
the President of the United States lie, and he   hereby,
authon/.ed, by and with the advice and consent of the teen-
iite, to appoint tinec additional paymasters, to be attachea
to the pav department of the army. . ,
Andbe it father enactcd, That the officers appointed m
viitue of tl)i.s aet shall pcrfoimthe game duties, leceive the
same nav and allowances, as the present paymasters or tne
army ; and shall in like manner he subject to the rules and
.. articles of war; and previous to entering upon the duties ot
II their offices, shall ffive such bonds to the United States as
the Secretary of War may direct, for the faithful perform-
anco of then duties: Provided, That tlie officers herein
named shall continue in service only so long as the increase
of the rank and file of the army may be necessary, as autlio-
i izod and provided for in an act passed duung the present
>e sion.
Mr. A. D. SIMS moved to reconsider the vote.
On motion of Mr. HOPKINS, the motion was
laid on the table.
Mr. HARALSON moved that the House again
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, with a view to the considera-
tion of other bills reported by the Committee on
Military Affairs.
And, pending this motion, a motion was made
to adjourn.
The question was decided by yeas and nays,
and there were, for the adjournment 68, against it
9(>.
So the House refused to adjourn.
And the question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Haralson, to go into Committee of the Whole;
and that question being taken, there were, ayes
61, noes 19. No quorum.
Another motion was then made to adjourn, and
the question was again taken by yeas and nays;
and there were, for the adjournment 49, against it
81.
A call of the House was moved, which the
House refused to order.
And the question again recurred on Mr. Haral-
son's motion to go into committee; when
Another motion was made to adjourn, which
prevailed. Ayes 72, noes 58.
And the House adjourned at eleven o'clock.
IN SENATE.
Monday, June 1, 1846.
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented the petition of Abi-
gail Edgerly. widow of a deceased revolutionary
soldier, praying a pension; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. DIX presented the memorial of merchants
and other citizens of New York, praying the adop-
tion of measures for establishing commercial inter-
course between the United States and the govern-
ment of Japan; which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petition of Dudley
Walker, a purser in the navy, praying to be al-
lowed a credit on his accounts for commissions on
certain disbursements, and for clerk-hire, and other
expenses; which was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. DIX presented the petition of Meigs D.
Benjamin, praying the repayment of duties alleged
to have been illegally exacted of him by the collec-
tor of the port of New York; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
[A message was received from the House of
Representatives announcing that said House had
passed the Senate bill making alterations in the
