BBS
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
pay department of" the army, with an amendment.
Also, several private bills.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, announcing that he had signed
and approved the Texas post-route bill, and a bill
relating to the July terms of the circuit and district
courts for the district of Ohio. Several messages
in writing were also received.]
Mr. SEVIER, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, leported a bill to regulate trade and inter-
course with the Indian tribes in the country of
Oregon, and to preserve peace., and to cultivate
friendship with and among said Indians; which
was read, and passed to the second reading.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
.Lands, reported a bill to grant a right of pre-emp-
t on to Philip F. Derring and Robert H. Chapion,
of Iowa county, Wisconsin Territory; which was
read, and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, submitted an adverse report
upon the petition of Smith Craw; which was or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the same committee,
submitted an adverse report upon the petition of
David Cury; which was ordered to lie printed
On motion of Mr. A., the committee was dis-
charged from the further consideration of the abo\e
petition.
Mr. D1X, fiom the Select Committee to whom
was referred the (Ilutise) bill establishing the.
Smithsonian Institute, repoitcd the samc°with
amendments; which were ordered to be printed.
The bill making alterations in the pay depart-
ment of the army was taken up; when, on motion
Mr. HUNTINGTON, the bill and amendment
made thereto by the House of Representatives were
referred to the Committee on Military Adair*.
The (House) bill for the relief of Thomas ap
Catesby Jones was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions. °
The (House) bill for the relief of Nathan Smith
and Charles K. Smith, and others, was read a first
mid second time, and referred to the Committee 011 ;
Commerce. ;
The (House) joint resolution for the relief of i
Seth M. Leavenworth, was read a first and second j
time, and referred to the Committee on the Post I
Office and Post Roads. !
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
report of the Committee on Foreign Relations, upon '
; General Ann-
June 1 
the claim of the owners of the bri
strong; when,
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, the '•
further consideration of the subject was postponed !
until Wednesday next. i
On motion of Mr. SPEIGHT, the Senate pin- '
ceeded, as m Committee of the Whole, to the con-
sideration of the bill appropriating: alternate sections .
ot the public lands for the improvement of Lhc Pearl
river.
Mr. SPEIGHT described the lands n«kcd tn be
appropriated as almost worthless, being suh|W t
to inundations, and stated that the amount of a.'res
embraced was about half a million; the length of
the river, according to us couise, being abotu three '
hundied miles. ' I
Mr. JOHNSON, of Loi lisiaim, forrohoraied ibis
description of the lands along the lower shores of
Pearl river. Of the upper region he did not know
imythm#.
Mr. BAGBY opposed this system of giving '
away the public lands for the purpose of* internal
improvement. He viewed it as an improper exer-
cise of the power of Congress. He expressed his
conviction that no great cornmei eial advantage was 1
to be expected from this donation, for the whole 'I
banks of the liver were, a series of sloughs and
slashes, through which no vessel ever couTd make '
its way.
Mr. SPEIGHT said he, had known three or
four steamboats, with 1 argoes worth from <,5,000 to
§10,000 each, come up the rher in a season.
Mr. BAGBY replied that after a three months'
ram, this may have been the case. He objected !|
to the bill on the ground of expediency as well as
foj* constitutional reasons: and concluded with '
asking for the yeas and nays on the question of •
the engrossment of the bill.
Mr. SPEIGHT expressed his regret that when- •'
ever application was made to Congiesa for anything ||
or the benefit of Mississippi, it was not only met '
by an opposition from the old States, but by a side
blow from some one of the new States. This
work had been considered of so much importance
in the State, that the Legislature had memorialized
Congress 011 the subject. He respected the consti-
tutional objections of the Senator from Alabama;
but in giving to Congress the power "to dispose
of" the public lands, the Constitution had confer-
red the power to sell these lands, or give them
away, according to its discretion. Its power over
the public domain was an unlimited power.
Mr. BAGBY denied that the Constitution gave
I! Congress power to dispose of the public lands for
j j unconstitutional purposes. It was a sound moral
:j axiom never to do indiiectly what could not be
] done directly; and it was not to be permitted that
'' money which could not be directly drawn from the
j Treasury, should be drawn in this indirect mode.
1 Mr. CHALMERS vindicated the bill, and re-
plied to the objections of the Senator from Alaba-
ma. He represented Pearl m eras passing through
as rich a cotton country as was represented byany
Senator 011 this floor". Through this river the
; produce, of Hinds county found its way to Mobile.
! By opening this river the lands immeaiately on its
banks, now unsaleable, would be drained and ren-
; dered valuable. Thus the. United States, as a
1 landholder, would be merely doing, by making'
; this appropriation, what every prudent proprietor
j Mould do for the benefit of his property. By the
; increased value which would be, thus ui'ven to the
reserved sections, Government would obtain dou-
:j ble the value of the whole domain in its present
, state.
j Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, reminded the
Senate that millions of acres bad been granted by ^
I Congress, from time to time, for the pin-poses of i
i; internal improvement, heretofore; and this was a '
| sufficient answer to the constitutional objections of
1 the Senator from Alabama. The interest which
Louisiana had in this appropriation was compara-
! lively trifling, as Pear! river only touched her
'! boundary; but. its improvement was of vital im-
. portance to the. State of Mississippi. She only
j asked a boon similar to that which had been alreu-
: dy <;i\ en to the other new States.
I On motion of Mr. HANNEGAN, the further
j consideration of the bill was then postponed, and
j the Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
] SI'EC'fAI. ORDER.
[ 'rile Senate then proceeded to the consideration
ot (be bill to proict'i tbe rights of'American citi/,e,ns
111 the Oiegon territory.
The question pending being on the motion of Mr.
1 liKNTON, to refer the bill, with instructions, to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
1 Mr. CASS addressed the Senate, as follows:
I did not intend, Mr. President, again to trouble
the Senate upon any question, connected with our
claim to Oregon, or with the proper course of
policy to adopt in support of it. And I avowed
to those friends with whom I am ill the habit of
free consultation, this determination to remain si-
lent, believing I had occupied my full share,of the
attention of the Senate, and of the public, so far as
the public can be interested in any views of mine,
f am now, however, compelled to break the silence, i
I had imposed upon myself, and again to vindi- i
cafe the position in which I am placed. The hon- j
orable. Senator from Missouri has referred to me, '
l?y jiunK', and if I would not serin to abandon the '
•rrotind, I have occupied, I must defend it from this
new^ arid vigorous assault. ( shall, however, be
brief: avoiding recapitulation, and confining my-
self'almost exclusively to two of the propositions
submitted by the Senator,—one entirely new, the
other presented in the previous discussion, but
again brought forward, though with new facts and
illustrations, and extended to more remote regions.
The former is the assertion of the non-existence of
the line of 54° 40', and the latter the assertion, that
the parallel of 49° was established as a boundary
between the British and French possessions, by
commissaries under the treaty of Utrecht, and that
it ran to the northwest coast.
1 he Senator commcnccd by the work of demoli-
tion—pulling down before he built up—clearing
off the rubbish occasioned by the labor of others, to
procure, a fair site, preparatory to the task of re-
edification. And how has this system of destruc-
tion and of substitution been effected? The process
and the result I propose to examine.
In the first place, he announces, that till now we
have all been in error, including the President, and
Congress, and the country, and that no such line?
as the p&rallsl.of 54° 40! has-ever been established
as the northern boundary of Oregon, and he con-
siders that this- correction of a griJat popular error
is enough to " quiet the excitement, which has
been got ap about it." I fear, sir, that the honor-
able Senator deceives himself, and that this excite-
ment, as he terms it, or this conviction of the ex-
tent and justice of our title, as I term it, is far
beyond the reach of any new reading of old docu-
ments, however gigantic may be the-intellect which
puts itself to the task of giving out and vindicating
a new system of national rights, or any new evi-
dence in support of them.- The honorable Sena-
tor is us competent to the performance of thiig-
labor, as any one among us. But, sir, when a great
question like this has occupied the attention of arc
enlightened country and Government, in somtf
mode or other, for almost half a century, and more
recently has called into its service the heads and
tongues and pens of hosts of able men in public
and in private life, the discovery and promulgation
of new views, giving an unexpected direction to a
great controversy, is not indeed impossible, but is
so far improbable, that lie, who claims the title and
the reward of a discoverer, must expect to have
his pretensions investigated with much care, and
admitted with much caution. The honorable Sen-
ator, in the exultation of anticipated success,
speaks of the philosophy of the fiflij-four-forltes, and
says " (here is an end of that question ! All gone—
vanished—evaporated into thin air—and the place
where it was, not to be found." And then comeS
the parturition of the mountain, and the birth of
the mouse.
It is a good old fable, intended to convey a use-
ful truth. But it is somewhat dangerous in its ap-
plication, especially when he, who appeals to it, in
the very act of decrying the labor of another, an-
nounces cx cathedra the value of his own. Pulling
| clown to build up! annihilating one line to estab-
lish another! There is sufth a thing as putting the
saddle 011 the wrong horse.
The honorable Sefmtor says, " there is no bound-
ary at 54° 40'." I quote his very words, and join
issue with hint. If there is not, I shall then con-
fess, that I for one am liable to all the sneers he
c&Sts upon the fifty-four-forties, as he calK theft),
and upon their cause; while, if there is, I shall
leave to the honorable Senator the position he has
assumed.
And whence, this declared popular error, re-
specting the boundary line of 54° 40' ? It origi-
nates, says the Senator, in the treaty with Russia,
concluded in 1824, the third article of which he
quotes—
" Art. a. It, is moreover agreed, that, hereafter, there shall
not bo formed, by tin; citizens ot the United Slates, or un-
der ttie authority oftiie said States, miv establishment upon
the northwest coast ot' America, nor in any of the iiltmis
adjacent, to the north of fifty-four degrees forty minutes
north latitude; and that, in ike same manner, tilery shall be
none formed by Italian subjects, or under the authority of
Russia, south of the same paiatlef."
Now, sir, this, one would think, is clear enough.
Here is fifty-four forty, established as a boundary,
as plainly as words and types can establish it, be-
yond which the claim of the United States cannot
extend. It is the northern limit, across which we
cannot, go. We may march up to it; with that
Russia haii no concern. But the moment we
attempt to put foot over it, we shall be met by
this convention, and our plighted faith not to pass
it. If this is not a boundary to us, I am sure I
do not know what boundary we can have, there oj
anywhere else. It is a point not to be discussed.
It gains no strength by argument, no clearness by
illustration. It is a boundary line; and wh'en that
is said, all is said. I am well aware it is a line in
poise, and not in esse, established upon paper, and
not actually marked upon the surface of the globe.
But so is most of the boundary between us and the
British possessions, and between us and Mexico.
And the Senator himself, in his argument, Where
he undertakes to prove the establishment of the
parallel of 49°, as the fine fixed under the treaty of
Utrecht, expressly says it was established but not
run. Tt was nevertheless a great linfe of demarca-
tion, whose effects are said to be felt upon the rights
of nations at this day. All boundaries between
countries, which are not natural lines or marks,
must be first fixed by diplomatic arrangement, and
when this is done, their establishment upon the
earth becomes a questicin of fact, and is usually
