1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
891
duced, when so much better is within the reach of
the parties. Two months are amply sufficient to
procure from the archives of London or Paris evi-
dence upon this subject, which would terminate
the controversy. Until that is produced, I, for one,
shall protest against the rights of our country being
limited or affected by the assumption of a line, rest-
ing merely upon loose assertion, and upon deduc-
tions'made from them.
"With respect to the existence of this line under
the treaty of Utrecht, what evidence not already
considered, and, as I think, fairly refuted, has the
Senator from Missouri produced ? I shall glance
at, rather than examine, the facts he has brought
forward.
First, he states that the British Indian traders
asked as a favor to be permitted to trade in Louis-
iana south of 49, which was refused. The official
communication of the British ministers, referred
to in Support of the above assertion, respecting this
parallel, does not support it. The application was
made under the treaty of 1794. Louisiana was
acquired subsequently. No specific boundaries
are alluded to, but a claim is made to trade with
the Indians in Louisiana. But the honorable Sen-
ator states that Major Stoddart, who was then, I
think, not Governor of Louisiana, but military
commandant at St. Louis, in his Sketches of that
country, speaks of its northern boundary as follows:
"The commerce ofCrozat, by the terms of the patent, ex-
tended to the utmost limit of Louisiana in that quartei,
which, by the treaty of Utrecht, m 1713, was fixed at the
49th degree."
I think I may safely appeal to the honorable
Senator and ask him, whether he thinks such a
mere assertion as this is entitled to any weight in
the determination of this grave question ? Major
Stoddait says that, by the treaty of Utrec.hf, 49°
was the northern boundary of Louisiana. But
Major Stoddart was no original authority on such
a subject, more especially at the distance of a cen-
tury from the execution of the treaty. He had,
no doubt, read the statement of Douglass, which I
will again quote at the hazard of repetition, as it
seems to have been the source of the opinion enter-
tained respecting this matter. His language may
be more or less traced in all the notices, that I have
observed. He says, page 7:
"By the treaty,however, the Canada or French line with
the Hudson Bay Company of Great Britain was ascertained
from a certain promontory upon the Atlantic ocean, in iitty
degrees thirty minutes of noith latitude, to mn southwest
to Lake Mirftissm, to be continued stiJl pouthweat to the
forty-mnt.i degree, and from thence due west indefinitely."
But, sir, notwithstanding the reverence the hon-
orable Senator from Missouri professes for the
views of those who have' preceded us in their ac-
tion on this subject, he himself arraigns the con-
duct of Mr. Monroe, in concluding a convention
with England in 1818, by which the parallel of
49° was established as the line of demarcation, be-
tween her western possessions and ours, east of the
Rocky Mountains. He says " the treaty of Utrecht
i did for us what our own treaties did not."That
* convention was an not of supererogation, so far
i as it followed the line of Utrecht—an act of deep
4 injury so far as it stopped it."
"The line of-19 degrees was just as well established, and
just as well resp cted and observed ftom the Lake of the
Woods to the KoeJcy Mountains, before that convention as
after it. Nay, more, it was the understood line between
those mountains and the sea, and would itself have settled
the Oregon question, and settled it wisely ana beneficially,-
if it had only been permitted to remain unmutilated."
Then, sir, these Jifty-foxir-forties are not the only
persons, who have discredited the existence of this
line, east of the Rocky Mountains. It has been
authoritatively and practically disclaimed, and dis-
avowed, and discredited, both by the British and
American Governments. The act by which this
was done he calls an act of "supererogation." I
call it an act of wisdom, founded on the convic-
tion of both of the parties, that a line of demarcation
between their respective territories, was necessary,
and never had been established. The honorable
Senator censures Mr. Monroe for this arrangement.
But Mr. Jefferson is equally censurable, so far as
respects this work of supererogation, for he made
precisely the same offer to England in 1807. He,
indeed, struck out a provision that the arrange-
ment should not extend west of the Rocky Moun-
tains; but he did this in order not to excite the
jealousy of Spain.
The honorable gentleman, in the previous dis-
cussion of this matter, did not present this subject
in the same point of view. After noticing the projets
for the establishment of 49°, he says: " Here is
1 concurrence in the proceedings of commissaries
' under the treaty of Utrecht." l< Here is submis-
' sion on the part of the British," &c. What was
then concurrence and submission now becomes super-
erogation. But, sir, Mr. Jefferson's fame may be
redeemed, and the credit of the American and
British Governments for common sense supported,
by reference to a very obvious consideration; and
that is to a doubt respecting the existence of this
line of 49°—a doubt which, in all probability, ulti-
mately strengthened into conviction. The very
view, which the honorable Senator now presents,
was presented by myself in a former discussion,
in order to prove that all the statesmen alluded to
must have believed or suspected this celebrated
line was a nonentity. This work, then, which
occupied the attention of the two Governments at
various intervals for ten years, was not a work of
supererogation, but of prudence. 1 said: "But if
4 by concurrence is meant, that this line was actu-
4 ally established by the treaty of Utrecht, and
c thus binding on the parties, no other convention
' was necessary. Both nations, upon this assump-
* tion, mistook their own rights and their duties.
1 The boundary had been established a century
' before, and they were carrying on a useless and
' barren negotiation, which was thus blindly and
' unnecessarily ripened into a treaty in 1818."
The Senator introduces a memorial from Lord
Selkirk, in which there is an allusion, although
not a very clear one, to the treaty of Utrecht; hut
as it says expressly that " the stipulations of the
4 treaty ofUtrechtas to the limits of the Hudson Bay
' territories do not hear at all upon the question,"
and as this memorial is characterized by the Amer-
ican ministers as an idle paper, I shall not stop to
examine it; especially as I know of nothing in the
position or character of Lord Selkirk, which would
£ive to his opinion any peculiar weight in the ad-
justment of this question. The establishment of a
great national boundary rcqviires better evidence,
than the surmise of even a Scotch nobleman, who
possessed no source of information, not open to all
of us. We want facts, and not opinions, and facts
authentically proved.
I pass by, also, the memorial of Messrs. Mon-
roe and Pinekney to the Spanish Minister, because
they repeat the same facts, in almost the same lan-
•juaere, which were communicated by Mr. Madison
to Mr. Monroe, and which have been traced back
to Douglas. These gather no strength from rep-
etition,"and must be judged by the original author-
ity, and not by the number of transcribers.
The honorable Senator has made a remark, in
the justice of which, I fully concur. He says:
" That when a man is strug?;! ins: in a just cause,
he generally gets help, and often from unseen and
unknown quarters/'
He says "that timely assistance has comc to
him in this matter," and anions: these unforeseen
contributions, he has introduced a letter from Mr.
Pitkin to Mr. Webster, in which the writer sneers
at my credulity, or pities it, I know not which,
because I have placed myself upon the statements of
J)Tr. Greenhoir. I shall not turn out of my path to
redeem myself from this charge of credulity, or
what would be still less dcsirablo, to escape the
pity of Mr. Pitkin. I have more important ob-
jects in view. That gentleman refers to a conver-
sation, which took place at the dinner table of Mr.
Jefferson in 1806, in which that eminent man ad-
vanced the opinion, that by the treaty of Utrecht
the parallel of 49° was established, as the boundary
between the French and English possessions.
The opinion of Mr. Jefferson gains no weight by
this repetition of it. We had it before in a much
more authentic form: in the letter of instruction
from Mr. Madison, Secretary of State, to Mr.
Monroe. I repeat, sir, we must pass by all these
opinions, formed a century after the event to which
they refer, and go to the original authorities,
which are as open to us as they were to our prede-
cessors, and with the additional benefit of a severe
and long continued investigation.
Mr. Pitkin transmits also an extract from the
work of Colonel Hutchins, which was presented
by Colonel Pickering to Mr. Jefferson, and the
Senator from Missouri seems to give impoitance
to this additional testimony. It is still the same
question—the question of repetition. I must make
my acknowledgments, as well as the Senator
from Missouri, to friendly contributors; and one
gentleman, whom I will name—and he is not only
a personal friend, but a man of reading and judg-
ment, (Mr. Buel, of Detroit)—has investigated the
subject with research and care, and has furnished
me with the result of his labors. I owe to him an
extract from Salmon's Modern History, published
in 1746, which I will refer to. I shall place m
juxtaposition the extract from Hutchins, furnish-
ed by Mr. Pitkin, by which it will be sufficiently
evident, that these authorities are essentially the
same, the latter being derived, in all probability,
from the former:
From Salmon. From Hutchins.
" And commissaries did af- " And commissaries after-
terwauls settle the limits by wards, on both sif.es, ascer-
an imaginary line (h awn from tained the limits by axt ima-
a promontory situated on the ginary line, running from a
Atlantic ocean, in58desrees cape, or promontory, m New
30 minutes, and i mining: from Britain on the Atlantic ocean,
thence southwest to the lake in 50 degrees 30 minutes north
Miseoi-mk, or Mistazan, and latitude, then southwest to
from thencc southwest inde- the lake Misgasing, or Mis-
! finitely to the latitude of 49; tassm ; from thence fuither
! all the countries to the noith southwest direct to the lati-
being assigned to Great Brit- tude of 49 decrees. All the
am, and all on the south, be- lands to the north of the lm-
tween that line and the river aginary line bring assigned
St. Lawrence, or Canada, to to Great Britain, and all
France." southward of that line, a* far
as the river St. Lawrence,
to the French."
These extracts, sir, are similar in their state-
ments, and almost the same in their language. The
one was parent, and the other offspring. There
are but two differences—emendations made by
Hutchins from his own views, or from inforina-
tion obtained elsewhere. One is the substitution
of latitude 50° 30', and the other is in changing
southwest indefinitely to southwest direct. This un-
fortunate line has so many Protean shapes, that it
eludes all attempts to seize it.
The Senator from Missouri says that " this was,
' without doubt, the identical paper transmitted by Mr.
'Madison to Mr. Monroe;" and he adds: "I men-
' tioned that paper once before, when it was pretty
' well cried down by the Senator from Michigan,
' [Mr. Cass.] 1 mention it now again, and with
' hopes of better results."
My opinion on this subject remains unshaken.
The identity of the language used by Mr. Monroe,
in carrying into effect the instructions of Mr. Mad-
ison, with'the language employed by Douglas, as
I stated on a former occasion, leaves no doubt of
their common origin. Let us compare them;
Mr. Monroe says: Douglas says:
" The boundary was ascer- ".The line was ascertained
tamed by a line, beginningin from a certain promontory on
the Atlantic, at a cape or pro- the Atlantic Ocean, in 58° 30'
niontory, in 58° 3U' north lat- oi'north latitude, to run south-
ltude; thcnce southwestetly west to LakeMu>tissen,to be
to Lake Mistusseu; thence continued sti!! southwest to
fuithei southwe.-t to the lati- the 49th degree, and from
rude of 49* north fioin the thcnce due west indefinite-
equator, and along that line ly 5>
indefinitely."
Now, sir, there is in these extracts a parity, not
to say an identity, of language, which speaks their
common origin. As Salmon was the authority for
Hutchins, so was Douglas the authority for Mr.
Monroe.
How the Senator from Missouri could refer to
the extracts from Hutchins, in pioof that a line was
established by the treaty of Utrecht, west of the Hud-
son's Bay Company possessions, and still more,
how he could refer to it as the foundation of the
representation made by Mr. Madison and Mr.
Monroe, is to me incomprehensible. Why, this
line, according to Hutchins, expressly stops, when
it reaches the parallel of 49°, and yet'his authority
is here introduced in support of the statement of
its indefinite extension on that parallel, and its con-
tinuance as our boundary to the Pacific.
His line runs from Lake Misgasing or Mistassin
directly southwest to the parallel of 49°. It will
be found, by reference to the maps, that this lake
is in latitude 50° 30', (nearly,) and almost north of
Clnebec. A line run thence southwest would strike
the parallel of 49°, nearly north of Cornwall, in
Lower Canada, and about two hundred and fifty
miles from that place. The lake is itself one of the
sources of Rupert's river, a confluent of Hudson's
Bay. And the country divided by this line may
be described, in general terms, as lying between
Hudson's Bay and the Atlantic, north of the St.
Lawrence. Thus confirming the reference made
by Salmon, and by Hutchins after him, to the
southern extension of the region, partitioned be-
tween England and France.
Now, sir, how stands this matter? Douglas said
