892
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June t,
this line started from a promontory in 58° 30', and
run thence southwest to Lake Mastissen; thence
southwest to the 49th degree; thence indefinitely
west.
Salmon said the line started from a promontory
in 58^ 30', and run thence southwest to the Lake
Maseosmk or Mistassin, and thence southwest in-
definitely to the latitude of 49°
Jeffreys said the lino started in about the latitude
of 5G°, and drawing with it a curve (mirabile dicta)
through the Lake Abitibis down to the 49tli degree;
thence to the Xorihwcst ocean.
tlutcluns said the commissioners ascertained
this limit by an imaginary line from a cape or prom-
ontory in New Britain, on the Atlantic ocean, in
50° 30'north; thence southwest to Lake Misga-
Miig or Mistassin; from thence further southwest
to latitude 49°.
Messrs. Monroe and Pincknevsaid the line began
in a cape or promontory m 58° 30', to run thence
southwesterly to 49°, and thence indefinitely west.
Here, sir, are no less than five different bounda-
ues, referred to as established under the treaty of
Utrecht. We cannot belie\e they are all correct.
And which are we to choose? Are wo to slop at
•19°, with Salmon and TIutchins? or are we to go
on indefinitely west with the other authorities5 Is
the course to be direct or curvilinear ? These loo^e
statements aie altogether too doubtful, indefinite,
and contiadictory to be relied upon in such an in-
xestigation. They are practical illustrations of the
wisdom of the principle, which requires the best
evidence the nature of the. cas'e admits. That best
evidence is at London and Paris. Let H be pro-
duced.
The honorable Senator acknowledges the receipt,
m a letter from Mr. Kennedy, of an extract from
the j'turiidl of the English House of Commons in
1714, showing that comniissnrie«s were appointed
fur settling the trade between England and' France,
and he deduces ftom that entry the conclusion, that
commissaries were probably appointed at the same
time to carry into effect the tenth nrticlc of the
treaty of Utrecht, which relates to limits. There
is no necessity to make this a matter of deduction.
WV have better evidence on the subject, to which I
have before referred, and to which I will refer again.
It is the statement of Father Charlevoix, the celo- ;
brated traveller, and historian of the French settle- i
ments in America, who was sent to this continent |
by the French Government to explore and describe
their possessions. Jle says:
The negotiation^ lu'tu en the two 07m n* foi the hmm- ;
riaiu> era-til, although commissaries had been nppomicd
on Itoih Mile-; o\e  emee the yeru 171D.''
And this is corroborated, if the .statements of
fuich a man as Charlevoix needs corroboration, by
De Mofias, who says, that—
u Tlu'iv docs not o\i>t in nnv written record.  toi in any
map-- "i oliarw. a Mimic document-iiowuitj th.it thc^e fi ori-
tur • (she bounUarje- urjd ;i' the to-aiv of L'hccht) ever weie
(l-'fi-iitivr ly e-ul>h<.]K,d. Ami iti 11:2.1. all proceeding. on
hrtfl heen abandoned, aeemding to Falhei Clinr-
that not the je.ist pretext intirhl he given to violate
tile pood under««tiiiutiiie. which u ]in<! hcen found su> duheuit
to c-tahli-h b( U\ ecu th" two (Vhvik of Prance and Knir-
I.inil. The archive- of the Ollice ot Fori '<m Affair*- contain
no eh'Ut'i oi memoir rel.iun'j to the treaty ol I'necht, ie-
"firihiii: these fiont ei«s. pot do tho-c of the flepartnunil o(
Mannc: and thu.- the a.-hCilsoit ot Charlevoix i* fully sus-
tained." !
There is no doubt of the appointment of com-
missaries. There is no doubt they met and com-
menced their diplomatic discussions. Prnjets were
probably received and inteichangcd. And perhaps
the discoidance among the historians, to which I
ha\e aheady adverted, auscs from then refcicme
to these papers, and covnftr papers, nnd not to any <
final act of the commissarits. I repeat, sir, what ,
I said on a former occasion, I do not presume to ,
speak dogmatically on the subject. I lis my opinion,
from the proofs before me, that no line was finally
settled under the treaty of Utrecht. This opinion
I am ready to change whenever the present evi-
dence is changed into evidence more satisfactory.
The honorable Senator says, that when the cele-
brated map of George III. is produced, a ted lme
will be found on it about " a tenth of an ineh wide,"
marked <k Boundaries between the British and
French possessions in America, «s fixed by the treaty
of Utrecht." f have only to say, sir, that I have
already declared war against one red-lined man.
Whether I shall do so against another, it will be
time enough to determine, when I see it, and exam-
ine the circumstances connected with it.
So far, sir, this discussion respecting boundaries.
under the treaty of Utrecht has no practical bear-
ins; upon any question before us. But the Senator
now carries the line west of the Rocky Mountains,
a position not before assumed, and which, if estab-
lished, will take from us almost one half of the Ore-
gon territory. There is not one of the authorities,
to whom he refers, who carries the line upon the
parallel of 49° to the Northwestern ocean. The
Senator says, indeed, that JefiTreys does, but the
quotation he introduces from that author does not
support this view. He seems to attach much im-
portance to this authority; so much so, indeed, that
I shall stop a moment to examine it.
" Thomas Jeffreys, Esq.,'1 as stated by the Sena-
tor, " was geographer to his royal highness the Prince
of Walts." He was a professed map maker, and he
wrote a work, published in 1760, entitled ** History
of the French Dominions in North and South
| America." The Senator says: <{ He takes credit
! ' to himself for making- it (the line of D'Anville)
| i more favorable to the French than the French had
j { made it for themselves." What changes he made,
; or upon what principles, arc not shown. The re-
matk is not calculated to increase our estimate of |
lus accuracy. '
, The iSenaior says that "the latitude of 49° to j
' the Western ocean is hia limit of the British pos- j
, ' sessions." I will not assert, that there is any j
mistake here, for [ cannot refer to the book, quoted '
! hv the Senator; but if the extract he. gives contains j
1 all that Jeffreys snys upon the subject, it certainly i
1 does not justify the construction, thus given to it. '
; Jeffreys, as quoted, says, speaking of the line: j
Beirinintia: at Davis**; Inlet, on thecal coast of Labrador, !
I oi New Britain, in the latitude of about f>f> doEie^, ami draw- j
| mi? with it u curve (cr-rtahi'ii .t cm/ prc< i\e description of <ni j
■ important hiuiiderv) tin ouch the [4al<e Abitibis, down to the j
49th decree of noith latitude ; from thence: to he continued j
I to the Noith\ve>t ocean, as it wiu settled hj CoimnUhioners ;
] under the tieatj olTticeht.1' * j
Here is no continuance upon the. parallel of 49°, f
| but a continuance, without describing the course, |
j after slating the parallel. If, however, Jeffreys !
! intended toasseit, that the line followed the paral- 1
I lei of 49°, he is at war with himself, and utterly .
| unworthy of confidence, lu his work, published !
; seven years afterwards, in 1760, to which I have
[ already referred, he says: " Canada, according to
! the English accounts,is bounded north by the high-
lands which separate it from the country about
Hudson's Oay/'t^c. " Its limits towards the west
extend over countries nnd nations hitherto undis-
coxered.11 1 [ere is neither 49, nor the northwest
ocean, But still further. In this xvork is a map
ol North America, exhibiting the. boundaries be-
tween the. British and French possessions. And
upon this map is a line whieh commences in the
Hudson's Bay ie;.;iom-., and runs thence about
southwest, pntfhnrs one hundred miles, nearly in
the. latitude of 48°; thence northerly on a curvi-
linear course to a point north of 49°, and ahout
north from the west end of Lake Superior, where
that part of the map stops. It is a line, which evi-
dently follows the highlands, as stated fabove by
Jeffreys; because, with one exception, it divides
the waters running north from those running south.
And it is thus marked: "Bounds of Hudson's
Bay by the treaty of Utrecht."
Douglas carries the line indefinitely west, and
that expression mudit bo rendered consistent with
its termination east of the Rocky Mountains, be-
cause the western boundnrv of the Hudson Bay
possessions (the limit of the British territory in that
direction) was unknown.
1 will not go over tins matter, sir, but 1 will take
the liberty of adverting to the synopsis of the con-
siderations, connected with it, which I submitted
to the Senate on a former occasion:
]. It is not shown that any hnc was established
on the parallel of forty-nine to the Pacific ocean.
2. The country on the northwestern coast was
then unknown, and 1 believe unclaimed; or, at any
ratp, no circumstances had arisen to call in question
any claim to it.
3. The British negotiators in 1818, and their
minister lice in 1844, fixed upon the voyage of
Oaptain fook, m 1778, as the commencement of
the British title to what is now called Oregon.
4. The treaty of Utrecht provides for the estab-
lishment of a line, between the British and French
colonies, including the Hudson Bay Company.
The British held nothing west of the company's
possessions, which, by the charters, included only
the " lands^ countries, and territories" on the waters
running into Hudson's Bay.
5. If England established this line to, the Pacific
ocean, she can have no claim south of it; and this
kind of argument ad honiincm becomes conclusive.
And let me add, that I owe this argument to my
friend from Missouri, [Mr, Atchison,] to whose
remarks upon Oregon, the Senate listened with
pleasure and with profit some time since.
6. How could France and England claim the
country to the Pacific, so as to divide it between
them in 1713, when, as late as* 1790, the British
Government, by the Nootka convention, expressly
recognised the Spanish title to that country, and
claimed only the use of it for its own subjects, in
common with those of Spain ?
To these I will now add—
7. ISfootkn Sound is north of latitude 49°. If
the limits under the treaty of Utrecht established
that parallel as the southern boundary of the British
possessions to the northwest ocean, now happened
it that, in the great controversy of 1790, between
Spain and England, this conclusive fact was never
adverted to by one party, nor by the other ?
Strawre, indeed, that so decisive a consideration
should have escaped the observation of the Spanish
statesmen; and still more strange, that it should
have escaped the searching investigation, which the
subject underwent in the British House of Com-
mons, by Pitt and Fox, and the other master spirits
of that day. The controversy could not have ex-
isted, if this discovery had been then made.
So would this question stand if Spain had been
n party to the treaty of-Utrecht, or had been bound
by any arrangement made by France and England,
for the establishment of a line between their re-
spective territories. But the fact is, that any such
arrangement for the partition of the country west
of the Rocky Mountains was impossible, from the
circumstances of the times, and from the position
of those thiec Powers. The treaty of Utrecht ter-
minated the long nnd bloody war, which arose out
of the Spanish succession. Louis XIV succeeded
in placing his grandson, Philip V, upon the throne
of Spain. Franco and Spain were closely con-
nected, nnd had fought the war together. They
were allies, and the enemies of England. The
Spanish jealousy of that and of the following age,
respecting theSpanish possessions, especially those
upon the "Pacific, is well known; and, at that time,
no other Power interposed an adverse claim to that
region. It is utterly incredible, that in such a state
of things, France would consent to the extension
of the British possessions to the northwest coast,
and least of all, that she would make herself a
party to such a llagrant act of injustice. It was
not a single treaty of IJtrrcht, which put an end to
the war." There were different treaties formed.
The one between France and England was a treaty
of peo.ee, and also a treaty for the regulation of
commerce, and for the establishment of bounda-
ries. That between Spain and England was a
treaty of peace and commerce only, and contained
no stipulations respecting boundary. An effort by
France and England, to divide the country upon
the northwest coast between them, would have
been resisted by Spain, as an act of war. Instead
of any such effort, this pretension of their right to
appropriate to themselves a country unknown to
them, now seriously asserted in the American
Senate, has been unrevealed to the world, till call-
ed into existence at this late day, and announced
without any real evidence to support it, as a means
of settling a controversy about limits, in a region,
which neither France nor England had explored,
and to a foot of which they never laid claim.
I shall briefly allude to one other topic, and then
abandon this discussion. While I was happy to
hear the honorable Senator avow his determination
to support the recommendations of the President
in his annual message at the commencement of the
present session on the subject of Oregon, I deeply
regretted to find, at the same time, that in the far
most important point, he differs essentially^ from
the President, and proposes a course, which, it
seems to me, is not only impolitic and unusual,
but which will necessarily lead to the loss of one-
half of the country in dispute, and may lead to a
division of the other half. The President proposes
the assertion of our jurisdiction over Oregon. The
honorable Senator proposes its assertion over only
about one moiety of Oregon. This is a fundamen-
tal difference, which 110 argument can reconcile.
The extent of the Oregon of the President is known
to all of us. It is the same Oregon which excites
such deep solicitude among the American people.
