1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
898
It is bounded north by the parallel of 54° 40', as
announced by Mr. Buchanan in a letter to the Bri-
tish Minister, dated July 12, 1845. It is the same
Oregon, which is claimed by the British, and over
which they have extended their jurisdiction. But
the Oregon of the honorable Senator stops at 49°;
his line dividing what neither nature nor political
rights destined to a division.
And why, sir? why does the honorable Senator,
in opposition to the-repeated declarations of the
American Government, and to the strong feeling
of the American people, erect a-barrier upon the
parallel of 49°, saying, Thus faryou may come,but
no farther? Why does he insist upon a legisla-
tive annunciation, which, while it could not give us
the country to that parallel, would forever deprive
us of all hope "of the country beyond? If this
question is placed upon the ground of expediency,
and if that artificial line upon the surface of the |
globe is assumed as a reasonable line of compro- 11
mise—reasonable because dividing the country into
two nearly equal parts, and because it has been
several times offered by the American Government
to the British Government as a limit of concession—
then I find 110 fault with those, who take this view
of the matter, and who propose thus to terminate
the controversy. I-Ic who believes, that both par-
ties have an equal title to the territory in question,
or that any obligation is created by offers of com-
promise heretofore made and rejected, may well
look upon the parallel of 49° as a just and equita-
ble line of partition. I repeat, I find no fault with
this view of the matter. But this is not the view
of the Senator from Missouri. He says the 'parallel
of 49° is the line of right, " resulting from the treaty
of Utrecht." "Thus," says theSenator, "the line
of right is the best for boll) parties," &c. i(Forty-
nine is the line of right with me," fyc.
And why is this the line of right? Because it was
established by the treaty of Utrecht. If not thus
established, it is no line of right. And he, who seeks
so to establish it, must prove it. Let the honorable
Senator prove it. I submit to him, if the loose and
contradictory notices, he has brought forward, are
sufficient proofs of the existence of a great line of
national demarcation, under any circumstances, and
still less, under existingcircumstances, contradictcd
as they are by the highest considerations, and by
the most respectable authorities. I submit to him,
whether it is wise to stop his country's pretensions,
without the most irrefragable evidence, that his
country is wrong.
Is there such evidence ? The Senator refers again
to the progress of this negotiation, and invokes the
acts of Mr. Jefferson and of Mr. Madison, as indic-
ative of their opinions. I shall not go over this
ground, only recalling, that aH this was before the
Florida treaty, and before the discovery of the error,
respecting the line of Utrecht. Our rights have
since then been extended by purchase, and made
known by correct historical investigations.
The Senator says:
C{ It is the line of right, resulting from the treaty of
Utrecht, and a«i such, always looked to, m the eaily stage*
of this controversy, both by American and British statesmen,
as the ultimate baf-is of settlement and boundary between
the countries." " It is the line of all the American states-
men, without exception, twenty and forty yews ago.'1
Now, sir, here is a great error, and I am going
to prove it. I am going to prove, that this parallel
of 49° was not the line of all the American states-
men, twenty and forty years ago. Nay, more, sir;
I am going to prove it was not the line of the Sen-
ator himself. And he has given proof, by long
years of services, of his right to the title of an em-
inent statesmen. The task is an easy one. To the
laic and to the testimony.
In the very first negotiation, in 1818, upon this
subject, after the war, and before the acquisition
of Florida, in the statement of the claims of the
United States, Messrs. Rush and Gallatin " did
not assert that the United States had a perfect right
to the country, but insisted that their claim was at
least good against Great Britain.*'
In 1S23, Mr. Monroe proposed to England and
Russia, as I have already shown, that the parallel
of 51° should be our northern boundary.
Mr. Rush, in a communication to Mr. Adams,
dated August 12th, 1824, informed him. that in his
interview with the British ministers, he had claim-
ed for the United States, "in their own right, and
as their absolute and exclusive sovereignty, the
whole country west of the Rocky Mountains from
the 42d degree to at least as far up as the 51st de-
gree of north latitude."
He says likewise, in the same communication,
that "the claims of the United States above the 43d
parallel, as high up as 60°—claims as well in their
own right as-by their succession to the title of
Spain—would henceforth necessarily preclude oth-
er nations from forming colonial establishments
upon any part of the American coast."
Mr. Rush, in the course of the discussion, re-
marks: "It was clear, by the treaty of Paris, of
1763, her territorial rights (those of Great Britain)
were bounded west by the Mississippi."
It is not among the least remarkable incidents of
this remarkable controversy, that in the American
Senate, the existence of this line, even west of the
Rocky Mountains, is so peremptorily asserted, that
all who but doubt and call for evidence, are parties
to a pie poudre insurrection, a puddle lane rebellion,
which spreads from a clerk in the Department of State
to this dignified body, having organs big and little.
Happily for the truth of history "it now dies," says
the honorable Senator, "the death of the ridiculous."
And yet the two Governments, who conduct and
are responsible for the negotiation, totally discredit
and disregard this line, not only by a most con-
temptuous silence, leaving it out of the discussion,
but by asserting pretensions, utterly inconsistent
with its existence. Many a weapon has recoiled,
and many an anticipated victory has been turned
into a defeat. King Priam is not the only man,
whose spear fell without effect, Telumque imbelle
sine ictu conjecit. "Let not him thatgirdeth on his
armor boast, as he that puttcth it off."
On the 18th of August, 1842, the honorable Sen-
ator from Missouri delivered a speech in this body,
on the subject of the Ashburton treaty, in which
he entered at some length into the consideration of
our title to Oregon. In that-speech, he stated that
the line of 49° was established by the treaty of
Utrecht, as a line between France and England, and
that we, as the successors of France, were entitled
to the benefit of it against England. He did not fit
all consider this line as limiting us to the north;
for he expressly says that, "without giving vswhat
ice were entitled to by the right of discovery, and as
the successors of Spain, it would still takefrom Great
Britain all she wanted. "
"Nootkais m latitude SO®, heme four degree8? north of the
Columbia, ami to thai degree did Spain asseilnml main-
tain bet title iiffamvt Crtnat Britain in 1790. lint this was
not the extent ol' that right. Against the British she assert-
ed it to the whole extent of the coast; against the Russian5?,
(the only real claimants with ouv&elves m that quavtei,) to
latitude 55°." What becomes of tiie British claim
now?"
This is certainly going jam up, or I do not know
what jamming is.
"Thus, as claiming from Spam, our title is good against
England, throughout ihe whole coast; against Russia to lati-
tude 55°. 
" Our title is clear, that of the Biitish null. She sets up
none; that is, she state* no derivation of it. There i* not a
paper upon the facc of the earth, in which a Butish Minister
has staged a title, or even a claim. They have endeavored
to obtain the country by the acts of diplomacy, but have
never stated a title, nor ever can stnte one.'"''
" No, s=ir, no. Great Britain relies on her own audacity,
and our mercantile iove of peace. Her title is her will and
hei arms."
On the 2d of February, 1843, the honorable
Senator, in a debate upon the Oregon bill, says,
" I grant that Great Britain will take offence at us,
4 but that is not the question with me. Has she a
1 right to take offence? That is my question, and
' that being decidcd in the negative, I neither fear
{ nor calculate consequences.55 "Courage will
' head her off. Pear will bring her upon us. The
( assertion of our rights will command her respect;
(the fear to assert them will bring us her con-
' tempt."
In a speech in the Senate, on the 12th of Janu-
ary, 1843, the honorable Senator said, "as a fact,
' that treaty (the Nootka Sound treaty) nullifies all
' British claim on the northwest coast; as a law, (if
' not abrogated by war,) it would still confine them
' to the pursuit of hunting and fishing. The treaty
' of 1819, by which wc acquired all the Spanish
' title north of 49°, has given us all the benefits of
* The Senator fiom Missouri, m some rcmaiks immediately
following this speech, stated that this observation respect-
ing the British title, had reference to the valley of the Co-
lumbia; while I rtecompanv the extract with thi^ limita-
tion, as an act of justice, I may be permitted to lemark, that
it doe® not at all a/feet the eondubions at which I airive.
The Senalor assume? a^ a postulate, that the pniallel of 49°
is tbe line of litrht, which bounds our Oregon. But the val-
ley of the Columbia extends probably four degrees noith of
that limit, and by claiming the whole of that valley, tins line
is ju«t as much nullified, as a line of right, as it would be by
going to 54° 40', 01 to any distance beyond.
4 the Nootka Sound treaty, both as a fact and as a
4 law; and tested by either, the British are excluded
4 from the northwest coast of America, for all the
* purposes of settlement or colonization."
Now, sir, I thank the honorable Senator, because
he does not get augry xoith us fifty-four-for ties. It is
not for me to reconcile these views with the position
he now occupies. I confess I am too simple for
that. And though I take the nostrum recommend-
ed .by him, and rub my eyes, and rub again, I am
still encompassed with darkness visible. I sup-
pose it is because I cannot distinguish between things
and loords.
On the' 27th of May, 1827, Mr. Gallatin an-
nounced to the British commissioners (a fact I
have already referred to, but which I must again
introduce in this connexion, even at the hazard of
repetition) thatu his Government did not hold itself
< bound hereafter in consequence of any proposal,
' which it had made for a line of separation be-
6 tween the territories of the two nations west of
6 the Rocky Mountains; but would consider itself at
6 liberty to contend, in their fullest extent, for the
4 claims of the United States.''
If this does not mean, that the preceding offers
of 49° and of 51° were offers of compromise,
claiming less than we were entitled to, then lan-
guage has lost its force, or I my power to compre-
hend it.
In the session of Congress of 1827~'28, a bill
was reported in the House of Representatives as-
serting our jurisdiction to 54° 40'.
On the 30th of August, 1845, the American Sec-
retary of State, in a despatch to the British Minis-
ter, says:
"Upon the whole, from the most careful examination
which the undesigned has been able to bestow upon the
subject, he i?s satisfied that the Spanish American title, now
held by the United States, embracing the whole territory
between the parallels of 42 decrees and 54 degree* 40 min-
utes, is the best title m existence to this entire region."
Now, sir, who has a right to say, that since
1818, any one Administration of the American
Government, or any member of that Government,
has considered the parallel of 49°, as the extreme
northern limit of our claim? It is obvious, that
that line has been offered as a line of compromise,
of concession, of conciliation, and not recognised
as an existing boundary.
Well, then, sir, we claim north of 49°. "We may
differ in our estimate of the nature of this claim",
and of the strength of our title. To some it may
appear so clear as to justify our assertion of it as
a boundary at all hazards. While to others it may
appear doubtful, and a proper subject for negotia
tion and compromise. I do not object to this.
But I do object, and strenuously too, to any attempt
on the part of the Senate to discredit this claim,
whatever it may be. It seems to me unwise, im
politic, indeed unconstitutional, if not dangerous.
The Executive, in his negotiations with a foreign
Government, for the settlement of a great question
of boundary, asserts our title to a given limit.
The matter is sub lite, to be settled by the pen or
by the sword. Docs it becomc Congress to make
a formal declaration, for such, in fact, the proposi-
tion of the honorable Senator amounts to, that 49° is
our northern boundary, and thatthe President and
his predecessors have demanded more than we are
entitled to ? For it is obvious, that when the Sen-
ator proposes to establish the boundary by treaty,
but that till it is so established, the parallel of 49^
shall be regarded as our northern limit, all the
country to the north is at once abandoned. Eng-
land comes to 49° by our act, and a proposal for
compromise will be for her, in effect, a proposal to
divide the region to the south. So far she is sure.
She has the best of the bargain, for we begin by-
ceding to her one-half of the territory, without the
slightest consideration on her part. The disposi-
tion of the other half must abide events.
This is not the way, in which men conduct their
affairs in private life. We should form but a poor
estimate of the wisdom of the man, who, claiming
a tract of land, should commence a controversy by
saying to his opponent, This whole land is'mme,
but I will begin by yielding to you one-half of it.
Now, let us go to work to make a compromise for
the other half. But the proposition of the Senator,
if I understand him, is to be a legislative ultima-
tum. It is a direct interference with the Execu-
tive functions. We had better leave the matter
where the Constitution has left it, and where it
can be much better managed, than by congressional
interference.
