894
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
June 1,
Bat what could be gained by this course under
any circumstances ? England claims an undivided
moiety of the Oregon territory. If wo appropriate to
ourselves the whole country south of 49°? without
her consent, we are just as sure to have a contest
with her, as if we extended our jurisdiction north
of that line. "We should place ourselves in no bet-
ter position by this act of concession. It would be
made equally without consideration and without
benefit. By the assertion of exclusive jurisdiction,
within whatever limits, we forcibly evict England
fiorn her possessions; and let it be the whole or a
moiety, wo equally interfere with her claim. We
must negotiate or come into contact. And if we
arc to come into contact, let it be for the whole.
What Englishman discredits an English claim ?
During: the progress of this whole controversy, no
man in England doubts the title of England, lie
may he prepared to compromise; but while he does
this, lie compromises in his opinion by concession,
lie claims to 42°; but if he agrees to retire across
the Columbia river, he does so in a spiHt of mod-
eration. Wc may draw lessons of wisdom and of
patriotism, too, from other nations. My own sen-
timents  re known. 1 desire to go to 54° 40', and
I should prefer the bill with that specie boundary.
But I would accept it with indefinite limits, leaving
the whole adjustment to the President. If the
amendment of the Senator prevails, 1 shall vote
against it.
Mr. BENTON rose in reply, and asked the
Senator from Michigan if lie had participated m
the sport of a fox hunt.
Mr. CASS shook his head negatively.
Mr. BENTON Nor 1 either; but I have learnt
one of the rules of the sport, which is, never to
atleinpt to ride on both sides of the sapling. The
Senator from Michigan seems to have been igno-
rant of tins rule, at least politically; for he is on
both sides of CJieenhow—washing his hands of
him in the beginning of his speech, holding fast
to him in the end. Mr. B. said he should spend
no tunc on the Utrecht ticaty; but he would say
there were two sets of commissaries to be appoint-
ed under the tenth article of the treaty-—one to
determine boundaries between the French Cana-
dian and the British Hudson Bay territories, the
other to determine them between French Canada
and the British Atlantic colonics in the south. The
former was to be done in a year; the latter with-
out limitation of time. Commissaries acted under
the first; they failed to agiee under the la*<t; and ;
these two sets of commissaries are. confounded by
Mr. Chcenhow and his followers. Charlevoix !
speaks of these latter commissaries as being np- j
pointed in 17j9—six years after the treaty of j
Utrecht—and dischai ^eti in without having 1
come to any agreement. These two are confound- '<
cd, and what Charlevoix says of the latter is ap- ■
plied to the former. Such an enor as tins is so j
ijross as to show that there is entire confusion in ,
the ideas of those who ;?p<ak upon the subject. ,
Mr. B. complained that the Senator from Michi- '
gan had slipped over all the htron^ proofs which i
he had adduced upon the line oi' Utrecht, such ai i
the Kind's map, JeitVies's Geography, the excln- !
sion of the Biitish for fifteen years from Louisiana, ,
by virtue of that line, and the tefusal of the I>rit-
ish Ministers to take any notice of their com- j
plaints. _ ,
But Mr. B. would not quit the great point be- j
f>re the Senate, to go into an argument about the |
line of Utrecht. The point before the Senate was |
a declaration of title, on the part of the United ;
.States, to Eraser's merond its valley, known as ;
New Caledonia, and, as such, occupied by the
British without question since 1*06. Mr. 1>. said ,
tins was the great question, for it was a ques-
lion of peace or war, and a war upon a mis- ;
take—a blunder—geographical and political. The j
blunder was, that the United States had a line i
with Russia, dividing the country with her .
from the sea to the Rocky Mountains, and i
that all the country on tins .side was ours. This ]
was the political blunder The geographical !
blunder was in lelatmn to Fin'/er's river and its !
valley, called by the British New Caledonia, and j
which was assumed to be a part of our Otegon. j
There was no such line, and no such extension of '
our Oregon. The Russian line was in the sea, j
confined to the islands. Frazer's river and its \al- j
ley, covered with British establishments since the j
year 1806, covered the country from .05° to 49°. j
These weie the facts. But the fifty-four-forties, !
upon a mistake as to the Russian line, and upon a
mistake as to Frazer's river, set out to take that
entire river and valley from the British, and, there-
fore, to involve us in war, and that ignorantly and
unjustifiably, with Great Britain, Their double
error had been shown; the readings of the treaties
with Russia and Great Britain detected this double
error. The gentlemen who had led the country
into error, who had prepared them for a war upon
a mistake, instead of retracting it> Jiad this day
! taken their course to persevere in it! And what
was war upon mistake before, now bccame war
upon design, and without a pretext. Mr. B. said,
without a pretext; for the Senator from Michigan,
in a speech of an hour and a half this day, with
an instinctive dread of the fatal point, never once
i mentioned Frazer's river; never once mentioned
! New Caledonia; never once ventured to assert
! that the United Stales had one particle of claim to
j that British possession. Yet he would still adhere
i to o4° 4U', which includes it; and thus, by infer-
: once, go to war ibr what he could not even venture
| to name.
! Mr. B. said it was a case to try the frailty of
i poor human nature. The great organ, and live
I hundred small ones following its notes, and many
i Irn thousand tongues, had proclaimed the 54° 40'
line, and our right up to it; and thus acting upon
, the patriotic feelings of the people, had prepared
i thorn for a war with Great Britain for that line,
, when there was no such thing; and for Frazer's
■ river, on this side of it, without knowing it was
I there. The people had been led into error; in-
• ilamed to the wai -point upon a mistake; and now,
j when the mistake was shown, the tug of another
| war came upon poor human nature. To admit
| the error and ask pardon of God and man, was
j the part of justice and candor; but this was imnul-
| iating to vanity, and self-love, and tin; pride of
consistency. To persevere in this erroi, after it
was detected, was the part of human frailty; and
the Senator from Michigan, on the. part of his
party, has obeyed the law of frailty; he has perse-
vered in eiror: lie converts into design what was
in the beginning a mistake! We are now to have
war, as far as the Senator and his party can make
it, upon design, and without pretext; for he could
not name Frazer's river, which is the sole object,
and would be the instant cause of war.
And iiow does the Senator conduct his new de-
sign? By endeavoring to make mo a fifty-four- ,
forty nmn; by reading mutilated scraps, cut out
fioni my old speeches, loin from their context,
and made, by mutilation and false application, to
apply to 40' on the continent, when I applied
it to the islands; making il apply to New Cale-
donia, w hen 1 spoke it of the valley of the Colum-
bia. I had occasion to cut some of the fifty-four-
forties for the " simples'' when I spoke some days
ago, and must now do it again—but first explain
the operation, as it is only understood in the
West. It comes from horse surgery-r-cuUing a
hoisc's eye for the hooks. The horse is subject
to a disease of the eye, something like cataract,
which blinds him; and, when emohent remedies
fail, the knife is applied, the diseased part cut
away, and then the animal sees clear. So of the
simples. The allusion is metaphorically to the
cutting for the hooks, and is to make a simpleton
see clear, by opening his eyes to what ho did not
see belore. All those caterers lor the Senator; all
these searchers among my old speeches, may look
out, when they are worth it, for the operation of
being cut for the simples. Of course, the operation
cannot be performed on a Senatoi.
A Jim- has been cut fi om one of my speeches in
which 54° 40' is mentioned, without continental
piefixed. The Senator from Michigan gravely
parades that line to-day to make me an advocate
for 54° 40' to the mountains. In fifty places in
tin; same speech the existence of such a line was
denied and ridiculed. Yet the Senator, to deceive
people unacquainted with the subject, to keep up
a delusion, instead of admitting his own error, en-
deavors to make me an accomplice in his error!
Well, if lie wants my authority, he shall have it,
and that is, that there is no such line, and never
was; that the honest feelings of the people have
been misled, their patriotism excited about a non-
entity, and a war provoked for what has no ex-
istence. I tell him this if he wants to quote my
authority. Let him confess his error, and recant,
if he wants my opinions. I give them to hnn
freely, and when they may be of service to him.
If an individual is leading two neighbors to a quar-
rel, and a fight, upon a mistake, he is bound to
acknowledge the mistake as soon as he finds it out,
and go and stop the discord which he has created.
This is the course among mere individuals. How
much stronger when the quarrel is to be between
nations, and war the consequence ? The Senator
and his party—the big organ, and those which
have followed its notes—have been leading the
country to a war with Great Britain upon a mis-
take, upon a blunder, upon an ignorance of treaties
and geography. The mistake has been exposed,
by reading the treaties and producing the geogra-
phy. Instead of admitting the error, the Senator
irom Michigan, for himself and friends* perseveres
in it; and thus what was mistake in the beginning
becomes design—a design to have a war with Great
Britain without daring to name the pretext; for
Frazer's river or New Caledonia, are words not
to be got out of their mouths. They will go to
war for them, but not name them, much less state
a title to them. In the name of all that is reason-
able, why not state their claim to Frazer's river?
1 have stated the British title, and am not ashamed
nor afraid to do it, no more thnn I should be to
state their title to Canada, and it is as clear in one
case as the other. The British discovered that
river in 1793, settled it in 1806, covered it over
with establishments from head to mouth, from 55°
to 49°, and had it so covered when we treated with
Spain in 1819. Spain never claimed it,* never sold
it to us, never saw nor heard of the river; and all
the statesmen who made the Spanish treaty imme-
diately yielded Frazer's river to Great Britain,
from 'head to mouth, from 49° to 55°. Irrefraga-
ble documents prove this, and I have heretofore
shown them to the Senate. This is the British
title, admitted by Mr. Monroe and his Cabinet in
18J23, stated from their acts a few days ago.
Now, let the Senator state the American claim
to the same. Let him only state it. Ho docs not
attempt it. He eschews the fatal sound of Eraser's
river, and of the forty British posts upon it, but
still wants the people to believe it is theirs* and to
go to war for it. I say war!—for any attempt on
our part to take the British establishments on
Frazer's river would be followed by war as quickly
and as justly as an attempt to take their towns in
Canada. 1 his is dreadful. We arc the American
Senate, acting in the eyes of the present age and
of posterity, and upon a great responsibility. By
our acts war may be made, and we arc hound by
every sacred and every human obligation to make
no mistake in bringing about so great a calamity.
War is a calamity in itself—a war upon a mistake
is a double calamity; but a war upon design, after
the mistake is detected, is a calamity for which
there m no name. It rises to the magnitude of the
greatest crime. I read the treaties which showed
the mistake. I thought it very probable the Fifty-
four-forties had never read the Russian treaties,
and did not know what they said. J produced the
geographies to instruct them in Frazer's river, for
1 thought they were ignorant of it. I did all clear-
ly, intelligibly, indisputably. I waited for the re-
sult. In fact 1 waited long, and until delay was
dangerous, before I could venture to set them right.
I knew the frailty of poor human nature, and that,
instead of thanks, resentment would more prob-
ably bo my reward. Well, it has come—a per-
sonal attack on myself—reading mutilated scraps,
furnished by caterers, to show me inconsistent,
and then not able to do it. Not able to help out
their miserable deception even by any words culled
from my innumerable speeches, and mutilated for
the purpose, and then misapplied. What was
said of islands applied to continents; what was
said of the Columbia river applied to New Cale-
donia; what was said of the Oregon river applied
to Eraser's river. Miserable perversion every-
where, to turn me against myself, and make me a
party to the deception of the people.
They rpiote fifty-four-forty on the continent as
the line for which the people must fight. I repeat,
on the continent. I must be careful about that; for
jf I omit the repetition once, the whole speech is
knocked in the head. I am quoted against myself:
I am proved to admit it. Thus it has been to-day.
The Senator from Michigan has found one men-
tion of the line without continental repeated: im-
mediately he fastens himself upon it, when ail
know that I made the distinction between islands
and the continent when I spoke, until it must have
been wearisome to the Senate. A starling, if one
