896
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ju e 1.
cause the extension proposed was too little; and,
secondly, because it was too much. Mr. W. said
he had on a former day briefly given his views to
the Senate with reference to tins proposed exten-
sion of the laws of the United States over Oiegon.
He had objected to it because it would answer no
practical purpose, do no good, afford no protection
to our citizens there. W hy, sir, we might as well
hoist the American tlag there, and do nothing more.
just about as much benefit would result from the
one as the other. The people of Oregon want a
local government there—a municipal government,
under the sanction of Congress. This they have
asked tor. Tins is all they want. What law of
the United States extended over Oiegon will regu-
late the descent of real estates, or the distribution
of personal property of deceased persons there ?
How is a will to be proved ? or letters of adminis-
tration to be obtained? How is a debt to be sued
for? What Maw of the United States'1 can be
invoked by the people there to aid them in the
organization and establishment of their local muni-
cipal government, or to regulate their intercourse
between themselves? There is none whatever.
So, too, under what act of Congiess are nots,
assaults, or even murdeis, in Oregon to be punish-
ed, and by whom, and when is an oflonder to be
tried? The inability to answer those questions
satisfactorily, shows that the extension proposed
is too little—that it would answer no beneficial
end.
As;ain: If we extend the laws of the United
States over Oregon, and your tariff laws amongst
them, you must establish a custom-house and
make custom-house officers, or 110 ibieign meichan-
dise can be admitted theie. Besides, if you attempt
to enforce your import laws on British subjects
theie, before the "notice year" has expired, you
w ill at onec come into collision with them. They
will resist such attempt. While the convention of
joint occupation is m force, we ha\e no right to
attempt the enforcement of such laws against Brit-
ish subjects in Oregon. Theieiore the extension
proposed is objectionable also as being loo muck.
it' we do extend the laws of the United States over
Oregon, and the tat ill' laws amongst them, and
even confinc their operation to our own citizens,
(which, by the by, would be futile, for then the
British could enter the goods to avoid the duty,)
you must not only establish custom-houses and
custom-house officers, but you must have a Federal
judge, Fedcial attorney, Federal marshal, &c., to
ci.foice the laws. 1 am opposed to all this, said
Air. W., m the temporary government to be estab-
lished there prior to the twpnalion of the ''noiu.e
year,"'and to expire itself with that year, lie
said, if any instructions were given, he hoped they
would be modified in this inspect also.
Mr. W. said he had heretofore, on two occa-
sions, called the attention of the Senate to the con-
stitution, or form of government, or organic law,
framed and ordamed by the citizens of the United
S;atus m Oiegon in July IjM, for their temporary
gn-eimnent. ' lie solicited Senators to read that
document, which had been pinned by order of the
Senate, and hud on our tables. He understood
t lere was a dearth of copies, but, if desired, more
eould be punted. So far as lie (Mr. W.) was
competent to judge the foim of government the
OnrGoxiAN-s had adopted, it was a wise one. The
organic law was copied from the Constitution of
the United States. The people of Oregon have
asked us to adopt and sanction their government,
thus adopted. I ask, what earthly objection is
there to such course? I do not say adopt it perma-
nently now. We can create a now government,
when the boundaries of Oregon are settled, like
those formerly existing ni the icirnones of Mis-
souri and Florida. We may do this next fall, in
anticipation of the expiration of the "notice year
if we choose, and to be put into operation when
that year expires.
Mr. W. said he saw no necessity for being
m a hurry on this subject. Ihe extent of the le-
gislation at tins session should, in his humble
opinion, be the recognition and sanction of the
government established by the Orcgonians them-
selves, with some qualifications and. restrictions,
and some provisions and also appropriations, in
addition to those already made, to aid and encour-
age emigration to Oregon. The War Department
can employ the Federal troops to carry the mail.
As to the Indians, we had better let them alone.
So soon as you send agents and sub-agents, and
stores and traders and whiskey among them, and
begin to make treaties with them, you may expect-
a fuss with them. Let the missionaries manage
them. The Oregonian local government prohibits
by law mm being brought into the country for any
purpose, and destroys the stills there. Our legis-
lation here, and our officers sent from the United
States to Oregon, can do little good in respect
of the Indians if the Orcg-onians do not attend to
their own interests on this subject.
$.s to adopting the laws of Iowa, as proposed in
this bill, Mr. W. said he had heretofore endeavor-
ed to show the utter impracticability of such
measure. To impose, in this wholesale lumping
way, upon the Oregonians, the laws of a country
three thousand miles off, with which they neithei
can be acquainted nor have the means or opportu-
nity of becoming acquainted, and that, too, with-
out their asking such measure, and when they ask
for the sanction to laws framed by themselves, it
seemed to him to be unjust and unwise.
Mr. W. said he would say one word as to the
boundayy of Oregon. 3Not that he considered it
had anything to"do with the bill under considera-
tion, for he did not. He regarded the discussion
as to o4° 40' and 49°, between the honorable Sen-
ator from Missouu [Mr. Bunton] and the honor-
able Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Ca^s,] as irrel-
evant and totally foreign to this bill. He expressed
this opinion with the most profound and unfeigned
respect for both thosedislinguished Senators. He
did not think the question as to 54° 40' or 40°
came up either under the proposition to establish
a temporary territorial government m Oregon, to
last nil the "notice year" expired, or under the
proposition to establish &. permanent territorial gov-
ernment, to commence when that your expired.
In the first place, as to the temporary government,
iocontimie until the convention for joint occupation
ended, surely we could do as much as the British
Government had done under that convention
twenty-odd years ago. The British Government
extended its laws and the laws of Canada over nil
Oregon down to the Mexican line—down to Cali-
fornia, including all our settlements. We have
just the same right to extend our laws and juris-
diction up to the Russian Jinc on the coast, 54°
40', over Frazer's river and New Caledonia, Noot-
ka Sound, and further north, in the interior, in-
cluding the headwaters of the Columbia river,
Fro/.er's river, and all the country naturally tribu-
tary to those rivers, and all others emptying into
the Pacific between 54° 40' down to California.
The true northern boundary of Oregon in the inte-
rior is the highland div idin^ the head of the waters
which < uipty into the Hudson Bayou the one
side, and into the Pacific on the other. Great
Britain cannot rightfully object to the extension of
our laws over all this country. Her act of Parlia-
ment estops her. If the British and American
authorities, m the execution of those laws, do not
attempt to exercisc them over persons over whom
they have not jurisdiction, there can be no difficul-
ty. Even if we establish a territorial government
now, to exist after the " notice year" has expired,
there can be no trouble made on thisscorc, if pru-
dence is observed. If a treaty is concluded and
ratified, settling the boundary before the year ex-
pires, it would, ex vi termini, control as to bounda-
ry. It would be the paramount law, and would
itself repeal an act of Congress establishing differ-
ent boundaries, and shave down the territory and
its government to the limits prescribed by the
treaty.
If Congiess intends to usurp the treaty-making
prerogative, to decide for both sides, and say that
the United States will not have more nor take less
than up to 49°, and that the United States intends
to do as it pleases in this business, as if Great
Britain has no right to be considered or consulted
about it, or any notice taken of her, we may as
well go up to 54° 40' as to stop at 49°; for such
course, whether we go for one or the other, will,
if Great Britain has not become craven, lead to
war. If we attempt to establish our jurisdiction
by fo)ct up to 40° now, when the " notice year"
expires, who can doubt that it will lead to war?
Why, sir, such attempt even up to the Columbia
river, and denying ("beat Britain the navigation of
that river, will doubtless be resented.
Mr. W. said, his position on the question of title
was known. He believed our title to the whole of
Oregon up to 54° 40' on the coast, including Fra-
zer's river, New Caledonia, and all, was better
than that of Great Britain. He did not, believe
Great Britain had .any juat.right to any part Qf the
country not tributary to the watersof Hudson Bay
and that side of the continent. All her pretended
right was founded on the encroachments of the
Hudson Bay Company, and the usurpations,
■spoliations, and diplomatic trickery of her Gov-
ernment.
He said it was known he voted against giving
the 54 notice" in any and every form, and he'had
been told he was 'the only member of Congress
who had done so. He was against it, because he
apprehended its effects and results, whatever the
form adopted or however honeyed and conciliatory
the terms employed. He had not changed his
opinions either as to the title or the bad policy of
the notice, if we desired to -preserve peace. If an
Oregon war with Great Britain was desired, that
was another tiring. He yet believed those who
desired it, if there were such, would be gratified,
and he would venture to express the opinion that
it would aid to produce such result for us to define
49 degrees as the boundary by an act this session.
Those who desire peace, in his opinion, should
define no such line, but extend our jurisdiction
over all Oregon; and instead of Congress evading
the responsibility, it should expressly declare that
until a treaty settlement it includes the coast up to
the Russian line, and the territory emptying into
the Pacific on that const. Why (asked Mr. W.)
abandon in advance all north of forty-nine, cut-
ting off to the lands on the headwaters of the
Columbia, where that line crosses above? Great
Britain does not abandon all south of 4.9°a or any
south of 49°. She claims half of the Columbia
river—nay, she has never given' up any between
that river and the Mexicanline, except in proposi-
tions for compromise. We have at least as much
and as good right to claim northwardly to the ex-
tent I have stated. If we do assert our right by
extending our jurisdiction over it now, when the
boundary is fixed by negotiation, (which God
grant may be the ease,) the territorial government
will become extended over all the country north of
such agreed boundary. But, to avoid possible
difficulty growing out of such legislation to favor-
able negotiations, Mr. W. said he would not at-
tempt at this session such legislation.
Mr. W. said if the Senate would indulge him a
moment, he would reduce to writing the amend-
ments he had suggested to the resolution of instruc-
tions, which ho would then offer; and he was about
to take his seat for that purpose, but several Sen-
ators suggested that the liour for adjournment had
arrived, and he moved that the Senate adjourn;
but, Mr. Webster, stating that he desired to say
a few words, he withdrew the motion.
Mr. WF.BSTER said he entirely concurred in
the proposition which had been agreed to by the
Senate to refer the bill to the Committee on the
Judiciary; and he concurred in what appeared to
him to be the general scope and object of the in-
structions moved by the Senator from Missouri;
but, in regard to most of these instructions, he
thought suggestions might be made which the hon-
orable Senator himself would say were deserving
of his consideration.
There appeared to be three objects embraced in
those instructions. In the first place," the establish-
ment of a temporary government for the protec-
tion of our citizens until a regular territorial gov-
ernment should be provided; in the second place,
for the organization and establishment of such
territorial government; and, in the third place, a
declaration in prmsenti of what shall be the line of
boundary until a boundary be established by-
treaty. The first object sought to be obtained,
viz: a temporary provision for the protection of the
citizens of the United States now in Oregon, ap-
peared to be by proposing to adopt, under the
authority of Congress, a law analogous to that
adopted by England m 1821 for the protection of
her subjects within the same territory—the phra-
seology of the first part of the instructions being
that the committee amend the bill by extending the
jurisdiction and laws of the United States, civil
and criminal, over the citizens of the United States
m Oregon to the same extent as British laws were
extended over the territory by act of Parliament;
but the condition of the two countries in regard to
legislative power was so very different, that we
could not accomplish our objeet_ by adopting the
phraseology of the act of the British-Parliament.
He believed that the Jaws extended oyer British
