900
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June fc,
The gentleman stated that he (Mr. R.) always
objected to what was right, and supported what
was wron~ - 11 1 11 • 1 11
i
i from these lands, and under-estimated the expen-
nau wets mm fuippmieu wiuu ; ditures connected with them. Four-fifths of the
Mr. XI. acknowledged that he did j load which went to the northern and eastern
onsr: but at the irentleman's fMr. j; markets came fiom private lands, in which it had
"  vivug« 1M1. XV. cU;K,ilO\l R'Ui^rU liutt ilC (III
MC% T0te vfr?n?; but at the gentleman's [Mr, ,,    m,1(1 r,.vCl^
s] solicitation, for an armory out west at |j been discovered long- after its sale by the Govern-
laducah, or some other place, hut he had no other j. ment; and to be deducted from the $75,000 excess
vote to regret, and he meant to vote right on this t| of receipts from these lands over expenditures for
bill. It was true that Representatives from New s; the last twenty-four years, as reported from the
York had opposed this bill; but Mr. R. repudiated General Land Office, (and whicn presented the
any idea of then* bemg actuated by sinister motives, case in its most favorable light,) were the losses
and leferred to the great number of emigrants to '■ by agents, expenses of lawsuits, &c., &c. The
that country from New \ ork, who rftill looked single exploration of these lands alluded to by Mr.
back to the liepicsentatives of New York for pro- |j Rathbi'n*, cost ^300.000, overbalancing this excess
tec t ion and favor and to other facts m vindication ; of $75,000, and' leaving a deficit of #<>3,000; and
of the right of the Representatives ot New York there were others, (to which he alluded.)
o ee as gi^at an interest m the welfare and ad- J1 He objected further to the amendment of Mr.
vancement of this country and its settlers as was <> Ratiibux, that it included all the mineral tracts,
en tet tamed by any gentlemen. He replied to land said it would have been sustained by some
™VJ'iavi 1 mcKlenta| Pomt« made by Mr. MeO., !, more semblance of justice had it confined itself to
and while advocating the sale of these lands at a :! actual mineral discovery. On the contrary, large
air and reasonable price, reiterated his objections ! quantities of land—that in winch his county was
.1.bl)l\openmon, he thought, located, and on which, by way of improvement
il l  wpnnu.il, lit UM'U^IU,
would be to get rid of this most \ahuiblr portion
of the lands, the mineral lands of the Noithuest I
Territory, at $1 25 per nere. I
Mr. GEORGE S. HOUSTON rose not to make,
a speech, but to offer a substitute to the bill; and '
he appealed to gentlemen who hud peculiarly in !
charge the territorial business to aceopt of it, and j
allow the question to be taken without i'uither pro- <
tractin°;debate ; else the time allotted to tins spp '
<tim wn wiikuj uy \v«y ui  mpi u v ruii'ut
and cultivation, his people had invested all they
had m this world—was purely that which was
adapted to agrieultuial purposes. He dwelt upon
the injustice of compelling them to pay $5 per aorc
or lo^e their lands, when their chief value was the
result of the improvement which they had made;
and presented many points into which wo cannot
at present enter.
[His remarks will appear in a more extended
By Mr. BRITS. KERHOFP: The, memorial from citizens of
Ashland, Richland, mid Crawford counties, Omo, praying
the establishment of a mail-route from AshJand, via Oli ves-
burg, Rives, Richland, Plymouth, Tyro, and Liberty Cor-
ners, to Bucyru>, in Crawford county: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Po-t Ofiioe and Post Roads.
By Mr. E B. HOLMES: The remonstrance of Daniel E.
Hams, P. McC&H, and 33 other citizens of Monroe county,
Now York, ngninst any change in the present taiift'.
By Mr. WICK: The memorial of the trustees appointed
by the General Asscmbl&of the State of Indiana, for the
■ education of the Wind of that State : referred to the Com mit-
j too of the Whole on the state of the Union, to which was
t referred the appropriation on behalf of the blind'of certain
other Ftates.
By Mr. HARMANS ON; The resolution from the State of
Louisiana, req estn>  Congress to remove obstructions in
the Saline river: refenedto the Committee on Commerce.
Alio, the resolution respecting the settlement of claims of
the State of Louisiana, for advances made on the requisi-
tion for volunteers by General Taylor, and making a naval
station in New Orleans: referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means. Also, the lesolutioa respecting the private
land elmm* of Louisiana: referred to the Committee art
Private Land Claims Also, the resolution respecting the
establishment of Jiglit-ftouaes: referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
By Mr. M. L. MARTIN: The petition of citizens of Dane
id Iowa counties. Wi<eoiwin. for   m il-rnnfp fYnm Ma/iL
w«.ow«. uiu cii in tied to um spo. i! [His remarks will nppoar in ;
eial order would be hkely to be consumed, and but I i form hereafter m the Appendix. 1
He' moved'an^'mcndmeift r l '• Mr. S. ADAMS urged the importance of now
stitute for the bill, which he explained co.uJne'I !| ""'n 1"e,}lo?,onl jnntter, Experi-
the same provisions as the b.ll w£eh passed at "he i i lla{ "lls of Govern-
last session, and which varied from the bill „„J„: i 2" bi '« a landlord, with citizens tenams-at
utiugrviuL-. liiu m'unon or citizens 01 .hook oountv,
for a mail-route from Bel'oit, via Monroe and Winslow, to
Galena, in the State of Illinois.
Bv Mr. IIILLIARD : Tlio petition of Mrs. Ann Timmom,
widow of Samuel Tjmmons, who was a soldier in thp lat«
war with Great-Britain, arid did in the service of the United
States : leferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
last session, and which varied from the bill under,
consideration principally in that it fixed the mini- ,
imun at which these lands should be sold for one
yeai, after which liable to sale, like other lands, at
$1 "25 per acre.
Mr. "WHITE gave notice of o substitute for the
bill, which was read for information.
Some conversation arose betw een Mr. HOCiE
and Mr. HOUSTON, as to the precise provisions
of the hill of the last session.
Mr. RA1HBUN so modified his amendment as
to limit the operation of the minimum which it
proposes to two years; after that time these lands
to be sold like others belonging to the Govern-
ment.
Mr. JENKINS gave notice of an amendment;
"which was read for information.
Mr. HOGTC was glad tliat the gentlcmnn from
New York [Mr. Rathiu'n| was m favor of selling
these lands, though he apprehended that the gen-
tleman's policy, if carried out, was as effectual a
method as could he devised of prcveniing their
sale. Xf the gentleman's amendment making <i5
the minimum was to prevail, it was m eftect a legis-
lative provision that not a man who lives unonlhe ''
section of land should be allowed to retain the i
land upon which he had settled and made im-
provements, or at least would plaee him at the !
mercy ot speculators; for he undertook to say !
there was not a single settler able to pay 45 foY !
these lands. Mr. 11. resided in the disirict where !| rented under the
these mineral lands lay, and spoke from knowledge j nria e c"Cnittet-
on the subject^ He warmly appealed to the House !
against the injustice of such a system. For the
last forty years we hnd secured" by cxpieus law;
that no man should come m and bid against the '
actual settler; we secure to him by ri^htof pre- !
emption one hundred and sixty acre*; n is at the '
very foundation of the land system. But they did i
not ask of the Government even this protection, ••
but that the lands should be thrown int* market, <
and after due and full notice, which was provided !l
for, sold to the highest bidder. ij
These lands, which figured so largely in theim- I,
agination of the gentlemon from JS'ew York, on j
which he seemed to suppose you had nothing to !'
do but to take your shovel and hoe and dig up dol- !!
lars by the basket full, were of no more value than !j
other agricultural tracts, and were themselves most |
valuable for agricultural purposes. Every man '|
who had investigated the subject knew that the j!
mineral lands were less productive than any other, ']
and that the farmers would not allow their land to '!
be dug up in search of minerals, but preferred to I1
continue the old mode of rendering them profitable
by cultivation and agricultural labor. The gentle- !j
man from TsTew York (he contended) had over- l|
estimated the amount of lead which was produced
will- He spoke with contempt of the pitiful sum
ot £.3,000 or $(>,000, which the Government mi^ht
receive annually from the land which honest settlers
are occupying, and said it should he remembered
that this amount was raised by withholding from
sale some 200,000 acres, which are settled by mer-
itorious citizens, who lie down at night with the
reflection that their houses and their properly may
he taken from them ere another day passes, by
speculators, who may bid one dollar more than
thev do. He drew a vivid picture of the anxiety
an<f consternation with which many a poor man,
whose all consisted in the improvements which
he had made upon this land—and which gave it
its chief valpe—watched the progress of the, sale
which rendered him liable, at the 'pleasure "f mer-
ciless speculators, to be dispossessed of it, and him-
self and family left without a home; and he urged
the iinpoitance and the justice of relieving tins
anxiety, and settling this matter, by ex posing those
lands to sale at fair competition, and without
prescribing a minimum price which the settler
would not be able to pay.
On motion, the committee rose, and reported its
action on the above several bills.
And the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The followingpetitions and memorials were pre-
sented under the rule, and referred to the appro-
'-nnmittech'-
| Hy Mr. SF.nruttJ • The p-tition of the trustees of the
| Faulkner School in Clie«aoilj<'kJ countv, Virginia, pravini;
allowance- of a j car s p.iy aliened to lie due to the represent-
ative of Ralph Faulkner, ,m ofl\. «-t j„ the ar/nv ot the
Kevohmon; retried to the. Comrnitteu on Rew>iimonu v
Claim*. Abo, the p"tit;on of (Miarle^ «. Allen, playing for
the allovya:icc ot ,oi .teeonnt for Service- of j*ttaid w'hiJc the
Tinted State< <-nmnu^ioner \\;w eoiieludin«,  a treaty with
the New Vork Imlian-; reicrre-d to the Committee of
C i,uni<.
Mr. LA : The- petition of Joseph Walker,
Joeqiifv Dupra, rl homax H. J«ewis4N", Pnrdhoijime, and up-
waids nfi>0() otfu-r citizens of Lon^iana,for the relief of the
M-cuntK v of lie-naif Laurent; referred to the Committee on
the Jadu-iarv.
Ky Mr. IIKJUUCK. The pernioa of Gcoisg M^Allen and
Il.i eni/.ens of South Charleston, Ciark eoanry, Ohio, that
the t'irther ,ale, "f the publ.c lunrts )„• st„,,|«(l, an(f that
Allen stand bill lit! ptt-si'd, ili^tnbutins the publie lands
to i-.teii male mid female em/.en of Ii khI n .>, bi entitlino
tbtm to a certificate of IfWarrc, each, provided they are not
in Ihf of the ^ame, and tliosc owning to
hare it made up to li>') acre'., and not to be made changeable
Jul debt. ^
By Mr. ItAJIHF.Y. The m-mori.il of A. W. MeWoiiald.
f.'.njainin U . ( Mtnnittjf;. rin.l 1. G otli-r citizeiif! of S'chuyl-
eounty, ii'iin^yhaiiia. enetitied m the coal trade, a^kmr
a _i-out""i,m": of the pn-ocnt tanff law>. Also, Williaul
VMIliain-, Jf-iikin Ttiouia.-, and 70 nthei citizens of Schuyl-
kill eounty, I enii^ylvania. engaged m the eoal trade, pray-
ing that no change may he made m tiie tariff laws now in
fore*'. i
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, June 2, 1846.
Mr. JARNAGIN presented the petition of Dr.
C. M. Hitchcock, executor of A. K. S. Hunter,
praying compensation for corn furnished to the
Cherokee Indians; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
JVlr. MILLER presented a memorial of citizens
. of Newark, JNcw Jersey, remonstrating against the
| repeal of the pilot laws of 1837; which was laid
: upon the table.
I Mr. MOREHEAD presented two petitions, one
\ of Garret. Burns, and the other of Polly Biggs,
j each praying a pension; which were referred to^the
, Committee on Pensions.
; Mr. LEWIS, from the Committee on Finance,
■ submitted the following; resolutions, which were
| agreed to:
; Resolved, That the President of the United States
■ be requested to causcto be furnished to the Senate
J on estimate of the amount of money required du-
| rino: the present and next fiscal year, for such a
' prosecution of the existing -war with Mexico a$
' will most likely result in its speedy and honorable
; termination.
| Resolved, That he also cause to he reported to
, the Senate whether the amount so required is likely
1 to he realized in the present condition of our finan-
ces, without a resort to loans, treasury notes, or
direct taxes; and if not, what modifications of the
existing tariff are required to furnish ample means
for the vigorous prosecution of such war.
The Senate considered the adverse report of the
Committee on Pensions upon the petition of Philip
Slaughter; which report was concurred in.
The Senate also considered the adverse report of
the Committee on Finance, on the petition of Hen-
ry Simpson; which was concurred in.
Mr. HOUSTON called up for consideration the
joint resolution submitted bv him a few days
since, tendering the thanks of Congress to General
Taylor, and for other purposes.
i The motion to take up being agreed to,
; Mr. HOUSTON proposed to amend the resolu-
tion by adding the following:
Resolved? That Congress deeply deplores the
fate of the gallant dead who fell at the shrine of
their country's rights and honor in the actions of
I alo Alto and Resaca de la Palma, on the 8th and
9th of May last, and that they sincerely condole
with the friends and relatives of the deceased upon
their bereavement.
Mr. SEVIER suggested that it mi^ht be better
to adopt the resolution of the House of Represent-
atives, with an amendment giving a sword to the
descendant of Major Brown.
Mr. ATHERTON said he could not possibly
have any objection to the general object of the res-
olution. But nothing was'said in it respecting the
gallant men who defended the fort. He moved to
refer the resolution to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
