1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
901
. Mr. HOUSTON explained, that all the soldiers |
in the fort—all the army and navy employed in that
service—were embraced in the command ofG-eneral !
Taylor. It had been the uniform practice only to ,
vote a sword to the commanding officer, not to the
subordinates. In the war of 1812, the States, of i
winch these officers were natives, voted them i
swords; but there was no instance where Congress 1
had voted a sword, except to the commanding
officer.
After a brief additional discussion, in which
Mr SEVIER, Mr. HOUSTON, Mr. ATHER- |
TON, Mr. BREESE, and Mr. CASS, partici- !
pated, !
Phe motion to refer the resolution to the Com- !
roittee on Military Affairs was agreed to, |
THE WAYS AND MEANS. !
Mr. CRITTENDEN rose, and asked a recon- !
sideiation of the resolutions of inquiry, which Averc
adopted by the Senate this morning, on motion of
the honorable Senator from Alabama, chairman of I
tne Committee on Financc. lie desired the recon- ,
sideration of these resolutions, for the purpose of i
suggesting an amendment to the second resolution,
fay inserting these words, "or what other measures
lie^would recommend as most expedient for," &c.
The resolution, it would be observed, confined
the attention of the President exclusively to the
modification of the tariff; but there were other
sources of revenue besides the tariff which the
President might deem it proper to advert to as be-
ing a proper means of supplying any deficiency.
Mr. LEWIS said, as the object of the Senator
from Kentucky appeared to be merely to widen the
scope of inquiry, he could have no Hurt of objec-
tion.
The question on reconsideration was then put
and carried.
The amendment proposed by the Senator from
Kentucky was then read.
Mr. SPEIGHT said it would be perceived by
the Senate that the resolution proposed an inquiry
as to whether a reduction of the tariff would be re-
commended as a huitable means of raising revenue,
and as to the extent to which it would be'nccessary
for the purpose of avoiding direct taxation and the
issuing of treasury notes.
Mr. WEBSTER said he, of course, could have
no objection to the passage of these resolutions,
though, if an opportunity were afforded, lie roi^ht
be disposed to propose certain amendments; but
they were introduced only this morning, and at
once adopted.
Jt would answer his purpose, however, to call
the attention of the members of the Finance Com-
mittee, and, if it were practicable, he would also
call the attention of the Secretary of the Treasury,
to the state of things now existing in this country,
or at least in some parts of it, which was not a
little embarrassing—he meant the state of the
money market in New Orleans, and the corre-
sponding condition of it in the Northern States. It
would soon become evident to Congress and the
whole country, that if New Orleans should become
and continue to be a point of large expenditure for
the purposes of the war, and there should be no
other means except such as at present exist for the
transferring of funds from the North to New Or-
leans, very great embarrassment would be felt, not
only at New Orleans, but at the North. Indeed,
this was the state of things now existing. He had
understood that very large remittances or transfers
had already been made on Government account in
specie by internal conveyance. While this state
of things existed, while the country continued to be
endangered, and the States of the North were
called on to furnish supplies, the evils and incon
veniences attending it would be severely felt. He
was desirous, therefore, while the questions em-
braced in these resolutions were put to the Execu-
tive, that the attention of the Executive and of the
two Houses of Congress should be especially di-
rected to the consideration of how these funds
were to be transferred without great inconvenience
to the community. Whether this could best be
done by treasury drafts, performing somewhat
the same operation as treasury notes, or by some
other mode, he would not undertake to say, but it
was a matter which, in his opinion, demanded the
attention of the Secretary of the Treasury, whether
some provision, if there be none existing, might
not be made by law to meet the case.
He offered these suggestions that they might at-
tract the attention of the members of the Commit-
tee on Finance, and also of the proper department
of the Executive Government. Perhaps, how-
ever, the honorable chaiiman of the Committee on
Finance might be prepared to say what facilities
they relied upon, and how they expected the trans- i
fers to be made. I
Mr. LEWIS said he was not informed.
Mr. CALHOUN said that the evils to which the j
Senator from Massachusetts had alluded were cer-
tainly very great, but his apprehension was that
they would prove to be remediless. As long as
the exchanges were in favor of New York, there
would be no difficulty; but whenever the expenses
of the Government were so large at New Orleans
as to turn the exchanges, nothing but gold or silver
would pass. It was one of those difficulties inci-
dent to a country like ours, where the principal
points were so remote from each other; and he was
inclined to believe that neither a Bank of the United
States, nor anv other contrivance, would entirely
overcome the difficulty. The object of the resolu-
tion of the chairman of the Committee on Finance,
as he understood it, was to ascertain whether the
expenses necessary for carrying on the war might
not be raised out of the modification of the tarilf.
If the Secretary of the Treasury should be of the
opinion that they could be thus raised, there would,
of course, be no other means considered neces-
sary; but if not, it would then be time enough to
call upon him to know what other measures it
would become necessary to resort to.
Mr. "WF.BSTER said he was unwilling to think
that the Government might not by law, Or by
proper administration of the law, make the neces-
sary transfers wi til out the establishment of a bank,
at least that they might not make sucli arrange-
ments as would greatly facilitate their op'-rations.
He felt quite certain that it would be competent for
them, if authorized, and if the authority were ex-
ercised with care, to make treasury drafts, which
would very much alleviate the evil, for it was quite
one thing to be drawn upon, and another to remove
specie to a distant part of the country. He. was
very much afraid there would be no avoidance of
the evil, but all the operations of business would
continue to be greatly checked, unless some pro-
vision of this soil wue adopted.
Mr. CALHOUN said it was very obvious that
if the exchanges were favorable to the North,
tioasury drafts would answer the purpose; but if
otherwise, nothing would effectually remedy the
inconvenience. It would depend very much upon
the amount, of expenditures made. He believed
that even in ordinary times, within the last ff-w
years at all events, exchanges had been during
the winter and spring months in favor of New
York. While this was the case, treasury drafts
would readily be taken.
Mr. WEBSTER said it was well known that
exchanges continually fluctuated according' to the
season of the year. For a part of the year they
were in favor of New York, and for another pait
they were in favor ofNewOrleans. There was some
objection to treasury drafts, and, as he had said, it
was not for him to surest a remedy, but it was a
subject well deserving of attention.
Mr. CHITTENDEN said that undoubtedly the
suggestions of the Senator from Massachusetts de-
served the attention of the Government; but it was
a mistake to suppose that exchanges were gener-
ally in favor of New York. According to the
newspaper accounts, they were five per cent, m
favor of New Orleans. It was money that the
Government wanted there, and not paper. The
amendment which lie had offered was intended to
procure the opinion of the Executive as to the
mode of raising revenue. Under the resolution
originally proposed it was implied that revenue was
to be derived exclusively from the tariff; but it
might be that the President did not consider that
the most desirable and expedient mode; he might
not consider it an adequate means of raising reve-
nue. He did not want the opinion of the Execu-
tive on any particular point; he wanted an answer
that would subserve nil practical purposes which
they had in view. First, if there was likely to be
a deficit of revenue; and, secondly, what measures
he would recommend to us to supply that deficit.
If, in his opinion, a modification of the tariff would
be the most efficient and the best remedy, he would,
of course, recommend such modification; but he
might be disposed to rccommend other measures.
He thought, therefore, there was nothing incon-
sistent with propriety in adding the inquiry sug-
gested by the amendment.
Mr. WEBSTER said he was clearly of opinion,
with great deference, however, to the opinion of
other Senators, that the wisest thing Congress
could do would be to authorize a certain amount
of treasury notes for thet purpose of facilitating
transfers. This would have a tendency to quiet
the existing alarm. He did not intend such an
issue as would lead the country to rely on these
notes as a medium of circulation, but only so much
of an issue as would tend to equalize the exchanges.
That would be his recommendation, if he were in
an attitude to recommend measures to the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. NILES said he was in favor of a system
which would entirely separate the finances of the
Government from the banks and from the commer-
cial interests of the country. This was the only
remedy he knew of: and if this were effected, the
embarrassment would be but trifling. From their
connexion, nothing could be expected but annoy-
ance and difficulty. The sub-treasury still slept;
lie did not know but it was the sleep of death.
Mr. LEWIS said the Committee on Finance
would be prepared to report that bill in a few
: days.
1 Mr. SIMMONS said he thought the Senator
from Mississippi misapprehended the language of
the resolution, or else 
Mr. SPEIGHT. Will the Senator allow me*
To stop discussion, as far as anything I said is
concerned, I withdraw all objection to the resolu-
tion.
Mr. SIMMONS proceeded to observe that the
Senator seemed to suppose that the word modifi-
cation was synonymous with reduction. This
was an error. The President might suggest any
modification, either by raising or reducing the tariff.
With regard to fhp difficulty ofmaking the transfers
of money, he approved of the suggestion of the
Senator "from Massachusetts, not by treasury
notes, but by treasury drafts. There would then
be no need of a transfer of coin.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment, and it was adopted.
The question recurred upon the resolution, as
amended.
Mr. DAVIS said he was gratified that these
resolutions had been offered, and this discussion
consequently elicited, by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance, not so much on account of any
difficulty existing in regard to exchanges as in
reference to the general policy which it became
necessary to pursue, under the changed condition
of'the country, since their scheme of policy was
marked out by this Administration. They were
informed by the President, at the opening of Con-
gress, that it was desirable to enter upon a general
schcme of policy; that it was desirable to pass what
was called the sub-treasury bill; that it was desirable
also to modify, to a certain extent, what was called
the tariff law; and he believed it was considered a
part and portion of that system of policy that the
warehousing system should be adopted. This
scheme of policy was devised in a time of peace and
of ordinary expenditures; yet he supposed those
measures, in the minds of most gentlemen, were,
viewed as one scheme, one general plan of policy.
But circumstances had effected a material change
in the affairs of the country; and he would venture
to say that other gentlemen, as well as himself,
had felt some embarrassment, and would be some-
what at a loss as to what they were to do, unless
informed of the mode by which it was proposed
by the Government to raise revenue. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut seemed to be surprised that
the sub-treasury had not been brought forward for
consideration. Perhaps it would be worthy of the
consideration of that honorable Senator, if the
Government should be obliged to resort to other
means than the tariff for raising revenue, what
those means should be; and if treasury notes,
whether the issue of such notes would harmonize
with the existence of the sub-treasury. They
ought to know whether it was contemplated to re-
duce or to increase the tariff; this was a very im-
portant matter; and he did not feel exactly prepared
to act upon questions of this description until he
saw some general system of policy pointed out
which would be uniform in its character. He did
not feel exactly prepared to take up one of the.sft
measures and act upon it, until he saw what was
to follow it. It was one of the duties which de-
