904
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-
June 2,
few days been breveted a major general. Many
of the highest officers of the army maintain *jmt
the brevet rank gives an officer a corresponding
rank and command. It does the pay, and why
not the authority of that grade by ordinary com-
mission ? I am no military man, but I have under-
stood that this principle has often been recognised
in the American army, and prevailed throughout
the Florida war. I have understood that Colonel
Twi<ws was the senior colonel over General
Worth, but the latter, being a brigadier general by
brevet, commanded the former in the Seminole
war. The change of this rule by President Polk
is understood to have been the reason why General
Worth recently tendered his resignation. Now,
Mr. Polk has only to re-establish a principle politic
and just in itself, and which he found in practical
operation when he came into office, and it puts  n
end to the notion that Taylor could be superseded
in command by any brigadier general of Suite
militia.
It is my wish, Mr. Chairman, that General Tay-
lor should have the chief command in carrying on
this war until it is brought to a close. Vie has thus
far had the charge of it, and whether he be called
major general, brigadier general, or simply colonel,
he has given glorious proof that he is fully compe-
tent to the business. He has been schooled and
qualified for this Mexican war by his hardy and
gallant services in Flonda. He has won an im-
mortal name for himself, and renown for his army
and country, by two of the most brilliant victories
ever achieved l>y our arms. All tongues are now
shouting his praises, even this Polk Administra-
tion and its mouth-piece, ycleped <{ the organ;"
but it has been but a few short days since they
were piping to a. different tune. Let us examine
this point a little. The Mexicans had kept very
still on the Rio Grande until lare in April; and on !
the 24th of that month General Arista assumed the |
clnef command at Matamoras, bringing v. ith him i
a large reinforcement. A few days before, Lieu- I
tenant. Porter had been sent upon a scout, and, en- !
gaging a party of Mexicans, he and two of his I,
men had fallen. On the 2-itli, Captain Thornton
was despatched upon a reconnoisance by Geneial
Taylor, with a command of sixty-three men,
and they were encountered by a body of Mexi-
cans, and were all killed or captured. This news
was brought to this city about the 8th of May;
also, that the Mexicans had crossed the river in
great force, and had divided, one division having
besieged the fortified camp of General Tnyloi, ;}nd i1
the other having moved against his depot at Point
Isabel. Great apprehensions were entertained for ■
both positions; many here were predicting their |.
fall, and I am informed that a member of the Cabinet \,
was recounting the despatches which invested j
General Taylor with discretionary powers to t all
upon the Governors of the neighboung Staf< s Jor I
militia reinforcements, and was ■vociferously eon- j
demning and damning hirn, in anticipation of hu>
defeat, for not having thus secured himself. On
the 9th of May " the oigan" took a position, in :
an article which bore the stamp of being official, as
it gave the effect of the despatches to him from the :
War Department, to saciiliee him and save the
Administration, if his army should be capturnl or
defeated by the Mexicans. Mr. Polk, thus .speak-
ing through the Union, aft< rsetting forth the situa-
tion of General Taylor and his army, says:
Tt should be understood that One) a) Taj lor h;w been,
for several month:-, authorized to call tor any uuuh.'ny
torc.s from Texas, Louisiana, and *nme other oi the mhiiIi-
western State*—in fact for m<k rcitfori'nncni* <iJ he nu^hr
deem it necessary to po-^e-^. Hut, like a caiiaut ollieei,
beJievmz his force adequate to meet ;ui\ uiemy wlneii tnuiiit ,
present itself, and to ovrtcouie e\ei\' d.mjier, lie omitted to
exercise the authority with whieli he h;w ln«en entrusted.
His-senje of security has overcome evejy ntliei '-ojHKiera-
tion. and he fins not nuule his call to secure himself against all
contingencies "
Here is an official charge, made on the 9th of
May, against General Taylor, that ho had not ap-
prehended his true position, but had made a mis-
take, for the want of a clear military judgment, in
not calling on the Governors of the neighboring
States, arid, by reason of his oicnbluiider, his position
had become insecure. A grave charge, truly, against
a military commander, in such a position, to be
thus made by the President of the United States,
through the medium of his organ; and, if true, it
demonstrated the General to be unfit for the trust.
In a few days afterwards, viz: the 12th May, the
President sent his message touching this subject to
Congress, and in it follows up the same idea,
though covered up bv the artifice of a cold and
selfish politician. After presenting the condition
of things upon the Jlio Grande, he proceeds:
Anticipating the possibility of a crisis like that which
arrived, instructions were given in August last, as a precau-
tionary mea-nre against invasion or threatened invasion,
authorizing General Taylor, if the emergency required, to
accept volunteer-;, not from Texas only, but from the States
ot fjouisiana, Alabama, Mississippi. Tennessee, and Ken-
tucky; ami corresponding lettets were .utdre^ed to the re-
spective Governors of those State-*. The<c instructions were
repeated; and in Janiuuv last, soon attor the incorporation
of Texas into our union ur States, Gen end Taylor was further
authorised by the Vie-ident to make a requisition upon the
Executive of that State for such of its militia force as may
be needed to repel invasion, or to secure, the country against
nppiehended invasion. On the 2d day of March, he was
again reminded, m the event of the approach of any consid-
erable Mexican three, promptly and efficiently to u^e the
authority with which he was "clothed to call to him such
auxiliary force as he might need."'
The President comnmnicatcs distinctly to Con-
gress the peril in which, by the last news, General
Taylor and his army were placed, and also in de-
tail the portions of four several despatches which
he had caused to be sent to him, in which he was
empowered to call for such reinforcements as any
dangers environing him might require. The Pres-
ident's purpose is transparent: he was saying to
C'ongiess and the country, in the event of Taylor
and his army fall.ng, k< I am not responsible. The
General was four tunes, at considerable intervals,
empowered to summon to his aid reinforcements:
he neglected to do so: defeat and disgrace to the
American arms are the consequences, and on his
head, not mine, rests the accountability, and there
be the punishment." The fate of the gallant
General was then all doubtful and perilous. An
upright, brave, and magnnnimous President, rising
to the loftiness of his position, would have done
the General full justice; and, after giving the
details before recounted, would have fairly stated
the force that had been placed under his com-
mand, what had been promised him and been
neghcted to be furiiLshed, and what he had re-
quired in addition to the numbers actually in his
camp. All this was weessury to a fair judgment
upon the conduct of the General; and let us see
whether the President was preparing to mislead
the public, mind by withholding it, and thus to
make a victim of Taylor and screen himself, if it
became necessary. jProm the best information I
can obtain, when the General left his camp to open
his communication with Point Isabel, he left about
fve hundred men in Jm fortified camp opposite
"Matamoras. One account says he took with him
iifieen hundred men, another seventeen hundred,
and there were cjghty soldiers, besides teamsters,
who do not belong to the army, at Point Isabel.
According to this computation, Taylor's whole
elfeetiveforce was twenty-two hundred and eighty.
jNow let. us see how many had been promised him.
In the despatch to General Taylor from the. War
Department, dated S.'ld August, 1#45, more than
nine months since, he is informed : "An order has
4 been this day issued for sending one thousand
' more men into Texas to join those under your
i command. When the existing orders are carried
* jnto elfect, you will have with you a forceoffour
• thousand men of the regular army."
In the despatch from the Adjutant General to
lurii of 13th September, 184."), is this passage: '* I
' send herewith a copy of the estimated strength of
{ the regular foree ordered to Texas, prepared early
'in the month for the Seeretniy of War and the
' Commanding General. The aggregate is 4,336,
' from which, as you will see, some three lmn-
' dred are deducted on account of the various casu-
alties incident to the service. This reduction
' would make the army of occupation, when all
4 the troops en route shall have arrived, about
'4,0(K>." Pour thousand effective men of the
regular force was what wag promised to Geneial
Taylor to enable him to occupy and ward off dan-
ger from Texas; we have seen he had less than
twenty-three hundred when hostilities began. Let
us see whathe said about reinforcements.
In his despatch to the Department, dated 20th
August, 184a, he says:
" I be<; to fjd| vour attention to the condition of the artil-
lei\ <-oi!ip;inv snvinir in thn armv. in regard to the number
of men soon to be dHehaiged, and the nece^-sity of supplying
their place- a- earlv in the autumn as practicable. From an
olficiai report of Lieutenant Hrai/g, it appeals, that twelve
men will be djselmigerl by the end of November—there be-
nur now fifty enlisted men in the company. There will
thus, at the end of November, be fourteen vacancies in the
company, unless some remhstments should reduce the num-
ber, upon which we cannot reckon with any degree of cer-
tainty. To render a company efficient, with four pieces
sRtv men are required; to complete which number, should
the "General-in-Chief see fit to add a detachment to the com-
pany for thh service, twenty-two recruits will be required.
6< The great importance of keeping this small force in an
efficient condition, will excuse me for urging the necessity
of sending out good recruits to the company as soon as the
advanced season will render it eafe to pass through New
Orleans."
•'The fieM batten', much to my regret, has not yet arrived.
I could get no guns of suitable calibre from the St. Mary's
sloop of war; but have procured thrpe pieces, indifferently
equipped, and a small supply of ammunition, from the citi-
zens of the place."
On the 15th October last, in his despatch to the
Department, he says:
Three hundred recruits arc now wanted in the regiment#
and detachments here; whieli number, X can hardly doubt,
will be ineieased to nearly five hundred hy the close of the
year. I hope mea>urea may be taken to supply the requisite
number of recruit, oi as many as can be spared from the
dentil.'"
In his despatch of November 19, he informs the
Department that he will discharge a few companies
of Texan rangers which he had taken into ser-
vice, except one to be retained for guides, at the
end of the year, when their time would expire*
And then he adds: " It will then-become necessary
to strengthen the regular force on thefrontier,"&e.
In his letter of the 29th March, 1846, from his
camp opposite Matamoras, he says:
" The attitude of the Me.\icans i- f-o far decidedly hostile.
An interview has been heM, hy niv duectkm, with the mili-
taiv authorities in Matamoras, but with no satisfactory re-
siitY.'*
" Under this state of thmcfe, I must azuin and urgently
call i/Oftr attention to the necessity of speedily sending recruit?
to this arm if."
The militia of Texas ace so remote from the border * *
that we cannot depend upon their aid." -
On the 8th April last, the Adjutant GeneraF
wrote from this city to General Taylor, at his post
two thousand miles distant;
" All the disposable recruits for the general service, from
New York, and Newport, Kentucky, are en route for your
anny, which you will plen^e to assign on their airival tosueli
recimimfs unit companies as you may judsre best. I regret
to suy that the number will but little exceed two hundred—
to winch one hundred may be added at New Orleans, from
the regimental depAn—in'all over three hundred men."
On the 23d April last. General Taylor acknowl-
edges the arrival of fifty-six recruits, and these
were all that he bad received previous to his two
severe and memorable battles, and ate included in
the estimate of his strength. He had been pro-
mised by the Executive four thousand regulars—
elective troops. From the 20th of August, 1845,
up to the 29th of March last, in many despatches
besides those from which I have quoted, he was urg-
ing from time to time upon the Department to send
him i ecruits; that he could not rely upon the mili-
tia of Texas, from their remoteness, &c. This
opinion was well-founded; for when the storm
burst upon him, ho, made immediate requisition
upon Texas, but received no succors until the dan-
ger had passed. He understood his position, and
the nature of the fome that was necessary: it was
regular recruits; and these he was in vain demand-
ing through seven months.
The President, well understood that four thou-
sand effective regular troops were necessary to ena-
ble him to execute the service upon which he was
sent; yet he is furnished with but little more than
half that number. I have seen from the papers
that the besieged army in the fort was without a
supply of shells to return the fire of the Mexicans
from Matamoras, but that they were expected by
ship in a few days. With the great odds against
General Taylor, he might have lost the day with-
out any want of courage or skill on the part of
himself or his little army. If this lamentable ca-
tastrophe had befallen, who would have been justly
responsible? The Administration, which had
again and again promised him four thousand effect-
ive men, and left him with twenty-three hundred,
or he? The difference would have secured him
against every peril, and freed the country of all
apprehensions for him. • No, sir, the glory won by
himself and his heroic army is not due to the vigi-
lance and attention of this Administration, to the
ample supplies of men and munitions which it
promised, but did not furnish; but to his experi-
ence and ability as a commander; to his cool head
and stout heart; to the effective discipline and
science upon which he had formed his army; to
the enthusiasm and confidence with which he in-
spired it; to the unconquered and unconquerable
souls of him and his soldiery.
The Administration now loads him with its
praises and honors, but he owes neither his safety
