1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
905
noi fame to it, but to his own good, and trusty
sword. The friends of the President say that this
bill is intended to secure him in the chief command
in the future prosecution of tliis war. I for one am
unwilling to entrust this rough, but heroic soldier
to the discretion of a President who so deliberately
and coldly prepared to sacrifice him upon a contin-
gency. General Taylor has won for himself a
place equally above the ambitious schemes or the
selfish show of magnanimity of Mr. Polk; and
there let him repose on his own fresh laurels. He
wants no commission of a major general from Mr.
Polk to add to their greenness or endurance. He
is entitled to command in this war, and this right
is vindicated by his two signal victories, and the
deathless fame which they have given him. If the
was because the President had not sent on the
troops to General Taylor, as he agreed to, that he
found fault. *
Mr, HENLEY, (resuming.) What kind of a
case does the gentleman make of it, then? . Why,
that the President informed General Taylor that
he would send certain troops, and that the battle
came on near the Rio Grande, between Matamoras
and Point Isabel, before those troops arrived; and
therefore the President is to blame! Because the
battle came on sooner than General Taylor or the
President anticipated, or because there was some
delay in our troops getting there, or because the
Mexicans attacked our troops sooner than was
provided for, therefore the President was to blame!
He should not have expected even the gentleman
single object of Mr. Polk is to do him justice, let j| from Kentucky to have placed his opposition to
him rcco£"niyi"i thfi mif.nAtMftr wkn V\ 1n«s i-wo«pt <■>/-  _ li tk..-, ! a _...    i_ _ n. ... . ...  
hhn rccogmsc the authority which his brevet com
mission of major general of right gives him. If he
desires a major general with a regular commission
to bear the standard of our country in this Mexican
war, let him look to the hero of Lundy's Lane.
Mr. HENLEY obtained the tloor, and yielded,
at request, to
Mr. BOYD, who proposed an amendment to the
first section, to add after the words " brigadier gen-
eral," the words "to continue in service so long
' only as their services shall be required in connex-
' 1011 with the militia and volunteers."
Mr. HENLEY had not risen to make a speech.
He was so utterly and entirely disgusted with the
whole system of speech-making, as it prevailed in
the House of Representatives, that he thought lie
never should make another speech here. But he
intended to make a few remarks—they might be
called by whatever name gentlemen chose.
He was in favor of striking out, and he intended
to move, if 110 one else did, to strike out all after
the first section. While he agreed with the gentle-
man from .Kentucky as to some of his views as to
the propriety of enacting this clause of the bill, he
must be permitted to explain his position, that,
while he voted with the gentleman, lie could not
agree with him in one of the leusons winch he had
presented to the committee. He could see no ne-
cessity for appointing any more major generals, or
brigadier generals, m addition to those we now
have. It had already been seen and proven that we
have enough otficeis to command our troops, and
if we have not enough, these volunteers who had
been called into service will furnish the remaining
number necessary. If you appoint these officers
and place them in the regular army, you never will
be able to get rid of them. He wanted to know
of the chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, or of any other gentleman, if he believed it
necessary or desirable to make the proposed addi-
tion a permanent establishment?—if, in time of
peace, two major generals were necessary in addi-
tion to the one we already have ? In time of peace
we have one major general, and that is one more
than we need. It is now proposed to give him
two assistants. Fur what? To enable liim to do
nothing!
But he would not dwell upon this. His only
the President on such a flimsy pretext. A man
who was exceedingly jealous against his wile
could not find so ridiculous a pretext for accusa-
tion—all the ingenuity which jealousy could devise
could not get up a more flimsy one. He was a
party mail; and when he assailed his opponents,
it was with all the force he could make use of, but
he hoped he should never attempt to assail a polit-
ical adversary without some plausible pretext.
Did not the gentleman know that news came here
up to the time of the fight, that there was no ex-
pectation of a light, and that Colonel Worth
returned from the army the day before ? Who
Colonel Worth was he knew not; perhaps he was
as brave a man as General Taylor. But he re-
turned immediately from the seat of war, and
reported there was no danger. In the face of all
this, however, the President was sending on his
troops. Imagine, then, that Colonel Worth had
been right, and that there had been no danger:
what would the gentleman from Kentucky have
said? Would lie not have got up and told them
how recklessly the President had expended the
money of the people, in sending troops when no
troops were needed, when tlieie was no battle, no
danger, and when Colonel Worth had told us so?
But still he sent his troops into a foreign territory,
at, a vast expense, and involved us in war with a
foreign Government! Such language would have
been more reasonable, it would have more propri-
ety, and a great deal more decency in it, than that
which the gentleman from Kentucky has made use
of to-day.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF requested the floor, but
Mr. I-I. declined to yield.
In relation to the speech of his friend from Ken-
tucky , (Mr. H. continued,) he did not wish to make
any remarks which could be considered in any way
personally offensive—-he meant no such thing, lie
knew there were many gentlemen in the habit of
rapping very hard over the knuckles—of assailing
the President and his adherents tin every occasion
they could find; but he must be pctmitled to say
that he was not able to sec a point in (he gentlc-
man'sspeech—a single possibility of motive. The
speech was entirely above or entirely below his
comprehension; he could not unravel it.
The gentleman seemed jealous that some of the
object was to say lie was opposed to increasing the ij honors of General Taylor would be taken from him
officers of our army. He saw no necessity for it,
except for the tune of the war. Tlieie was no
necessity for it, because we have already officeis
in the army, if not of so high a grade, at least of
as much gallantry and as much skill, and who
were abundantly competent to perform the duties
and used to encircle the brow of the President.
Had anybody attempted to snatch liomhim any
of the honors he had so nobly won ? or to give to
the Piesident the ciedit of that gallant General's
victory? No man had chosen to do so. Had General
Taylor chosen the gentleman from Kentucky to
which would be performed by the officers sought |j vindicate him before the country, and to protect
to be appointed. Therefore, in this little war—j1 his honor? It was no such tiling. General Tuy-
which he agreed with the gentleman from Ken- lor needed no such thing; his integrity, his courage
tucky [Mr. Davis] in saying lie believed almost
at an end now; but if it was not, he could see no
necessity for this increase of officers—in this little
war, he was utterly opposed to this creation of
new offices which were entirely unnecessary.
He was utterly at a loss for the motive which
the gentleman from Kentucky had in attacking the
President of the United States now. He seemed 1
dissatisfied with the President; and for what ? j
Why because the President had done no wrong. I
He eomplai ns because the President has taken a I
position in which neither the gentleman from Ken- j
tucky nor anybody else can successfully assail 1
him: that he has said he has vested General Tay- :
lor with ample power of calling for such officers as 1
he may need—for calling upon the neighboring
States for troops. This was the only charge which
the gentleman made against him.
Mr. DAVIS was understood to explain that it
his patriotism—all had nobly vindicated them
selves. Until such attempt had been made, where
then, he asked again, was the motive of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky in thus coming forward
gratuitously to attack the President' The Pres-
ident, he said, had stepped forward and given Gen-
eral Taylor the appointment of Brevet Major Gen-
eral. What more could lie have done ? Congress
also had passed a vote of thanks to him and his
gallant army.
He thousht there was no need of attempting to
get up a jealousy between these two great men.
General Taylor had done something which, ready
as the gentleman was to defend him, he thought
would not be very agreeable to the spleen of the
gentleman from Kentucky. He had named the fort
at Point Isabel, Fort Polk, in honor of the Chief
Magisti-ate of the nation. This was a mutual com-
pliment between the President of the United States
and General Taylor. Why should the gentleman
attempt to interrupt these relations between these
two gentlemen'
He would only add, in conclusion, that the gen-
tleman's speech would have been entirely complete
for a speech of such character, if he had closed it
with one of Horace Greeley's commentaries on
, the horrors of war.
! Mr. BURT moved that the committee rise, with
1 a view (he said) of moving a reconsideration of the
j resolution adopted this morning, so as to lengthen
the time for debate.
| The question being taken and decided in the af-
; Urinative,
i The committee rose and reported,
i Mr. BURT moved a reconsideration of the vote
by which the special order had been postponed
until two o'clock this day.
! The vote was reconsidered.
j And, on motion of Mr. BURT, the further con-
sideration of the said special order was postponed
| to Thursday next.
j On motion of Mr. BURT, the vote by which the
resolution closing debate on the bill had been,adopt-
[ ed, was reconsidered.
i And the question again recurring on the adop-
' tion of the resolution—
j Mr. BURT moved so to amend it as that all de-
] bate should ceaso on Wednesday at three o'clock.
Mr. COBB moved to amend the amendment by
; striking out "Wednesday at three o'clock," and
; inserting " five o'clock this evening."
j Mr. RATHBUN moved that the resolution and
t' amendment he laid on the table.
Which motion—by ayes 69, noes 75—was re-
■jected.
j The question recurring, and being taken on the
; amendment of Mr. Cobb, it was rejected.
I Mr. BURT now modified 111s amendment so as
, to close the debate at two (instead of three) o'clock
to-morrow.
j The amendment was agreed to. And, as thus
amended, the resolution was adopted.
On motion of Mr. HARALSON, the House
' again resolved itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Tibbatts, of Ken-
: tucky, in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of the said bill.
Mr. HARALSON said it was not his object to
follow the example of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Garrett Davis,] and go into a party
speech; but to explain the provisions of the bill,
and some of the considerations which have influ-
j enccd the Committee on Military Affairs in report-
ing it. It was, however, worthy of remark, that
! it was a little strange that the prolongation of the
| debate on this question should have been advocated
j by the gentleman from Kentucky, who had taken
; upon himself to consume a large poitiun of the
1 tnrie allotted to the discussion, in making what
might be emphatically termed a party speech for
| Buncombe, anil in arraigning the Administration,
! which Mr. H. believed, in this instance, had dis-
| charged its duty, as had also the gentleman com-
i manding on the Rio Grande. It was a little strange
I that those gentlemen, who, when the bill recog-
nising the existence of the war with Mexico, and
providing the means for its prosecution, was before
this House, declared that there was no war, should
be complaining before the country that sufficient
forces were not sent to the aid of Genera! Taylor
while in Texas; when, according to their own ac-
count, there was no necessity for them. Who
could best know the wants of the service—the
President of the United States, the Secretary of
War, or the general in command, who could look
over the whole field of operations, who was, per-
haps, informed of the movements of the enemy,
who knew his own strength, and felt sufficiently
strong to stand up against any forces opposed to
him' It was a matter of no just complaint either
against the President of the United States or the
general in command. Instead of this, the sequel
of the whole affair had resulted in the highest com-
pliment to both. Authority was given, (and it
seemed to be made a cause of complaint not only
that authority was given, but that the troops were
not sent before he made the call for them.) About
four thousand regular troops had been placed un-
der his command, and authority given him to in-
crease them still further, by requisitions from the
southwestern States, if deemed necessary by him.
What ground, then, of blame was there against
the Administration ?
