906
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
General Taylor—to his credit be it said—knew
his business; knew the strength of his own army
and of his adversary; and it was the highest com-
pliment which could be paid to him, that he was
not thrown from his equanimity by the reports
which were brought to him of the increase of the
enemy, and that he did not put the Government to
the expense of raising more forces, but felt himself,
as the result has proved, adequate to meet any
force which was likely to be brought against him.
Had these forces been sent, as the gentleman from
Kentucky argued they should have been, would
not the gentleman, and those who act with him,
have been equally ready to make it a matter of com-
plaint, and would they not have said that the Pres-
ident was sending a large army, at a great expense,
beyond the Nueces, and invading the territory of
Mexico, when General Taylor had asked no aid?
Mr. BRINK HUUiOFJF (Mr. H. yielding the
floor) wished to set the House and the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] right as to the mat-
ter of fact. The gentleman from Kentucky com-
plained that the President of the United States had
promised General Taylor to place under his com-
mand four thousand men, and that that number
was not furnished him. Now Mr. IS. had in his
hand the returns of Major General Winficld Scotr,
made to the President, and through the President
to Congress, at the commencement of the present
session, of the number of men in the army of oc-
cupation. Mr. B. read from this the statement of
the aggregate force under the command of General
Tayloi at four thousand and seventy-nine men.
Further, while it was true that at the time of the
two battles of the 8th and Uth General Taylor had
under his command but about two thousand three
hundred men in the field, it would also be recol-
lected that five or six hundred men were in garri-
son opposite Matamoras, four or five hundred men
at Point Isabel, another detachment at San Anto-
nio, and probably others at other points, but all
under the actual command of General Taylor, and
constituting the army of occupation. So that the
gentleman's facts fall to the ground.
Mr. DAVIS was understood to say that report
was based on the hypothesis that the army was
full.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF. It was stated by Gen-
eral Scott that the aggregate number is four thou-
sand and seventy-n me. There was, however, in
another column, to be deducted absent one hun-
dred and ninety-eight only. The number of troops
loquiicd to fill up the companies was given at
Unee hundred and sixty-six, but that, was not to
be deducted from the aggregate number of four
thousand and seventy-nine.
After some further convocation—
Mr. HARALSON resumed. The only reltablein-
furmation on the subject is contained m the regular
reports from the commander-in-chief; but it was a
fact which must be known to every military man, :
that if an army of (say) four thousand men, ten or |
twelve percent.—he thought tn the army in Texas, I
sonic twelve or fouiteen percent.—we-ic not pre- J
pared to do duty: so that he might have had 1
four thousand men under his command, and yet, I
with the numbets at. the camp opposite Matanio- j
rax, ut Point Isabel, and unfit for duty, he might .
have had no more under Ins charge at the battle !
than the number repotted. i
Mr. DAVIS made a further inquiry as to the !
number under command of General Taylor. i
Mr. HARALSON replied, there was no official ■
repoit which had been communicated cither to the ;
Committee on Military A flairs or to this flouse, j
so f.u* as he knew, since the army had moved to ,
Matamorn**. it was impossible, therefore, lo state j
precisely; but taking the reports sent up by the j
commander-in-chief, it was sufficient to say that ■
we had the number specified by the gentleman from I
Ohio, [Mr. IjiiixivErhoff,] not in the battles of;
the 8th and 9th, becausc U was necessary that man* j
bers of them should be stationed opposite Mutamo- ;
ias, at Point Isabel, upon other duty, and to guard j
and protect the supplies of the army. ;
Put it would be perceived by the document re- ;
cently communicated to this House, that on the
6th August, in a letter from the Adjutant-General,
that officer says to General Taylor:
" Such auxiliary or volunteerforee loi Texas, when events,
not now levealed, may justify their employment, will be or-
ganized and musteied under your ordeis, and he received
into the service of the United Status when actually lequued
in the field to lepel invasion, actual or menaced, and not
before, in organizing these iorces, you will of course follow
the icgulations prescribed in ca*es when detachments of mi-
litia from tiie {States and Territories are called into the ser-
viee of the United States. It should be understood that, as
yet, no provision exists by law tor the payment of such forces,
but appropriations: tor that puiposo will doubtless be made
by Congress. Tiiey will he furnished with rations while in
actual servicers the other troops under your command. The
amount and description of the force to be mustered into the
service of the United States is lefi to your deteiminauon,
and, of course, to be regulated by circumstances."
It was a compliment, he repeated, to General
Taylor, that he did not feel it to be necessary to
involve the country in the expense of calling upon
Texas foradditional aid, ample authority for which
was given him.
But, from the letter from the War Department
of August 23, 1845, it seemed that this power was
extended, and he had authority not only to call
upon Texas, but upon other adjoining States, for
such forces as were deemed necessary by him. In
that letter, the Secretary of War says:
" An order has been this day issued foi sending one thou-
sand more men into Texas to join those under your com-
mand. When ttie existing orders are earned into effect*
you wilihavj with jou a torce of four thousand men of the
tegular anny. We are not enabled to judg<) what auxdiaiy
fotcc ean, upon an eiueigeney, he brought together trom
Texas, .ui'I a pivcauuonaiy measure, jou are authorised
to accept volunteers t.om the States of Louisiana and Ala-
bama, and even fiom Mississippi, Tennessee, and Kentucky.
Should Mexico decline uai, or commence hostilities by
crossing the Rio Grande with aeonsideiabh: force, jou aie
niftructed to lose no tune m giving mtoimation to the au-
thontie& of each or anj of ttjeabuveinentioned States as to
the number of volunteers you may wautfioni them leapect-
ivelj. Should you requue Hoops from any of these State*,
it would he important to have them with the least possible
delay. It is not doubted that at K.ast two regiments fioin
New Orleans and one from Mobile could be obtained and
expedmou-ly biought into the field. You will cau&e it to
h * Known at these places what number and desenption of
troop-; you decue to receive from them in the contemplated
eui'-rgJiicy. The authorities of these States will be ap-
piued that you are authorized to receive voluntas from
Hu m, and ><m may calculate that they will promptly join
you \\ hen it is made known that their services are icq mred.
Anns, ammunition, and camp equipage, for the auxiliary
tioop-. that jou may require, will be e>ent forwaid, subject
to your orders. \ ou will so dispose of them a& to be most
awulanio, ju ease th.-y should he needed, at the same tune
with a due repaid lo fheir -atety arid preservation. Orders
hine been issued to the naval force on the Cull' of Mexico
to eo-opeiate with you. You will, as tar as practicable,
hold communication with the commanders ot our national
vevcls in joui validly, and avail jourseh oi'any assistance
that can he derived from theirco-operation."
But it was not Mr. H.'s object to make a party
speech. He \ indicated the Administration; he vin-
dicated General Taylor; and he trusted there was
no disposition anywhere to dctract from his true
merits, but rather to honor him for the gallant
achievements of the 8th and 9th. Mis object was
mole paiticularly to discuss the bill under consid-
eration, and faiily and candidly to present to the
House such reasons us had influenced the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs in reporting: it to the
House. He did so with great deference to the
views of gentlemen, especially after the action of
the House upon some of the measures recommend-
ed by that committee. Now, we did not know
what plan might be adopted by the Administra-
tion, for it was theirs to execute, while it is ours
to give them the power and the means—-we cannot
teli whether it is intended on their part to make a
war of invasion or not, for they have not informed
us; but if we intended to secure an effectual war-
fare, such as should sustain the honor of our army
and bring it to a speedy termination, he trusted
such anangements would be made as were neces-
sary to secure these great objects. Do you wish
the war to be conducted on the borders of the ene-
my's nation? Do you wish to take some ten, fif-
teen, twenty, tinny, or even sixty-five thousand
men to the veixe of the Mexi< an country, and leave
them there waiting for the Mexicans to inarch for-
ward so as to give them opportunity for a conflict?
If this be your plan, you have no use for major
generals, for brigadier generals, or for the forces
you have authorised; but if it be your object to
carry on this war in a manner to redound to the
crodit and honor of our arms, and hasten it to a
speedy and successful termination, and secure a
lasting peace, it becomes necessary that we have
a force sufficient to bring them to terms even
through an invasion of Mexico itself. If General
Parcdes keeps himself within the walls of Mexi-
co, who can tell but it might be necessary—indeed,
is it not probable, that it will become necessary to
go into the interior of Mexico fromMatamoras,at
some point on the coast further south, even at Vera
Cruz, perhaps at Santa Fe, and other points? In
that event it would be necessary to have men of
military skill to conduct the different detachments
of your army, and prepared to discharge all the
duties, and meet all the contingencies that might
befall them. Much, therefore, would depeiid upon
the character of the warfare which the Government
should determine to carry on. Let us give them
the proper means, and hold them responsible for
the manner in which it is conducted. He trusted
that it might be brought to a speedy termination*
In the war of 1813 and 1814, (Mr. H. proceed-
ed to say,) 65,000 troops were at the disposal of
the Government; and with this force we nad, ac-
cording to the Army Register of 1813, (which he
had before him.) six major generals and sixteen
brigadier generals, besides two brevet brigadier
generals. And now it was complaiffed that we
were increasing our officers too laigely, when two
additional major generals only were asked, making
three in all; and four brigadier generals, 'making,
with the present establishment, six brigadier gene-
rals in all by right, though it wag true we had a
few others by brevet.
Again, it was said by the gentleman fjrom Ken-
tucky that the object was to supersede the gallant
Taylor. Mr. H. should feel himself unworthy of
the station which he occupied- could he consent to
be the instrument of such a design. So far from
it, the fact was that not even the gentleman him-
self felt any greater disposition than he (Mr, H.)
did to honor him for what he had done for his
country. The President had given every intima-
tion of his pleasure and of his readiness not only
to honor him, but to give the complete and entire
command of that army, let it be increased ever so
much, to General Taylor; but how can he do it
now ? Mr. H. wished the gentleman and the
House to understand that he [Mr. Davis] was
warring against the object which he wished to
attain. General Scott was the only major general
of the army—the only one we could have under
the law as it now exists. The number of troops
now ordered to the field will require the aid of
other major generals; and if the whole force au-
thorized should be raised, and Mexico were to be
invaded by different divisions of the army from
different points, as might be necessary, for the
purpose of procuring supplies, if for nothing else,
still more would be required.
General Taylor was now only a brevet major
general; but if it was intended that he should, con-
duct the campaign, every question about ranfe
should be settled bygivin'ghim the commission of
a major general.
Some conversation arose between Messrs. G.
DAVIS, HARALSON, and BOYD, upon this
point, involving also the question of the rani?
which brevet officers take in command, and also
the comparative rank of major generals of the mi-
litia and brevet major generals of the regular army
when brought together in the army. In the course
of this,
Mr. HARALSON said the rule was, that th'e
commissioned officer always takes rank above bre-
vet officers, either in the army or the militia. But
when the militia and the regular troops came to-
gether, State officers of equal rank gave place to
United States officers, and it was the same with
brevet officers.
Mr. BOYD said that he desired to inquire of the
chairman whether General Smith, of Louisiana^
not a major general of the militia of that State,
and whether he has not gone to the Rio Grande in
command of the Louisiana troops, in that capacity;
and if such be the case, whether he, (Smith,) as a
major general of militia in commission, will not
rank Taylor, who is major general by brevet only?
Now, sir, if this be so, then I trust my colleague,
[Mr. Da>is,] will go for the bill as the only means
of securing General Taylor the prominent command
of the forces against IVIcxico.
Mr. HARALSON (resuming) said he would
not. attempt to arrive at h conclusion upon a subject
which had distracted the army for twenty years,
and which, perhaps, was destined to distract it far
years to come. (He referred to an unsuccessful
attempt, two years ago, to settle it in thisTIouse.)
But he proposed that the opportunity be given to
the President, by our action, of settling the ques-
tionso far as General Taylor is concerned, by giving
him afull commission as major general of the United
States; and that was one, among other reasons,
which had influenced him, (Mr. H.,) as a member
of the Committee on Military Affairs, in reporting
the bill now under consideration. There were
also other gallant officers under General Taylor he
