908
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
Crittenden was one. But would not the whole
country have been gratified, if he had taken the o0i-
cers from the gallant corps of officers who had so^
gallantly fought the late battles. The State of
New York, which would furnish so large a por-
tion of the force to be raised, would rejoice to put
her troops under the command, of a Scott, a Wool,
a Worth, instead of putting them under inexperi-
enced officeis. We might rely upon it, that the
epauiutfs once put on would never be taken off.
We on^ht to desire to take them off. The incen-
tive of promotion had lung been wanting in our
army; and now that an opportunity was afforded
for promotion, these gallant men weie thrown
aside, and we looked about among politicians for
officers to command.
He presumed that, if the amendment prevailed
for limiting the service of officeis to the end of the
•war, the number of major generals would be re-
duced to one, and brigadiers to two. He would
vote for the bill if the officers were to be taken from
the line, of the army. Though opposed to the ad-
mission of Texas into the Union, he would go as
far as any one to defend hev, now that she was a
State. He had voted for all the supplies for the
war, and he did, like some, attribute the whole
blame of the war upon this Government: but he
trusted that the first opportunity would be taken
to restore peace in an honorable manner.
Mr. CARROLL offered an amendment to the
bill, to be considered when in order.
Mr. W. HUNT hud listened (he said) to the
remarks of the gentleman at the head of the Mili-
tary Committee, but lie was not convinced that
there was any necessity for this bill. He was not
aware of any necessity growing out of the present
Avar for an additional number of major generals and
brigadier generals. During the late war we had
armies to maintain 011 the whole Canada frontier
and the Atlantic seaboard. But to take an advan-
tage of a tempmary exigency for the purpose of
increasing the number of officeis permanently wax
very impolitic. If the act iist-lf was to be tempo-
rary, he could not see the necessity of letaining the
fust oeetion.
Mr. H. vindicated the officers of the regular
army from the animadversions made upon them
by a report from a committee of this House. It
•was complained that they were too old, or too
young and inefficient; but after what had lately
passed, he hoped that the report would be modi-
lied by the gentleman who made it, or that it would
lie H-cnmmitted lor that purpose. He proceeded
to vindicate the Military Academy from tin1 charge
that it is an aristocratic institution. The cadets
weie equally apportioned, according to the lepre-
sentation of the several States, and this mode of
selection served to bind the army together—to give
us a national army, without reference to national
<>i p<>hu<\d considerations. If we were to have a
national army, the ofliieis should be equally ap-
portioned. But how was the fact in lelationto the
laic appointment"? m the 11'w mounted rifle regi-
ment? Out of thirty-four oflu o s, there were nine
Slates having ninety-one votes on this floor, that
had but four officers, and one of those was a lieu-
tenant.
Mr. DOUGLASS asked the gentleman if he
could say how many officers of the army and navy
were from those States.''
Mr. HUNT could not stale, as he had not the
list before him. It might be that some of the
western States had not their full share. I-Je did
not intend to impute any hlame to the present dis-
tin uished head of the War Department in those |
appointments; no difference of political opinion
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON, by leave, from the
Committee on Indian Affairs, to which the subject
was referred, reported a bill to protect the Cherokee
Indians from domestic strife, and for other pur-
poses; which was read twice, and committed.
On motion of iVJr. HARALSON", by leave, or- |
dered that the Committee on Military Affairs be j
discharged from the consideration of "the petition i
of Ann Timmons, widow of Samuel Timmons, j
and that it be committed. 1
On motion of Mr. JAMES B. HUNT, by j
leave, 1
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs !
be requested to inquire into the expediency of j
erecting or reconstructing a fortification at Fort ;
Gratiot, at the outlet of Lake Huron, in the State ;
of Michigan. I
Mr. MORRIS, by leave, offered the following j
resolution: j
Resolved, That the Judiciary Committee be in-j
structed to report a bill adopting the laws of the !
State of Maryland for the government and admin- ,
istration of justice in the District of Columbia. !
Mr. M. briefly explained the resolution. |
Mr. THURMAN replied; when,
On motion of Mr. COBB, the resolution was laid
on the table. j
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE. I
AVepnesday, June 3, 1846. !
i Mr STURGEON presented the petition of the ]
j Chesapeake and Delaware Canal Company, asking [
j that the United States should relinquish the stock \
i held in that company on certain conditions; which i
| was referred to the Committee 011 Commerce, and j
j ordered to be printed.
! Mr. BAGBY pi f.sen ted the memorial of Wade !
Allen, asking to be allowed additional compensa- '
; tion for extra services on a certain mail route; i
I which was icfrrred to the Committee 011 the Post j
! OUic e and Po.st Roads. j
j Mr. BENTON presented the petition of the mi-
i litia officers of the State of Maryland, asking the i
j adoption of certain improvements in the militia i
I system of the United States, for the better protec- j
j tion of the seaboard and lake frontiers; which was j
j ordered to be referred to the committee on Military ;
I Affairs, and ordered to be printed. i
i RETROCESSION OF ALEXANDRIA. j
I Air. PE.NNYBACKER presented five memo- !
1 rials of citizens of Alexandria,praying the passage \
of the bill now before the Senate, for the letroces- j
: sion of the county of Alexandria to the State of :
: Virginia; which were referred to the Committee j
for the District, of Columbia. 1
Mr. ARCHER presented four memorials of the j
same character; which received a similar reference,
i Mr. ASHLEY submitted the following rcsoJu- j
; uon; which was agreed to: j
j Jtisnlccd) That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the i
' expediency of establishing a post road from ITel- ,
- cnu, in Phillips county, Arkansas, on the west side :
of the Mississippi river, to the mouth of White i
mer.
!, On motion of Mr. SEVIER, it was ordered that !
Lorenzo N. Clarke have, leave to withdinw the ;
documents relating to his claim, on the files of the ;
Senate. j
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES. !
ujuiiiu.ic.u3 i.w vwk^uv- w. <*./  • >*•   Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Commerce,
XnadTrevmrt^ ii>'c'insh j; reported without amendment the House bill tor
.l- - the allowance of drawback upon merchandise im-
ported into certain districts of the United States
chavacu-r of that officer.
Mr. WENT WORTH asked whether the gen- j
tieman referred to Governor Maicy, !
Mi. HUNT lepiied that he did.
A member here inquired of Mr. Wkntvorth
why he a^-ked the question? !
Mr. WENTWORTH. Because, if the gentle- j
man from New York ve.ft rred to Governor Marey, ;
I concur with lnm fully in his opinion of that j
officer. |
Mr. HUNT went on to advocatc such a system 1
of appointments, in regard to the army, as had j
been heretofore adopted for the Military Academy, 1
the graduates of which institution had rendered !
much important service. ;
On motion of Mr. HOLMES, the committee
rose and reported.
from the British North American possessions, and
exported to foreign countries.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported without amendment the bill to
authorize the clerks of the enemt and district courts
of the United States for the Western District of
Virginia to appoint deputies, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, reported hack the bill making alterations in
the pay department of the army, together with the
House amendment thereto, with a recommenda-
tion that the Senate do not agree thereto.
ji Mr. D. then moved that the Senate disagree to
I, the amendment referred to.
Mr. JARNAGIN called for the. reading of the
amendment, and it was read.
Mr. DIX stated that the amendment of the
House of Representatives was a substitute for the
original bill, and provided that the appointments
made under its authority should only lie tempo-
rary. Independent of the present war, the increase
of the territory of the United States, and the con-
sequent necessary increase of the army, rendered
the permanent appointment of additional paymas-
ters necessary, whereas the amendment proposed
to make the appointments proposed by the bill
temporary only.
Mr. BENTON also expressed the same views'
upon the subject.
The question was then taken upon the motion to
disagree, and decided in the affirmative.
On motion of Mr. SPEIGHT, the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill granting alter-
nate sections of the public lands for the improve-
ment of Pearl river, when a conversation of some
length took place between Senators SEVIER,
SPEIGHT, CHALMERS, JARNAGIN, WEB-
STER, NILES, CALHOUN, ARCHER, JOHN-
SON of Louisiana, WESTCOTT, SIMMONS,
and DAVIS; after which, and the submittal of
various amendments and motions,
Mr. CALHOUN moved to lay the subject upon
the table for the present; which motion was agreed
to-
THE FINANCES.
On motion of Mr. LEWIS, the Senate resumed
; the consideration of the unfinished business of yes-
terday, being the following resolutions reported
from the Committee on Finance:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to cause to be furnished to the Senate
an estimate of the amount of money required dur-
! ing the present and next fiscal year, for such a
: prosecution of the existing war with Mexico as
' will most likely result in its speedy and honorable
1 termination.
| Resolved, That he also cause to be reported to
the Senate whether the amount so required is like-
i ly to be realized in the present condition of our
finances, without a resort to loans, treasury notes,
or direct taxes; and if not, what modifications of
the existing tariff are required to furnish ample
means for the vigorous prosecution of such war.
Mr. CRITTENDEN submitted the following
amendment, of which he gave notice yesterday,
as an additional resolution:
1 Resolved, That he also be requested to commu-
, nicate to the Senate whether, in the event of the de-
! fieiencies contemplated in the preceding resolution,
| he would recommend a resort to Joans, treasury
! notes, direct taxes, or a modification of the tariff,
; to supply the deficiency, or what other means, if
! any, he would recommend for the purpose.
The question being taken on the amendment, it
was agreed to.
Mr. C. thereupon, staling that the adoption of
the amendment just acted upon rendered his amend-
ment to the second resolution submitted yester-
day, unnecessary, withdrew the said amendment.
The question recurring upon the resolution as
amended, it was adopted.
GRANTS OF LAND.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, the
Senate proceeded, as in committee of the whole, to
the consideration of the " joint resolution in rela-
' tion to the issuing of grants of certain lands in
* Louisiana," which, after discussion, in which
Senators McDUFFIE, WEBSTER, BARROW,
JOHNSON of Louisiana, and BERRIEN, took
part, the two latter in favor, and the others in op-
position to the allowance of the claim, was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading by the follow-
ing vote—the yeas and nays having been ordered,
on the call of Mr. Johnson, of Louisiana:
V FiAS—>Ie%«rs. Allen, Ashley, Atherton,Bd§by, Berrien,
Breese, Thomas Cl.iytou, Davis, Dickinson, Pix, Fairfield,
Greene, Haywood, Houston, Huntington, Jarnagin, Johnson
of Louissmnn, rviaugum, Miller, Niles, Pennybacker, Rusk,
Sem pie, vSimmons, Sturgeon, Turney, TJphani, Woodbridge,
and Yulce—:29.
NAY"S—Messrs. Atchison, Barrow, Chalmers, Lewis,
McDuffie, and Speight—6.
Mr. DIX moved that a committee of conference
! be appointed to confer with a like committee of the
| House of Representatives in relation to the dis-
i agreeing votes of the two houses of Congress upon
! the bill making alterations in the pay department
1 of the army; which motion was agreed to.
