910
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
something which might vinf be considered so pa-
triotic by some in this high time of patriotism, in
tins war, let him refer to the fact that lie was one
of those men who have not faltered in adopting
any measure which was necessary, growing out
of our relations with Mexico. He stood up when
the annexation of Texas was under consideration;
he made no spccch.es in favor of it, but he felt he
could £o forward and support that measure with-
out coming forward oil all occasions and defining
his position. He did not boggle because of the
extension of slavery, which argument was so much
urged. But now we were in this war; and he no-
ticed that there were some whose position was
somewhat questionable at that time, who are now
foiemost in prosecuting this war—who were over-
flowing with patiiotism in regard to this matter.
He hoped, then, he should not be accused with
any want of patriotism, with any intention to go
to the extent to which any man would ill tlio pros-
ecution of the war. He did not apprehend all the
difficulties growing out of this war which the high-
ly talented and respectable gentleman from South
Carolina did. He (Mr. S.) considered our rela-
tions with Mexico alone. He did not anticipate
that England would come and take part with Mex-
ico; nor that such apprehensions relative to France,
and in reference to the balance of power, were
called for. No; the time had gone by when such
things were to be done by thrones, monarchies,
and crowned heads. What had been the policy
of Louis Philippe? To avoid war. And why?
Things had changed in the last century. A cen-
tury ago blood was the cement of the throne; it
was tiie solvent of the throne now. They were
not going to make war upon us, because all the
blood that flows is calculated to spread republic-
anism throughout the world. He feared nothing,
then, on that score.
We were in favor of prosecuting the war upon
Mexico to a proper result. What are the ends and
objects of the war with Mexico at this time > To
revolutionize Mexico' To carry our arms victo-
rious over that country? To annex that country
to ours for the purpose of giving them a better
Government, and at the point of the bayonet to
carry the love of liberty into that country ? It was
nothing of that kind. He was as much opposed to
carryingour institutions at the point of the bayonet,
as our religion by the stiletto, the bowie-knife, and
the mouth'of the cannon. The object, then, was
to make Mexico respect our rights, to come to a
fair settlement with us, and give us the boundary
we are entitled to; and not an inch beyond that
was he in favor of. He was opposed to entering
upon aggressions on Mexico—to attempt a conquest
of Mexico. Our rights, and that alone, was what
we wanted; and lie believed tliei e was no man who
contemplated anything beyond that.
He would like to know, then, how many gen-
erals we must iuue to bring to a successful termi-
nation this war, without bringing up these Hectors
of France and England. How many generals do
we want? General Taylor lias already whipped
them on the Rio Giande. If ho could do that, how
many more generals did we want? We have three
generals now.
But it was suggested by some that it was for the
purpose of giving General Taylor the command
of the army. He desired he should have it; but
for that purpose lie would not give this whole in-
crease proposed by this hill. The bill proposed
to appoint two additional major generals and four
brigadier generals; and, according to the rule of
military etiquette, the two brigadier generals-
General Games and General Wool—must be made
major geneials; and the brigadier generals must
then be taken from the line of the army. And
wiiat k'nd of material could be got' Were they
proposing to appoint major generals for the pur-
pose of getting men capable of command r If that
was their ob]ect, let them say so, and let these
men stand aside. Why was not Major General
Scott now on the ground where the battle was the
thickest3 He understood that, some time ago, if
he had not orders, he had at least permission to go
there; but he was still in the city. Mr. S. was
perfectly willing that General Taylor should have
the entire command; he was competent to have the
entire command, and conquer the Me xicans. There
were some excellent men, also, behind him. On
looking over the Army Register, he found that
Brigadier General Taylor, the commander on the
Mexican frontier, who had been doing, perhaps,
the only service since the war of 1812, was draw-
ing $2,995 salary; and Colonel Worth, who was
here a little time ago to lay down his commission,
but who, however, had gone back to the army
ol" occupation on the Rio Grande, was drawing
upwards of $4,000.
He was opposed, then, to the increase of these
generals, because he believed we have enough who
are competent to prosecute the war to a successful,
and—if gentlemen will have it so—to a glorious
termination. We have now three generals draw-
ing the aggregate sum of $18,000 per annum. His
friend from South Carolina thought this -was a
small amount just after so liberal and magnificent
an appropriation of ten millions of dollars. But
after, by one scratch of the pen, having swept away
the entire surplus of the treasury, if now was not
the time to talk about minor appropriations, when
(Mr. S. wouldlike to know) was the time? When
three generals were drawing $18,000, he thought
they should pause at least to inquire the necessity,
before they appointed eight others, whose salaries
would have the same proportion. For that reason,
among others, he was opposed to this section of
the bill.
JVlr. S. alluded to, and expressed his dissent
from, the proposition of Mr. Carroll to confine
these appointments to the line of the army. Under
this, these six brigadier generals would be confined
for selection to fourteen colonels. By turning to
the Army Register wc find that the youngest of
those who entered the service as captains in 1813
would not be much, if any, under the age of sixty.
jNow he doubted very much whether a man of
sixty would be the kind of a man to be selected
commander in this Mexican expedition. Some of
them entered as colonels as early as 1798. He had
no idea of making such a restriction as that; he
luid no idea but we had got as good generals out
of the army as in the army. We had a Colonel
Tod, who had done illustrious service. Also a
General Call, of Florida, concerning whom he had
heard ail anecdote, that at the battle of New Or-
leans, on the 26th of December, when General
Jackson met the enemy and gave them as good a
tight as the fight of the Palo Alto, this Call was
tfiere—he thought as an adjutant. In the night,
the section of the army to which he belonged was
fired upon from some quarter where it was not ex-
pected the British weie. They were afraid that
there was some mistake, and that their friends
were firing upon them, or thatdiey might be firing
upon their fi lends. This Call (he was told) ad-
monished his friends to be quiet for a time; that he
would reconnoitre, and see who they were; and he
passed out before his own men, and advanced upon
the enemy so as to see their uniform by the flash
of their guns. A man of that kind was as good as
any West Point man in the gallant army on the
Rio Grande; a man of that kind would be excluded
by an amendment of this kind. We had others
known as much to feme. There was Colonel But-
ler, (from whom Mr. S. heard the anecdote he had
just related,) who would not do discredit to the
service; and if there was any man calculated to
call the generous spirits from the West, and to
lead them on to Mexico, he was the man. He
had done some acts of bravery which were not in-
ferior to those of any other man. Mr. S. could
not go for the first section in its present shape.
But there was another objection to the bill—to
its fifth section, and that was that which was made
by the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. G. Davis]
yesteiday. He (Air. S.) understood from the
Constitution of the United States that the officering
their own men was given to the respective States.
He understood no distinction between volunteers
and militia in this respect. But, by this section,
quarteimastcrs, commissaries, and surgeons, were
to be appointed by the 1 ^i csident of the United States.
Air. S. alluded to the obvious reasons for the pro-
vision of the Constitution—the securing to the
militia, officers with whom they were acquainted,
and in whom they had confidence, who (in the
language of scripture) would " feel for their infirmi-
ties';" and spoke of the important offices rendered
by quartermasters and surgeons to their men; the
reasons for the law existing in these cases with
equal or greater strength than in others. But it
being expressly reseived to the States by the Con-
stitution, it became a question of State rights;
hence, lie hoped his friend from South Carolina on
his left, [Mr. Burt,] and all other gentlemen from
that State at least, would go with him in this view.
Mr. S. remarked that he had no wish to detain
the committee long, and it was the first tung, he
believed, in which he had spoken this session. He
had thought it probable, in the form in which the
bill now was, he should vote against it; and he
wished briefly to explain his vote, leSt he should
be considered opposed to any measures necessary
to prosecute the war. When we had men and
generals in abundance, however, he did not think
it became necessary, or that an ardent supporter
of the Administration in this war was "compelled to
go beyond the necessary means of protecting it.
The ends and objects—the policy of this Gov-
ernment, hre repeated, was to prosecute the exist-
ing war between this Government and Mexico,
wEich was brought about by the act of Mexico,
to a speedy and successful conclusion. And he
maintained farther that it was not the object or
policy of this country to make a conquest of
Mexico, nor to prosecute this war further than to
bring the Mexican Republic to honorable terms—
to the settlement of all existing difficulties between
this country and Mexico, and to give us the Rio
Grande—to which we are entitled—as a boun-
dary.
"And California, too?" Mr. SEVERANCE
(in his seat) was understood to ask.
About California, (said Mr. S.) the gentleman
asks rather too much. He (Mr. S.) was not for
California just at this time, nor was lie for carry-
ing republican institutions at the point of the bay-
onet into Mexico He heard it occasionally said
" these Mexicans are a bad crew any how; they
' put down a bad tyrant to-day, and put up a worse
' tyrant to-morrow." That (said Mr. S.) is their
business; let them fight out their own battles among
themselves; and by-and-by they will purify them-
selves. He was opposed, then, to carrying Ameri-
can arms into Mexico for the purpose of making
them better republicans and better democrats; lie
was opposed to killing half of them to make the
other half quiet; but he was in favor of prosecu-
ting this war to a successful and speedy conclusion,
the settlement of all difficulties, and the acknowl-
edgment of the Rio Grande as a boundary. .
Mr. BURT, as a member of the Committee on
Military Affairs, felt it his duty to attempt a brief,
but he hoped a satisfactory, reply to all the objec-
tions that had been raised against the bill. He
must be excused from following gentlemen in the
range of debate which had been taken—from dis-
cussing the manner in which this war was to be
continued, or the point at which it was to cease.
It was not the part of this House to be entertain-
ing questions of that kind. It was the part of this
Congress to place at the disposal of those who con-
duet this war those means of efficiency and vigor
which they ask, and which in its judgment may
be necessary to a speedy and victorious termina-
tion of the war.
He begged the committee to understand, once
for all, that it was a bill to complete and perfect
the organization of the army, and place under the
control of the War Department those elements of
efficiency which were deemed necessary to the suc-
cess of our arms in Mexico.
The gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Smith,] and
his colleague, [Mr. Henley,] yesterday had at-
tacked the 1st section with much earnestness, on
the ground that inasmuch as our officers on the
Mexican frontier had already been triumphant
when they had met the enemy, it was unnecessary
to appoint additional officers. Gentlemen also op-
posed this section because they anticipated appoint-
ments might not judiciously he made. He beg-
ged gentlemen to consider that a matteir of this kind
ought not to influence the determination of the com-
mittee on this occasion. If he satisfied the com-
mittee that to complete the organization of our
army, this increase of general officers was neces-
sary, it seemed to him he should have accom-
plished all that was necessary. And briefly to
proceeed in this matter, he begged leave to refer'to
the report of the Secretary of War in 1813, show-
ing what is a proper organization of the army in
the field, and to say it is the organization of every
country in Europe. It has been the organization
of our country in two wars, and, so far as his
knowledge extended, it was the organization of the
militia in every State in this Union.
Mr. B. read the extract referred to, which was
concordant with the provisions of the .bill; and he
said these officers were known to all military men
to be indispensable. The organization of general
