THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, JUNE G, 1846.
New Series....No 58.
Mr. S. JONES offered the following substitute
for the section.:
" That the aids-de-camp of the major general
commanding the army m time of war, and the
aids-de-camp allowed to the major general and
brigadier generals, may be selected without re-
gard to rank, or the line of the army; and that
the commanding or highest general in rank may,
while in the field, appoint a military secretary, who
shall have the pay and emoluments of a captain of
infantry for the time being,"
The amendment, by ayes 55, noes 60, was re-
jected.
Mr. ROOT offered an additional section, provi-
ding that the pay cf non-com missioned officers,
musicians, and privates, shall be ten dollars per
month.
Mr. JOSEPH J. McDOWELL raised the ques-
tion of order.
The CHAIR decided the amendment to be in
order.
And the question being taken, the amendment
was rejected-
The 9th section being under consideration, in
the words following:
"Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the al-
lowance for clothing to each non-commissioned
musician and private of volunteers shall be three
dollars and fifty cents per month during the time
he shall be in the service of the United States."
Mr. McHENRY moved to amend it by adding
after the word " non-commissioned" the word
"officer." Agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS moved the following substitute;
which was rejected:
"That the allowance for clothing to each lion-
commissioned officer, musician, and private of vol-
unteers shall be the same as is now allowed by law
to non-commissioned oflicois, musicians, and pri-
vates of the legular troops of the United Slates,
and may be drawn, in clothing or in money, at the
•option of the volunteer."
To the tenth section no amendment was offered.
The 11th section (i. e. the original tenth) being
under consideration as follows:
" Sec. 11. Jhid be it further enacted, That the col-
onel or senior officer of the ordnance depai tment is
authorized to enlist for the service of that depart-
ment as many master armorers, master carriage-
makers, master blacksmiths, artificers, armorers,
carriage-makers, blacksmiths, and laborers, as the.
public service, in his judgment, under the direction
of the Secretary for the Department of War, may
require."
Mr. BURT, from the Committee on Military
A flail's, offered the following as a substitute; which
was rejected:
"Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the
ordnance department be so organized as to contain
the same number and grades of officers as are now
provided for by law for the corps of engineers; and
that the colonel or senior officer of the ordnance
department is authorized to enlist, for the scrviee
of that department, as many master armorers, mas-
ter carriage-makers, master blacksmiths, armorers,
carriage-makers, blacksmiths, artificers, and labor-
ers, not exceeding one thousand in number, aw the
public service, in his judgment, under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of War, may require, and
that the enlisted men shall be subject to the rules
and articles of war, and shall be entitled to the
benefits of the pension laws, in like manner with
other troops of the United States."
Mr. BURT, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, offered the following as an additional sec-
tion; which was rejected:
"And be it further enacted, That the President is
authorized to organize the officers and enlisted men
of the ordnance department as a company or com-
panies of rocketeers, for service in the field, when-
ever, in his judgment, the public service may re-
quire it.''
The question now was on the following amend-
ment (from the Committee on Military Affairs:)
58
<l Jlnd beit further enacted, That the President of
the United States be, and he is hereby, authorized
and directed to cause such number of infantry,
cavalry, and artillery tactics and articles of war as
may be necessary for the instruction and informa-
tion of the volunteer force called into the service of
the United States, or ordered to hold themselves in
readiness for that servicc, to be procured and dis-
tributed for their use, and that the same be paid
for out of any money in the treasury not otherwise
appropriated."
Mr. JEFFERSON" DAVIS moved to amend the
amendment, by striking out "articles of war," and
inserting "regulations of the army." Agreed to.
And the amendment as amended was agreed to.
The next question was on the following, amend-
ment, ako reported from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs:
"Jlnd be it further enacted, That the operation of
the act approved May 29, 1830, entitled 'An act
to alter aud amend the 65th article of the first sec-
tion of an act entitled An act for establishing rules
and articles for the government of the United States
army,' passed the 10th of April, 1806, be, and the
same is hereby, suspended during the war with
Mexico."
[This amendment enables the commanders to de-
tail a court-martial when on distant servicc.]
The amendment was ugiced to.
Mr. HARALSON offered the following amend-
ment,:
u Jlnd be it farther cnacled, That to the rules and
articles for the government of the army of the
United States, established by the above rer.it ed act
in the first section of ihc same shall be added the
following :
" Article 102. Any officer or soldier or any other
of the pei sons described or enumerated in the 60th,
With, ami 97th of the .said established articles, and
in general all oilier followers of a camp or army of
the United States, when any such army shall be
serving beyond the limits of the United States, and
their organized temtorial governments, may be
tried, and capitally or otherwise punished by sen-
tence of a general court-martial, according to the
nature and degree of the offence, for any murder oi-
other felony committed upon the person or prop-
erty of any of the persons herein included, or upon
the person or property of any of the people of the
country beyond the said geographical or judicial
limits/'
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GROVKR offered the following as an ad-
ditional Mcntenec :
" From and after the passage of this act, no offi-
cer in the army of the United States not actually !
engaged in prosecuting hostilities agam«t the pub- j
lie enemy, shall be entitled to receive more than I
six rations per day as commutation therefor." J
Mr. P. KING moved to amend the amendment,
by striking out the words " not actually engaged in
prosecuting hostilities against the public enemy:"
agreed to.
And the question on the amendment of Mr.
Grovek. (thus amended) was taken, and the vote
stood—ayes 73, noes 73. A tie.
The chairman voted in the negative.
So the amendment was rejected.
The following amendment (by whom offered the
reporter is not certain, but understood by Mr.
Woodtyortii) was rejected :
u Be it farther enacted, That from and after the
passage of thisactnopersonof the age of sixty-five
years, or upwards, shall be qualified to hold any
commission in the army or navy of the United
States, and every such office shall become vacant
to all intents and purposes upon the incumbent's
attaining the age of sixty-five years."
Mr. GROVER now moved an amendment sim-
ilar to the one above offered by him, but designa-
ing eight instead of six rations per day.
This amendment, by ayes 74, noes 68, was
adopted.
Mr. E. XI. EWING offered an amendment, of
which we have not a copy, and which was lejccted.
Mr. A. JOHNSON offered an amendment, pro-
viding that after the .war the employment pf these
officers should not continue more than six months.
Mr. MORSE moved an amendment which the
reporter understood to be to add the words " ex-
cept such officers should be taken from the regular
line.*" Rejected.
And the amendment of Mr. Johnson was re-
jected.
Mr. McKAY offered the following amendment;
which was agreed to.
" Jlnd be it further enacted, That when any offi-
cer of the army shall make a requisition upon the
Executive of any State for militia or volunteers to
be employed in the service of the United States,
it shall be the duty of the officer to communicate
to the said Executive a copy of so much of his
instructions as contain the authority under which
he acts, and all calls otherwise made shall be dis-
regarded."
The committee then rose, and reported the bill
and amendments to the House.
And the question being on concurring in tho
amendments and on ordering the bill to a third
reading,
Mr. I-IUNGERFORD demanded the previous
question.
Pending which, thehour growing late, the House
adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were pre-
sented under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
| Bv Mr. 15. B. HOLMES: The remonstrance of Harris
| Clement, A. W. Pond, and 68 other citizens of Monroe
i comitv, new York, against any change in the present tariff.
I Bv Mr. ST. JOHN. The petition of H. L. Uarmer and
120 other citizens of Wood county, Ohio, asking a pension
] tor tin- vvniow of tilt' Rev. Joseph Badger, deceased, a chap-
: lain of'tUe revolutionary aim v.
By Mi. MAUS1I: The mumoriu! of citizens of the United
States residing in London, praying the puichase of Catlin's
[ Indian collection by Congress.
13 v Mr. MORSE: Tlie petition of Joshua Tai kington, Wi-
le} Duty, and 40 others, praying to have the parish of Jack-
son and a portion of the parish of Claiborne included in the
Ou.u-hita land distiict: referred to the Committee on the
Jmhri.uy.
By tlie SPEAKER: The petition of John Shircliff, of In-
diana, asking a pension.
By Mr. (rlf.ES: The mcmoiial of Drs. John P. Macken-
zie 'Thomas II. JJuoklor^ John Wlntridgc, William T. Leon-
;ud,;md otheis, of the ciiy of Baltimore, pi aym* that leeches
may he contumed in the list of articles fieeofduty: refened
to the Committee of W.ijs and Means.
By Mr. PRTTIT- The petition of M. W. Rowe and 65
other citizens of Po>ey county, Indiana, piaymg that Con-
gress no Jongei employ chaplains, to be paid out of tlie pub-
lic tirusony, but that the members who rcceive $8 per day
foi their setvices pay the chaplains of theii own choice out
of then own private/funds.
By Mi. FOSTER: The memorial of the Chesapeake and
Delaware Canal Company, relative to the block held therein
by the United States.
SPEECH OF ME. BENTON,
OP MISSOURI,
In tiie Senate, May 28, 1846.
On the Oregon Question.—{Concluded.)
[See Congre**ional Globe, No. 54.]
Mr. President: In the progress of my speech
j I find another little bit of rubbish in my path, just
' thrown into it from the other side of the sea—from
London—which I must clear away before I pro-
ceed further. It is in the form of an article in the
London Times newspaper. A friend has just gent
me pome numbers of that paper, in which a fu-
rious war is waged upon the Utrecht line of 49°,
motived by the conversational debate which took
place in this chamber some two months ago, and
in which the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass]
a nd myself were speakers, and in which the ex-
istence, or non-existence, of that line was the point
of contestation. The Times takes part with the
Senator from Michigan, and carries into his sub-
ject the usual quantity of his fiery zeal. It so
happens, Mr. President, that I possess a very deli-
cate scent, and smell things, especially of the rat
species, at an immense distance. So, when I read
