1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
015
&
li
cession of everything is found which is seen in
the alpine regions of Switzerland, glaciers only ex-
cepted. Magnificent mountain scenery—lakes—
grassy valleys—snow-capped mountains—clear
streams and fountains—coves and parks—hot and
warm springs—-mineral waters of many varieties—
salt in the solid and fluid state—salt lakes, and
even hot salt springs—wood* coal, and iron. Such
are the Rocky Mountains in the long and broad
section from the head of the Rio Grande del Norte,
of the sunny South, to the head of the Athabasca,
of the Frozen ocean. This ample, rich, and ele-
vated mountain region is deemed, by those unac-
quainted with the Farthest West, to be, and to be
forever, the desolate and frozen dominion of the
Wild beast and the savage. On the contrary, I
view it as the future seat of population and power,
where man is to appear in all the moral, intellect-
ual, and physical endowments which ennoble the
mountain race, and where liberty, independence,
and love of virtue, are to make their last stand on
earth.
Thus, agriculturally, and as producing the means
of human subsistence—as sustaining a population,
and supplying the elements of wealth and power,
as derived from the surface and the bowels of the
earth—I look upon the region drained by the wa-
ters of the Columbia as one of the valuable divis-
ions of the North American continent.
No reason to undervalue it on the score of com-
merce. But this branch of her advantages are
attacked through another channel—in the sup-
posed unfitness of the mouth of the Columbia for
the purposes of a port, commercial or naval. An
expedition of our own (Captain Wilkes) has fos-
tered this opinion; but fortunately furnishes the
correction to its own error. The narrative of the
expedition condemns the port: the chart that ac-
companies it, proves it to be good. This chart
was constructed upon the seventy days' labor of
three young gentlemen, midshipmen in the expe-
dition, whose numerous soundings show the dili-
gence and the accuracy of their work—their names,
Knox, Reynolds, and Blair. I read what was
written in the nairative : it differed from all that
Iliad read before. I examined the chart: it ap-
peared to me to present a fine harbor. But, being
no nautical man, I put no faith in my own opin-
ions, and had recourse to others. Mr. James
Blair, one of the three midshipmen who had sur-
veyed the port, was in this city, son of my friend
Francis P. Blair. I talked with him. His an-
swers were satisfactory. I addressed him written
queries. He answered them; and his answers,
supported by facts and reasons, placed the harbor
above that of New York. But a New York pilot
was in the city—Mr. John Maginn—for eighteen
years a pilot there, and that upon an apprentice-
ship of ten years, and now the President of the
New York Association of Pilots, and their agent
to attend to the pilot bill before Congress; he was
here, and made my acquaintance. 1 asked him to
compare the charts of the two harbors, New York
and the mouth of the Columbia, and give his opin-
ion m writing, detailed and reasoned, of their re-
spective merits. He did so: and these answers
place the port of the Columbia far above that of
New York in every particular, without exception,
winch constitutes a good harbor. In depth of
water and in width of channel—in directness of
channels, one being exactly straight, the other
with an elbow only—in the form and character of
the bar, which is narrow, with a hard sand bot-
tom, and gently sloping to the shores—in readi-
ness of access to the sea, being in the very edge of
the ocean—in freedom from ice in winter and great
heats in summer—in steadiness of winds and cur-
rents—in freedom from shelters outside of the har-
bor, where enemies' ships or fleets in time of war,
can hide, and lie in wait for returning or outgoing
vessels—in number, extent, and safety of anchor-
ing places, sufficient for any number and any class
of vessels, immediately within the harbor—in de-
fcnsibility, being, from the narrowness of the
mouth and the high points which overlook it, sus-
ceptible of absolute dcfcnce. And in this respect,
the mouth of the Columbia stands out pre-emi-
nently distinguished over all the rivers of the At-
lantic, and most of those of the world. No seven
mouths, like the Nile, or three like the Mississip-
pi no broad outlets through low sands and
marshes—no wide expanse of water at its mouth,
but a bay within, large enough to hold ten thou-
sand vessels, a narrow gate to enter the sea, and
promontories on each side to receive batteries to
defend it. In short, in a state of nature, without
pilots, bght-houses, buoys, beacons, steam tow-
boats, an excellent port: with these advantages,
superior to New York for every vessel, from the
merchant service to the ship-of-the-Iine. Such is
the harbor at the mouth of the Columbia, which
has been undervalued for several reasons; among
others, to find an argument for going to 54° 40' to
search for harbors in the depths of volcanic chasms,
often too deep for anchorage, too abrupt for ap-
proach, and always seated in steril lands to which
geography has attached the name of Desolation.
Like the other disadvantages attributed to the Co-
lumbia, that of the harbor at the mouth of the river
vanishes at the touch of examination ! not only
vanishes, but turns out to be one of its great and
positive superiorities. I would read the statement*
of Midshipman Blair, and the pilot, Mr. Maginn,
but find them too long for a place in a speech:
they will appear in an appendix. All the capaci-
ties of this harbor are well known to the British.
Often have their Government vessels surveyed it—
three times that I know of, and never with a dis-
paraging report. But why argue? While I speak,
the work is going on. Vessels have been entering
the port since 1792—a period of fifty-six years—
without pilots, lights, buoys, beacons, steam tow-
boats: without any of the aids which the skill and
power of civilization gives to a port. They are
entering it now; and, counting from its first dis-
covery, there is not a day in the year, nor an hour
in the day, or in the night, in which they have not
entered it, and entered it safely. A few have been
wrecked, and very few; the great mass have en-
tered safely, and this in a state of nature. What
will it be, then, when aided like the established
ports of the civilized world >
The carrying trade between eastern Asia and
western America will he another of the advantages
belonging to the Columbia. It is the only position
between the Isthmus of Darien and Behring's
Straits on which a naval power can exist. Mexico
has no timber, few ports, and none of the elements
of siiip building. The Lower California is the
same. Noithcin California, with the Bay of San
Francisco, and the magnificent timber of the Sierra
Nevada, is now shown, by the discoveries of Cap-
tain Fremont, to be geographically appurtenant to
the Columbia, and in time must obey its destiny.
The Columbia river is the scat of a great naval pre-
eminence: magnificent timber—the whole tidewater
region of the river, ISO miles in length—fit for a
continuous ship-yard—supplied with everything
from above—secure against tho possibility of hostile
approach from below. North of the Straits of
Fuca, it is a continued volcanic desolation, where
ships will hardly go, much less be built. During
three hundred years, it has remained, and still re-
mains, the derelict of nations. Russian fur-traders
alone have seated themselves upon some of its
hyperborean islands. There is no seat for a naval
power on the western coast of North America, ex-
cept on the Columbia. The Asiatics have no taste
for the sea; they never seek the great ocean. The
people on the Columbia, then, will be the carriers,
almost exclusively, between eastern Asia, and its
myriad of islands, on one side, and all Mexico,
California, and Northwest America, on the other;
and rich will be the profits of such carrying. I
set it down as another of the great advantages of
the Columbia.
The grasses of the country, indigenous as they
are, and in the wild state, are named by Captain
Fremont as among its natural advantages, sources
of national and individual wealth, and the means
of changing the mode of military operations, by
dispensing with the heavy commissariat of Euro-
pean armies. Horses for the men to ride on, and
cattlc for them to feed on, would both find then-
support in these grasses, and permit the most rapid
and extended movements of mounted gun-men,
cavalry, and horse artillery. He says:
"Referring to my journal for particular descriptions, and
for sectional boundaries between good and bad distuets, I
can only say, in general am! comparative terms, that, m
that branch "of agricultuie which implies the cultivation of
grains and staple crops, it would be inferior to the Atlantic
States, though many parts are superior for wheat; while, in
the rearing of flocks and herds, it would claim a high place.
Its grazing capabilities are great; and even in the indigenous i
grass now there, an element of national and individual
wealth may be found. In fact, the valuable grasses begin
within one hundred and fifty miles ofthe Missouri frontier,
and extend to the Pacific ocean. East of the Rocky Moun-
tains, it is the short curly grass, on which the butfalo delights
to feed, (whence its name of buffalo,) and which is still good
when dry and apparently dead. West of those mountains,
it is a larger growth, in clusters, and hence called bunch
grass, and which has a second or fall growth. Plains and
mountains both exhibit them; and X have seen good pas-
turage at an elevation of ten thousand feet. In this spon-
taneous product, the trading or travelling caravans can find
subsistence for their animals; and, in military operations,
any number of eavalry may be moved, and any number of
cattle maybe driven; and thus men andhorses besupported
on long expedition?, and even in winter In the sheltered
situations." (P. 277.)
Militarily, its advantages are vast, and are graph-
ically sketched by Captain Fremont. In, his ex-
tended explorations, he has viewed the country
under every aspect of natural or physical geogra-
phy, and thus presents it under its military aspect
in a state of nature :
"The Columbia is the only river which traverses the
whole breadth of' the countiy, breaking through all the
range*-, anil entering the sen. Drawing it* waters from a
section often degrees of latitude in the Rocky Mountains,
which are collected into one stream by three main forks,
(Lewis^, Clark's, and the North fork,) near the centre of
the Oregon valley, this great river thence proceeds by a
single channel to the sea, while its three forks lead each to
a pas5; in the mountains, which open5? the way into the in-
j' teiior of the continent. This fact in i elation to the riveis
; of this region, give an immense value to the Columbia. Its
!■ mouth is the only inlet and outlet to and from the sea; its
j; three forks lead to the passes in the mountains; it is, there-
!■ foie, the only line of communication between the Pacific
I and the interior of North America; and all opeiations of
I] war oi coinmeice, of national oi social intercourse, must
|' be conducted upon it. This gives it a value beyond estima-
!' tion, and would involve irreparable injury if lost. In this
i unity and concentration ot its waters, the Pacific side of our
!> continent ditlers entirely fiom the Atlantic side, where the
; | waters oi the Alleifhanv Mountains are dispersed into many
rivers, having their different entrances into the sea, and
: 1 opening many lines ofcommunication with the interior.
ii "Tin; Pacific coast is equally different fiom that of the
Atlantic. The coa«t of the Atlantic is low and open, in-
dented with numerous bays, sounds, and river estuaries,
accessible everywhere, and opening by many channels into
the heart of the countiy. The Pacific coast, on the contrary,
is high and compact, with few bays, and but one that opens
into the heart of the countiy. The immediate coast is what
the seamen call iron bound. A little within, it is skirted by
two successive range? of mountains, standing as ramparts
between the sea and the interior country; and to get through
winch, there is but one gate, and that narrow and easily
defended. This structure of the coast, backed by these two
langes of mountains, with its concentration and unify of
waters, gives to the country an immense military strength,
and will probably render Oregon the most impregnable
country in the woiid." (pp. 27J-5.)
Commercially, the advantages of Oregon will
be great—far greater than any equal portion of the
Atlantic States. The eastern Asiatics, who will
bo their chief customers, are more numerous than
our customers in western Europe—more profitable
to trade with, and less dangerous to quarrel with.
Their articles of commerce are richer than those
of Europe; they want what the Oregons will have
to spare—bread and provisions—and have no sys-
tems of policy to prevent them from purchasing
these ncccssarics of life from those who can sup-
ply them. The sea which washes their shores is
every way a better sea than the Atlantic—richer
in its whale and other fisheries—in the fur regions
which enclose it to the north—more fortunate in
the tranquillity of its character, in its freedom from
storms, gulf-streams, and icebergs—in its perfect
adaptation to steam navigation—in its intermediate
or half-way islands, and its myriad of rich islands
on its further side;—in its freedom from maritime
i Powers on its coasts, except the American, which
| is to grow up at the mouth of the Columbia. As
! a people to trade with—as a sea to navigate—the
! Mongolian race of eastern Asia, and the North
1 Pacific ocean, are far preferable to the Europeans
; and the Atlantic.
j But enough of this. The country is vindicated:
error is dispelled. Instead of worthlessness, the
j region of the Oregon is proved to have all the ca-
| pabilities of an immense Power. Agricultural
capabilities to sustain a great population, and to
furnish the elements of commerce and manufac-
tures—a vast and rich commerce and navigation at
its hands—a peaceable sea to navigate—gentle and
profitable people to trade with them—a climate
of supreme, and almost miraculous salubrity—a
natural frontier of mountain ramparts—a triple
barrier of mountains—to give her a military im-
pregnability.
Having cleared away the errors which under-
valued the country, and pointed out the advantages
peculiar to it, I now come to another advantage,
common to all North America, and long since the
cherished vision of my young imagination. A
Russian Empress said of the Crimea: Here lies
the road to Byzantium. I say to my fcllow-citi-
7.ens: Through the valley of the Columbia, lies the
