916
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
North American road to India. Twenty-eight
yearsago I wrote something on this head, and pub-
lished it. A quarter of a century of experience
and observation has given me nothing to detiact
from what I then wrote—nothing to add, except a.s
derived from the progress of the arts, and especi-
ally omnipotent steam. t , . .
The trade of the East has always been the rich-
est jewel in the diadem ot commerce. All nations,
in all a«-cs, have sought it; and those which obtain-
ed it or even a share of it, attained the highest
degree of opulence, refinement, and power. The
routes through which it flowed fertilized deserts,
and built up cities and kingdoms amidst the deso-
lation of rocks and sands. Phenicia, Egypt, Per-
sia, were among the ancient thoroughfares of this
commerce", Constantinople and Alexandria among
its modern channels; and Venice and Genoa in the
south, and Bruges and Antwerp in the north, the
means of its distribution over Europe. All grew
rich and powerful upon it; and, with wealth and
power, came civilization and refinement. The
Cape of Good Hope became the recent route, with
wealth to its discoverers, the Portuguese, and to
all their rivals and followers—the Dutch, English,
French, and others.
The commerce of Asia, always dazzling to the
Oriental nations, bccame the intense object of de-
sire to the western Europeans, from the time that
the crusaders visiied Constantinople, and Vasca di
Gama doubled the Cape of Good Hope. The daz-
zling attraction of this commerce was the cause of
the discovery of the New World. Columbus, go-
ing west to Asia, was arrested by the intervention
of the two Americas. From his day to the present,
skill and power have exerted themselves to get
round, or through this formidable obstacle. All
the attempts to discover a northwest passage weie
so many attempts to discover a western road to
India. All the discoveries of the French among
the interior lakes and great rivers of North Amer-
ica were with the same view. La Salle, the great
French discovercr, parting from his friends eight
miles from Montreal, for his last word,exclaimed,
La Chine! (China,) as the word which displayed
the object and end of his adventurous enterprise;
and by that name the spot is known to this day. lie
had all the qualities of a great discoverer but one:
he knew not how to conciliatc the feelings of Ins
people, and fell a sacrifice to their resentment on
the Arkansas. The Jesuit fathers, courageous and
pious missionaries, to whom the world was in-
debted for all its early knowledge of the interior of
North Amcrica, (I am speaking only of this in-
terior,) seeing the waters of a thousand lakes, held
in equilibrium on a vast plateau in the centre of the
continent, from which three great rivers went oil'
north, south, and cast, to the Atlantic; and hear-
ing the Indians speak of a river of the west, in their
language Oregon—a spelling which Humboldt fol-
lows—naturally supposed that, from the same
plateau a fourth creat river went oft" west, and actu-
ally sketched an Oregym from Lake Winepec to the
Pacific, still to be seen on some old mans. They
were right in the fact of the rner, though mistaken
in its source; and this is the first knowledge which
history has of Oregon.
Mr. Jelfcison, that man of rare endowments and
common sense—of genius and judgment—philoso-
phy and practice—whose fertile mind wa« always
teeming with enterprises bcneiicial to his species:
this rare man, following up the grand idea of Co-
lumbus, and taking up the unfinished enterprise of
La Salle, and anxious to crowd into his Adminis-
tration a galaxy of brilliant events, early projected ;
the discovery of an inland route to th^FPacific j
ocean. The Missouri river was to be one long ;
link in this chain of communication: the Columbia,
or any other that might serve the purpose, on the
other side of the mountains, was to be another.
Lewis and Clark were sent out to discover a com-
mercial route to the Pacific ocean; and so judi-
ciously was their enterprise conducted that their
return route must become, and forever remain, the
route of commerce: the route further south, through
the South Pass, near latitude 42, will be the trav-
elling road; but commerce will take the water line
of tlieir return, crossing the Rocky Mountains in
latitude 47, through the North Pass.
With the exception of a small part of the route,
the Hudson Day Company now follow, and have
followed for thirty years, the route of Lewis and
Clark. These eminent discoverers left the Co-
lumbia river near the mouth of Lewis's fork, went
up the Kooskooske, thence over a high mountain
to the forks of Clark's river; and thence through
the North Pass to the Great Falls of the Mis-
souri. The Hudson Bay Company have discov-
ered a better route to Clark's river, following the
Columbia higher up, and leaving it at the Upper
Falls, in latitude about 38§, and where they have
established their depot for the mountain trade, called
Fort Colville. From these Falls it is sixty miles
overland to Clark's river, whence the river is nav-
igable to its forks, three hundred miles up, and
within one hundred and fifty miles of the Great
Falls of the Missouri. Along this route the Hud-
son Bay Company have carried on their trade, for
near thirty years, even quite through to the east
side of the Rocky Mountains; paying no duties,
using our river and territories, poisoning the minds
of the Indians against us, and exhausting the coun-
try of its furs. Their goods arrive at Fort Van-
couver in ships from London—ascend the Colum-
bia to Fort Colville in batteaux—make a portage
of sixty miles to Clark's river, the lower part of
that river being unfit for navigation; then ascend
Clark's river to its folks, three hundred miles, and
thence to the headwaters of the Missouri. The
only part of this route with which I have but little
acquaintance is the sixty miles of portage from the
Upper Fails of the Columbia to the point where
Ckuk's river can be navigated. It may be moun-
tainous; but that it is practicable, is proved by the
fact that the Hudson Bay Company have used it
for thirty years: that it is the best route, is proved
by the further fact that long acquaintance with the
country has not induced them to change it. With
this slight deviation, the Hudson Bay Company
follow the return route of LewisandClark; and this
will be the route of commerce to the end of time.
The Columbia river is decried for its navigation,
not by the British, who know its value, and strug-
gle to maintain ita possession; but by those who
see the whole country beyond the Ilocky Moun-
tains through the medium of depreciation. It is,
even m a state of nature, a practicable river for
navigation. The tide (lows up it one hundred and
eighty miles; and to that distance there is ship nav-
igation. Batteaux ascend it to Fort Colville, at
the Upper Falls, making more, or fewer, portages,
according to the state of the water; and beyond that
point they still ascend, to the "Boat Encamp-
ment, " opposite the head of the Athabasca; where
a Pass in the mountains leads to the waters of the
Frozen ocean. Periodically, the river is Hooded
by the melting of the snows in the mountains; and
then many of the falls and rapids aic buried in
deep water, and no trace, of them seen. This is
even the case with the Great Falls, wheie a pitch
of twenty-eii'ht feet, at low wattr, disappears
wholly under the Hood. Sixty feet is the rise, and
that annual, and punctual. No ice obstructs its
surface: no sunken trees encumber its bottom. Art
will improve the navigation, and steam-vessels will
undoubtedly run to the Upper Falls—the pitch
sixteen feet—a distance from tidewater of some
six hundred miles; and the point where the land
carriage of sixty miles begins. Clark's river lias
a breadth of one hundred and fifty yards, up to its
forks, being near the width of the Cumberland at
Nashville. The melting of the snows gives it a
peiiodical flood. The valley through which this
river Hows is rich and handsome, in placcs fifteen
miles wide, well wooded and gtassy, ornamented
with the beautiful Flat Ilead Lake—a lake of thix ty-
five miles in length, seated m a large fertile cove,
and embosomed in snow-capped mountains. Hot
and warm springs, advantageously compared by
Lewis and Clark to those in Virginia, also enrich
it; and when the East India trade has taken its
course through this valley, here may grow up, not
a Palmyra of the desert, but a Palmyra, queen of
the mountains. From the forks of Claik's river,
nearly duo east, it is about ninety miles to the
North Pass, along a weli-bcatcn butFalo road, and
over a fertile, grassy, and nearly level mountain
plain. The North Pass is as easy as the South—
practicable by any vehicle in a state of nature, and
no obstacle to the full day's march of the traveller.
Lewis and Clark made thirty-two miles the day
they camc through it, and without being sensible
of any essential rise at the point of separation be-
tween the Atlantic and Pacific waters. To the
right and left the mountains rose high; but the
Pass itself is a depression in the mountain, sinking
to the level of the country at their base. From this
Pass to the Great Falls of the Missouri, and nearly
east from it, is sixty miles—in all, one hundred
and fifty miles from the forks of Clark 's river to
the Great Falls of the Missouri, which, added to
sixty miles from Clark's river to the Upper Falls
of the Columbia, gives two hundred and ten miles
of land carriage between the large navigable waters
of the Columbia and Missouri.
This is the sum of my best information on the
subject, the result of thirty years inquiries, and
believed to be correct; but an accurate topographi-
cal survey of the country between the two rivers,
and a profile, as well as a superficies map, with
barometrical, geological, botanical, astronomical,"
and meteoi-ological tables and observations, would
solve every question, and be a large contribution
to the science of the age, and to the future trans-
action of business. If snow, during some months,
should be found to impede the steam car in this
elevated region, (guessed to be seven thousand feet
above the level of the sea,) that same snow be-
comes the basis for the next best land conveyance
after the steam car—the sleigh. So that this little
intervention of dry ground between Canton and
New York will prove to be no obstacle either in
summer or winter.
Arrived at the Great Falls of the Missouri, the
East India merchant may look back and say, my
voyage is finished! Pie may look forward and
say, a thousand markets lie before me, of all which I
may take choice. A downward navigation of two
thousand five hundred miles carries him to St.
Louis, the centre of the valley of the Mississippi,
and the focus to which converge all the steam-
boats—now thousands, hereafter to be myriads—
from all the extended circumference of that vast
valley. Long before he reaches St. Louis, he is
running the double line of American towns and vil-
lages seated on either bank of the river. The Mis-
souri river is said to be the best steamboat river
upon the face of the earth—the longest—retaining
iis water best at all seasons, and periodically flood-
ed at a known day—free from rocks, and, for nearly
two thousand miles, free from sunken trees; for it
is on approaching the heavy forest hinds of the
lower Missouri that this obstruction occurs. All
above is clear of this danger. The river is large from
the Falls down; the mountain streams, almost in-
numerable, pouring down such ample contributions.
At the Mandan villages, and after the junction with
the Yellow Stone, itself equal in length to the Ohio,
it presents the same majestic appearance to the eye
that it docs towards its mouth. Coal lines its
banks in many places; fertile land abounds. A
military post will doubtless soon be established at
the Great Falls, as also on this side, at the Yellow
Stone, and beyond, in the valley of Clark's river,
and on the Columbia, at the Upper Falls: every
post will be the nucleus of a settlement, and the
future site of a great city. The East India mer-
chant, upon the new North American road, will
find himself at home, and among his countrymen,
and under the flag and the arms of his country,
from the moment he reaches the mouth of the Co-
lumbia—say within fifteen days after leaving Can-
ton ! All the rest, to the remotest market which he
can choose, either in the vast interior of the Union,
or on its extended circumference, will be among
friends. What a contrast to the time, and the
perils, the exposure and expense of protection,
which the present six months^ voyage involves !
Arrived at the Great Falls of the Missouri, the
East India merchant, upon this new road, will see
a thousand markets before him, each inviting his
approach, and of easy, direct, and ready access.
A downward navigation of rapid dcscent takes him
to St. Louis, and New Orleans, and to all the
places between. A continuous voyage, without
shifting tho position of an ounce of his cargo, will
carry him from the Great Falls to Pittsburg: a
single transhipment, and three days will take him
to the Atlantic coast: omnipotent steam Hying him
from Canton to Philadelphia in the marvellous
space of some forty-odd days ! I only mention one
line, and one city, as a sample of all the rest.
What is said of Pittsburg and Philadelphia, may
be equally said of all the western river towns to-
wards the heads of navigation, and of all tho At-
lantic, Gulf, or Lake cities, with which they
communicate. Some sixty days, the usual run of
a bill of exchange, will reach the most remote: so
that a merchant may give a sixty days' bill in his
own country, after this route is in operation, and
pay it at maturity with silks and teas which were
in Canton on the day of its date.
