1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
917
This is the North American Road to India, all
ready now for use, except the short link from the
mouth of the Columbia to the Great Falls of Mis-
souri !—all the rest now ready—made ready by
nature, aided by private means and individual en-
terprise, without the aid, or even countenance of
government! And will government now refuse
its aid; nay, more, obstruct the enterprise of indi-
viduals, and. frustrate the designs of nature, by
leaving the Columbia where it improvidently placed
it, in the year 1818—in the hands of a foreign Pow-
er, and that Power Great Britain ? Forbid it, every
principle of right and justice—every consideration
of policy and interest. Now is the time to decidc
this great question, and to redeem the error of 1818.
My voicc denounced the error then, and was un-
heeded. It was solitary, and received no response.
A nation now demands it; and it is not for a na-
tion's representatives to disregard a nation's call.
Cut even if it should be so, it may defer, but can-
not defeat, the great event. There is an order in
the march of human events which the improvi-
dence of governments may derange, but cannot
destroy- Individuals will accomplish what gov-
ernments neglect, and events will go forward with-
out law to guide them. So it has been already
with this Columbia. In 1792, a private individual
of Boston discovered this river: he revealed its ex-
istence to the world; government took no notice
of his splendid revelation. In 180G Lewis and
Clark returned from the Columbia: government
sent no troops there to occupy and retain the do-
main which they had nationalized. The sent of a
future empire lay a derelict on the coast of its rich
and tranquil sea. An individual administered upon
the vacant domain. A man of head—Mr. John
Jacob Astor—sent a colony there. During two
years his batteaux, carrying up goods, and bring-
ing down fuis, travcised every water of the Co-
lumbia; his ships visited Canton, Now Archangel,
the coasts of California, the Sandwich uud the Po-
lynesian islands. Astoria was in communication
with the commercial world. The name of the
young Tyre-—future queen of the New World—
was known to nations. Then came the acts of
government to baulk, delay, defer the great com-
mencement. I do not mean the war—that was a
brief and necessary event—but 1 speak of the acts
of government after the war. The commissioners
did their duty at Ghent: all posts, places, territo-
ries , taken from the United Slates during the war,
were, by the first articlc of that treaty, to be re-
stored. The posts or places of Astoria, the Oka-
nag-an, the Spo-kan, the Wah-lah-math, and the
whole territory of the Columbia river and its valley,
came under the terms of the treaty, and were bound
to be restored. The fate of the restoration of all
western posts attended the posts on the Columbia.
After the peace of 1783, the northwestern posts
were retained: British traders, backed by their
government, retained them : the Indian wars of
1791-3-4, were the fruit of that retention; and the
war of 1812 found one of its roots in the same
cause. This was the fate of western posts after
the war of the Revolution. After the war of 1812,
a far worse fate awaited the western posts on the
Columbia. A fictitious restoration of one post was
transacted—to be accompanied, in the very moment
of the transaction, by the surrender of the whole
country to the British. I say the surrender of the
whole; for nothing less was, or could be, the effect
of a joint-use possession between the weak and the
strong; between the scattered and dispersed Amer-
ican traders, abandoned by their government, and
the organized British companies, supported by
theirs ! A quarter of a century the British have
held the Columbia, the government doing nothing.
Four years ago the people began to move. They
crossed the ltocky Mountains; they have gone
down into the tidewater region of the Columbia.
Without the aid of government, they are recover-
ing what government lost, and renewing the phe-
nomenon of mere individuals exploring the bounds
of distant lands, and laying the foundation of dis-
tant empires. The question of American coloniza-
tion of the Columbia is settled! The people have
settled it; they are now there, and will stay there.
The trade with India will begin. If no more John
Jacob Astors shall arise to commence the trade
upon a great scale, it will proceed upon a small
onG—grow up by degrees—find an emporium in the
mouth of the Columbia, and spread itself all over
North America, through the line of the Columbia
and of the Missouri. The North American road
to India will be established by the people,'af not
by the government. The rich commerce of the
East will find a new route to the New World, fol-
lowed by the wealth and power which has always
attended it; and this will be another of the advan-
tages resulting from the occupation of the Colum-
bia.
And now, Mr. President, this is the exact reason
why the British want the Columbia. They want
it as the indispensable link in their own projected
North American route to India. This is shown
in McKenzie's history of his voyages of discov-
ery in 1789 and 1793. On both occasions he was
seeking a river line of communication between
Hudson's Bay and the Pacific. In the first voyage
he followed the Unjigah, or Peacc river, bearing
northwest through the Great Slave Lake and the
Great Bear Lake, and after two thousand miles of
navigation, found himself at the Frozen Ocean,
north, or rather cast of Behring's Straits. That was
too far north to answer any purpose. In the year
1793, he sat out ogam to find a more southern river
to the Pacific. On both voyages he sat out from
the same point—Fort Chipewyan, on the Athaba-
ca Lake. Instead of descending the Unjigah, he
now ascended it—went up to its head in the Rocky
Mountains—passed through a low gap—found a
stream flowing west, and followed it from its
source in 55° of north latitude, and followed it
down to 52°. Finding it to bear south, and be-
coming a large river, McKenzie believed it to be
the Columbia, aheady discovered by Gray; and
thereupon left it, and crossed over direct to the
Pacific ocean, which he reached some distance
north of Vancouver's Island, This voyage, like
the other, had failed in its object: it found no navi-
gable British river leading to the Pacific. And then
a new idea struck the disappointed explorer, which
he gave to the country, and impressed upon the
British government, eight years afterwards, in his
History of the Fur Trade. That work, published
in London in the year 1801, after lamenting that
a Northwest Passage could not be found, and de-
claring that the Columbia was the only line of
interior communication with the Pacific ocean,
boldly proposed to take it! on no other ground
than that it was indispensable to the commercial
communication between Hudson's Bay and the Pa-
cific, and no obstacle m the way, but Amciican
adventurers, who would instantly disappear from
before a well-regulated trade! that is to say, be-
fore the power of the British fur-trading com-
panies, backed by the power of the British gov-
ernment. Here is the extract from McKenzie's
History, which very coolly recommends all this
policy, as if the taking an American river, and
making the Americans disappear from if, was as
justifiable an operation as that of catching a beaver,
and killing him for his skin. Here is the propo-
sition of McKenzie, earnestly pressed upon his
government:
" The Nubians, wlio first discovered that, along the coast*
of Amu, no u>efnl oi regular navigation existed, opened an
niteuoi cwmnumcuuoti by iiver-v, See., and thiough that long
and wide-ovicmlrd continent, to tJ)e stunt that, separates
A-ra ttom Auicikm, ovei which they passed to ihe Ameri-
can continent. Our situation i?, at length, in sonic degice,
similar lotheirs: tne non-<\\i>teiice oi' a pi.u-ticable passage
by sea, and the existence of one through the eontmem, are
cleat ly pioved, and it require* only the countenance and
support of the Bmi&li Government to increase, in a veiy
ample pioportion, this national advantage, and &ccuic the
trade ot that country to its ?uhjeeis." " By the livers that
discharge themselves into Hudson's Bay, at Port Nelson, ft
is ptoposed to cariy on the ttade to then source, at the head
of the Saskatchi wine river, which rises in the ltocky Moun-
tains,not eight degrees ot longitude ftom the Pacific Ocean.
The Columbia flows from the same mountains, and di->-
ehaig- s itself into the X'acilic in north latitude -J6 20. Both
of them aie capable of receiving ships at their mouths, and
are navigable thtoughout for boats." " But whatevei couise
may be taken from the Atlantic, the Columbia, is (he line of
communication from the Pacific Ocean pointed out by nature,
as it is the only navigable river in the whole extent of Van-
couver? minute suivcy of that coast; it*? banks, also, form
thciirf-tleud eounliy m all the southern extent of continental
coast ftom Cook's eimy; and, consequently, themoM north-
ern situation, suitable to the residence of a civilized people.
By opening tins inteicourse between the Atlantic and Pacuie
Ocean*, ami forming legular establishment* through the in-
terior, and at both e.vticmes, as well as along the coa>t and
islands, the entire command of the fur trade of Noi th America
mi«ht be obtained, fiom latitude 48 to the pole, except iliat
poi tion of it which the Russians have in the Pacific. To this
may be added, the fishing in both sea*, and the market of
thefour quarteis of the globe. Such would be the field (or
commercial enterpii^, and incalculable would be the pio-
duce ot it, when siippoited by the operations of that ciedit
and capital which Gi eat Britain so pre-eminently possesses.
Then would this eountiy begin to be rcmuneiuted for the
expense it has susauned in discovering and -mrvcyinj? the
coast of the Pacific Ocean, which is at present lefttoAmer-
ican adventurers, who, without regularity or capital, or the
d 3ire of conciliating future confidence, look altogether to
the interests of the moment. Such adventurers (and many
of them, as I have been informed, have been very success-
ful) would instantly disappear from before a well regulated
trade." " Many political reasons, which it is not necessary
here to enumerate, must present themselves to the mind of
every man "acquainted with the enlarged system and ca-
pacities of British commerce, in support ot the measures
which I have briefly suggested, as promising the most
important advantages to the trade of the United King-
doms."
" For a boundary line between the United States and
Croat Britain, west of the Mississippi, McKenzie proposes
the latitude of4odegreees, because that latitude is necessary
to give the Columbia river to GreatBritain. His words are:
f Let the line begin where it may on the Mississippi, it must
be continued west till it terminates in the Pacific Ocean, to
the south of the Columbia"
It was in the year'1801 that McKenzie made
this proposition to the British government. That
government never ventured to act upon the propo-
sition until after the joint occupation treaty of
1818. Before that, its Ministers here hinted vague
claims, but refused to wiite them down, or to sign
them. After that convention, and especially after
its renewal in 1828, and after the disappearance
of our people from the Columbia under the power
and policy of the Hudson Bay Company, then the
government took the decisive stand, and went the
whole length of McKenzie's recommendation.
This is the origin of the British claim to the Co-
lumbia !—Because they could not find a north-
west passage—because the Unjigah went to the
Frozen ocean—because Frazer's river was unnav-
igable—because the Columbia river was the only
practicable line of communication with the Pacific
ocean, and its banks the only situation fit for the
residence of a civilized people: for these reasons,
after long delay and great hesitation, and aided by
the improvidence of our government, they set up
a claim to the Columbia! It was found to be the
only river on which a commercial communication
could be opened between Hudson's Bay and the
Pacific ocean—the only British American road to
India! The command of the North Pacific ocean,
and the monopoly of its rich trade, depended upon
the acquisition of the Columbia; and, therefore,
they must take it. This is the origin of the Brit-
ish claim to the Columbia river. It was ail indis-
pensable link m their commercial line across the
continent. The other end of that line was in the
frozen and desolate regions of Lake Winipec and
Hudson's Bay, along the icy streams of the Sas-
katchiwinc and Missinippi, (Nelson's river;) yet
even for such a route as this McKenzie invoked
the aid and protection of the British government,
and obtained it. That government now backs
the powerful fur company—the instrument of its
policy in America as the East India Company is
in Asia—in its pretensions to the Columbia as the
substitute for the Northwest passage; and if they
had the tithe of our title to it,would never surrender
it. Even with one end of their line terminating in the
icy and desolate waters of Hudson's Bay, she still
struggles for it. What would it be if she had the
North Pass and the Missouri river, bearing down
south to the centre of the valley of the Mississip-
pi? The British Government would fight the
world for such a line as that, and spend unnum-
bered millions in its improvement and protection:
yet we have turned our backs upon it—left it for
thirty years a derelict in the hands of our com-
petitors; and I am now listened to with some sur-
prise and incredulity when I represent this grand
commercial route to India upon the line of the
Missouri and the Columbia, as one of the advan-
tages of Oregon—one of our inducements to main-
tain our rights there.
The effect of the arrival of the Caucasian, or
White race, on the western coast of America, op-
posite the eastern coast of Asia, remains to be
mentioned among the benefits which the settlement
of the Columbia will produce; and that a benefit,
not local to us, but general and universal to the
human race. Since the. dispersion of man upon
earth, I know of no human event, past or tocomc,
which promises a greater, and more beneficent
change upon earth than the arrival of the van of
the Caucasian race (the Celtic-Angio-Saxon di-
vision) upon the border of the sea which washes
the shore of the eastern Asia. The Mongolian,
or Yellow race, is there, four hundred millions in
number, spreading almost to Europe; a race once
the foremost of the human family in the arts of
civilization, but torpid and stationary for thou-
sands of years. It is a race far above the Ethio-
pian, or Black—above the Malay, or Brown, (if
