918
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
we must admit five races)—and above the Ameri-
can Indian, or Red: it is a race far above all these,
but still, far below the "White; and, like all the
rest, must receive an impression ftorn the superior
race whenever they come in contact. It would
seem that the White race alone received the divine
command, to subdue and replenish the earth ! for
it is the only race that has obeyed it—the only one
that hunts out new and distant lands, and even
a Now World, to subdue and replenish. Starting
from western Asia, taking Europe for their field,
and the Sun for their guide, and leaving the IVlon- !
golians behind, they arrived, after many ages, j
011 the shores of the Atlantic, which they lit ;
up with the lights of science and religion, and j
adorned with the useful and the elegant arts, i
Three and a half centuries ago, this race, in obe- I
dicnce to the great command, arrived in the New
"World, and found new lands to subdue and re- j
plenish. For a long time it was confined to
(he border of the new field, (I now mean the
Celtic-Anglo-Saxon division;) and even fouiscore
years ago the philosophic Burke was consider-
ed a rash man because he said the English colon-
ists would top the Alleganies, and descend into
the valley of the Mississippi, and occupy with-
out parchment if the Crown refused to make
giants of land. What was considered a rash dec-
laration eighty years ago, is old history, in our
young country, at this day. Thirty years ago t
said the same thing of the Rocky MounUuns and
the Columbia; it was ridiculed then: it is becom-
ing history to-day. The venerable Mr. Macon
has often told me that he remembered a line low
down in North Carolina, fixed by a royal govern-
or as a boundary between the whites and the In-
dians: where is that boundary now > The van of
the Caucasian race now top the Rocky Mountains,
and spread down to the shoies of the Pacific. In
a few years a great population will grow up there,
luminous with the accumulated lights of European
and American civilization. Their presence m such
a position cannot be without its influence upon
eastern Asia. The sun of civilization must shine
across the sea: socially and commercially, the van
of the Caucasians, and the rear of the Mongo-
lians, must intermix. They must talk together, and
trade together, and marry together. Commerce
is a great civilizer—social intercourse as groat j
and marriage greater. The White and Yellow I
races can marry together, as well as eat and trade i
together. Moral and intellectual superiority will ;
do the rest: the White race will take the ascend- j
ant, elevating what is susceptible of improve- [
ment—wearing out what is not. The Red race
has disappeared from the Atlantic, roast: the tribes i
that resisted civilization, met extinction. This is i
a cause of lamentation with many. J-'or my part, ■
I cannot murmur at what stems to be the eff< ct j
of divine law. I cannot repine that this Capitol j
lias replaced the wigwam—this Christian people, i
replaced the savages—white matrons, the red !
syuaws—and_ that such men as Washington,
rest: and thus, the youngest people, and the new-
est land, will become the reviver and the regene-
rator of the oldest.
It is in this point of view, and as acting upon
the social, political, and religious condition of Asia,
and giving a new point of departure to her ancient
civilization, that I look upon the settlement of the
Columbia river by the van of the Caucasian race
as the most momentous human event in the his-
tory of man since his dispersion over the face of
the earth.
These are the values of the Columbia river and
its valley—these the advantages of its settlement
by us. They are great and grand, beneficial to our-
selves, and to the human race, and amply suffi-
cient to justify the United States in vindicating
their title to the country, and maintaining its pos-
session at ail hazards. 11 at I apprehend no haz-
ard. The excitement in Great Britain was on ac- j
count of the British settlements on Frazer's river,
which our claim to ol° 40' included and menaced.
That claim is now on its last legs. The myriads
of good citizens who have been deluded into its
belief, and who have no interest in being deceived,
now abandon it as a sheer mistake. The Balti-
more Convention, and the editors and orators who
were so unfortunate as to stake the peace, and the
honor, of their country on that error, and who had
probably never read the Russian treaties of 1824
and 18^5, nor the diplomatic correspondence of
that tune, nor ever heard of New Caledonia, not-
taken it into their heads to consider whether con-
tinents were appurtenant to islands, or islands to
continents: these editors and oratois may still hang
on to their old dream of fifty-four forty from mor-
tified pride, and the consistency, not of judgment,
but of vanity: they may still hold on to the shad-
owy phantom of their former love; but their power
to involve their country in a war for a line which
has no existence, and for a country that belongs to
Great Britain as clearly as does Canada, is gone.
They can no longer lead the country into war
upon a mistake! and thus the war party at home
may be said to be extinct. In Great Britain I see
no desire for war except with those who have no
power to make it, namely, the abolition fanatics,
and thu Hudson Bay traders. The former of these
parties, uninstructed by the scenes of the San Do-
mingo insurrection, and its effects upon the blacks
as well as the whites of that island, would deem ne-
gro emancipation cheaply purchased in the United
States by the slaughter of every man, the violation
of every woman, the massacre, of every child, and
the conflagration of every dwelling 111 the whole
slaveholding hall of the Union: but, happily, these
fanatics have no longer a French National Convcn-
tien to organize their crimes; and speeches and
votes must still be their arms instead of the knife
and the torch.
The fur traders, now as always, are still ready
for a war which gives them a little while longer
the monopoly of beaver; but their power is not
equal now to what it has been. They set the In-
Powhattan, Opechoiiei\mough,and other red men,
howsoever respectable ilicy may have been as
f-avages. Civilization, or extinction, lias been the
fate of all people who have found themselves in
(he track of the advancing Whiti s, and eivili/.a-
tion, always the preference of the Whites, has
been pressed as an object, while extinction has
Black and the Red races have often felt their amc
liorating influence. The Yellow race, next to them-
selves in the scale of mental and moial excellence,
and in the beauty of form, once their superiors in
the useful and elegant arts, anil in learning, and
still respectable though stationary; tins race can-
not fail to receive a new impulse fiom the ap-
proach of the Whites, improved so much since so
many ages ago they left the western borders of
Asia. The apparition of the van of the Caucas-
ian race, rising upon them ill the east after having
left them on the west, and after having completed
the circumnavigation of the globe, must wake up
and reanimate the torpid body of old Asia. Our
position and policy will commend us to their hos-
pitable reception: political considerations will aid
the action of social and commercial influences.
Pressed upon by the great Powers of Europe—
the same that press upon us—they must in our ap-
proach hail the advent of friends, not of foes—of
benefactors, not of1 invaders. The moral and in-
tellectual superiority of the White race will do the
Franklin, and Jefferson, have taken the place of] dians upon us in the war of the Revolution, and in
r>„.  i i . ,i. i .. !j fact began the war at Point Pleasant (mouth of the
Kcnhawa) in October, 1774. They instigated and
kept up the long Indian wars in the northwest,
tciminntcd at last by Wayne's victory under the
guns of a British fort. One of the causes of the
late war had its root in their love of beaver; and
their savages, as in the war of the Revolution,
followed as a consequence of its resistance. The [ fought the first battle in the bloody drama that was
ni ' 1 1 ' " - ' ' ' to follow. As an interlude, when not at war with
us, they fought each other; and nothing in the long
catalogue of Indian massacres can be more shock-
ing than thoseperpctraied upon each other, through
the instrumentality of savages, by the Hudson Bay
and Noitliwcst Companies; and all from the love
of beaver. The act of Parliament which united
these two companies under one charter, assigned it
for a reason of the junction, in the face of the act,
the necessity of joining them together to prevent
their destruction of each other. This company
would still find, m their opinion, judging from their
past acts and present writings, a compensation for
national war in their own further monopoly of beav-
er; but I see no sign of their success with the Gov-
ernment; and, for the lest, let them beware ! The
next war with Great Britain will leave them not a
fort standing, fiom the Lake of the Woods to
Hudson\s Bay.—from the Saskatchiwine to Fort
Chipewyart—from the mouth of Frazer's river to
Bear lake. But they have no longer power to make
war. A fter doing all they can to give that blessing
to the two nations, they will probably set up for
the innocent and injured party—demand indemnity
for losses—claim the navigation of the Columbia—
and require time to remove. 1 should be willing
to be a negotiator for half an hour when they
should come forward with such reclamations. I
would remind them of something that might stand
as a set-off, and that without going back to the
war of the Revolution, the wars of the northwest,
or the war of 1812. Leaving out old scores, and
confining myself to the unsettled account which has
grown up between us since the war of 1812, and
the five hundred men killed on the Missouri and the
Columbia, the five hundred thousand dollars worth
of property plundered there—the thirty years'
ravaging of all the fur regions in the valley of the
Columbia under the reciprocity convention, which
expelled our traders from our own territories in-
stead of admitting them into the territories of the
British : confining myself to these modern items,
and I would soon find enough to silence the de-
mand for indemnities, and rejecting the prayer for
future favors. But, enough of this. There is no
longer a party, either in the United States or Great
Britain, which can make a war either upon a mis-
take, or upon fanaticism, or on beaver.
The treaty of settlement and limits will probably
be concluded before the expiration of the twelve
months which the abrogation of the convention
requires: if not, the effect will be tlie same to us,
though not to Great Britain. Under the first ar-
ticle of the Ghent treaty we shall receive the pos-
session of the Columbia; and, as an incident of that
possession, as well as by the admission of Lord
Castlercagh in 1818, we shall have the right to
hold and go vern it until the question of title is de-
cided. ^ This brings me to the practical question of
providing for the establishment of government, and
the administration of law, in the country which
we claim. The President, in view of this question,
and with due consideration of what we can do
pending the convention, and what after its abroga-
tion, and confining himself to the first class of these
measures, has recommended five, namely, the no-
tice—the extension of law and government to the
American settlers to the same extent that the Brit-
ish Government has extended law and government
to British settlers—the protection of the emigrants
by a mounted regiment—block -houses on the way—
a monthly mail. These are the measures recom-
mended by the President. Pour of them have been
granted (for the mounted regiment will furnish the
best mail-carriers;) one only remains, that of the
temporary provision for the government of the set-
tlers; and this might have been passed in as little
time as it would have taken to read the bill three
times, if presented in the form recommended by
the President. He recommended an extension of
our law to our settlors to the same extent that the
British had extended it to theirs. This might have
been done by the easy process of copying their act,
with the modifications which would liave adapted
its application to our citizens; and by this means
an adequate temporary Government would have
been provided, with the advantage of being free
from the possibility of objection, or cavil on the
part of the British authorities.'
The bill from the House is not a'laodffied copy
of the British act, and is therefore objectionable
It also provides for what is already done, and
therein is objectionable again. A bill for' the
mounted regiment, and the chain of block-houses,
for the protection of the emigrants, passed the
Senate five months ago. Not being presented as
a war regiment, for the conquest of the conntry up
to 54° 40', it passed with so little notice, that the
event seems to have been almost unobserved. It
has lately passed the House of Representatives,
and is now the law of the land; and if all the other
measures recommended by the President had been
brought forward in the same way, they would
have passed as easily, and the whole five measures,
notice and all, finished four or five months ago.
But they were brought forward as war measures—
war for " all or none"—clear up to 54° 40'. This
was the cause of the delay, and the reason why
one of the measures—that of the temporary gov-
ernment—remains unacted upon to this day. The
provision in the bill from the House for the regi-
ment and the block-houses, is, therefore, not merely
unnecessary, but a work of supererogation—a sort
of superfetation in legislation. Equally supererog-
atory , and absolutely impracticable, is the pro -
vision in the bill for the establishment of a monthly
