1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
925
beJ* further enacted* That, the President of
the United States be, and he is herein, authorized to appoint
as many additional assistant adjutant general^, not exceed-
ing lour, as the service may require; who shall be appointed
in the same manner, have the same brevet rank, pay and
emolument*, and be charged with Die s,ame duties, as those
now authorized by law: Provided, That these additional ap-
pointments shall continue only so long as the exigencies of
the service may render necessary.
Sec. 7. Jlrul he it fwrther enacted, That promotion in the
quartermaster's department to the rank of major, shall hcre-
atter be made from the captains of the aimy: Provided, That
no othcer shall hold a commission in said department of the
rank or major, or higher, and at the same time retain acom-
mission in the line.
Sec. 8. *3nd be it farther enacted, That the aids-de-camp
ot the major geneial commanding the army in time of war
may be taken from the line without regard to rank; and the
nids-de-camp allowed to other major generals and brigadier
generals may be taken from the grade ot captain or subaltern;
and that the commanding or highest geneial in rank may,
wlulc in the field, appoint a military secretary from the sub-
alterns ot the army, who shall have the pay and emoluments
of a major ot cavalry foi the time being.
Sisc. 9. Jlnl be it further enacted, That the allowance for
clothing to each non-commissioned officer, musician, and
private of volunteers, shall be three dollars and lifiy cents
per month during the time he ahull be m the service of the
United States.
Sec. 10. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the non-commis-
sioned otficeis, musicians, and pnvates of volunteers and
lmlitia, when called into the sorvico of the United States,
shall be entitled to leccive liity cents in heu of subsistence,
and twenty-five cents in lieu of foioge, for such as aie
mounted, loi every twenty miles, by the most direct route,
from the period of leaving their homes to the place of gen-
eral rendezvous, and fioni the place of dischaice back to
their homes.
Sec. 11. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That the colonel, or
senior officer of the ordnance department, is authorized to
enlist for the service ot that department, as many master
unnoreis, master cmriugo-makcrs, master blackMniths, ar-
tifieeis, armorers, carriage-makers, blacksmiths, and labor-
er, as the public sorvice m his judgment, under the direction
oi the Seciet.uv for the Department of War, may require.
Skc. lk2. .Bnd be it Jurther enacted, That the President of
the united States be, and he is hereby, authorized and <Ii-
lccted to cause <uch number of infantrv, cavalry, and aml-
lery tactics and general leguiahnus uf the army may be
ncces-ary foi tiie liwti action and information of the volun-
teer foice called into the s-eivice of the United States, or
otdeied to hold themselves in rcadiue.ss for that service, to
be procured and distributed for their use, and that the same
be paid lot out of any money in the troa&uiy not othciwise
appropuated.
Sko. 13. 'find be it further emu lei, Th.it the opeiation of
the act approved May 29, IKH), mulled "An iict to alter and
amend the 65tli aitrt le of the first seetiori ot an act eutub d
An act for o-4ubJishing rules and artic les for the govei timcnl
of Uie L'in fed Slates arms, pa-ned thv 10th of Apul,
 >e, and tue same h heieby, suspended during the war with
Mexico.
Size. 11. ,&>ul 1 e It further enacted, That to the uiies and
inUrles for the go\ eminent oi the atnues ot the United
States, e-,t ibhshed [iy the above reeited act, in the Instruc-
tion ot the >ame, shall be added the following:
Article Kni. Any officer, or soldier, or any other of the
poisons dese.ibed or enumerated in the sixtieth, niueiy-
sixth, and nmety-seventh of the said established atticles,
arul in general all othci follow eis of a camp or army of the
United States, when any such army shall be serving beyond
the limits of the United States and their organized territorial
governments, may be tried, and capitally or otherwise pun-
ished, by sentence of a general court-martial, accenting to
the natuie and degree of the offence, for any murder or
other felony committed upon the person or piopeity of any
of the persons heiem included, or upon the poison or prop-
eity ol any of the people of the country beyond the saul
geogiaplucal or judicial limits.
Sue. 15. Jiiid be it farther cnactcd, That from and after the
passage of this act, no officer of the army of tin United
States not actually engaged in prosecuting or aiding in ear-
rjnig on hostilities agiunst the public enemy, shall be enti-
tled to leceivc moie than eight idtions per day or commu-
tation therefor
Sue. If). Jhid be it farther enacted, That when any otficer
of the army shall make a inquisition upon the Executive of
any State for militia oi volunteers to be employed m the
seiviee of the United States, it >hall be the duty of the otfi-
cer to communicate to the said executive a copy of so much
ot his instructions as contain the aiuhontv under winch he
acts, and all calls othei wi«e made shall be di^regaided.
Mr. HARALSON moved a reconsideration of
the vote.
And the question being taken, the vote was not
reconsidered.
Mr. MORRIS rose to call up the motion to re-
consider the vote by which a resolution heretofore
introduced by him had been laid on the table.
Not now in order.
VOLUNTEERS AND MILITIA.
Mr. G. DAVIS moved that the special order be
postponed, to enable him to offer a joint resolution.
The SPiCAKER said that even if the motion to
postpone should prevail, it would not be in order
for the gentleman to introduce any extraneous
matter without a vote of two-thirds.
Mr. HOGE inquired if a motion to go into com-
mittee would be in order?
The SPEAKER said no; because there was a
motion pending to postpone the very business
which the committee must take up.
Mr. G. DAVIS asked that the resolution might
be read for information.
And it was read as follows:
Whereas the Government of the United States has no
power to call on the States for regular troops, or for any-
other description of military force but militia, either drafted
or volunteers; and whereas, by an act entitled "An act pro-
viding for the prosecution of the existing war between the
United States and the Republic of Mexico," the President
was authorized to call for, and acccpt the services of, any
number of volunteers not exceeding 50,000, and he has, in
vn tue thereof, called upon the Governors of several States
tor a specified number of volunteers, and the said States have
proceeded to raise and to appoint officers in part for the vol-
unteers so raised by them, which they have no authority to
do, unless the troops so raised be the militia of the States
respectively: Therefore be it
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the
United States of Jbneru a in Gongres* assembled, That all the
volunteer troops iaised, or to be raised, under the act afoie-
said, are, and are hereby declared to be, the militia of the
States; and the several'Sutes raising any poition of said
volunteer liuhtia, have respectively the right to appoint the
officers tbeieof.
The SPEAKER. How long docs the gentle-
man propose the postponement?
Mr. G. DA.VIIS said,until to-morrow.
Mr. PETTIT moved that the resolution be laid
on the table.
The SPEAKER said no such motion could be
entertained, because the resolution had not been
received.
Mr. PETTIT. Then I move to lay on the table
the motion to postpone the special order.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman'is object is to
relieve the House from the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] that object
will not be accomplished; because any gentleman
may, immediately afterwards, move a postpone-
ment. But if the gentleman insists, the Chair will
put the question.
Mr. PETTIT insisted.
Mr. G. DAVIS asked the yeas and nays on the
motion to lay on the table to postpone.
After Nome conversation on a point of order be-
tween Mr. G. VV. JONES and the SPEAKER,
Mr. PETTIT withdrew his motion.
Mr. G. DAVIS asked the yeas and nays on the
motion to postpone; which were ordered.
The Clerk called the roll, and the vote resulted
as follows :
VKAS—JMe-'^rs. Abbott, A-hniun, R.mimjrr, Hell, lilanch-
aid, Millou Hiown. ] J it fi luyt i >j), William \V. Campbell,
< 'in Ke, < 'olhum i, ('ian- ton, ("loxier, ("ulvei, Garrett Davis,
Kiwin II. I'-u-mc, Foot,Gentiy, Gndei. Gnnnell, Hampton,
ll.trpei, Heiii<k, llilli.ud, Elias I). Holmes, Samuel I).
Hubbard, Hudson, Washington Hum, Daniel P. King,
Thomas Butler King, McG.m^bey, Mellenry, MuJlvaine,
Ma^h, Miller, Motley, Pollock, JuIiiks Rockwell, Root,
Rimk, Schenck, Seaman, Ttuntau Smith, Albert Smith,
Caleb Ji. Smith, Stephens, Strolnn, Tbibodeaitx, Tliotii-
iu on, Jlenjamm Thompson, Toombs, Trumbo, Wright,
und Young—;>3.
NAYS—Messrs, John Ciuiney Allans, Stephen Adams.
Tlenton, James Mark, Uowhn, fiojd, Bimkeihod,
IJroekonbrougli, Win. G. Ilrowu, Ihut. Caiheail, Keuben
Chapman, Ciiaxe, Clupinati, Clarke, Cobb, Collin, Culloni,
(''umnunH, Cunningham, Daniel, D.ngun, Jeilerson Davis,
l)e Mott, Dillingham, Dobbin, Diomgooie, Duiilap, Ells-
worth, Erdmau, Fickhn, Files, G.uvin, Giles, Goidon,
Giaiiam, Giover, Hamlin, Ilaialson, llarmanson, llenlev,
lloge, Hopkins, Hough, Geoi«e Houston, Edmund W
llufmul, Ilungetfoid, James D. Hunt, Charles J. Ingei^oll,
Jenkins, James H. Johnson, Andrew Johnson, Geoige W.
Jones, Seaborn Jones, Kaufman, K<rinedy, Leake, La
Sere, Lumpkin, Maelav, McClean, MeCleliand, MeCler-
nand, MoConnell, JMeCrate, Joseph J. McDowell, James
McDowell, Melvay, John V. Martin, Baikley Mauin, Mor-
ns, Moulton, Noiri<, Owen, Painsli, Pajne, Pemll, Periy,
VetUt, Whelps, Ratlibun, Keid, Rttfer, Kob'-rt-J, Sawjer,
Hcnmmon, Simpson, Thomas Smith, Kubei trinntli, Stanton,
Ftaikwciithei, rit. John, Stiong, James Thompson, Jacob
Thompson, Thurman, Towns, Tiedway, Vance, Wont-
worth, Wheaton, Wick, Williams, Woodward, Woodwoith,
and Yost—107.
So the special order was not postponed.
Mr. HOGE moved that the Mouse resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. M. L. MARTIN asked Mr. H. to with-
draw the motion.
It was not withdrawn.
And the question having been taken, the motion
was agreed to.
MINERAL LANDS.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Mc-
Clelland of Michigan in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the bill directing the President
to cause the mineral lands in the States of Illinois
and Arkansas and in the Territories of Wisconsin
and Iowa, to be exposed to sale; and of the amend-
ments thereto pending.
Mr. COLLAMER spoke briefly in favor of the
passage of the bill, contending that there was no
cause for further delay in the sale of these lands;
and that it was better that the everlasting conten-
tion which there had been in relation to them should
be ended.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH next got the floor, and
yielded to
Mr. DODG-E, who said -he had a few facts
which he wished to submit to the House before
the vote was taken. He felt a deep interest in the
prcssage of the bill for the sale of the mineral lands
so called. It was a measure for the passage of
which a large portion of those whom he represent-
ed had been anxiously looking for the last six or
eight years. He would appeal to members, and
ask them if, in disposing of the public lands, they
would discriminate between the States and Terri-
tories ? If they adopted the amendment of the gen-
tleman from iNew York, [Mi. Rathbun,] which
provided a minimum of five dollars, they would
do so.
The mines of Missouri had been worked since
1723, having been opened at that time, as was sta-
ted by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. McCler-
nand,] by llenaut for the Royal India Company.
They became ours by the acquisition of Louisiana
in lo03, from which time up to 1829, covering a
space of twenty-six years, this same penny wise
and pound foolish policy of leasing them was ob-
served. During seventeen years of territorial de-
pendence, and nine of State sovereignty, and against
the solemn and urgent appeals of her representa-
tives, and in utter disregard of the interests of her
people, the Government of the United States con-
tinued to withhold the Missouri mines from sale,
under the ridiculous and absurd idea of obtaining
an increased price for the lands containing those
mines. And what was the result when, in 1830
and 1836, these lands were offered for sale under
proclamation of President Jackson ? Mr. D. held
m his hand a letter from the commissioner which
furnished the answer. There were 592,726 89-100
acres of land offered at the land offices at St. Louis
and Jackson, offered at public sale or outcry, after
having been advertised for six months, ns well in
the Atlantic city papers as in those of the western
country, and less than 8,000 acres wore sold, bring-
ing but a little upwards of nine thousand dollars,
and averaging just $1 38^ per acre. But gentle-
men might think that perhaps the people of that
Stale had combined to prevent bidding at those sales.
Such was not the fact, and he would prove it. If
combinations arc ever formed to prevent bidding on
or buying the public lands, those combinations, from
the nature of things, could only exist during the pub-
lic sales. And, in the case of the Missouri mines,
he had gone to the trouble of getting a statement
from the General Land Office, which shows that
in the whole of the years subsequent to the public
salts, there were entered at private entry but
13,271 92-100 acrcs at $1 25 per acre. This state-
ment demonstrates the fact that the value placed
upon mineral lands is entirely incorrect; that they
are by no means as valuable as agricultural lands.
Contrast this offer to sell more than a half million
acres of mineral lands, which had been reserved
and worked by our Government for upwards of a
quarter of a century, and for about a century be-
fore by the French and Spanish Governments,
with a sale that had taken place in the Platte dis-
trict, so called, in the same State. In this latter
district there had never been a pound of mineral
discovered; and yet, from a statement which I
hold in my hand from the General Land Office, it
is shown that within one year after the lands were
proclaimed to be sold, 407,576 06-100 acres were
bought, bringing into the treasury upwards of half
a million of dollars. These statements were official,
and their truth beyond question. But gentlemen
may tlunk that the mines of Illinois, Wisconsin,
and Iowa, are more valuable than those of Missouri
were. Such was not the fact. He spoke of the
mines; and would give some of the reasons upon
which he based his assertion. The Missouri mines
are 500 miles nearer to market than those of Iowa,
Wisconsin, and Illinois. The cost of transporta-
tion ivas therefore much greater from the latter
than the former. This cost was greatly enhanced,
because of the obstructions which the " rapids'''
interpose to the navigation of the Upper Missis-
sippi, and by the shorter period of navigation, by
reason oi the low water in the summer, and the
closing of the river by ice in the winter, reducing
the whole duration of safe annual navigation over
