926
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
the rapids to about six months. In Missouri,
timber, an essential ingredient m the manufacture
of lead, was much more abundant, the climate
milder, and navigation unobstructed during the
greater part of the season—advantages, which all,
who know anything of the working of mines, can-
not but see are very great.
The Government of the United States, (said
Mr. D0) according to the official statement from
the Commissioner of the General Land Office, have
reserved and withheld from sale, in the State of
Illinois on account of its supposed lead mineral
character, 242,409 acres of land; in Wisconsin,
242,880 acres; and in Iowa, 285,136acres; making
iu die total 770,415 acres; an area, in superficial
extent, greater than th.it embraced by the State of
Rhode Island, by 2,415 acres; a State having two
Representatives on this floor, and two in the other
wing of this Capitol. And upon this vast extent
of country there are estimated to beat this time
thirty or forty thousand inhabitants, with a voting
population of ten or twelve thousand; and, with
the exception of two or three town sites, and a few
other tracts of land that have been sold, there arc
no freeholders within the district: and the people
residing within those districts might truly be said
to be tenants at will of this Government. Could
any American legislator contemplate the situation
of things existing in that rich and desirable region
of country without regret, and without admitting
that it is contrary to the spirit and genius of our
institutions?
Mr. J), said that gentlemen placed entirely an
over-estimate upon the value of those mineral
lands. And if they were valuable, they should
remember that it was the miner that had made
them so. It was by his skill, his entcrprisel and
his labor, that these mines had been opened. In
looking at the public documents that Congress had
published in leference to the Missouri mines, he
had discovered amongst them a letter from Judge
John Rice Jones, written at the request of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, in No-
vember, 1816. Judge Jones was a gentleman of
extensive information and most accurate observa-
tion, and what he said of the manner in which
those mines were discovered was so much to the
point, and so well expressed, that Mr. D. said he
would read a short extract from his letter for the
information of the House. Judge Jones says:
" All, oral lca-t wo-tof the mines now known, were dis-
oovexd by pmate individual*, at ngieateApememul ianaue,
m neail} tin' following maimer: A man, and toiuctimcs a
eompnnv of men, in partners-lup, went into tho wood*, and,
JiavuiL' ti k«'<1 on a spot winch, m then opinion, mi-jlit contain
nnncnl, dug <t number of pit* and boles of greatei or lens
depth su L'iiulm& t<> oreum-tanecH. Sometime*, |>uf >tldom
on tho lii>t 1ri.il, he Mioeeeded: if not, he tried oihei spots
ag.un and again, with no better ■•uoee>}*  until ai !a<i hcahan-
(ttmed the piojeet in despair, or for the want of funds: and
mimb.is of iiis4ane<"4 have <k en. red when a whole summer's
work ha-; be (n employed without hcing able to make a dis-
covery ot nunejal. In la< t not one ni fifty has succeeded.
When I'm ttinaie enough to do m>, it was the invariable prac-
tice oi the Spanish Government to eciiipen>ate intnbytho
jjjjant of pait (lour aipuns) of the land, including his dis-
covei v."
Mr. P. said that no grants, no bounties, were
confoired by the bill now under consideration. It
was carefully drawn, and was almost an exact
copy of the Missouri law. He hoped that it would
pass, and that the miners and farmers would have
an opportunity to purchase, and to become the
owners of the lands upon which they have made
their locations.
Mr. 11. SMITH said he did not rise to make a
speech, his colleagues, [Mr. McClkiixand and Mr.
Huge,] and others who had advocated the passage
of the bill, had perhaps said all that was net.ess.~uy
to insure its passage, without further deiay. He
would, however, say that, aside from the duty of
the Government to relieve these settlers upon the
lands called " mineral lands" from the state of un-
certainty ond suspense, under which they had so
long suffered, that as a matter of expediency alone
the Government ought to sell these lands as pro-
vided in the bill now under consideration. What,
asked Mr. S., was the question for the committee
to determine, in order to do justice to a 11 the parties
iuteiested ? Why, simply to ascertain the value of
these lauds, compared with other lands in the same
States and Territories, not reserved as mineral
lands.
Now, Mr. Chairman, oil who have had an op-
portunity of ascertaining the proceeds resulting
from labor bestowed upon farming lands, and com-
paring the results with an equal amount of labor
performed in digging for lead ore, would bear him
out in the assertion that the labor employed in
farming yielded a better return or profit than that
employed m mining for lead ore. And is it not a
well-settled principle that lands, as well as all com-
modities offered for sale m the market, are valuable
only in proportion as they are capable of yielding
a profit to the purchaser, or contribute to his com-
fort or happiness? It is true that some few men
make fortunes by mining; but where one case of
this kind occurs, thousands will be found who have
made nothing. Mining, like lotteries, is exciting
and uncertain. An occasional prize drawn by a
lucky individual, stimulates thousands to embark
in the hazardous speculation of purchasing lottery
tickets. So it is in mining; the discovery of one
valuable lead mine sets thousands to digging, each
hoping to be equally fortunate in the discovery of
wealth. It is only necessary for gentlemen to ex-
amine for themselves districts of country exclu-
sively devoted to agriculture, and then districts (of
the same extent) engaged in mining, and they will
readily see the superiority and greater profits of
the farming community over that of the mining
districts. The farming lands yield a more sure
and ccrtain return. Wealth is more equally dis-
tributed among the masses; and although you may
not find any m.ui so rich iu the farming district as
some one man in the mining district, you will find
very few who do not make a good living. Mr. S.
said he lived more than three hundred miles from
the mineral lands in northern Illinois, and his con-
stituents had no immediate interest in the provis-
ions of the bill under consideration, but he wished
to see justice done to the settlers who had gone on
in good faith and improved these lands, trusting to
the justice of the Government to give them a title
to the fruits of their labor. Mr. S. considered the
whole policy of the Government in relation to the
public domain had been unwise and injudicious;
and that it was high time that a more just and a
more liberal policy should be pursued.
It was true, as .stated by his colleague, [Mr.
IIoge,] that but a small portion of the land reserv-
ed as mineral lands, was actually known to con-
tain mineral. Most of these lands were considered
valuable for their farming properties only, and he
asked if it was not unjust to these cultivators of the
soil to demand of them five dollars per acre for land
not so good, not as favorably situated for a market,
as other farming lands sold for $1 25 cents per acre
in other portions of the same States and Territo-
nesr Many of these lands might now be worth five
dollars per acre; but he would ask, what gave them
this value? Was it the mineral they were sup-
posed to contain? No such thing; it was the im-
provements put upon the lands by the settlers. The
houses and stables, and fences, they had built and
had made, the fruit trees they had planted, &c.,
which gave them their value. And he asked if gen-
tlemen desired to force these settlers to pay five
dollars per acre for their lands, or subject them to
the uncertainty, or rather certainty, of having their
homes taken from them by the merciless specula-
tor? He trusted that such would not be the deci-
sion of the committee. Mr. S. said that all ex-
perience had shown the mischievous effects and
evils growing out of this system of the Govern-
ment reserving lands and leasing them. The true
policy of the Government was, to dispose of its
lands as speedily as possible, passing them into the
hands of the hardy and enterprising farmer and
miner, at prices merely covering the cost to the
Government. If the reserved mineral lands in Illi-
nois had been sold at $1 2f> per acre soon after her
admission into the Union as a State, the interest
alone on that sum would, in his opinion, double in
amount what the Government wilt get for the lands
under any plan that can be adopted. The sale of
the mineral lands in Missouri, he thought, ought
to satisfy every member of the committee that it was
idle and useless to hold up these lands for a high
price, when all experience went to show conclu-
sively that these lands, as a whole, were not as
valuable as good farming lands. Mr. S. hoped gen-
tlemen would see the necessity of settling this vex-
ed question, and of doing a simple act of justice to
meritorious settlers upon those lands, by passing,
without amendment, the bill as it came from the
committee. It would only be doing what ought to
have been done long ago.
Here the Chairman's hammer fell, the hour
having arrived for terminating the debate on this
bill.
The time allotted for debate haying expired-—
- The question was stated to be on the amend-
ment of Mr. Rathbun", declaring that said lands
should not be sold for less than five dollars per acre.
™ Mr. RATHBUN withdrew it to enable
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON to have the question ta-
ken on the following modified substitute:
" That the President be, and lie hereby is, directed, as
soon as practicable, to cause all the reserved lead mines and
contiguous lands in the States of Illinois and Arkansas and
Territories of Wisconsin and Iowa, belonging to the United
States, to be exposed to sale, in the same manner that other
public lands are authorized &y Jaw to be sold, except as here-
inafter provided.
" Sec. 2. be it further enacted, Thai six months' no-
tice of the times and places of said sales shall be given in
sueli newspapers of general circulation, in such of the States
as the President may think expedient, with a brief descrip-
tion of the mineial regions of the States of Illinois and Ar-
kansas and Territories of Wisconsin and Iowa, and of the
lands to be offered for sale; showing the number and local-
ities of the different mines now known, the probability of
discoveiing others, the quality of the ore, the facilities of
working it, the fuither facilities (if any) for manufactories
of shot, sheet lead, and paints, and the means and expense
of transporting the whole to the pnncipal markets in the
United States.
" Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That upon satisfactory
proof made to the register and receiver of the proper land
office, that any tract or tract4* of said lands containing a mine
or mines of lead ore, actually discovered and being worked,
then, and in that case, the same shall be sold in such legal
subdivision or subdivisions, of not less than forty acres, as
will Include such mine or mines; and if such tract or tracts
shall not be sold at such public sale, they may be entered at
private sale as other lands : Provide!, That no legal sub-
division of any of said lauds, upon which there may be an
outstanding lease or leases from the Government of the
United States, or their authorized agent, unexpired and un-
determined, shall be sold until after the determination of
such lease or leases by efilux of time, voluntary surrender, or
other legal extinguishment thereof."
The substitute amendment was declared to be
rejected.
The committee then rose, and reported the bill
to the House without amendment.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON renewed the motion to
amend the bill by inserting the substitute he had
indicated.
Mr. STEPHEN ADAMS demanded the pre-
vious question.
On motion of Mr. McCLERNAND, the House
again resolved itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. McClelland, of
Michigan, in the chair.)
The committee proceeded to the consideration of
the bill to grant a certain quantity of land to aid in
the improvement of the Fox and Wisconsin rivers,
and to protect the same by a canal, in the Territory
of Wisconsin.
Mr. VINTON moved to strike out the second
proviso of the first section.
Mr. McCLERNAND suggested that the gentle-
man had better include the third proviso also, so
as to leave the lands under the operation of the
general system now in force.
Mr. VINTON did
did not accept the suggestion.
Mr. RATHBUN was in favor of the motion to
strike out the proviso.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved to amend the
amendment by striking out the third proviso also.
Mr, JACOB THOMPSON indicated a motion
to strike out all provisoes of the section, and ex-
plained the object of the motion.
Some desultory discussion followed, in which
Messrs. COLLAMER, JOS. J. McDOWELL,
VINTON, M. L. MARTIN, J. B. HUNT,
STEPHEN ADAMS, and JEFFERSON DA-
VIS, participated.
Mr. J. B. HUNT gave notice of the following
amendment:
Stiikc out from the words <e one half of," eighth line, first
section, to and including the word t( canal," fifteenth line,
and insert "three sections in width on each side of the said
Fox river and tho lakes tlnongh which it parses from its
mouth to the point where the Portage canal bh.ill enter the
same, and on each side of taid canal from one stream to th<*
other, leserving ttie alternate section* to the United States,
to bri selected under tin; dnection of the Governor of said
territory, and Mich solocuon to be approved by the Presi-
dent of the United States."
Mr. McCLERNAND withdrew his motion for
the present.
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. Jacob Thompson.
Mr. DODGE and Mr. G. W. JONES briefly
sustained it.
After a brief explanation by Mr. THOMAS
SMITH,
The question was about to be taken on the
amendment of Mr. Thompson, when he with-
drew it.
