1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
927
The amendment of Mr. Vbtok was agreed to;
And the amendment of Mr. Hunt was asreed to
ouf~ "7 G- 8. HOUSTOnTo *£&
fin section, was rejected.
MrC M°??TdOTCw0A\TAins under cons^eration}
Mr. McCLERNAND moved to amend it by
striking out the first proviso.
TTOfter j f?3^rds from Messrs. M. L. MAR-
TIN and DODGE, the question was taken, and
the amendment -was agreed to.
Mr. McCLERNAND offered the following as a
proviso to the second section :
comS™1?' Th?t ?ve lands herc,'y granted shall not be
convoked or disposed of by said Territo™, nor by any State
hil? mnrlOU^ 1 the >a",c' as «mJro™4,e,,S
2^. >Pr 2?, i as soon as a section or mile, or any
f .mfipfl ?h °£,eucil work> slm11 be completed, and duly
SSlm t L !£ ®°vor,1°r «> said Territory or State to the
iVi« mii ^ r United (states, the said Teiritory or State.
oVtL mor!1- ■= P°Se,° ait|l'ant'lyofsaid land> 011 rach *"le
to e ?i 00mPlete? a"d certified as atiiesakl, equal
urc!"reZS."nn ! li ' ""2 SO m tml° 10 t,mC' aS tlle W0lk
comm'i sa"? fiert^Mtes are made, until sa,d work ,«
completed. Provide!, Said lands shall be used for the pur-
pose mentioned in tins aet, and no other. P
After a Few words by Mr. COLLAMER,
Ihe committee rose and reported.
rrArmotion was submiit^ (by Mi*. M. L. MAR-
•l IN, the reporter thinks) to meet at ten o'clock
to-morrow.
No quorum voted,
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, June 5, 184C.
Mr. WEBSTER presented a memorial from
Henry Stevens, .asking Congress to adopt meas-
ures for supplying thelibrary of the British Mu-
seum, at London, with copiesof nil the public (Joc-
uments and state papers, which have been or may
hereafter be printed by Congress; which was refer-
red to the Committee on the Library.
Mr. DIX presented the memorial of George Cat-
lin, asking Congress to purchase his collection of
Indian portraits and curiosities; which was ordered
to be printed, and referred to the Committee on the
Library.
Mr. McDUFFIE submitted the following reso-
lution; which lies over:
lirsulved, That the Commissioner of the General
Land Office furnish to the Senate the number of
acres contained in the two upper tracts of the Hou-
mas' land claim, numbered in the transcript of de-
cisions, No. 127 and as laid before the board
of commissioners and confirmed; and also the num-
ber of acres of said grant included in the patents
issued the 12th of August, 1844; and the number
of acres included in the decision of the board of
commissioners under the survey ordered by Gov-
ernor Claiborne, and excluded in the patents issued
as aforesaid, and the situation of the lands so ex-
cluded; also the number of patents issued upon said
claim by the Land Office within the limits patented
on the 12th of August, 1844, as aforesaid; and the
number of acres claimed under the patents pre-
viously issued; and also the number of the said
patents which have been surrendered to the Gen-
eral Land Office by the parties holding llie same,
and the amount of purchase money refunded there-
on. The number of applications by persons hold-
ing floats within the limits embraced in the patents
of that date, to the Laod Office, since the 12th of
August, 1844, to have those iloaU patented by the
Government up to this date, with a copy of each
application; and also the number of applications
which have been made for a refunding of purchase
money; and also what amount of purchase money
has been refunded upon entries made within the
limits of the Houmas' land claim since the issuing
of the patents on the 12th of August, 1844, and the
number of acres upon which the purchase money
has been refunded.
Mr. YULEli submitted the following resolu-
tion;
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be directed to inquire into the expediency of pro-
viding by law for the grant of alternate sections of
the public lands along the line of all public improve-
ments which may be constructed by a State of the
Union within which the public lands are situated;
and also a similar grant along the line of rivers, the
navigation of which may require improvement.
The VlCii PRESIDENT was about to put the
question for the adoption of the lesolution, when—
Mr. WEBSTER said there was a rule that all
resolutions should lie over one day, the object of
which was that an opportunity might be afforded
to every Senator of seeing and understanding what
the resolutions were. He was as willing as any
one, in cases of emergency, to dispense with the
rule, but he really thought they were getting too
much in the habit of adopting resolutions by a sys-
tem of unanimous consent, which had a tendency
to abrogate all rules. Hereafter, unless in cases
of emergency, he should adhere to the rule as the
best and safest mode of proceeding.
The resolution, being objected to, lies over.
Mr. FAIRFIELD, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
Samuel R. Reed, asked that said committee he
discharged from its further consideration, and that
it be referred to the Committee on Pensions; which
was agreed to.
Mr. DICKINSON, from the Committee of
Claims, to whom was referred the House bill for
the relief of John R. Williams, repoited it without
amendment.
Mr. N1LES, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported without amend-
ment the (House) joint resolution for the relief of
Seth M. Leavenworth.
On motion of Mr. ASHLEY, the Senate took
up the bill to establish a permanent general pre-
emption system in favor of actual settlers upon the
public lands; when its further consideration was
postponed until Monday next, for winch day it
was made the special order.
I-NTJSRNAL IMPROVEMENTS,
On motion of Mr. SPEIGHT, the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill granting alter-
nate sections ot tile public lands for the improve-
ment of Pearl river.
No further amendments being offered, the ques-
tion was announced upon ordering the bill to ho
engrossed for a third reading. The yeas and nays
being ordered, were taken, and resulted as fol-
lows:
^ VHAS—Mews. Ashley, Atchison, Bnirmv, Brcesc, Cass
Uuilmcr*, J. M. Clayton, (Jorwiu, (Jroi'iie, Una-ton, John
Mill of M,ir>hind, Jolnis-on ol Lomsuiw, MOH'i, Morelieml,
Husk, Sra.'i, Simmons, ripi ijrlit, Stiil^on, We!j..toi, anil
Wr-Il'olt --•?!.
NAVei—jfes-srs. Alherlon, Jt.mfiy, liernen, l!ri;lit, Tlios.
(llavton, <.'olc|inti, ln< kin-oii, t'.nrlielil, ll.ij wood, .l.-nnci
McOnllie, iVI.di^um, Miles, I'ciinj b,u-k«.r, and   \~15.'
So tile bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
[Several messages in writing were received from
the President of the United States.]
A message from the President of the United
States, communicating;, in compliancc with a reso-
lution of the Senate, information on the subject of
thc^ treaties concluded between the late Republic,
of Texas and the Governments of Franco and
Great llritain, was read; and,
On motion of Mr. WEBSTER, ordered to be
printed.
ItETROCESSION 01? ALEXANDRIA.
Mr. PENNYBACKER rose for the purpose of
inquiringof the chairman oi' the Committee for the.
District of Columbia, when that committee might
be expected to report to the Senate in relation to
the House bill for the retrocession of the county
J ^ 1 .1 ... . 1 A J 1. O 1 - 1 IT * \ "
of Alexandria to the State of Vir.
Mr. HAYWOOD replied, that he was unable
to answer the question of the honorable gentleman
from Virginia, further than to state that the com-
mittee were engaged in the consideration of the
subject, and very busy in hearing speeches there-
on. He supposed, however, that the bill might
be reported during the coming week.
CALL FOR TROOPS BY GENERAL GAINES.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the fol-
submitted yesterday by Mr.
resolution,
lowtn
CASS
Ilesofocd, That Ihe President be requested to in-
form the Senate whether any officer of the army,
during the past or present year, has called volun-
teers or militia, into the service of the United States,
without legal authority therefor; and if so, what
is the number of said force, how it lias been
organized, and whether officers of the line or
staff have been appointed contrary to law; and
whether such calls, if made, were necessary, anil
the probable amount they will cost; and whether
any advantages have resulted, or aie likely to le-
sult therefrom; and, also, what measures the De-
partment of War adopted for the defence of the
southern frontier of the United States, during the
same period.
Mr. CASS rose and said, that when this resolu-
tion was up yesterday, the honorable Senator
from South Carolina had asked him a question,
which he would answer now. Before he did so,
however, he would state, that the action of the
other House yesterday had in some measure obvi-
ated the difficulty, which it was the object of this
resolution to bring before the Senate. The House
had introduced a provision into the law, prohibit-
ing the calling of any militia or volunteers, unless
the officer sent to the Governor of the State, on
whom the requisition was made, a copy of the or-
ders of the Executive of the United Suites. He
(Mr. C.) would take occasion to repeat that his ob-
ject was not to cast censure upon any one. He did
not contemplate a military inquiry at all.. It was
a civil inquiry. For General Gaines himself, he
entertained lngh respect. lie was an honorable,
brave, and patriotic man. He had rendered emi-
nent services to his country. He (Mr. C.) did not
call in question his motives. But he regarded this
case as one which demanded the attention of Con-
gress, in order that suitable provision might be
made to prevent its recurrence. The Senator from
South Carolina [Mr. Calhoun] had inquired
whether the War Department had informed Gen-
eral Gaines that General Taylor had been autho-
rized to make a requisition for militia? They had.
lie (Mr. C.) would read the official communica-
tion. It was as follows:
" War Department,
" Washington, August 23, 1845.
"Sir: Enclosed herewith, you will rcceive a copy of 111
Rfruettons winch have been issued fioin tins department to
I>i ijrruiicr General Taylor, to whom the Government of the
United tfrati^ lias aligned the command of the army of oc-
cupation in Tox.w. WM. h. MARCY.
"Major General Gaines."
Ertrad from a letter of the Department of War to Major
General Giimcs, ihdril, Ifrir Uepai twenty August SiH, 1843.
"A state of things which might render it'pindcnt and
proper for General Taylor to draw an auxihaiy foicc from
some of the United States, as well as fioin Texas, has been
contemplated by thu President as a possible contingency,
and by Ins directions, m^trwtioiH upon tint subject havo
been bent to General Taylor, a copy of wlueh was also for-
warded to jo  on the&jth wmnt."
In the collection of documents relative to the
relations of the United Slates with Mexico with
which the Executive had furnished the Senate,
would be found the otdcrs to General Taylor au-
thorizing him to call upon the Governors of the
States? of Louisiana, &c. A copy of that order
had been sent to General Gaines. He (Mr. C.)
ai^uit disavowed most emphatically all intention of
reflecting censure on General Gaines. He would
vote cheerfully for every dollar necessary to defray
the expenses which had been incurred. But his
object was to prevent, ibr the future, the occur-
rence of such a state of things. He would detain
the Senate only a few moments longer. He had
before him the memorandum to which he alluded
yesterday. It had been laid before the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means of the House, and
was, he supposed, the fonndnlion of the provision
which that body had introduced into the Unv. The
Senate would observe that the requisitions of Gen-
eral Games included a force of twelve thousand
men. I he present case was not fully met bv the
action of the other House. Acting with the best
intentions in the world, as he (Mr."C.) was confi-
dent, General Gaines had done what had never
been before attempted under this Government—he
had called for a force of twelve thousand men with-
out any authority.
Mr. WEBSTER wished the Senator to read the
letter from the department to the Governor of the
States 011 whom the requisition was made for
troops.
Mr. CASS. The letters are amongst the docu-
ments; but I Will read if you wish.
too k>n^VEGSTEE" " y°U l3leal3e: lf « be not
Mr. CASS then read the letter to the Governor
of Louisiana, making the requisition for militia.
GeneraPGats: ^ f°'!oWinS ^ issucd by
Headquarters, Western Division,
JSTcw Orleans, Mav 520.1P4R
States, tor a term of s,v mo,.tl,s> ulli«.S8 d,4nS
he designated "Car t!"S 01ty' or wliateve. othor place may
