982
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
This information it was necessary fur them to have.
Were they to sit there and not to know how many
troops they were to pay for, and by what authority
they were called out? Were they not to know
whether the laws had been violated, that they
raiffht provide a remedy to guard against their vio-
lation hereafter? He would vote for the resolution
and the proposed amendment. Let all the cone-
spondence of General Scott with the department,
with everything about his public conduct, be pub-
lislied, whether it bo for his weal or for his wo.
Let it come. Let it all come. He felt confident
that nothing would bo found to impeach his honor
as an officer, or to tarnish liis patriotic character
as a citizen.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Mary land, said that the dif-
ference between the Senator from Kentucky and
himself was rather verbal than substantial. The
Senator had acknowledged that necessity might
justify the conduct of General Gaines.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I said necessity might
palliate or be a mitigation of his conduct.
Mr. JOHNSON. Well, necessity might palliate.
Mr. CHITTENDEN (from his scat.) What
you called a necessity.
Mr. JOHNSON said that the idea of the Senator
from Kentucky about the difference between his
position and that of the Senator from Kentucky
was like the difference long since excluded from
courts of law, about the difference between justi-
fiable and excusable homicide.
The Senator from Virginia [Mr. Archer] had
said something about him (Mr. J.) being prostrated
beneath his feet 
Several Senators interposing—"Oh ! no'"
Mr. JOHNSON. Well, then, I shall say no
more.
Mr. CALHOUN then rose and said, that the
responsibility of General Gaines was, in the first
instance, to the President of the United States. If
he had violated the law and Constitution, and the
orders of the Government, the President had ample
powers to enforce them. They had been informed
by the Senator from Michigan that General Games
had been ordered to repair to the seat of Go\em-
inent. It was, therefore, to be inferred that it was
the intention of the President to enforce that re-
sponsibility. In the first place, he (Mr. _C.) pre-
sumed they would hear what Geneval Gaines had
got to say. If his statement amounted to what
might be called an apology or excuse, very well.
If not, it would then be for the President to deter-
mine how he would enforce the responsibility de-
volving upon that officer. Now, he submitted to
Senators on all sides, was it right for them, in this
state of the case, to interfere at all? When they
talked of General Gaines, or the President, doing
his duty, was it not proper that on their own part
they should take curc tliat they discharged their
duty ? Was it right towards General Gaines—was
it right towards the President of' the, United States
—to act in the manner proposed ? They said it was
■not their intention to censure General Gaines; but
lie was very greatly mistaken if, in the circum-
stances of this case, the passage of this resolution
-would not be considered a prejudgment of the ease
and censure of the General. Certainly, if he (Mr.
C.) were in his condition, he would so consider it,
and he thought, upon deliberation, there was not a
Senator in that body who would not entertain the
same opinion. It was taking the mutter out of the
President's hands. They talked about passing a
law. What? Did they remedy breaches of the
Constitution and law by passing new laws? No!
that was always the resort of extreme weakness.
It was by enforcing law that law was preserved.
He had pursued this case as far as was necessary
to the attainment of the object he had in view.
His own opinion was that the Senate would act
more in accordance with its dignity if it paused—
if it awaited for further developments, till the whole
case was brought before them. It might turnout
that there was a double responsibility—first, of the
President to the country, and then the responsibil-
ity both of the President and of General Gaines to
Congress. lie believed that the Senate, after so
long a debate, had so fully made up its mind that
the motion he thought of making could hardly be
received with any prospect of success; still he
would take what he believed to be the only proper
course—he would move to lay the whole subject
on the table.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON hoped the resolution, as
amended, would be adopted. It was due to both
officers that the investigation should be had. After
ail that had been said m debate here to-day, and
after what had already appeared in the newspapers
of the day, it was but justice to both officers that
the whole facts should be published to the world.
He agreed with other Senators, that the Senator
from Michigan deserved the thanks of the Senate
for bringing 111 this resolution; and if the facts turn-
ed out as he (Mr. Clayton) expected, he would
deserve the thanks of General Gaines himself. But
he regretted that the Senator from Arkansas, while
defending General Gaines, had found it necessary
to attack another brave soldier.
Mr. SEVIER explained, that he had not attacked
General Scott. He had made no charges against
him. He had distinctly stated that he had only
heard of the existence of some letters.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON was glad to hear the
Senator's disclaimer. But he had understood the
Senator from Arkansas to make some insinuations
against General Scott in the early part of the de-
bate, and that he had drawn some comparisons be-
tween General Gaines and General Scott.
Mr. SEVIEII. I retract that also.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON rejoiced to hear that dis-
claimer also. It docs the Senator from Arkansas
honor. He thought the publication of the corre-
spondence would vindicate the character of both
1 Generals. No man would rejoice more sincerely
than lie would nt the complete vindication of Gen-
eral Gaines. He had intended to reply to the in-
sinuation made against General Scott, but there
was now no charge made against him. He would
not defend what had not been attacked. This, how-
ever, he would say, that when the correspondence
with General Scott was published, lie would need
no defence. He w ould stand vindicated before the
country and the world as a biave soldier and a true
patriot. The facts would vindicate him from the
vile calumnies winch some of the newspapers had
tried to circulate against him. Wherever those
calumnies had gone, he hoped this correspondence
would follow them, and he doubted not that his
fame and character would be amply vindicated.
Mr. ALLiiN thought that after the discussion
licie to-duy, it was necessary to have the corre-
spondence published. The character of both Gen-
erals demanded it. [Cries of " Agreed."]
The yeas and nays were then ordered on Mr.
Calhoun's motion to lay on the table, and resulted
yeas 11, nays .'16, as follows:
VAteliisoa, t'.if "sr. Calhoun, Olmlincrs,
.lo|jn-nn ol Mai)hint, johnson ot Louisiana, Manguni,
, VYV^teoit, and Yulei—U.
,\'A^ r --jMi'-i i>. Allen, AI e her, A - lilny, Atherton, liagby,
Jiuirow, lit'incn, Blmiit, (At:Thomas Chijton, John M.
Chu Ion, Couvin, (JiiiLcmli'ii, Uavis, Dickinson, XJik, Fan-
ftehl, Givt'ne, HnywooJ, Houston, JImitnii:toii, Jaimiuin,
Jcmioss, Lchh, Ale I.luiih", -Miiier, Morehead, Nites, Peat on,
Ponnjb.-iekcr, Speight, Sturgeon, Turney, Upimm, Web.Aer,
anil Woodlnidyr—-Ai.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, then offered the
following amendment:
Resolved, farther, That the President be request-
ed to furnish the Senate with copics of the corre-
spondence between General Kdmund P. Gaines and
the Government from the first of June, A. IX 1845,
to the present time, upon the subject of volunteers
or militia ordered to the frontiers of Texas.
Mr. SEVIER'S amendment was then put and
carried.
Mr. JOHNSON'S amendment was also put and
carried.
The question on the adoption of the resolution
| as amended was then put and earned.
And the Senate, at five o'clock, adjourned till to-
morrow at twelve o'clock.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, June o, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday (having been read in
part only) was approved.
Mr. DODGE moved that the House resolve it-
self into Committee of the Whole on the State of
the Union, with a view to resume the considera-
tion of hills relating to the Territories.
Mr. HOGE suggested to Mr. Dodge to with-
draw his motion, so as to allow final action to be
taken on such Territorial hills on the Speaker's
table as had heretofore been reported from the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. DODGE said he had eveiy disposition to
oblige the gentleman, but he could not withdraw
the motion.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. DANIEL moved that the consideration of
Territorial business be postponed until Monday
next for the purpose of enabling the House to take
up the private calendar.
Mr. BRIN KERHOFF a&ked the yeas and naysSr
which were ordered; and, being taken,resulted as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John Quincy Adams, Anderson,
Ashmun, Barrxnger, BJaek, Blanehard, Botvlin, Buf-
fington, John H. Campbell, J. <?. Chapman, Clarke, Cocke,
Cranston, Croxicr, Culver, Daniel, Barragh, Garrett Davis,
T>ockery, Dimlap, BIlMvortb, Erdman, John H. Ewing, Fool,
Gentry, Giddmg-;, Gih*s, Gordon, Oral/am, Grider, Grinnel),
ILunhn, Ilampton, Harper, He!rick, Hilhard, E. B. Holmes,
Isaac 13. Holmes, Mamuvl D. Hubbard, Hudson, Joseph R.
Insersolt, Jenkins, Kaufman, Daniel P. King, Leib, Lewis,.
Ligon, Long, Maelay, McCJetlaud, MeGaughey, Mosoley,.
Niven, Pollock. Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Root,
Hunk, SawtelJe, Tiuman Smith, Albeit Smith, Stephens,
Stewart, Sykes, Tlrihodeaux, Thomasson, James Thomp-
son, Tilden, Toombs, Trumbo, Vance. Vinton, Wentworth,
Wheaton, Williams, Wmthrop, Wood, Wright, and Yost
—80.
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Atkinson, Bedinger,
Bell, J. A. Black, Boyd, Brinkerhoff, Brockenhrough, Wm.
Of. Brown, Burr, Cntheail, Reuben Chapman, Chase, Colla-
mer, Cullom, Cummins, Cunningham, J)argan, Jefferson
Davis, Dillingham, Edwin If. Ewmg, Faran, Ficklin, Fries,.
Gaivin, Haralson, Henley, Hoge, George S. Houston, James
B. Hunt, IJuntei, Charles J. Iugersoll, George W'. Jones,
Preston King, Thomas Butler King, Leake, MeClean, Me-
Clernand, Joseph J. McDowell, McKav, Marsh, John P.
Martin, Barkley Martin, Moulton, Norris, Owen, Payne.
Pen ill, Phelps, Reid, Hitter, Sawyer, Scamraon, Leonard
H. Sims, Robert Smith, Stanton, Starkweather, Strohm,
Tihbntts, Tredway, Wick, and Woodward—6*2.
So the House proceeded to the consideration of
the private calendar.
Mr. HARALSON submitted a motion that the
vacancy occasioned on the Committee on Military
AlFairs by the absence of Mr. Yell, of Arkan-
sas—who has left the House to enter upon more
active service in the Mexican war—be supplied.
Mr. II. said lie could not speak with the same
certainty as to Mr. Baker, of Illinois* though it
was understood that that gentleman also had left
with a similar object. He (Mr. H.) trusted some
member who knew what the intention of the gen-
tleman from Illinois was, would state the fact.
Mr. DANIEL was understood to 2-efer to a re-
ccnt decision of the Speaker, that such a motion
must come from the member himself.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON suggested that that was
a case in which the member was himself present.
Mr. BRODHEAD said that members were pre-
sumed to be present until the House was officially*
notified that vacancies had occurred. Suppose all
the members were to nbsent themselves? In his
judgment, they ought to serve the country at such
post as had been assigned to them.
Mr. HARALSON withdrew his motion for the
present.
On motion of Mr. DANIEL, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole, (Mr.
Boyd, of Kentucky, in the chair,) and proceeded
to the consideration of the private calendar.
When this calendar was last under considera-
tionrthe committee rose for want of a quorum.
On motion of Mr. DANIEL, the committee re-
sumed the consideration of the calendar at that
point at which it had arrived when its deliberations
were last arrested.
And, under the limitations of the following
rule—
"On the first and fourth Friday of each month,
* the calendar of private bills shall be called over,
' and the bills, to the, passage of which jio objec-
{tion shall then be made, shall l>e first considered
< and disposed of.99
After some time, a number of bills to which ob-
jection was made, having been laid aside, the com-
mittee rose, and reported to the House bills of the
following titles:
The joint resolution for the relief of Sellers &
Pennock;
The bill for the relief of Abraham I-Ioorback;
The bill for the relief of the heirs and repre-
sentatives of Cyrus Turner;
The bill for the relief of G-ad Humphreys and
George Centre;
The bill for the relief of Daniel H. Warren;
The bill for the relief of Peter Rife;
The bill for the relief of George Roush;
The bill for the relief of Patrick Kelly, sen.;
The bill for the relief of William B. Ligon;
The bill for the relief of the heirs and repre-
sentatives of Thomas Kelly;. . .
