1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
©33
The bill for the relief ©f Eli Merrill, (a land
claim;)
The bill for the relief of Bbenezer Conant;
The bill for the relief of Captain John Patten;
The bill for the relief of Solomon Russell;
The bill for the relief of James Gee;
The bill for the relief of Lewis Hastings;
The bill granting a pension to William Pooler;
The bill granting a pension to Gideon A. Perry;
The bill for a grant of land to William Moss ;
The bill for the relief of Richard Hargrove Lee;
The bill for the relief of the representatives of
George Duvall, a Cherokee Indian;
The bill granting a pension to Margaret Gwyn-
nup;
The bill granting a pension to Leah Gray;
The bill granting a pension to Mary Campbell,
widow of John;
The bill granting a pension to Lewis Laing;
The bill granting a pension to William Gump;
The bill to pay John Can*, John Butty, and fc>.
Stcvensen, seamen 011 board the whale ship Mar-
garet, for their attendance at court as witnesses 011
behalf of the United States;
The bill for the relief of John McAlister;
The bill confirming f he land claim of James J our-
ney;
The bill confirming the land claim of Jose Car-
xillo;
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Thomas Murray, jr.;
The bill granting a pension to Jonathan Brown;
The bill granting a pension to Patrick Master-
son;
The bill granting a pension to Elizabeth Bctts,
of New York;
The bill granting a pension to Mary Phelps, of
Genesee, New York;
The bill granting a pension to Mary Scgar, of
New York;
The bill granting a pension to Catharine Fulton,
of Pennsylvania;
The bill granting a pension to Polly Damron, of
Georgia;
The bill granting a pension to Surranus Cobb;
The bill granting a pension to Justin Jacobs;
The bill granting a pension tn Daniel Pratt;
The bill granting a pension to John Campbell,
of Maine;
The bill granting a pension to Joseph Dusscau;
The bill granting a pension to Abraham Ausmen;
The bill granting a pension to Griifin Kelly;
The bill granting a pension to Benjamin Allen;
The bill granting a pension to Aquilla Good win;
The bill for the relief of the administrator of
John Cox, deceased, late of the navy;
The bill for a grant of land to the heirs and rep-
resentatives of Richard C. Anderson, deceased;
The bill for a grant of land to John Milstead, of
Florida;
The bill for a grant of land to the heirs and rep-
resentatives of John Ruddle;
The bill for the relief of Joseph Curwcn, sur-
viving partner of Willing &■ Curwcn.
The oill for the relief of the owneis of the ship
Herald of Baltimore;
The bill for the relief of William B. Lang;
The bill to refund duties to David Thomas, of
Philadelphia;
The bill for the relief of Joshua F. Richards.
A motion was here made that the committee rise
and report the bills which had been acted on, to-
gether with those ordered to be reported 011 the22d
May, when the Iiouse was last in Committee of
the Whole on private bills.
And, after several counts, on which a quorum
did not vote, the count was taken by tellers, and
carried—Ayes 68, noes 49.
So the committee rose and reported the bills. ■
The bill and joint resolution, the title of which i
follows, were also reported from the Committee of I
the Whole House, with a recommendation that j
they do not pass, viz.
The bill granting a pension to William Beard.
The joint resolution for the relief of John B.
Donton'and Curtis Humphreys, mail contractors.
When the bill granting a pension to Major James
P. II. Porter came up in regular order, it was
stated to the committee that Major Porter had died
since the bill had been reported by the Committee
on Invalid Pensions. It was then ordered to be re-
ported to the House to be there disposed of.
The bill for the relief of Captain John B. Cro-
zicr's company of mounted Tennessee volunteers,
was also reported, with a view of recommitting it
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
During the session of the committee, upon the
reading of a bill, it would be objected to, and other
bills would be taken up and passed upon, when the
member making the objection would rise and with-
draw it, and the bill would then be laid aside to be
reported to the House. After the occurrence of
several such cases—
Mr. McCLELLAND raised, as a question, that
it was not in order, after a bill was objected to and
passed over, and other bills had been* acted on, to
return to it and withdraw the objection.
The Clerk informed the Chairman that a week
or two ago, the same question had been raised,
and that, in that case, the Chairman had decided,
that, if objection was withdrawn, it was in order
to go hack and act upon the bill, and place it with !
those to be reported to the House. That this de-
cision had been appealed from, and that the decision
of the Chair had been sustained by a vote of the
committee; and the Clerk icad the proceeding from
his minutes. \
Mr. PRESTON KING said he was not satisfied j
with that decision, and foi the purpose of endeav- j
oring to reverse it, he would call upon the Chair- j
man, in the present instance, to decide the question '
raised by Mr. McCj.ki land. j
Tiie CHAIRMAN s.ud he had no objection to
decide the question; and he would now rule in favor
of the point taken by Mr. McClellano, and
against the decision of the committee 011 the occa-
sion referred to and read by the Cleric.
From this no appeal was taken; and so now it
will not be in older to turn hack 10 a bill, if the j
objection be witluhawn, until this decision is ic-
versed.
Several bills having been read and objected to in
committee—
Mr. CULVER said he rose to a question of .
order. lie had understood that it had been deci- !
ded in u meeting-or caucus of the Demociatic mem-
bers of the llouse that no more private bills should
be passed upon at the present session. He in-
quired if such was the tact, as ho wished the com-
mittee to hu ojlicially inl'oimcd of it ; so that, if
tiue, the House miji'ht turn its attention to other
matters, against which the ban of tiio parly had not
been placed.
The CHAIR said it was no question of order,
and it was not for him to answer the inquiry.
During the day eighty-one bills, after having
been read, with the reports and papers on which
they were founded, were objected to, and were not
further acted on.
Immediately after the rising of the committee—
Mr. RAT11BUN moved an adjournment. It
was lost—ayes 35, noes 67—though a quorum did
not vote.
Several mcniborswerodissatisfted with thecount;
and the question was again taken, and there were,
ayes 23, noes 81. Again rejected. Still no quo-
rum.
Mr. DANIEL moved a call of the House. Re-
jected—ayes 23, noes oii. IVo quorum.
Mr. TlLDKN moved an adjournment; and the
yeas and nays being ordered, he withdrew it.
Mr. McGAUGUEY renewed it; and the yeas
and nays being taken, it was rejected—yeas 46,
nays 92. A large quorum.
Air. SAWTELLE moved a call of the House.
Negatived.
Mr. GILES moved that the House ngain resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole kon private
bills.
Voiccs from all sides of the House: " No, no.
Let us dispose of the bills already reported from
the committee.'" 1
The motion was not pressed, and no question
was put.
Two of the bills reported from the committee
were then taken up for a third reading and pas-
sage; and, after some difficulty as to the right of
now objecting, under the rule, to their passage,
and without coming to any decision thereon,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, June 6,1846.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, announcing that said House had pass-
ed the Senate bill for the relief of George Duvall, a
Cherokee Indian.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of Jesse
Houen, guardian of Artemas Conant, a soldier in
the last war with Great Britain, asking a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr, D. also presented the petition of David Sears
and others, of Boston, asking the erection of a light-
house on Mmot's Ledge, at the entrance to Boston
harbor; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. D. further presented a similar petition from
citizens of Boston; which was referred to the same
committee.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented the petition of
merchants of Pittsburg, Wheeling, Cincinnati, and
Louisville, praying that the said cities may be made
ports of entry; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Mr. ATCHISON presented the petition of citi-
zens of Missouri, residing within the Fayette and
Palmyra land districts, praying that those districts
may not be consolidated; which was laid on the
table,
Mr. DIX presented the petition of Thomas Hunt
& Co.,Charles L, Roberts, and Wright&. Sturgis,
of New York, praying that certain duties illegally
exacted by the collector for the port of New York
may be refunded; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. PENNYBACKER, from the Committee of
Claims, submitted an adverse report upon the pe-
tition of William B. Foster; which was ordered to
be printed,
INTERNAL IMPROVEMENTS.
The " hill Appropriating alternate sections of the
public lands for the improvement of Pearl river"
was read a third time.
Mr. NILES called for the yeas and nays upon
the passn&c of the bill; and they were ordeied.
Mr. SPEIGHT submitted a few remarks in sup-
port of the bill, in the course of which he express-
ed much surprise at the opposition of the Senator
from Connecticut.
After some remarks in reply, by Senators NILES
and BAG BY, who opposed the bill, the question
was taken, and resulted—yeas 23, nays 18, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ashley, Atchison, Barrow, Brcese, Cass,
Chaliiiuin, John M. Clayton, Cor win, Crittenden, Greene,
Houston, Jarnasnn, Johnson of Maryland, Johnson of Lou-
isiana, Miller, Morehead, Rusk, Sevier, Simmons, Speight,
Smrifeon, Westcott, and Wootibridge—33.
NAYS—Moswh. Athcrton, Bagby, Berrien, Bright, Thos.
CJaj ton, Colquitt, Dickinson, Dix, Fairfield, Haywood, Jen-
no^, Lewis, McDuffie, Manffum, Niles, Pearce, Penny-
liuckur, Turney, aud Yulee—18.
So the hill was passed, and the title, as above,
was agreed to.
GRANTS OF LAND IN LOUISIANA.
The " joint resolution in relation to issuing of
grants of certain lands in Louisiana" was taken
up for a third rending; but—
On motion of Mr. BERRIEN, (Mr. Johnson,
of Louisiana, opposing,) its further consideration
was postponed until Tuesday next, in order to al-
low time for the information required by a resolu-
tion submitted by Mr. McDuffie.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr. McDuffie, was then considered, and
agreed to.
liesolred, That the Commissioner of the General
Land Office furnish to the Senate the number of
acres contained in the two upper tracts of the Hou-
mas land claim, numbered in the transcript of de-
cisions, Nos. 127 and 133, as laid before the board
of commissioners and confirmed; and also the num-
ber of acres of said grant included in the patents
issued the ]2th of August, 1844; and the number
of acres included in the decision of the board of
commissioners under the survey ordered by Gov-
ernor Claiborne, and excluded in the patents issued
as aforesaid, and the situation of the lands bo ex-
cluded; also the number of patents issued upon
said claim by the Land Office within the limits pat-
ented on the 12th of August, 1844, as aforesaid;
and the number of acres claimed under the patents
previously issued; and also the number of the said
patents which have been surrendered to the Gene-
ral Land Office by the parties holding the same,
and the amount of purchase money refunded there-
on. The number of applications by persons hold-
ing floats within the limits embraced in the patents
of that date, to the Land Office, since the 12th of
August, 1844, to have those floats patented by the
