938
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
[A message was received from the President of
the United States, sent m pursuance of aresolution
of the 5th instant, catling for the correspondence
between the Department of "War and General
Gaines, on the subject of calling out volunteers;
and also for the correspondence between General
Scott and the War Department, touching the com-
mand of the army on the Rio Grande. The mes-
sage and correspondence will appear in the Ap-
pendix.]
The message and documents were then, on mo-
tion, laid on the table and ordered to be printed for
the use of the Senate, with the exception of that
portion of the correspondence relating to the plan
of the campaign.
Mr. VIOUSTON submitted a resolution that
when the Senate meet hereafter, it will meet at the
hour of ten A. M.; which lies over.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, June 8, 1846.
The Journal of Saturday was read in part, and
its further reading was dispensed with.
Mr. THOMAS SMITH moved so to amend it,
as to state the fact, that on the motion of Mr. A.
,1 oiin-.un to suspend the rules for the purpose of
enabling him to oiler a resolution, fixing a clay for
the final adjournment of Congress, he (Mr. S.) had
voted m the affirmative, and not ill the negative, as
erroneously stated.
The Journal having been so amended, was ap-
proved.
The SPEAKER announced that he had appoint-
ed Mr. Ijoyo, of Kentucky, and Mr. Cauroll,
of New York, members of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, in the place of Messrs. Yell and
11A KKU.
Mr. BOYD said, that he was already a member
of two other committees; the Committee on Ter-
ritories, and the Committee on Roads and Canals.
It was scarcely possible for him to attend to the
duties of three committees, and he therefore asked
to be excused from further service, either on the
Committee on the Territories, or on the Commit-
-tee on Roads and Canals, in the discretion of the
Speaker.
The SPEAKER said, the gentleman would be
excused from further service on oneof the commit-
tees, and an appointment made accordingly.
The special order (the consideration of bills re-
lating to the Territories) having been postponed to
this day—
On motion of Mr. DOUGLASS, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. MoCi.eli.and, of Michi-
gan, in the chair,) on the said order.
"SVhen the committee last rose, it had under con-
sideration the bill to grant n certain quantity of land
to aid in the improvement of the Pox and Wiscon-
sin rivers, and to connect the same by acanal in the
Territory of Wisconsin; the question being on the
proviso heretofore offered by Mr. McClernanh to
the second section.
Mr. McCLERNAND rose to offer a substitute
for that proviso.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON rose to suggest to the
gentlemen having chaigc of this business, to pass
by this bill, and to take up others that weto press-
ing, and that ought to be passed. The Hill under
consideration would be resisted, and the time al-
loted to the special order be entirely consumed in
debate.
Mr. DOUGLASS said he was willing to accede
to the suggestion of the gentleman, ami to take up
the bill defining the boundai les of the Territory of
Iowa. So far as himself and the Delegate of the
Territory were concerned, he believed there would-
be no controversy on that bill.
So the bill in relation to the Fox and Wisconsin
rivers was laid aside for the present.
BOUNDARIES OF IOWA.
The committee proceeded to consider the "bill
to define the boundaries of the State of Iotoit, and
to repeal so much of the act of the 3d of March,
1845, as relates to the boundaries of Iowa."
The bill having been read through—
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Massachusetts, moved to
amend the first section of the bill by striking out
the words " forty-three degrees and thirty min-
utes," where they occur, and inserting in lieu there-
of, forty-two degrees.
Mr. RATHBUN objected to the consideration
of the bill in this committee; the bill was not strictly
a Territorial bill, and should not have been placed
on the Territorial calendar.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said that this bill was very
properly referred to this committee; it was a bill
fixing the boundaries of a Territoi'y, and therefore
strictly Territorial business.
The objection was not pressed.
Mr. ROCKW ELL, of Massachusetts, observed
that there was already a law passed at the.last ses-
sion, after considerable discussion, defining the
bounds of Iowa. The present bill was altogether
different in its provisions. It included a much
larger amount of territory, going to extend the
new State from the Mississippi to the Missouri
river. According to the bill now reported from
the Committee on the Territories, the State of
Iowa would include 53,470 square miles, its north-
ern boundary being the latitude of 43° 30'. Since
the passage of the former law, proceedings had
taken place m the Territory, which would be ex-
plained by the Delegate. It seemed that there did
exist some difference of opinion in the Territory
in regard to this question of boundary. From the
memorial now presented it seemed that a portion of
the population in the northern part of the Ten-itory
did not wish to be included within the line as laid
down in the bill, but would prefer having it estab-
lished on the parallel of 42°.
The amendment moved by Mr. R. was to that
effect, though he should be better pleased if the
present bill should not pass at all, and the law
passed at the last session should bo suffered to re-
main. Nothing would then be required but the
assent of the people of Iowa to make the Territory
into a State, and bring it into the Union. He
thought it would, with the existing boundaries, be
large enough to answer all useful purposes. It
would then have a territory amounting to 44,300
square miles. The State of New York contained
40,000; Pennsylvania 43,900; so that it would hold
an intermediate rank between the two. But the
present bill enlarged it to upwards of 53,000, and
extended the Slate across those highlands which,
it had been maintained, would constitute the best
'western boundary. .
Mr. R. did not wish to consume time in deba-
ting the bill. He had submitted these remarks
only because he was a member of the Committee
on the Territories, and he therefore felt it his duty
to express his views. lie should leave the bill
wholly to the management and decision of gentle-
men from the West, who felt a greater interest
than he did in its fate.
Mr. VINTON inquired how large an extent the
present bill would includc m the State?
Mr. ROCKWELL said 53,470 square miles.
Mr. DOUGLASS thought the gentleman was
mistaken in this statement. The Commissioner
of the General Land Office had stated it officially
at 50,915 square miles.
Mr. ROCKWELL said he had spoken from the
report of last year.
Mr. DOUGLASS said the Commissioner's re-
port had been made since. This subject was by-
no means new to the House. It had occasioned a
good deal of trouble at the last session. Mr. D.
had then hcen in favor of curtailing the dimensions
of the State; but he was now perfectly satisfied
that, whatever might have been the grounds in
favor of the boundary established last year, it
would be the very worst that could be agreed upon;
the most unnatural; the most inconvenient for the
State itself, and leaving the balance of the territory
in the worst shape for the formation of other new
States.
Mr. D. was fully satisfied that the Missouri
ought to he the western boundary of the new State.
It ought to extend from the one river to the other,
and if its limits suffered any curtailment, it ought
to bo on the north. The committee had already
curtailed the extent of the State, so that it was less
than the people had asked for, and less than their
Delegate had desired. They hail reduced it from
the boundaries agreed on last year by fifteen thou-
sand square miles; they had diminished the State
at the north, and extended it towards the west., so
that it should reach from the Mississippi to the
Missouri, and should reach on the north to the
parallel of 43° 30'.
There was another fact which ought not to be
forgotten. The people of Iowa by a very large
majority had rejected the boundary established by
the last Congress, on- the ground that it did not
afford them territory enough. They had since
then formed a new constitution; but on tie close
of the convention, and just before it adjourned,
they had come to a compromise, reconsidered their
vote, and adopted the constitution, inserting in it
the boundaries contained in the present bill: so
that, if the present bill should pass, the Territory
of Iowa would at once come in as a State of the
Union. But if Congress should determine to change
the boundary from that contained in the bill, the
people would be under the necessity of holding
another convention and adopting a new constitu-
tion, and thus the existing-disputes which had been
happily terminated would be renewed and perpet-
uated. He trusted no such course would be pur*
sued.
• He was aware that one meeting had been holden
in the town of Dubuque, in which a memorial had
been adopted recommending as a boundary the
parallel of 42°; and he was also aware of the influ-
ences which had produced that result. He intended
nothing disrespectful to the citizens of that respec-
table town. He could^not, for he had a thousand
reasons to be grateful to them: but he knew that
the people of Dubuque, however anxious they
might be for this line of 42°, were still more anx-
ious that Iowa should be enlarged, and that their
town should be made the eentre of the State; but
they were not willing to have the boundary come
close to them, so that they would be placed on the
frontier. They wished either for such an arrange-
ment as should cause Dubuque to be the largest
town in a little State, or else to make it the central
town of a large State. But, whatever might be
their particular wishes in the matter, Mr. D. wa3
certain that the people of Iowa, as a man, were
opposed to the line for which they petitioned, and
would prefer that laid down in the bill. Should
the bill pass in its present form, the new State
would not be a large one; it would contain butfifty
thousand square miles, which would make it less
than Illinois; ten thousand miles less than Michi-
gan; and almost twenty thousand less than Mis-
souri. He did not, therefore, consider the people
of Iowa as having been at all unreasonable in their
requests. The boundaries, as laid down in the
bill, were all natural boundaries; on one side, the
State would have the Mississippi,-on the other the
Missouri, and on the north the dividing ridge be-
tween the valley of the Des Moines river and the
St. Peter's. He could not imagine a more suitable
boundary in that direction, and he hoped the bill
would receive the assent of the committee.
Mr. RATHIIUN, though in favor of the gen-
eral objectof the bill, thought that its details ought
not to pass without examination. The new State
of Iowa, according to this bill, would contain be-
tween fifty and sixty thousand square miles. But
a small portion of this extent now contained any
people; it was not settled. Prom the greater part
of this vast extent no voice would for some time be
heard on that floor. The settlements -were chiefly
on the river, from whence they were gradually ex-
tending back into the country, but they had not yet
got there. The people were looking with a mis-
taken view only a,t the relative magnitude of the
State to its sister States, and seemed quite to over-
look what was much more important—convenience,
compactness, and adaptation to their own use.
Whatever might be the wish' o( those now inhab-
iting the comparatively small part ofthe State which
was as yet settled, it was the duty of Congress to
legislate with a view to .the future, and with regard
to the interest of the whole country. There were
now but about one hundred and twenty or two
hundred thousand people in the Territory, but give
the State the extent proposed in this bill, and the
same population to a square mile which was to be
found in Massachusetts and New York, and this
State of Iowa alone would contain more than three
millions of people; yes, more than four millions.
The State of New York, with an extent of forty-
four thousand square miles, a considerable portion
of which was broken and utterly worthless, con-
tained now nearly three millions of inhabitants;
but here was a Territory with a virgin soil of the
highest possible fertility, and scarcely any broken
or useless territory, and enjoying every possible
advantage for becoming a great and powerful com-
monwealth, and it was proposed to give her not
only as much soil as New York, but some twenty
thousand square miles more.
Mr. DOUGLASS here interposed to say that in
