940
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
June 8,
grounds, as a great question of national policy,
having respect to the partition of States between
the Mississippi river and the Pacific ocean. If, as
was expected by some gentlemen, we were about
extending the boundaries of the Union still further
than they reached at present, the question became
more and more important as the Union was en-
larged. The law of the last session had been
passed with great deliberation, and had been shaped
with a view to the best data then in possession of
the House. What was the objection to it? It
amounted to this, that the people of Iowa did not
want to have their boundary fixed as the law es-
tablished it. Now, the boundary as settled at, the
last session had resulted from the adoption of the
recommendations of M. Nicolet, an engineer of
great science and intelligence. That gentleman
had explored the whole of the West, and had made
a report in regard to the best mode of dividing the
vast territory between the Mississippi river and the
Rocky Mountains, and he had pointed out the
boundary of the future States according to the
natural features of the country. It was he who,
aller the investigation of the country in question,
had proposed the boundary which Cougress had
ad opted.
Mr. DOUGLASS. He never was theic.
Mr. VINTON. The gentleman from Illinois
said that Mr. Nioolet had never been there.
Mr. DOUGLASS. He only went up one river
and down the other.
Mr. VINTON could not say but that might be.
His report'ceitainly described very minutely and
correctly both the geological and geographical fea-
tures of the country, and the boundaries had been
laid down according to his map. It was now pro-
posed to allow to Iowa fifty-one thousand square
milesinstead of forty-three thousand. Why should
this be done ? Was not Pennsylvania a large and
mighty State ? "W as not Ohio a respectable mem-
ber of the Union? Why should Iowa have so
much more teirilury than either? II her soil were
barren, and the surface of her territory broken and
unfit for cultivation, it would be a different case,
for a desert was no better than a lake. But, in-
stead of that, her territory consisted of the richest
and most productive soil m the lenown world. If
the new State should be capable of sustaining' as
treat a population as that of JNew York or Penn-
sylvania, he thought it was sufficient, and that the
people ol* the territory might very well be content-
ed. The people of Iowa wanted diilcrent bound-
aries. That might be-, but when Con^rcas was
dividing the territory belonging to the Union, and
laying it out into Suites, it ought to consider what
the public and general policy oi the country re-
quiied, and what would be the influence of us ac-
tum, not merely 011 the new State to be created, but
011 all ihe States of the Confederacy. Air. V. was
disposed to pay a proper degree ol respect to the
wishes and convenience of Use people of Iowa, but
lie utterly denied that their will was to be the par-
amount law that must ^o\em Congress in its
action. The people of that Territory had gone to
work in a way that had not been usual hcrctofoie.
Instead of leaving it to the other members of the
Confederacy in what wav they chose to partition
out their own territory, this handiul ot people in a
Territory laid out for themselves a State ot inor-
dinate dimensions, and of such a form and extent
as would destroy the symmetry and due propor-
tion of other States to be ueated m their immedi-
ate vieimty. Mr. Y. thought that if they had a
State assigned fhem, with suitable boundaues,
equal in extent and superior ia _ fertility to Idin-
sylvania or New York, it was tjUtte enough, ihey
would leave room for two other good States on the
Mississippi and Missouri; but if the present bill
should prevail, there could be but one more State
formed between those rivers. _
Mr. V. admitted that the boundaries proposed
by the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. I*-00'1"
well] would leave the State too small. He should
propose before he took his seat to amend the pies-
ent bill by striking out the woitls 30 , after
words 43°, so as to leave the 43d parallel as the
northern boundary of the State, This would then
leave a State of the same class m point of size with
New York, Pennsylvania, and Ohio. He hau no
objections that the State should run from liver to
river with 43° for a boundary; there would be
room for two good States above it.
One principle had been asserted to which Mr.
V. could not subscribe. The gentleman from JN e w
York had represented this as a question between
the Northern and Southern States. Mr. V. wholly
disclaimed any such view. The question had
been put on other grounds in the last Congress.
It so happened that a majority of the States of the
Union was found at present on the Atlantic sea-
board, while on the other hand the entire valley
watered by the Mississippi and its tributaries con-
stituted by nature one continuous and connected
system, whose great interests never could be dis-
severed. This vast and fertile valley was occu-
pied by some States in which slavery existed, and
by others wheie it did not; but, notwi&standing
the distinction, they were inseparably linked and
bound together by the hand of nature herself.
Their prosperity was mutually dependant upon
each other: Ohio was bound to Louisiana, Mis-
souri was bound to Iowa, and all the States lying
between were connected together in the same man-
nei. The valley would, ill process of time, con-
tain two-thiiils of the population of the Union, and
by making these new Western States veiy large,
Congress would be laying the foundation for fu-
ture empires beyond the mountains. To that it
must come at last.
Now, by giving these States such very large
boundaries, the result would bo this: that while
the vast majority of the population of the United
States would lie west of the mountains, the West-
ern Suites which contained them, owing to their
small numbers, would be in the minority in the
Senate, while tiiey would have a. vast majority ill
the other House. The country north of the Ohio, if
it should be restrained according to the ordinance
of ]?87, so as to contain no more than five States,
could have but ten voices ill the Senate, though it
was able to sustain fifty millions of people. Every
Western mail must perceive in a moment, whether
Western policy did or did not enjoin the enlarge-
ment of the new States. By making these States
so very large, gentlemen were obviously and inev-
itably dcstiuymg the ultimate power, weight, and
influence of the West in this Government. As a
Western man Mr. V. had always resisted this,
and always should resist it. He was perfectly
willing that Iowa should be a large State, and that
she should be in the same class with the greatest
States of the Union. But that was all which jus-
tice required; it was all that the West ought to
consent to, if, as wise men, they had any regard
to the relative power of the West in the Confed-
eracy. The decision on this very bill would alfect
eveiy man living beyond the mountains, and Jowa
herself was as deeply interested in the policy as
any other portion of the great West.
This with Mr. V. was a controlling considera-
tion. He believed that the great western valley
would be the conservative power of this Union.
Whoever on the Atlantic shore or whoever oil the
South might, from embittered feelings, be disposed
to disrupt the Union, the people of the valley
would not consent that it should be dissolved.
Having the great mass of the population and pow-
er of the Confederacy, they would never suffer
themselves to be divorced from the great commer-
cial marts, cither on the Atlantic or in the Gulf.
Whenever such an attempt should be made, the
entire mass of western States would present one
unbroken front. It was therefore a question be-
tween the East and the West, and not between the
free and the slave States. In this great question,
western Virginia and Mississippi and Louisiana
had the same interest with Ohio and Indiana and
Illinois, and all the States to be formed north of
them.
The links of this great western chain could nrver
be torn asunder. And yet this conservative power
j uf the Onion might bo rendered powerless, and all
j its strength frustrated, by depriving it of its own
I due representation in the Senate of the United
j States. Wherever the great mass of population
I existed, there the political power ought to exist.
It was on these principles that Mr. V. must ever
I be opposed to the formation of great and extensive
I States in the Mississippi valley. He thought we
I had carried this indulgence of the wishes of the
I Territories quite far enough. He saw no good
j reason for changing the law of the last session;
i but, if it must be changcd, let the boundary be
fixed at 43° north, and ill that shape he should
i cheerfully vote for the bill.
j Mr. DOUGLASS said that though he concurred
i entirely and most heartily in the able general views
! and principles which had just been expressed by
the gentleman from Ohio, he could not go with
him in the conclusion to which he came*. What
did the gentleman propbse? He would take off a
strip of territory about thirty miles wide from river
to river. In doing this he would prefer a natural
boundary. The line, as now proposed,'run on a
dividing ridge which turned the waters north and
south. It was a barren unproductive stretch of
country, unfit for cultivation except in the imme-
diate vicinity of the Mississippi; in proof of which
he might refer to the fact that when travelling this
part of the country the United States troops had
been obliged to carry wood for cooking their
victuals for forty miles on horseback. -
The difference, therefore, to either the State of
Iowa, or to the State north of it, whether the line
run thirty miles higher or lower, would be as noth-
ing; while, on the other hand, the adoption of this
amendment would compel the people of Iowa to
hold another convention, and agree to another con-
stitution, while in fact they would save nothing. If
it were not for this consideration, Mr. D. would be
perfectly indifferent as to the adoption or rejection
of the amendment.
Mr. DODGE (speaking under obvious excite-
ment) said that he should be reckless to the duty
he owed to a generous and confiding people did lie
not oppose the amendment which had now been
moved. The gentleman from Ohio had taken oc-
casion to repeat, in substance, the speech which he
had made at the last session. He had said that
this subject created great excitement in the House
at the last session, but the truth was, that, except
that produced by the gentleman's own speech,
there had been none at all. The bill came before
the House when the minds of certain gentlemen
were smarting tinder the recent annexation of Tex-
as; and he must do the gentleman from Ohio the
justice to say, that his speech on that occasion had
evinced great ability, and he had exhibited great
industry in following it up afterwards and making
it as effective as possible. He had had liis speech
put in pamphlet form, and laid on the desks of
Senators, when the bill went to the other House,
and lie had gone personally among them, and ex-
erted his utmost influence in its behalf; nor had he
labored in vain.
The gentleman had complained that the people
of Iowa had taken the matter of boundary into their
own hands, and had proceeded without any pre-
paratory action oil the part of the House. Mr. D.
had struggled hard to obtain such action before-
hand. The House had given the State sixty-five
thousand square miles; but the gentleman had fol-
lowed his speech into the Senate, and had, by the
exertion of lus talent and industry, obtained the
passage of the law in the shape it assumed last ses-
sion, and which the people of Iowa rejected.
As to the gentleman's amendment, it would cut
the river Des Moines, which was the chief river
of Iowa, and on which the ultimate seat of Gov-
ernment must be placed, directly into two. The
act of the last session, too, cut them off from the
Missouri. In such boundaries the people of Iowa
never would acquiesce. But the gentleman said
that, as to their wishes and feelings, they should
be disregarded, and that Congress should look only
at the great lines of public policy and the danger
of future disunion, and alLthat. God forbid that
Mr. 1). should attempt for a moment to dictate the
line of policy that should be adopted by the people
of the United Suites! But the course of the gen-
tleman was quite consistent. It would hot be for-
gotten that this was the course of, the constant,
stern, undeviating, eternal opponent of preemption
rights and of the graduation of the public lands.
This great advocate of Western interests had made
these vital points, joined with his Atlantic allies in
open opposition to the West. He deserved, there-
fore, at least the praise of consistency. Butitwas
somewhat remarkable that gentlemen from Mas-
sachusetts and New York should stand with this
Western champion in opposing this Western bill.
It was very strange that gentlemen from that part
of the Union should so strenuously oppose a bill
which, according to the gentleman from Ohio, was
to secure to their section of the Union such a
mammoth power.
If Mr. D. remembered right the greenest laurefs
which adorned this gentleman's brow had been
acquired by his great and memorable exertions in
extending the boundaries of Ohio against the weak
■ and feeble Territory of Michigan. On that occa-
I sion the gentleman could override and break down
