942
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
The bill to aid in the construction of certain roads
in the Territory of Wisconsin was next considered,
and— -
Mr. GEORGE W. JONES moved that the bill
be laid on the tabic.
Mr. HUNT, of New York, asked for the yeas
and nays; they were refused.
And the question was put on Mr. Jones's mo-
tion, and it was agreed to, and the bill was laid oil
the table accordingly.
An adjournment was here moved and lost.
And on motion of Mr. HUNGERFORD, it was
agreed to meet to morrow at ten o 'clock in the fore-
110011 •
The bill making appropriations for certain im-
provements in the Territory of Iowa next came up.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee said it was similar to
the bill just laid on the table, and he would make
the same motion with respect to this bill.
The motion prevailed, and the bill was laid on
the table.
Another motion was here made that the House
adjourn.
It was negatived.
The bill to dircct the sale of the reserved mineral
lands in the States of Illinois and Arkansas, and
the Territories of Wisconsin anil Iowa, came up.
This bill was amended in Committee of the
Whole by substituting an entire new bill.
The previous question was moved, and on the
counting for the second a quorum did not vote.
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, June 9, 1846.
Mr. YULEE desired to know of the chairman
of the Committee on Public Lands, when it was in-
tended to take up the bill to reduco and graduate
the price of the public lands, and for other pur-
poses '
Mr. BREESE expressed the anxiety on the part
of the committee to have the bill alluded to, con-
sidered and passed, and moved that it should be
taken up with a view to making it the special or-
der for Monday next.
The motion to take up was agreed to, and the bill
made the special order for Monday next.
[A message was received from the House of
Representatives, announcing that said House had
passed an act to amend the act entitled " An act to
grant a quantity of land to the Territory of Wis-
consin, for the purpose of aiding m opening a canal
to connect the waters of Lake Michigan with those
of Rock river-l
Mr. WESTCOTT submitted the following reso-
lution; which lies over;
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be re-
quested to furnish the Semite with a copy of such
portion of a letter from Commodore Lawrence
Kearny, United States navy, dated on or about
the 31st ultimo, as relates to a dock at the navy
yard, Pensacola.
Mr. TtTRNKY submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies over:
Rewired, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of ex-
empting from arrest and seizure the property of
volunteers for debt during their continuance m the
military service of the United States.
Mr. YULEE submitted the following resolution;
which lies over:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be iliroctcd to inquire into the best
means of establishing a regular lommunirntion by
mail between St. Augustine and Key West, anil
between Kev West and Pensacola, anil particular-
ly whether the steamers connected with the reve-
nue service can be employed for such purpose
without injury to the public interest.
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported, without amendment,
the House resolution authorizing the erection of a
. monument to Washington upon the public grounds
within the city of Washington, D. C.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported, without amendment, the bill re-
lating to, and increasing the duties of, the Attorney
General.
Mr. DICKINSON, from the Committee of
Claims, to whom was referred the House hill for
the relief of Langtry and Jenkins, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. D. also, from the same committee, submit-
ted an adverse report upon the petition of Jonathan
Tyne; which was ordered to be printed.
The Senate considered the resolution submitted
by Mr. CASS, providing for the printing of 5,000
copies of the Message of the President, received a
few days since, transmitting certain correspond-
ence between the United States and Great Britain
in relation to the right of search, a copy of the pro-
test by Mr. Cass against the Quintuple Treaty, and
the correspondence in relation thereto.
Mr. HAYWOOD objected to this daily increase
of expenses, which were already too great. This
Message had already been ordered to be printed for
the use of the Senate, and would necessarily go
into the public documents, and become part or the
history of the country. The cost of this extra
number would be $1,500.
After a few words from Mr. CASS and Mr.
BENTON,
Mr. HUNTINGTON moved that the resolution
be referred to the Committee on Printing; which
motion was agreed to.
The Senate considered the resolution submitted
by Mr. YULEE, inquiring into the expediency of
granting alternate sections of the public lands to
the several States in which they fie, for the im-
provement. of the navigation of rivers and the prose-
cution of public works; which resolution was
negatived;ayes 12, noes21.
The Senate considered the resolution, submitted
yesterday by Mr. Houston, providing for the
meeting of the Senate at the hour of ten o'clock,
A. M.
Mr. NILES suggested, as a modification, that
the hour of eleven be inserted instead of ten.
Mr. HOUSTON accepted the modification; when
On motion, it was ordered that the further con-
sideration of the subject be postponed until Mon-
day next.
The Senate considered the following resolution,
submitted yesterday by Mr. Woodbiuuoe, which
was agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to inform the Senate whether any
measures have been taken to carry into effect the
2d and 6th articles of the treaty with the Chip-
pewa Indians, entered into at La Pointeon the 4th
clay of October, 1842, so far as the same relates to
the removal of those Indians from the mineral
lands of Lake Superior, and whether any, and
what suitable country has been, or is intended to
be, provided lor the future residence of those In-
dians.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr. Benton, was agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to the Senate, the re-
port of the expedition led by Lieutenant Abert on
the Upper Arkansas and thtough the country of the
Comanche Indians, in the fall of die year 1845.
Mr. MANGUM moved that the Senate take up
a motion to print a synopsis of treasury reports,
which had been laid on the table some weeks since.
Mr. ATCHISON remarked that the subject had
been discussed at some length at the time when the
motion to print was'laid on the table. His objection
to the resolution to print was founded on the im-
propriety of sanctioning the unauthorized employ-
ment of clerks by heads of departments. He trusted
that the motion would continue to lie on the table,
and he called for the yeas and nays on the question
to take it up.
Mr. DAVIS hoped that the resolution would not
be taken up in the absence of the Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Evans,] who had, it appeared, taken
the pains to inform himself thoroughly as to its
merits.
Mr. CRITTENDEN understood that the ques-
tion was simply whether the" person who had per-
formed the labor was entitled to compensation.
Mr. ATCHISON remarked that the individual
could prefer a claim for compensation; but he (Mr.
A.) was not prepared to sanction such a procedure
on the part of an officer of the Government as had
originated this matter. If one clerk could be em-
ployed without authority, so might fifty.
The yeas and nays were then taken, as follows:
YEAS—iYIe^r<s Allen, Archer, Berrien, Cass, Chalmers,
John M. Cl.'ivton. Coiwnij Crittenden, Hannrgan, Jarnagin,
Johnson of Maryland, Johnson otXuuisiana, M.iritnitn, More-
head. l'earce, Husk, Sevier, Simmons, Webster, and Wood-
bruise—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Batchy, Ben-
ton, Breese, Calhoun, Thomas Clayton, Colquitt, Davis,
Dayton, Dickinson, Dix, FairfieM^-Efejvood, Houston,
Huntington, Jenness, Leivis, McDuffie, Miller, Niles, Pen-
nybneker, Phelps, Speight, Tarney, Upham, and West-
eott—28.
So the Senate refused to take up the resolution.
The Senate considered the report of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, asking to/be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the claim
of the owners of the brig General Armstrong, and
that the papers and documents in relation thereto
be laid on the table.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, moved to strike
out the resolution concluding the'report, and insert
the following:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be request-
ed to take proper measures again to bring this sub-
ject before the Portuguese Government.
Mr. ATHERTON stated that the Committee
on Foreign Relations had thought it best to leave
this business in the hands of those who held the
management of our Foreign Relations.
Mr. WEBSTER suggested that the proper
course of procedure would be to refer the report to
the Secretary of State.
Mr. ARCHER said that the object of the amend-
ment of the Senator from Louisiana [Mr. John-
son] was only to render attention to the case more
imperative on the Department of State, and added
some remarks relative to the justice and interesting
character of the claim.
Mr. ALLEN observed that the form of amend-
ment was rather unusual, and that the Senator
from Massachusetts had suggested the proper
course. The honorable gentleman was proceed-
ing with some additional remarks, when he was
interrupted by
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, who expatiated
at some length on the justice of the claim.,
Mr. ALLEN then remarked that he fiad not
disputed the justice of the claim at all. He had
only ventured to make a suggestion as to the
proper course of procedure.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON could see no difficulty
or impropriety in the amendment. In his humble
judgment the attention of the Secretary should be
invoked to the subject.
Mr. SEVIER then moved that the further con-
sideration of the subject be postponed, and that
the Senate proceed to the sj^ecial order of the day—
the Post Office appropriation bill. •
Mr. WEBSTER said, that, beyond all question
or doubt, the true course was to refer to the Secre-
tary of State. He supposed that this was a just
claim, but so were a great many others of a sim-
ilar character; and he thought that they ought to
be cautious in taking up indiscriminate claims
against foreign governments and malcing them
matter of legislative interference. Such subjects
belonged properly to the Executive department.
It belonged to the Executive to represent the just
claims of their citizens against foreign govern-
ments. That was the usual and appropriate course;
and he hoped that in this instance it would not be
thought proper to depart from it. He objected to
the amendment, certainly not on account of any
want of confidence in the justice of the claim, but
because he did not wish to open the door to the
practice ofindividuals seeking and obtaining an ex-
pression of the opinion of Congress as to *the va-
lidity of their claims against foreign governments.
If so, where would it end? He thought that all
the ends of justice would be attained by referring
this matter to the Secretary of State. The expres-
sion of their opinion would be "thus inferentially
given. At all events, it would be given as far as
was proper.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON could see nothing im-
proper in calling the attention of the Executive to
the case. If it were improper to tlo so, the' present
would not be the first instance, by any means, in
which that had been done. But this was a most
remarkable case. For a period of more than thirty
years these claimants had been seeking redress.
The Senator from Massachusetts would perceive
that even the reference of the memorial and report
as proposed by him was, according to his view, an
improper interference.
Mr. WEBSTER. Not at all. -
Mr. CLAYTON. If they could refer the opinion
of the committee, why not the opinion of the whole
body? Where was the difference? If the Senator
believed that this was a just claim against the Gov-
ernment of Portugal, why not honestly say so?
Mr. LEWIS insisted on his motion to post-
pone.
