1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
947
tleman who was about to make a minority report,
in saying, that that gentleman did not disagree in
the conclusions of the committee.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF. I do.
Mr. S. JONES. The gentleman's report will
speak for itself. If I understood it correctly it does
not, But it is a matter of injustice to publish a
part of the testimony, and leave the balance, which
would explain it, unpublished. Neither the House,
nor any individual, can come to a just conclusion
without having the whole testimony. The House,
therefore, must either come to the conclusion to
publish the whole testimony, or, in accordance
with the recommendation of the committee, to sup-
press the letter a copy of which the gentleman has
embodied in his report.
If the House think proper to violate the implied
pledgeunder which the President communicated the
information for its benefit, so be it. The commit-
tee have endeavored to do justice, and I think lmve
done justree to all parties in this unpleasant trans-
action. The House will determine for itself wheth-
er it will accept the results of the investigation, or
whether it wili dircct the whole testimony to be
laid open and submitted to the examination and
scrutiny of every one.
I am satisfied that this Government is more pui o,
more virtuous, more honest, more straightforward,
and upright in its administration of the foreign in-
tercourse fund—commonly called the secret ser-
vice fund—than any government on earth. But I
know there may be places where those who com-
mit crimes, and adopt a course of conduct ten times
worse, may hold us up to public reprobation, and
say, " Look at this Rermblie; see to what means
they resort, to carry on tuts foreign intercourse."
Mr. BRIN KERIIOFP said, if lie understood the
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Jones] correctly, he
states that the majority of the committee have come
to the conclusion that, in the disbursement of that
portion of the secret service fund which poised
through the hands of Mr. Smith of Maine, no other
than an equitable and proper use of the money had
been made for just and proper ends.
[A voice: " No; no."]
So I understood the gentleman from Georgia,
(said Mr. B.) Now, from that conclusion 1 dis-
sent, and dissent in my icport.
Mr. S. JONES (Mr. B. yielding) explained that
he had stated, that so far as regards the conduct of
Mr. Webster, whose conduct the committee were
directed to inquire into, the committee did not see
that any use had been made of the fund in connex-
ion with the public press but what was just and
proper.
The SPEAKER, (addressing Mr. Jones:) Did
the Chair understand the gentleman from Georgia
as objecting to the report of the minority?
Mr. JONES replied in the negative. He ob-
jeetcrd.to the publication of the letter embodied by
the gentleman from Ohi6 in his report—that the
gentleman should be permitted to disclose a part of
the testimony, by copying it into his report. He
did not object to the report. He' thought it a mat-
ter of right that the gentleman fVom Ohio should
make a minority report; but he did say, if the
House intends to pass a resolution to have these
documents sealed up, and marked " Confidential,"
then the gentleman should be directed to strike out
that part of his report before suggested.
Mr. BRINKEkHOFF resuming. I suppose
(said he) it is my right, by leave of the House, to
make a minority report, and in that report to em-
body whatever I conceive to be necessary fully to
represent my views, and the grounds on which
they are based; and if this should render it neces-
sary to publish the whole of this testimony, in my
opinion it would be so much the better for the
cause of truth and justice. I totally dissent from
the opinion expressed with so much confidencc by
the majority of the committee. I believe the pub-
he interests can in no w^y suffer from the publica-
tion of the whole testimony and exhibits in this
rase. I cannot conceive it will injure the present
relations of the Government; its future or antici-
pated relations with foreign Powers; and the past
is done with and settled. Phenortheastern bound-
ary is disposed of. If, as the majority of the
committee contend, the evidence fully exonerates
Mr. Webster from any improper imputation and
charge, of course it must, in the person of Mr.
Webster, exonerate the Administration and the
country. How, then, if the conclusion arrived at
by the majority of the committee be just, can the
character of the country suffer in the eyes of for-
eign Powers by a full publication of the testimony?
It cannot. If the conclusion at which they arrive
be correct, then the character of the country can-
not suffer; if it be incorrect, then justice to the
character of the man who made the chargc, and to
the character of him upon whom the charge is
made, requires that it be published, and the reso
lution with which I conclude the minority report
provides for the publication of the whole testi-
mony-
Mr. BURT interposed, and (Mr. B. yielding)
said he desired, as the question before the House
at this time seemed to be on the reception of the
report of the gentleman from Ohio, to surest to
the gentleman before further remarks be made, and
that the House maybe enabled nlso intelligently
to determine whether the report shall be printed,
that he now send it up to the Clerk to be read.
'Die SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the House have agreed to the reception of the re-
port.
Mr. SEABORN JONES paid he had objected to
receiving the report with the letter embodied in it.
The SPEAKER. The Cluur distinctly put the :
question to the gentleman from Georgia, whether
he objected to the reception of the icport. The
gentleman replied that he, did not object.
Mr. JONES said he did not object to the report,
but to that part of it which contained a part of the
testimony which the majority of the committee
recommended to the TTousc not to publish.
Mr. BR1N KE1UIOVE It mrmunts to tins,
then, that the gentleman from Georgia dues not
object to my minority report, but to a part of the
report itself.
Mr. TIOGE moved that both the«e reports, with
the accompanying resolutions, be laid on the table
and printed; and on the latter branch of the mo-
tion he moved lite previous question.
Mr. .T P. MARTIN inquired of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Brinkeuuoff] whether or not
Mr. Ingersoll was allowed the privilege of ap-
pearing before the committee and prosecuting the
charges against Mr, Webster'
Mr. BRINKKRITOKF. No,sir; he was not.
Mr. VINTON addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER renumhd j^nileinen that the
question befoio the House w:im not debatable.
Mr. VINTON said he merely desired to answer
what he understood to be the inquiry of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Martin.] Mr. !n-
gersoll (he said) was not denied the privilege of
coming before the committee. Pie did not ask the
privilege.
The question was then taken on laying the re-
port on the tabic, and agreed to.
The question iccurred on the. second branch of
the question—the motion to print.
The demand for the previous cmestion was sec-
onded—ayes 82, noes not counted.
And the main question was ordered.
Mr. VINTON inquired of the Speaker what was
the question ?
The SPEAKER replied, on printing the two re-
ports, with the accompanying resolutions.
Mr. VINTON* Does the motion embrace the
printing of the papers accompanying the report of
the majority?
The'SPEAKER. It does not.
Mr. T. B. KING inquired of the Speaker
whether the question on the printing could be di-
vided ?
The SPEAKER said no; because both report
had been included in the same motion.
Mr. KING was understood to inquire whether
it was competent to omit a part.
The SPEAKER- said a morion to print a por-
tion of the repot t and not the balancc could not
now be entertained.
Mr. BRODHEAD called for the reading of the
resolution attached to the minority report.
Which was read as follows:
Resolved, That thetestimonv and exhibits taken
before the select committee of this House instructed
to investigate the charges against Daniel Webster,
late Secretary of State", together with the reports of
the majority and minority of said committee, be
laid upon the table, and printed, and that said com-
mittee be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the subject.
The reading having been concluded,
Mr. ROOT asked the yeas and nays on the mo-
tion to print; which were ordered.
Mr. WINTHROP (amidst some confusion)
asked whether the report of the minority might not
be iead- He did not know that gentlemen had
any privileges on this floor, but if it was a privi-
lege he would venture to make the motion.
Objections were made to the reading.
So the SPEAKER puttfie question to the House-,
arid, in accordance with its decision#
The minority report was read,
REPORT OF THE MINORITY.
The undersigned, one of the members of the select com-
mittee of the House of Representatives appointed to inves-
tigate the truth of the charges against Daniel Webster, late
Secretary of State, made by Charles J, Ingersoll, a member
of this IIou«e, finding him<elf unable to concur, in all re-
spects, m tin. rejtoit of the majonty of the committee, and
In-hcvmff that uuth ami justice require that some of the
facts made to appear in the course of the Investigation should
lie ffcUi'd laoie fully than hits been done in the repoit of the
j ity, 1>U uvo btiefly to present his views in the way
j ul a liimonty lepuit.
While it is it uc, as stated m the majority report, that it
: would appear, fto'n the testimony of cx-Piesident Tvler,
| th.tt it \\ as on his own suggestion that the moneys belonging
j to the secret service fund were placed in the hands of Mi.
{ "Webster, yet, fioin the testimony of Mr. fcUubbs, the dis-
; bursing agent of that fund, and by the correspondence, on
| the subject, copies of w Inch w <'tc 'obtained by the commit-
' tec, it is evident that the modus operandi wasthi*: Mr.Web-
stei vcib.illy suggested to Mr. Stuhb.-> that he should wnte a
note to tbe President suggesting the piopnety and conve-
nience of placing a pait of this fund at the disposal of the
Secretary ot Slate. This Mr. Stubbs did; and Mr. Web-
ster transmitted the note of Mr. Stubbs to the President,
accompanied with one from himself, appioving the sugges-
tion, and Mentioning the amount which he supposed would
he necessity for the thou present purposes ot the depait-
ment.
At the conclusion of that part of the report of the majority
of this* committee, winch relates to the fi >t elmige ol'Mi.
IngerM>ll. it in said: " A balance not needed for the pur-
poses contemplated, was afk'i wards returned by Mr. Web-
ster to Mr. Stubbs, the disbursing agent." Jn reference to
this part ot the subject, it is but proper to say, that the
whole amount of the-eerer service fund which came into
the hands of Mr. Weli-ter, was seventeen thousand dollars.
Five thousand dollar, ot this sum was received by linn in
November and Pecvmbci. ltfll, and remained m his hands
until the 23d day of June. 1£h>, when n was returned to the
disbursing agent of the depai rnient. Whethei, dining the
tuiifi which into vened, Mr. Webstei made use of the whole
oi any part of this sum, or whether it lay untouched bvhim
in the hands of ln« banker or elsewhere, there is, to the
Knowledge of the undersigned, no evidence whatsoever.
Proceeding to notice the M-eoud chanre, the majority, in
in then report, say : "There is hi the Department of State,
among the papers relating to the s-eeiet <ei vice fund, a letter
from that ixciitlenMn, (F. O. J Smith. Esq.,) which contains
an c*vpi e—i<*n that, unexplained, might prMty lead to the
infereaec that ho (Mi. Smith) had u-ed the money of the
Government in thatwaj." The undersigned deems it but
right that this letter should be given at length. It is as fol-
lows :
" [Private.] <l Portland, Jhigu&t 12,1842.
a DfarSir: Isupposewe may consider our long-disputed
boundary now settled, and the people of Maine fcel that
jri ltat credit is due to your efforts in .bringing a forty years'
dispute to a close. I feel gratified in the result, from a con-
viction of many years' standing, that a new mode of ap-
proaching the subject, and such a one as you have adopted,
would accomplish if, while another forty yeais of circuitous
diplomacy would have availed nothing.
•>' Considering the matter settled, I presume you can feel
instilled m enabling me to fulfil certain assurances which I
"made to a few individuals at different points in this State,
whose services and influence I had occasion to resort to, m
ordei to adjust the tone and direction of the paity presses
and through them of public sentiment, to the purposes so
i desirable of accomplishment under your administration.
For my own services you can also make such allowance
liom the contingent fund as you may deem proper, merely
remarking that all that wa* contemplated in my original
letters to you of May, 3841, on the subject, so far as Maine,
and the voice of the people are concerned, has been happily
realized. To the individuals alluded to above, three m
number, I gave an assurance that in the event of a settle-
ment of the boundary, they should be allowed a reasonable
remuneration for then tune and incidental expenses—and I
should like to he able to remit thein $*100, or $U25 each, if m
my power. Nevertheless, T assumed no authority to bind
your depaitment, in any official manner on the subject; but
the whole rests in my confidential intercourse with them,
and I leave it, after stating the fact, wholly at your discre-
tion. I presume the contingent tund will be ample, and
your contiol in it ample, to <to whatever you think jubt.
" I send herewith a bill for a voucher, with entire consent
for you to fill the blanks as you may deem proper. And I
do it thus seasonably, lest There be ground for the rumor
(a« I tiust there is not) that you will shortly claim a right to
ictire from the admimstiation of the State Department
'c I beg you to believe that, whether you remain in your
piesenfc or any other posinon of the public scrvice, my best
wishes will attend your efforts, and I shall be most happy,
in any opportunity, of my being serviceable to you in this
region of our country.
"lam, most truly, your friend and obedient servant,
« FRANCIS 0. J. SMITH.
" Hon. D. Webster, &c., See., &c."
It is haidly possible that any one, reading this letter,
should come to any other conclusion than tbat arrived at by
Mr. Tngersoll, and embraced in his second charge. Mr.
Smith, however, in his examination before the committee,
positively denies that any part of the sum of two thousand
five hundred dollars, received by him out of the secret ser-
vice fund, was ever paid or promised to any person in any
