948
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
tioneering; and, by coire«,pond<-uce and confidential com
murucauon with the leading ami ltilluential pontieal chAiac-
tcvs of b!>th political parties, so so influence tne public Blind,
and "adi'ist the tone and dneenou ot tuc party pieces, as,
to seeui<; f mViioutv in the I.cgi^ature 01 that State tavor-
?hU' t  *lw anuoinunent of commissioners with fall powers
to bind the State Jit the anticipated negotiations, In this
«iiiptn it liaslHjen seen, the a^eut chums to have been &uc-
episiul- and asks or ^ each" for his a-^istants.
Aecoutln'dy, ^ve hundred dollars were remitted to him;
and m tin1 accounts lelatms to the secret service fund, Mi.
Webber is ciedited w;iU £'.<00 pant to Mr. Smith (or his
" ,v>-i-ta>itV It is due to them, however, whojver they
may be, to add, that Mr. tfmitSi, at tho lime he received tins
rcmiUauce o( .^jOU, was not informed that it was specially
intetwied for the p ivment of the " assistants and having,
a« he thought, veceued no more in ail than he was justly
entitled to "tin his own services letataod the money in hw
own hand-, and they \et leiinuu unpaid. Whether thu
((beet eiioit ot* the Gonial Government through the agency
of one o! ih Imrh functionaries, and the employment ot pvu-
maiy means f<h the purpo?e of influencing the legislative
action of a ttuUe uo\eu.ment, constitutes an impeachable
otfenco jn that functional^, the undesigned wdl not a&Mime
lo decide. ,
In ie«atd to the third chaige, viz: that when Mi. U eb-tei
Jef'tthe oll'ree of Secretary of Stat; he wa- a pubhr Uefenliei,
the mult reigned concur with tae inajo: it> o; tin* committee,
that "fiom an examination <>l his account*, it npp.'rn;- thac,
6 at that Ume7 there wa- of tin. moiu'\ -= that had been  «itiu <t-
< ed to him an appaient hnlance ot *-2 -210 m his hands, as
«• stated by Mr. IngorswH. The exp?ndituie of tins sum ru-
4 mamed to be accounted Tot hylnm." But the under ignc;l
knows of no evidence which c mie helore the commit,ee
in anyioiin whatever, other than the deelaiauon* ot Mr.
Wobstei himself, eouig to show that theio Win any u diih-
* culty in piocurmg vouchee nom the sceiet agents whom
e Mr. Webstf\had 'employed for the moneys advanced by
'hnn to them;'5 nor di.es he know of any otner e\idence
of the lens or imsiawng of any voueiier " foi a p\\ mem ol
a thousand doliais;51 nor of any "efforts by Mr. \Y* iMci fo
obtain such voucher; though it n very true that.-mch vouci-cr
uhas not vet been iour.d oi obtained.5' The simp e t.ulii on
this branch of the uupuiy, so far a< the underpinned is ca-
pable ot pcemy if. is substantially thv-; Mr. eb-tei went
out of the ^titc Department an apparent defaulter to the
ammmtot*^-i,-2'J0. Afunwaid<?,by rineetion nt'tln-Piesid. m,
he was written to bv the (h.-buv.-ms ajront. Mi Kinbb*, and
urged to a settlement. Foi dilfciem leasons and on v.'imu*
plea? the matter was delayed fiom time to time, until Mi.
Tyler approached the termination ot his pK>Kl"i,tr.l term;
when Mi. Webber, having m this coru^porufeiice been ie-
mmded of the nceessiivthat would exi>r lor ?iic puhhe«t o/i
of the public accounts, and the exposmc which would Je-
suit from that publication if the account remmned uu.ul-
ju-ted, having been thus? hinted at, suggested, in the lust
irfaee, that tiie President should take the ex-SecieUiry's
woirt for thf expeiuhtuie of one UiouMind dollars, and grant
him a eernficate c-oveinig that amount; but, the Preside m
deelininii to act upon this siu&es-tion, Mr. Wi-l^tei then jno-
po.-ed to" pay up the app irent balane< acpunst turn, which
proposal wa-i ot course a« eepfd, and Mr. Web t( i pud it
up aceoi(hiiuly. t5iiiis>ei|uently,ho\ve\ci. Mi. Web-ni pio-
(hiced vou.'hers to the amount ot and was rep;od to
that amount, leavmt? .<51,0to as the icui amount ot In.- dofal-
ciUiori at the time of his reiirenienl itom olhee; and of the
expendiUue of wincii siuu in tlie yttbU" sen lee theie. i-\ le
yond the meic word of Mr. Webslei, no evidince whut>o-
evei.
It h true Mr. Webster at fiM claimed to have paid ihn
sum to a Mr. Healv: but the disbui-iiiff aa« nt havui« ^jowji
thai he had lnmseli jjaid tltat *uni, and that Mr. Webster
bad already be«n eredibid with the amount p'ud in Mi.
Jlenly, lie sttll claimed to have paid it to some pei-on em-
ployed' m the public seivice ; but theie i* no evidence beloie
Tlie committee that, snb^efjuent to tlu-i time, Mi. VVebMer
over pretended to state sp:-eiheal!y to whom, wiien, uheie,
or foi what pmpo.«c, the whole or any pan of this .sum was
ever pan! b\ him.
Whether he con id have expended this sum for pubhc pur-
poses, and for purposes so impoiiaiit and delicate aJ to re-
quue a draft on the seciet service fund, without being able,
within two years tberealter, to de-isnati-, even to the lSe*-
idu
with
House to determine. , .
liavinc thus supplied what lie deemed detective or erro-
neous in the report of the majority, and believing that no
injury can result to the public service fiom the publication
•nmno fiiL the undersigned bees leave to ofiei tlie lollouitig
illiin two years thereauor, to tu-ianaie, even to me i ie>.-
>nt whose agent he wa>, any of the j>aiiieui.irs comie.'ted
ith its expendituie, the undersigned will leave it to the
proposed, the undersigned begs leave to
resolution:
Resolved That the testimony and exhibits taken before
the select committee ol thi4 Hou-e, instituted to iiiveMinate
the charge^ ag.un^t Darnel YV ebttei. late Soeieiaty of Htate, _
to^etlier'vvith the icports of the maionty and mmoim of j
said committee, be laid upon the table and punted; and
that said committee be dischaiaed from th*-fiutboi consid-
eration of the subject. JACOB BHINKERHOFF.
A "brief conversation followed between Mr. J.
DAVIS, Mr. CULVER, and the SPEAKER.
The question on the motion to print both reports
was taken, and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John Uumcy Adams. Anderson,
Atkinson, Barrmger, Dedmgei, Bell, Renton. n>sru-, James
Black, Blanchard', Bowhn, Bovd, BrinkcrhoiT, r.rodhead,
Milton Brown, William G. Brown, Bullington, Burt. Wil-
liam W. Campbell, John JL Campbell, Catlicart, J(.hrt G
Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman, Chase, Chipman. Claikc, ])
Cobb, Cocke, Collin, Crozier, f'ullom, Culver, t'ummms, ■
Cunningham, Daniel, Daigan, Darrach, Gairett Davis, D.; |!
Mott, Dillingham, Dobbin,"Doekery, Dofig-Jass, Diomifot^lc, j
Dunlap, Ellsworth, "Rrdman, Edwin H. Evvine. Fanui, Fick- \ >
Iin, Fries, Garvin. Gentry, Giddings, Giles, Gordon, Giabam, |;
Grider, Hamlin, Hampton, Harmanson, Harper, Hernck, H
[ Hose, Hopkins, George S. Houston, Samuel D. Hubbard,
1 Hudson, Hung'-ifoid, WTaslungton Hunt, James B. Hunt;
■ Ch.ules J. fnger-oll, Jenkjn-, James H. Johnson, Andrew*
i Johnson, Gyor^e W. Jones, Seaborn Jones,Kaufman, Ken-
: nedy, Daniel P. Kmg, JPie-ton Kmc, Tliomas ButJer King,
Leake, La Sere, Lewis, Ligon, Long, Lumpkin, Maclay,
McClean, McClelland, ftlcCleniand, Joseph J. McDoweil,
James McDowell, MeGaughey, Mollvame, McKav, John P.
Martin, Baikley Martin, Mori is, Moulton, Niven, Noins,
Parritvli, Pa3'jie, Peri if J, Peiry, Pollock, li.itbbun, Real, Kel/c,
i Kliett, Eittei, Hob^rts, Juliu-i Rockwell, Jolm A. EockwoJ],
' Itunk, llu>sell, Savvtelle, lawyer, Scammoji, Sehenek,
Seaman, Alexander D. Sims, "i'homas SjjjiHj, Caleb B.
Smith, Robert Smitu, Stanton, StaiJc weather, Stcvvait, St.
John, Strolim, Stiong, ^ykes, Thihodeaux, Tiiomnsson,
Jaines Thompson, Jacob Ttiompson, Thnrman, Tibbatts,
Tilden, Town-, Tiedwa\, Trumbo, Vance, Vmion, Wenl-
vvoiih, Whfaton. White, Wick, William^, Winthrop,Wood-
waid, Woodworth, Wiig.it, Young, and Yo4—1.38.
NAYH—Mofp s/ Stephen Ad.uns, Ashmuj), Jame5 A.
Biaek, Cranston, Jeft*er:"on l)avi>, John ILEwinsr, Bhas 15.
Holme-, I-^aae E Ilohnes, Mcll««nry. P.ivJleton, PJjulps,
Bool, Severance, SmipiOn, Stepliens, and Toombs—16.
So the reports were laid on the table.
The SPEAKER, again announced the special
order of the day.
Mr. Or. DAVIS (leave having been denied)
moved the postponement of the special order, to
enable him to make a report from the select com-
mittee on printing, and asked the yeas and nays;
winch were ordeied, and, being taken, were—yeas
72, nays 99.
So the .special order was not postponed.
The House resumed the consideration of the
special order.
MINERAL LANDS.
And the bill to direct the safe of the reserved
mineral lands in the JStatex of Illinois and Arkan-
sas and Territories of Wisconsin and iowu was
first in order.
The pre\ioiis question moved yesterday was
now seconded, and being put, viz: "Shall the
mam question be now putp) it passed in the af-
firmative.
The main question was put, first, on the amend-
ment or substitute for the entire bill, and carried;
and, secondly, on tlie, engrossment and third read-
ing of the bill, and also passed in the atiirmative.
The bill, being engrossed, was read the tiurd
time and passed.
DEf? MOINES RIVER,.
The bill granting lands to the Territory of Iowa,
to aid m the impro\ement of the navigation of the
l)cs Moines aver, m said Territory, coming up for
considt'ialjon—
One of tiie amendments reported from the Com-
mittee of tiie Whole House proposes lo add to the
bill the following section:
tf ce. 4. Jlnd he it further <naclwf, That whenever the Ter-
ntoiy of Jowashal i.e admitted into the Union as a StatP,
riie bind-? heioby g,anted lor the above purpose shall be and
become ihe piopeity oi said State tor tue purpose con templa-
te! m thi^ <jct, and no othei : I'roeidvdy That tne lands
iieieby appropnab'd shall bo included in the quantity of land
to uhieh Jowu vvilf be entitled under the eighth .section of
the act entitled '■ An act to appropiiate the ptoceeds of the
sales of the public lands, and to giant pre-emption rights."
when said ytate shall be admitted into tiie Union.
Mr. UATHBUN moved to amend the amend-
ment by inserting tlie word not after the word
"shall," in the proviso, so as to make it read,
" that the lands hereby appropriated shall not be
included," <&e. It was negatived,
Mr. RATllBUN then moved to strike out the
whole proviso in which the amendment is con-
tained.
A debate here sprung up, in which Messrs.
RHETT, RATHi>UxN, McOLERNAND, AD-
AMS of Mississippi, THUHM AN, STEWART,
VINTON, DODGE, liOWLIN, and GORDON,
participated, and which turned on the question
whether the grant of land m the bill should be
deducted from the cvant of 500,000 acres of the
public land to which Iowa would be entitled under
the distribution law of 1841, or whether it should
be granted her over and above that amount.
Mr. RHETT was in favor of deducting it from
her quota, ah otherwise it would aggravate still
further the inequality among the States in refer-
ence to the pubhc domain.
Mr. RATHCUN thought the grant of land in
the bill ought to stand on its own merits, and not
to be taken out of land already granted to Iowa by
Jaw. Let it not app< ar on the face of the act to be
a benefaction, when H was only a pait of what
Iowa was already entitled to rcceive in common
with other new Siates coming into the Union.
Mr. McCLERNAjND quoted thelaw of 1841, to
show that all lands granted or to be granted to the
new States for works of'internal improvement were
to be reckoned as a part of the 500,000 acre3 grant-
ed by Congress.
Mr. ADAMS, of Mississippi, was in favor either
of refusing this land, or providing that it shoutd
not be deducted out of the share that was coming
to Iowa under the distribution !;r>v.
Mr. RATHBUiY said that the whole quota of
500,000 acres had been appropriated in the consti-
tution of Iowa to purposes of education; and,there-
fore, this land could not be included in the grant.
Mr. McCJLERNARD said if that was the case,
the new constitution was in direct conflict with the
law of 18-11.
Mr. THURMAN said that this was land to bo-
granted to Iowa as a Territory, and therefore did
not conflict with the 500,000 acres she was,to re-
ceive as a State. She might do what she pleased
with that; but this was given her as a Territory,
for a specific object of public utility, in which other
i States as we!! as herself had a collateral interest.
J Mr. STEWART explained thepro visions of thr-
: distribution law. While it distributed the proceeds
1 of tlie sales of the pubhc lands among the States
generally, it allowed the new States formed out of
United States territory 500,000 acres each, over
and above.
Mr. VINTON stated that Ohio hail previously
received her 500,000, and theiefore she got no ex-
tra alio wance.
Mr. STEWART said that the same rule ought
to be observed in respect to Iowa. All she g-ot
from Congress was to be deducted from her 500,-
/ 000 acres.
'| Mr. Rf-IETT went into a brief .history of the
j| distribution law and its operation on the States,
!! and observed, in reply to Mr. Tiibrm an, that it had
;t respect to previous grants made to Territories, as
j; well as to new States. The present grant, tliere-
ji fore, must be deducted. Was she to get more than
j Missouri? If they began to add, where was it to
stop? Congress would have to begin anew, and re-
distribute tiie public lands.
Mr. DODGE said that this work of the improve-
ment of the Des Moines river ought' to stand on- its
own merits. If it was a great and useful public
work, let Congress appropriate the requisiteamount
of land to enable the State to complete it. The
amount proposed was but 262,000 acres; while
Ohio, and Michigan, and other States, had received
grants of over a million of acres.
After further explanations, Mr. D, demanded
the previous question.
But the House refused to second the coll.
Mr. BOWL1N explained as to what Missouri
had received, and took this favorable occasion to
say a few words in advance in behalf of a bill soon
to come up, making grants to his State to enable
her to reclaim her submerged lands, now of no
value.
Mr. VINTON explained respecting , the grants
to Ohio and to Indiana for the completion of their
canals, insisting that the Government had received
more than an equivalent in free transportation of
troops and munitions of war forever.
Mr. GORDON explained how the new States
insisted on their 500,000 acres each as a vested
right, notwithstanding the subsequent repeal of the
distribution law. He concluded by demanding the
previous question, but the House refused.
Mr. JEFFERSON DAVIS advocated the grant
of land in the bill, but insisted it should be given
on its own merits, by the Government acting as a
landholder, and that it had nothing to do with the
quota of 500,000 acres coming to Iowa.
Mr. GORDON renewed his call for the previous
question, which was at length seconded.
And tlie main question was put, first on Mr.
Rivrmst-fj's motion to strike out the proviso from
Mr. Dodge's amendment; and decided in the ne-
gative.
And the main question was put, secondly, that
tlie House do concur with the Committee of the
Whole m Mr. Dodge's amendment; and passed
ill the affirmative—ayes 96, noes not counted.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read the third time; and, being engrossed, was
read the third time, and passed.
BOUNDARIES OP IOWA.
The bill to define the boundaries of the State of
Iowa, and to repeal so much of the act of the 3d
