950
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
ritory to form a constitution anil State government,
and for the admission of such State into the Union,
was next taken up.
The amendments .adopted m Committee of the
"Whole were read and concurvcd m.
Mr.* McCLELLANO moved an amendment,
which, he staled, had been agreed upon between
the members of the State of Michigan and the Dele-
gate of Wisconsin, to that part of the fust section
which defines the boundaiiea of the new State.
Mr. McCLELLND also moved to amend the
bill by inserting therein a new section, as the sec-
ond section of the bill, as follows:
"That the lands hereby gianted shall not ho conveyed or
disposed of by :*aHt Temtoiy, or by a v £tate to be fanned
by the *amo, except as said improvement shall piogrosj
thai is, tin: said Tenitoi) or St.He mav -ell so nnieii o; Miid
lauds as shall p.odnce llie stun of $30 O'iO. and then the mSp^
sh.ill cea^c, until the Governor of s-aui Terutoiy ot dlate
shall certify the fact to the FreMdpnt of the United c5fue>
that one-half of said aum lia-'heon expended upon s;ud im-
provement, "when the said Temtorv or tftatc niav eeM and
convey a (juantijv ol the re.-uluo of -aid laiuU- .sufficient to
replace the uumu'it expended; and thus the ca'e-5 .-hall jno-
gro*s as the proeoetf*: iheieof sliall lie expended, and the iaet |
of bueh expenditure bhall he eeiniied a> afoioaid."'
After some conversation—
Both the amendments moved by Mr. McCixi,-
i.and were agreed to.
The other amendments reported from the Com-
mittee of the "Whole were read and concurred in.
And the bill was ordeied to be tn^roissed and
read a third time,
And being- engrossed, it was forthwith read the
third time and passed.
At a subsequent period of the tiav's session, a
motion was made by Mr. ROCKWELL, of Con-
necticut, that the House reconsider the vote by
which this bill -was passed. The motion was en-
tered and hud over, to be hereafter consideied.
The SPEAKER announced that the special or-
der on Territorial business was here concluded.
Mr. HUNTER immediately moved that the
rules prescribing the order ot business be sus-
pended, and that the House proceed to the con-
sideration of business x elating to the District of
Columbia.
Mr. HOPKINS said he hoped not.
The question was put, and the motion was neg-
atived.
Sundry hills from the Senate were then taken up j
and read the first and second time, and referred as I
follows: ;
The hill Jo provide for the ascertainment and j
satisfaction of claims of Amencan citizens for spo- i
liations committed by the French prior to the 31st I
July, 1801, to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. i
The bill appropriating alternate sc< hons of the i
public lands for the improvement of Pearl ri\cr,
to the Committee on the Public Lands-.
The bill for the relief of Asenath Canney to the
Committee on the Public Lands.
The House proceeded to consider the message
from the Senate notifying the disj<rre< ment of the
Senate to the amendment of this 1 louse to the bill
for the appointment of an additional number of
paymasters m the army.
Air. HARALSON movi'.d that the House rccedc
from its amendment. Negatived.
Mr, McCLELLANO moved that the House
insist on its amendment
" Proiided, That none of such volumes shall be
distributed to members of Congress,"
JVIr. G. DA VIS moved the previous question.
Mr. COBB asked Mr. D. to withdraw the mo-
tion, as he wished to move an amendment to the
resolution of the committee as well as to discuss
the subject.
Mr. L)AVIS s aid he would do so if he could
then be permitted to make a report from the Com-
mittee on Public Printing.
Mr. COBB could not enter into the stipulation.
The question was then put on the motion for the
previous question, and it was not seconded.
Mr. COBB then moved the following as a sub-
stitute for the resolution repotted by the commit-
tee:
Resolved, That the Clerk be, and heieby is, di-
rected to leturn to Messrs. J. & G. S. Gideon the
1,1500 copies of the 10th volume of the laws of the
United States delivered to the Clerk by the said J.
& G. S. Gideon.
A debate amae on the report and resolution of
the sr lei tcommittee; they weie opposed by Messrs.
COBB and WiNTHROP, and supported by Mr.
CORDON.
During the debate the hour allotted by the rules
for the eousideiation of leports of committees ex-
pned,and the subject went o\er until to-monow.
Mr. HOPKINS mo\ed the following:
"Whereas William T. Stewart, late messenger in
the ollu c of the Scigeanl-at-Arins in the House of
Representatives has been lemoved without any
sufficient cause known to the House: Therefore
be it "
RmolvvtU That the Serjeant-at-Arms is hereby
required to leinstatc the said Stewart in the oflice
! of messenger.
! The inUoduction of the resolution was objected
| to.
j Mr. HOPKINS moved to suspend the rules,
| -which motion pie\ailed, t\\ o-tlurds voting therefor.
! The resolution w;^ then received.
j And Mi. HOPKINS moved the previous ques-
j tion, but withdrew it at the request of
| Mr. BOYD, who called for the reading of the
authority for the appointment of the messenger.
! It was read by the Clerk, and
Mr. BOYD opposed the resolution.
Mr. WOOD WORTH moved an adjournment.
Negatived.
Mr. HOPKINS explained the circumstances
which, in his opinion, rcndeird the introduction of
the r< solution pmpei, and spoke m favorable terms
of Mr. SSiewait, whom he had known personally
as an oilher of this House, and a good and faith-
| lul ollicer too, during the time of his (Mr. H.'s)
i term of seiuee m Congiess, which was eleven
| yeais. Mi. Stew art's term of service, lie believed,
i extended much beyond that period, probably
| twenty years. Mr. K. then enteied somewhat at
i laige into a support of his resolution.
i iVlr. McKAY said the law which authorized the
| appointment of this messenger was limited to the
; year 1844, and, of comse, there was now bo law
| leco^ntsmji- the oflicer.
1 Mr. HOPKINS modified his resolution by leav-
! ing out the preamble, and making the resolution
read as follows:
1 licsolvcd, That William T. Stewart be and he
And the question being put, it passed in the af- j
firmative.
hereby is declared to be the messengei of the Ser-
eeant-al-Armw of this House.
n/r tv/i i^r dt r a ivm ,i it- '■ The debate on the resolution was continued bv
Mi.McCLELLAND suggested to the eluurm.m UOYD and KENNEDY against it, an&
of the Military Committee to ask a conference, i| by Mr. LEAKE m its sunpoit.
*7^3 ™ uT<\Y f- J® n r from Senators | Wl.. [JOYD moved that the resolution be laid on
he haa no doubt the bill could be so modified as to jj)e table.
suit the views of both Houses.
Mr. HARALSON iruned that a conference be
asked of the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses; which was agreed to.
Reports of committees being in order—
The House proceeded to the consideration of
the report made some weeks ago by a Select Com-
Pcnding which, a motion was made that when
the House adjourns it will adjourn to meet at ten
o'clock to-morrow forenoon.
' Mr. JOSEPH R. 1NGKRSOLL said the motion
was not in ordei. As the hour for the meeting of
the House was fixed by a standing order of the
Houac, it was not m order to entertain a motion to
mittee, of which Mr. Gordon was chairman, upon 'I change it at any time except when resolutions or
the subject of purchase and distribution of a tenth'! motions were m order; and he called upon the
Volume of the laws of the United States. ;j Speaker to decide the question.
The committee recommend to the House the!; The SPEAKER said, that although the rule of
adoption of the following resolution: ;j the House provided that a motion to fix the day to
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House cause to j, which the House shall adjourn shall always be in
be distributed the tenth volume of the laws of the j order, it did not follow that a motion to change the
XJnited States in the same manner as the eighth and i
ninth volumes were distributed.
Mr. THURMAN moved to add to the resolu-!
tion the following: 1
hour already fixed was always in order; and he
therefore sustained the objection raised by Mr. isr-
uersoll, and ruled the motion not in order at this
time.
An appeal was taken from this decision, and the
ruling of the Chair was sustained by a large ma-
jonty.
The question was put on Mr. Boyd's motion to
lay Mr. Hopkins's resolution on the table, and it
was lost.
The resolution was further supported by Messrs,
DROMGOOLE and LEAKE, and was opposed
by Mr. KENNEDY. . 1
Mr. RATHBUN moved the previous question*
^ Mr. HENLEY moved an adjournment. Nega-
tived.
The previous question was seconded.
An adjournment was again moved, and nega-
tived.
The previous question was then put, "Shall the
main question be now put?" and passed in the
affirmative.
And the main question was put, that the House
do agree to the resolution, and passed m the affirm-
ative, by yea? and nays; For the resolution 75,
against it 46.
And so the resolution was agreed to, and Wil-
liam T. Stewart was declared to be the messenger
to the Serjeant-at-Arms of the House.
Mr. HENLEY immediately moved a reconsid-
eration of the vote agreeing to the resolution, and
gave his reasons for the motion.
Mr. H. also moved an adjournment; which pre-
vailed,
And the House adjourned until to-morrow.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, June 10,1846.
Mr. GREENE presented the memorial of the
representatives of the yearly meeting of the Soci-
eties of Piicnds for New England, deprecating the
evils of war, and praying the adoption of measures
for the perpetuation of peace; which he moved
should be laid upon the table and printed.
Mr. ATHERTON moved the reference of the
motion to print to the Committee on Printing;
which was agreed to.
Mr. WESTCOTT presented a constitution for
a State government, adopted by the people of the
Territory of Iowa, in convention, May 18, 1846;
which was refeired to the Committee'on Territo-
ries, and five thousand additional copies were'(on
motion of Mr. W.) ordered to be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, submitted the
following resolution; which was agreed to:
Itcsolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to communicate to the Senate the aggregate amount
appropriated by Congress smcc the 1st of July,
1836, for the removal of bars and other obstruc-
tions of mud, sand, &c., from the harbors and
rivers of the United States; also, what proportion
of such appropriation has been expended in
dredging operations, including all expenses of such
operations; also, the average cost per cubic yard
in removing such obstructions.
Mr. DIX moved the postponement of the prior
orders of the day, in order to take up the Senate
bill making alterations in the pay department of
the army, which had been sent from the House
with sundry amendments, which, being disagreed
to by the Senate .had been insisted upon by the
House, who had appointed a committee of confer-
ence upon the disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
The motion to take up was agreed to.
Mr. D. then moved the appointment by the
Chair of a committee of conference on the part of
the Senate; which motion being agreed to—-
The PRESIDENT nominated Senators Dix,
Johnson, of Maryland, and Houston, as said
committee.
THE WAR WITH MEXICO.
Mr. DIX then moved to take up the bill supple-
mental to the act providing for the prosecution of
the war with Mexico.
Mr. WEBSTER. The appropriate hour would
be one o'clock.
Mr. DIX said the bill had already been there
five days, during which he had made several inef-
fectual attempts to have the amendments of the
House considered. There were now twenty-one
regiments on the Rio Grande, and the bill ought to
be disposed of at the earliest possible period.
Mr. WEBSTER did not desire to be consider-
ed us opposed to the bill, but he was against taking
up important measures and disposing of th6m du-
ring the morning hour, which was appropriated to
