1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
955
done, he admitted that this was a difficult and im-
practicable scheme.
But when we were called "upon fur taxation, for
the purpose of carrying on a war, a division in
every state jn the Union was not found so difficult;
and there was no point in the Union which was
not written down for the purpose of raising men to
go and fight. Even his State had been called tipon
to the extent-of five thousand five hundred men,
while the officers to command these men, which
were taken from his State, were raised to the enor-
mous aggregate of a second lieutenant! and that a
man who ought not to have been appointed—not
because he was not competent, but for other good
reasons ■
Mr. S. ADAMS made a remark to Mr. R-,
which was not heard by the reporter.
_ Mr. II AT HP, TIN (continuing) said, while thirty-
six or forty officers were raised fbr the officering
of new regiments, and while New York was at
least as much entitled to receive a fair share as any
other State from the present Administration, she
liad received one—a second lieutenant. He did
not complain; lie had no candidate to offer to the
President, or to anybody else. But while they had
this one officer, they were not forgotten to be called
upon for their full share of men to be raised, and
of money.
But this was a small matter, he was told. A
small matter! The distribution of 700 officers at
the seat of government. They were paid by the
people for the discharge of duties assigned them
for the people at large, and Mr. R. alluded to some
of the reasons why they should be taken, not from
the seat of government, and the States immediately
adjoining, but from the whole Union; the beneficial
efleets which would result from bringing together
persons from every congressional district m the
Union, who would become acquainted with each
other's notions, feelings, habits, prejudices, &c.,
and returning home, would explain, and, if need
be, apologise1 for them, and remove the prejudices
existing in the Worth, South, East, and West,
and thereby tend to cement the great body of the
confederacy by this little matter of offices.
As a mere matter of dollars and cents, it was
small, he admitted; but if it was desirable to one
portion it was desirable to all portions of the
Union.
Again: its effect would be to disseminate informa-
tion m legard to the mode in which public business
is done, how frauds were committed, by what men,
how they can be reached, and the abuses correct-
ed, &c. This might be a small matter to gentle-
men who look above and aoa? aloft beyond the
ordinary reach of mind; but there were a thousand
- reasons lurking in every branch of the departments
which indicate..that the. correction of these abuses
ies in bringing here men honest and fresh from
the people, and sending them back to the people
at proper intervals. Why, there were men here
(he imputed "no want of proper motives to them)
who came with the Government from Philadel-
phia 1 He asked gentlemen if they believed that
men who had been in office forty or fifty years
were fit longer to remain there? They were told
yesterday if a man could remain about this House
ten or fifteen years and remain honest, he must be
a saint indeed; tried by this rule he thought the
departments would furnish but few saints of those
who had remained so long in office.
Although someslight difficulties might arise from
so frequent changes, yet he contended that they
were counterbalanced by the safety, the prevention
of fraud, the equalization of labor, and the ieduc-
tion of clerks to a proper number, which would
result.
There were other reasons: the very moment a I
resolution passed this House, and the Judiciary
Committee, in obedience to it, drew and reported
this bill, not only was that committee attacked in
scurrilous pamphlets, but in anonymous, abusive,
blackguard letters, from these miserable miscre-
ants that have fallen unworthily upon the public
treasury, and are sapping and mining it without
rendering any benefit to the Government. He
desired to see these miserable degraded vermin
driven out, and wholesome, sound men—men who
still retained the impress of the image of their Ma-
ker, from the different portions, of the Union, sub-
stituted for them. He wished the offices no longer
to be filled by those who go from the grogshop
and the gambler's shop only at irregular times to
their offices, but he wished to see there men from
different portions of the Union, who come recom-
mended as qualified for their stations by strictness,
honesty, integrity, and industry. This was what
he wanted them for; not with their black gloves,
canes, &c., to be lying about gambling rooms—
not for the purpose of insulting members of this
House for doing what the Souse direct them to
do—not for the purpose of turning censoi-s of pub-
lic opinion—not for assailing the Secretary of
War, of the Navy, and every other secretary who
dai-es lisp a word about economy. No-, we want-
ed laborers, not lecturers—servants, not superiors.
Not those who should superintend M. Cs. and
Secretaries, but those who would do the work for
which they were employed and paid. And hon-
est, faithful men had no reason to fear an unjust
application of the doctrine of proscription. The
honest, industrious men, who performed their duty
faithfully, were not the men who complained, but
the miserable scum who, unable, incompetent, or
too idle to make a living in other ways, come here
as to the great pauper-house of the nation, to
feed and clothe at public expense—rto abuse those
who clothe and feed them, and are yet unwilling
to work any proportion of their time. If it was
not practicable to go into the different congression-
al districts, let. us go into the States, andlet those
who are appointed remember, that after reasona-
ble terms of clerkship, they are to go home, and
live at their own expense, and not eternally at the
expense of the Government.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, (Mr. D. yielding
the floor,) said, as the gentleman from New York
had reported this bill, he would like to have him
point out to the committee where these irregulari-
ties and improprieties had taken place; where the
distribution of the offices had been so grossly mis-
managed and neglected; Eind the States which had
been overdrawn and underdrawn from. Specific
information would be more agreeable to hear than
this fulsome declamation.
Mr. IIATJIBUN said ho had not risen for the
purpose of going into the details of what States had
received too many and what States too few, or for
the purpose of complaining that he had not got
what he asked for from the Executive.
Mr. HOUSTON did not chnrge this upon the
gentleman. He desired what he had asked for as
information upon which to regulate his action; and
he wished the honorable gentleman from New
York, who certainly had the information, to submit
it to tli.e House.
Mr. ItATHBUN replied that he knew several
gentlemen who had this information, which they
were ready to communicate to the House; he had
it not so minutely. But he had risen with the
view of replying to the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Douglass,] whether this was a serious mat-
ter or a farce. He (Mr. R.) was in favor of
making it a serious matter, and of passing this
bill.
Mr. SAWYER obtained the floor, but yielded
at request to
Mr. DOUGLASS, who said he had only to say
in reply to the gentleman from New York |Mr.
Rathbun,] who seemed irritated by his (Mr. i).'s]
remarks, and who had been so intolerably severe
on him [Mr. D.] as to say there were some men
who soared so high aloft, that they could not at-
tend to small matters,—that there weie some mat-
ters so small that he could not himself [the remain-
der of the sentence was lost to the reporter.] Mr.
D. made no personal application of any remark of
his; the gentleman seemed desirous to make a per-
"sonal application of his remarks, and m reply Mr. j
D. could only say that among the small matters—.
so small that he could not descend to them—was
to bring a member of his own family here and palm
him off on a menial service, as a pensioner of this
House, and then, after that, to get up and complain
that they had not got their share of those thus pen-
sioned.
Mr. RATHBUN (Mr. Sawyer further yield-
ing) said he was not surprised at the remarks of the
gentleman from Illinois, nor would he be surprised
at anything he could say 
Mr. DOUGLASS. Nor I at anything the gen-
tleman froiti New York can do.
Mr. RATHBUN (continuing.) A man sohappy
that God made him just as he has, may be expect-
ed to say just such things.
. One word (continued Mr. R.) in regard to the
imputation of my bringing my son to "VVashington,
and putting him into a menial service. He would
not tell the gentleman it was not true, as that might
not be so agreeable. But he would state what the
facts were which, perhaps, would answer the gen-
tleman's purpose as well.. That his son was at
Washington, was true; that he was of age, was
equally true; that he sought his own employment,
was equally true; that he did not come with him,
(Mr. R.,) but more than a month in advance, was
equally true; that he remained something like a
month in employment, was true; and, from that
time down to the present that he had been out of
employment, was equally true. If there was any
sin in that, his portion of it, Mr. R. was always
ready to bear. Men are considered of age at twenty-
one years; but somtimesa man may live to be one
hundred years of age, and yet nobody would sup-
pose he was of age.,
Mr. DOUGLASS wished to say, in regard to
the gentleman's son, that he cast no imputation
upon him; he (Mr. D.) was not acquainted with
him. But what Mr. D. had thought, was this—
thatamember thus delicately situated, in describing
these men that came to Washington, as to the great
pauper-house of the nation—abandoned characters
hanging on for office—a disgrace to the nation when
they got here—that a member thus situated ought
to have had a little more delicacy for his own son,
than to have classed him in such a category.
Mr. SAWYER resumed the floor, and proceed-
ed in a course of remark which attracted the
marked attention and not a little merriment in the
committee.
He remarked that he had been with some anxiety
trying to get this bill up ever since the first of the
session) and he rejoiced that they had finally reach-
ed it to-day—through a great deal of tribulation,
too. Now, I ask nothing (said Mr. S.) but what
is dearly right, and what we shall be able to show
is right. 1 am not at all surprised at seeing an op-
position from certain quarters; for the moment this
hill was brought up, the Representatives from the
" Ancient Dominion" appeared to bo all in motion,
as well as certain other gentlemen on this floor. 1
will explain before I get through why it is by facts
and figures; and I will also give the reasons why
the gentleman from Illinois is opposed to it. It will
be recollected, if I understand right, that the gen-
tleman from Illinois is a bachelor. [General laugh-
ter.]
Mr. W. HUNT called the gentleman to order.
Mr. DOUGLASS. I hope not on so delicate a
point. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. SAWYER (resuming) proceeded to say
that the gentleman's associations with some in this
city whose solicitation had been used for his vote
and influence to prevent the passage of this bill,
might be one reason for the course he saw fit to
lake against it. Mr. S. had remarked that he had
some proof in relation to this branch of the subject,
which would probably enable the House to see the
bearing of this remark.
He now proceeded to the grave part of the sub-
ject. He quoted the authority ofGeneral Jackson;
he had here a book which contained a message of
General Jackson, from which he wished the Clerk
to read an extract on this subject.
The Clerk read as follows:
" The) '• lire perhaps few men who can for any great length
of time enjoy office and powei without being more or less
under the influence of feelings untavoi able to the faithful
discharge of their public duties. Their integrity may be
proof against improper considerations immediately addiess-
cd to themselves; but they are apt to acquire a habit of
looking with indifference upon the public interests, and of
toleiatinir conduct from which an unpractised man would
revolt. Office is consldeied as a species of property; and
government rather as a means of promoting individual in-
terest, than as an instrument creatcd solely for the service
of the people. Coiruption in some, and in others a perver-
sion of coirect feelings and principles, divert government
from its legitimate ends, and make it an engine for the sup-
port of the few at the expense of the many. The dunes of
all public officers aie, or, at least, admit of being made so
plain and simple, that men of intelligence may readily qual-
ify themselves for their performance ; and I cannot but be-
hove that more is lost by the long continuance of men in
office than is generally to be gained by their experience. Z
submit, therefore, to your consideration, whether the effi-
ciency of the Government would not be promoted, and
official industry and integrity better secured by a general
extension of the law which limits appointments to four
years.
" In a country where offices are created solely for the ] n-
cfit of the people, no one man has any more intrinsic right
to official station than another. Offices were not established
to give support to particular men at rlie public expense. No
individual Wrong is, therefore, done by removal, since neither
appointment to nor continuance in office is matter of rHit.
The incumbent became an officer with a view to the public
benefits ; and when these require his removal, they me not
to be saciificed to private interests. It is the people, and
