1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
957
cate for the winds of Heaven to blow upon them;
they dress themselves up in mourning; they plead
poverty; they go to the Secretary and kneel in his
presence, and ask their brother to be appointed to
save them from starvation. The next thing you
hear is, that Secretary Walker is published in the
newspapers as having done a magnanimous act in
appointing the brother or son of the husband of a
destitute widow, who was in office,all his life. It
is called charity, and this act is puffed in the news-
papers. And when they have served- out their
time, and the children's children come up to ask
for their places, their claim will be tenfold stronger,
because their grandfathers had these offices, and
they died poor. These are the means resorted to:
when the men fail, then it is they send their wives
and sisters to appeal for them. I spealc from the
book. Sir, I despise this servile, crawling syco-
phancy that infests this place. I expect their con-
demnation, taunts, and bitter sarcasm to fall upon
me thick and fast. I am accustomed to it. I have
a bushel of letters now in my possession—of anon-
ymous, scurrilous letters, sent forth from pusilam-
mous cowards—from persons that have not the
magnanimity, the moral courage, to step forward
and tell me of the evils tUcy charge I have done,
or am about to do; but who, like assassins, stab
in the dark.' It is a poor satisfaction, sir. Sir,
for every speech I have made at this session of
Congress, I have received a shower of this kind of
abuse; and for my last effort on the West Point
Academy, and for my exposition of the scanda-
lous, damnable corruption now going on in the
army and navy, and of West Point favoritism, I
have received a perfect shower of abusive, black-
guard , scurrilous letters. Now, if those who write
such documents suppose I nm to be deterred by
them from the correct discharge of my duty, they
■very much mistake the man; and I tell you now,
they are cowardly assassins; they are persons who,
if they had the moral courage, if they could screw
themselves up to that pitch, would assassinate a
man in the street at night; but they have not that
courage, and all they can do is to write an abusive,
anonymous letter; and, lest the world should not
get hold of it, tliey will direct it to another person
for him to forward after he has read it.
I do not stand alone in this respect, Mr. Chair-
man. 1 can point to adozen individuals who have
shared the same fate both in this House and the
Senate. If 1 were to pursue a different course,
and advocate this foul c.orruption, practising every
day, at the expense of my constituents; if I were
to meet the views of these pampered minions of
power, I should not be treated in. this'way. No;
I should be taken into their embrace, and hailed
fellow well met. But I choose to do my duty to
my constituents, Mr. S. referred, as a similar
case, to the fact-, that when Mr. Secretary Ban-
croft, a short time ago, made his report, specify-
ing certain abuses in the Navy Department, which
could be corrected, certain sinecure offices which
could be lopped off, &c., there was soon after a
scurrilous anonymous pamphlet laid oil the tables
of members of this House. Those things (he
said) pretended to emanate from different parts of
the Union—from Baltimore, Philadelphia, New
York, the extreme West, and the extreme East—
but many of them written with the same pen, and
by the same hand, but sent to different points, and
published in different papers, for the purpose of
making it appear that the whole country was in
arms against Mr. Bancroft. They originated,
however, with the same servile sycophantic drone,
who had lived all his life at the same stall, and
who was afraid now that his fodder was to be cut
off.
All that the friends,of the bill ask (Mr. S. pro-
ceeded to say) is, that we may be placed on an
equal footing with the other States of this Union.
He would ask the gentleman from Virginia, (Mr.
Dromgoole,) who was so much excited this
morning, suppose the state of things was revers-
ed, and that the States of Ohio, Georgia, Missis-
sippi, or Alabama, or New York, even, held all
the offices, and his State held none of them, would
they not be loud in their clamors against us for
holding these places, arid denounce us illiberal?
Whenever an office is vacant in this city, those
persons in Virginia, Maryland, and the places ad*
jacent, have their men in each of the departments
to give them the information when the vacancy is
about to take place, and you can see them en masse
going up and asking them to be filled by applicants
from Virginia, Maryland, or the District of Co-
lumbia.
Gentlemen undertook to [make a burlesque of
this bill, and ask them whether they were in ear-
nest. They knew they were in earnest in bring-
ing it up; and Mr. S. believed there was a majority
in this House sufficient to pass it. He believed it
would gain strength; he appealed to gentlemen—
to their sense of justice—to his friend from South
Carolina, [Mr. Holmes,] and to his friend from
Virginia, [Mr. Dromgooi.e]—and he asked them
if it was just that Maryland, Virginia, and the
District of Columbia, should monopolize these
offices, to the exclusion of other States of the
Union ?
Some remark was made by Mr. HOLMES and
Mr. DROMGOOLE, (which the reporter did not
hear,) but Mr. D. was understood to refer to the
fact that Ohio did not cast her electoral vote for
Mr. Polk, and therefore the gentleman, on his own
principle, should not press his claim for a portion
of the " spoils."
Mr. SAWYER (resuming) said that Ohio, not-
withstanding, had given more democratic votes—
almost two to one—than those given by Virginia;
the gentleman, then, instead of wishing to keep
two-thirds of all the offices, would please to divide
one-half with them.
Sir, (said Mr. S.,) I do not claim that this bill
shall pass for the purpose of giving offices to Ohio
or other States, but for the simple reason that it is
strictly right in itself. And nothing less than equal
and exact justice to all is right; that is the doc-
trine laid down by the gentleman's [Mr. Drom-
gooi.e's] political patron Paint, Thomas Jefferson:
"Equal and exact justice to all—exclusive privi-
leges to none;" but now the gentleman is advo-
cating the doctrine of giving to his own State, anil
one or two others, all the offices, and excluding
everybody else ! Now, if we can succeed in bring-
ing about this equality, we shall have attained a
great end; and I shall not have to go to my con-
stituents and say I have no influence with the
President, (which is now too true.) It is true,
as the gentleman from Illinois says, that the Pres-
ident does not meddle with these small offices. 1
wish Ihey were in the hnntls of the President; I
believe more justice would then be done than we
now have. Hut when we apply to the Secretary
of the Treasury, and certain other secretaries, who
have a majority of Whigs under them, we are
turned away with the answer, they " do not know
anything about it." The time may come when
they will know about it: when we will be heard
on this floor; and the time may come when we
shall be a little more respected than we are now.
On motion, the committee rose and reported.
On a suggestion of Mr. TRURMAN, the House
consented to receive n report from
Mr. OOLLAMF.R, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, in the form of a bill further to extend the
time for locating Virginia military land warrants
and returning the surveys thereon to the General
Land Office.
The bill was read twice by its title.
Mr. A. D. SIMS moved its commitment.
But, ou a request to that effect bv Mr. THUR-
MAN—
The bill was read a third time, and passed.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON, on leave given, and in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill to
creatc a board to ascertain and determine the
amount of each of the claims of the citizens of the
United States against Mexico.
Referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. JEFFERSON DAVIS, on leave given, pre-
sented a memorial (heretofore published in the
papers) of ladies of New York, concerning a re-
port made some time since by Mr. Jas. A. Black,
in relation to the army.
The memorial having been read, was laid on the
table.
And the House adjourned.
The following petitions and memorials were pre-
sented tinder the rule, and referred to the appropri-
ate committees:
- By Mr. HOPKINS: The petition of John Vmii;tian and 72
othprs, citizens of Tennessee and Virginia, praying for the
establishment of a post route from Stock creek, in Scott
county, Virginia, to Lea Valley post office: referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and P<M Road?.
Bv Mr. LA SEEK : The petition of Isaac Johnson, Chailes
Gaynrre, John L, Lewis, M. Mariany, and other citizens of
the State of Louisiana, representing the necessity of j naval
rendezvous for the shipping and- enlisting of seamen, ma-
rines, &c., being established ir. the city of New Orleans: re-
ferred to tbe Committee on Naval Allaiis.
By Mr. McCRATE-: The petition of N. O. Douglass and
Other-eitizens of Oxford county, Maine, asking;the estabhsh-
mentof amail-route in said State: referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. LA SERE: The memorial of the General Assem-
bly of the State of Louisiana,, praying that obstructions in
the Bayou Lafourche, placed there by order of the lerterat
Government, be removed for the purposes of navigation: re-
feneil to tli« Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. TIIIBODEAUX: The memorial of the Legisla-
ture of Louisiana, playing for an appropriation for clearing
out Bayou Lafourche : referred to the Committee on Military
Atfairs. _ , . ,
Bv Mr. LA SERE: Tile petition of Frederick Duzssive,
praying m be confirmed in the purchase of a tiact ofland :
referred to tile Committee on Private Land Claims.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 11, 1846.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, presented the
petition of James F. Soufheroti, asking compensa-
tion for properly destroyed by the enemy during
the late war with Great Britain; which was refer-
red to the Committee of Claims.
PAY DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee of Conference,
appointed yesterday to confer with a like commit-
tee from the House, in relation to the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses upon the bill making al-
terations in the pay department of the army, sub-
mitted a report, recommending as follows:
"That the Senate recede from its disajn cement to the
amendments of the House, with the excephoji of ihe^romo,
by winch additional officers, to he appointed m the pay de-
partment, £*hall eontimie in service only so lorwr as ihe in-
crease of tlit* >ank and lite of the army may be necessary, as
authorized and provided for in an fi'-t passed during the pres-
ent session and that the House recede from so much ofit<?
amendment to the original bill as is contained m the said
proviso.
" Should the recommendation of the conferees he adopted
bv the two House?, the effect will be to substitute for the two
sections of the original bill the following:
"1 That the' President of tho United States be, and he i«?
hereby, authorized, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, to appoint three additional paymasters, to be at-
tached to the pav department of the: army.'
"'Sno.O. mind be it fHither enactrd, That the officers ap-
pointed in vntuo of this act >h,ilj pi-rfoim the same dunes,
receive the same pay and allowances, as the piesentpay-
' masters of tin; army; and shall, m like manner, he subject
to the rules and articles of war; and previous to enteun?
upon the duties of their offices, shall $ive such bonds to tho
United States as the Secretary of War may dneet, for the
faithful performance of their duties.'
" The effect of the foregoing substitute is to strike from
the original bill the provision authorizing the appointment of
an assistant paymaster general, and the provision repealing
so much of the act of 15th May, 1830, as limits the tenure of
the office of paymaster of the army, so that the limitation
Will remain in "full force. Its Author effect j.s to modify tlnj
amendment of the IIou«e, so ns to place the three additional
paymat-teis to be appointed on the same footing as the pay-
masters of the army now in service."
On motion of Mr. D., the Senate considered the
report, and the same was concurred in.
Mr. ATHERTON, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred a resolution to
print 500 copies of a compilation of the existing
pension laws, made a report adverse to the adop-
tion of the resolution; which report was concurred
in, and the question being now upon the resolution,
it was laid upon the table.
Mr. A. also, from the same committee, reported
in favor of the motion to print an additional number
of copies of a memorial from the representatives of
the Society of Friends of New England, praying
the adoption of measures for the perpetuation cTf
peace.
Mr. SEVIER moved that the report be laid upon
the table until the close of the war; which motion
was not agreed to.
The question was then taken upon the adoption
of the report; and the same was concurred in.
Mr. A. also, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred a motion to print 5,000 ad-
ditional copies of the correspondence between the
Governments of the United States and Great Brit-
ain during the years 1840, 1843, 1842, and 1843,
in relation to the right of search; also a copy of
the protest by General Cass, when Minister to
Prance, against the Quintuple Treaty, and the cor-
respondence in relation thereto—reported an amend-
ment providing for the printing of 1,000 copies
only; which amendment was concurred m.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to print as amended, and it was agreed to.
Mr. DICKINSON, from the Committee of
Claims, submitted an adverse report upon the pe-
