1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
950
(Mr. A.) was mistaken in his delaration that there
•was no party in the United States who wanted—
■who desired this Mexican war? He asked the
honorable Senator to answer tha,t question before lie
proceeded further.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON. I will answer the Sen-
ator with great pleasure when he has concluded.
Mr. ALLEN. Very well; the Senater had al-
luded to the documents for the purpose of dis-
proving the fact that the war came contrary to the
■wishes and expectations of the people. How did
he attempt to disprove that ? By reading a part of
the public documents, in which it was said that if
Mexico did so and so, the country would have to
take the matter into its own hands. That was the
proof which the Senator offered to sustain his po-
sition that somebody in the country desired and
expected war! Well, go back to the Presidents'
messages as far back as the time of Mr. Adams,and
they would find that in all relating to the difficul-
ties with Mexico the uniform language was identi-
cal with that referred to in the message of Mr.
Polk. But the Senator said that the army was
ordered to take -up its position on the Rio Grande,
and he quoted from the directions issued to the
commanding general. Well, did he moan to deny
that the Executive of the United States had a right
to send the army to the eastern bank of the Rio
Grande ? Did he mean to assert that, in the cir-
cumstances of the case, that was not a proper
measure? The troops were sent to that part of the
frontier with the express view of preventing war.
It was not imagined that the Mexicans would be
so short-sighted and so stupid as to cross the Rio
Grande. But, not so clear-headed as the American
people, the Mexicans crossed the river, and re-
crossed in part; one portion of them recrossed the
Rio Grande, and the other portion crossed the
Styx. He would undertake to say that there was
not a Senator—there was not a statesman about
the Capitol, whq believed that the Mexican Gov-
ernment would have been so blind, insensible of
their own weakness and the American physical
and moral strength, as to have ordered their army
to cross the river, in the face of three thousand
American troops, if they had not been secretly
backed by Great Britain. For lus own part, lie
did not believe that the Mexicans would have been
stupid enough to cross the river in the (ace of thiee
thousand American troops unless they had some
seciet backing that had not yet appeared. These
precautionary measures, then, to which the Sen-
ator had alluded, were designed to prevent the oc-
currence of war; and the crossing of the river by
the Mexicans, therefore, took everybody by sur-
prise, and imposed.on Congress the indispensable
duty of recognising the existence of the war, and
arming- to repel the invasion. So that war did
come upon the Country contrary to the wishes and
expectations of the people. Mexico was enjoying
the old Spanish prerogative of gasconade, and no
one imagined that she meant to go to war.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON rejoined. He had in-
tended to have corrected the erroneous representa-
tions of the Senator from Ohio yesterday, but had
not been fortunate enough to obtain the floor in
advance of the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Morehead,] and therefore lie had availed himself
of the earliest opportunity which offered to-day
of preventing the error from going abroad. As to
seeking a pretext to make a speech against the
Mexican war, he could easily lind it without
taking up one of the speeches of the Senator from
Ohio.
Mr. ALLEN. I do not wish to be understood
as having used any unkind expression., 1 did not
say, " pretext"—I said "text."
Mr. CLAYTON did not understand the Senator
as speaking unkindly—not at all. Well, then,
when he (Mr. C.) desired a text from which to
speak, in reference to the Mexican war, he could
easily find it in many things besides the remai ks
which fell from the Senator from Ohio. An occa-
sion for denouncing that war would perhaps pre-
sent itself before the end of this session. He had
not been led into it now by the remarks of the Sen-
ator. His (Mr. C.'s) object was simply to correct
the errors of the Senator, who had thus seized
upon a text from which to defend the Mexican war;
and the Senator had indulged himself at full length.
The remarks upon which he had animadverted
were two: first, he (Mr. C.) thought that the Sen-
ator was in error when he denied that any person
on that floor, or that he himself had said that it
was desirable to prepare the hearts of the people
for war. He did not. mean to press it upon the
gentleman, if he would deny it and retract it. He
said he would not retract it. He defended it. All
he (Mr. C.) would say was simply that it would
not be safe for the Senator to refer to any Senator
on that floor—on one side or the other—in order to
seek testimony to sustain him in the denial that he
[Mr. Allen] had repeatedly made the declaration
in question. He [Mr. Allen] was at liberty to
select his own witness, and' whoever that witness
might be, he would answer that the Senator had
again and again made the declaration. But the
Senator indeed persists in it, and avers now that
it; was desirable to prepare the hearts of his coun-
trymen for war. He justified it, because he said
that war had come upon them, whilst at the same
time he asserted that the war had burst upon them
contraiy to all expectation! What! prepare the
hearts of his countrymen for war when nobody ex-
pected war? Were the people, then, to be kept m
continual agitation, as if war actually existed, when
there was no expectation in the mind of any one
that war was approaching? Was the process of
preparing the hearts of the people for war to be
thus kept up unweariedly, although no one expect-
ed war? Why surely 
Mr. ALLEN. 1 want this thing put right. I
spoke of the Mexican war as being not apprehend-
ed. It was when the Oregon question was up, and
the opposite side declared that if we did not give up
Oregon the British would fight us, that the declara-
tion was made.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON proceeded. He would
indulge the Senator with great pleasure in all his
explanations. But after all, he had not yet made
the case perfectly clear. The Senator had said that
when ho made the declaration he was speaking in
regard to the war with England for Oregon. Well,
he (Mr. C.) cared not in reference to what subject
the declaration was made. He believed that it was
not at all the proper duty of members of Congress
to prepare the heaits of the people for war. It was
the part of the people to prepare the hearts of their
representatives for war. Blithe (Mr. C.) depre-
cated the preparation of the hearts of the people for
war by violent and declamatory tirades, and he was
very glad to be able to add, that such tirades were
deprecated as sincerely by gentlemen on the oppo-
site side of the chamber—the political friends of
the Senator from Ohio himself. When war came,
the hearts of the people would be fully prepared.
The patriotic impulses of the American heart did
not need to be fanned into vitality by windy decla-
mation. There was a living tlame in the hearts of
the American people from which, when the hour of
trial came, even Senatorial patriotism might fitly
borrow. But the Senator from Ohio having seized
upon his (Mr. C.'s) reniaiks—lemarks made with
the single object of correcting the cirors of the
Senator—as a text from which to discuss the Mex-
ican war, had made some observations which de-
manded con-cction, or rather it was necessary to re-
mind the Senator of some things which lie (Mr.
C.) had read from the documents, without com-
menting upon them, inasmuch as their meaning
and bearing appeared to bo perfectly obvious to
every capacity. It was conclusively shown by
those documents, that so far back as the month of
January last, the Executive of the United States
did anticipate war. The Secretary of State dis-
tinctly stated that, in case of the rejection of the
United States'minister by Mexico, it would be the
duty of the country to avenge itself—in other woids,
that war'mtist come. And in the letter of the 20th
January, Mr. Buchanan tells Mr. Slidell—in an-
ticipation of the final refusal of the Mexican Gov-
ernment to receive him—that he had ordered the
army ill Texas to move on to the Rio Grande. If,
after that evidence, the Senator from Ohio still per-
sisted ill the asseition that, the Government of the
United States (lid not expect war, he (Mr. C.)
would hardly know what to say; but when he
[Mr. Allen] spoke, he must speak by the docu-
ments. It was not by general declamation that
anything was to be established on one side or
the other. He (Mr. C.) pointed to the testimony
of the documents; and he said that it proved con-
clusively that so far back as the 20th of January
the Executive of the United States did expect war,
and from their own language must have considered
it as almost inevitable, when they ordered Taylor
to move to the Rio Grande and take up his position
in front of Matamoros, and at his discretion to pass
to the other side of the river, and carry the war
into Mexico. The whole point of war or no war
was made to depend oil the single circumstance of
the reception or rejection of the minister sent by
the United States. As he (Mr*. C.) had said, he
would not go into the discussion of the question
now; but he would say that it did appear from the
documents themselves that the Mexican Govern-
ment were desirous to receive a commission ad hoc
to settle all the boundaries between the United
States and Mexico; that they held out every in-
ducement to believe that if a commissioner or com-
missioners were sent, the question of boundaries
between the two countries could have been satisfac-
torily settled without a war, and that the United
States Government refused to send the commis-
sioner which Mexico desired, sending, in the face
of all the evidence of the wishes of Mexico, a min-
ister, upon the rejection of whom, the troops were
ordered to march upon the Rio Grande, and take
up their position within a few hundred yards of the
Mexican town of Matomoros. His (Mr. C.'s)
object, however, was merely to correct the errors
of the Senator from Ohio. The Senator appeared
to think that his remarks were of no sort of im-
portance. The gentleman was quite too modest.
He entirely undervalued his own importance as a
Senator of the United States, not to speak about his
being chairman of the Committee of Foreign Re-
lations. He occupied a semi-official position with
regard to the Executive; and when in that charac-
ter he announced to the world that the war with
Mexico had burst upon them contrary to the
wishes and expectations of all, he (Mr. C.) deemed
it his duty to correct the Senator, and to place the
matter in its true light.
[A message was received from the House of
Representatives, announcing that said House had
concurred in the report of the committee of con-
ference upon the bill making alterations in the pay
department of the army. Also, that said House
had passed a bill further to extend the time fur
locating Virginia military land warrants, and re-
turning the surveys thereof to the General Land
Office.]
Mr. ARCHER said that lie would vote for the
amendment to the amendment, and would then
vote against the amendment as amended, provided
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Dix] anu lus
friends would vote in favor of the amendment
submitted by the gentleman from Connecticut,
[Mr. Huntington.] If they would not go for the
latter amendment, he (Mr. A.) and his friends
would be obliged to maintain their- independent
position.
Mr. JOHNSON, of.Maryland, said, in explana-
tion of the vote he was about to give, that, though
he concurred in the principle which the amend-
ment involved, he thought it was improper to ap-
ply it to this bill alone. There was not now suffi-
cient time for discussing that principle.
Mr. CALHOUN expressed the sai'ne view, and
added that he did not consider it the proper time to
provide for the reduction of the army at all.
The question was taken on the amendment by
yeas and nays, and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Berrien, Thomas Clayton, John
M. Clajton, Corwin, Davi=, Dayton, Greene, Huntington,
Jarnrtgiri, Johnson of Louisiana, Mansrum, Miller, More
head, Pearce, Phelps, Simmons, Upham, Webster, and
Woodlirnlge—20.
NAYri—Mess-rs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atheiton, Bag-
bv, Henton, Brees-e, Calhoun. Cameion, Cass, Chalmers,
Colquitt, Dickinson, l)i.\, Fairfield, Haunegan, Haywood,
Houston, Jeamvs, Johnson of Maryland, T.'jv.-r., McDiuIii-,
Niins, IVmiyhaoker, Rusk, Seinple, Sovier, Speight, Stur-
geon, Tuiney, and Yulee—31.
So the amendment was not agreed to. The
next amendment being under consideration, rela-
tive to the reduction of the number of officers, &c.,
at the close of the Mexican war—
Mr. ALLEN moved to amend the amendment,
by striking out the words " termination of the war
with Mexico," and inserting " the restoration of
peacc."
Mr. HANNEGAN. Will the Senator from
Ohio be good enough to tell us from what quarter
he expects another war ?
Mr. ALLEN replied that he wished to guard
against the disbanding of the army in the midst of
a war with Great Britain if it should occur. He
did not know whether any other war would be
spliced on to this Mexican war; but he stated yes-
terday that these events were hurrying upon them.
They did not expect a war with Mexico sixty
