960
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11.
hours before it was declared. That was all he had
to say.
The question being then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Allen , it was not agreed to.
Mr. ARCHER moved to amend the amendment,
by striking out all that part of it which directs the
manner m which the reduction provided for in the
SfHito section should be madej and the question
beiiiij taken thereon, it was disagreed to.
The question recurring upon a concurrence with
the origin.nl amendment of the House,
Mr.=ATClllSON asked for the yeas and nays,
which were oideied, and, being called, resulted as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alton, Atciiison, Brrese, Cameron, Cass,
Fanlk'kl, H.umegan, aiSeiup.^, Sevier, fSuugeoii, and
TU.im-\ - 13.
.AiCher, Ashley, Atbeiton, IJagby, Ben-
ton, Beincu, Calhoun, <Jhaliuci>. Thomas Clavlon, Joint
M. (Jl.ivton, Co'quitt, Coivun, Davit,, Dayton, Dickinson,
Di\, Gi'riir, Uaj wood, JIuu-,ton, Huntington, J.tiii«i>>in.
Jennet. Joiin.-oii ol Man land, Johnson of Loui lana, Lew-
is. MoDuino, Mangnm, Millar, Morelnad, P<aice, Penny-
b.u Lei, l-Mh'lp*, Husk, Simmons,Speight, Uphum, \Vub Ur.
Woodin HLf, and Yuioo—oJ.
The next amendment, by the House, was read
as follows:
After section five, insert the following new sec-
tion, to he numbered six:
S^o. 6. Jltvl he it Jurthcr enacted, That the President of
The United ►Slates 1) -.and licit-ny is, aaiiion/.i d to appoint as
many additional a^i-tanl ad.uuat general-', not exceeding
tout," tin; snuce niaj leifune; who sliaJI be appointed
in the same manuei, have tint same biewt rank, pay, and
emolument-. «iud be chafed wiflt the r-nme as those
now autlioiizcd bylaw: iVowW, That ;he«e additional
appointment* s-lmll continue only so long a> the exigencies
ol the senu'O may n nder neces-im.
Mr. D1X corrected a statement made by him
yesterday, to the effect ihcit the cumimttec were in
f'.ivoi of the rejection of all the amendments, and
moved that the one under consideration should be
agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, moved to amend
the amendment hy inserting after the word "ap-
pointed," the words " by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate;" which motion was agreed
to, and the amendment, as amended, was then
adopted.
Mr. HANNEGAN moved a reconsideration of
the vote by which the Senate yesterday refused to
agree to the first amendment of the House; which
motion was agreed to.
The amendment was then read, and is as fol-
lows:
" Smke out in the first section of tiie bill the woid "two"'
fm.ijoi geneiaK] and insert ihe word u one;'1 and stuke
out tne oicl '• Jour" [bniradier genomic] and uii-eit<l two.-"
The question upon ngrecmg to the amendment
was about to be put, by the Chair, when
Mr. JOHNSON, ol Maryland, called for a divis-
ion of the question.
The PRESIDENT stated that the question was
not susceptible of division.
M r. W ESTCOTT made some remarks in expla-
nation of an observation which he made yesterday,
and which appeared to be misunderstood by some.
His meaning was, that he would not receive any
recommendation from the Executive unless it came
m black and white. A mete suggestion that any
measure was a Government measure would not
hove weight with him.
Mr. DiX remaiked, that he had merely stated a
iact—that, the Executive regarded that number of
oiHcers as neccssary.
Mr. IlANNEGAN" asked if there was any writ-
ten communication from the Executive to that
effect/
Mr. DIX replied in the negative.
Mr. liANNEGAN thought that a mere % erbal
communication was not entitled to weight.
Mi. DIX stated that there had been a consulta-
tion with the proper department, and that the bill
was prepared by that depaitment.
Mr. SEVIER added that lie hoped ihe Senators
from Florida and Indiana would not insist on the
necessity of a formal communication from the Ex-
ecutive on this portion ot' the bill. The uniform
practice had been to hame bills ol such a character
alter a free conference with the department.
Mr. HANNEGAN said lie had not designed to
cast any discredit on the veracity of ihe Senator
from New York. But he (Mr. 1~J.) was looking
to the time when the bill of costs was to be footed
up and paid, and a pietty heavy bill it would bo;
and when he, amongst others, would be asked why
he had agreed to incur such vast expenses. He
desired it to be placed on the record, so that the
people could see that the measure had originated
with him whom the people had placed at the head
of the Government, and who conducted the war.
He wished it to be known that it had not been the
result of his (Mr. H.'s) voluntary will; and to be
able to reply, when asked how it happened that he
had voted to involve the country in a war of such
heavy expenditure, that he had only voted in com-
pliance with the requisition of the President of the
people. He was ready at all times to assume the
share of responsibility which properly attached to
him. But he desired to see responsibility fairly
divided, and was unwilling that the weight of ih-
curnng the cost of carrying on the war should be
cast wholly upon Congress.
Aftersoinc further remarks from Messrs.WEST-
COTT, SEVIER, DAYTON, and HOUSTON,
the question was taken upon agreeing to the amend-
ment; and the yeas and nays being asked for, were
ordered, and, being taken, resulted as follows:
YEArf—Mes is. Arehei, Atchison, Berucn,Breese,Cam-
ei on, Thomas Clayton, John M. Clayton, Corwiu, Davis,
Da>ton, Fairfield, Greene, flunnei an, Huntington, John-
son ol Louisiana, iVlangum, Miller, Morehuad, NiJes, jpeanv,
Phelp-, temple, Simmons, Upham, We&teoit, and Wood-
hiid^e—'2(5.
NAYS—Messrs. Ashley, Athcrton, Bagby, Benton, Cal-
houn, Chalmers, Co^puti, Dickinson, lhx, Haywood, Hous-
ton. Jjiuioss, JomiaOii of i\Iar>land, Lewi*, MoOutiie, Pen-
ny!} icker, llusii, tfevier, sSpught, Sturgeon, Tuino), and
Vuloo—2J.
50 the amendment was agreed to.
[Seveia.1 messages in writing were received from
the President of the United States, by the hands of
Mr. N. P. 'Prist.]
The next amendment, by the House, was then
read as follows:
Strike out all after the word " army/' in the 7th
section, and insert:
"Piomlfl, That no officer shall hold a commission in
s-aid di paitment ot the iunk of niajoi, or higher, und at the
same tune raam a comnn«Mon ill tne hue."
i The question being taken upon this amendment,
it was disagreed to.
The next amendment by the House, which was
then read, simply inserts Uie word ''oflieer," which
had inadvertently been omitted; and, the question
being taken on its adoption, it was agreed to.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
next amendment; which was read, as follows:
After the eleventh section, insert the following
additional section:
See. 19 ,/lndhc it JurLher enacted, That the Pio-ddont of
the United States he, and he is lioieh), authoii/,cd and di-
rected to cau-e snoli number ol lnlauttv, cavalry, and ainl-
lei^ taeiu  , and g.-nei.d regulations ol tne <\rinj, ds lriay be
im ces-ai} tui the nisti uetion and information oi the volun-
teer toic>i called into the service ol tne United Stale:*,or or-
dered'to hold themselves m leadincss lor that setvice, to be
piocuu d and dKtiibutod for their u^e, und that the same be
paid loi out ot any money in the tieasury not otherwise ap-
propiiated.
The question being taken upon this amendment,
it was disagreed to.
The next amendment consisted in the insertion
of the following additional section, which was read:
51 c. 13. And be it further cvaclcd, That the operation of
the act approved May twenty-nine, eighteen hundred and
tiuity, eninled "An act to aitei and amend the sixty fifth
attieie oi the first section of an act entitled An act lor estab-
lishing ruled and articles for the gosurnmcnl ot the United
States army, passed tenth of April, one thousand eight hun-
dred and ma, 5 he, and the &anie is heieby, suspended during
the war with Me_vieo.
The question being taken upon the latter amend-
I ment, it was disagreed to.
i The next amendment, consisting in the introduc-
| tion of the following additional section, was read,
; and disagreed to: *
See 14 .find 1 c \t further enacted, That to the uiles and
ailicles toi the government of the ai in les oi the United States.,
ej>tai..|j!alicd by the above iccited act, in the first section of
the Sialic ihi ic bluih be addeil the lollowmg:
Akticle 1u^. Any ojficei. or soldier, <ji any oilier of the
peisons described oi enum-rated m the sixtieth, ninety-
sixt!', and ninety-seventh ot the s-aid e-ta!)!ished atticles, and
nt geuciai all othei follow ois of a camp or muiy of the United
Slates, when any such anny shall be «(t\iug beyond the
limits of the United Stat's, and their oiganizud teintonal
governni'.nts, may lie t'i< d, and capitally or otherwise pun-
i-hed. hy sentence ol a g-neral roint-mautal, according to
tiie natuie and deg.ee ot the ofFuice, foi any rnuider or
otiiei leiony eoinniiLtc d nj.on the peison or pioperty of any
ot'tne p^r«on< heiem uirluded, or upon tiie p^i on oi piop-
erty of any ol the people of the country beyond the saiu geo-
graphical ol judicial limits.
i The next amendment, being the following new
| section, was next considered:
i Sec. 15. Jlud be it further enacted, Thatfiom and after the
j passage of tlu^ act, no oificei m tiie aimy of tiie United
States, not actually engaged m prose cutmg or aiding m ear-
rylngon hostilities against the public enemy, shall be entitled
to receive more than eight rations per day, or commutation
therefor.
Mr. BENTON hoped that -now that the army
had shown what it could do, Congress would cease
attacking it, its provisions, clothing, and all appro-
priations necessary to meet emergencies. He
hoped the army would be left,to the attacks of the
enemy alone. ...
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was disagreed to.
The next and last amendment, which was the
addition of the following-new section, was then
considered and disagreed to:
Sec. 16. And be it farther enact ei, That when any officer
of the army shall make a requisition upon the.Executive of
any State, for militia or volunteers, to be employed in the
service of the United States, it shall be the duty "of the of-
ficer to communicate to the said Executive a copy of so
much of his instructions as contains the authority under
which he acts, and all calls otherwise made shall be disre-
gaidcd.
GENERAL GAINES'S CALL FOR TROOPS.
A message from the President of the United
States, transmitting additional correspondence in
relation to the "call by General Gaines for volun-
teers, was read; and, <• *
On motion of Mr. WEBSTER, it was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. ATHERTON, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred the motion to
print 5>000 additional copies of the constitution
of Iowa, reported adversely thereon. The motion
to print was then, on motion of Mr. A., laid upon
the table.
The bill received from the House to-day, in
relation to extending the time for locating Vir-
ginia military land warrants, &c.?^was read twice,
and referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
On motion of Mr. MANGUM, the Senate then
proceeded to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness-, and at four o'clock the doors were again
opened, and
The Senate adjourned.
' HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, June 11, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
The SPEAKER announced the business first in
order to be the resolution heretofore reported by
Mr. Gordon, from the select committee on the sub-
ject of the distribution of the 10th volume of the
Laws of the United Slates.
On which resolution Mr. WINTHROP was en-
titled to the floor.
Mr. SAWYER, on leave, made a personal ex-
planation in relation to the statement in a repub-
lished speech of Mr. Stewart, that but six Dem-
ocrats voted in the House for the proposition to
increase the pay of volunteers to $10 a month, and
but five Whigs against it. He denied this to be
the fact, and referred to the Journal to show that on
the only recorded vote taken on this question, on
an amendment to the war bill proposing this in-
crease of pay to $10 a month, sixty-three. Democrats
voted for it, and 44 Whigs for it; 56 Democrats
against it, and 28 Whigs. And he called on Mr.
Stewart to retract his declaration.
Mr. STEWART (leave being further granted)
declined to retract, and explained the grounds on
which he had made his statement.
THE GOVERNMENT OFFICES.
Mr. G. W. JONES asked leave to submit a mo-
tion that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union be discharged from the further con-
sideration of this bill, (under consideration yester-
day.)
The SPEAKER put the question on the motion
of Mr, Jonhs, and two-thirds not voting in the af-
firmative, it was not received.
Mr. McKAY asked the general consent of the
House to make a report from the Committee of
Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER said that the first business in
order was reports from committees.
Mr. TIBBATTS offered a resolution,providing
that all debate on the above-mentioned bill should
terminate in two houts after it shall again have been
taken up in committee.
