THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED.AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
Mr. PRESTON KING suggested a modification
as to time; but what it was, the reporter could not
learn.
Mr. BOWL1N suggested a substitute proposi-
tion, which limited the time to ten minutes.
Mr. TIBBATTS said he would accept it, if it
were not discourteous to the gentleman who was
entitled to the floor on the subject.
Mr. BOWL1N modified his resolution so as to
read "one hour."
After some conversation on a point of order,
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved that the resolution
be laid on the table.
Mr. TIBBATTS asked the yeas and nays; which
were refused.
The question was then taken, and the vote stood
—ayes 79, noes 70.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
the naval appropriation bill.
Mr. McKAY rose, he said, to make an appeal
to the House. It was well known to its members
that the fiscal year expired on the 30th of the pres-
ent month. The naval appropriation bill had not
yet been acted on, and it was important that it
should be passed before the commencement of the
next fiscal year. He moved, therefore, that the
I-Iouse resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, for the purpose of taking
up the bill.
But Mr. McKAY waived the motion for the
moment.
PAYMASTERS OF THE ARMY.
And Mr. I-IARALSON, from the Committee of
Conference on the disagreeing votes ol the two
Houses on the bill making certain alterations in the
pay department of the army, made the following
repoit:
The Committee of Conference on tlie part of the House of
Representative-; on the vote- ol' the two
House* Oil the hill of the Senate nntilled " An aet malting
alterations in the pay department ot tin- army," lespeet-
lull> icpoit:
That they have met the conferees oil the pint of tile Sen-
ate, and after free and full eonloreiiee on tin: nthjeel of the
said disagreeing votes, have unanimously agreed to recom-
mend and do recommend to the respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from its disagieemcnt to the
amendment of the llouge, with the exception of the proviso
bv Which the additional officers to be appointed ill the pay
department, "shall continue in service only so long as the
increase of the rank and file of the army, may be necessary,
as authorized and provided for In the act passed during the
present sessionand that the House recede Irom so much
of its-amendment to the original bill as is eontamed in said
croviso. Should the recommendation of the conferees be
adopted bv the two Houses, the effect will be to substitute
for the two sections of the original bill the following: 1 bat
the Piesident of the United States be, and he is bcieliy, au-
thorized, by and with the advice ami consent of the Senate,
to appoint three additional paymasters, to be attached to the
pay department of the army. ■ ,
«Seo.&. Jind be-it further enacted, That the officers ap-
pointed in virtue of this act shall peribim the wune duties,
receive the same pay and allowance as the present pay-
master of the army, and shall in like manner be subject to
live rules and articles of war; and previous to entering Upon
the duties of their office shall give such bonds to the United
States as the Secretary of War may diiect, for the faithful
performance of their duties."
The effect of the foregoing substitute is, to strike from the
original bill the provision autlioiizing the appointment ot an
additional paymaster general, and the provision repealing so
much of the act of the 15th of May, 1820, as limits the tenure
of the office of paymasters of the aimy, so that the limita-
tion will remain m full force. Its further efl'eet is to modify
the amendment of the House so as to place these additional
paymasters to be appointed, on the same fbciting as the pay-
masters now in service. J0m(A
SAM. HOUSTON-,
REVEUDY JOHNSON,
Committee on the pari of the Senate.
H. A. HARALSON,
r. McClelland,
E. H. EWINC,
Committee onthe pari of the House.
" Mr. BOYD asked for some explanations, which
were made by Messrs. M. cCLSiL.L A.N D and Mc-
XtAY, and the. latter demanded the previous ques-
tion. , , ,
There was a second. And the mam question
(on concurring ill the report) was ordered to be
n°Mr.ajOSEPH J. McDOWELL asked the yeas
and nays thereon, which were reluscd.
Mr. BOYD asked a division.
But the SPEAKER said that the question must
be taken on concurrence in the report as a whole.
The question was then taken, and by ayes 84,
noes 34, the report was concurred in.
the naval appropriation bill.
On motion of Mr. Mc.KAY, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Hamlin, of Maine, in the chair,)
and took up the bill making appropriations for the
naval service for the year ending on the .10th June,
1847.
The bill having been read through, was taken
up by sections.
The following item being under consideration:
"For pay of commission, warrant, and petty
' officers and seamen, including the engineer corps
' of the navy, two millions five hundred and eighty-
' one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five dol-
' lars."
Mr. McKAY said that since the bill had been
reported, it had become necessary to increase the
amount of this item. By an act of the last Con-
gress the force that the Secretary was authorized
to employ was limited to seven thousand five hun-
dred. In consequence of the existence of a state
of war, the number had been increased to ten thou-
sand. Ithad, therefore, become necessary to make
a corresponding increase in the amount, and lie
moved to strike out the sum as it was, and insert
three millions five hundred and seventy-one thou-
sand seven hundred and thirty-live dollars.
Ho would state, for the information of the com-
mittee, that the number of men employed during
tire last year was smaller than that which had been
employed for several years past. In 1840, the
number was 7,072; m 1841, 7,419; in 1843, 9,784;
in 1813, 10,301; in 1844,8,50.1. .
The number now proposed for the service for
the next fiscal year wns less by three hundred and
twenty-one than the number appropriated for in
1843. , ,
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to. ,
The, following item being under consideration:
" For pay of principal steam engineer, two
thousand five hundred dollars;"
Mr. WHITE inquired of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr. McKay,]
whether there was any officer of this kind known
to the law ?
Mr. McKAY said the. office had been appropri-
ated for for three or four years past.
Mr. WHITE repeated his inquiry, whether
such an officer was provided for by any law of the
United States?
Mr. McKAY repeated that, for the last three
years, an appropriation of the same kind had been
made. ,
Mr. WHITE moved to strike out the item.
A long desultory conversation followed as to the
fact whether there was or was not a law authori-
•/ing the office, in which Messrs. WHITE, DAE-
llAGH, I. R. HOLMES,FARAN, ATKINSON,
RATIIBUN, GRAHAM, TIBBATTS, GOR-
DON, SCHENCK.and STANTON,participated;
when.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF suggested that the item
should be stricken out now, and that if the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means could
find a law by which the office was authorized, the
House, when the bill should come there, might
refuse to concur with tho committee m striking out.
Mr. McKAY acceded to the suggestion,
And the committee having adopted it, the item
was stricken out.
The following item being: under consideration:
" For provisions, including transportation,
' cooperage, and other expenses, six hundred and
' fifty-two thousand three hundred and twenty-
1 ei"ht dollars;"
Mr. WOODWORTH moved an amendment
authorizing the Secretary of the Navy to purchase
provisions for the use of the navy which were per-
ishable in their nature, and not subject to compe-
titions, at such prices, and in such manner as he
New Series....No. 61.
should deem for the best interests of the servicc.
Reilrt6D P KING moved an amendment, by way
of premise, that no spirit rations should be allow-
ed, and that the Secretary of the Navy be autho-
rized and directed to make commutation thereior
in money. Afrreed to.
Mr. McKAY, for the reasons already stated by
him, moved to amend the item by striking out the
same and inserting " eight hundred and sixty-nine
thousand seven hundred and twenty-two dollars.
A/>*rcod to.
" Mr. STANTON, by direction of the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, moved to insert the following
" For computing and publishing, under the >di-
' rection of the Superintendent of the Observatory,
' the American Nautical Almanac, to be: calculated
' for the meridian of Washington city, §5,000.
Mr STANTON explained and advocated the
appropriation. The sale of tho almanac, when
completed and published, would reimburse the
Government for every dollar here proposed to be
appropriated. He referred to an Executive mes-
sage, and quoted a recommendation referring to
the general subject. The observations necessaiy
to furnish the materials for this work had been
already made at the Observatory established here,
and all that now remained necessary to the na-
tion's possessing a nautical almanac of its own
wns, that the requisite calculations from these ob-
servations should be completed, embodied, and
published. It was to provide for this that the item
had been inserted in the bill.
Mr. HOLMES hoped this small sum would
not be refused for so noble a purpose as the con-
struction of a national almanac. We had, at a
vast expense, collected the requisite materials.
We had kept scientific men employed for years,
at an annual expenditure of fifteen or twenty thou-
sand dollars, to make the requisite observations of
tho heavenly bodies; and now, when the materials
were all in our possession, were we going to refuse
the small sum necessary to turn them to account,
and put them practically in the possession of .the
country? After the observations had been made,
corrected, and digested, for a, work of this high
scientific character, were they all to be lost because
Congress would not publish them?
Mr. BROCKENBROUGH asked whether it
wns expected that an American Nautical Almanac
could be obtained that would be more accurate
than tho British Almanac we were now using m
our navy? This was a question which involved
the safety of our entire marine, both warlike and
commercial, besides the lives of multitudes of our
hardy seamen and others traversing the ocean.
The Nautical Almanac of Great Britain was the
production of the most learned and scientific men
in Europe: it was made at a vast cost to the Gov-
ernment. The astronomical observations on which
it was founded were made by different individuals,
as were the tables constructed upon them: these
were then brought together, collated, and corrected;
and still, after all the pains and solicitude to attain
entire accuracy, some mistakes still occurred; and
a vessel relying on any of these erroneous figures,
and directing her course on conclusions founded
on such a basis, might be led into circumstances
of great danger. Wo might have accumulated a
quantity of observations, but the making such an
almanac as that of Great Britain was not a thing
to be done in a day. When we had made one as
good, Mr. B. would be willing to risk the safety
of our navy upon it; but, until then, he would
rather rely on what he knew to be accurate.
Mr. JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL had known,
for some time past, that they had been engaged at
the Observatory in the preparation of a nautical
almanac, with a view to its publication. If it was
now so far forward as to be ready for the press,
Mr. I. would vote for the appropriation with his
whole heart; and so he was sure would every gen-
tleman who regarded the progress of his country
in science, and its reputation and standing as well
abroad as at home. The Observatory established
here by Government (under the legal designation
61
