1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
963
paid for computation to any person who now re-
ceives a salary from the Government."
At the close of the several items of appropria-
tion for the support of the civil establishment at
the several navy yards of the United States, Mr.
MeKAY moved to add the following:
" Provided, That the Se'eretaryof the Navy be
and he is hereby authorized, when in his opinion
the public interest wiil permit it, to discontinue any
of the civil offices and employments herein provi-
ded for at the navy yards, or to discharge the keep-
ers of magazines, and to require their duties to be
performed by gunners."
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL asked Mr. McKay
whether the amendment now proposed by him had
not been rejected in the Committee of Ways and
Means ?
Mr. McKAY replied that it had.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL said that the proviso
liad been proposed in that committee and rejected,
and he hoped the reasons which led to its rejection
there would have the same result in the Committee
of the Whole House. He thought this a most un-
fortnnate and unfit moment for Congress to select
to strike at the interests of those who were filling
stations connected with the navy, and who were
now called to serve their country by every exertion
in their power. We were now at war, and wc did
not know but we might be thrown into an addi-
tional war. The effects of that war might prove
■disastrous, and might put in jeopardy the safety of
our little navy, it was an unpropitious moment
for retrenching, and the item now proposed was,
in his judgment, unnecessary, and therefore unwise.
He thought, in the same view, that it was still
more unfortunate that Congress should have cho-
sen this moment to strike down the allowances for
the travelling expenses of our officers, both in the
army and navy. These allowances, which they
had long enjoyed, were now taken from them just
at the moment when they were called to set out
for the field. If the reduction was proper in itself,
this certainly was not the best time to make it.'
We were going into great expenditures; that was
a matter of course, a necessary incident to a state
of war; but surely it was not the time to enter into
curtailments like these.
Mr. McKAY said that the amendment did not
positively curtail any expenditure. It merely
vested a power in the head of the Navy Depart-
ment to reduce the number of these persons in case
the state of the public service would admit of it
without injury. He did not suppose thnt any one
could object to clothing him with a power like this.
The question being taken, the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. WENTWORTH observed that in the ap-
propriations for Kittery, there was one item to
mate a road to a graveyard. He would suggest
to our strict construction gentlemen, whose con-
stitutional scruples would not allow them to vote
for the Cumberland road, nor for any other road
or canal in the country, to move an amendment to
strike out this item, which he was sure must dis-
tress their consciences. [A laugh.]
No amendment was proposed.
BROOKLYN NAVY YARD.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, moved to
amend the item which appropriated $15,000 for
the continuation of a cobb-wharf at the Brooklyn
navy-yard, by striking out " $15,000" and insert-
ing " $30,000." At the time the item of $15,000
was inserted the country was in a state of pro-
found peace, b«t a change of times had occured,
and it now became us to look well to every interest
connected with the building and repairing of the
navy.
The amendment proposed by Mr. Holmes was
lost; and. he then renewed the motion to strike
out, changing the sum proposed to be inserted to
#29,000.
Mr. SEAMAN said he did not intend to oceupy
the time of the committee but for a few moments
in support of the amendment offered by the honor-
able chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs.
He would make a very few remarks in explana-
tion of it. Soon after the bill then before the com-
mittee was reported to the House, his attention
was called by the officers of the yard to the sum
recommended by the department for the coiitinua-
-tion of the " Cobb wharf," Early in the session,
while in the city of New York, he visited the navy-
yard in company with the honorable gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. King,] and the honorable gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] members of
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and, after an ex-
amination of the work, was satisfied of its great
importance to the yard, and that a much larger
sum than $15,000 (the amount reported in the bill)
ought to be appropriated towards completing it.
In this,opinion he believed the honorable gentle-
men referred to concurred. Mr. S. here read a
communication from Commodore Warrington,
chief of the bureau of docks and yards, in answer
to a letter addressed by Mr. S. to the Secretary of
the Navy, and also a letter from Captain String-
ham, the captain of the yard. The committee
would notice (Mr. S. continued) that both these
gentlemen recommended a larger sum than the
amendment reported by the honorable chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs; but he thought
the sum named as much as could he expended
with economy this year, the season being- so far
advanced. He would assure the committee that
the work in question was one of great importance
to the yard, indeed it was indispensably necessary
to it; without it, the channel was in danger of being
filled up, and ships lying at the yard were exposed
to a northwest gale, lie would merely add, that
the amendment met the approbation of the Navy
Department, and all the officers of the navy witli
whom ho had conversed, and he hoped that the
committee would concur in it Mr. S. then ex-
hibited a diagram of the yard, and endeavored to
impress upon the committee the great importance
of the work in question.
Mr. T. BUTLER KING, Mr. WILLIAM W.
CAMPBELL, and Mr. SCIIENCK, successively
explained the facts uf the case, from all which it
appears that, owing to the local situation of the
navy-yard at Brooklyn, and the course of the tides
on the East river, the anchorage ground where
alone it was practicable to lay up our ships of the
line, was liable to great accumulations of soft al-
luvial deposites, which came in when the tide was
one way, but were not removed when it ran in an
opposite direction. So rapid and -great was this
accumulation, that when the ships Washington
and Franklin were laid up there, they became im-
bedded in mud to the depth of fourteen feet, in
consequence of which the Washington had to be
broken up and the Franklin removed and carried
round to Boston. The erection opposite the point
of a timber structure, callcd a Cnbb-wharf, was
found by experience to have the effect of correct-
ing this evil, by turning the currents in such a
manner, that the mud was no longer brought in,
and that already collected was in the process of
removal. The vicinity of the navy-yard was
thickly settled, and ground lots ill the neighbor-
hood exceedingly valuable. The effect of this
wharf would be to occasion the crcation of a large
extent of made ground, which, if it should be ex-
posed to sale, would, from its advantageous situ-
ation, bring in to the Government a sum far larger
than it would require to complete the improve-
ments.
The amendment was agreed to.
\VATX UNDER THE SABINE.
The item appropriating $18,000 for the erection
of a stone wall under the frigate Sabine having
been read,
Mr. MeKAY moved to reduce the appropriation
to #G,000.
Mr. WOOD inquired of Mr. McKay whether
it was not the intention of the Government to put
that frigate immediately afloat and employ her in
the naval service of the country?
Mr, SEAMAN said he had put the same in-
quiry to the Secretary of the Navy, and had been
informed by him that it was intended that both
the Albany and the Sabine should be shortly pre-
pared for sea.
Mr. THOMAS B. KING said that this appro-
priation for a wall under the frigate Sabine had
been introduced before the war took place. He
should move that the item be stricken out.
The question being first put on reducing the ap-
propriation to $6,000, it -was agreed to.
Mr, T. B. ICING said that he had intended to
move to strike out the item altogether; but, as it
was suggested to him that possibly circumstances
might change, in which case the frigate would re-
main where she was, he should abstain from
making the motion, and would let the appropria-
tion stand as it did.
Mr. LEVIN moved the folio wing amendment:
" For the construction of a dry-dock at the Phil-
' adelphia navy-yard and a dry-dock at the Pen-
' sacola navy-yard, two hundred thousand dollars
£ each,"
Mr. WHITE inquired whether the amendment
contemplated a stone dock or a floating dock?
Mr. LEVIN said he would leave it to the De-
partment to judge what sort of dock was best.
After some remarks from Messrs. WHITE,
SCHENCK, and others, as to the different sorts of
I docks—■
| Mr. LEVIN said, in substance, that the subject
J of a dry-dock at the Philadelphia naval station had
I before occupied the attention of the House, but as
j its miscarriage was under circumstances essential-
' ly different from those now existing, and under
| views which, however honest, c.oukl not be said to
be enlarged, liberal, or comprehensive, he enter-
| tained a well-grounded hope that time, which ought
; to improve us in all things, had also enlarged and
| widened our perceptions in relation to this obvious
j measure of public utility.
| The central position of Philadelphia (said Mr.
| L.) has at all times recommended it highly to pub-
| lie attention as a naval depot. The only objection
| ever urged against it, its inland locality, has now,
• owing to the introduction of steam-towage, been
\ converted into an argument in its favor. Its inland
j position is highly advantageous in the event of
j war, securing it in safety almost inaccessible to atl
| enemy.
| On this point alone (said Mr. L.) the preference
I ought to be given to Philadelphia as the proper lo-
j cality for a dry-dock. In a state of war that con-
] federation transcends all others, and he could fear-
. lessly appeal to every intelligent nautical man for
! its truth. But he was unwilling to rest this meas-
ure on any argument of expediency, depending on
the state of our foreign relations. As a branch of
a great national establishment, it recommends itself
to our support by a variety of important consider-
ations. The growth of our country requires that
| wc should finish, complete, perfect our naval sta-
j tions; for without a dock a navy-yard was defect-
; ive, and wanting in one of its most important nat-
ural members. In directing our attention, then, to
this important subject, shall we pass over that of
Philadelphia, where labor, materials, and every
I expense connected with ship-building, arc cheaper
j than at any other port in the Union ? Economy
! (said Mr. L.) is not a meanness; where the com-
; parativc cost of an establishment is, is to decide its
, location. If the workmanship be equally good,
j we arc bound to build where we can build cheap-
j est. And what is the character of the naval work-
| manship of Philadelphia? Shall I refer (said Mr.
| L.) to the Princeton for a specimen? or to the
| Pennsylvania, or the North Carolina—or the Rari-
J tan, or the Mississippi ? $50,000 saved in the con-
] struction of one ship, which can be done, and has
j been done by giving a preference to Philadelphia,
! will go far towards building another ship. In
j proof of this fact, Mr. L. referred to documents in
; the Navy Department. Look at Philadelphia in
! any light, (continued Mr. L.,) whether in relation
to cheapness of construction, security from an ene-
my, or central locality, or the exemption of the
waters of the Delaware from any qualities injuri-
ous to ship timbers such as exist at Norfolk, and
she commands universal preference, as the most
eligible spot for a national dry-dock.
If has been urged as an objection to a dry-dock
at Philadelphia, that the waters of the Delaware
were too shallow, and that our first-rate men-of-
war could not float m the channel. But this pre-
text is now abandoned. The channel of the Dela-
ware has been ascertained to be twenty-five feet,
the depth in front of the navy yard upwards of
forty feet; and now what is the remaining objec-
tion ? Why, that the dry-docks already constructed
are not in use during the whole year, and therefore
we want no more. In answer to this argument, I
ask, is all of our navy in active service? Certainly
not. Is that an argument why we should not in-
crease it by the construction of more ships? Sup-
pose we had acted on this shallow reasoning after
the war of 1812, where would be our present navy?
A nation acts in reference to the future, not the
present. Besides, our climate hardly admits the
occupation of a dry-dock during our inclement win-
ters, but even if it did, no argument can be derived
from that fact for not erecting one at so eligible a
porr as Philadelphia.
