964
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
Gentlemen may talk of the state of the public
treasury, and the large sums that have been appro-
priated during this session; but, sir, whatever is
useful to the nation ought to command preference
over what is unnecessary. It is a false economy
to deny funds to the national defence. I reject the
plea of a sordid economy towards our patiiotic and
fame-achieving navy. The true economy of a na-
tion was, to guard itself, by timely preparation at
every point from foreign aggression. All other econ-
omy was prodigal waste and wanton extravagance.
The American people (continued Mr. L.) love
with passion and cherish with enthusiasm this bril-
liant and colossal arm of out* national defence. Lot
us fulfil their wishes, by a liberal legislation. If
economy is an object, sclcct Philadelphia as a depot.
Where can you build or repair cheaper or better?
If safety is an object, what locality is more secure?
If the treasury be poor, save money by crccting a
dry-dock at Philadelphia, that shall give employ-
ment to our honest, expert, and skilful mechanics,
and security to our enterprising and honorable mer-
chants, who ask for a competent navy and a dry-
dock to give it efficiency and power—not for them-
selves, but for the whole nation; for the South, the
West, and every other point of the Republic, as
well to defend the planter in the valley of the Mis-
sissippi as the emigiant to Oregon and. California.
The usefulness of every measure adapted to the
national defence, or connected with any system
identical with the public safety, rebukes the idea
of temporary expedients, as well as a sordid econ-
omy. As a branch of the national defence, every-
thing connected with the naval armament ought to
be constructed on a basis of solid, broad, and com-
prehensive utility. The time has passed when the
American Republic can be satisfied with defective
systems, or feel secure under inadequate or tem-
porary provisions for the complete supply and
renovation of our ships of war. We havegiown
in magnitude as a nation, till Europe will not suffer
us to remain deficient m any of the materials of
self-defence, even if we felt disposed to slumber on
a bed of down. Not only are we of vast dimen-
sions, of huge bulk, and expanding frame, but we
already make pretensions to unbounded dominions,
exceeding those of any potentate of the Old World.
As Europe beholds us, so let us learn to look upon
ourselves, that we may be prepared to meet the
emergencies to which her own peculiar views may
give rise. Wisdom suggested the adoption of every
lesson that would teach us to do justice to our-
selves. _ A sordid, contracted, and mercenary
policy in relation to our naval defences was not
compatible with our present position or our future
prospects. We had arrived at an age when lofty
statesmanship demanded permanent establish-
ments, corresponding with our national character
and position. We hud passed the time when we
could say our present navy was sufficient. We
had passed the time when we could affix limits to
our ships of war, our dock-yards, our navy-yards,
or our dry-docks. We had passed the time when
we could affix limits to our own boundaries, or
our own power, or our own wants. Expanding on
all sides—breaking down the barriers of nature—
leaping over mountains and penetrating deserts, we
required establishments of corresponding vastness
and capacity. Not that he was willing to advo-
cate any vast establishment, or any gigantic scheme
of defence for the country. The measure before
the House might well dispense with any allusion
to our growing greatness, were it not so closely
associated with that branch of the national defence
that had done so much to augment its power. He
alluded to the navy; everything connected with
which swells into importance, while it appealed to
our pride, our patriotism, and our love of country;
the navy at once the source of power and the
guaranty of fieedom. The cradle of the navy
{^said Mr. L.) is the dock-yard. Its parents are
the hardy and ingenious mechanics, who construct,
nurse, and rear it. It is created by their labor.
It is renovated by their labor. Our brave tars
achieve the victory 111 battle. Our shipwrights
earn their share of glory on a field equally entitled
to the meed of praise, though it be a field of labor.
Industry and mechanical skill were the noblest at-
tributes of a nation; and when he said that Phila-
delphia workmen might challenge the country for
their equals, both in respect to workmanship,
cheapness, and economy, he only expressed what
the documents of the department would verify by
iacts recorded and acknowledged.
In reply to an inquiry, Mr. L. said that he had
! no objection to the sectional dock, which combined
| all the advantages of the floating structure with a
permanent stone dock. All he asked, however,
was a dry-dock for the Philadelphia navy-yard,
and he felt assured that a majority of Congress
was inclined to do justice to that long-neglected
station.
Mr. HAMLIN, of Maine, moved to amend the
amendment of Mr. Levin, by adding after the
word "Pensacola" the word " Kittery," so as to
appropriate two hundred thousand dollars for a
dry-dock in the navy yard of Kittery. Mr. H.
described the position of the navy-yard as lying
on the northeast side of Portsmouth harbor, ana
seemed to complain that the Committee on Com-
merce, while reporting in favor of a dry-dock at
Philadelphia, had neglected that at Maine.
Mr. McCLELLAND, from the Committee on
Commerce, explained, and stated the reason to be
that, in their opinion, the whole subject belonged
to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
Mr. HAMLIN went on to state the advantages
of the navy-yard at Ivittcry, especially on the great
cheapness with which naval construction could
there be carried on. It was at least twenty per
cent, less, and in some cases fifty per cent. He
expatiated on the excellence of the harbor, and the
importance of that port as a place of refuge for
our ilectwhcn on the northern coastsof the United
States.
Mr. BROCKENBROUGH pleaded the cause of
Pcnsacola with great zeal, insisting on the impor-
tance of having a dry-dock there for the repair of
our ships-of-war. He declined deciding between
the comparative merits of the different sorts of
docks, but wished that subject disposed of by a
board of commissioners, to consist in part of naval
officers and in part of civil engineers. Mr. B.
made a very animated speech in support of his
amendment, setting forth, with much earnestness,
the necessity of having some place at which our
ships of war might be repaired. At present there
was rio such point south of Norfolk. Should any
accident happen to our fleet while in the Gulf, it
could not be repaired without going all the way
round to Norfolk. This had happened in the ease
of the frigate Potomac, whieh was towed round,
in a disabled condition, by the steamer Princeton,
at the imminent risk both of vessel and crew.
Should we be engaged in a war with Great Britain
the importance ot such a place for repairs would be
still more felt.
There was a vast amount of our commerce
which left the port of New Orleans, and passed
along the coast of Florida. This might all be in-
tercepted by a hostile fleet, for the real mouth of
the Mississippi was at the entrance of the Gulf.
At the time of our difficulties with England about
the trial of McLeod, when the peace of the coun-
try dejoended on the breath of twelve men, the
British were in a state of preparation with ships
and steamers, and suitable depots of coal and naval
stores, to possess themselves of this entrance.
Nor could a fleet of ours operate in the Gulf, if the
slightest accident should happen to thdm by storms,
unless there was a place of refuge ready, in which
they could refit. He trusted we should never be
caught in such circumstances again. We'were
now getting possession of the coasts of the Gulf,
and it would soon become a close sea. He trusted
the Government would not refuse this appropria-
tion of ^200,0U0 for the commencement of a work
so important and indispensable.
Mr. THOMAS BUTLEll KING supported all
the amendments, but dwelt especially on the neces-
sity of a dry-dock at Pcnsacola. We had now a
squadron m the Gulf, and if any casualty should
overtake them, they would be m imminent danger
of being lost, for want of a place to rent and the
means of repair.
The committee then rose.
After the committee had risen—
Mr. McKAY, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, to which was referred the amendments
of the Senate to the bill making appropriations for
the Indian department for the year ending 30th
June, 1847, reported a recommendation to concur
in some and non-concur in others of the said
amendments.
Mr. McKAY, from the same committee, report-
ed the following joint resolution:
Resolved hj the Semite and Home oj Representatives of the
United States oj America in Oongrcsi. assembled, TJiat the
Secretary of War be and he is hereby authorized and re-
quired to lefund, out of tlift appropriation made by the act
providing for tlie prosecution of tiie war between the United
States and the Republic of Mexico, approved )3th May'
1846, to the Governors of the several States called upon by
General Taylor and General (James for volunteers and
militia, and also to individuals, the amount of the expenses
incurred by said States and individuals in.fitting out and
preparing said volunteers or militia to join the army under
the command of Geneial Taylor, to he settled on just arid •
equitable principles: Provided, That nothing -herein con-
tained shall l>e construed to sanction or approve the con-
duct of General JE.-P. Gaines in calling upon the Executive
of any of the States for volunteers-or militia, or in levying
or raining troops, or musterfug or receiving them into the
service of the United States, or the appointment of officers
,theiefur, without authority ofliiw.
The resolution having been read—
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved an
adjournment, which was lost.
Mr. McKAY explained the necessity for speedy
action on the resolutibn, and asked that it be placed
on its passage.
Mr. RATHBUN said the resolution, although
it made no appropriation, yet it was in the nature
of an appropriation, as it contained a provision for
an expenditure of public money not befoie autho-
rized; he therefore contended that it must neces-
sarily, under the rule, go to the Committee of the
Whole House.
The SPEAKER said the resolution did not, in
his opinion, come under the rule of commitment:
it provided only for the payment of certain expen-
ses out of a fund already appropriated.
An adjurnment was here moved by Mr. STE-
PHENS, and lost.
The previous question was moved and seconded,
and the main question was ordered to.be put.
And it was putj that is, that the resolution be
engrossed and read a third time ?
And passed in the affirmative.
The resolution was then immediately read the
third time; and the previous question was* again
moved and seconded, and the main question was
ordered.
The main question was, that the resolution do
pass ?
On this, Mr. RATHBUN asked the yeas and
nays. They were refused.
And the question was put on the passage of the
resolution, and passed in the affirmative.
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, June 12, 1846.
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a let-
ter from the Secretary of the Navy, in answer to
a resolution of the 9th instant, enclosing portions
of correspondence with Commodore Lawrence
Kearny, in relation to a dry-dock at the Pensa-
cola navy-yard; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Also_, a communication from the General Land
Office, in answer to a resolution of the Senate, call-
ing for further information in relation to the Hou-
mas land claim; which was laid on the table.
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition from citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, praying an appropriation
for the widow and children of the late Judge Ran-
dall; which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. UPHAM presented the petition of John
McCloud, asking a pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. STURGEON presented the petition of L.
Taliaferro, praying an appropriation to satisfy a
judgment obtained against him, on account of
whiskey, seized by him as United States Indian
agent; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. HOUSTON presented the petition of E. P.
Calkin & Co., merchants at Galveston, pray in <*
indemnity for goods alleged to have been illegally
seized by the collector of that port; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. H. also presented the petitions of John Pe-
derson and Charles Black, praying indemnity for
the illegal seizure and detention, by an officer of
the United States, of the schooners " Creole" and
" Ann M. Briggs;" which were referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. H. also presented documents in relation to
the claim of Man in & Cobb and Lewis & Co.;
which were referred to the same committee.
Mr. BAGBY submitted the following resolution;
