968
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
subject of the distribution of the laws of the. United
States. .
Mr. GEORGE S. HOUSTON was entitled to
the floor.
Mr. McKAY asked him to yield it for the pur-
pose of enabling him [Mr. McKay] to submit a
motion that tho [louse resolve itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HOUSTON indicated his willingness to do
so; but the Speaker having stated that if a member
yielded his right, he did so unconditionally,
Mr. H. declined to yield, and added a few words
to those submitted by him yesterday in opposition
to the resolution.
Mr. H. then moved that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
TITE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. W. HUNT inquired of the Speakei wheth-
er this was not a day set apart by the rules for the
consideration of private biiis.
The SPEAKER said it was*, but it was neverthe-
less competent for the House, by a majority vote,
to go into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. The, motion was always in order.
Mr. HUNT asked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered; and, bemg taken, resulted as fol-
lows:
YEAS--Messis. Stephen Adam^, Atkinson, Bell, Bisiffs,
James A. I>hek, Bowhn, Ho><l, ttiinkoiJiolV, W. G. Biown,
Iiurt, John fl. Campboll, Roubs-ii Chapman, Cha-e, (Maike,
Collin, Cullotn, f);it<run, Dillinglmm, Dobiun, D.om«oole,
Dunlcip, Fjcklin, Giles,Gordon, Ilauminson, llo-rc, Niw K,
Holmes, Hopkins, Geor«o S. llou-tou, Edmund W. liubatd,'
Ilungerfhrd, Andiew Johnson, Geoigc VV. Jones, Seaborn
Jones, Pie.-ton King, Leake, La Seie, Levin, L'mipkui,
Marlay, McClcniand, MrUomieU, Joseph J. JMcDouiil,
Mr Kay, Haiklcy Mm tin, Moulton, Parusli, Payne, Peru,
Jieid, Jlelfc, Uittor, "Kobeits, £a\vtelle, Sawyer, Seaman,
Seddon, Al<'\;m<]or D. Sims, Simpson, Thomas Smith, Koh-
ei't Smith, Srat kwoathcr, ?U. John, Jacob Thompson, Tred-
ivay, Wick, Wood, Woodward, Yancey, and Young—10.
NAYS—Messrs. A&hmun, Jame.s Black, Milton Blown,
John G. Chapman, Cocke, Ooliamer, Cr.in^ion, Cio/,u-i,
Culver, D.uuel, Darra^hj l)e Mott, Ert-aili? EU-wohIk l'fd-
man, J. If. Ewing, Foot, Fo.sfei, Garvin, Guldincs, Hamlin,
Ihunptoii, Ilaiper, John W. Houston, S. D. Ihibbaut, Uu<l-
pou, Washington Hunt, Jenkins*, James II. Johnson, Daniel
P King, Thomas B King, Lewis, Long, MeGaughey, Mc-
Ilenry, Mdlvainu,Marsh, Niven,Pendleton, Pollock, Ram-
sey, Ratlibun, Julius Koekvvell, John A. Rockwell, Itunfc,
Rushellj Scammon, Schonck, Severance, Albeit Smith, Ca-
leb B. Smith, Stephen*, Stewart, Strohm, Stiong, Sykes,
Thibodeaux, Thomasson, Benjamin Thompson, James
Thompson, Trumbo, Wentworth, Whcaton, White, and
Williams—65.
TIIE NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
tho Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Hamlin
of Maine in the chair,) and resumed the consider-
ation of the bill making appropriations lbr the na-
val service of the United States for the year ending
on the 30th June, 1847, and of the amendments
thereto pending.
Mi. N0R1US said he would occupy the atten-
tion of the committee but a very few minutes. ] Ic
should not go into an argument attempting to show
what was well known to every member of the
committee—thnt every navy-yard which is of suf-
ficient national importance to be kept up for the
purpose of construction and equipment of vessels
of war should be furnished with the most pfi relive
means of overhauling and repairing them, especial-
ly m lime, of war.
It had been well observed that '{tho very name
of navy-yards, employed in this countiy, is m oili-
er countries superseded by the term dock-yards, in-
dicating nut only that docks are the constant, but
that they are the most important distinctive ap-
pendages of those establishments. M This was
conclusively shown from the single fact derived
from our own naval statistics. These statistics
show that since the organization of our navy, the
cost of construction compared with that of repairs
is as twelve to twenty.
It seemed to him that a moment's reflection
must convince every gentleman that m time of war,
at least, every naval station should be furnished
with all the necessary means to make prompt and
speedy repairs of our ships of war which may be
crippled in action or otherwise rendered inefficient,
in order to keep our naval forcc at all times as ef-
ficient as possible. This position was so evident
that no argument can add strength to it.
With these brief remarks, then, upon the gen-
eral subject included m the amendment, he would
proceed to a short examination of the proposition
embraced in the amendment to the amendment
offered by his friend from Maine [Mr. Hamlin] to
make an appropriation for a dry-dock at Kittery,
M'-une, in the harbor of Portsmouth.
This proposition was one in which a large por-
tion of his (Mr. N.'s) constituents felt a deep and
lively interest. That interest they have manifested
by sending here their memorial, signed by over
twenty-six hundred citizens—some of them, in-
deed, are citizens of Maine, but most of them of
his own State—asking the establishment of a dry-
dock at the Portsmouth station, mid setting forth
its advantages and importance.
This navy-yard was one of the oldest in the
United States, and from its location—being the
most easterly point in the Union which has the
proper advantages of a naval station—and from its
superior natural advantages, was one of the most
important and indispensable in the whole country
in time of war, and especially in a war with Great
Dntam.
Tins navy-yard was situate on an island in Pis-
cataqua river, embraced within the limits of the
town of Kittery, in tho State of Maine, and east of
the main channel of the river which separates it
from Portsmouth, New Hampshire. This insular
position was considered of great importance, as
affording at all times much security to the public
property. The station was a most excellent loca-
tion, not only for the purposes of construction and
equipment of vessels of war, but for repairs. Here,
at all times, not only the materials for construction
and repair are abundant, and of the very fir.st qual-
ity, but ship-builders, aitisans, and mechanics of
the first order ready and desirous of employ-
ment. it was a fact that the labor of this station,
though of equal quality at least, costs much less
than at either Boston, Brooklyn, or Norfolk.
The following table would show the average
price of labor at the. Brooklyn, Boston, and Ports-
mouth navy yards for the last four years:
Jiroohhtn. lio^h)). Portsmouth.
184*3 $1 71) 73 7-10 m
 l 5t>{ 'i Mi I m
1841 3 1 GJ)*f 1 395
184fi 1 5ill 1 m 340 1 39 4-10
Thus it appeared that Portsmouth had the ad-
vantage in point of economy as it regarded labor,
of more than fifteen per cent, over Brooklyn, and
twenty percent, over Boston.
Again: this yard was already in a very efficient
condition for construction, perhaps as much so as
any navy-yaid in the Union,and needs only a dry-
dock to render its condition equally eiheient in
making repaiis. The yard had already about
eleven hundred feet of granite wharves, built iu
the most peimaiicnt and substantial manner, ad-
mitting alongside warships of the largest size; way
well provided with all the means for the preserva-
tion of materials; with buildings,ship-houses, wet-
docks, timber-sheds, and indeed with every other
appendage necessary for a complete establishment
foi construction and equipment.
Ill addition to this, there were other advantages
connected with that station possessed by no other
in this countiy, if, indeed, in the world. So pre-
cipitate were the banks, so deep the water, and
capacious the harbor, that a fleet of three times the
ahc of the whole American navy could be anchor-
ed there in perfect safety. This splendid harbor
was at all times easy of ingress or egress, and with
perfect safety, at all seasons of the year.
It was a remarkable fact that this harbor, or the
access to it, bad never been Known to be obstruct-
ed by ice in the coldest and most inclement sea-
son.
Another important advantage in favor of the
navy station of Portsmouth, was its security from
foreign attack. Such was the great depth, mode-
rate breadth, and course of the river, between the
harbor and the sea, that it could be successfully
defended at a small expense against the most for-
midable naval force that could be brought to an
attack.
But there was another consideration showing
the superiority of this station. It was this: that,
during a considerable part of the year, that harbor
could not be blockaded. Such was the nature of
the coast, and such the character of the seasons,
that no fleet could remain with safety near the
coast after the 1st of November, during the winter
months—thus giving to our ships a safe and unin-
terrupted ingress and egress during that season of
the year.
Again: This station was at the eastern extremity
of the Union, and adjacent to the British-posses-
sions in that quarter. At Halifax must be her
great naval depdt in that quarter, in ease of a war
with the United States. In that section there will
occur many of the naval conflicts between them
and us. Hence the great importance of making
the navy-yard at Portsmouth a station pf repairs
and retreat as well as of construction. He was
informed that a dock could be constructed at that
place at about half the expense of those at Boston
or Norfolk.
Mr. I. E. HOLMES gave notice of an amend-
ment (which he would offer when in order) appro-
priating f200,000 for a dry-dock at Charleston.
Mr. LEVIN now modified the nmeWdmenthere-
tofore offered by him, so as to read as follows: •
" Towards the construction of a dry-dock at the
Philadelphia navy-yard, $150,000. And the Sec-
retary of the Navy is hereby directed to contract
with the proprietors for the construction at the
Philadelphia navy-yard of a sectional floating dry-
dock, basin, and railways, according to the plan
recommended by the Secretary of the Navy in his
report to Congress, dated February 12, 1844, pro-
vided the same can be made by contract at the es-
timates now before the department."
Mr. LEVIN addressed the committee in favor of
his modified amendment, and mainly in reference
to tire comparative advantages of the sectional ajid
balance docks.
Mr. T. B. KING gave notice of the following
amendment:
" For the establishment of a navy-yard in the
harbor of Savannah, Georgia, the site of which is
to be selected by the Navy Department, and the
construction of a dry-dock, #200,000.''
Mr. I. E. I-IOLMES expressed himself in favor
of voting for a dock for Pensacola, even if it was
only a temporary structure. The bill, Jlowever,
made appropriations for works already existing,
and he did not think it was expedient in this short-
handed manner to enter upon the expenditures for
the other works proposed.
Mr. BROCKENBTtOUGH gave notice that he
would, when in order, offer the following amend-
ment:
"For the construction of dock at Pensacola
navy-yard, $200,000; to be constructed in such
mode and upon such plan as may be deemed
most expedient, useful, and economical, in every
view, to bo determined by a commission, to be
composed of naval officers, naval constructors,
and civil engineers, not exceeding five, to be ap-
pointed by the President."
Mr. BR1NKF.RHOFF, after expressing his wil-
lingness to vote the necessary appropriation for
docks at Pensacola and Philadelphia, but his pref-
erence to leave the decision to the department of
the kind of dock to be constructed, as connected
with the means of public defence, (which was the
object of the bill under consideration,) proceeded
to refer to the bill which he had yesterday moved
a suspension of the rules to introduce, providing
for an increase of the pay of the army—volunteers
and regulars, $2 a month during the war—and to
the fact that gentlemen who had been so loud in
their professions of desire for this increase, did not
see fit to give him the yeas and nays, in order that
their vote might be recorded before the country.
And inasmuch as some erroneous impressions, de-
signedly perhaps, and perhaps not, had been spread
throughout the country on this subject, he em-
braced the present opportunity to conect them and
to place himself right before his constituents and
the country.
When the bill recognising the,existence of a war
with Mexico and providing means for the vigo-
rous prosecution of the same was under considera-
tion, an amendment was offered by the gentleman
from Michigan [Mr. Chipman] to increase the pay
of volunteers—and volunteers only—not including
the pay of the regular army—to glO per month.
Against that amendment Mr. B. voted; against it
he should vote again, coming in the shape in which
it did; and for two reasons: first, the effect of at-
taching that amendment to the bill under consider-
ation he feared would be to endanger its passage
in the other branch of Congress; or, if not, to em-
barrass it, when immediate action was required.
Mr. WINTHROP interposed, and called the
gentleman to order on the ground of irrelevancy—
the discussion of increase of pay of the army hav-
ing no connexion with a proposition for the con-
struction of a dry-dock.
