1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
969
_ The CHAIRMAN remarked, that as far as his
individual judgment was concerned, he had no
doubt this course of discussion was out of order;
but in conformity with the uniform precedence of
the House, he decided the gentleman in order.
Mr. ASHMUN appealed from the decision of
the Chair.
After a few remarks from Messrs. DROM-
GOQLE and GENTRY,
The CHAIRMAN (the question having been
raised) decided that, under the 34th rule, the ap-
peal was not debatable.
The question on the appeal was then taken, and
stood, ayes 76, noes 56.
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF resumed, remarking that,
had he not been interrupted, he should, ere this,
have concluded the little he had to say. He re-
peated that he had voted against the amendment of
the gentleman from Michigan to the war bill, be-
cause, although offered in good faith—as he be-
lieved it was—he thought it would defeat or em-
barrass the passage of the bill. The amendment,
however, was adopted; and Mr. B. referred to the
fact, that it was disagreed to in the Senate and re-
turned to the House on that account, as confirming
liis apprehensions on the subject. He alluded to
the embarrassments and imminient perils which
(as we were then , informed) threatened our army
at that time, requiring promptness in making pro-
visions for the vigorous prosecution of-the war;
and said he was therefore opposed to clogging the
war bill with a measure which could as well be
provided for by subsequent legislation, if it accord-
cd with the judgment of Congress.
Another reason why he had voted against that
proposition was, while it provided for volunteers,
it made an unjust discrimination by making no
provision for the increase of the pay of the rank
and file of the army. This discrimination would
render the recruiting of regulars impossible, he ar-
gued; and he referred to* the injustice, and other
disastrous effects, that would result from it.
These were substantially the reasons—which he
considered good—why he had voted against the
amendment of the gentleman from Michigan. But
now we were engaged in war, and wc have seen
the correctness of what was doubtless the intention
of the gentleman from JV1 tehigan—that in time of
war the pay of our soldiers should bo, higher than
in time of peace. Mr. 13. enforced the justice and
the expediency of the proposition, and he warmly
urged that this increase of pay should be made
alike to volunteers and regulars, and (hey be placed
on the same footing—their perils, toils, and ser-
vices being the same.
Another reason why he would go the more wil-
lingly for this increase of pay to our army was the
rumor that the Oregon question was settled-—on
what terms he was not distinctly informed—but
that appeared to be our destiny. Hence all appre-
hensions of a large expenditure on tlmt question
being removed, we could the more easily, and with-
out too greatly burdening the treasury, make a
iberal recompense to the brave men who have now
flocked to the standard of their country at its call.
In conclusion, Mr. B. gave notice that he would
embrace the fiistoppoi tunity which presented itself
to renew his motion to suspend the rules for the
introduction of a bill to increase the pay of the
whole army during the war, and he trusted gentle-
men who had manifested so much zenl for such
increase, would rise in their place and give him
the yeas and nays, in order to place on record be-
fore the country the names of those who were in
favor of the measure, and those who were opposed
to it.
On motion of Mr. REID—by ayes 75, noes 60—
the committee rose and reported.
Mr. REID offered a resolution, providing that
the debate oil the said bill should close at half-past
two o'clock; and demanded the previous question.
Mr. JOHN A. R-OCKWELL, with a view, he
said, that the House proceed to the consideration
of the private calendar, moved that the resolution
be laid on the table, and asked the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Mc-'srs. John Qaincy Adams, Anderson, Arnold,
Ashmuii,Barringer, Bell, Brodhead, Milton Brown, Bufhng-
ton, Wilhai;  W. Campbell, John II. Campbell, John G.
Chapman, Cocke, Cian=ton, Ciozier, Culver, Darragh,
Delano, Edsall, John H. Ewing, Foot, Gentry, Giddings,
Graham, Hampton, Harper, Henley, Herrick, Hilliard, Elias
B. Holme*, John W. Houston, Hudson, Hunjreiford, Wash-
ington Hunt, Jenkins, Daniel P. King, Thomas Butler
King, Leih, Lewis, Long, McClean, James McDowell, Mc-
Gaughey, McHenry, Marsh, Miller, Moseley, Niven, Pol-
lock, Ramsey, Juhus Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Runk,
Russell, Severance, Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stanton,
Stewart, Strohm, Sykes, Thibodeaux, Thomasson, Benja-
min Thompson, James Thompson, Tilden, Trumbo^Vanee,
Vinton, Wentworth, White, Winthrop, Wright, and
Young—74.
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Atkinson, Bayly, Bed-
inger, Biggs, James Black, .Tames A. Black, Bowlin, Boyd,
Brodkeuhrough, Wm. G. Brown, Burt, Cathcart, Chase,
Cobb, Collin, Cullom, Cummins, Cunningham, Daniel, Dar-
gan, Jefferson Davis, De Mott, Dillingham, Dobbin, Dong-
lass, Dromgoole, Punlap, Ellsworth, Erdman, Faran, Fick-
hn, Fries, Garvin, Hamlin. Ilaralson, Iloge, Hopkins, Hough,
G. S. Houston, E. W. Hubard, J. B. Hunt, A. Johnson, G.
W. Jones, S. Jones, Kaufman, Kennedy, P. Kin?,Leake, La
Sere, Lumpkin, Maclay, McClelland,McClernand,McCon-
nell, McKay, B. Martin, Morris, Moulton, Norris, Owen,
Panish, Perrill, Perry, Phelps, Reid, Relfe, Ritter, Robeits,
Sawtelle, Sawyer, Scammon, Seddon. Alexander D. Sims,
Leonard H. Sims, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Stark-
weather, St. John, Strong, Jacob Thompson, Thurman,
Town*, Tredway, Wick, Wood, Woodward, Woodworth,
and Yancey—88.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
The question recurring on the demand for the
previous question, the vote stood, ayes 78, noes 20.
No quorum voting,
A second count was taken, and the vote stood,
ayes 78, noes 17.
Still no quorum voting.
Mr. HARALSON" moved that there be a call of
the House.
Mr. ASHMUN moved that the House adjourn.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to adjourn.
Mi\ COBB repeated the motion of Mr. Haral-
son, that there he a call of the House.
The chair was occupied pro tern, by Mr. Boyd,
of Kentucky.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON inquired of the chair
whether there, was no rule of the House by which
members could he compelled to vote. Tf there was
such a rule ho called for its enforcement. When
fferHlomen wish to defeat business in this way, he
desired that the country should know who they
were. [Loud cries to order.] There were gen-
tlemen sitting in their seats here, and refusing to
vote, with a view to hinder and obstruct the public
business.
Mr. ASHMUN callcd Mr. Houston to order.
Mr. HOUSTON said the remark was out. The
gentleman had oot it.
Mr. McKAY submitted that there was evidently
a large quorum present. The Chairman would see
by casting a single glance over the House, that
such was the fact. But members sat in their seats
and would not vote. On the demand for the pre-
vious question a ma jority of a quorum was only
necessary. That majority had voted; and as there
was clearlv a quorum present, he hoped that the
Chair would so announce. Was not the Chair sat-
isfied that n quorum wn<* present?
The, SPEA K RIJ, said lie had no doubt of the
fact; he knew it to be so.
Mr. McKAY. Seventy is the majority of a
quorum.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON su^ested that the gen-
tleman from North Carolina [Mr. Iliim] should
withdraw his demand for the previous question.
Mr. W. HUNT callcd Mr. H. to order.
Mr. HOUSTON submitted that lie was in order.
The CHATRsaid that the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Hunt] would state his point of order.
Mr. HUNT said it was, that there was no ques-
tion before the House.
Mr. HOUSTON said the gentleman was too
hasty. FTe had e;onc off too soon.
The SPEAKER said that the question was on
the motion for a call of the House, but that ques-
tion was not debatable.
Mr. HOUSTON said he was not going to de-
bate. He simply desired to appeal to the gentle-
man from North Carolina [Mr. Reid] to withdraw
the demand for the previous question, so that the
vote might be taken by yeas and nays on the reso-
lution itself. Gentlemen could not then shrink
from the responsibility of voting.
Mr. HARALSON withdrew his motion for a
call of the House.
The question recurring on the demand for the
previous question, the SPEAKER counted the
House, and declared that 168 members were present.
Mr. HOPKINS inquired of the Speaker wheth-
er, if there was a member within the bar who re-
fused to vote when his name was called, a motion
to censure him would not be in order'
The SPEAKER directed the rule to be read.
Some conversation followed, in which Messrs.
WINTHROP, JACOB THOMPSON, HEN-
LEY, W. HUNT, REUBEN CHAPMAN, and
the SPEAKER, participated; and there was much
confusion.
Mr. ASHMUN moved to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr. PRESTON KING moved a call of the
House, and asked the yeas and nays", which were
ordered, and, being taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. John (Auincy Adams, Ashmun, Atkin-
son, Barringer, Bayly, Bell, Biggs, James Black, Brodhead,
Buffington, Crozier, Culver, Daniel, Dargan, Delano, Dock-
ery, John H. Ewing, Giddings, Elias B. Holmes, Isaac E.
Holmes, James B. Hunt, Kennedy, Pieston King, Lewis,
MeConnell, McGaugliey, McHenry, Mcllvaine, McKay,
Berkley Martin, Miller, Moulton, Niven, Parrish, Pendleton,
Perry, Phelps, Rathbun, Reid, Ritter, Julius Rockwell, Runk,
Sawtelle, Scammon, Seaman, Seddon, Truman Smith,
Strohm, Truinbo, Wentwoith, Williams, Winthiop, Wiight,
and Yost—54.
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Bedmgcr, James A.
Black, Bowlin, Boyd, Bunkerhofi', Brockenbrough, Milton
Brown, William G. Biown, Burt, William W. Campbell,
Cathcart, John G. Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman, Reuben
Chapman, Chase, Cobb, Cocke, Collin, Cranston, Cullom,
Cummins, Cunningham, Darragli, Jefferson Davis?, DeMolt,
Dobbin, Dromgoole, Omilap, Edsall, EINworth, Fiekhn,
Foot, Foster,Fries, Gaivin, Gentry, Giles, Graham, Hamlin,
Hampton, Ilaial&on, Harmanson, Henley, Herrick, Milliard,
Iloge, Hopkins, John W. Houston, George S. Houston,
Edmund W. Hubard, Samuel D. Hubbard, Hunger/bid,
Washington Hunt, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, George W.
Junes., Seaborn Jouet, Daniel P. King, Thomas Butler Kin§,
Leake, Leih, La Sere, Long, Lumpkin, Maclay, Mr-Clean,
McClelland, MeClernaiui, McCrate, Joseph J. McDowell,
James McDowell, Marsh, John P. Mai tin, Morns, Moseley,
Nonis, Perrill, Pollock, Ramsey, Khctt Robcit*, John A.
Rockwell, Sawyer, Severance, AlexanderD. Siins,Leonaid
fl. Sims, Simpson, Albert Smith, Thomas Smith, Ciileb R.
Smuli, Robert Smith, Stanton, Siaikweatber, Stewart, St.
John, Stroii", Sykes, Thibodeaux, Thomasson, Benjamin
Thompson, James Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Thuirrian,
Towns, Trcdu ay, VVhcalon, White, Wick, Wood, Wood-
waul, Yancey, arid Young—llf>.
So a call of the House was refused.
The question then recurred on the motion to lay
the resolution on the table.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL moved that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole,
for the purpose of taking up the private calendar.
A nd on that motion he a«ked the yeas and nays;
which (after some conversation on a point of or-
der) were ordered, and, being taken, resulted as
follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. John Quincy Adams, Anderson, Arnold,
Ashmun, Barringer, Bell, Buffington, Wm. W. Campbell,
John G. Chapman, Cocke, Cranston? Crozier, Culver, Dar-
ragh, Delano, Dockery, John IL Ewmg, Foot, Gentry, Gid-
dings, Graham, Hampton, Harper, Herrick, Ililhard, Elias
B. Holmes, John W. Houston, Samuel D. Hubbard, Hud-
son, Washington Hunt, Jenkins, James H. Johnson, Daniel
P. King, Leib, Lewis, Long, McClean, McGaugliey, Mc-
Henry, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Miller, Moseley, Niven, Pollock,
Ramsey, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Runk, Russell,
Scammon, Seveiance, Tinman Smith, Albert Smith, C. B.
Smith, Stewart, Strohm, Sykes, Thibodeauv, Thomasson,
Benjamin Thompson, James Thompson, Trumbo, Vmton-,
Wentworth, White, Winthrop, Wright, and Young—6y.
NAYS—Messrs Stephen Adains, Atkinson, Bedingcr
Bi^irs, James Black, James A. Black, Boyd, Biinkcrhofft
Hroekenbrough, Brodhead, Milton Biown, Wm. G. Brown,,
Buif, Cathcail, Augustus A. Chapman, Reuben Chapman,
Chase, Cobb, Collin, Cullom, 'Cunningham, Darnel, Dai-
gau, Jefferson Davi->, De Mott, Dillingham, Dobbin, Dmm-
goole, Dunlap, Edsall, Elhwoith, Erdman, Faran, Ficklin,
Foster, Fries, Garvin, Giles, Cordon, Jiamhn, Haralson,
Ilarmansou, Henley, Hoge, Isaac E. Holmes, Hopkins*,
Hough, George S. Houston, Edmund W. Hubard, Ilunxer-
fonl, Andrew Johnson, Geoige VV. Jone*, Remind}', Pieston
King, l.awrenee, Leake, La Seie, Levin, Lumpkin, Maclay,
McClelland, McClernaml, McCrate, Joseph J. MeDovveil,
James McDowell, McKav, John P. Martin, Barkley Mar-
tin, Morris, Moulton, Norris, Owen, Paiudi, Perrill, Perry,
Phelps, Pillsbury, Reid, Rhett, Ritfor, Roberts, Sawtelle,
Sawyer, Seaman, Alexander D. Situs, Leonaid H. Siim,
Simpson, Thomas Smith, Robert. Smith, Stanton, Stark-
weather, St. John, Stiong, Jacob Thompson, Thurman,
Towns, Tredway, Vance, Wick, Woodward, Yancey, and
Yost—102".
So the House refused to proceed to the consid-
eration of the private calendar.
THE NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The question then recurred, and was taken on
the motion of Mr. Ashmun to lay the resolution
on the table.
The yeas and nays were asked and refused;
And the question was taken, and the House de-
cided that the resolution should not be laid on the
table.
The demand for the previous question was then
seconded.
The main question was ordered, and the resolu-
tion was adopted.
Whereupon the House, on the motion of Mr.
