1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
971
committee a bill for a dry-dock at Philadelphia,
vvny not, then, let these things take their regular
course? Why waste the time of the committee
by introducing these amendments inappropriately
to these bills ? '
But was the committee av^are of the fact that
these amendments of $200,000 proposed for Phila-
delphia, and of $150,000 for Pensacola, if adopted,
were but the beginning of expenditures ? Did the
gentleman suppose that these appropriations would
build them? Why the dock at Portsmouth cost
from seven hundred thousand to a million dollars,
and that at Charlestown cost about $800,000! If
we were to go on with this extravagant system—
to build a dock at Kittery, Maine, at Savannah,
and at the other points indicated, it would involve
an expenditure of millions of dollars.
Some conversation occurred between Mr. LE-
VIN and Mr. McKAY.
Mr. McKAY further urged the impropriety of
proposing these appropriations to an ordinary ap-
propriation biil, which provides for the pay of the
navy, for procuring provisions, &o., for it, and for all
other naval purposes authorized by existing laws.
It also made appropriations for several navy-yards
along the seacoast. He thought it worthy of the
grave consideration of the House and the country,'
vvhether some of these yards ought not to be discon-
tinued. He would not go into this subject, which
he was aware would oj>en a Wide discussion; but
he wished to call attention to a high authority. In
1829 this whole subject of navy-yards was under
consideration, and G-eneral Jackson communicated
his views to Congress. [Mr. McK. read General
Jackson's views, and also those (embodied in the
same document) of a board, consisting of some of
our most distinguished naval officers, who were
decidedly of opinion that the present number of
na.vy-yards was greater than was consistent either
with economy, or was required by the wants of
the service.] To show how these yards arc man-
aged, and how productive they arc of enormous
expense, he referred to the President's Message
and accompanying documents at the commence-
ment of this session, showing that it cost the Gov-
ernment for the pay of superintendents, nnd of
various naval officers at the navy-yards, $292,648
per year, while the amount of labor performed in
all the yards for the same time was but $430,000.
He also referred to a British authority, on the
same subject, showing—a state of things not as
bad as it was in this country—that in the navy-
yards of Great Britain for every <£3| paid to men
for labor, was paid to superintendents, officers,
&c.; and showing also thfct the cost of building
vessels at the public yards and at private yards
was about five to one.
In conclusion, he expressed the hope that the
committee would reject all these amendments; and
that these yards would not be enlarged, unless it
was absolutely necessary. Some of the appropria-
tions already proposed in this bill he thought were
larger than they should be.
Mr. WINTHROP alluded to the decision of the
Chair, justifying the wide range of debate which
had been taken, and remarked that he would like,
did time permit, to discuss several subjects—the
tariff, the Mexican war, of the origin and prog-
ress of which he wished to say something here-
after; also the bill to provide a pension for the
widow of Captain Robert Gray, the discoverer of
the mouth of the Columbia river. He thought,
when we were about reaping the advantage of
this discovery—when we were at last about to en-
joy peaceably that territory first discovered by his
enterprise, and that of his hardy crew, he thought
it would be hard if this Congress adjourned with-
out making provision for the support of his vener-
able widow.
In regard to a provision of the bill, he thought
great injustice would be done by it to a gallant
officer in the service; and he should move, when
in order, to strike out the following1:
Provided, That no payment shall lieieatter be made to the
colonel or any other officer of said corps (the Marine Corps)
by viituc of a eomrait-sion of brigadier general by btevet.-
It was well known, he said, that General Hen- \\
derson was the officer aimed at; and Mr. W., at
some length, opposed this attempt on the part of the
majority of the Committee of Ways and Means—
who had no authority to turn him out—to accom-
plish, in fact, the same thing, by withholding his
lawful salary from a man who had had the com-
mission of brigadier general by brevet conferred
upon him by General Jackson and (the case not
being acted upon by the Senate at that time) by
Mr. Tyler, and confirmed by the Senate. He
urged that General Henderson was entitled to all
the pay of a brigadier general by brevet.
He also referred to the general impolicy, in time
of war, of taking away inducements to activity and
gallantry in the service, by reducing, in a spirit of
niggardly economy, the compensation of those in
the naval and military departments, on whose ser-
vices we were to rely.
Mr. W. yielded in the course of his remarks,
for explanation or inquiry, to Messrs. HUNGER- '
FORD, BRODHEAD, S. JONES, McKAY, and
PAYNE.
Mr. WOOD, Mr. T. B. KING, and Mr. WHITE
respectively gave notice of amendments they in-
tended to offer when in order.
Mr. BROCKENBROUGH said he had tried to
obtain the floor in vain; and as there was only one
minute left, he would only state, from a report
made to this House in 1844, there are five navy-
yards having three stone dry-docks from Norfolk,
Virginia, to Kittery, in Maine; that at these yards
$160,000,000 of public money had been expended
since the war of 1812, to only a few thousand in the
Gulf at Pensacola.
[Several voiccs: $160,000,000 ! Impossible!]
Mr. B. resumed. He did not say upon thesyards,
but at the yards, for all the purposes. To avoid
misunderstanding, he would read the extract, to
show the relative claims, as well as the relative ne-
cessity of further expenditure:
" From Norfolk to tin; Pt, John's, in Maine, a distance
comprising a line of seacoast riot equal in extent by a fifth
to tiiat of the Gulf, tlicro aic nor loss than mx well-appointed
navy-yauR Since the war, these si\ stations, and the ves-
sels fitted out fiom them, have called an expenditure from
the treasury of not less than $1(50,000,000 ; while vuur com-
mittee can find on the btatnte books no appropriation over a
few thousand dollars for similar woik< on the Gulf; arid it
may be here remarked that the amount of expenditures for
fortifying and defending the port of Norfolk alone has ex-
ceeded the whole amount of appropiintions tor the entire
defences of the Gulf—if a few jams mounted on stationary
walls about Mobile andNew Orleans can be called Gulf de-
fence* at all; but for defending the Florida Pass, or enabling
the American navy to command it in war, the first dollar is
yet to be appropriated."
[The Chairman's hammer fell as Mr. Brocken-
brouch finished reading the extract.]
The time allowed for debate having expired, the
committee proceeded to vote.
The question recurred on the amendment pro-
posed by Mr. Lf/viv, as modified to-day, for a
dock at Philadelphia; and it was agreed to—ayes
80, noes 66.
Mr. NORRIS moved the following:
"For the construction of a dock at the navy-yard
at Kittery, in Maine, two hundred thousand dol-
lars; to be constructed in such mode and upon such
plan as may be deemed most expedient, useful, and
economical, in every point of view, to he determin-
ed by a commission to be composed of naval offi-
cers, naval constructors, civil and naval engineers,
not exceeding five, to be appointed by the Presi-
dent of the United States,"
Mr. T. B. KING moved to amend the amend-
ment, by striking out $200,000, and inserting $100,-
000. Carried.
And the amendment, as thus amended, was then
rejected—ayes 45, noes 68.
'Mr. BROCKENBROUGH then renewed the
amendment heretofore sent to the table in favor of
a dock at Pensacola.
Mr. WHITE moved as a substitute the follow-
ing:
" Towards a floating dry-dock at the Pensacola
navy-yard, $200,000. And the Secretary of the
Navy is hereby directed to contract with the pro-
prietors for the construction, at the Pensacola navy-
yard, of a sectional floating dry-dock, basin, and
railways, according to the plan recommended by
the Secretary of the Navy, in his report to Con-
gress, dated February 12, 1844."
This was lost without division.
And the amendment offered by Mr. Brocken-
brough was then negatived—ayes 56, noes 84.
The committee then proceeded with the remain-
ing items of the bill.
Mr. McKAY moved to insert the following items,
to come in under the head of the Gosport navy
yard:
For the purchase of St. Helena $2,400
For the repair of Sheer Whaif 5,000
For the repair of wharf at the Hospital 900
These items were rejected—ayes 47, noes 80.
Mr. McKAY moved to strike out all items for
improvements and repaiis at the Pensacola yard,
viz :
Towards" (he warrant officers' houses. $20,000
Towards cisterns and timber sheds 20
and 26, and storehouse 25  27,000
Towards saw-mill  20,000
Towards lime-house    6,000
Towards blacksmiths' shop   -21,000
Towards coal house  8,000
Towards repairs of all kinds  7,000
And in lieu of said items, to insert the following:
Towards blacksmiths' shop $21,000
Towards cisterns at Nos. 20,25, and 26. 12,000
Towards coal-housc    8,000
Towards lime-house  2,500
Towards wharves, permanent   59,000
Towards dredging machine, scows, &c. 16,000
Towards repairs of all kinds  5,000
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. BROCKENBROUGH moved to insert the
following: "For floating dry-dock at the Pensa-
cola navy-yard, $200,000."
It was negatived—ayes 41, noes not counted.
Mi. McKAY moved to insert, under the head
ofSackett's Harbor navy-yard, the following item:
" For the purchase of Navy Point and Fort Tomp-
kins, #2,500."
This was agreed to.
The item " for the continuation of the necessary
improvements at the navy-yard atMemphis,$100,-
000," having been read—
Mr. McKAY moved to amend the item by stri-
king out $100,000, and inserting $50,000, and to
add the following proviso :
" Provided, That the expenditure of this and pre-
vious appropriations for this yard shall be con-
fined to the construction of a rope-walk, and the ar-
rangements for building and equipping steamers."
Mr. JEFFERSON DAVIS moved to amend
this proviso by striking out the words "and the ar-
rangements for building and equipping steamers."
This was negatived.
Mr. DARRAGH then moved to amend Mr.
McKay's amendment by adding to the proviso the
following:
"And any law now in force requiring all ves-
sels to be built or constructed at the navy-yards of
the United States alone, be and the same is here-
by repealed.''
Negatived: ayes 64, noes 70.
The question recurred on Mr. McKay Vamend-
ment.
Mr. PRESTON KING asked for a division of
the question, and it was divided.
And the first part, to reduce the appropriation,
was agreed to; and the second part, that is, the
proviso, was also agreed to.
Mr. HENLEY now moved to strike out alto-
gether the item for the Memphis navy-yard, as
thus amended.
This motion prevailed: Ayes 84, noes 36.
Mr. DARRAGH, under the head of hospitals,
moved to insert the following item:
"For completing the marine hospitals which
have been commenced at Pittsburg, Louisville, and
Cleveland, $50,000."
To this Mr. BOWLIN moved to add the fol-
lowing:
"And that the sum of $7,468 be and the same
is hereby rerippropriatcd from the treasury, to be
expended under the direction of the President of
the United States in the purchase of the St. Louis
county hospital, or so much of the grounds of the
St. Louis city hospital, and the buildings thereon,
as he may deem expedient, for a marine hospital."
This was negatived.
The question recurred on Mr. Darragh's
amendment; when
Mr. CROZIER said if the gentleman from Ken-
tucky (Mr. Boyd) would not move an amendment
to the amendment by inserting Paducah after Lou-
isville, he would himself move it; and he would
wait a moment to give the gentleman an opportu-
nity to do so.
Mr. Boyd did not make the motion, and it was
made by Mr. Crozier, saying, as he did so, that
he perceived the gentleman had deserted the cause
of Paducah.
The amendment was negatived; and the ques-
tion was put on Mr. Darragh's amendment, and
it was negatived.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved to insert the fol-
lowing item:
