1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
97S
Resolved, That tlie Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the necessity and pro-
priety of making^ early and adequate provision for
the erection of, light houses at the entrance of the
harbors on the-coast of Texas.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON presented the following
resolution; which lies over:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to prepare for the use of
the Senate a statement, showing the number of ves-
sels employed in the coasting trade; how many of
such vessels are propelled by steam, and how many
by sails; how many are rated by the custom-house
admeasurement at seventy-five tons, and less than
one hundred and fifty tons; how many are rated
at one hundred and fifty, and less than two hun-
dred and fifty tons; how many are lated at two
hundred and fifty, and less than three hundred and
fifty tons; how many are rated at three hundred
and fifty tons, and less than five hundred tons; and
how many are rated at five hundred tons and up-
wards.
Mr. C. also gave notice of his intention to intro-
duce an act requiring apprentices to be employed
on board of vessels engaged in the coasting trade.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported, with amendments, the (House)
bill to equalize the compensation of the surveyors-
general of the public lands of the United States.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported, with an amendment, being a sub-
stitute therefor, the bill for the relief of the Mexi-
can Railroad Company.
Mr. Phelps, from the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims, asked that said committee be discharged
from the further consideration of the petitions of
Samuel S. Keine and the heirs of William Gray-
son; which was agreed to.
THE SUPPLEMENTAL WAR BILL.
Mr. DIX moved that the act supplemental to an
act entitled "An act to provide for tlic prosecution
of the existing war with Mexico," be taken up
for the purpose of moving that the Senate insist
upon their disagreement to certain amendments
made thereto by the House of Representatives, and
to ask a committee of conference on the subject.
The motion to take up being agreed to, the Senate
resolved to insist; and the presiding officer having
been empowered so to do,
The PRESIDENT appointed Senators Dix,
Westcott, and Mangum, a committee of confer-
ence on the part of the Senate, upon the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses.
[Subsequently a message was received from the
House, announcing that said House had resolved
further to insist on their amendments, and appoint-
ed a committee of conferencc on their part.]
A joint resolution from the House to refund to
States and individuals expenses incurred by them,
under calls for militia and volunteers made by Gen-
erals Gaines and Taylor, was read twice, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the following resolution, heretofore intioduccd by
Mr. Hannegan, and the consideration of which
was postponed until this day:
Resolved, That the President of the Senate and
the Speaker of the House of Representatives shall
adjourn their respective Houses sine die on the
20th day of July next.
Mr. LEWIS moved that the resolution be fur-
ther postponed until to-morrow, and that the Sen-
ate now proceed to the consideration of the bill
making appropriations for the Post Office Depart-
ment.
This motion was negatived on a division; Yeas
15, nays ID.
The question being on the adoption of the reso-
lution—1
Mr. LEWIS said he hoped the Senate would
yet consent to postpone this resolution. The same
reasons still existed which existed when it was
postponed before. They had had no answer from
the President to the call made by the Senate for
information on the subject of the finances. It was
essentially necessary'that something should be
done in relation to the finances of the country in
order to be enabled to carry on the war against
Mexico.
Mr. BREESE said he was, he supposed, as
anxious as any Senator that there should be an
early adjournment; but it seemed to him that it
would be very impolitic to surrender to the other
House the important question of adjournment.
He thought it was better to keep the control of
that question in their own hands; he would be
compelled, therefore, to vote against the resolution.
.Mr. ARCHER said he had voted for the post-
ponement of this resolution heretofore with the
view of ascertaining what disposition the House
intended to make of the subject of the tariff. He
understood that a proposition was to be made in
the House to-day to take up that subject; this be-
ing the case, he thought they would be much better
prepared to vote upon the resolution to-morrow.
He had not the least notion of leaving the disposal
of the question entirely in the hands of the House,
by adopting a resolution fixing a precise day for
the adjournment, putting it in the power of the
House to occupy, if they should think proper, the
whole or nearly the whole of the intervening time
in the discussion of the tariff, without leaving any
interval for its discussion by the Senate. He was
opposed to the adoption of the resolution at pres-
ent.
Mr. HANNEGAN was of the opinion that it
was fully time to fix upon a period of adjourn-
ment. As for the objection of the Senator from
Virginia that the House might take up the inter-
vening time in its action on the tariff, he had only
to say that he presumed no one contemplated a
general discussion upon the tariff question. If
time enough were allowed for the action of the two
Houses, it was all that would be required; for, if
there was any one question which had been spoken
to death, it was the tariff. There had been more
speeches delivered on that subject than upon any
other in the history of the world. He asked for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. BAGBY hoped that the resolution would
be informally passed over till to-morrow. He was
entirely opposed to fixing any day for adjourn-
ment till it was known what action would be taken
in the House of Representatives with regard to the
tariff.
Mr. MANGITM concurred in the views of the
Senator from Alabama, and would move that the
consideration of the resolution be postponed till
Monday next.
Mr. liAGBY requested the Senator to modify
his motion, so as to postpone till the first Monday
in July.
Mr. MANGUM remarked that the Senator could
move that as an amendment.
Mr. BAGBY then moved that the resolution be
postponed till the first Monday in July.
A division was called for, and, being ordered, it
appeared that twenty-four voted m the affirmative,
and twentv-four in the negative.
Mr. HANNEGAN then asked the yeas and
nays on the question, and the call being seconded,
they were ordered.
Mr. WEBSTER said that, in the circumstances,
he would be willing to vote to postpone for a week;
and he hoped that it would suit the convenience of
the gentleman [Mr. Bagby] to withdraw his mo-
tion, and let the question be taken on the postpone-
ment for a week.
Mr. DICKINSON was in favor of fixing an
early day for adjournment, and contended that
there would be abundant time to take up and dis-
pose of the independent treasury bill and the tariff
before the day which had been named. If it
would be found that the day named was too early,
Congress could easily extend the session beyond
that "time.
Mr. BAGBY withdrew his motion; and, the
question being taken by yeas and nays on Mr.
Mangtjm's motion to postpone till Monday next,
resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Archer, Ashley, Atherton, Bagbv,
Benton, Hi eese, Calhoun, Cass, Chalmers, John M. Clayton,
Colquitt, Div, Evans, Haywood, Houston, Jenness, John-
son of Louisiana, Lewis, McDutfie, Mangum, Pennybacker,
Phelps, Bu«k, Sevier, Speight, Turney, Webster, Westcott,
Woodluidgc, and Yulee—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Berrien, Bright, Cameron,
Thomas Clayton, Ooiwsn, Davis, Dayton, Dickinson, Fair-
field, Greene, Jlannesran, Huntington, Jarnagin, fWiller,
Morehcad, Niles, Semple, Simmons, Sturgeon, and Upham,
—21.
So the resolution was postponed till Monday
next.
Mr. DIX gave notice that he would to-morrow
move the Senate to take up the bill to amend an
act entitled " An act to provide revenue from im-
ports, and to change and modify existing laws
imposing duties on imports, and for other pur-
poses," with a view, by leave of the^ Senate, to
occupy an hour in explanation of its principles and
objects.
Mr. WESTCOTT rose and said that he found
his vote upon the engrossment of the bill for the
relief of Elijah White was recorded upon the jour-
nal in the negative.^ He (Mr. W.) was decidedly
in favor of allowing the relief sought for by the
claimant, and had intended to vote in the affirma-
tive. Having inadvertently voted with the major-
ity, he would move a reconsideration of the vote
then taken.
The question being taken upon the reconsidera-
tion, it was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE expressed the hope that the fur-
ther consideration of the subject would he post-
poned until to-morrow; which was agreed to.
The Senate considered the resolution submitted
by Mr. Houston, providing that the hour of meet-
ing of the Senate shall hereafter be eleven o'clock,
A. M.
Upon the question of the adoption of this reso-
lution, the yeas and nays had been ordered, and,
being taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ashley, Atherton, Baerby,Breese, Bright,
Chalmers, Colquitt, Dickinson, Dix, Fairfield, Houston,
Jenness, Lewis, McDuftie, Niles, Pennybacker, Rusk, Seiri-
ple, Sevier, Sp'eight, Sturgeon, and Turney—
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Atchison, Benton, Berrien, Cal-
houn, Cameron, Thomas Clavton, John M. Clayton. Cor-
win, Davis, Dayton, Evans, Creene, Jlannegan, "Haywood,
Huntington, Jarnagin, Johnson of Louisiana, Manenm, Mil-
Id, Morehead, Pearce, Phelps, Simmons, Uphum, Webster,
Westcott, Woodbndge, and Yulee—29.
So the motion was not agreed to.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATIONS.
On motion of Mr. LEWIS, the Senate resumed
the consideration of the Post Office appropriation
bill, the question pending being upon an amend-
ment by Mr. Niles, appropriating $25,000 f°r
steam mail transportation between New York and
Liverpool, and $25,000 for like scrvice between
New York and Bremen.
Mr. McDUFFlE expressed a hope that this
amendment would not be acted on without due
consideration.
Mr. DAVIS spoke at length on the subject of
the importance of a participation on our part in the
advantages of the line of mail steamers, which he
described as productive of large profits to their
owners; and also stated the objections which ex-
isted to the transportation of letters for the conti-
nent of Europe through the British Post Officc.
Mr. McDUFFIE moved to strike out that por-
tion of the amendment making an appropriation for
the establishment of a line of steam mail service to
Liverpool.
Mr. HtJNTINQTON submited a few observa-
tions in favor of the line to Bremen.
Mr. NILES followed in support of his amend-
ment.
The question was then taken upon Mr. McDuf-
fie's motion to strike out; and it was agreed to.
Mr. CALHOUN submitted his views in opposi-
tion to the establishment, by Congress, of steam
lines to Europe. He said that he required more in-
formation than he now possessed to justify him in
giving his vote in favor of the amendment.
Mr. SEVIER moved to lay the amendment
upon the table; which motion was rejected.
The question was then taken by yeas and nays
on the amendment by Mr. Niltcs, making an ap-
propriation of $25,000 for the establishment of
steam mail service, between New York and Bre-
men, and resulted as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Ashley, Atherton, Bemen, Chal-
mers, Thomas Clayton, John M. Clayton, Corwin, Davis,
Pnyton, Dickinson, Dix, Pvans, Fairfield, Gieene, Hunting-
ton, Jarnagin, Johnson of Louisiana, Lewis^ Miller, Nilcs,
Pearce, Pennybacker, Simmons, LJpliam, Webster, and
Woodtidge—27.
NAYS—-Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Raghy, Benton, Breese,
Bnght, Calhoun, Cameron, Colquitt? JIannegan, Hnyvvooa,
Houston, Jenness, Mangum, McDufhe, Phelps, Rusk, Soni-
ple, Sevier, Speight, Sturgeon, Turney, Westcott, and Yu-
lee—24, " *
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, the
Senate resumed the consideration of the " joint
resolution in relation to the issuing of grants of
certain lands in Louisiana."
