974
THE CONGRESSIONAL, GLOBE.
June 15,
Mr. ATCHISON gave notice of an amendment,
the propriety of which he advocated in a few ob-
servations.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, addressed the
Senate at length in support of the joint resolution;
having- concluded, on motion,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, June 15, 1846.
The Journal of Saturday was read and ap-
proved.
The SPEAKER announced the unfinished busi-
ness to be the bill making appropriations for the
naval service.
Mr. COCKE, from the Committee on Engra-
ving, reported the following resolution; which was
adopted:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House cause the
usual number of maps belonging to the President's
message communicating to the House despatches
from Major General Z. Taylor, to be printed.
A PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. LEVIN said he rose to a question of priv-
ilege, and commenced by remarking that he was
compelled to notice a scurrilous attack upon him
which he found m the columns of the Washington
Union of Saturday.
Mr. HOPKINS here rose and said he did not
think any question of privilege was involved, and
he objected to the gentleman's proceeding.
After some conversation between the CHAIR,
Mr. LEVIN, and Mr. HOPKINS—
Mr. LEVIN was permitted to proceed. He
said that he regretted to find it necessary to notice
the scurrilous attack referred to. for calumny, take
what form or shape it may, not only furnishes its
own antidote, but, like empty sounds among bar-
ren hills, receives its best answer from its own
dying echo. Nor should he now take notice of it,
if he did not know that slander never lacks exter-
nal influence and support, m that uncharitable
spirit which is ever ready to pronouncc a summary
verdict of conviction, upon no other foundation
than the mere fact of a charge having b6en
alleged. A confident air and an unbridled tongue
are all that are necessary now-a-days to constitute
an accuscr, and he is instantly transformed into
thewitness, the judge, and the executioner! His
slanders die not barren of progeny; but, for ever
generated and generating, weave the chain destin-
ed to bind their bleeding victim. He had reason,
however, to congratulate himself; for although he
had become the subject, he was not yet, thank
God, the victim of the calumniator.
For upwards of six months he had toiled in be-
half of an improvement of the Philadelphia navy-
yard, believing that in advancing the interests of
Jus constituents he would at the same time advance
the interests of the country. "We have readied
an extraordinary period in the history of Ameri-
can legislation, when no Representative d.ire to de-
vote himself to the interests of his constituents
without being denounced as a demagogue—when
no Representative dare advocate an important im-
plement without being denounced as a party
interested. Is this American freedom? He had
supposed that he lived in a land where the free
interchange of thought and independent action
formed the basis of our political existence. He
had supposed that he occupied a seat in a hall where
it was the high privilege of all to utter, to argue,
and to act fieely, without fear or favor of man.
Without this freedom no tongue may divulge the
deep wants of its soul—no pen may portray the
dimensions of its wrongs, ana no hand dare unveil
that beneficent charter which whispers in the free-
dom of our homage of life, liberty, and happiness.
And yet, with these uneffaceable features stamped
upon the pages of our rights, confirmed as they
are, if confirmation they can need, by the intellect
and conscience of every man living, those faithful
depositories of the primary impressions of the
finger of God, there are those who would fasten the
fetters of vassalage upon our limbs. Who are they?
The puny paid agents who, for a contingent fee,
are here arrayed against the interests of the people
of Philadelphia and the country at large. He had
discovered, during the last two months, that the
only dock that could by possibility pass the House
was the improved stone dock known as the " Sec-
tional Dock," not only bccauseit combined all the
advantages of the stone dock with the floating
structure, but also because, connected with rail-
ways, it would relieve the country from the burden
of the peace establishment.
He knew many members of that House who
would sustain it, and no other, upon grounds of
national economy; and he frankly confessed that
he had devoted himseif to the abject with untiring
zeal. When the enemies of Philadelphia dlscov-'
■ered that he had assumed, his position, after a
thorough investigation of the comparative merits
of this and other- docks, and knowing, too, that a
stone dock could not possibly be carried, they first
approached him with appeals, but those appeals
left him strictly in the line of his duty. They
boasted of their power, they threatened, and he
despised them. During the last few days he had
seen them busily at work, endeavoring to disease
the minds of members of Congress by circulating
among them two letters, not in a bold, decided,
manly way, but creeping and cowardly. At last
they acquired boldness enough to publish their
correspondence; and he thanked them for it. This
article appears in the Washington Union in the.
form of a communication, in order to give it the
semblance of sanction on the part of the editors of
that journal. He had been informed by Major
Pleiss, one of the proprietors, that it bad been paid
for as an advertisement, and that he had given
orders for it to appear as such. They had also
adroitly introduced in this communication a certifi-
cate from his honor the Mayor of Philadelphia, in
order to throw a fictitious influence around the
names of these parties, by connecting themselves
with a name of so much respectability. But this last
prop he would strike from under them. Ho had ad-
dressedaletterto Mr. Swift, Mayor of Philadelphia,
and had received a reply from him, in which he
states that that certificate was intended to apply
only to those gentlemen who presided at a puolic
meeting in Philadelphia.
Thus it appears that that certificate has been
perverted from its original object to give a facti-
tious respectability to other parties. And who is
Woodburn Potter, who signed the communica-
tion in the Union, and who has been levying con-
tributions upon the unsuspecting people of Phila-
delphia to pay his expenses here, while he has
been doing oil in his power, by circulating false-
hoods and misrepresentations, to thwart the very
object which the people of that city and county so
anxiously desire ? He undertook to say to the
House and to the country that he was altogether
destitute of character and consideration. Who is
William J. Crans, whose name appears in con-
nexion with the article, and who dares to asperse
the characters of the distinguished gentlemen who
presided at the public meeting in Southwark, com-
posed as it was of the best citizens of the district?
From what lofty elevation does he look down
upon those honored men, who would scorn his as-
sociation? William J. Crans is a clerk or sub-
clerk in the Moyamensing prison. He tells us
that nobody heard of the Southwark meeting; and
yet the records of the public press will show, as
well as the placards that were posted at every coi-
ner of the city and county of Philadelphia, that the
meeting was called irrespective of party. He
would not, however, dwell upon the various false-
hoods that appear in that letter, but would go at
once to the principal conspirator in this drama of
guilt, John S. Gilbert—a man upon whom he,
(Mr. L.,) in his remarks of Saturday last, had
fixed seven deliberate falsehoods, each bearing his
own sign manual, and uttered expressly to dcceivc
this House. It is not strange that the defamer of
the purest and most distinguished citizens of New
York—such men as Edward K. Collins, Moses
H. Grmncll, Jonathan Goodhue, in fact, all the
eminent shipowners of the commercial emporium,
and all the skilful and intelligent shipbuilders of
that great city, who have dared to give a prefer-
ence for another dock than his: it is not strange
that one who has not shrunk from defaming such
men as these, should level his poisoned shafts at
me.
Might he ask the House to look at the internal
evidence which the letter of Mr. Gilbert himself
contains of its falsehood ? There is nothing of bold
accusation in it, but he deals in inuendo, and says
that he (Mr. L.) proposed to him [Gilbert] to go
to Philadelphia and purchase property likely to be
benefited by the establishment of a dry-dock.
Now, if it were a good speculation two or three
months ago, when Gilbert says thfe proposition
was made, was it not as good six or twelve months
ago, the result being §s uncertain/at one time as
the other? Is it not probable that he, (Mr. L.,)
if he had been inclined to such a speculation, would
li&ve applied to his old and tried friends in Phila-
delphia, who are possessed of wealth, $,n& knew
the value of property, rather th^n. to an entire
stranger, whom he had never,seen but two or
three times in his life, and whom?,if he should now
enter the Hall, he'(Mr. L.) would not he able to
recognise; and who; in his memorials to .Congress,
and in his first personal appeal to Mr. L.,_ repre-
sented himself as a poor man, altogether destitute
of means? What riiotive could he (Mr. L.) 'have
had in selectir^g this man, avowedly poor, as ,a
partner in speculations requiring a large outlay of
money? The "accusation is stamped with absurd-
ity on its face.
Again: w,hat difference would it make if he (Mr.
L.) had intended to speculate, whether the dock
to be established at the Philadelphia yard was a
stone dock, a balance dock, or a sectional dock?
There could, therefore, be no motive to change his
opinion of the plan of dock in reference to the sup-
posed speculation. Again: he had visited Phila-
delphia two or three times during the last three
months, and, lohe (Mr. L.) had suffered the
dazzling opportunity to pass by. He had entered
into no speculations; he has purchased no lots; he-
does not own a foot of land in Southwark," and
never proposed to purchase one. No; before this
House, before his country, and his God, he pro-
nounced the accusation of John S. Gilbert utterly
and entirely false. This man goes on to intimate
that possibly a similar proposition might have been
made to the proprietors of the sectional dock.
Those gentlemeq had voluntarily sent to him their
deposition,* taken before a magistrate of the city,
denying this imputation, but he would not tax the
time of the House by reading.it. He did not feel
that his character could be affected by what might
be said by such a public defamer of the best men
in the country, and upon whose brow, hot and
hissing, had been stamped the brand of seven de-
liberate falsehoods.
With the people of his district—-with the people
of the city and county of Philadelphia—the char-
acter of the'accusation, as well as the characters
of the accusers, constituted -his vindication. He
turned with loathing from the over-gorged carcasses
of the reptiles who would never again be able to
wound with their fangs or inflame with ther ven-
om. It was not, as had been intimated in the let-
ter of the clerk of the Moyamensing prison, to ad-
vance the interests of his party, that he asked for
this appropriation for the sectionol dry-dock.; but
because the interests of the city and county of
Philadelphia and of the nation demanded it; and
because the people themselves, irrespective of par-
ty, had preferred that particular plan, and instruct-
ed hirn to advocate it. None but the most bitter
foe to the true interests of Pennsylvania would at-
tempt to make this a party question. On an occa-
sion like this, at least, he felt that the icy barriers
which party feeling might temporarily erect would
* The following is the deposition alluded to by Mr. Levin :
District of Columbia, city of Washington, set:
Samuel I). Dakin,'Daniel Dodge, and Phineas Burgess, of
the citvof New York, being duly sworn, depose and say,
that they have been engaged during part of the present ses-
sion of Congress m presenting to the Government the merits
and claims of the sectional dock for the use of the navy;
that thev have beenshown a communication in the Wash-
ington Union of Saturday evening last, in which is a letter
fiomJohn S. Gilbert, charging the Hon. Mr. Levin, from
Pennsylvania, with having proposed "to go m with him
(Mr. Gilbert) and make some money by buying some prop-
erty, to be bsncfited by the building of the dock" at the
Philadelphia navy-vard, and intimating that a similar propo-
sition may have been made to us or one of us. And these
deponent?* ftirthei &ay tlwit the intimation contained in said
letter of *uid Gilbert n utterly false; that Mr. Levin never
proposed to cither of us, nor did either of us ever propose to
him, to buy, or to go m with him to buy, any property to be
benefited by The building of the said dock, or any other
pioprrtv vvharcver, and that nothing of the sort was ever
proposed, intimated, hinted at, or spoken of, by or between
linn and us, or either of us, or any one m behalf of him or
in, or either of u*. And these deponents fnrthersay, that the
Hon. Mr. Levin has never been, and is not in any way, di-
rectly or indirectly, remotely of immediately, interested in
the sectional dock, or to be benefited in anyway by its
adoption by the Government. S. D. DAKIN,
DANIEL DODGE,
JUNE 15, 1846. PHINEAS BURGESS.
District of Cohcmhia, Washington comity, kt wit
Subscribed and sworn to before the subscriber, a justice
of the peace in and for said county and district, this 15th day
f of June, 1846. T. C. DONN, Jt P.
