976
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15.
ham, Grider, Haralson, Ilcirmanson, Henlej'. I K. Holmes,
Hopkins, Hough, George S. Houston, E. W • Ilubard, Hun-
ter, James H. Johnson, Joseph Johnson, Andicw Johnson,
G. W. Jones, Preston King, Leake, La. Sen', Lonsr, Lump-
Kin, Maclay, McClernand, McConnell, McCiate, Joseph J.
Mel)owell, James McDowell, McKay, John P. Martin, Bark-
lev Martin Moullon, Niven, Owen, Paiii:-h, Payne, Pendle-
ton 'Pernll' Phelp-, Reid, Ithott, Roberts, Russell, Sawtelle,
Sc-i'mmon ' Seddon. .Alexander D. Sims, Leonard H. Sims,
Simpson Thoma< Smith, Stanton, Staikvveather, St. John,
Stroud Jacob Tnomp-son,Thurman,Tiblmtts,Towns, Tred-
wav Wick, Williams, Wilmot, Wood, Woodward, Wood-
woith, and Yancey—101.
So the amendment was not concurred in.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading;
and, having been read a third time by its title, and
the question being, " Shall this bill pass ?"
Mr. BOYD demanded the previous question,
which was seconded.
And the main question was ordered to be now
taken.
Mr. BOYD asked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered; and, being taken, resulted as fol-
lows :
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John Ciuincy Adams, Stephen
Adams, Anderson, Arnold, Ashmun, Atkinson, Bamu cr,
Jiajly, Beduiger, Bull, Benton, Bmgs, James Black, James
A. Btaek, Blanchaid, Bowlm, Boyd, Brnikerholi', Urookou-
b'outjh, Brodltoad, Wilhiim G Binwn, R<ifhn<>inn, Butt,
William W. Campbell, John II. Campbell, Cai roll, Cathcarf,
John G. Chapman, Aujjii tus A. Chapman, Reuben Chap-
man, (Jiia&e, Cmpman, Chuke, Cobb, Cocke, Colhuner,
Collin, Con-table, Cianston, Crosier, Culloin, Cummins
Cunningham, Daniel, Daigati, Darragh, Jefferson Davis,
Delano, De Mott, Dillingham, Dixon, Dobbin, Doekery,
Douglass, Diomgoole, Dunlap, Edsall, Ellswoi th, Erdnian;
John II. Ewiug, Edwin II. Ewing, Faian, Fxckhn, Foot^
Fiie-a, Garvin,"Gcutij, Giles, Goodyear, Gordon, Giuliani,
G'ider, G inuell, ll.unlin, Hampton, Il.iral-on, H.irnmnson,
Harper, Henley, Heruck, Milliard, Iloge, Ellas B. Holmes,
Isaac E. Holme-!, Hopkins, Jlotigi), John W. Houston,
George S. Houston, Edmund W. Ilubard, Samuel I). Hub-
haul, IliuLon, Wafhimrton Hunt, Jame* 13 Hunt, lluntei,
James 11. Johnson, Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson,
George W. Jones, Daniel P. King, Preston King, Thomas
Butler King, Lo.ake, Leib, La Seie, Lewis, Long, Lump-
kin, Maelay, MeClean, McClelland, McCieinund, McCon-
nell, McCiate, Joseph J. McDowell, James McDowell, Me-
Gaughcy, Melleniy, Mcllvame, McKay, Marsh, John P.
M.utm/ Barkley Mai tin, Miller, Morris, Morse, Moseloy,
Moulton, Niven, Norris, Owen, Parnsh, Payne, Pendleton,
Pi-rull, Perry, Phelps, Pillsbury, Pollock, Ramsey, Rcid,
Relfe, Rhett, Ritter, Roberts, Julius Rockwell, John A.
Rockwell, Root, Runk, Russell, Sawtelle, Sawyer, Scam-
mon, Sehenck, Seaman, Seddon, Severance, Alexander D.
Sims, Leonard II. Sims, Simpson, Truman Smith, Albert
Smith, Caleb B Smith, Starkweather, Stewart, Sr. John,
Strohm, Shon<r,Thihodeau\,Thomasson, Benjainm Thomp-
son, .lames Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Thurman, Tib-
b.itts, Tilden, Towns, Ttedwav, Trurnbo, Viinee, Vinton,
Wentworlh, White, Wick, Wilmot, Winthrop, Wood,
Woodwaul, Woodworth, Wright, Yancey, Youm;, and Vo.-t
—19.-5.
NAYS—Messrs. Milton Brown and Stephens—2.
So the bill was passed.
THE TARIFF;
Mr. McKAY moved that the House resolve it-
self into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. COBB. State your object, General.
Seveial voices. " l''or what purpose ?"
Mr. STEWART. Will the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. McKay] state what the ob-
ject of his motion is5
Mr. McKAY. To take up the bill commonly
called the tariff bill.
Several voices. " Very commonly."
Mr. STEWART asked the yeas' and nays on
the motion, which were ordered; and, being taken,
resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Anderson, Atkinson,
Bayly, Bedmger, Benton, Big«s, James A. Black, Bowhu,
Boyd, Bimkniioir, Broekeiibion<$h, William G Brown,
Jiiur, Catheart, Augustus A Chapman, Reuben Chapman,
Chase, Chipman. Clarke, Cobb, Collin, Constable, Onitoni,
(,'iimiiiin>!, Cunningham, D.mul, Dargan, Jelh'i-on Davi<,
i)c Mott, Dillmaliam, Dobbin, Douglas, Hiom^oole, Dun-
lap, Ellsuoith, Faran, IVklin, Flies Giles, Goodyear, Gor-
don, Hamlin, llaralson, Ilarmunson, Henh-j, Hilhaul, Ho^e,
Laae E. Holmes, Hopkins, Hough, Gooigo S. Houston, TCd-
mund VY. Ilubard, James B. Hunt, Hunter, Jenkins, James
II. Johnson, J. Johnson, A Johnson, G. W. Jones, S. Jones,
Preston Kins, Leake, La Sere, Ligon, Lnmpkin, Maclay,
McClelland,""MeCleinand, McConnell, McCiafe, J. J. Mc-
Dowell, J. McDowell, McKay, J. P. Mai tin, B. M.utm, Mor-
tis, Mor*e, M<mlton, Niven, Noni^, Owen, Parish, Payne,
Pemll, Perry, Phelps, Pillsbuiy, Rathbun, Reid, Relie, Rhett,
Robeits, Sawtelle, Sawyer, Keaminon, Seddon, Alexandei
D. Sims Leonard H. Sims, Simpson, Thoma- Smilh, Lloli-
eit Smith, Stanton, Starkweather, St. John, Sttong, Jacob
Thompson, Thurman, TibbatB, Towns, Trcduay, Went-
woith, Whcaton, Wick, Williams, Wilmot, Wood, Wood-
ward, Woodworth, and Yancey—120.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, John Quincy Adams, Arnold,
Ashmun, Barringer, Bell, James Black, Blanchavd, Brod-
head, Milton Brown, W. W. Campbell, John H. Campbell,
Carroll, John G. Chapman, Cocke, Coflamer, Cranston,
Ciozier, Culver, Darragh, Delano, Dixon, Doekery, Ed-
sall, Erdman, John H. Ewing, Edwin H. Ewing, Foot, Fos-
ter, Garvin, Gentry, Giddmss, Graham, Grider, Grmnell,
Hampton, Harper, Herrick, EhasB. Holmes, John W. Hous-
ton, Samuel D. Hubbard, Hudson, Washington Hunt, Dan-
iel P. King, Thomas B. King, Leib, Lewis, Long, MeClean,
McGaughey, MeHenry, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Miller, Moseley,
Pendleton, Pollock, Ramsey, Ritter, Julius Rockwell, John
A. Rockwell, Root, Runk, Russell, Sehenck, Seaman, Sev-
erance, Truman Smith, Alb&rt Smith. Ca,leb B. Smith, Ste-
phens, Stewart, Strohm, Sykes, Thi6odeaux, Tbomasson,
Benjamin Thompson, James Thompson, Tilden, Trumbo,
Vance, Vinton, White, Winthrop, Wrxglit, Young, and
Yost—87.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, Mr. Cobb,
of Georgia, in the chair.
Mr. McKAY moved that the committee take up
the bill reducing duties on imports, and for other
purposes.
Mr. BRODHEAD gave notice that, if that mo-
tion should not prevail, he would move to take up
the bill to provide for the establishment of & na-
tional foundry. v
And Mr. B. asked tellers on the motion of Mr.
McKay, which were ordered.
The vote was taken, and stood, in favor of taking
up the bill 115; against it, 71.
So the bill was taken up.
And it was read in part.
SUPPLEMENTAL WAR BILL.
The committee then rose, on motion of Mr.
HARALSON, and took up the message from the
Senate informing the House that the Senate insist-
ed on its disagreement to certain amendments to
this bill, and had appointed a committee of con-
ference.
And a committee of conference was ordered to
be appointed on the part of tins House, to meet
the said committee on the part of the Senate.
THE TARIFF.
The reading of this bill was then resumed adn
concludcd.
And it was taken up by sections.
Mr. HUNGEItFO RD presented a substitute for
the whole bill, and said that, when m the House,
he would move that it be printed.
Mr. BRODHEAD moved to strike out the fol-
lowing item: -
" Sec. 4. Jlnd he it further enacted, That if it shall happen
at any future fiscal year that the levenue shall not be suffi-
cient to deftay the expenditures required for that year, a
duty oi' ten per centum ad valorem shall be levied, collected,
and paid on tea and coll'eo, to take efl'cct after the first
quarter of the enduing yoai ; and it shall be the duty of the
Secretaiy ol the Treasury to report such deficiency to the
Pn>ul( nt, who shall foithwith announce the same by proc-
lamation, and direct that the aloie^aid duty be collected as
above piovided."
The CHAIRMAN said the motion would not
be in order, because that section was not now un-
der consideration.
Mr. WENTWORTH gave notice that he should,
when in order, offer the amendment which he sent
to the chair. The amendment was, to strike out
the proposed duty upon tea, coffee, and salt, and
make those articles free.
Mr. TIB13ATTS moved that the bill be laid aside
for the present, with a view to have the substitute
printed.
Mr. McKAY moved that the bill should be
passed over informally for to-day, with a view to
the commencement of the debate to-morrow morn-
ing; and also with a view now to take up the In-
dian appropriation bill, which had been returned
from the Senate with certain amendments.
Objections having been made,
The question on the motion of Mr. McKay was
taken, and the vote stood—ayes 75, noes 30.
No quorum voting.
The question was again taken, and the vote
stood—ayes 85, noes 28.
So the bill was laid aside for the present.
THE INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the committee took
up the amendments of the Senate to the bill making
appropriations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department; and
j Mr. McKAY explained the amendments as pro-
posed tn be amended by the Committee of Ways
and Means.
The amendments were concurred in, except cer-
tain amendments which were reserved for a sepa-
rate vote. | -
Mr, CULVER said that he understood it now
to be decided, by the vote of gentlemen on the other
side, that when the House was in Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, a member
might, without being out of order, discuss any
subject on which he pleased to speak; and ds he
had himself been big with a speech for some time
past on the Mexican war, he should take the pres-
ent opportunity of delivering it.
Mr. C. Said that he was one of the renowned
fourteen "who had voted against the bill recognising
the existence of a state of war; and he, in com-
mon with others who voted with him on that oc-
casion, had been violently assailed on' that floor for
the vote which he had given. The first attack had
been made by one of his own colleagues from t|ie
State of New York, representing the Delaware dis-
trict, (Mr. Gordon.) The gentleman, he regret-
ted to see, was not now in his seat, but that was
not Mr. C.'s "fault; and, as it was somewhat rare
for a gentleman on his side of the House to obtain
the floor at all, he should proceed with what he
had to say. His colleague had charged the four-
teen gentlemen who -voted against the supply and
Mexican war bill with a want of patriotism for re-
fusing to vote for a bill which contained the neces-
sary means to carry on the war. Now, before his
colleague proceeded to make these attacks, he had
better turn to the conduct of friends nearer home.
His own democratic chief (Mr. Yan Ruren) had
told the world that the annexation of Texas would
necessarily be followed by a war with Mexico,
and that in that war the United States would stand
without any ground of justification before the
world. Now, had a single word been said by any
of those who opposed the bill worse than this lan-
guage of their own choscn democratic friend and
leader? Did not the facts fulfil this prediction,
which had been made two years in advance ? Mr.
C. would turn the attention of his colleague to a cer-
tain well-known circular put forth by the Democrats
in the-State of New York, in which they denounced
annexation with scorn. His colleague, doubtless,
would remember the language then employed. In
that paper the Democrats of New York opposed
the cause of the present war. Mr. C. and his as-
sociates did but oppose the effect, and yet the four-
teen who refused to vote for the bill were publicly
held up before the country as traitors who had no
regard to the country's honor. He would state,
however, for the information of his colleague, if
he was not already acquainted with the fact, that
out of that company of fourteen four had been sol-
diers in the last war, and had personally borne
arms in the public service. One of them was from
Massachusetts, one from Rhode Island, and two
fiom Ohio-, and, if patriotism was the matter in
question, he thought those gentlemen who had
shouldered the musket and knapsack at the call of
their c.ountry showed about as much patriotism as
those who barked in that hall till their throats were
hoarse in denouncing all those who differed from
themselves in opinion, and in proclaiming their
own zeal in the national cause.
Mr. C. *s colleague had charged upon the fourteen
that they refused to vote supplies for the war.
Now, if his colleague made this charge upon them
because they refused to vote for the preamble of
the bill, he could not well object to having his own
principles applied to himself, and he would refer
that gentleman to his own vote on the river and
harbor bill. Mr. C. had taken the pains to trace
the course of his colleague, as it stood recorded in
the votes given in that House, and he found that
the gentleman had voted twenty-one times in the
negative, and continued regularly to vote against
every improvement contained in that bill till he
came to one for the improvement of the Hudson
river; and as soon as the gentleman found an item
for improving the channel of the stream which
washed the shores of his own district, he instant-
ly turned about and voted in the affirmative. Prob-
ably the clarifying power of the waters of that
noble river had efficacy in easing his conscience
and causing him to feel perfectly pure and blame-
less in voting in the very face of his own princi-
ples. But, though he could thus compromise on
the appropriation for the Hudson river, Mr. C.
found his name recorded against the bill on its final
passage. Now, this was the gentleman who
charged the fourteen with a want of patriotism
because they voted against the final passage of the
Mexican war bill. Suppose Mr. C. should meet
that gentleman on -the stump, and should accuse
him in his own district of voting against the river
and harbor bill, what would probably be his reply ?
Fie would immediately say that he had voted in
