EESSI0NA1 GLOBE,
PR IN TED AND PUBLISHED AT T H E CTTY Q F W A S~lnNGTON^Y^ L AI RTRIVE S.
29th Congress, 1st Session.
favor of so much of the bill as went for the bene-
fit of his own district, and had only voted against,
it on its Jinal passage because it contained other
things that he could not approve of. If Mr. C.
should urge an accusation against him on this
ground before his people, would not the gentleman
consider him as the most consummate demagogue
m existence ? And yet that same man could repre-
sentthe fourteen as destitute of patriotism, becausc,
while they were willing and ready to vote the sup-
plies, they were compelled to vote against the bill
on its final passage, because of the preamble which
was incorporated m it. Would not he concede
the same .justice to them which he claimed for him-
self? And would he say that they had no patriot-
ism because, when they came to a bad thin? in
the bill which, in their opinion, spoiled the whole,
they did not gulp it down and vote for the bill >
•seventy-two gentlemen from the Whiff ranks
voted for the supplies though against the pream-
ble. They desired that the two things should be
separated; but m this they could not be gratified*
and surely they ought not to be represented as opl
posed to the supplies becausc they were opposed
to the preamble. ™
His colleague professed great love for the sol-
diers, and he had once voted to allow them ten
dollars a month instead of eight; but when the hill
came back from the Senate with the ten stricken
out, ana the eight re-inserted, *he gentleman voted
for the bill m that form. Might not Mr. C., on
the same ground, aceuao him "of being jn favor of
cutting down the soldiers' pay? Mr. C. had sup-
posed that the gentleman possessed sufficient can-
dor to do even his political enemies so much jus-
tice as to state the true reason why they had voted
against the bill. He would submit it to his friend
to say whether, if the fortification bill had contain-
f"item of appropriation for the erection of a
building near Buffalo for the reception of fugitive
slaves from the southern States, and their more
easy transportation info Canada, and his southern
Democratic friends had voted against the fortifica-
tion bill because it contained that item, which they
could not get stricken out, would he have come
out with a furious attack on southern Democrats,
as utterly devoid of patriotism, and opposed to
fortifying theu- country against the enemy? Mr.
C. presumed not;, and yet his colleague would
have had the self-same reason for making the clwge
sn the one case as in the other. The real truth of
the.case, no doubt, was, that it was the express
object of gentlemen on the other side, by introdu-
cing the preamble, to make the supply bill so bitter
that no Whig could swallow it; and then, antici-
pating such a result, they had their song all ready,
and were prepared to come out against the whole
party as enemies to the country," and refusing to
the Administration the requisite means to maintain
its honor. It proved, however, that in this antici-
pation, and in this well-laid plan, they had found
themselves mistaken; for there was a"large Wilis'-
vote in favor of the bill notwithstanding. It had
been a part of their party tactics to liken this war
to the last war of 1819. They knew that that was
a popular war, and they seemed to have drrtwn
the conclusion that therefore all wars would be
popular.
Now, Mr. C. thought that this war against
Mexico would much better compare with the Sem-
inole war than with the war against Great Britain.
In 1812 we had just eause for war; the popular
prejudices were strongly directed against the ene-
my, and there were a thousand causes for this
which did not and could not exist in any other
case; and yet, popular as that war had been from
the beginning, there never had been a moment
when it was in such high favor as the moment
when peace was declared. When the Mexican
supply bill was brought into the House, this clause
was introduced into it, stealthily making a decla-
ration of war. Mr. C. should have liked the pro-
ceeding far better if it had been done in the style
and spirit of Old Hickory; if gentlemen had met
them square and put to them a direct question of
declaring war against Mexico, But it was not Old
Hickory who now filled the Presidential chair, and
FRIDAY, JUNE 19, 1846.
its present occupant recommended not an open and
honest declaration of war against the Republic of
Mexico, but a recognition of the fact that war ex-
isted. Young Hickory came in at the back door,
and sent his declaration of war under the covcr of j
a "whereas." This, Mr. C. characterized as a j
sneaking underhand way of getting at the fact. 1
He should have thought much more of their Young i
Hickory if he had shown a little of the manliness !
of the Old; but he defied his friends to discover one '
trait of the old horse in the young; one. He could ;
come before the nation and talk lar^e in his inau- I
Sural about all our rights in Oregon, and about our I
title that was so clear and unquestionable, but at of these securities, and it certainly would not be
Inst back he came and threw the whole matter on ,j disagreeable to them if Illinois should calculate a
the Senate. Was that like Old Hickory ? Would ( little about the cost of taking them up.
the old man have acted in that spirit? Or would he | The gentleman had charged that those fourteen
not at once have taken the responsibility? He ji Whites who voted against tiie war bill, if they had
thought, after this, that, thev should call their Dem-j! lived at Rome in the time of Nero, would, like
oeratic President Young Hickory no more. Ho i| him, have fiddled while Rome was burning. Now,
did not. dare to recommend to Congress to declare '| he did not know whether the honorable gentleman
war, but come to the House with a " whereas" Ij played on the fiddle or not; but he had no doubt
and a "whereas." What was the case' Our lj that, had he, lived at that time, he would have
New Series No. 62.
war, the gentleman from Illinois' [Mr. Douglass]
had remarked, as Mr. C. thought, with a sheer,
that he was not cold-blooded enough to talk about
cost on a question of this kind. Now, as Mr. C. 's
State would no doubt have to pay a respectable
share of the cost, whatever it might be, he did not
consider it any convincing proof of a cold heart in
her Representative if he did glance his eye in that
direction; and eeitainly the gentleman from Illinois
ought not to talk here too much or too loudly ahout
not counting cost, till his own .State did something
about taking up her repudiated bonds. Some of
Air. C.'s constituents happened to hold not a few
army had been sent on the Rio Grande, and there
it was understood to be in circumstances of immi-
nent peril. What was Mr. C. called upon to do?
The first thing was to rescue the army. Suppos-
ing a man had persuaded his voung children to
enter a house for the purpose of committing a rob-
bery, and while they were there the, house was
dressed himself very neatly, and then gone up to
the palace and spent the e vening with Nero, whether
Rome was burning or not.
The gentleman had undertaken on this occasion
the defence of the Administration, a thing not very
unusual with him; for the gentleman assumed to
be a sort of leader here, of somewhat small dimen-
attacked, what would be the first thourht that jj sions, to be sure; but whenever any man so much
would enter into the heart of the father-1 Without jj as pointed a lance towards the Administration,
stopping to inquire very minutely as to the propriety i j forth came their redoubtable champion to the res-
of then- conduct, or how they came to be found in jl cue. He had taken the gentleman from Ohio [Mr,
such circumstances, the first thought would he to j! Dki.ako] and Mr. C. both to task for having first
secure his children, and then there would be time !j made speeches in that House, and then written
enough left for further inquiry. So here, the first j! out for publication what they had not said. If
thing to be done was to rescue our little army from II they hnd made and published speeches intended
its perils. The Whigs were ready to do this; they !; for a distant latitude, they had, in that respect at
were desirous to do it; they were anxious to vote jj lensl, not imitated exactly the gentleman from II-
for the bill; but their opponents had put into that , Iinois, who, when he was about to speak, had raised
bill a pill so bitter that they could not consent to
swallow it, and then their enemies turned upon
them as no patriots, because some of them refused
to vote for the bill.
But not only had Mr. C.'s own colleague made
this attack upon him and his associates, but a gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Douglass] came to'the
rescue, nnd appeared as their champion—the Ajax
Telemonofthc Administration. This gentleman
had charged them with loving their cnemv and i
hating their own country; with endeavoring to put !
the United States in the wrong and Mexico in the i
ri ht. The gentleman did not say n word about j
(he right and wrong- of the. matter;"and, indeed, it j
was becoming popular in that House to leave out '
of view all such consideralions. Whether an Ad- ,
ministration measure was right in itself was a thin
lus eyes to about forty-five, degrees, so as precisely
to hit the gallery, and seemed to have directed his
speech in that quarter. The gentleman had,been
the only one upon the other side of the House who
had so much'as undertaken to defend the right of
this country to the territory on the Rio Grande.
Mr. C. should undertake briefly to examine the
grounds of that defence, and see whether they
were tenable.
One of the first things the gentleman had said
Was, that Mexico had done enough to justify us in
declaring war against her, even had she not at-
tar ked the army we sent into her territory. Now
the gentleman had not told the House what it was
that Mexico had done, but left that to be guessed
at. It was true that Mexico did owe us some of
the instalments on her debt. But this was scarcely
a cause of war; at least it did not lie in our mouth's
pot to be discussed; but lis who could jump fur-
thest in whatever way the. Administration pointed jj to say so, when there had been a time that the
its finger; he who could out-Herod Herod, and I notes of our own Government were hawked about
t'dk the loudest and the most furiously, proved |! the money market, and could scarce find bidders at
himself the best Democrat of them all: "and those
who would not follow him to whatever he chosc to
go, were all cowards and traitors.
Mr. C.'s friend from Ohio [Mr. Delano] had
referred to the climate of Mexico as likely to prove
destructive to raw troops, and had argued to show
that the President had no right whatever to send
an army and post it on the banks of the Rio Grande,
because that was a part of Mexico, and the act was
an act of aggression and invasion. The gentleman
from Illinois hud not met the argument. He had
not attempted to deny the fact stated; indeed, the
nature of the climate was a fact v.-hi-'h ro man
could denv. The history of Texas, lately pub- :
lished by General Green, 'fully stated the fact, and !
an article in the Union of the 16th of May fully j
sustained the proposition which the gentleman !
from Ohio had taken. All history would show |
that the climate of those regions was sickly in the '
summer, and likely to prove fatal to persons not
accustomed to it. It was, therefore, a dangerous
thing to send raw troops into such a clime.. That
was the fact, although Mr. C. knew it was very
unpopular to say so. j
And then, on the subject of the expense of this 1
any price, and still less did it lie in the mouths of
gentlemen coming from States which had openly
and disgracefully repudiated their debts. This,
Mexico had never done. She had acknowledged
and was struggling to pay her obligations; and yet
these, war-hawks would pounce upon that faction-
torn and priest-ridden people, and make it a cause
of war that they had not been able to meet all their
engagements. As soon as informed that she failed
to take up some of her bonds, we claimed at once
the right to take territory which she said belonged
to her. When she found this, was it very won-
derful if she should hesitate to pay the obligations
which yet remained? We began the quarrel; we
commenced by committing depredations on what
she held to be her rights.
Mr. McCLERNAND here interposed, and wish-
ed to put to Mr. Culver a question; but
Mr. CULVER declined to yield the floor. It
was so seldom that any gentleman on his side the
House got an opportunity to speak that he could
not consent to have his time occupied.
Mr. McCLERNAND said that the gentleman
uttered gross slanders on a whole State, because
some offence had been given to him by one of its
