1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
979
we could have no pretensions? Was not this an
act of open hostility? And yet he sent a hill into
this House, commencing with a falsehood, and
couched under a shameful whereas.
While Congress was in session, and in consti-
tutional possession of the war-power, this upstart
President, without their sanction and without con-
sulting them, ordered this act of aggression on the
territory of a neighboring Power. If an act like
this had been done twenty-five years ago, under
the Administration of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, what could have saved them from an im-
Eeachment? But now the man who rode the
_ ardest over the Constitution, and who trampled
it with the most contempt beneath his feet, had the
highest claims to popularity. True bravery was ,
now exhibited against that once venerated instru-
ment, and the man who jierpetrated an act that
suited his own political views, without stopping
for a moment to inquire whether it was constitu-
tional or not, ho was the hero of modern Democ-
racy.
Mr. C. meant to cast no reflection on the course
of his Whig friends who had deemed it their duty
to vote for the Mexican bill. He did riot, doubt
that if they had earlier seen the cloven foot, in-
stead of the little Spartan band of fourteen, there
■would have been a minority of some fifty or sixty
against the bill. Where was the Whig who, in
this debate, had spoken one word against the
Mexican war more startling than the expressions
used by Mr. Van Buren in his famous letter. It
was a very remarkable thing that, in that paper,
Mr. Van Buren had for once committed himself,
and it was the first time in his life. He had there
declared that the annexation of Texas would be
the assumption of a war with Mexico, and that in
such a war we never could justify ourselves be-
fore the world. [Mr. C. here quoted the letter.]
He again put it to gentlemen to say whether any
Whig had employed stronger language than that?
Our Ohio Democrats, who had shed tears of lam-
entation over the rejection of Mr. Van Buren, and
the downfall of his hopes, seemed to have entirely
forgotten all this, anil now they thought to mnke
black white, and act in the face of their own doc-
trines: but surely, of all men, these gentlemen
ought to keep silence on a question like this. Be-
fore they made their threats here with declaiming
against the Whigs for denouncing this Mexican
war, let them read once more tbe language of their
own Magnus Apollo. Such an authority ought to
satisfy the West.
Now, he would address himself t<? the Dutch
Democracy of Pennsylvania. These gentlemen,
too, ought to be silent about this Texan lioundary.
The chairman of the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs (Mr. C. J. Inoersoll) had told the House
in 1845 whers the southern boundary of Texas
was. He said- not a wofd about the Rio Grande.
He said that the hand of God had marked an
eternal boundary between the Spanish and the
Anglo-Saxon race by interposing the great Mus-
tang Desert.
But Mr. C.'s time was nearly gone; before he
resumed his seat, he had yet an authority to read
to the gentlemen from South Carolina. The first
he should quote was that of Mr. McDuffie, the
second that of Mr. Calhoun. Whatever might be
Mr. McDuffie's faults, he had one excellent qual-
ity; he was always honest, always bold. He was
totally free from the evil propensities of the New
Yorlc Democracy. Let southern gentlemen hear
what Governor McDuffie said in 1836. He had
opposed even the recognition of Texan independ-
ence. [Here Mr. C. quoted Mr. McDuffie.]
What Whig had ever said more than that? But
he would give them the authority of Mr. Calhoun
in 1844. [Here Mr. C. quoted the language of
Mr. Calhoun from a note in General Green's His-
tory of Texas.] That gentleman said, that the
boundary question had purposely been left open.
Texas had oeen annexed without any specification
of boundary, yet Mr. James K. Polk undertook
to settle the question by the sword.
And now, having but a minute left, he would
occupy it in saying a word to the bill of the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Ratiibun] ifor secu-
ring a rotation in office. It was, as the gentleman
said, truly mournful to see how Virginia had eaten
up all the loaves and fishes. Why did not New
York insist upon her share? Why did she not go
boldly to Mr. Polk and say to him, Sir, we elected
you; if you do not give us our share of the Gov-
ernment strawberries, we will do as Virginia does;
we will kick up our heels and wheel out of line.
Here the Chairman's hammer fell, and Mr. C.
resumed his seat.
On motion of Mr. PILLSBURY, the committee
then rose and reported.
THE TARIFF BILL.
On motion of Mr. HUNGERFORD, his sub-
stitute for the tariff bill was ordered to be printed.
And on motion of Mr. PRF.STON KING, the
usual number of the bill itself was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. GILES asked leave to offer a resolution.
Objected to.
THE INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. McTCAY offered a resolution providing that
the debate on this bill shall cease to-morrow at
twelve o'clock.
Mr. CUMMINS moved to amend by inserting
one o'clock. He had some amendments to offer,
on which explanations would be necessary.
Mr. CROZIER moved two o'clock.
Which last-named amendment was agreed to.
And the resolution, thus amended, was adopted.
Mr. BEDINGER made an unsuccessful effort
to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of making preparations for the manufacture of
an increased number of arms at the national armo-
ries of Springfield and Harper's Ferry.
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, June. 16, 1846.
A messnge was received from the President of
the United States, made in compliance with a res-
olution of the 3d instant, calling for information in
relation to the finances.
The message and accompanying report from the
Secretary of the Treasury was read.
On rnotion of Mr. SPEIGHT, the message and
accompanying documents were referred to the
Committee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report made by the Secretary of the Treasu-
ry, in compliance, with a resolution of the 22d ulti-
mo, in relation to the spoliations by the American
troops in Florida during the Seminole war.
On motion by Mr. FAIRFIELD;
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of al-
lowing .Tames Wilson the regular compensation of
sailmaker, for services performed by him on board
the United States ship Yorktown, on her late
cruise.
Mr, CLAYTON, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to bring in a bill requiring ap-
prentices to be employed on board vessels engaged
in the coasting trade; which was twicp read, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. ASHLEY, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to bring in a bill to grant a
quantity of public land to the State of Arkansas
for purposes of internal improvement. Head a
first and second time, and referred to tlie Commit-
tee on the public Lands.
The following bills were severally read a third
time and passed:
The bill giving the assent of Congress to a change
of the compact entered into between the United
States and the State of Arkansas on her admission
into the Union.
The bill for the relief of .T. Throckmorton.
The bill for the relief of Benjamin Adams & Co.
and others.
The joint resolution for the relief of Orlando Salt-
marsh and William Fuller.
POST-OFFICE APPROPRIATIONS.
The bill making appropriation for the Post Office
Department for the year ending on the 30th June,
1847, was also read a third time and passed. _
The joint resolution in relation to the issuing of
grants of certain lands in Louisiana was taken up
on its passage; when
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, addressed the
Senate, recapitulating the arguments he had before
urged in favor of the claim.
Mr. HANNEGAN, expressing his opposition
to the resolution, moved to lay it on the table, and
asked for the yeas and nays, which were ordered.
The question was then taken, and decided in the
negative—ayes 18, noes 30.
The question recurring on the motion made on a
preceding day, by Mr. Atchison, to lecommitthe
resolution to the Committee on the Judiciary,
On the suggestion of Mr. McDUFFIE, the fur-
ther consideration of the subject was postponed
until to-morrow.
A bill from the House of Representatives, ma-
king appropriations for the naval service for the
: year ending 30th June, 1847, was read a first and
i second time, and referred to the Committee on
Finance.
CHAIRMAN OF FOREIGN RELATIONS.
The Senate then proceeded to the special order,
being the election of a Chairman of the Committee
on Foieign Rel.mons, in the place of Mr. Allen.
First ballot—Whole number of votes 47; neces-
sary fr' a choice 24.—Mr. Archer 91, Mr. Sevier
18, Mr. Benton 2, Mr. Nilps 1, Mr. Calhoun 1,
Mr. Ragby 1, Mr. Webster 1, Mr. Crittenden 1,
Mr. Hannegan 1.
Second ballot—Whole number of votes 50; neces-
sary to a choice 26.—Mr. Archer 22, Mr. Sevier
20,'Mr. Niles 1, Mr. Benton 1, Mr. Bagby 1,
Mr. Webster 2, Mr. Crittenden 1.
Mr. BAGBY moved to postpone further ballot-
inn until to-morrow one o'clock, which motion was
decided in the negative; ayes 17, noes 29.
Third ballot—Whole number of votes 49; neces-
sity to a choice 25.—Mr. Sevier 22, Mr. Archer
21, Mr. Benton 1, Mr. Webster 2, Mr. Niles 1,
Mr. Crittenden 1.
Fourth ballot—Whole number of votes 50; neces-
sary to a choice 26.—Mr. Archer 22, Mr. Sevier
lfi,"Mi\ Niles 1, Mr. Benton 4, Mr. Webster 1,
Mr. Crittenden 2, Mr. Bagby 1, Blank 1.
Mr. ASHLEY moved to postpone further bal-
loting until to-morrow at one o'clock, which was
decided in the negative; ayes 21, noes 26.
Fiflli ballot—Whole number of votes 51; neces-
sary to a choice 26.—Mr. Archer 22, Mr. Sevier
21, Mr. Allen 1, Mr. Benton 3, Mr. Bagby l,Mr.
Crittenden 2, Mr. Davis 1.
Sixth ballot—Whole number of votes 49; neces-
sary to a choice 25.—Mr. Sevier 22, Mr. Archer
18, Mr. Dix 2, Mr. Crittenden 1, Mr. Benton 1,
Mr. Webster 3, Mr. Calhoun 1, Mr. Fairfield 1.
On motion of Mr. SPEIGHT, the further bal-
loting was then postponed until to-morrow, one
o'clock.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of Executive business, and, after some time spent
therein,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, June 16, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
Mr. MORSE rose to a correction. He said that
on Mr. Tibbatts's motion to reconsider the ap-
propriation for the dry-dock at Philadelphia, he
was represented to have voted in the affirmative,
when, in truth and in fact, he did not vote at all
on the question of reconsideration.
The Journal having been ordered to be amended
accordingly, was approved.
The SPEAKER announced that the business
first in order would be the resolution of the select
committee on the subject of the distribution of the
tenth volume of the laws of the United States.
' THE OREGON TREATY.
Mr. JOSEPH J. McDOWELL rose and moved
that the rules of the House be suspended, to ena-
ble him to introduce the following resolutions,
which were read for information:
Whereas the people are the only legitimate sovereigns in
this Republic, and are of right the arbiters of all questions
relating to the annexation of fmeign territory or States to
the same, and of ceding their territory, and transferring
Am erican citizens with it to any foreign Power: and whereas
no measure involving either can be constitutionally acted
on by less than the whole legislative power of the Govern-
ment, and under their instructions, and with their consent:
and whereas it is believed and understood that the British
Government, under the false pretence of a claim to a por-
tion of our territory west of the Rocky Mountains, denomi-
nated Oregon Territory, to the whole of which, to the par-
allel of latitude 54" 40' our title js clear and unquestionable,
and superior to all other title, or pretence of title, has, it is
believed, within a few days past, submitted to Uie President,
and through him to the Senate, a proposition to compromise
