1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
981
to the eastern bank of the Rio Grande; and no
Mexican has ever since had a footing on that
ground, cxcept in one or two small villages on the
immediate bank of the Rio Grande. The sons of
Texas have conquered the whole territory that
stretches to the Rio Grande. The Republic claims
the territory by proclamation; but she earned it
by blood before the proclamation was issued.
When annexation took place, no Mexican soldier
was on the eastern bank of the Rio Grande—none
could be retained there. Whatever doubts may
have existed in regard to a clear title, (for I believe
there are very few national disputes in which all ;
the points on either side are perfectly clear to every j
man,) the history of Texas shows that she has j
redeemed the country from the savage; that she j
has acquired a persona] lien on it as property, by j
her defence of it in war. She had the revolution i
thrust upon lier, and she never ceased to defend |
her rights and to fight until the only Power that
had a claim was obliged to relinquish it; and
whether she had been annexed or continued a free
Republic, she had the power and the resolution to
■ defend that territory and establish in it the same
laws and institutions as existed in the land from
which most of her people sprung.
Mr. P. referred further to the fact that Mexico
has been, by the admission of the world, in a state
in which that Government (if she may be said to
have any government) is not able to protect her
■own citizens in their rights of lite and property.
It is already well known and discussed abroad,
that she is falling to pieces; and any military chief-
tain or any man would do a service to that coun-
try who could establish order there—who would
give freedom to the people, and stability to the
Government, and make her what she should he—
the protector, guide, and shield of her citizens.
Mexico has ceased to be a government for all that
government was instituted for.
To acquire her territory, no Texan desired; to
see her people enjoying the privileges that are en-
joyed by the Anglo-Saxon race, was all that they
"wished for. The settlement of Texas, and of the
eounty in which I reside, was founded on princi-
ples as noble, pure, and honest, as those in which
any people ever settled any country. The Pilgrims
who landed at Plymouth Rock had no higher
claims to patriotism or to elevated character than
had the settlers of the county of Austin. They
went there to labor, to cultivate the soil, to find
homes for themselves and their children, to estab-
lish the institutions and to enjoy the blessings of
freedom, and to mind their own business; awl a
traveller may pass through that country and see
the traces of fifteen years severe labor in the com-
fort enjoyed, the wealth acquired, in thc social and
refined feelings" and the social institutions and es-
tablishments of life which, in other parts of the
country, it has taken one hundred years to estab-
lish. They were brave, worthy citizens; they
went there with property; they went there to add
to it in the pursuit of honest, industrious, perse-
vering labors. They were forced by circum-
stances to take the alternative of war or dishonor;
they did what the citizens of a free and indepen-
dent Republic should do—they refused to adopt
any course of action which would lead them to
submit to dishonor or disgrace.
Mr. P. proceeded to a spirited defence of his
own constituents. Born in the North—in one of
the States of this Union—among a people who ob-
serve all the relations, and discharge with fidelity
and punctuality, all the obligations of life, he hoped
the delegation from Maine would pardon him
when he"said that the people o.f Texas would not
suffer by a comparison with these his old acquaint-
ances and associates in the State which they rep-
resent. They .were their equals in everything
which adorns human nature; the vices to the
charge of which they were liable, were those
which were not disconnected with the noblest de-
velopments of human liberty, and the highest ad
vances of h.uman civilization.. Honor, bravery
amounting almost to rashness, a determination to
submit to no aggressions on their rights, and chiv-
alry, wer.e the characteristics of all classes, from
the highest to the lowest. Could men be accused
of being an ignoble, an inferior class, when they
established for themselves a free government over
their own land, pay their debts, and, in their cor-
porate form, discharge all the obligations which
belong to older Governments ? That trait of char-
acter alone—their resolution to do all these things,
and their efficiency in carrying them out—would
stamp the Texans as no ordinary men. The Tex-
ans, I know, are of the same Wood and kindred
with those assembled in this Hall, and they have
shown by all their acts that they are not unworthy
of their connexion. Although stigmatized by the
Mexicans as a serpent, which they have warmed
in their bosom, until it has gained sufficient vitali-
ty to turn round and defend themselves from the
aggressions and wrongs of their pretended protect-
ors, if serpent at all, they are like the brazen ser-
pent of old, which, to look upon by that Govern-
ment, whose body politic is covered and deformed
by leprosy, will heal them. That country, from i
which we have separated, requires ft chastening j
hand; they require something to teach them to re- !
gavd the rights of others, upon which they have |
U M^P.', ill further portraying the unsoundness upon the President—without iirIP^chin? dishonor,
of political constitution and the perfidious and re- :! changes were runs: upon y
volting condition of Mexico, referred to Zavala,
formerly a member of the cabinet of Mexico, and
continue the boundaries where the Texans had
evidenced that they were capable of defending them.
It was not necessary thnt they should have walked
up to the very banks of the Rio Grande, because,
after they left the Nueces, there was no natural
boundary until the Rio Grande. To the genera-
tion that occupy Texas, the boundary agreed upon
by the United States would be of httle moment,
heeause every citizen owning lands beyond the
Nueces (had the boundary been fixed there) would
have had a fair claim on the United States for his
property. .
Mr. P. could hardly find himself willing to reply
to that part of the speech of the gentleman from
New York, in which, after making Texas the
means of assault upon the Administration, he de-
scended to a species of attack never exhibited in
Texas, in which, without fixing anything wrong
minister to France, who left that country voUm- :
tarily, its oppressions having becomc intolerable to ,j
any man whose spirit was the spirit of freedom; ||
ani to the similar instance of Navarro, who sub-
mitted to a long imprisonment before he would
voluntarily go back to that country. He could u
also cite the State of Yucatan, which separated •
itself from connexion with the mother Government
without plea of robbery or theft committed upon
her, hut because the liberty of the country had been
frittered away, and it had at last become the sport j
and the victim of a bloated priesthood and a mill- I.
tary despotism—to whose rule no lover of freedom
would submit. Towards the people of Mexico he :
had no ill feelings. He paid a high tribute to the -
amiability and other virtues of their character, and ;
of their high capabilities, provided they could be j
developed under the influence of a favoring gov- '
ernment and the institutions of freedom. He num-
bered Mexicans among his constituents; he knew
them to be quiet, industrious, enterprising men,
and worthy citizens; and if the Mexicans were
degraded at all, he said it was the fault of their
would-be masters. All the war that wns canied on
now was carried on, in his opinion, in defonco of
human liberty. Any traveller in the country ad-
jacent to the Colorado and the Guadaloupe would
find the inhabitants—the Texans settled on that
frontier, whom he represented—men of* substance,
liberal, generous in all their views, upright in their
deportment, attentive to their own business, and
thriving citizens. They have no desire to conquer
Mexico; the}'-sat down there quietly; during ten
years of the time they have lived there, at every
season not knowinsr when they sowed who should
reap, they defended themselves against Mexico
and against the Indians, who were incited to plun-
der by the Mexicans; their numbers, by their con-
stant exposure to dangers and hardships, have
greatly diminished; and I venture the assertion,
Young Hickory,"&c. What was the object of
such a course of procedure? Fix a charge upon
any man, point out what he has done, and whether
he* be friend or foe that charge would go for all it
was worth. But merely in general terms to pour
outhis denunciations against the Pvesident-—-to call
him a mushroom, and such like—was of little avail*
The high functionary which was the object of the
attack, was one whose head was white with labors
in the service of this nation. These halls testified to
the ability and industry with which he pursued his
career to nonor and to gloi y. He bears along with
him the respect and the esteem of the wise and
gcod Horn one end of this continent to the other;
and in a particular manner he has won the hearts
of the people I have the honor to represent. He
knew their worth; despite this flimsy slang "which
was heaped upon them, he took the acts of the
Texans as marks that they were not a degenerate
race. I will not reply to such language as I have
heard in regard to Texans—the sneer, the scofr,
and the malignant charges; they pioceed from crea-
tures whose instinct it is to light on the rotten part,
and leave the sounder flesh to nobler appetites.
One part of the gentleman's speech I desire par-
ticularly to notice, because it conveys an untruth,
unintentional, no doubt. It is that part in which
the gentleman states that General Houston made a
treaty with Santa Ana in regard to boundary. I
allude to it with more pleasure, because it enables
me to contradict a report so injurious to that dis-
tinguished'individual, and to the character of the
nation. He released Santa A.na without condi-
tion, not because he deserved to be released, but
because it was a sound policy, thereby establish-
ing the magnanimity of Texans, in releasing a cul-
prit whose life was forfeited, and gaining the good
opinion of the world.
The resolutions of Texas that show our claim
to the Rio Grande had been compared to the resolu-
tion of the Baltimore convention claiming the right
! of the United States in the Oregon territory to
> 54° 40'. Whatever the title of the United States
that one-half of the band ofTexan patriots now ; •     
sleep beneath tin: clods of the valley, who were j: might have been to Oregon, (and Ibelieve it was
hale, vigorous men when I went there. Was this [j once good,) it has no para _
no payment for the land which they occupied? j! the Republic of Texas to the
Was not this earning a title to it which was ac- i it. I hat declaration m regmd to . 4 _ _ , .
knowledgod throughout the world ?
It. might seem strange to a superficial observer
that the Texans, a small and struggling nation,
should excite so great a sensation in the United
States. They have, however, received the aid, the
consolation, and the rare of the citizens of this ;
country from one extremity of the Union to the j
other, while they were an enfeebled nation; and a j
little deeper insight would show the moral. They j
were an oppressed people, and a people oppressed
found a sympathetic response to their hardships
and sufferings in every human breast. No nation
was so degraded, no nation was so lost to the feel-
ings of kindred and compassion, as to be unmoved
at the oppressions of others. This feeling on the
part of the people of the United States arose from
the fact that Texas was the injured party; Texas
sought peace with Mexico by all the means in her j
power; the land in dispute, although hers by the
best of titles, was not worth a prolonged quarrel,
and Texas sought to settle and heal the differences
by a pacific policy; Mexico, nevertheless, refused
all her overtures, until the time came when it was
necessary for her to say whether she would be,an-
nexed to the United States. The annexation had
taken place; the United States found them in pos-
session of Texas, and they were morally bound to
!' been followed up by a vindication of the claim; no
'i blood had crimsoned the snows of that region; no
; arms had been tin;re to conquer it from a foe. If
1 it was good it was good; hut it had no strength like
1 the claim of Texas. If she had not originally a
! particle of claim, she earned one; she made her
I title good by that best of all rights—the right to
i use what she obtains, and the power to obtain and
1 defendlt. <( Where the statesmen of the United
! States may fix the boundary, I cannot tell," says
I the gentleman Mr. P. wished to impress upon
i this House that the Texans themselves had fixed
I the boundary by the strongest kind of title. The
i sword was thrust upon her; she had to receive it
! or thrust it back to the foe that invaded^ her; and
1 when once arms are taken up, "the spoils belong
to the victors;" and more legitimately the spoils of
victory have never been achieved in the political
or military world, than they were achieved by the
people of Texas.
Mr. P concluded by expressing his regret that
ho had been obliged to speak upon this subject.
He came here, not intending to obtrude himself on
the attention of the House, but to take an humble
part in the business of this great nation. He came
here, taking as his counsel and guide the eternal
principles of truth and justice—those which had
