982
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
always been adhered to by Texas in her relations
■with Mexico and with other countries, arid which
she now wished to sec carried out by the United
States in all questions to which her annexation to
this Republic should give rise. He knew that
those principles would stand like the rock upon
the seashore, which looks down in silent majesty
while wave after wave beats against it and dis-
solves, not shaking its immuUbie foundations.
Mr. STEPHENS followed. He declared his
intention to direct the observations which he pro-
posed to make to the subject of the Mexican war.
He was not, as some gentlemen on tins floor seemed
t> be, the advocate of war m the abstract. Not
professing to belong to the peace party, or to the
non-resistance party, he still believed that all wars
were great national calamities, and til at no nation
should be heedlessly thrust into them. And 111
making this declaration he trusted that no man
would charge him with opposition to Texas, His
course on that subject would, he hoped, be a suffi-
cient guaranty against any charges of the kind.
It was true that he had not suppoited certain meas-
ures, because he believed we should be involved by
them in the consequences which we now realized.
But he had always been m favor of the peaceful
and honorable acquisition of Texas. He had no
objection to the expansion of tins republic, provi-
ded that expansion was effected 011 correct princi-
ples. He looked to the day when the institutions
of this young republic would embrace the conti-
nent; but this end was not to be attained by con-
quest, nor were republican institutions to be spread
by such means.
His present object was to inquire into the causes
of the existing war. And he laid down and pro-
ceeded to argue three propositions: that there was
no necessity for the war, and that the cause of it
was the moving our troops from the Nueces to the
Rio Grande. Secondly, that it was improper.
Thirdly, that it was not right. The Piesolent, m
his annual message, had congratulated Congress at
the bloodless acquisition of Texas. He (Mi. S.)
had rejoiced at it: and bloodless, he contended, that
acquisition might have remained. Mr. S. then
passed to an examination of the correspondence,
with a view to prove his first proposition, that the
removal of the troops from Corpus Christi, in ful-
filment of what he designated as a masked inten-
tion to bring on a war, by the irritations which that
removal produced, were the causes of it. He did
not undeitakc to say what the boundary line be-
tween the two republics should be, but he was sat-
isfied of the fact that the line of the llio Giande
could have been pcaceably acquired but tor thefoi-
ward movement of the army of occupation.
As to the objects of the war, he inquired what
it was the intention of the administration to do?
"Was it to pursue the conquest of Mexico? Was
it that our soldiers might "revel in the halls of
the Montezuniasr'' Was it that we might acquire
the Californias and all the mining districts us well
as the capital of Mexico itself5 If so, he was up-
posed to it. He declared himself in ad\abce m
favor of peace so soon as peace could be honorably
obtained. Till then, he would not only exhaust
every dollar that was m the treasuiy, but every dol-
lar that might be theic for years to comc but that our
arms should be honoubly and Mctoriously sus-
tained. Buthe thought that this question was not \
to be settled in that way. And he cxpiessed Ins
sincere regret that General Taylor iiad not rceenod
authority from the department as soon asany o1iei !
of armistice should be made, or any disposition to I
return to peace should be manifested, to meet it. I
He (Mr. S.) was m favor of the Rjo Grande us the !
boundary. He believed, 3s he bad said, thai that '
boundary might have been peaceably maintained if '
the question had been properly managed. If that i
was the object, let it so be proclaimed here. Was :
our debt to be increased millions upon millions (he j
knew not what it would be before Congress ad- j
journed) to carry on this war? He would like to !
have some information on this subject. It was due I
to the House, due to the country, due to the brave !
volunteers who had gone to that war, due to the '
tax-paying people, that the object of the Govern-
ment should be made known. j
Some explanations followed between Mr. STE-
PHEN'S and Mr. DOUGLASS as to the position
fcssumed by the latter gentleman in a recent speech.
And whilst speaking on this point Mr. S. was
cutoffb^the expiration of the hour.
Mr. LEAKE said, since he had had the honor
of a seat on this iioor, and from his earliest recol-
j, lections, he had met with many things existing in
! the paity relations of the people of this country
that excited his surprise, at least.. He had been
l| prepared to believe that the mass of the people of
the country, both Federalists and Democrats,
Whigs and Republicans, were equally patriotic,
and that there was no party, either here or beyond
the hunts of this Capitol, that would select, as the
salient angle of attack on the Administration which
now controls the destiny of the country, the pre-
cise point of time when the patriot is straining
every nerve to bring out all our national resources
in repelling the invasion of a foreign foe. But
from a close observation of the course of the Whig
party, he had learned that this was not the first
time when they had been anayed agamst the honor
and mieiests of the country, it was, theiefore,
with some qualification of his surpuse that he had
observed the course of gentlemen on this floor.
What wcie the grave charges preferred by gentle-
men on the other side of the House against the
Administration, on account of their conduct in re-
lation to the Mt xioan war ? It was charged by the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. G. Davis,] at a
former period, and by other gentlemen, and had
been to-day reiterated by the eloquent gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] that this war was
commenced, by the President; that the Constitu-
tion of4 the country has been trampled under foot
in the most fearful power that appertains to its
sovereignty, by no lessapeison than the President
of the. United States; that, in oidcrmg the advance
of Genera! Taylor upon the Rio Grande, he com-
mitted not only an invasion upon Mexican soil, but
a far greater, a far higher offence—one against the
Constitution of his country. Without stopping to
argue this question, he might appeal to his friend
irom Georgia, and to every gentleman of his party,
to know why slumbered their eloquence when this
outiage was first committed ' Was it not notorious
before the commencement of hostilities that the
American army was there stationed? And all that
time 110 opposition was heard to it from the op-
ponents of the Administration.
Mr. STEPHENS (Mr. L. yielding) said that
no official information had been given from the
Executive that the army had been ordered there.
A few days before the first battle, the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] had attempted to in-
tioduce a lcsolution of inquiry on this subject, and
the majority of the House did not permit it.
Mr. LEAKE said he cared not whether official
mfoi malum had been received or not; the fact was
made know n through the ordinary channels of in-
formation in the country, and it was the duty of a
watchful sentinel on the wntchtower of liberty to
sound the alarm, whether official information iiad
been received or not.
Mr. STEPHENS. The attempt was made to
bring out the fact by resolution of inquiry, and it
was voted down by the majority of this House.
Mr. LEAKE. This, I am informed, (for I was
not here at that time,) was only on the Saturday
hefoje the information was received. The con-
flict was then known to be inevitable. And this
was the point to which I was coming. I recapit-
ulated a moment only to fasten on the Whigs, as
a paity, the odium that justly attaches to them.
Mi. L. repeated that they submitted, quietly and
tamely, to this infraction of the Consututioii, as
| they claim it to be, without raising their voices
against it; and not until American blood was shed
on American sod, not until an injury had been
committed higher even than one upon the Consti-
tution, and when an enemy was exerting all their
forces to crush the American arms, and prostrate
American power, it was that these gentlemen be-
thought that there was an outrage on the Consti-
tution. It was not until their voices could lend
some aid to tiie enemies of their countrythat they
laised their voices. It might be, as Mr.-Samuel
Welkr would say, an " hextraoidmary" coinci-
dence, but it was an unfortunate one. Is it not re-
markable that it was not until the conflict took
place—until a thrill of indignation ran through the
country—that at the precise time when the arm of
i this nation was stretched out to a\enge the insults
: and injuries committed upon us, that that arm was
, attempted to be paralyzed by certain of our own
; citizens? It was not until the American eagle (if
i he might be pardoned m the allusion to this noble j
I bird) was about swooping to revenge, that he 1
1 found himself paralyzed and brought down to the
dust by an arrow feathered from his own wing.
And this was American patriotism ! This was the
attempt to put odium on the democratic President
and Administration. Mr. L. referred to the anec-
dote given in Wirt's Life of Henry, of the man
who had his cattle seized upon to supply the
starving troops of the country- in that region,
whose hoarse and dissonant voice, in demand for
pecuniary satisfaction, was heard, amid the general
acclamations and rejoicings at the success of our
arms, crying " beef, beef!" And now, he said,
when the whole nation was rejoicing over the
brilliant victories of the Rio Grande, the hoarse
and dissonant voice of the whole Whig party was
heard crying out " violated Constitution I violated
Constitution!" They ought to have commenced
the cry either sooner or later—sooner, before the
battle commenced, or later, to have waited till ft was
brought to a close, and victory crowned our efforts.
How had the President violated the Constitu-
tion ? How was the onus of the war thrown upon
him by ordering the American troops to advance
upon the Rio Grande ? That was the offence, the
commencement of hostilities, according to the gen-
tleman from Georgia. I take the occasion to state
that the President was compelled, in the nature of
things, to select some boundary beyond which he
would not go, and within which he would not al-
low the Mexicans to come. The question is,
where is that point?
Mr. STEPHENS (Interposing) stated that it
was just where the Secretary of War, in his com-
munication of the 30th of July, (from which he
read,) stated, when he gave directions to occupy
the territory of Texas to the extent it was occu-
pied by the people of Texas.
Mr. LEAKE. Exactly that point. Now, there
is a difference of opinion between the peopleof the
United States and the Government of Mexico (if,
indeed, there may be said to be any government
there) on this very point. Mr. L. would not have
been surprised, had the gentleman from Georgia
read Mexican authority to show where the line
was. If we were to listen to them,it would be the
Sabine: for it was not a great while ago that the
Mexican plenipotentiary declared that the annexa-
tion of Texas would be just cause of war. On
the contrary, Texas declared the Rio Grande to be
her boundary in 1836, in her organic Jaw; the
Mexican General, Woll, recognised it as the bound-
ary, by declaring all found within three miles of
the Rio Grande to be considered as enemies to
Mexico; and we within the present session de-
clared it to be the boundary by extending our rev-
enue laws over it.
Here, then, is the precise case: The President,
under the direction of Congress, m discharge of
his constitutional duty, felt bound to protect Texas
as far as Texas had extended her boundaries.
How was he to determine that question ? Was he
to listen to the Mexicans, or to select that line
which Texas had declared, and Mcxico, as well
as this body, had recognised? Mr. L. held that
he acted wisely, rightfully, in going as far as he
did. Would the gentleman from Georgia tell him
what he meant when he said that his [Mr. Ste-
phens's] opinion was, that the boundary ought to
have been the Rio Grande, and no doubt it could
have been obtained peacefully by negotiation?
How had the gentleman arrived at the conclusion
that the boundary ought to have been at the Rio
Grande ?
Mr. STEPHENS replied, that he had stated
the boundary ought to be at the Rio Grande, be-
cause it was the natural boundary.
Mr. LEAKE. " Ought it to be," wrongfully?
If it was Mexican soil, it ought not to be.
Mr. STEPHENS. Then we ought never to
have got Florida or Louisiana, because they once
belonged to Spain or France. I say we ought to
have got Florida long before we did; and we ought
peacefully to have obtained the boundary of the
Rio Grande.
Mr. LEAKE (continuing) said he thought, when
the gentleman announced that the boundary ought
to have been, or to be, at the Rio Grande, and that
it could be, or could have been, obtained by nego-
tiation, that he announced the proposition tSat
Texas rightfully extended to that river; for he
could not have thought that the Mexicans would
have quietly, tamely submitted, by negotiation, to
give up that portion of territory between theNueces
and the Rio Grande, if it belonged.to them..
Mr, STEPHENS (in his seat.) I do not. „
