1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. LEAKE. Then how does the gentleman
arrive at his conclusion ?
We have sent a special commissioner to Mexico-
we have offered all we can offer; we were ready io
settle the boundary and all other questions. And
what did they? They drove out our minister with
a degree of ignominy that would have warranted an
instant declaration of war on our part. And they
ordered their armies to march upon the Rio Grande
—-not to cross it, until General Taylor had been
there for some time. Here was a Mexican recog-
nition of the Rio Grande as a boundary. Now,
when the gentleman thought we could have ob-
tained the'Rio Grande by negotiation, he argues
against the nature and all the manifestations of that
people.
X hese facts, thus stated in this summary man-
ner, he maintained, amply justified the Adminis-
tration in the course they liad taken in regard to
this question.
He would not stop to cavil as to the expenditures
of this war. According to tho received theory of
the gentleman from Georgia, and the pftrty with
whom he acted, the greater the expenses the better;
for they all come out of foreign governments; we
get all our revenue from abroad, according to their
theory, and not one cent of it comes from the
pockets of the constituents of the gentleman from
Georgia, or of my constituents; and the greater
the amount of taxation, the greater the protection
to the interests of the country. He did not believe
that this war was going to be so expensive. Ho
believed with the spirit, the fire that had run from
one end of the country to the other, it was destined
to a speedy and a glorious termination, maugre the
efforts of the Whig party to paralyze the arm of the
Administration.
Mr. McCLERNAND said that his motive for
participating in the debate had originated in con-
siderations connected with the speech delivered by
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Culyeu] on
yesterday. But to-day the range of debute had
been so widely extended, that he felt himself called
upon to give more rein to his remarks than he had
originally intended. It was but justice to himself,
however, to say that he did not rise to deliver any
formal speech; he was unprepared to do so. Such
observations as he should make would bo those
which the occasion might call forth.
Upon the subject of the war with Mexico—its
Causes and its objects—the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Leake] had preceded in a course of reason-
ing and a strain of eloquence which he (Mr. McC.)
could not hope to equal. He awarded that gentle-
man—equally estimable in social as he is exem-
plary in public relations—his grateful thanks for
the victorious sevvice he has rendered to-day in
behalf of his country. Upon the question of facts
he has triumphantly vindicated the conduct of the
Executive. _
Mr. McCi. proposed to inquire briefly into the
question of authority. The gentleman irom Geor-
gia [Mr. Stephens] had arraigned the Executive
upon the charge of having provoked the war upon
a deliberate design, without cause, and for having
prosecuted it, under these circumstances, in viola-
tion of the Constitution. Upon the first proposi-
tion it is enough to say, that the imputation
which it carries is so improbable and monstrous
that none scarcely will Believe it. Upon the latter
he begged to be heard in a few words. It is based
upon the idea that, as Congress is the war-making
power, therefore it is not competent for the Presi-
dent to employ the military force of the coun-
try, even for the purposes of its defence, or to re-
pel invasion. " Congress may provide for calling
forth the militia to execute the laws of the Union,
suppress insurrections, and repel invasions." And,
in the absence of a delegation of authority under
this clause, the President might not have or exer-
cise this power. But the wisdom of our predeces-
sors, in a just appreciation of the uncertainty of
human affairs, and the oft-recurring casualties con-
tributing to engender strife and war between na-
tions, have long since delegated this necessary
power under certain limitations to the President.
As early as 1795 a law for this purpose was pass-
ed, and it now stands in full force. It is under
the authority of this law, without which in the re-
cess of Congress the country might be exposed to
the utmost danger, that the President finds his jus-
tification for all that he has done in regard to Mex-
ico. It is probable that the gentleman from Geor-
gia had forgotten the existence of this law, or he
983
would not have ventured upon so untenable and
serious a charge upon the President.
He says, however, in another aspect of the ques-
tion, that there was no necessity for war, as there
was no invasion of our territory. How so ? The
Rio Grande was the southern boundary of Texas,
so established by her constitution itself. We an-
nexed Texas as she was organized and offered her-
self; and hence the invasion of the territory east
of the Rio Grande was an invasion in the con-
stitutional sense of the term. But the gentleman
says that the line of the Nueces, if lie was under-
stood aright, is the true boundary of Texas on the
south. This is a foregone question. It has been
agitated, debated, and settled otherwise before; and
it would be vain and supererogatory to reopen it
now. Again: he says that the terms of annexation
recognised the existence of a question of boundary,
and provided for its adjustment by negotiation, and
that negotiation should have been lesorted to for
the purpose. In answer, it may lie said that peace-
able and friendly negotiation was tried, and in vain.
We have sent no less than two ministers to settle
it thus, but with no other effect than the rejection
of both, and the insult of the nation.
No other alternative has been left to us than war,
or the surrender of the whole or a part of Texas,
as Mexican moderation might choose to demand.
Which of these alternatives would the internal en-
emies of this war elect? Would they permit Mex-
ico to fix the limits of her own rapacity ? Woulcl
they surrender Texas, even if they could do so, to
the experience of another Alamo and Goliad, after
solemnly pledging the faith and strength of the na-
tion to preserve and protect her? Or would they
war, if it became nceessary, as it lias, to fulfil this
solemn obligation ? General Taylor and his gallant
band encamped upon the banks of the Rio Grande,
to fulfil this obligation, and there he was attacked.
If he had halted at the IVueees, the same result,
most likely, would have taken place; and so also,
if he had hailed on the western bank of the Sabine,
if the enemy could have reached that point. As
there was no limit Io the Mexican claim short of
the limits of Texas, we have reason to believe,
from her annunciations and conduct, there would
have been no peace, if her authority had been con-
tested in any part.
The gentleman from Georgia assimilates the case
of the military occupation of the Rio Grande to that
of a like occupation of the line S4° 40' north lati-
tude in Oregon, against Great Britain, and con-
demns the former because he seems to have no
difficulty about condemning the latter. Now, sir,
(said Mr. McC.,) granting the analogy, it proves
nothing. Upon the termination of the convention,
of joint usufruct, if Great Britain should under-
take to hold the whole or any part of Oregon, it
would be as great un infraction of our national
! rights as any similar attempt on the part of Mexi-
co in regard to Texas, and would as much deserve
to be resisted. Mr. McC. only regretted that the
constitutional authorities had seen fit to resist man-
iully the one case, and submit tamely to the other.
The Oregon question was the first and only great
national question which had been brought to the
attention of the Government under western auspi-
ces, and it was now about to be sacrificed, if rumor
was true. An act was about to be consummated
which, considered m connexion with its antece-
dents and its probable consequences, would prove,
altogether, one of the most extraordinaiy events
which has transpired in the history of nations. A
territory large enough to constitute an empire, to
which our title is claimed to be valid, inhabited by
the free citizens of the United States, entitled to
the benefit and protection of their laws, are lands
and people about to be transferred to a foreign ju-
risdiction, from no other ostensible cause than the
fear of a war which may be necessary to preserve
them. Sir, the secrecy, despatch, and impunity
with which this act is about to be consummated,
proves a degree of practical irresponsibility on the
part of public authorities in this country—Repub-
lic as it is—which appertains to none other in tho
civilized world. A Senate, elected not by the peo-
ple, but by limited legislative bodies, boasts a pow-
er which the House of Lords in England would
not dare to exercise. For one, Mr. McC. felt it
to be his duty to raise his voice in protestation
against the deed which was about to be performed.
He would proclaim its iniquity even if he should
be impaled upon the altar of political sacrifice. He
would stand now where others had stood with him
I at the commencement of the present Congress; and
] he would continue to stand there even if he should
! be abandoned to the loneliness of individual soli-
tude. Neither the gold, nor the elephants of Pyr-
rhus, should seduce "or intimidate him. If he could
not wheel and cut about as a shuttle-cock, it was
his misfortune. God had made him of sterner
stuff, and he would not rebel against the will of
Hen veil.
Events are crowding upon the attention of the
nation, which should alarm and arouse, the States
of the West to a proper perception of their situa-
tion and dangers.
Millions have been expended to secure southern
territorial extension. Florida and Louisiana have
been acquired. This was right. Texas has been
annexed. This is right. A war is waging to main-
tain, and probably to extend southern extension.
This also is right. He approved of all this. But
the West has been hedged by the transfer of Indian
tribes from the South to its borders. The army of
pioneers have compassed this barrier on either side,
i and closed upon the rear, seeking scope for genius,
j daring, and enterprise upon the distant shores of
j the Pacific; and here again they are met not by a
j savage barrier, but by the arm of their own Gov-
I ernment, uplifted to cleave our territories asunder,
| and to thrust it from them. This is all wrong..
| Unto governments as unto men, a time is appoint-
| ed to die. When this unhappy catastrophe shall
beful our Government—and may God avert it!—
what will be the condition of the free States of the
West—cut off from the Atlantic—cut off from the
maritime power of the Pacific? Insulated and iso-
lated in tne interior, they will be reduced to the
condition of a pastoral people, paying tribute for
egress and ingress through the ports of both oceans.
The events winch have occurred to this connexion
may not be the result of a deep, strategic, and
systematic policy, but they may produce as fatal
consequences as if they were. Let the young Sam-
son of the West beware that he is not shorn of his
strength while he reposes in the lap of Delilah; that
he is not delivered into the hands of the Philistines,
and his eyes jobbed out.
The West may mourn in the desolation of deser-
tion, but neither would she, nor would Mr. McC.,
halt in the discharge of their public duties; she will
adhere to the Constitution; she will respect and de-
fend, if needs bo, with her blood, all of its compro-
mises; she will contribute her voice and her influ-
ence to restrict Federal power to safe and constitu-
tional limits-, she will adhere to hard money, equal
and only necessary taxation; she will strive to ad-
minister the public lands so as to secure every man,
who deserves it, a homestead; to prevent monopo-
lies; and to elevate the masses to the dignity and
independence of freemen, in fact as well as in name.
She will neither swerve nor shrink from the obli-
gations of duty and patriotism, but will press on
ill the faithful discharge of public duty, hoping bet-
ter things for the future.
An apprehension seems to have prevailed that,
to insist upon our rights, both in regard to Oregon
and Texas, would be to provoke the interference
of foreign nations against us. M. Guizot's theory
of the balance of power has been held up in terro-
rem. But why should they interfere ? There is
nothing in the mdoeration of their examples to
justify it. In India the red fields of battle are still
smoking with the blood of British aggression. The
capitulation of the Punjaub has just added another
empire to those she now holds in the east. In
Africa, France is pushing her conquests to the
limits of an extended empire. Neither is there
anything in the condition of Europe which would
justify crowned heads to venture upon such an
experiment. The masses of Europe have been
laboring for centuries under the pressure of feudal
tyranny; but a new era has arrived—the era of
thought, intelligence, and action. In Prussia, the
progress of education has called for a freer consti-
tution of government. The revolution in France
has laid the axe at the root of privilege, and no-
bility is dwindling to a mere name. In England
the corn-law agitation has forced a mitigation of
the iniquities of the restrictive system, and Irish
repeal and coercion are still left to complete the
great popular triumph.
The time has now arrived when, by the reces-
sion of aristocracy and the advance of the democ-
racy, these influences are held in nice balance. A
war between the United States and any of the
European monarchies, especially England, would
