1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
,985
Some desultory remarks followed as to the vari-
rious items of the proposed compromise, in which
Messrs. SAWYER, HAMLIN, G. S. HOUS-
TON, arid McriAY, participated.
. Mr. HARALSON demanded the previous ques-
tion; which was seconded.
And the.main question (on concurring in the re-
port) was ordered to be now taken.
The yeas and nays were asked, and refused.
And then, by ayes 94, noes 54, the report was
concurred in.
The House resumed the consideration of the
amendments of the Senate to the bill making ap-
propriations for the Indian department for tiie fis-
cal year ending the 30th June, 1847; and the action
of the Committee of the Whole thereon was stated,
when—
The said amendments were fully explained by
Mr. McKAY, the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Remarks, suggestions, and explanations were
also made in relation to them by Messrs. VANCE,
ST. JOHN, HOUSTON, of Alabama, and CRO-
ZIER.
And pending the subject—
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, June 17, 1846.
Mr. ALLEN presented the memorial of a com-
mittee of citizens of Cleveland, Ohio, praying an
appropriation for the completion of the marine
hospitals in the West; which was read and refer-
red to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. THOMAS CLAYTON presented a docu-
ment relating to the petition of Daniel Homans;
which, with the papers on file, was referred to the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. CASS presented proceedings of a meeting
of citizens of Detroit, Michigan, approving of the
measures adopted for carrying on the war against
Mexico, and pledging their support to the Govern-
ment in any collision which may occur with anoth-
er nation; which was printed and laid upon the
table.
Mr. C. also presented the memorial of J. Van-
derlyn, and other citizens of the United States
now in Paris, praying Congress to purchase Cat-
lin's collection of Indian Portraits, &c.; which
was referred to the Committee on the Library.
Mr. WESTCOTT presented a petition of Kings-
ley B. Gibbs, executor of Zepliariiah Kingsley,
deceased, praying payment of the interest award-
ed by a judgment of the supreme court of East
Florida, unffer the treaty of 1819 with Spain;
which was referred to the Committee on the J udi-
ciary.
. REDOUTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, submitted an adverse report
upon the petition of Abigail Edgerly; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. J., also, from the same committee, submit-
ted an adverse report upon the petition of tolly
Biggs; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. GREENE, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, submitted an adverse report
upon the petition of William .Bryant; which was
ordered to be printed.
appointment of militia officers.
Mr. DIX,from the Committee of Conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill
supplemental to an act for the prosecution of the
existing war with Mexico, made the following re-
port:
The Committee of Conference on the part of tlie Senate j
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses of Congres-4 on
the bit) entitled "An act supplemental to an act entitled 'An
act providing for the prosecution of the existing war be-
tween the United States and tlie Republic of Mexico, and
for other purposes,'" respectfully report:
That tliey have met tile conferees on the part of the J
House of Representatives, and atter free and full confer-
ence upon the subject of said disagreeing votes, the joint
conferees have agreed to recommend, and <lo reeoinmend,
as follows:
Thai the amendment of the House, to the first section of
the original bill, providing for the reduction of the number
of general officers "when tile war with Mexico shall termi-
nate," be amended, by striking out, and substituting for the
word " terminate" the following words, viz: "be termina-
ted by a definite treaty Of peace duly concluded and ratified,"
and that the Senate recede from its. disagreement to the
amendment thus amended. .
That tlie House of Representatives recede from its dis-
agreement to the vote of the Senate disagreeing with the
amendments which constitute the fifteenth and sixteenth
sections supplementary to the original hill.
Should these recommend ition* be adopted, their effect
will be to retain the first section of the original bill as amend-
ed by the House, with the exception of the words above pro-
posed to be substituted for the word "terminate," anu to
strike out the sections numbered fifteen and sixteen supple-
mentary to the bill as passed bv the Senate.
JOHN A. DIX,
JAMES D. WESTCOTT, Jr.,
CommUtee on the fart of th° Senate.
HUGH A. HARALSON,
U. WHITE,
Committee on the part of the House.
Mr. MANGUM stated that, as a member of the
committee, he had disagreed, out and out, to one of
the amendments; he therefore moved that it be laid
on the table until to-morrow, to give Senators an
opportunity further to examine the subject. It
involved a great fundamental principle, and was
altogether too important a question to be hastily
decided.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said there were, in his !
opinion, insuperable objections to the bill in the i
shape in which it was now recommended to be
passed. He indicated, as one of its objectionable
features, though he believed it arose from inadver-
tence rather than design, that as the bill now stood
the President wan directed to select and appoint
surgeons and assistant surgeons for all the regi-
ments called into service, these officers having been
in the meantime appointed by tlie State authori-
ties, under the impression that it was a matter which
appertained to the States where the troops were
raised to grant commissions to such officers. He
had received letters from officers who had been
thus appointed, and had gone out with the army,
expressing anxiety about theircommissions. Why
should Congress desire to take away from the State
authorities the appointment of surgeons and assist-
ant surgeons ? What a curious compound would
be presented by these troops, officered partly by
Federal and partly by State authority. There
would be an incongruity highly discreditable in
such a course of proceeding. The act to which
this was intended as a supplement authorized the
acceptance of the services of volunteers for a period
of twelve months. This bill authorized the Piesi-
dent, in his discretion, to appoint from the militia
or otherwise, general olficers whose service could
not be commanded or exacted for more than three
months. It was wholly incongruous, inapplicable,
and inappropriate, calculated only to produce con-
fusion in the service. He was anxious that the
bill should be put into a proper state, so as to effect
all the good that was proposed to be attained by
it, and that in a legitimate and appropriate man-
ner. He trusted that tlie Senate would dissent
from tho report of the Committee of Conference,
and that the subjcct would bo postponed until to-
morrow; and he would take upon himself, if some
one more competent did not do so, to prepare a
bill which should be free from tlie objections winch
he had mentioned. ^ He moved its postponement.
Mr. DIX said this bill had been before the Sen-
ate for a month, and it was highly important that
it should be speedily passed, inasmuch as it pro-
vided for the appointment of officers whose services
were indispensable. Great embarrassment had
already been experienced for want of the assist-
ance of these officers. In regard to the second
section of the bill, which authorized the President
to call into service general officers from the militia,
this had been the subject of considerable discus-
sion by the committee. He believed hone of the
committee entirely approved of that provision, but
it was understood that it would be inoperative. It 1
was not, however, under the control of the com-
mittee; they had only to treat with those portions
of the bill upon which the votes had disagreed.
With regard to the appointment of surgeons, to
which the honorable Senator from Kentucky had
alluded, it was to be remembered that those ap-
pointments came under the provision which re-
quired the concurrence of the Senate. The report
of the committee of conference had been accepted
by the other House,- and they had receded from
every vote of disagreement, with the single excep-
tion of the first proviso; and all they asked of the
Senate was, that they would recede from the po-
sition they took with respect to that proviso. He
hoped the Senate would adopt the report of the
committee, and that the bill would pass without
any further delay.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said he would much rather
there should be delay than that the bill should be
j permitted to pass in a shape so utterly devoid of
! principle or propriety. This section, they were
told, was expected to be inoperative. "Was it in-
tended to hold out the idea to the fifty thousand
volunteers that they were to be commanded by
: their own officers, and afterwards that such expec-
tation should be defeated ?
Mr. DIX remarked that he did not say that it
was intended to be inoperative-, but that he pre-
sumed it would be.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said he thought the gen-
tleman had no right to complain if he should say
that it was intended to be operative; that it was
intended to be what it was, and what it undoubt-
ly would be; that it was intended to take from the
States the power of designating their militia officers.
Under the operation of our Constitution all militia
officers were to be appointed by the States; but
this bill, in direct violation of it, authorized the
President of the United States to make the ap-
pointments. Nothing could be more obviously
and directly in the teeth of the Constitution. And
it was not only a constitutional but a great popular
question. He was not willing to be instrumental
in taking from the States any of their rights and
privileges.
Mr. BENTON expressed his decided dissatis-
faction with the section of the bill relating to the
appointment of the officers of the various regi-
ments of volunteers by the President. They would
thus have volunteers for a year's service and gen-
eral officers to command them for three months.
He suggested that the shortest way to remedy the
difficulty would be to adopt the recommendation
of the Senator from Kentucky, and draw a bill of
| three linos to repeal the section.
! Mr. HUNTINGTON, Mr. ATCHISON, Mr.
MILLER, Mr. SIMMONS, Mr. WESTCOTT,
Mr. MOREHEAD, and Mr. JARNAGIN, made
a few remarks on the question.
Mr. CALHOUN said that it did appear to him
that there were constitutional objections against
giving the power to the President. So a majority
of the Senate had already decided. At the same
time, it was highly desirable that there should be
no unnecessary delay. The great question seemed
to be how the difficulty could be best got rid of.
It did appear to him, and so he hoped it would
also appear in the judgment of a majority of the
Senate, that the most advisable mode of proce-
dure would be to lay the report on the table, and
frame another bill avoiding the objections, raised
against this bill, retaining all that was proper and
rejecting all that was unconstitutional. He pre-
sumed that such a bill could be passed through the
Senate in a day, and he took it for granted that
there would be no delay in the other House. He
should be very glad if, by common consent, the
only proper mode were adopted. He was entirely
opposed to enacting unconstitutional provisions,
evei^ if immediately repealed. They should be
caieful to guard against any infringement of the
great charter of their liberty. It was safe in
common times. It was in times like the present
that there was danger of establishing bad prece-
dents,
Th'S yeas and nays having been ordered on the
motion to postpone, the question was then taken
and decided in the negative:
YEAS—Messrs. Areher, Barrow, Berrien, Calhoun,
Thomas Clayton, Corvvm, Crittenden,Davis, Dayton,Evans,
Greene, Houston, Huutington, Jjtrnagin, Johnson of Mary-
land, Johnson of Louitiana, Mangum, Miller, Morehead,
Pearce, Phelps, Ru.sk, Simmons, Upham, Webster, and
Wood bridge—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atcbi.-on, Atheiton, Bag-
by, Bonton, Breese, Bright, Cameron, Cass, Chalmers, Col-
quitt, Dickinson, Di\, Fairbeld, Hannegan, Haywood, Jen-
ness, McDuflie, Niles, Pennybaciter, Semple, Sevier,
Speight, Sturgeon, Turnoy, Westcott, and Yulue—-28.
The question then being on concurring in the
report, the yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, were as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Bag-
by, Benton, Berrien, Breese, Bright, Calooun, Cameron,
Cass, Chalmers, Colquitt, Dickinson, Lhx, Fan field, Han-
negan, Haywood, Houston, Jenness, Johnson of Maryland,
Niles, Peimybaeker, Rusk, Sernple, Sevier, Speight, Stur-
geon, Turney, Westcott, and Yulee—3*3.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Tliomas Clayton, Cor
Win, Crittenden, Davis, Dayton, Evans, Greene, Hunting-
ton, Johnson of Louisiana, Mangum, Wilier, Morehead
Pearce, Phelps, Upham, Webster, and Woodbndge—19.
So the report was concurred in.
RETROCESSION OF ALEXANDRIA.
Mr. HAYWOOD, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, reported the bill for the re-
