980
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 17,
trocession of the city and county of Alexandria,
with a recommendation that it he rejected.
PAY OF SOLDIERS IN THE ARMY.
Mr. BRIGHT gave notice of his intention to
introduce a bill to increase the pay of privates in
the army of the United States to ten dollars per
month during the Mexican war.
[A message was received from the President of
the United States, informing the Senate that hehad
signed and approved the " act making alterations
in the pay department of the army." A message
in writing was also received.]
SPECIAL ORDER.
The Senate then passed to the special order,
being the unfinished business of yesterday, the
election of a chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Six ballotings had already taken place on yes-
terday; and, before proceeding to the seventh bal-
lot to day,
Mr. ARCHER rose and tendered his grateful
acknowledgments to those who had given their
votes yesterday in favor of his appointment as
chainnan of the Committee on Foieign Relations.
He observed that he was not one of those who
thought that the chairman of that committee ought
to be the mere organ of tiie Executive m that body;
on the contrary, he thought he ought to be the
organ of the body itself, or of the committee over
which it was his duty to pieside. And he was
farther of opinion that, when any gentleman was
put into that office by a mixed vote, he ought not
to be satisfied to assume the discharge of the duties
appertaining to it unless called on by a decided ma-
jority of the Senate. Finding by the vote that was
given yesterday that this would not be his case,
he desired that his name might bo omitted in the
vote about to be given.
The Senate then resumed the balloting.
Seventh ballot—Number of votes 51; necessary
to a choice 26.—Mr. Sevier 19, Mr. Webster 18,
Mr. McDuffie 5, Mr Benton 3, Mr. Crittenden 2,
Mr. Lewis 1, Mr. Colquitt 1, Mr. Clayton 1,
Mr. Bagby 1.
Eighth ballot—Number of votes 52; necessary
to a choice 27.—Mr. Sevier 22, Mr. Webster 20,
Mr. McDuffie 5, Mr. Benton 2, Mr. Crittenden 2,
Mr. Bagby 1.
Ninth ballot—Number of votes 52; necessary to
a choice 27.—Mr. Sevier 20, Mr. Webster 20, Mr.
McDuffie 10, Mr. Benton 1, Mr. Crittenden 1.
Mr. WEBSTER rose and said, he was unwil-
ling to be the occasion of preventing the choice of
a chairman of the Committee on Foreign Relation#
by permitting his own name to be used for that
office any longer than was necessary to obtain a
fair expression of the wishes of the Senate. There
seemed to be some diversity of opinion, and he was
not for continuing that diversity; he begged, there-
fore  that he might he omitted.
Mr. LEWIS moved to postpone all further bal-
loting until one o'clock to-morrow; which was
rejected.
'Tenth ballot—Whole number of votes 49; ne-
cessary to a chice 25.—Mr. Sevier 22, Mr. Mc-
Duffie 15, Mr. Crittenden (j, Mr. Benton 2, Mr.
Calhoun 1, Mr. Davis 1, Mr. Corwiu 1, Mr. Han-
negan 1,
Eleventh ballot—Whole number of votes 53; ne-
cessary to a choice 27.—Mr. Sevier 19, Mr. Mc-
Duffie 23, Mr. Crittenden 5, Mr. Dix 3, Mr. Rusk
1, Mr. Davis 2, Mr. Evans 2, and 1 blank.
After the announcement of this ballot, Mr. SE-
VIER requested that his name should be with-
drawn.
Tweljth ballot—Whole number of votes 50; ne-
cessary to a choice 26.—Mr. McDuffie 25, Mr.
Sevier 6, Mr. Calhoun 4, Mr. Niles 2, Mi. Rusk
1, Mr. Bagby 1, Mr. Benton 2, Mr. Cameron 1,
Mr. Colquitt 2, Mr. Davis 3, Mr. Crittenden 3.
Thirteenth ballot—'Whole number of votes 53;
necessary to a choice 27.—Mr. McDuffie 31, Mr.
Calhoun 3, Mr. Sevier 3, Mr. Fairfield 1, Mr.
Turney 1, Mr. Bagby 1, Mr. Colquitt 2, Mr. Rusk
1, Mr. Johnson of Maryland 1, Mr. Davis 2, Mr.
Benton 1, Mr. Dix l,Mr. Crittenden 3,Mr. Niles 3.
So Mr. McDuffie, having received a majority
of all the votes, was declared duly elected chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Relations.
On motion of Mr. FAIRFIELD, the Senate
then went into Executive session; and, after some
time spent therein, adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, June 17, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
The SPEAKER announced the unfinished busi-
ness to be the report of the select committee in re-
lation to the tenth volume of the laws.
MONUMENT TO GENERAL WARREN.
Mr. DANIEL P. KING moved (this being the
anniversary of the battle of Bunker Hill) that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, for the purpose of ta-
king up the bill to erect a monument to General
Warren.
The House refused to go into committee.
Mr. THOMAS B. KING asked leave to intro-
duce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to report to this House
the particulars and the result of the experiments
with the revenue cutters Spencer and McLane,
recently made under the superintendence of officers
appointed by him and by the Secretary of the
Navy, for the purpose of testing the comparative
merits and speed of propellers and paddle-wheels
applied to ocean steamers; and the Secretary of
the ISavy is hereby directed to furnish to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury the reports of the officers
detailed to this duty by him.
Objection was made.
Mr. lv. moved a suspension of the rules,
But the House rejected the motion.
So the resolution was not received.
On motion of Mr. HENLEY, (submitted on
leave,) the bill for the relief of Benjamin Tatham,
junior, Henry B. Tatham, and G. N. Tatham, was
recommitted to the Committee on Patents.
On motion of Mr. GORDON, the House re-
sumed the consideration of the folio wing resolution,
heretofore reported from the select committee on
this subject:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House cause to
be distributed the tenth volume of the Laws of the
United States, in the same manner as the eighth
and ninth volumes were distributed.
The pending question being on the amendment
providing that none of said volumes should be de-
livered to members of Congress.
Mr. GORDON demanded the previous question;
which was seconded.
The mam question was ordered,and,being taken,
the question was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the substitute
heietuforo olleied, providing that the Clerk be in-
structed to return the sixteen hundred copies to
Messis. Gideon. Rejected.
And the resolution, as amended, was rcjccted.
The SPEAKER announced the business first in
ordei, to he the call of the committees for reports.
THE INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the rules were sus-
pended, and the House resumed the consideration
of the amendments to the bill making appropria-
tions for the current and contingentexpenses of the
Indian Department.
A desultory and explanatory discussion upon
these amendments was participated m by Messrs.
McKAY, GRAHAM, and JACOB THOMP-
SON.
The Senate (amongst others) had proposed the
following amendment:
l' For the balance due the Wyandotts on the val-
uation of their improvements on the lands in Ohio
and Michigan, ceded by the Wyandotts to the
United States, according to the appraisement made
by Messrs. H. Kirby and John Walker, pursuant
to the fifth aiticle of the treaty made between the
United States and the Wyandotts, at Upper San-
dusky, Maich 17, 1842, the sum of §107, and so
much of the act of the 17th of June, 1844, as makes
an appropriation of $50,000 for the benefit of the
said tribe of Indians be, and the same is hereby,
repealed."
To which amendment Mr. TIBBATTS pro-
posed the following amendment:
" $57,094 24, in addition to the sums of money
heretofore appropnated, which are also directed to
be paid; the proviso to the appropriation made at
the session of Congress in 1844 to the contrary not-
withstanding."
A discussion followed, (involving the value of the
land and improvements of this tribe, and the ob-
ligation of the treaty binding the United States to
stand by the first appraisement made,) in which
Messrs. TIBBATTS, ST. JOHN, CUMMINS,
and JACOB THOMPSON participated.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON demanded the previous
question, but there was no second.
The discussion was continued by Messrs. MOR-
RIS, ROOT, (in explanation,) CUMMINS, and
BRINKERHOFF, (in explanation.)
[A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by the hands of J.
Knox Walker, Esq., his Private Secretary.]
Mr. COBB demanded the previous question; but
waived the motion, to enable
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON to offer a proviso that no
money should be paid to any white man or quarter
Indian, but should be divided among the Indians;
which amendment was not in order.
The demand for the previous question was then
seconded.
The main question was ordered, and, being
taken,
The amendment of Mr. Tibbatts to the amend-
ment of the Senate was agreed to.
And the amendment of the Senate, thus amend-
ed, was concurred in.
Mr. J. J. McDOWELL moved a reconsidera-
tion of the vote, with a view to make certain ex-
planations; which, however, he was precluded
from making on a decision of the Speaker, that the
motion to reconsider was not debatable.
The SPEAKER, by consent, laid before the
House several bills and messages from the Senate,
which were appropriately disposed of.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATIONS'.
The amendmendnaents of the Senate to the bill
making appropriation for the Post Office Depart-
ment for the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1847,
were read and committed. - '
And the House forthwith resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Kennedy, of Indiana, in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the said amendments
of the Senate.
The amendments propose—
1st. To strike out the item " for transportation
of the mails, $3,075,000,"mcluding $25,000 for the
line of mail steamers from New York to Bremen ;M
and to insert, " for the transportation of the mails,
$2,700,000. And the Postmaster General is hereby
authorized to apply $25,000 of the money appro-
priated for mail transportation for a line of mail
steamers from the United States to Biemen. But
no further sum shall be diverted to any other ob-
ject than the transportation of the mail within the
| United States."
: 2d. An appropriation of §8,500 for publishing a
J new edition of 18,000 copies of the table of post
] offices in the United States, with the laws and reg-
i ulations for the government of the Post Office De-
I partment.
Mr. McKAY explained the amendments, and
said the Committee of Ways and Means had deci-
ded to recommend a concurrence therein.
They were concurred in-
And the committee rose and reported accord-
ingly.
And the House then concurred in thesaid amend-
ments.
And so the bill has finally passed both Houses,
Mr. SAWYER asked leave to report a bill.
Mr. McKAY proposed that "the committees
should be called for reports.
Mr. D. P. KING moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, for the purpose of taking up the bill
providing for the erection of a monument to Gen-
eral Warren.
The House refused to go into committee.
Mr. McKAY then submitted his motion (which
was agreed to) that the committees be called for
REPORTS.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Elec-
tions, made a report on the memorial of Charles J.
Ingersoll and John Taliaferro, recommending the
adoption of the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House pay to
Charles J. Ingersoll, of Pennsylvania, the same
compensation, per diem, and mileage, that is al-
lowed to members of Congress, computing the
same from the commencement of the 26tn Congress
up to the 15th January, 1840.
