1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
987
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House pay to
John Taliaferro, of Virginia, the same compensa-
tion, per diem, and mileage, that is allowed to mem-
bers of Congress, computing the per diem from the
commencement of the first session of the 12th Con-
fress until the 30th November, 18X1. Also, that
e pay said Taliaferro" a like compensation, per
diem, and mileage, computing the per diem from
the commencementof the first session of the 13th
Congress to and including the second day of Au-
gust, 1813, and the like compensation, per diem,
and mileage, computing the per diem from the com-
mencement of the second session of the 13th Con-
gress until the 17th day of February, 1814.
The resolutions having been read—
Mr. HAMLIN asked the immediate action of
the House upon them.
Mr. HOGE moved that they be laid on the table.
Mr. HAMLIN asked that the report and reso-
lutions be committed and printed.
The question was put on Mr. Hoge's motion,
on which a quorum did not vote.
The question was then taken by yeas and nays,
and decided in the affirmative: Yeas 113, nays 39.
Mr. DANIEL, from the Committee of Claims,
made an adverse report on the petition of Orange
H. Dibble; which was laid on the table.
Also, from the same committee, a bill for the re-
lief of Bernard O'Neil. Read and committed.
Mr. HOGE.fVom the same committee, madead-
verse reports on the cases of Martha Cannon and
Andrew H. Patterson. Laid on the table.
Mr. POLLOCK, from the same committee, made
adverse reports on the cases of Isaac Cook and
Vantyne Gray and others, clerks in the New York
custom-house. Laid on the table.
Mr. GORDON, from the same committee, made
adverse reports on the cases of Mrs. Prances
Moore, widow of John E. Moore; of Armand
Martin,George McGahen,Hugh K.Meade, James
B. McCutche"n, and Catharine E. Moreland; kid
on the table.
Also, from the same committee, to which Was
referred the bill from the Senate for the relief of
Mrs. Pike, widow of General Pike, reported the
same without amendment. It was then committed.
Mr. LIGON, from, the same committee, to
which was refcred the joint resolution from the
Senate for the relief of Pulney & Riddle, reported
the same without amendment. It was committed.
Mr. DARGAN, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of the heirs of Joshua
Kennedy, deceased; read and committed.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, from the
same committee, reported a bill for the relief of
John Pickett and others, and a bill for the relief of
Samuel Perry; read and committed.
Also, from the same committee, adverse reports
on- the cases of Naflcy'E. Richards and Zachariah
Walker/
Mr. LEAKE, from the same, committee, made
an adverse report on the case of George W. Jack-
son;,laid on the table.
Mr. McCLELLAND, from the Committee on
Commerce, which was instructed to inquire as to
the expediency of a repeal of the act of 1S44, for
discontinuing the port of delivery at South CUiay,
in Virginia; also, to which was referred the peti-
tions for a marine hospital at Wilmington, North
Carolina, asked to be discharged from the consid-
eration thereof.
Also, from the same committee, reported a bill
directing the conditional transfer of the stock held
by the united States in the Chesapeake and Dela-
ware Canal Company to the said company; read
and committed.
Mr. RELPE, from the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands, to which "was referred the bill from the
Senate to authorize the justices of the county of
Bates, in the State of Missouri, to enter a quarter
section ofland for a county.seat, reported the same
without amendment, and asked that the bill be
placed on its third reading and passage..
It was read the third time and passed, and re-
turned to the Senate.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the bill to provide for the sale of the min-
eral lands in the State of Michigan and Territory
of Wisconsin, reported an amendatory bill; which
was committed.
Mr. R. also reported a resolution to dischargethe
Committee of the Whole from the bill to authorize
the President of the United States to remove the
land office from Jackson, in Missouri, to some
more central point in said district; and the bill to
remove the land office at Lebanon, in Alabama,
from that place to Jacksonville, m said State.
Mr. REUBEN CHAPMAN moved to strike
out so much as relates to the last mentioned bill.
Mr. McCONNELL very earnestly opposed this
amendment of the resolution; and it was as ear-
nestly supported by Mr. CHAPMAN.
Mr. McCLfiLLAND inquired if the resolution
was in order, seeing that the bills had not been dis-
cussed in Committee of the Whole? .
The CHAIR ruled that the resolution was in
order; but gave notice that, as it proposed a change
ill the order of business, it would require a major-
ity of two-thirds to pass it. He also said that it
was not in order to debate it.
Mr. SAWYER moved that the resolution be
laid on the table. Carried.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, to which was referred the bill from
the Senate for the relief of Asenath Canny, re-
ported the same without amendment.
The bill was then read the third time, passed,
and returned to the Senate.
Mr. MORRIS, from the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands, reported a joint resolution for the relief
of the children of Stephen Johnson, deceased.
Read and committed.
Oil motion of Mr. MORRIS, the Committee on
the Public Lauds was discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of Eiastus Harvey,
and from the petition of citizens of Paulding coun-
ty, Ohio, for a reduction of the price of public
lands.
Mr. JOHN G. CHAPMAN, from the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, made an adverse
report on the petition of citizens of the District re-
lative to the organization of the Levy Court. Laid
on the table.
Also, reported a bill fur the relief of the assign-
ees of the late Dank of Alexandria. Read and
committed.
Mr. BIGGS, from tho Committee on the Judi-
ciary, asked to be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petition of citizens of Alabama,
for changing the place of holding the middle district
court of that State.
Mr. BUFFiNUTON, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to which was referred the bill from
the Senate for the relief of J ohn P. Skinner and the
legal representatives of Isaac Gieen, reported the
same without amendment. The bill was then com-
mitted .
Mr. DIXON, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, reported a bill for the relief of the adminis-
trator of Francis Cazeau, deceased; which was
read and committed.
Mr. MILTON BROWN, from the Committee
on the Judiciary, reported a bill for the relief of
Joseph Edson, late marshal of Vermont; which
was rend and committed.
Mr. JOSEPH JOHNSON, from the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims, reported a bill to satisfy
the revolutionary land bounty claims of the State
of Virginia. Read and committed.
Mr. ST. JOHN, from the same committee, made
an adverse report on the petition of the heirs of
Michael Cryder. Laid on the table.
Mr. DANIEL P. KING, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill for the erection of a monu-
ment to the memory of General Herkimer, who
fcll in the revolutionary war. Read and commit-
ted.
Mr. TOOMBS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of James
B. Davenport.
Also, a bill for the relief of Thomas B. Scott, of
Louisiana.
These bills were read and committed.
Mr. THOMASSON, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported a joint reso-
lution for the relief of George R. Smith. Read and
committed.
Also, made ah adverse report on the case of
William Eaves. Laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. THOMASSON, the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads was dis-
charged from the cases of Thomas Withrow, B. F.
Seaman, Elijah Coombes, and Jonah Blackman;
and they were laid on the table.
Mr. ADAMS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims, reported a bill for the
relief of the heirs of John Wall, deceased. Read
and committed.
Mr. MORSE, from the same committee, report-
ed a bill for the relief of Elizabeth Burriss, her
heirs or assigns. Read and committed.
Mr. BENTON, frojn the Committee on Indian
Affairs, made an adverse report on the case of
George Jackson and others. Laid on the table.
Also, reported a bill for the relief of the heirs of
Hyacinthe Lassell. Read and committed.
Mr. SAWYER, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of John A. Bryan. Read
and committed.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, asked to be discharged from the consider-
ation of the inquiry into the expediency of con-
verting a portion of the forts of the United States
into schools for military instruction.
Mr. REUBEN CHAPMAN, from the Commit-
tee 011 Indian Affairs, made an adverse report on
the case of L. P. Cheatham. Laid on the table.
Mr. BENJAMIN THOMPSON, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, made an adverse report
on the inquiry into the expediency of constructing
a depot for the preservation of gunpowder. Laid
on the table.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, from the
Committee on Naval Affairs, reported a bill for the
relief of Joseph Gideon. Also, a bill for the relief
of David Myrlie. Read and committed.
Mr. THOMAS BUTLER KING, from the
same committee, reported a bill for the relief of
Commander James Mcintosh. Read and com-
mitted.
Also, a joint resolution to authorize the settle-
ment of the accounts of Purser Garret Barry.
Rend and committed.
Mr. DARRAGH, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of James Pennoyer
Read and committed.
Mr. D. also reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That five thousand extra copies of the
report of the Committee on Naval Affairs, on the
subject of iron war steamers, be printed for the use
of the House.
The resolution was laid over under the rule.
Mr. WOOD, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, reported sundry bills, viz:
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth M. Adams.
A bill for tho relief of Captain Thomas M.
Newell.
A bill for the relief of Henry La Reintrie.
These bills were read and committed.
Mr. W. also made adverse reports on the cases
of Susan Larigreen, Charles Smith, Joshua Par-
ker, Mary Jackson widow of Thomas Jackson,
Mary D. Wade widow of Lieutenant Wade,
George A. De Russy, and Gaetano Carusi. The
reports were laid on the table.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, to which was referred the
bill from the Senate for granting-a pension to John
Keith, of New York, reported the same with an
amendment; which was adopted, and the bill was
committed.
Mr. BARRINGER, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on the eases of Maty
Crysal and Matthew Tarker or Parker. Laid on
the table.
Mr. COCKE, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of Harvey
Reynolds. Read and committed.
Mr. GORDON', from the Committee of Claims,
made an adverse report on the case of Hugh K.
Meade. Laid on the table.
Mr. PARRISH, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, reported four bills, viz:
A bill for the relief of Edith Ramey.
A bill for the relief of Ann Clayton.
A bill for the relief of James Green.
A bill for the relief of Catharine Stevenson.
Which bills were read and committed.
Mr. P. also asked that the committee be dis-
charged from the cases of Squire Ferris, Elizabeth
Ellis, and Ann Lindsley. Laid on the table.
Mr. GOODYEAR, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions, reported a bill granting a
pension to Silas Chatfiela. Read and committed.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, from the
Committee of Claims, made adverse reports on the
cases of John B. Wingerd and James Sloan. Laid
on the table.
Mr. MARSH, from the Committee on Patents,
reported a bill for the relief of Thomas Blanchard
Read and committed.
