990
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June4
dence which has marked his councils, and the
vigor of his measures, prove that while he is a
peace President, he is competent to carry on a war.
And I hope I shall not be misunderstood—as I
was in some quarters, in remarks which I made
before upon the subject—I do not wish to be un-
derstood as having the " tact" to induce the peo-
ple to believe that James K. Polk, in person, leads
the armies of this republic. I say now, what I
said then, that the armies of James K. Polk (and
all the armies of the United States are the armies
of James K. Polk, who, by the Constitution, is
made commander-in-chief of all the military and
naval forces of the United States) will light the bat-
tles of the United States; and would to God that
they may be as successful as the armies led on by
Cfesar, Cromwell, and Bonaparte, while Bonaparte
fought the battles of his country—not of his am-
bition. All men will say that the forbearance
which the United States have extended to Mexico
has been such as no Administration would have
been tolerated in exercising- towards a braver—1
will not say braver, for the xVlexicans are brave-
but towards a more powerful foe.
I was drawn off, Mr. Chairman, from the con-
sideration of the question immediately before the
committee by taking some notice of the remarks
of my colleague. I now return to the subject im-
mediately before the committee. This is a bill—
or will be, with the amendments which the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means propose to offer—for
the purpose of carrying on vigorously, and to a
speedy and successful result, the war with Mexico.
Owing to the fact that the estimates have not been
placed before the Committee of Ways and Means,
our committee are not prepared to make a report
this morning of these amendments; but they will
be mainly those recommended by the Secretary of
the Treasury m his recent communication to the
Senate. I have memoranda before me of the al-
terations suggested by him; it is unnecessary to go
over them now; suffice it to say that the increase
of duties is generally limited to articles in the lower
schedules. There are a few articles in the sched-
ule of 30 per cent., on which the duty is raised.
The question we have before us is, whether we
will pass a new law, and so modify the tariff of
1842, as to produce the greatest amount of revenue;
or whether we will determine to reject all modifica-
tions, and leave the law of 1842 us it now stands,
with all its protective and prohibitory features, now
that we are in a situation which requires all the
revenue that can be produced by any bill for the
puipose of defraying the expenses of the war, m
addition to the ordinary expenses of government?
I ask my friends on this floor to recollect the cir-
cumstances under which the law of 1842 passed;
and particularly I call attention to the position
which two leading Democrats [Messrs. Wright
and Buchanan] took with reference to it—to the
motives winch urged them to the support of the
bill as a temporary measure, with the avowal that
they intended to take the first opportunity to alter
a bill which has so many odious, detestable features
in it; and J ask those gentlemen who arc friends of
Messrs. Wright and Buchanan on this floor, to
carry out the pledges which those gentlemen made,
and to avail themselves particularly of this oppor-
tunity, for the purpose of modilying a bill con-
taining provisions objectionable in themselves, in-
jurious to many interests of the country, and ac-
ceptable to none. It is said that a tree is known by
its fruits; and if it do not producc fruit now, we
cannot rely upon its bearing fruit at any time. I
will not say, m the language of our Saviour, " Cut
it down; why cumbereth it the ground ?"
I will also call on the friends of this Administra-
tion generally under the pledges made at the Bal-
timore convention. We have heard much of these
pledges here on other questions; and 1 hope those
who have presented these pledges upon other ques-
tions will not forget them now. I hope, sir, if
they have not been faithful in all things, they will
at least be faithful in this, and will redeem the
pledge of reducing the tariff of 1842 to a revenue
standard, so that more revenue—thegreatest amount
of revenue—may be raised 1'iom it. The tanlF which
we propose to establish should not be a tariff for
protection. I am aware the bill presented by the
Committee of Ways and Means is not entirely free
from some objections of that sort. 1 think, myself,
that some articles are too highly taxed, and that
there is a little too much protection under it; but 1
Relieve, under' the .circumstances, top violent a
modification would not answer even under a peace
establishment, and, therefore, for the purpose of
bringing the duties down to a pure revenue stand-
ard, we ought to do it by degrees; and though it
does not in all its provisions come down to the
standard of revenue, it does in its main features,
and as far as the committee was induced to think
it would go at present. A tariff for protection at
this time, above all others, would be extremely
improper. We want revenue,-and protection con-
flicts with revenue; protection operates partially as
prohibition, else there is no need for it; and I call
on the friends of tariff here—upon those gentlemen
who were the aiders and abettors in getting up the
" national exhibition" which we have recently had
in this city—to know if they do not believe that the
American manufacturer is able to compete \y;ith
any manufacturer in the world? That they can
make as good articles and as cheap as can be made
anywhere? And 1 ask them if they are prepared
to carry out the declaration they sometimes jocu-
larly make, that they do not longer desire protec-
tion, but they desire a market. If they can make
as cheap and as good articles as any manufacturer
in the world, as they say they can—if they can
compete successfully with others, both at home
and abroad, they do not want protection. If they
desire only a market, the duties must amount to
prohibition; if they amount to prohibition, we can
have no revenue, and must resort to other means
for supplies to carry on the Government and the
w ar.
Sir, the example of Sir Robert Peel in the mod-
ification of the corn-laws ought to speak in lan-
guage stronger than any argument I can use. We
copied this system of protection from England;
England has found it ruinous to her people
every class; she in her wisdom has abandoned it;
and are we in our folly still to cling to it? Sir
Robert Peel was formerly a tory; he was brought
into power by the tory interest—by the landhold-
ers, to protect their interests. With a noble mag-
nanimity he preferred the interests of the country
to those of a class; he has abandoned the interests
of the land proprietors, and espoused the cause
and the interests of the country. Would to God
there were some Sir Robert Peels in an American
Congress, who would abandon the interests of a
class, and take the interests of the country for their
guide.
But I would appeal (said Mr. J.) not only to
love of country—to the magnanimity of this House
—but 1 will go lower, and appeal to the interests
of the constituents of gentlemen, which it is their
bounden duty to protect. Whencc are we to de-
rive the great benefit contemplated by the repeal
of the corn-laws? From the influence it will have
on the grain-growing States, enabling them to ex-
port their gram and sell it m the markets of Eng-
land. Can you expect that England will give you
a market for your grain without you will take in
return her products? Can you expect she will
furnish a market and prefer the productions of the
United States m her market, when all the pay for
those productions is to be m specie—when it will
operate a constant drain of specie from her? It
would be like the tide of the Pontic sea, that
knows no ebb, but flows continually and eternally
one way. It must be well known to every gen-
tleman here, that when there is a scarcity of the
grain crop in England, and they are compelled to
resort to the comment, there is a tightness in the
money market in that kingdom; and we cannot
expect that England will furnish us a market for
our grain, when we will furnish no market for her j
productions. Now, if we open a market to her !
productions, to her manufactures, will she not <
prefer to trade with the United States? Does not
every man know that no nation can live under a
trade where they receive the productions of others,
and pay out specie for them continually? I call
upon the members from the grain-growing States
to place this tariff on a revenue basis, and then
they may expect, while we are furnishing a mar-
ket for English manufactures, she will furnish a
market for their productions m return.
But I say that in this question, at this time, the
interests of the eastern section of the United States,
of the southern scction of the United States, and of
the western section of the United States, (leaving
out the middle part of the United States,) are uni-
ted and promoted in having a tariff based on rev-
enue principles. The eastern section have this in-
terest; their manufactures are carried to such an
extent now—to such skill and perfection, both in
men and machinery—that they can compete with
the manufactures of Europe. Those States which
have not heretofore^g-one into manufacturing, ow-
ing to a protective tariff, are now going into it.
The eastern section need have no fear of competi-
tion from Europe, if she can produce the article as
cheap and as good; all she has to fear is from the
manufactories at home, brought into .existence by
this hotbed system of protection.
Protection operates as a hotbed in bringing forth
exotics which the soil and climate would not natu-
rally produce; and we find many manufacturing
establishments springing up now in different sec-
tions of the country. Why? Because they find that
from the oppression of agriculture and the elevation
of manufactures under the present tariff system,
they can make more in this way than by agricul-
ture; and it is for the interest of the East to keep
down this competition. I have been told by gen-
tlemen on this floor, and others, who came here to
instruct the Committee of Ways and Means how
to make a revenue tariff, if they make less by agri-
culture let them go into manufactures. Where
would they find their market, if the whole country
were to become a manufacturing district like Low-
ell? No; it is a variety of pursuits, of industry,
of climate, which is to make us a united people—
each portion supplying the other with what they
do not produce. Let the thickly-settled portions
attend to manufactures; while the grain, tobacco,
and the various other productions of the middle
and southern States—including the great staple of
cotton—are all needed. By dividing our attention
in this manner, we all assist each other; all become
equally essential to each other; and if ecjual pro-
tection is afforded to all, there will be no difficulty.
The manufacturing interests, I believe it will not
be controverted by those who have them especially
under their charge, need no protection on coarse
cottons. They say they are now able to under-
sell the markets of Europe—they can make them
of better quality, and cheaper. Then, in kindness
to their southern brethren, takeoffthetariff. Why,
in the name of God, wjll you keep your iron heel
upon us, when it does you no good? Why will
you continue to trample us in .the dust, when you
receivc no further benefit from it? O, no; in kind-
ness to us take off the tariff. You can undersell the
world, and need no protection.
It is for the interest of the E&st, West, and South,
that we should lay low duties on wool, raw hides,
flax, and hemp unmanufactured, flaxseed, dye-
stuffs, and mordants used in manufactures. It is
the interest of the East to enable them to manufac-
ture more cheaply; it is the interest of the South
and West, who are consumers, that they should
obtain those manufactures most cheaply. It is the
interest of those States where these articles are
produced, to lay high duties, that protection may
be afforded them, and they may obtain higher
prices for those articles.
We are told that the bill is objectionable because
it has ad valorem duties. Surely it is the fairest
mode of taxation; and they should be made as
nearly equal as possible. Besides, it is an honest
and open mode of taxation. When you put an ad
valorem duty on an article, every man of ordinary
sense can know at once at what expense addition-
al he enjoys the luxury of the use of the article;
and for the purpose of defraying the necessary ex-
penses of Government, he would be free to add so
much to the price of the article. There is no one
in my section of the country but is willing to con-
tribute his just share to the expenses of the Gov-
ernment. We have never refused, and never will
refuse, to pay duties to the Government for its
support, whether in war or in peace; but especial- '
ly, whatever might be our objection to taxing in
time of peace, let war come, the purses of our
people are thrown open; they are ready to empty
them in the support of their country's rights and
honor, and to shed their blood like water also.
Look to the movements of the whole South;
Whigs and Democrats are coming up to the sup-
port of the Government—Whigs ana Democrats
vying with each other in the support of this Ad-
ministration, in furnishing it all necessary means
of men and money to prosecute this war.
But I am told frequently that ad valorem duties
enable great frauds to be practised upon the Gov-
ernment. To this I have several answers: first,
frauds on the Government will not be committed
when there is no temptation to it, and if the duties
