THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 1st S&ssegn.
SATURDAY, JUNE 20, 1846.
New Series
have not been able to obtain the, paper that con-
tarns them. -But they are said to be in the Intelli-
gence* of the 26th of March,. 1816. Again: in his
report as Secretary of War, on roads and canals,
Mr. Calhoun refers to the system (i. e. of roads
and canals) as well calculated to aid arid cncourage
Go mestic manufacture;*.
But we are called upon as a party to repeal the
•tariff. The party cry is raised. And the "Union
is calling on the Democratic party here to come up
to the work. We have had lectures upon the'sub-
ject time and again; and I beg leave to read two
extiacts from that paper, taken from ti work writ'
ten by a Mr. McGregor, (at the request, I be-
lieve, of the Q,ueen,) in favor of free trade. I find
these extracts in the Union of the 16th:
"If "England has made great advances toward? an emmn-
system of commercial legislation, the Trot'
and United States of America luive actually retrograded from
<st pystem fiscally and commercially unsound in us origin,
snto the most wretched, and unenlightened schemes nfeu*-
tom duties, framed • on the fallacious ba*js of prolactins •'
manufactures. b i
referring to the opinions of Washington, Jeffer-
son, Madison, and all thefathers of our country on
this question, an old couplet came into my mind:
*• Our fathers Jived in darker days;
They had no gleam from wisdom's rays:
Like owli that seek their prey by night,
Their children cannot see ior'ligfot."
Now we live in the midst of li^ht. All the
opinions that have been given by the fathers of our
institutions in days gone by are to be disiegarded.
We are to adopt a new f et of opinions.
Rut my time is running out. I voted, T confess,
for the one-hour rule, and I do not complain of its
operation. I have not timo to go into a discussion
of the. mtrhs of this bill. I regret it the less, inas-
much as the honorable member who spoke this
morning, and who is also a member of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, stated that the bill had
not yet been perfected, that amendments were to
be introduced; and we do not therefore know the
precise form the bill is to take.
It is Hciid that the rencal of the corn laws? is to
" The mimerou<?cu3toma tariffs of the United States* would |i produce on entire change in the trade of the o<mn-
be discreditable to the m^*t ignorant and baibnrmif? govern-
ment; and, when we consider the intelligence of ihc citt-
zens, and the condition of the country, when Cowpvjn first
passed laws to impose duties on the importation of foreign
■commodities, we can only account for the blunders com-
mitted, by an hereditary attachment to the bad example of
the mother country,"
Here (coiumued Mr. McC.) is a paper publish-
ed in the city of Washington adopting such lan-
guage. I do not chorgc the Administration with
it, I believe no one is responsible for remarks in
a newspaper but the editor.
"There is another extract:
" But with all these lights find advantages to guide them,
and having a freo course beffrro them, erroneous view«J of
commercial legislation arose out of rhe wry principles oC
Independence which they declared. Men of moderate am-
bition and frugal habits, like Washington and many other*,
entertained, with no doubt pure intentions, the idea that in
order to be perfectly independent, they must produce at
home everything required for food, raiment, shelter, con-
venience,and luxury. Thisfallaeiotis principle has hitherto
prevailed, but we believe cannot be very long continued,4'
As an American, (continued Mr. McC.,) and
trusting I have an American heart, 1 dislike to sec
the name of Washington in such an association.
In our region of country we are not accustomed to
it. I will not ask -where the editor got hi« com-
mission—I might be charged with (fholing from
the other end of the Capitol; but, I ask, who
mounted this editor with lash in hand, and free-
trade spurs on his heels, to goad our flanks, and
drive'u&tip to the work of repeal? I bctieve that
the newspaper press in this country should follow,
not lead, the action of a free and independent peo-
ple. I feel that i am a friend of this Administra-
tion. 1 took an humble part in the election of the
present worthy Executive to tho station he holds.
I admire him. I admire his noble bearing- in the
present difficult position in which ho is placed. I
feel that I would sustain him in every proper meas-
ure; and I trust that my party allegiance is not to
be brought in question if I choose to differ from
the Union on this subject, i gloried as much as
any man in the election of President Polk. My
own fate in the canvass of 1844 was but a drop in
the bucket compared with the interest I felt in his
election-, and I believe that he will fulfil the high-
est expectations of those who elevated him to
power. I believe he will be sustained. As I min- !j
gled yesterday with the ^ay and happy throng in )!■
the front of the Presidential mansion, my attention jl
was attracted by a small enclosure around a young J'
and thriving tree, I went and examined it. It was |!
a young; hickory; it had sprung out of the root of ji
the old one that had occupied its place. And I 1
thought it was a striking emblem, I believe ho
will turn out to be in truth Young Hickory; that
he will tread in the footsteps of the Old Hickory;
and that in his retirement a grateful country will
esteem him whilst living, and venerate his? memory
when dead. I trust that my friend, the Irish gar-
dener, will cherish the young twig. It stands im-
mediately in front of the piazza.
But I was reading certain extracts. I suppose
now we are to dance Maegregor's reel, an old
try; that although wc have, by the present system
1 of duties, a revenue which very nearly answered
! the expectations of those who framed it, yet that
1 the duties are to ho reduced for the, purpose of
: rai*in«; more revenue. 1 find that the goods sub-
1 ject to duty, imported the Inst year, amounted, in
j round numbers, to ninety millions of dollats, and
; the goods free of duty to about hventy-five mil-
! lions. The former paid an average duty of about
: 32 per cent., creating a revenue, say of twenty-eijjht
! millions. If the revenue derived from an impor-
I tation of ninety millions gave twenty-ciaht mil-
lions of dollars, what amount must he imported to
produce the same sum under the rates proposed in
this bill? It will not he. less than one hundred and
fifty million.*. This will have the effect of drain-
ing: the country of specie. The gentleman from ;
Georgia says wc can pay all with our produce, 1
will examine thnt matter directly. If the present!
Congress adopt the rule, that the lower the duties
the higher the revenue, they must admit that our
country will be flooded with foreign goods, and
must eventually be drained of her specie, unless
we can pay the whole amount in produce. Does
England depend on the United States aldnc for
the portion of wheat and other grain not raised in
her own country? I will ask the Cterk to read an
exract. from an article entitled "Production of
Wheat in the United States," contained in the
Merchants' Magazine:
" Pappose the corn-laws repealed, is our chance for a mar-
ket so much improved? England now annually imports
wheat to the average extent of 1:2,000,000 bushels, and her
importation has amounted to double that quantify. We have
wlmwn that wc have been permitted heretolorc to supply
from our bursting granaries our-twelfth of that amount. As
soon a* the Jh'Uish puce becomes invitingly high, in tushes
wheat costing le^s titan our?, and at cheaper transportation,
from tho gt;mi-e\|K«rttng cumtne-i of Europe. Tl>e yem
1831 wa* one of great scarcit> in England, and during that
year her impoit. was 27,000.000 bushel*: yet our treasuiy
record« show that we supplied, in competition with the serf-
I.ibor of Russia, Poland, and Germany, only 4,338,689, or less
than one-sivth of Umt amount. Embracing a period of tbiity
! yenrs, according to McCulloch, the United States have sup-
plied but four per cent-of the British importation. Repeal,
then, the com laws of England, and the American farmer
can supply hci market when he can place himself on a level
with the miserable and do«iadcd serfs of Ru^ia and Poland,
and not till then. If he can survive as poorly fed and housed :
ifhe can endure to so as meanly clad; if he can conteuthim-
s elf to have his children grow up around him ignorant ashis
!•' eattJe, he can raise wheat and sell it in competition with a
:J European serf."
! A few clays ago (continued Mr. McC.) I recciv-
j od a letter from an ironmaster in Pennsylvania, in-
j forming- me that he had seen a let(e<, dated January
2, to an importer of iron from his brother in Grlns-
! a:ow, statins that there was piled up on the Clyde
[ four hundred and eighty thousand tons of Scotch
j pig iron, awaiting- our action on the tariff. And
| here an American legislature is to be influenced in
: the first place by agents of British manufacturers
j coming into our committee rooms, loading the
i desks of the members with London publications
j on the repo.il of the corn Jaws; and the moment
I your duties are brought down, your markets are
to be glutted with the produce of foreign nations
Scotch dance, to the music of the pipes. Ass 1 Was !i and manufacturers. I believe that if errors in the
63
enactment of laws on this question of the tariff are
| committed at all, they should be committed on the
I side of our own country, rather than on that of
I British manufactures. I feel an honest pride when
j I reflect on the great perfection to which my eouu-
| trymen have brought the different manufactures;
| and I trust that in a few years longer, when our
| country shall be brought to a settled state of peace
and prosperity—when a permanent system of du-
j ties shall be established—very little protection will
j lie required, and tlint v.'c may be able to adopt a
i Unit" strictly for revenue.
My time is nearly out, and yet I have scarcely
' commenced my course of argument. I can only
i say that this Congress ought to act cautiously in
this matter. It is an important and intricate ques-
tion, not to be hastily handled, especially at this
time, when tiie country is in a state in which calm
legislation cannot he had. Our country is pros-
| pcring. Let it continue to do so for a few brief
months longer, when we shall come here under in-
structions from our people, and prepared to enter
upon the work at an early period of the session.
In that com *e we will be sustained by our con-
stituents. The war v. iU in all probability have
closcd. Our country's arms will be crowned with
victory. Wc can enter calmly and deliberately
011 the examination of this question, and determine
on such action as will be worthy of an American,
Congress.
I feel constrained to refer to a vote X gave yester-
day on the motion by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. McDowell] to suspend the rules that he
might introduce certain resolutions in relation to
the Oregon treaty. I feel that my vote may be mis-
construed. i feel that the settlement of the Oregon
question, whatever the precise terms of that settle-
ment may be, is on the whole the best thing for
the countiy. Om- people desire peace. I voted
with the minority to suspend the rules, that the
resolutions might be read and received. I did not
listen attentively to the first reading, and was not
therefore acquainted with theirprecise import. As
an act of courtesy I voted for their reception,leaving
the House to dispose of them as it might think
proper. But the question is settled, and it does not
become me to say anything about it. Whatever
boundary may have been fixed, w.e must feel' that
for the present it is right. Anything in the shape
of an honorable treaty is to be preferred to the ca-
lamities of war. But our country, if not injured
by injudicious legislation, will steadily progress.
Our institutions are of the go-ahead character. I
care not whether the boundary is now fixed at 49,
or whether the earnest expectation%,of my 54 40
friends shall be realized. If the country goes on
as sho is  ;oinff on now, she will soon have no ideal
boundaries, no splitting of hairs between 49 and
54 40. Whoever looks on the map of the western
continent, and casts his eye round from Panama to
Panama ag;ain—who reflects on the character of
our institutions—" must feel that the swift surges
of our population will speedily fill up the outlines,
bearing upon their crest the emblem of ourpower."
Wc, shall then have no boundaries but such as the
Almighty Maker has fixed. They will be, the isth-
mus, the two oceans, and the pole.
Mr. HOLMES, of Xew York, here went at
large into a speech on the general subject of the
Mexican war. His speech will appear hereafter
in the Appendix.
Mr. McILVAlNEexpressed great reluctance to
intrude himself upon the House, and nothing could
have induced him to do so but the great importance
of this subject to his constituents. The question
was between such a tariff ass should protect the in-
dustry of the country, and a tariff laid for revenue
only. The Secretary of the Treasury advocated
the latter. As there was no report accompanying
the bill, (which was said to have been dictated by
him,) every one was left to judge of the policy and
intention of the measure from the bill itself. The
question resolved itself into two points. First, the
power of the Government to protect our home in-
dustry; and secondly, the policy of protection.
First, as to the question of power. That was a
question which ought not now to be presented,
