1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
995
possibly be admitted; Now, then, (lie asked,)
would-the reduction of the tariff increase the reve-
nue? The Secretary of the Treasury, in his re-
port, said t'hat it would;-but he had accompanied
■that report with tabular statements of fact, which
- proved d irectly the contrary.
Mr. Mel. he're quoted the table to show that the
revenue had always risen and fallen with the tariff.
When the tariff had been highest, the revenue had
been the greatest, and vice versa; and this with
great regularity. In every single instance when
•duties had been raised on articles we, could pro-
duce, and our home industry thereby protected,
revenue had increased with the duties; and as pro-
tection was cut down, revenue was out down with
it. Nor could it be otherwise. It must be so. It
was founded on the immutable principles of hu-
.rnan nature and human society. In a country like
ours, in any country where men were left to act
with any freedom, consumption kept pace with
general prosperity. But when business was de-
ranged, men.consumed less; they enjoyed less;
duties went down, and the revenue was dimin-
ished. When their industry was protected, and
their business was thriving, they consumed more;
could pay-higher duties, and the revenue was in-
creased; The results exhibited by the Secretary
himself proved the soundness of the policy which
he sought to destroy. Let any man look at the
history of the year '42, when the duties had reach-
ed their minimum, and he would find that impor-
tations were less, and prices lower than in any
preceding year. So great was the depression in all
social prosperity, that the people had not even yet
entirely recovered from the effects of so destruc-
tive a policy. The tariff of '42 restored the gene-
ral prosperity to an extent, and with a rapidity
altogether unparalleled; and yet, in the face of all
these facts, and all this evidence, the American
people were asked to forego their prosperity, and
to abandon this system which produced it.
But why was this demand made? Why was
this bill proposed ? Not to reduce the revenue, for
we had no revenue to spare; not to increase the
revenue, for by the Secretary's own showing: a re-
duction of the tariff'always worked a reduction of
the revenue. It must be then for something else;
there must be some other reason concealed. The
bill was accompanied with no report, and we were
therefore left to our own inferences. But the Gov-
ernment paper let out the secret. It was perpetu-
ally pressing the reduction of the tariff' as a party
measure. It was held up as a great and promised
reform. [Mr. Mcl. here quoted an article from the
Union.] Here the reduction of the tariff was hold
up as the greatest of all reforms, and gentlemen
were urged to show their,firmness and patriotism
by disregarding the voice of their constituents, and
striking so odious a law from the statute book.
Now, if the great interests of the country were to
be sacrificed-, if its capital was to be thrown out
of employment, and its most profitable labor par-
alyzed, it became gentlemen well to consider the
consequences. The Secretary of the Treasury
said the real question was, whelher the farmer
should be enabled to supply our wants from abroad
by the export of his grain, or whether we should
furnish that supply ourselves. The Secretary was
most decided m his choice. He was for our re-
ceivingall our supplies of goods from abroad. He
took thftt side of the question, and that was the
British side. Mr. Mcl. would not say that the
Secretary borrowed his idea from a British lord,
but it did so happen that Lord John Russell held
almost the same language. Hear him:
" If we cannot geta sufficient supply of eorn from Dantzic,
or from Poland, we may obtain it from Odessa 01 the Black
Sea; or, if not, we may obtain it from the United Smte^ of
America. The free importation of food must necessarily
lead to arr equalization of prices, and will plaec the position
of the working people of this country on a hotter punoiple
than any law can possibly do for tlie promotion of their true
interests. * * * The people of this country are u-ed to toil;
they are used to lab^r.s of the rnot-t piotracted kind; and in
many eases their labors are of the most* skilful description.
The curse pronounced upon man, that he should cut ins
bread in the sweat of his brow, Is alike applicable to the
country and to the town—to the agricultural as to the me-
chanical population. We see men toilim? and laboring, not
from runase to sunset, but for far longer hour*, giving (he
whole strength of their smews to thei r bard labor in order to
obtain their daily bread. They submit to the heaviest toil
in the hope to keep themselves and tncir families m neces-
sary sustenance, if not comfort. * * "V .
"There is another advantage which I think would arise
from the total abolition of the duties on the importation of
erain: it would bind this country much more closely in the
bonds of peace and amity with foreign States, and more
especially with the United States of America. I think noth-
ing of the questions which are at piesent in du-pute; ques- l| this market, the tariff was to be stricken down, our
tions of ternwry. in which, as they now srand, the honor of j; manufactures destroyed, and we were ail to turn
-neither country is cngaced, and rewarding winch Tihmk e.i'm '■ . . rp.
men, representing the Government 01 her and the j; Agriculturists. The consequence, of course, must
United States,might, by a fair and dispassionate discussion, :) he to increase production, and, by the same opera-
come to an amicable agreement. T Six no pro.-p^ct of war r tion, to diminish demand—by one grand stroke
or serious differences arwn? out of the ciicumstnnces If [| f T)0iicy {0 multjply produceisand reduce consu-
we are. determined on tins side to import the products of the 'i ' Z , , ^ / r
United States, and if the Unit«d Sutes are equally satisfied |i mere. And what must be the consequence of that?
to do the same with the manufacture* of this kingdom—that j j Prices must fall, and, with prices, wages. vVheat
they should feed u«, and we should clothe them—if noun- 11 ' ' - n 
hallowed legislation eouhi s>tand.ni the way of the-e desira-
ble results, then we should hoc two nations of the i.nmc race,
and fpaaking the same language, united, in a manner calcu-
lated to remain for centuries unbroken, in the bonds of am-
ity and peace—united in a family compact; not such com-
pact-! as tho*e of France and Spain, amine merely out of a
relationship of families and of court-., but as being one gr.jat
family of tiio same blood, and admirers of the same free in-
stitutions. They admire the ficedoro of out monarchical
Government, and we no 1 e«s value their flee institutions;
and a friendship founded on >uch liases as these, will secure
a lasting peace and pro.-pentj to the uojld."
To this speech Lord Ashburton made the follow-
ing reply:
" Protection had existed in England fiom the days of the
Plantagenete, whilst the whole line o! eountiv opposite, on
the continent—Franco, Belgium, Holland, and Pru^in—in-
coming down to eighty-three cents, labor must be
| brought down to the same level. To give to the
:i people of America some idea of what will be the
: practical effect of this policy, let me read a short
| passage from the Report of the Commissioner on
j Patents, who is a fierce advocate of the free-trade
!j system:
; v< Tii England the average rate of agricultural wages for
i an a!>!'•> man with a fannin is 9 shillings, oi .<$1 OB per week;
in Fiance. >.-i O-l; m PiuUia, 66 cents; inGeimany,$i 00;
iri Hollaed and Belgium, $1 20; m Italy and the Austrian
Krates M 15. The En h-h {aborer will obtain for lus weekly
'' waje;. exclusive of rent, 39 pounds of bread; French, 46
pounds ; Piussian, 30 pounds ; German, 4% pounds, &e.
; " Tne laboier in'this country, who receives his bushel of
wheat a day, or other aiticles in pinportion, will readily
conceive the meager hue anil Mender chance of c laying by
deed, almost every counny in the world, monarchical Eu- :j ai)J thing' which must attend the foreign agricultural Jabor-
  w" *   l""' 'j <<ri js only hy the companions! which such authentic
; statement^! enable them to make that the fiee laborers, the
tanners, or mechanics of this country can fully apprceiate
' the advantages of their position."—Patent OjTtcc Rvj>ort, p.
; )U5
And yet this is the condition to which the Com-
i missioner of Patents (this Bundelcund) proposes
| reducing the labor of the country. A glorious
; prospect! Wheat 83 cents a bushel, and Ameri-
| can labor 10 cents a day. Mr. Mel. was very
giad to be able to present such authentic evidence
ns this from an officer of the United States Gov-
, eminent. Being from an official souice, and a
; Demooiatic source, this perhaps would not be de-
, nounerd as a Whig lie. Now, if the destruction
S of the tariff was to bring the wages of our people
i down to 30 cents a day, it was high time they un-
; derstood the matter, and it was the imperative
: duty of their Representatives to apprize them of
i the fact.
| But the matter did not stop here. While the
! means of the people to produce were thus dimin-
ished, their actual burdens were to be increased by
■ l.i.Ning Unit which they could not produce. A tax
laid on what e could produce, worked as a pro-
tection; but a tax laid on that which we did not
and could not raise, was a burden, and nothing
but a burden. Now, it was proposed to draw three
millions of dollars from a* tax,on the cup of tea
that refreshed the laboring woman, and the cup of
coffee that cheered the laboring man.
Yet gentlemen said they had nothing against
manufactures; not at all; all they wanted was,
that they should go on without protection. But
the object of the bill was plain. It laid the axe at
the root of all American manufactures. The Sec-
retary spoke out. His plan was that we should
rope as well as republican America, h-id its piotcetive laws
and regulations. The noble lord then commented on the
speech of liOrd John Ku°sell, recently delivered af Gla-<row.
lie denied that noble lord's '-tntement, that Emrland wa° the
worst cultivated counliy m the world. Within his (Lord
Ashhurlon's) recollection, the produce of The «.oil in his
neighborhood hud anyniemcd fifty p"i cent., and he \\a«?c< r-
tain that no branch of public industry had advanced, oi way
now more steadily advancing, thnii the cultivation of the 1
soil. Lord John Ru<sell had drawn a channintr picture of ;
two nations of the same kindred—F.nalnnd and America—
(he former clothing the latter, and the hitter feeding the for- ;
mer.
" Now, he (T.okI A<hburton) was far fiom raying am thing '
against the people of Amenca, with whom he had had the j
advantage of nesotiati ni on the paif of ibis country. He !
believed there vvie many most honorable men amongst
them, and for him-elf he «-, w no montid foi apprehending ,
that there was the len<t hkeliiiood of n du-tuibance between j
the two eountite*. lie believed that tfie good <scti«o of the :
country would <nerpo\y< i any disposition of that kind ; but ;
we must not lonret theie weie two partie-- to nu sniiecruent: i
and what if America should tef'use to take nm clothing, i
well knowing at the time they did so, that we were compel- 1
led by the eiieum^tance* of our portion, to take then corn ? j
This was an illu-tration of the ea-e, which had been >o often
put, of the danger of depending on foiejgn eountnes for the
xnpply of food. Whv, the very last time we ha«J differences ^
with America she hud an embargo upon and shut her pons
fhiainst Hriti^h shipping; and it vun clear thai, in the e\ cut |
of a I cent i ence of dl!lietilue-«, lici lii*-! j> v\ ouid lie a^.nn '
to slmt her poits ,>f>fun'>I u--, in wlneh ca^e the supply fiom :
America would undoubtedly fail. But the -supply must not <
be expected fiom Amenea; and we could not, have a better .
proof of this than the fact that, at tins moment, American
corn could come here, through Canada, at a duty of four
shillings; ami yet, if the returns were examined* it would le
found that innc-hntk'i of the foreign corn in England was
from the Ballict though the duty on corn from its shores teas
Firm-:* sun.MRa9 a quarter. "This was entirely owing to
the low price of labor in the north of Europe."
Here was the rnnvkot which the Secretary would
have us rely upon for Ihc reception and consump-
tion of our grain. To secure this mmket, he
would have our farmers sell their wheat at prices
ns low as those received in the Baltic. An honor- ; fred Europe, and that Europe should clothe us.
able gentleman from Mnssaelmsetta [Mr. Hudson] |i Now, this was a blow at manufactttfes m all their
had ffone fully into this subject, and he had shown i' branches; for it would not do to admit cottons and
that the average price of wheat in Europe daring :: exclude iron and glass; for that would be a dis-
fifteen years had been eighty-five cents a bushel, I; criminating duty, and discriminating duties were
while, during the same period, the average here \\ protective duties, and protective duties were an
had been a dollar and twenty-five cents. Now, if jj abomination in the Secretary's nose.
the average wos eighty-five cents, and the British The case of Mr.Pratt,a manufacturer of leather,
discriminating duty against us was five cents, then i| had been alluded to by some gentlemen, and the
our farmer must be contcnt to take eighty cents a
bushel. What a beautiful prospect here opened
upon our agriculturist from the new tariff bill!
And this was the great and all-important party
reform about which the editor of the Union was
lecturing Congress from day to day.
Mr, Mcl. would not charge the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means with anything
like collusion with members of the British House
of Commons, nor did he charge any previous ar-
rangements on the two sides of the water; but it was
idea had been thrown out that he had amassed
great wealth without protection, and therefore oth-
er manufacturers might do the same. Now, it ap-
peared by the renort of the Committee of Ways
and Means that the article of manufactured leather
had protection of 73 per cent. So much for that
argument. No doubt both Mr. Pratt and Pratts-
vjlle had derived great benefit from the tariff; but
not more than was enjoyed by other branches of
manufacture of iron—of wool, and of glass. The
same benefit was shared by all engaged in manu-
at least a curious coincidence that on the very day j; factures, and collateral benefits in a thousand forms
this bill was called tip in the House of Representa- were enjoyed by others. And this was oneofthe
tives i he bill for the repeal of the corn laws went to its 't great arguments for the protective system.
second reading in the House of Commons. Sup- ji Gentlemen might say or do what they would,
pose now our farmers should sell their wheat at >j they would find that the system of American pro-
ei<phty-three cents, and should get in exchange for j; tection had taken a deep root in the hearts of the
it°the manufactures of Europe: what was the jj American people. It was rapidly extending itself
annual consumption of wheat in Great Britain, find ; over our whole country. Wherever reflecting men
what proportion did it bear td the production of the
farmers of the United States? Great Britain con-
sumed about ten millions of bushels of foreign
wheat in a year, which was just about double the
product of the State of Massachusetts, and about
one-half the product of the State of Ohio. To get
experienced its effects upon themselves or others
it found favor. It was only necessary impartially
to view the relative condition of the country when
it was and when it was not enjoyed, to commend
it to the support of every man who loved his own
country better than those of the Old World. All
