1004
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
tion of our opponents, in the spirit of the text:
** Come now, and let us reason together."
In such a spirit I ask the advocates of tariff pro- .
tection: how far do your views extend'' What
are your intentions? This policy of imposing
taxes, not with a single eye to revenue, but witn
the express design to shut out competition and
raise prices—do yon regard it as a permanent poli-
cy ? You speak of it as patriotic; you still call it
American: do you hope to continue, to perpetuate,
to ingraft it on our republican system, to transmit
it to posterity ?
You cannot do it! History, lifting up her voice
of experience, declares to you aloud, that you can-
not. You may legislate against the currcntfor the
hour, for the day. That is a thing within human
power, like the clock over your entrance door.
You may put back the hands of that clock, till it
shall seem as if the day grew younger instead of
waning. But not less will the sun, without, hold
on his apparent course through the heavens; and
not the less will the inexorable dial, steady to
truth, continue to indicate the constant regularity
of Ins progress.
Do you still demand proof of these assertions ?
Then, I ask you briefly to review, with me, the
history of the American protective system; to trace
its rise; to follow out its progress; to note the
symptoms, not to be mistaken, of its decay.
In 1789 was passed the first tariff bill. The
young republic had just brought to a close an ex-
pensive war; and her population, of less than four
millions, had incurred a national debt of nearly
eighty millions; equal, in proportion, to a debt of
four hundred millions now. Her manufactures
were all in their earliest infancy, many just strug-
gling into existence. Then, if ever, a high scale
of duty was required, and heavy protection was
justifiable. Yet how do the rates of that primitive
tariff compare with our impositions of to-day ? On
the single luxury of carriages there was a duty of
fifteen per ccnt.; and on East India goods of
twelve-and-a-half per cent. With these excep-
tions, the highest rate of ad valorem duty was ten
per cent. On such staples as iron, leather, sad-
dlery, clothing, millinery, it was seven-and-a-half
per cent.; and be this borne in mind !—on woollen
and cotton goods (the latter but recently intro-
duced) it was Jive per cent. only. On sugar the
duty was one cent a pound, on coal two cents a
bushel, and so of other articles.
The tariff of 1790 increased but slightly these
rates. And so again in 1794, and for many suc-
ceeding years. Throughout nearly the first quarter
of a century after the establishment of our Gov-
ernment, no ad valorem duty whatever higher than
twenty per cent, was imposed, except on a single
article of luxury, wines; and the specific duties
weie on a scale of similar moderation. It was
not until the administrations of Washington and
Adams and Jefferson and almost of Madison had
passed away, that men talked of twenty-five and
thnty and forty per cent, protective duties.
In 1816 it was that we first began to copy, from
England, the policy of protection for protection's
sake; and to raise the scalp of tariff duties, with-
out reference to revenue. This foreign plant seem-
ed, for a brief space, to thrive in a republican
soil. The tariff bill of 1800 failed, it is true: but
in find again in 18'2bS and 1832, the system,
christened, in very defiance of its parentage,.Amer-
ican. was sanctioned and extended.
One thing, however, is to be remarked and ought
to be remembered. The first tariffs, of moderate
duties, framed on a revenue scale, passed with a
de?;ieeof unanimity unknown in modern days. On
the passage of the tariff of 178'.), and also on that of
1794, the yeas ami nays were noteven calh'd, cither
in the Senate or the House. On the tariff of 1790
they were cedled in the House only, and the vote
stood nearly three to one. On the tariff of 1797 the
vote was more than three to one. The majorities
continued large until the protective doctrines of
1816 were flung, as a firebrand, into our legislative
halls. From that moment they diminished. Bitter
sectional quarrels, ending in lean majorities, maik
the entire period of our high protective tariffs.
That of 1824 passed, m a House of two hundred
and nine members, by a majority of five only; anu
in the Senate by a majority of four: that of 3828 by
a majority of nine in the one house and five m the
other.
The tariff of 1832 obtained a somewhat better
vote; but it had not been six months a law until it
| kindled, throughout the Union, scenes of sectional
! strife such as no other question—not that of slavery
| itself—has ever had power to call forth in this
republic. It brought upon us the days of nullifi-
cation.
Dark and threatening days! when men knew
not, even while they sat, side by side, in this cham-
ber, whether, in a few short weeks, they might not
stand in the ranks of civil war, face to face, sword
meeting sword, each seeking the life of the other !
Who lias forgotten the daily doubts and fears of
that terrible crisis; the concentration of forces at
Fort Moultrie; the gathering of armed bands under
the Palmetto banner; the Convention, with its nul-
lifying ordinance ; the Proclamation, with its stern
rebuke ? Dark and perilous days! when each cou-
rier that sped from the South might come charged
with tidings of wo and of blood. Yes; and no man
could say where, if the first blood were shed, that
fratricide war might end. The boldest looked on
with dismay. The most hopeful half despaired of
the republic.
And thus was exposed to risk the most imminent
the integrity of that Union which the good and the
brave had laid down their lives to establish. And
all this for what? To build up among us a system
of taxes not demanded for revenue, not necessary
to support the Government—an ^mmcan system !
American ! A tree is known by its fruit; do men
gather grapes of thorns, or figs of thistles? Ameri-
can ! and yet a system that cast discord and heart-
burnings into republican councils, where reigned,
till its advent,only harmony and good will! Ameri-
can ! and yet bringing into our midst not peace, but
a sword ? Is that an American system that sows
hate in the hearts of freemen; that makes brother
the enemy of brother; that arrays section in oppo-
sition to section; that arms a State against the
Confederacy?
The distinguished father of that system himself
felt, when the day of trial came, that it was not
American; that it could not live on in a republican
atmosphere; that, after a brief time, it must be up-
rooted, and cast away. Mr. Clay saw Yerplanck's
bill making its way through the House. lie
bowed, as all men must, to the fiat of necessity;
but he did more; he gave way gtacefully, in good
temper, in good season. Henry Clay and John C.
Calhoun together voted for the Compromise bill;
and South Carolina disbanded her troops and re-
turned—if of a sovereign State the expression be
permitted—returned to her allegiance.
There was not a man of that day, deserving to
be named as a statesman, who did not feel that that
struggle and that Compromise sealed the fate of 1
tariff protection in America forever; and that, like j
other kindred forms of commercial restriction, it j
had outlived its day, and must yield to the inno- j
vating influence of the age. I say not this with I
reference to the mere provisions of the Compromise j
bill, important as its gradual reductions were; but !
I say it of the spirit in which the change was I
avowedly wrought, and of the principles that were :
recognised, in so many words, on the face of that |
celebrated act. 1
Mr. Clay openly acknowledged that the protec-
tive system could not long survive, and only asked
that it might not be hurried, prematurely, to its
doom. It was but a few days before the passage
of the Compromise that he said:
"Now, ffivc us time. Cease n.11 fluctuations and agna-
tions tor nine years, and the manufacturers, in every branch,
wjll sustain themselves against foreign competition. I am
anxious to find out s-ome principle of mutual nccommoda-
; tion, to satisfy, as far as practicable, both parties; to increase
; the stability of legislation ; and, at «omc future day, but not ;
I tno diMant, when we take into view the magnitude of the 1
1 interest* involved, to brim* down the rate of duties to the 1
' cnuc stiia^r.n^ fot which our opponents haic so hng con-
j tended-''—Speech of February 2.i, 1£33.
| He asked not to save his favorite system. He
' asked but time—the nine years which the Compro-
mise bill, with its annually abating rates, gave him.
1 These past, and he knew and confessed that reve-
nue must become the sole standard of an American
tariff.
He seems even to have doubted whether public
j sentiment, excited as it was, would suffer a con-
' demned system thus gradually to die out; and he
! protested, in advance, against the violation of a
j compact not binding in after sessions, except by
! the moral force which the time and the circum-
! stance gave it. His words, on the same occasion,
j were:
j '• What man, who is entitled to the character of an Amc-
I riean statesman, would bland up in his place, in either
House of Congress, and disturb this treaty of peace and
amity ?"
And through these nine years that " treaty of
peace and amity" was not disturbed. Public opin-
ion respected it, because it chimed in with the on-
ward spirit of the age; and because it set forth the
only just principle of taxation.* Thus it reads in
the third section:
"Duties shall bs laid for the purpose of raising sdch
revenue as may be necessary to an economical'admin-
istration of government."
This is the essential principle of the Compromise
bill. This open avowal of that principle was the
great triumph obtained, at that crisis, by justice
over privilege.
The nine years of graduated reduction of duties,
under the Compromise, ran out on the30thof June,
184*2; and thus the day for the final ratification of
that " treaty of peace and amity" arrived. Its
pledge—morally binding, if ever legislative pledge
was—was to the effect that, after the said 30th day
of June, imports should be " admitted to entry
subject to such duty., not exceeding twenty per
cent, ad valorem, as shall be provided for by
law."—Tariff act of March 2, 1833, Sec. 5.
It is a fair inference, from the general tenor of
the act, that, in case of actual deficiency-of revenue,
but in no other, this limit might be exceeded. This
low maximum, it is proper to remark, was coupled
with a home valuation, cash duties,and a prospect-
ive free list.
Privilege always dies hard. And, ?ts the Com-
promise act approached its close, the friends of
tariff protection rallied for a death-struggle. On
the 15th of October, 1841, the Ci Home League"
was formed; and its proceedings appeared in the
leading tariff journals, heralded by axflourish of
trumpets, and put forth as a,great national move-
ment. At their first meeting, after condemning
the Compromise as unjust and impracticable, the
Home Leaguers proceeded further to resolve:
t{ That if a revenue for the economical support of govern-
ment is to be the measure of protective favor to our manu-
facturers and mechanics, justice as well as policy demands,
that such a scale of duties be adopted as will not, by foster-
ing an increased consumption of imported fabrics, favor
foreign labor; when, by a higher scale, producing an equal
revenue, our own industry may be aided, without injury to;
any home interest."—Mles's Register of October 30, 1841, '
Here is tjie'high tariff policy, set up in all its
naked deformity. The doctrine is curious, and
worth a plain translation, thus: " It is a hard case
that Government should not be allowed to raise
more money than it requires; but if we are to be
condemned to this, at least let us -raise it by as
high a tax as we can; by a tax of thirty per cent,
rather than of twenty per ccnt.; or, better still, by
one of forty. Justice and policy demand this.51
These claimants for u protective favor'' seem to
me to have somewhat confused notions of justice
and policy. All favor granted to one class, at ex-
pense of another, is unjust; and impolitic, because
unjust. Justice satisfies; favor never does. Let
favoritism enter the family circle, and love is re-
placed by jealousy, and peace by strife. Let it
invade a federative Union—we have seen and felt
the woful result.
Mr. Clay held out, for a time at least, against
the movement of the Home Leaguers. On the 1st
of March, 1842, he said in the Senate:
"The law itself (the Compromise) met the approbation of
all parts of the country; us provisions ought not lightly to
be departed from ; its pnneiples should he observed in good
faith."—Niles's Register of March 19,1842, p. 42.
And again, in the same speech:
"If it he necessary to raise the duties higher than twenty
per cent., we ought to adhere to the principles of the Com-
promise act, so far as it should be possible to do.?}
| "\et,as the day of final decision more closely
: approached, the father of the protective system
; seemed disposed to make a last effort to save his
| expiring offspring. Pressed, perhaps, by the rash
I urgency of friends less clear-sighted than himself,
I Mr. Clay, in his Lexington speech of June 9,1842,
j permitted himself to say:
| " Aiiother remedy, powerfully demanded by the nccessi-
i ties of the times, and requisite*to maintain the currency in
a sound stJ>to, is a tauff, ivhich ttril! lesien importations from
I abroad) and tend to increase supplies at home from domestic
j industry."—JS'tlcs's Register of July 9, 1842, p- 294.
! This was a distinct relapse into the old exploded
| abuse. It was breaking ground against the t! trea-
! ty of peace and amity,'5 which, the speaker had
i himself declared, no man deserving the character
ij of an American statesman would disturb. The
M principle of the Compromise was, that tariff taxes
