1006
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
June 19,
to operate beyond a given distance, so laws framed
fcir in advance of the age lose their attractive force
over mankind.
Influenced by such views, I am the friend of
compromise and conciliation. In that spirit has
the present proposal to modify the tanrf been
framed by its projectors. In that spirit let our
brethren from the manufacturing States come half
way to meet us. And we may once more, with
the unaiumiiy of the olden time, pass a revenue
law by a majority so large, that there will be little
motive or disposition, for many years to come, to
alter its rates or disturb its provisions.
Mr. COLLIN next obtained the floor, and ad-
dressed the committee as follows:
Mr. Chairman: The honorable gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stewart,] in his thud speech
upon the subject of the tariff, made the astonish-
ing disco\ery that the revenue in 1840, under the
compromise act, was but about half'as gieat as it
was in 1845 under the act of ]84£. To his com-
prehension it proved conclusively, that to modify
the ac-toT 1842 would inevitably reduce the revenue.
If the gentleman hud been a little more minute in
his examination, he would have discoveied that,
in 184U, less than half the goods imported were
subject to the payment of any duty, and upon
those upon which duties were paid m that year,
the amount was but about one-half of the amount
of imports subject to duty in 1845. That fact
must solve the mystery for the gentleman; and if
he will more carefully examine his whole record,
he will find his whole argument demolished by it.
In the second place, (as even horizontal duties are
to be preferred to the present unjust system of dis-
criminations,) if he will multiply the amount of
imports in 1845 by thirty, he will find the product
to be #5,01)11,000 greater than the amount of rev-
enue collected m that year. This will show to
him that the tariff act of 1842 may be modilied,
and yet increase the revenue without an increase
of the impoits. If, as we may anticipate, such
modification should be increased both upon exports
and imports fiom twenty to fifty millions of dollars
annually, we should increase the revenue to a sum
sufficient to carry on the Mexican war, m addi-
tion to other reasonable expenditures. In such
increase of exports, if we should add such per
centage to the agricultural products of the country
as we may reasonably anticipate, it would bestow
benefit enough upon the industry of the country
annually to pay the expense of a war with Eng-
land. } have made some minute calculations upon
the revenue that would accrue under the piovis-
ions of the bill now under consideration, and from
these calculations I have ascertained that even if
the commercc of the country should not be m-
cieased, yet the reduction of revenue would be
too small to be for one moment taken into the ac-
count, in the compar^on. to the benent that would
accrue to the interests, the moiuls, ihe whole in-
dustry of the eountiy. £>u, we ha\e received
among our documents some statisiics collected un-
der an act of the Legislature of Massachusetts, m
which it is shown that in 1814, while the products
of labor m agriculture 1-; ^175 per man, the pro-
ducts of tiie woollen manufactures in that year
was ^1,205 50 per individual, including both men
and women. These statistics show u.; that it ie-
quires eight times as mucn labor, and live times
as much capital in a given amount in agriculture,
as are required in the" same amount m the manu-
facture of woollen goods. Each of the othei pio-
tected interests do not vary very matcually in
this estimate from that of the woollen manufac-
tures. If it should be argued that manufactures
require protection m eon-sequence of the cheap in-
tetcsr, on capital in Kuiope, it must be answered,
that agrieuliure has live times greater reason to re-
quire it. ff it. should be argued that manufactures
require protection in consequence of the hi°h price
of labor, it must be answered tiiat agriculture has
from six to eight times greater reason to require it
far the same causc. And yet the Congress of the
United States is gravely debating whether the coun-
try ought ivU to be taxed fur the benefit of manu-
factures. The gentleman from Pennsylvania, in
advocating that tax, says it is no party question.
Sir, it should never have been nude a party ques-
tion. Gentlemen should never have dignified it by
the name of an American question. It is a ques-
tion, sir, that has more the characteristics of the
Arab—it is a great question of plunder.
Those works upon history and moral science
which have at all times been used in our schools,
have taught that commerce has exerted the strong-
est influence in raising men from barbarism to civ-
ilization; that those nations who have been the
most commercial have been the most distinguished
for their intelligence, social virtues, enterprise,
wealth, and strength. In proof of this position,
we are referred to the Phoenicians, Tyreans, Greeks,
and Carthagenians of the ancient world; at a later
period, to that of Venice, which, with limited ter-
ritory and small population, whileshe enjoyed the
whole commerce of Europe, stood the bulwark
against the power of the Turk, which was then
threatening the world with subjugation. Holland,
too, through the power created by her commerce,
long contested with England the empire of the sea.
Spain and Portugal, while commercial nations, as-
tonished the world by the fruits of their enterprise.
Each of these nations, upon failing to retain their
commercial ascendency, have sunk in the scale of
nations. England owes her power and wealth to
her succcssful clforts as a commercial nation. This
\iew of the subject has not only been taught in our
schools, but has been entertained by nations; and
the great effort of governments have been to se-
I, cure universal commerce, and to outrun competi-
tion in tins pursuit. Those efforts were checked
by the long vindictive wars at the close of the 18th
and the commencement of the 19th centuries. In
those conflicts, commerce being most vulnerable,
was most readily assailed. The wealth derived
fiom commerce being the strong sinew of war, to
destroy that commercc was to clip the wings of the
enemy. In pursuance of this objcct, France, under
Bonaparte, founded the continental system. Eng-
land, through a similar policy, became the tyrant
of the sea, and, m consequence, we became involv-
ed in the conflict. France, deprived of her com-
merce, began to tax nature to raise in her climate
the products of the tropics. England, deprived of
the resources of continental Europe and of Amer-
ica foi her breadstuffs, began a conflict with nature
to try to raise them herself. "We, too, had adopted
many artificial substitutes for those facilities which
nature or circumstances had seemed to deny us,
Such, sir, was the state of things found to be in
existence at the establishment of universal peace in
the year 1815. In each nation large capitals had
been invested, through the necessity of the case,
in enterprises which must have been sacrificed, by
coming into equal competition with those more fa-
ired by nature and circumstances in the same I
pui suits. In many instances go\ ermnents had in- i
\itcd these investments of capital, and could not in
justice see them sacrificed. Under these circum-
stances, the first laws of any magnitude were pass-
ed, securing a monopoly of interest t,o any one
class of men, and throwing embarrassments in the
way of commercial enterprise and prosperity. But,
sir, these restrictive laws weie never intended to be
permanent. They were only intended to remain
till men had indemnified themselves for their capi-
tal invested, and then to either abandon or pursue
them, as circumstances and experience would jus-
tify. It was with such views as these that the
patriotic democracy of the country favored and
passed the laws of 1816 and 1824. Since 1830,
that same democracy conceived that the experi-
ment had been tried long enough; that the coun-
try had endured taxation for a privileged class as
long as justice and experiment could require.
But a new state of things was found to have
been created in the country. Those protected m-
teiests were found to have become strong and
mighty as political engines. Like the tiger that
has tasted blood, appetite had been provoked to
keenness by indulgence. They had so long en-
joyed contributions upon the people that they be-
gan to consider them as their birthright, and
demanded their continuance. Then, sir, was
formed the unholy alliance, which we have had
sincc to contend with. The opponents of the late
war—the opponents of the remedies to heal the
wounds of the war—the opponents of the democ-
racy and of protection to feeble interests and patient
industiy—allied themselves with those protected
interests which had been warmed into strength by
the acts of the democracy. On the one side offices
and honors were to be the marriage gift: and to
the other was to be bestowed the dower of lasting
plunder upon the people. Sir, the farmers of this
country are taunted as having been dupes and fools
for ever having tolerated the protective tariff policy,
if it is not important to continue it in all future
time. Sir, the farming interest tolerated it in the
first instance from motives of purest patriotism.
They did it as a means to heal_ certain of the
wounds which were the consequences of war.
From the same motives which induced them to
allow of its adoption, they now require its aban-
donment, and for still another reason, that of stop-
ping the corrupting influences which that policy is
infusing through all our institutions. • Fools and
dupes, indeed ! Strong language to be used against
a class of men, that 1 know possess intelligence and
ability to redress themselves when aggrieved.
Where, sir, were ever found greater exhibitions of
judgment and love of liberty, than have been found
among the agriculturists of a country ? What class
of men have been more ready to assert, or more
potent in maintaining it? Rome, as a republic,
attained her greatness when the generals that lend
her armies were taken from among the cultivators
of the soil. It was the peasantry of Italy, that
bore her conquering eagles to the remotest parts of
the earth. Had it not been for the peasants of the
Grampian hills, King John would never have
signed the magna charta. It was the peasantry of
England, that shook off the tyranny that the Tu-
dors had transmitted to the Stuarts. And, sir, I
need not assert to this House that the agricultural
interest certainly did its share in procuring our
liberties in the war of the Revolution. Sir, I have
associated with farmers in their toils in the snows
of winter, and in the heats of summer. I know
theii patient industry, and the strict economy ne-
cessary to sustain them in their business. I know
their ardent love of liberty; their intelligence and
their ability to apply the remedy, when made con-
scious that their rights are invaded. And let me
tell gentlemen that, unless the oppressions of the
present restrictive laws be removed, that remedy
will be applied. Sir, I will now consider some of
the most prominent arguments adduced in favor
of the restrictive policy. First, then, distinctions
are attempted to be drawn between the interests of
the people of the North, and those of the South,
the East, and those of the West, in diis Union.
The statesmen, the institutions, the whole interests
of the South, are held up as objects of execration;
and gentlemen here, in making statistical calcula-
tions upon the productions of the country, have
openly avowed that those of the South ought not to
be taken into the account. I have seen with regret
that the poison of these influences have taken too
deep a hold upon the prejudices of members here.
Let gentlemen consider, that the fathers of the
South and North were brother pioneers in settling
the wildernesses of this country; that their brave
hearts beat side by side m achieving our liberties;
that their statesmen, with equal talent, equal pa-
triotism, and as few weaknesses, united in forming
our present institutions, and stand ready to main-
tain them. But, sir, if patriotism, love of country,
love for the Union, and reminiscences of the past,
are not sufficient to deter gentlemen from this un-
wise policy, let me appeal to their interests. I am
ready to admit, that the exports of the South ex-
ceed those of the North. But, sir, the commercial
men of the North do most of this export business.
In return, they send to the South a portion of the
goods taken in exchange, by which, together with
such products of the North as are required in the
South, this excess of exports is equalized, and fre-
quently, if not at all times, the balance of trade is
in favor of the people of the North. I will ask of
gentlemen to point out a single year when in this
exchange the balance has been against the North.
In my examinations 1 have never discovered such
vear. Sir, the people of the North enjoy ihe pro-
fits of exchanging southern exports with foreign
countries. They also enjoy the profits of paying
for these exports, by selling to the South the goods
and productions of "the North, with all the attend-
ant benefits of the exchange. Let it not be said
that these reciprocal advantages to the people of
our common country should be embarrassed or
destroyed upon the shrine of personal cupidity,
party malevolence, or sectional prejudice. Sir, an
argument is adduced by the friends of the present
; tariff, that protection to manufactures gives em-
i ployment to industry, and creates consumers for
j home productions. By the census of 1840, 38,000
| men were employed in producing $66,000,000 worth
' of cotton and woollen goods. By the report upon
! our commerce and navigation m 1841, commerce
j employed 117,000 men, and our imports in Amer-
, ican ships were $113,000,000.
