1846,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lOOt
From these facts it "will be understood, that for
every man who gains employmentin manufactures
through the aid of protection, two, at least, lose
employment in commercial pursuits. For every
consumer of home' productions, created by manu-
factures, two, at least, are lost to us by the dimin-
ished commerce of the country. Mr, Webster
assented this fact in his Faneuil Hall speech, and
our records show it to be true. It is asserted, that
unless manufactures are protected against the influ-
ence of commerce, their business will be prostrated,
and they will be broken down.
By theceosusofl840,$20,0,00,000 worth of wool-
len goods were manufactured in this country, and
six millions-of dollars worth were imported. To
protect that 20,000,000 against this 6,000,000 is
what, gentlemen claim. By a further examination,
gentlemen will find that they have mistaken their
enemy. Their camp had been invaded from another
quarter, and their citadel stormed. These invaders
are no less than the American women. By look-
ing at that same census, on page 409, it will be seen
that over §29,000,000 worth of goods were manu-
factured m our families. Pulling out the thread
•with the fingers, treading the loom with the feet,
and throwing the shuttle with the hand, our noble
women competed with both commerce and the jen-
nies and power-looms of the manufacturers, and
exceeded both. Their fabrics are now to be found
m many parts of our country; and, taking into con-
sideration their quality, are afforded at as cheap
a rate as those produced by .the manufacturers.
By the census of the State of New York, the
females have manufactured by hand in that State,
during the past year, 7,090,089 yards of cloth.
These noble women ask no protection other than
that love and affection to which their virtues so em-
inently entitle them. And will gentlemen urge here
that their families ought to be taxed for the benefit
of manufacturers ? Let such doctrine be abandoned,
and save us the necessity of blushing for pur coun-
try. It is said, sir, that.by extending legislative aid
to manufacturers, men will abandon agriculture to
engage in manufacturing, and thereby diminish
producers and increase consumers. It certainly
appears extraordinary to urge the passage of laws
to divert men from their natural pursuits, and impel
them to such as require protection to exist. But
since it is suggested, let mc inquire how it is to be
done. Gentlemen ought not to recommend a meas-
ure unless they know how it is to be accomplished.
Is it intended to oppress agriculture, so as to drive
men from its pursuits ? Or are manufactures to be
placed, in point of privileges, so fur above thorn as
to allure them to it? Let gentlemen answer, and
in the meantime we must conclude that both these
causes are aimed at, in order to produce the effect
suggested. It requires capital, skill, and experi-
ence,in order to engage in manufactures, and not
one in-ten thousand, of our agriculturists posacvss
the tastes or qualifications for embarking in them.
This very argument, then,shows thatsuch laws are
directly intended to be a lasting, ruinous, and ty-
rannical oppression upon the agriculturists of the
country. 'The honorable gentleman from Pennsyl
vania, [Mr. Stewart,J in his late speech upon the
harbor bill, stated that in importing $10,000,000
worth of woollen goods, (as wool was one-half of
the cost of the material,) we imported $5,000,000
worth of foreign agricultural productions. Let me
examine this argument upon his premises. Sup-
pose two pieces of woollen goods be sold in our
market, each at the same price, the one imported,
and the other of home manufacture. On the im- [
ported article, suppose the duty to be only thirty J
per cent. If paid by the foreigner, it is a bonus to ]
us. If paid by the consumer, it is still so much j
American, it being a part of its value, and having ;
gone into the treasury. Add to this twenty-live i
percent. commissions to our commercial men, be- !
mg also apart of the value of the goods, and you j
make the imported article fifty-five per cent. Amer- j
ican. Afl most of our home manufactured goods
ave made of foreign wool, (24,000,000 having been
imported the past year,) according to the gentle-
man's argument, fifty per cent, of the homfe manu-
factured goods is foreign, the imported article being
five per cent, more American than that of home
manufacture. To which did the gen tleman mean to
apply his argument of foreign! foreign! I foreign!!!
The gentleman from Pennsylvania says: " But
* finally the whole question, so interesting to the
4 American people, turns upon a simple question of
( fact. Do protective duties ultimately increase, or
' reduce, the prices of the articles on which they
' are levied ?" He denied the right of the enemies
of the tariff to assume these facts, and called on
them for the proof. He said these facts lie at the
foundation of the whole question. Now, sir, I
intend to show that much more important consid-
erations are depending upon this question; but as
the gentleman has suggested that the settlement of
that one fact would settle the whole question, I will
endeavor to settle that fact to his satisfaction. I have
sufficient statistical proof, but time will not permit
them to be presented here. I may get them pub-
lished for tne consideration of those who may be
interested in examining them.
One item from these statistics I will, however,
now present: The duty on bar iron is twenty-five
dollars per ton. By the report upon commerce
and navigation, the difference between the price
of bar iron in foreign ports, and the estimated
value in our commercial cities, is thirty dollars per
ton. The priec of freight is five dollars per ton,
leaving the duty to make exactly the balance of
the excess of price. Will any gentleman presume
to deny that that iron would be twenty-five dollars
per ton cheaper to the consumer if the duty were
taken off? Can the gentleman ask for higher proof
than this? If this does not satisfy the gentleman,
I will give his own words in proof of the fact he
calls for. He tells us in one place, that to reduce
the duty to twenty per cent, upon iron would ex-
tinguish the fires of every furnace and every forge
in Pennsylvania. In another place he tells us that
reciprocal free trade would be ruinous to Pennsyl-
vania, because her iron and other manufactures
are carried on mostly by manual labor. JNow, sir,
in the name of common sense, how is the reduc-
tion of duties to produce such momentous effects
upon the iron manufactures of Pennsylvania, if
the effect of reducing the duties would not be to
reduce the price to the consumer? Does not this
consideration—this argument of his own—satisfy
the gentleman? But, sir, I deny that the reduc-
tion of duties will be attended with the conse-
quences that the gentleman suggests to the iron
manufacturers of Pennsylvania. I deny that any
necessity exists for those protective duties; and I
will here show that I am correct tn that conclusion.
By the census of 1840 there were in the United
States 1,599 furnaces, hloomenes, forces, and roll- ,
ing mills. There weic 30,497 men employed in
them, and in the mining operations; thcic were
$20,432,131 invested m those establishments; there
was manufactured in that year $26,365,060 worth
of their material. Now, tne gentleman says that
the labor is nine-tenths of the cost of that material.
| Suppose we admit, for the sake of the argument,
| that each of the men employed received for his
wages and hoard $400 per year—which estimate I
believe to be 25 per cent, too high—and then add
to this price of labor the one-tenth estimated by
the gentleman for other expenses, and the gross
amount would be $13,543,111, leaving an actual
profit on the capital stock of $12,82],949, or over
60 per cent. Will the gentleman say that 20 per
cent, profit ought not to be sufficient to satisfy the
manufacturers ? Will he say that we ought to
legislate to give the two thousand manufacturers
ah extra 40 per cent., to be taxed upon the residue
of our twenty millions of people* As the estima-
ted value of the iron products was the American
market valuation, I will give the valuation in the
foreign ports, with the five dollars per ton added
for freight. Upon that basis of valuation the iron
products for 1840 would have been $20,385,203.
After deducting the above estimated expense, there
would still be a net profit of $6,842,092—a profit
of 33£ per cent., without the imposition of 1 per
cent. duty. But if gentlemen are not satisfied with
these calculations, I will give them yet another
upon a different basis. It is claimed that it is in
consequence of the high price of labor that these
manufacturers require protection. By the census
estimates, it takes the labor of four and a half
men in mining and the other employments in the
manufacture of $4,000 worth of iron'. By the same
estimates, it takes fifteen men to produce $4,v000
worth in each of themechanic arts,andtwenty-three
men to produce the same amount in agriculture.
Gentlemen will not dispute this record; and can
they unblushingly claim that those mechanics and
farmers ought to be taxed for the benefit of those
manufacturers, and that, too, upon the ground of
the high price of labor to the manufacturers ? By
the census estimates, 3,719,951 men were employed
in agriculture, and $651,215,960 worth of products
were the avails of their labor.
These, sir, are the documentary estimates of the
labor employed in the productions of agriculture.
I have dwelt particularly upon the subject'of iron,
| and have shown, I thinK, most conclusively that it
| needs no protection—no discrimination in its favor,
j I have done so, sir, because the gentleman from
i Pennsylvania had placed it in the foreground. He
I claims to be particularly acquainted with its manu-
! factuie, and is represented as being largely inter-
j ested in it. He is also represented as being a law-
j yer, and is eminently qualified to present its claims
I to protection in their most favorable light. With
' these qualifications, taken in connexion with an
; intemperate zeal for tariff protection for manufac-
| tures, when his own representations show most
| clearly that no such protection is required, such
; representations of his should have with us, as evi-
| dence, a high consideration. Sir, it is beyond con-
i troversy that iron needs no other protection than
: that incidentally accruing from revenue duties.
I And, sir, each of the other protected interests
I under the act of 1842 requires it less than iron. In
; the manufacture of woollen goods, less in numbers
| are required in a^iven amount than are required in
I the manufacture of iron, and a large proportion of
j that number are females. In the manufacture of
| cotton goods, though a larger proportionate num-
| her is required than in the manufacture of woollen
! goods, yet a much larger proportion are women,
j In the manufacture of leather, though their raw
j material is much more expensive, and the propor-
I tionate expense of labor greater than in the other
| manufactures, yet a memorial has been sent us,
j signed by manufacturers, respectable m characters
| and numbers, representing that they require no
; extra protection. Sir, I have shown that the pro-
I tective policy of 1842 was unnecessary. That it
| was unnecessary was obvious at the time of its
! adoption. The manufacturers, at s;rcat expense,
j have got up their fair here, expressly to show that
J they can manufacture as ingeniously, and more
j cheaply, than Europeans, thereby proving, beyond
; cavil, that protection to them was unnecessary.
: Mr. Webster, in his speech at the agricultural fair
j at Rochester, in September, 1843, said, " that to
! talk of protection to manufactures was a misnomer.
! It was not what was needed. It. was agriculture
that needed protection." And yet, sir, marmfac*
tuiers, while showing that they need no protec-
tion, are peremptorily claiming it. Mr. Webster,
in his Baltimore speech, after showing what would
be protection to agriculture, doubted whether it
should be obtained, because it took protection from
manufactures. In other words, protection to agri-
culture, which needed it, should not be extended,
because it took protection from manufactures, which
he has admitted did not need it. By the act of
1842, even the protection of revenue duties was de-
nied to agriculture on wool, because it was claimed
to be against the interests of manufactures, which
if is admitted need no protection. Such, sir, is the
consistency of this doctrine of protection.
This doctrine of protection is not only unneces-
sary, but it is mischievous, and has visited many
important evils and wrongs upon the people of the
country. The gentleman from Pennsylvania tells
us that wool constitutes one-half the cost of the
cloths into which it is manufactured. The report
of the Glenham factory shows that it constituted
more than one-half the cost of the cloth. But now,
under the operation of the act of ] 842, American
wool does not constitute to exceed one-fifth of the
cost of the cloths manufactured here. By the act
of 1842, woollen goods had forty per cent, protec-
tion, and the imported wool but five per cent. An
honorable member of this House (a protectionist
from prejudice; and a Whig in principle) has
shown me on this floor samples of that imported
wool, which had paid a duty of only five per cent,,
equal in fineness to three-fourths blood merino
wool. By this discrimination against wool, the
manufacturers gain annually $5,000,000, and the
farmers sustain the loss of that $5,000,000. The
farmers of New York produce about one-third of
the wool of the country, and of course sustain one-
third of the loss. The district which I have the
honor to represent produces about one-thirtieth of
the proportion of the States, and, of course, sus-
tain about one-thirtieth of the loss—a sum sufficient
to pay the whole contingent expenses taxed upon
that district. This, sir, is one of the unjust con
sequences of that law.
