THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 1st Sess
FRIDAY, JUNE 26, 1846.
New Series....No. 64.
food rather,than his clothing. When he sees that
in paying a tax to the importer on his clothes, he
is required to pay four times as much in addition
to the home producer, but in paying that tax on
his food he only pays the tax on the imports, he
will then see the propriety of paying the tax upon
his food rather than his clothing. In accordance
with this view of the subject, less duties ought to
be imposed upon imports which are taken in ex-
change generally for our exports, and higher du-
ties ought to be imposed on those imports not so
taken in exchange. Such a system of discrimina-
tion would be protection to the farmers who need
it.. . We are told by Mr. Nathan Apple ton, in his
criticism upon the report of Mr. Secretary Walker,
that the reason that high duties were not imposed
upon wool by the act of 1842 was, that our country
did not produce enough to supply the manufac-
turers. Now, 1 say—and it is susceptible of proof
—that the manufacturers have never consumed
one-half of the wool grown in this country. And
1 say further, that if a fair and reliable market can
foe procure*} for it, the wool-growers of the country
will double the (juantity of wool produced in any
three years that it can bo required. By the census
of 1840 there was about 35,000,000 pounds of wool
grown in this country. There was over $29,000,-
•000 worth of cloths manufactured in our families
during that year, and only about $20,000,000
worth made by the manufacturers. There has
been 7,090,087 yards of cloth made in our families
in New York the past year. Will it be disputed,
then, that over half the wool grown in this coun-
try is consumed in our families, if we can afford
to manufacture one-half of our wool by hand, can
not the manufacturers afford to manufacture the
other half by their machinery, without requiring
the country to be taxed annually §12,000,000 to
pay them for doing so. They now make annually
about $30,000,000 worth of goods upon which the
present duty of 40 per cent, would produce 12,000,-
000. Let gentlemen who vote for that tux reflect
that for that vote, more than till others, they must
account to their constituents. The ilummery here-
tofore used by politicians will not be received in
justification of* such vote. Let manufacturers cease
to ask bounties of the Government. Let them pay
a liberal price to the farmers for their wool. Let
them sell their cloths at a fair valuation, and they
can have the benefit of manufacturing all the wool
of the country. But until they cease to ask for
bounties of the Govefnment, ami until they are
disposed to deal with the farmers upon just and
reasonable principles, they must expect to be em-
barrassed by the formidable competition of female
hand labor.
It is also objected that wool ought not to have a«
high duties imposed for its protection as the goods
into which it is fabricated, because it is the raw
material of the manufacturer. Now, sir, the raw
material of the farmer and mechanic is the clothes
they wear, the goods they consume, and the tools
they use. I will submit, sir, that while the labor
to the mechanic and farmer is from three to six
times greater than it is to the manufacturers,
whether they ought not to have their raw mate-
rial at low rates of duty, rather than the manufac-
turer. Let gentlemen answer which needs the
greatest relief from the burdens of the Govern-
ment—which needs the most protection on the
fruits of their labor.
It is said, sir, because goods are cheaper now
than they were twenty years ago, it is the cffcet
of an American tariff. The answer does not seem
to satisfy gentlemen, that the price has fallen on
the unprotected as much as it has on the protected
goods during that time. I will, therefore submit
another suggestion upon the subject. The Ameri-
can manufacturer has enjoyed legislative protec-
tion for the last twenty-five years. The English
manufacturer has suffered legislative oppression
during the, same time. The .American manufac-
turer has "had cheap provisions. The English
manufacturer has had to purchase that which is
dear. The American manufacturer has had only
to pay light taxes. The English manufacturer
has had to pay those which are enormously high.
64
The American manufacturer has had his raw ma-
terial cheap. The English manufacturer paid dear
for his. The American manufacturer of pig iron
has had a protective duty of nine dollars per ton.
The English manufacturer has had only the bene-
fit of a revenue duty of $2 50 per ton. The Amer-
ican manufacturer of woollen goods has had a pro-
tective duty of 40 per cent. The English manu-
facturer has had only the revenue duty of 15 per
cent. The American manufacturer of cotton goods
has had a protective duty of 100 per cent. The
English manufacturer has had only the revenue
duty of 10 per cent. Now, sir, after a lapse of
twenty-five years, during which time the Ameri-
can has been protected and the Englishman op-
pressed, the American is asking protection against
the cheap goods of the Englishman. Which, then,
has had the greatest influence in cheapening goods,
protection or oppression? The bill under consid-
eration proposes to leave for the benefit of manu-
facturers $60,000,000 annually of protection. But,
sir, they are demanding of us the continuance of
the eighty or ninety millions heretofore enjoyed—
a difference of twenty or thirty millions annually
to a few thousand men! Is not this, sir, a start-
ling suggestion? Ought not, a question of that
character to be settled at once? Ought it ever again
to be an open question ? Are our polls safe, under
such an inducement, to a few thousand men? Are
our.halls of legislation sale? Does it not strike
the imagination'with alarm, that while we are con-
sidering this subject, this city is invaded by swarms
of this privileged class of men? Who has not
listened to the insidious influences that are, brought
to bear, to divide, distract, and destroy, our unity
of action? To the northern mail it is whispered,
that a particular portion of the bill is favoritism to
the South. To the southern man it is whispered,
that a portion of the bill is too favorable to the
North. To the western man it is whispered, that
the East receives too mueh favor from the hands
of the. Government. l,et the friends of freedom,
of equal rights, of our national prosperity, avoid
the consequences of these diabolical influences.
Let them lay aside every sectional consideration,
and have only the, interests of the whole country
in their view as the leading star of their action.
Let them not expect perfection in the bill now be-
fore us, but, being satisfied withdoing away with
the dangerous evil of the present system of dis-
crimination, leave to future legislation to remedy
the minor errors we may now make. If wc shall
act with such motives, I am sure we shall pass
this bill, anil shall thereby deserve the thanks of
our constituents.
It is said, that if manufactures are protected,
they will protect the farmers. God forbid that we
should ever be left to such protectors. We have
heard of their exercise of protection in dismissing
from their employ those laborers who have exer-
j cised the rights of freemen, by casting their suf-
| fragc according to the dictates of their own judg-
I mcnts. Give them, or any other privileged class,
i to dole out to us our measure of prosperity, and
1 how long would it be before they would be' exer-
cising that power in controlling our actions in pol-
itics, and even our consciences in religion, accord-
ing to any dogma their caprices may'inducc them
to adopt?
Sir, I have shown that agriculture needs protec-
tion, if any interest needs"it. It may be asked,
how is agriculture to bo protected? I answer,
abolish all laws that tend to the corruption of our
people and Government. Lop off all useless bur-
dens from our treasury. Confine our appropria-
tions to such objects as the Constitution clearly
allows, and are justified by strong expediency.
Reduce the whole action of our Government to
the strictest principles of economy. In the impo-
sition of duties, lay them lightest on those imports
for which we exchange our agricultural produc-
tions, and highest on those for which we do not
so exchange. In discriminations, let them be
greatest on those staple articles of agriculture with
which any imported article competes. Foist not
upon agriculturists the burden of any petted in-
terest. In fine, give them but a fair field in the
markets of the world, and they will ask at your
hands but little favor. They will never be found
besieging your legislative Halls, asking to be al-
lowed to be the plunderers of the people.
Sir, it is desirable that the bill under considera-
tion should receive some amendments. If these
amendments cannot be made, still it is our duty to
pass the bill. 1 think the country will hold us
highly accountable if we do not do so. I am so
confident of our duty upon this subject that I am
willing to submit upon it whatever may be retain-
ed of my name in the future history of my coun-
try.
If in our system of collecting §30,000,000 of
revenue, in addition to the tax upon the consumer,
we depreciate the value of that portion of our
agricultural products, of which we export nearly
$40,000,000 annually, is not that an evil well
worthy the consideration of our national legisla-
ture to try to avert? If, in our system of collect-
ing ^30,000,000 of revenue, we depreciate the
value of that portion of our agricultural products
consumed at home $125,000,000 annually, is not
that an evil well worthy the consideration of our
national legislature to try to avert ? If, in our sys-
tem of collecting $30,000,000 of revenue, we tax
the industry of the country $80,000,000 annually
for the benefit of manufacturers who need it not,
and are not entitled to it even if they did, is not
that an evil well worthy the consideration of the
national legislature to try to avert? If, in our sys-
tem of collecting $30,000,000 of revenue, we are
spreading the wildest corruption among the peo-
ple, and the most wasteful extravagance in the
operations of the Government, is not that an evil
well worthy the consideration of the national legis-
lature to try to avert ? Let gentlemen who hail
as Whigs consider whether, under the importuni-
ties of those who revel in the spoils, wrested from
the fruits of the toil of their constituents, they
will try to fasten those evils upon the nation.
Let gentlemen who hail as Democrats, consider
whether they will fail in their duty in this hour of
their country's need, and not strive to rescue by
the locks the sinking liberties of the people.
Sir, the cloud of war that threatened'tis about
Oregon is dissipated. Out gallant soldiery has
almost conquered a peace with Mexico. If the
ordinary expenditures of the 'Government have
been large, they will never be less till we have
done, away with the present inducements to ex-
travagance. Then why is not this the most prop-
er time for the revision of ctut system of duties?
We need not hesitate because we may get their
scale too low. It is much better to get them too
low than to leave them too high. It is much easier
to raise than it is to reduce a scale of duties. If
the scale of duties should chance to be placed too
low, and the expenditures of the Government
should thereby exceed the income, a short period
of economy would extinguish the debt that would
thus he created. Such economy once paid a na-
tional debt of accumulated millions, and produced
a large surplus in the treasury. It would do so
again, with a commerce unembarrassed by restrict-
ive laws. It has been said by the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hudson] that agriculture has
not retained its proportion to the growing popula-
tion of the country. The same may be said of
commerce. It is not disputed that both have lost
their position through the influence of the tariff,
and it is even claimed that such an effect is an ar-
gument in favor of the continuance of the tariff'.
Sir, it is our duty so to legislate that agriculture,
the mechanic arts, and commerce, may assume
that position in the onward progress of our coun-
try that nature designed for them. The eyes of
millions of our countrymen are upon us, anxiously
expecting at our hands relief from the evils which
our present revenue laws have imposed upon
them. While our braVe countrymen upon the Rio
Grande, amidst scenes of bloodi, have been nobly
doing their duty, let ns not, in the midst of ease,
prove recreant to ours; but, uninfluenced b>y the
censures, importunities, or clamor of the corrupt,
the avaricious, or the selfish, let us firmly and
unitedly discharge the important trust committed
