1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1011
to relinquish certain lands selected for schools, and
to obtain others in lieu of them.
An act providing for the adjustment of all sus-
pended pre-emption land claims in the several
States and Territories.
The committee then rose and reported their ac-
tion upon the above several bills to the House.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The following message was received from the
Senate:
The Senate have disagreed to the amendments
of the House of Representatives to the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill entitled "An act
making appropriations for the current and contin-
gent expenses of the Indian department, and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with the various Indian
tiibes for the year ending June 30th, 1847," insist
on their amendments to the said bill, and ask a
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the same, and have appointed Mr.
•Lewis, Mr. Jarnagih, and Mr. Sevier, conferees
•on the part of the Senate,
On motion of Mr. McICAY, the House insisted
on its disagreement, and a committee of conference
was ordered to be appointed.
And the House adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, June 20, 184C.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
Mr.tr. W. JONES, by leave, presented a me-
morial and resolution of the Legislature of the State
■of Tennessee, in favor of the payment of the Ten-
nessee volunteers, called into the service of the
United States by authority of the War Depart-
ment; which was committed to the Committee on
Military Affuirs.
Mr. McCLELLAND, on leave given, intro-
duced the proceedings and resolutions of a meet-
ing of the citizens of Detroit, without distinction
of party, relative to and approving of the war with
Mexico; they were laid on the table and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. GORDON called up the motion, heretofore
made by him, to reconsider the vote by which the
resolution reported from the sclect committee, of
which he was chairman, providing for the distri-
bution of the tenth volume of the laws of the
United States, had been rejected.
After a few words in explanation, Mr. G. de-
manded the previous question.
On which motion no quorum voted.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF moved that there be a
call of the House, and asked the yeas anil nays;
which were ordered, and, being taken, were, yeas
31, nays 96;
So a call ot the House was refused.
But a quorum was present.
The question recurred on the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. ASHMUN moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table; which motion was rejected.
The demand for the previous question was then
seconded; and the main question, on the recon-
sideration, was ordered to bo now taken.
Mr. DROMGOOLE asked the yeas and nays;
which were ordered; and, being taken, were—yeas
39, nays 45.
So the vote was "reconsidered.
"Whereupon the question recurred on the adoption
of the resolution; which had been amended to read
as follows:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House cause to
be distributed the tenth volume of the Laws of the
United States in the same manner as the eighth and
ninth volumes were distributed: Provided, That
none of said volumes shall be delivered to mem-
bers of Congress.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON moved to commit the res-
olution to the Committee on Accounts, with the
following instructions:
"To receive and pay for, at the contract price,
as many copies of the tenth volume of the laws as
they may, upon examination, find to be necessary
for the Government, not to exceed 1600 copies."
Mr. H. demanded the previous question; but(the
Speaker having stated that that motion would cut
off the motion to recommit) withdrew the demand.
After a few remarks from Messrs. RAIHBUN,
DROMGOOLE, and GORDON—
Mr. GORDON demanded the previous question,
which was seconded, (thus cutting ofF-the motion
to commit.) And the main question on the adop-
tion of the resolution, a3 amended, was ordered to
be now taken.
Mr. DROMGOOLE asked the yeas and nays;
which were ordered; and, being taken, were—yeas
100, nays 39.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. YOST, from the Committee on Engraving,
reported the following resolution; which was
adopted:
Resolved, That the map, or plan, accompanying
document for the improvement of Sandusky bay,
as transmitted to this House, be published with the
said report, which has been ordered to be printed
by the House.
THE TARTFF.
Mr, McICAY moved that the House resolve it-
self into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr, POLLOCK asked the yeas and nays, which
were refused.
And the question having been taken, and decided
in the affirmative—
The House resolved itself into Committee of the
"Whole on the state of the Union, (JVlr. Cobb, of
Georgia, in the chair,) and resumed the considera-
tion of the bill to reducc the duty on imports, and
for other purposes.
Mr. DARRAGH, after some general remarks on
the course of debate which had been pursued on
this tariff hill, and especially on the introduction
into it of the Mexican war, observed, that as that
question had been brought in, he should say a few
words on it, so far as the Mexican boundary was
concerned. He then proceeded briefly to reply to
the remarks of Mr. Jones, of Georgia, on that .sub-
ject. lie went on to compliment the bravery of
our little army, and to declare his willingness to
appropriate for the war; but said that he wanted to
know what was to be the end ot the whole proceed-
ing, and what sort of a treaty we were to have
when the war was over. The President and his
Cabinet had declared our title to Oregon clear and
unquestionable up to fifty-lour decrees forty min-
utes, and Mr. Dakkagii kid himself caught their
ardor, and that of their friends, and had been ready
to go oven further north than that: and yet, after
all thin, a treaty was now proposed by that very
Administration which gave up the whole ground,
and then they made a wretched subterfuge from re- j
sponsibility oy sneaking to the Senate for advice.
Yes, the very men who advised the u fifty-four-for-
ties" never to surrender an inch of soil, had now
concluded a treaty surrendering all the most valu-
able points in dispute to our ancient, determined,
and inveterate enemy. Mr. D. said he had been
confident that Great Britain would have surrender-
ed all she had claimed, had the Government stood
up to our rights. What had been said by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [iVIr, Adams] was veri-
fied; Mr. Polk had " hacked out," and it was now
clear that the Administration could not be kicked
into a war with Great Britain. We could bully
and swagger against poor feeble Mcxico, torn to
pieces by faction; but when Great Britain—that
ancient robber of all nations—made insolent de-
mands upon us to what was not hers, we must
yield everything to avoid collision. He trusted
his friend, the chairman of the Committee on Ter-
ritories, [Mr. Douglass,] would yet make the
country ring with his denunciations of so great a
piece of party treachery. Hence he went on to in-
sist that some friend of the Administration should
now tell us how this war was to end. After so
disgraceful an issue of the Oregon affair, he had a
riglit to know what was to be the issue of ail these
votes of men and money for Mcxico, in which he
had so freely united. He adverted to the late news
respecting a British offer of mediation, and spoke
of it as evidence that a treaty had been agreed on
in England to settle our difficulties with Mexico,
and seemed to understand it as an act of dictation
on her part, and to resent it accordingly.
He said he thought we ought to make a treaty
with Mexico, securing the surrender of California,
and a right of way across the isthmus, which would
revolutionize the whole trade of the East, and
throw into our hands the most valuable advan-
tages, in return for which we might surrender our
claims upon her treasury. ,
Mr. D. then went into an argumentative speech
upon the tariff, which consumed the residue of his
hour.
Mr. SAWYER addressed the committee in a
speech (a report of which will appear in the Ap-
pendix) directed mainly to the discussion of the
Oregon question, and expressive of his views in
condemnation of the rumored treaty settlement
thereof. He devoted a few of his closing remarks
to the question under consideration, denouncing
the injustice of the protective policy, and exposing
the fallacious arguments by which its favoritism
and oppressions are sought to be continued upon
the community. ,
Mr. ANDREW JOHNSON remarked that it
was not his intention to occupy the time of the
committee long, but to offer an amendment, and
state a few reasons in explanation and advocacy of
it. He would remark, however, in reply to what
had been said by the gentleman who hadjust taken
his seat, that it did appear to him that the discus-
sion of the annexation of Texas, the Mexican
war, or the Oregon question, was not very perti-
nent to the discussion of the bill under considera-
tion. It really seemed to him that the gentleman
was discussing the rumored Oregon treaty a little
in advance of knowing what was the true position
of the question; that he was striking prematurely,
in the dark, and without knowing what was the
position of the Administration upon it. The gen-
tleman might go back to 1828, and trace the course
of the Executive upon the Oregon question from
that time to the present time, and pronounce, if he
pleased, upon his consistency before the terms of
the treaty or the position of the Administration
had been published; but it was not for Mr. J. to
determine upon it until he had further information
upon it. He did not want it to be understood, in
what little he had to say, that he rose for the pur-
pose of palliating or extenuating, in the slightest
degree, an inconsistency, if one had been com-
mitted by the Executive. He admired a straight-
forward, unsophisticated course, and would not
approve the opposite in the Executive, even though
he came from his (Mr. J.'s) State, or in other3
high in office. But when the treaty should be
published, it seemed to him there would be ample
time to make objections to it. Mr. J. might, how-
ever, cite authorities for the course the Piesident
hud taken in submitting, as it was rumored he had
submitted, the protocol of the British Government
to the Senate for their advisement. In the early
days of the Republic, we found that " the Father
of his country" took the same course. The Exec-
utive must differ with many details of the treaty,
he might object to the basis of 49°; but, conceding
that the Senate was a part of the treaty-making
power, (which was the fact,) he was but follow-
ing the example of the illustrious Washington
when he asked the advice of the Senate upon an
important question which came before the treaty-
making power. If the Cabinet was divided, as had
been reported, and if two-thirds of the Senate ad-
vised him to enter into this treaty, it did appear to
him (Mr. J.) that the Executive would not be in-
volved in the seeming inconsistency upon which
the gentleman from Ohio had animadverted. Mr.
J. was one of those who went for 54° 40' when the
question was before this House; he went for it
still; and had it been left to his decision, he never
would have yielded one inch below that line, be-
lieving our title to be the best title. There were
some doubts about all of them; but as between us
and Great Britain, our title was the better of the
two. It appeared, then, he repeated, that the gen-
tleman was striking too soon; that he should wait
until a fair and authentic exposition was given of
the position which had been taken before he dealt
out his blows to injure the Administration, or di-
vide and distract the party which supported it.
He appealed, then, to his Democratic friends—to
all the friends of 54° 40' upon this floor—to pause
until they received information of the true state of
the question, and the action had upon it, before
they made these inflammatory appeals to the coun-
try ♦
Mr. J. now advanced to the consideration of the
question of protection. The question of the financca
of the Government was an all-important one—one
which involved the very vitality of the Govern-
ment. He referred to the state of war in which
we were now placed—requiring increased expen-
ditures and presented the importance of selecting
discreetly the articles upon which a tax should be
imposed to supply the twelve-and-a-half millions
