1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1013
000,000, which would be #98,487,574 clear gain in
one year's operation! This is what is called pro-
tecting home industry! If this is the kind of pro-
tection that his constituents were to receive at the
hands of the Federal Government, he now, in
elj !1U4me' m ^1C of all that was right, en-
tered his solemn protest against such protection—
the protection that robs the many for the benefit
of the few—protection that transfers $108,000,000
out of the pockets of the farmers and mechanics
proper, into the pockets of the large manufacturing
capitalists of the eastern States, without any re-
muneration whatever. A system that defeats the
very object of our Government; that enables the
large capitalists to live as drones in the hive, and
teed upon the honey accumulated by the indus-
trious bees. It is, in fact, the few living in luxury
and ease upon the labor of the many.
Mr. J. had not concluded when his hour expired.
Mr. COLLAMER obtained the floor, but yield-
ed to a motion that the committee rise.
An effort was made by Mr. RATHBUN (which
iailed) to have the bill laid aside, for the purpose
of taking up the bill heretofore under discussion,
to regulate the appointment of public officers.
The committee then rose and reported.
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, June 29, 1846.
Mr. ATHERTON presented the credentials of
JosErn Cilley, of New Hampshire, elected a
Senator of the United States to fill the unexpired
term of Mr. Woodbury.
Mr. BERRIEN, on leave, introduced a bill to
provide for the distribution of the edition of the
laws and treaties of the United States published by
Little & Brown; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
On motion of Mr. CASS, it was
Resolved, That the President of theUnitcd States
be requested to communicate to the Senate the pro-
gress which has been made in the surveys of the
mineral region upon Lake Superior, and within
what time such survey may probably be prepared
for the sale of the lands in that country; and, also,
his views respecting the proper mode of disposing
of the said lands, keeping in view the interests of
the United States, and the equitable claims of in-
dividuals who, under the authority of the War
Department, have made improvements thereon,
or acquired rights of possession.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, announcing the death of the Hon.
Richabd P. HerrSck, a Representative from the
State of New York, and inviting the Senate to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow at twelve o'clock.
The message having been read—
Mr. DIX rose and addressed the Senate as fol-
lows:
Mr. President: The communication which has
just been received from the House of Representa-
tives, announcing the decease of Riruako P. IIkr-
eick, one of the members of that body from the
State of New York, devolves 011 me the melan-
choly duty of asking the Senate to unite in the
customary tributes of respect to his memory.
The presence of death in these HaJIs is always
solemn and impressive ; and it is doubly so when
he comes among us without warning, and when
the victim he has singled out is struck down in the
fulness of health and strength. It is thus sudden-
ly and almost unadmonished that Mr. Herrick
has been summoned to his final account. On
Tuesday last he was engaged in the performance
of his legislative duties, though unwell from the
evening of that day. It was not until Saturday
morning that he was considered in danger; but
long before the day closcd he was numbered with
the dead. Circumstances like these address them-
selves significantly to our reflection. They were
and are still as likely to attend our final exit from
these Halls as his. They admonish us strongly
of the uncertain tenure by which life and its honors
are held. But in the departure of those whose
lives have been well spent, however unexpectedly
they may be called away from the scenes of their
labor, there is a useful and a consolatory lesson.
For while it teaches us that we cannot stay the
flight of time, it teaches us also that we may, by a
faithful discharge of our duties, so measure his
course that he shall not outstrip us in the race we
are appointed to run with him. We may be cut
off in the midst of our labors. Our worldly de-
signs may be left unfinished. But the great pur-
poses of our lives may nevertheless be fulfilled.
Such a lesson the life of Mr. Herrick teaches.
He was born in Rensselaer county, New York,
and always resided there. From his early youth
he was trained to habits of industry. In business
he was assiduous and successful; and he bore m
alt his pursuits and social relations an unblemished
name. For the last fifteen years his place of resi-
dence has only been separated from mine by the
Hudson river. Our associations brought us little
together; but I remember him as a man highly
esteemed in his neighborhood, executing with fidel-
ity trusts of a local character, anil occupying with
respectability a se.it in the Legislature of the State.
In a word, he stood without reproach in the com-
munity with which he lived. He has sustained to
the end the same irreproachable character. He
will be remembered at home for his probity, his
good faith in the transactions of business, his hu-
manity in works of benevolence, and for his kind-
ness and courtesy in social intercourse. He will
be remembered here for his conscientiousness as a
legislator, and for the independence of action which
accompanies and denotes a strong sense of recti-
tude. The standing in lite which Mr. Herrick
attained was the work of his own unassisted exer-
tions. His example is one of the numerous illus-
trations our country affords of the nature of our
institutions to throw wide open the avenues of po-
litical distinction to all. The sudden termination
of his legislative service is one of the still more
numerous illustrations in which life abounds of the
emptiness of worldly honors.
In the bosom of his own family his death will
be most poignantly felt; for in the relations of a
husband and a father his example was deserving
of all contnienduLion. There are circumstances of
a domestic character attending his decease which
are calculated to bespeak a strong sympathy for
those most nearly connected with him. It is but
a few weeks since she, who of all others was best
tilted to perform for him the last offices of afi'uc-
tion, left him on a mission of maternal duty to one
of their children in the North, unconscious of the
more sacred and trying duty which was to demand
her presence here. She comes now when it is too
late to perform it. She will come to find her home
made desolate by this sudden bereavement, and
perhaps not in time even to assist in performing
the lust sad office for the dead.
Mr. President, I ask the Senate to unite in pay-
ing to the memory of Mr. Herrick the usual tri-
butes of respect; and for this purpose I offer the
resolutions which I will now read:
Resolved, That the members of the Senate have
received with deep sensibility the message fiom
the Houseof Representatives announcing thedeath
of Richard P. Merrick, a member of that body
from the State of New York, and that they tender
to the widow and relatives of the deceased the
expression of their sympathy in this afflicting
bereavement.
Resolvid, That the members of the Senate, as a
murk of respect, for the memory of the deceased,
will attend his funeral to-morrow,at twelveo 'clock,
and wear ciapc 011 the [eft arm for thiity days.
Resolved, That, as a further mark of respect for
the memory of the deceased, the Senate do now
adjourn.
Which resolutions having been agreed to, the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, June. 22,1846.
Mr. T. B. KING, by leave, presented a memo-
rial of the Georgia Historical Society, loeated in
the city of Savannah, praying that an edition of
the remaining unpublished volumes of (lie History
of the Exploring Expcditon may be published,
and that the scientific institutions of the country
may be supplied with copies of that history. Re-
ferred to the Committee 011 the Library.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, by leave, reported a bill defining the limits
of the Indian territory west of the States of Mis-
souri and Arkansas. Read and committed.
DEATH OF HON. MR. HERRICK.
Mr. CARROLL, of New York, rose and an-
nounced the death of his colleague, the Hon.
R-icuard P. Herrick, one of the Representatives
from the State of New York. Mr. C.'s address
was as follows:
Mr. Speaker: The delegation from the State of
Ne w York have'devolved upon me the melancholy
duty of arresting your attention and that of the
Representatives of the nation upon this floor,
from the consideration of the .ordinary duties of
legislation, to a series of resolutions which I hold
in my hand concerning a lamented colleague, who,
until within a few days, occupied a seat among
us, but who, in the dispensation of Him who de-
crees all things in wisdom and for good, both in
heaven and on earth, is now numbered among the
dead.
; Richard P. Herrick, of the Twelfth Congres-
I sional District of New York, is no more. On Sat-
[ urday, the 20th instant, at six P. M., after a painful
! illness of a few days, which he bore witli Chris-
1 tia.ii resignation and fortitude, his constitution
I yielded, and his spirit calmly exchanged its earth-
1 ly and temporary tabernacle, as wc humbly trust
i and believe, for Us eternal habitation among the
i spirits of the just made perfect.
! Would that I had longer known my lamented
colleague, that I might bo enabled to do justice to
1 lus charactcr and to portray the history of his life.
; You, however, Mr. Speaker, and every member
1 upon this floor, will unite with me in bearing tes-
I tiinony to the kindness, courtesy, diligence, ability,
j and purity of puiposc with which he conscien-
[ tiously discharged the duties of a Representative
I during the present long and arduous session of
I Congress. The impression left upon your heart
| and our hearts, by his uniform urbanity of man-
ners and gentlemanly and correct deportment, will
not be effaced while one of us sojourns on earth,
and will oft, in vain, cause a lingering look from
e\ery part of these walls for the late beloved occu-
pant of yonder seat.
To the inhabitants of the county of Rensselear—
which county comprised the congressional district
lately represented by my colleague—these tidings
will be 110 less afflictive than unexpected The
name of Herrick was endeared to them from the
participation of his father in the revolutionary war.
Richard P. Herrick dwelt among them from his
boyhood, lie lived to the age of fifty-five years,
lie had long been looked upon as one of their
most, worthy and upright citizens. The founder
of his own fame and fortune, his industry, enter-
prise, and integrity of character, gradually enlarged
the sphere of his business and usefulness, whilst
his philanthropic and generous disposition identi-
tified him with' their institutions of religion and
learning, and gained for him their good will and
affection. They will long cherish his memory.
To his bereaved family his loss can only be
measured and appreciated by those who know and
feel, as they knew and felt, the happiness flowing
from a life incessantly devoted to the manifestation
of the most affectionate relations of husband and
father. Words fail to express the tender ties that
have been severed by this unexpected and sudden
bereavement.
I submit to the House thcfollowing resolutions:
fit-solved, That this House has heard with deep
emotion, the communication of the death of the
Hon Richard P. Herrick, a member from the
State of New York.
Resolved, That this House tenders to the relatives
of the deceased the expression of its sympathy on
this afflicting event; and, as a testimony of respect
for the memory of the deceased, the members and
officers of the House will go into mourning by
wearing crape on the left arm for thirty days.
Resolved, That the members and officers of the
House will attend the funeral of the Hon. Richard
P. Herrick, deceased, to-morrow,attwelveo'cloclc
meridian.
Resolved, That a committee be appointed for
superintending the funeral of the deceased.
Resolved, That a message be sent to the Senate
to notify that body of the death of the Hon. R. P.
Herrick, late one of the Representatives from the
State of New York, that his funeral will take place
from the Hall of this House to-morrow at twelve
o'clock meridian, and that the Senate be invited to'
attend the same.
Resolved, That, as a further mark of respeet for
he memory of the deceased, this House do now,
tadjourn.
These resolutions having been read by the Clerk
they were agreed to by a unanimous vote.
