1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1015
bill for graduating the price of the public lands shall
become a law, the augmentation of the sales of the
public lands will so far counterbalance any losses
incurred in the reduction of price, as on the whole
to produce half a million of dollars more than would
otherwise be obtained from that source. These
„ several sums put together would leave a balance of
$12,580,000 still to be provided for, and a provision
for this balance is contemplated either by loans or
by an authority to the Treasury to issue Treasury
notes, or both, with a distinct recommendation and
preference, however, for the authority to issue
Treasury notes.
Now, sir, with an anxious desire that the coun-
try shall be led into no mistaken policy in regard
to this very important subject of revenue—a sub-
ject always important, and intensely important in
time of war—I will take occasion to suggest for
gentlemen's consideration what occurs to me as
worthy of being suggested, in very few words,
upon these several topics.
In the first place, there is no doubt that a tax
properly laid upon tea and coffee will be productive
of a clear positive revenue; but this will depend
upon two things: first, upon the amount of the
tax; and, secondly, upon the mode of laying it.
The first is obviously a matter for consideration;
and in regard to the second, I suspect that gentle-
men who are desirous of raising revenue by this
means will find their calculations fallacious unless
they make the duty specific. In my opinion an
ad valorem duty will disappoint their hopes of any
considerable amount of revenue. If I mistake not,
under such a system it will be soon found that tens
made up in Canton for the Now York market will
become wonderfully cheap. A specific rate per
pound will undoubtedly make the duty productive
of revenue.
I doubt not that Treasury notes may be avail-
able for the uses of the Government to a considerable
extent. I do not mean as revenue or income, but as
instruments or facilities for the transfer of balances,
and as proper to be used in anticipation of taxes or
sources of income. In regard to this, I would say,
simply, that if it be the purpose of the Government, i
as has been intimated to us for some time, to re- j
sort to the issue of Treasury notes, I think the j
loss of a single day, especially the loss of a single i
week, will turn out to be quite inconvenient; that '
is, if the issue of Treasuiy notes is considered the
best and safest, if they can be, used by the Treas-
ury under authority of law, before the money in
the possession of the Government is exhausted.
All I wish to say is, that I earnestly recommend to
the Committee on Finance, to bring in a bill by it-
self for the issue of Treasury notes immediately.
I believe it has been.as usual as otherwise for suc.h
laws to originate in the Senate—there is no consti-
tutional impediment to such a course; and I hope
that these and other important measures, such as
the modifying of taxes and laying now ones, will
not be suffered to lag along through Congress in a
general omnibus bill. Where the subjects are dis-
tinct, they should be kept separated; and where
they are simple and plain, they should be acted on
promptly.
Having said this much of those two sources of
assisting the revenue, the tax upon tea and coffee,
and the/issue of Treasury notes, both of which I
admit to be efficient, and probably certain in their
operations, I have now to say that other matters,
suggested and relied on in the communication I
have referred to, I consider conjcctural, uncertain,
and not fit to be the basis of provisions incumbent
on us to make before we leave our seats here to
place the Executive in a proper condition to carry j
on the war. 1 Suppose the calculation will be that \
a considerable amount will be secured by a reduc- j
tion of the duties upon articles already taxed, upon j
the supposition that the importation will be so 1
much increased as to increase the aggregate re-
ceipts. I will not say that this is not a well-found- j
ed opinion. I have all proper respect for the source :
from whence it comes; but I will venture to say
that it is but an opinion; it hardly amounts to the
character of an estimate, for want of certain and
positive foundation. We have no experience from
which we can derive a satisfactory conviction that
such will be the result. If I were responsible, I
should not choose to place reliance to any extent
upon this plan.
Well, the next increase is to come from the
operation of the warehouse system. I consider
this equally void of any certain foundation to rest
upon. I do not see how a million of money, in
addition to the present income, is to be derived
from admitting goods into the country to be car-
ried out again without paying any duty whatever.
I really do not conceive that the facility of carry-
ing goods through the country without the pay-
ment of duty, is going to produce us a million of
dollars. This is a matter of which I should like
to see minute details; I should like to see calcula-
tions made by which this result is expected to be
accomplished. At present, I do not see the prac-
ticability of it.
And so in regard to the public lands; it may be
that the passage of a graduation bill would so en-
hance the disposition to buy by reducing the price,
as considerably to increase the quantity sold; but
that that increase will he so groat as to produce an
overplus of half a million, or any other sum, not-
withstanding the diminution of price, is, I think,
a matter of opinion which cannot be relied upon.
So that these sources of income appear to me to
be rather too uncertain to be the foundation of any
satisfactory provisions; there appeals rather too
much risk in making mere opinions, not to say
conjecturos, the basis of legislation for producing
revenue for the purposes of Government.
The truth is, that, if this war continues, we must
have a substantial taxation, or we must incur a
public debt. We cannot look to Treasury notes as
revenue; if they assume interest, and are payable
at a distant day, they become of course a public
debt. There must, then, be a substantial tax, or
there must he a public debt, if the war continues.
Our expenses are very great. I do not say they
are unnecessary; I make no imputation of that
sort at present, lam not sufficiently acquainted
with the particulars; but I stated bore some time
ago, upon the credit of others, that of which I am
perfectly convinced, tlmt our expenses have been
half a million of dollars a day. Forty days ago
we passed an act declaring tliat war existed, and
authorizing the calling out of fifty thousand vol-
unteers. Well, sir, I have a full conviction that
the military expenditures of the Government, the
expense of raising, equipping, and transporting the
force which has already been called out, will bo
found to have cost twenty millions, or very nearly
that amount, at this moment. Sonic portions of
our warlike preparations are peculiarly expensive—
I mean the regiments of mounted volunteers.
They are nccessary, 1 suppose, for the nature of
the service; but there was a document published
here—a communication, I think, from the War
Department—when Mr. Poinsett -was Secretary,
in which it was estimated, if I mistake not, that
one regiment of mounted riflemen in regular ser-
vice cost the Government per annum as much as
throe regiments of infantry, each composed of the
same number of men. And there is good reason
to believe that these occasional regiments of volun-
teers will be still more expensive. Almost every
circumstance connected with this war is calculated
to increase the expense. The vast distance to bo
traversed makes the cost of transportation very
■Treat; and it becomes the duty of Congress to pro-
vide for this extraordinary expense. I do not say
that the expense ought not to be incurred. I only
say that, from the nature of the war, the expense
must necessarily be very great. And I take this
occasion to say that I have seen with great pleasure
the alacrity with which volunteers have rushed to
the public scrvice. A spirit of patriotism and de-
votion to the country's interest has been manifested
of which we may justly be proud.
But upon these sources of revenue let me make
another remark, though perhaps it is too obvious to
require notice. For one-half the deficiency the
Government proposes to rely on Treasury notes or
loans. Well, if this be so, then, of course, I sup-
pose the idea of pressing for the present the inde-
pendent treasury, or sub-treasury, must be aban-
doned by every one; for, what would be the use
i of Treasury notes under a Sub-treasury Adminis-
\ tration ? The issue of Treasury notes would be per-
fectly inconsistent with the sub-treasury system.
It is quite plain that if the Government, for its own
use, is driven to the necessity of issuing paper, it
can have no occasion to make provision for locking
up its treasures. The sub-treasury system makes
it penal to issue or receive anything but specie.
They are, therefore, entirely inconsistent with each
other.
With respect to loans, I beseech gentlemen not
to deceive themselves. There is money enough in
the country, it is true, and the credit of the Gov-
ernment will be good if we lay such taxes as will
producc revenue; but, if gentlemen suppose that a
loan is to be contracted in this country for the use
of the Government, to be paid in specie, in the ex-
pectation that that specie is to be locked up, they
will find themselves mistaken. Those who hold
capital will consent to no such thing. If the Gov-
ernment makes a loan, it must be made in the ordi-
nary way—payable by instalments or otherwise,
under circumstances that wil I show that this amoun t
of money is not to be drained from all the opera-
tions of private life. I take it for granted, then, if
loans are to be made, the new method of keeping
the public money must be abandoned.
And now, sir, having said this much in relation
to the ideas communicated to us respecting the
mode of raising revenue, I desire to add that, in my
judgment, the time has come to ask for the object
and character and purposes for and under which
the war is hereafter to be conducted. The people
of this country, while they are willing to pay all
needful expenses; while tliey are desirous of sus-
taining the glory of the American arms; while
they are ready to defend evciy inch of American
territory, and maintain all the essential rights of
their country; the people, if I do not misread their
desires, now wish to know the objects and pur-
poses and ends for which this war is further to be
carried on. There is not now a hostile foot within
the Hunts of the United States. Our army, at first
an nrmy of observation, then an army of occupa-
tion, has become an army of invasion; I will not
say unjust invasion; but itis encamped at this mo-
ment beyond the limits of the United States, and
within the acknowledged territory of Mexico; and,
if we may credit the rumors which have recently
reached us, a purpose is entertained of marching
immediately and directly to the city of Mexico.
Well, now, the people, as I have said, appear to
me to demand, and with great reason, a full,_dis-
distinct, and comprehensible account of the objects
and purposes of this war of invasion. The Pres-
ident, by two messages, one of the 13th of May,
and the other of the 16th of June, signifies that he
is ready to treat with Mexico upon terms of peace;
while it appears, at least as far as we know now,
that Mexico is not willing to treat. In regard to
this, I must say that, in my judgment, if this be
the state of the ease, Mexico is acting entirely an
unreasonable and senseless part, and the Govern-
ment of the United States, to this extent, is acting
a proper ona: that is to say, as the war does exist,
and the American Government is ready to treat,
without prescribing terms, so as to show that her
terms would be unacceptable, and Mexico declines
to treat, why then I say, so far the conduct of the
United States is reasonable, and the conduct of
Mcxico unreasonable and senseless. I<would de-
sire on all such occasions, for many reasons, and
in this ease for two more than the rest, to keep our
country entirely in the right, and to satisfy every
individual in the country that it is in the right, and
that it desires nothing wrong; and I would advise,
if 1 were called on to give advice, that this Gov-
ernment should tenderaformal solemn embassy to
Mcxico. And the two reasons which would in-
fluence mc are—in the first place, Mexico is weak
and we are strong; it is a war, therefore, on her
part, against great odds; and, in the next placc,
Mcxico is a neighbor, a weak neighbor—a repub-
lic formed upon our own model, who, when she
threw off the dominion of old Spain, was influenced
throughout mainly by our example; certainly we
wished her success; certainly we congratulated her,
upon her change from a viceroyalty to a republic
upon our own model; we wished her well; and I
think now that the people of the United States
have no desire (I think they have no pleasure) in
doing her an injury beyond what is necessarf to
maintain their own rights. The people of the Uni-
ted States cannot wish to crush the republic of
Mexico; it cannot be their desire to break down a
neighboring republic; it cannot be their wish to
drive her back again to a monarchical form of gov-
ernment, to render her a mere appanage to some
one of the thrones of Europe.
This is not a thought which can find harbor in
the generous breasts of the American people. Mex-
ico has been unfortunate; she is unfortunate. I
really believe the Mexican people are the worst
governed people in Christendom. They have yet
to learn the true benefits of free institutions. De-
pressed and ruined by a dominant military power,
