1010
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
maintaining an army of forty thousand troops,
how can a government, limited in its resources as
that of Mexico, flourish? It is impossible. She
has been unhappy, too, in the production or non-
production of men to guide her councils. X am
sorry to say it of a republic, but it is nevertheless
true. Mexico has produced few or none really
enlightened patriotic men. I verily believe, and I
sadly fear, that history will hereafter record the
melancholy truth, that, from the time of the estab-
lishment of an independent government, the people
of Mexico have been worse governed a great deal
than they were under the viceroyalty. Nobody
can wish to see litr fall; but Mexico must hear the
suggestions of reason. She must listen to terms
of peace; this she ought to know. And if her
Government be not hopelessly stupid and infatua-
ted, they must be aware that this is her true inter-
est. Nothing can exceed, I have always thought,
the obstinacy and senselessness manifested by Mex-
ico for so many years in refusing to acknowledge
the independence of Texas. A correspondence
between this Government and Mexico upon that
subject took place at a time when I had something
to do with the Administration, so tluU my atten-
tion was particularly directed to the course of con-
duct pursued by Mexico, which struck me as re-
sembling—though it was much more senseless—
the conduct of old Spain in attempting for many
years to reconquer the people of the Low Countries
after they had declared their independence.
Mexico must be taught that it is necessary for
her to treat for peace upon considerations which
belong to the present state of things. We have
just claims against her—claims acknowledged by
herself in the most solemn form of treaty stipula-
tions. She ought to make provision for the pay-
ment of those claims; in short, she must be brought
to justice. lam not one of those who would do
her an injustice; but it does appear to me that if,
after all that has occurred, she still persists in re-
fusing to receive an American Minister on the
ground that it was through the fault of the United
State that she lost Texas, she will be acting a very
senseless part.
As to her enlisting thesympatliy offoieign Pow-
ers, I have not the least belief that any Power
stands behind Mexico. I have not the least belief
in her possessing the assurance of any Power that,
if she will hold on in the contest, foreign aid will
be sent to her. I think the whole policy of the i
Governments of Europe takes a different turn. ;
I believe that they think—and especially England— j
that it is their interest to have Mexico at peace ;
in a state of active industry, cultivating her re- I
sources, multiplying her products, and increasing !
her ability to purchase from them. I believe that
this will soon be the declared policy of the British
Government, as it is undoubtedly the true policy
of all Governments. I believe, therefore, that if
Mexico"rested upon any hope that by-and-by aid
and succor will come from foreign sources, that
hope will entirely fail.
The newspapers speak of mediation. I doubt
whether there is much truth in that; if, however,
any offer of mediation be made by the best friend
Mexico has, it must come down to this at last, that
she must treat for peace. For one, I would \ote
for a suspension of hostilities to the end that nego-
tiation might take place; and if I were to advise,
1 would say, make her an offer of a formal embassy.
I would be for keeping ourselves entirely in the
right. We can afford to do so; we can lose noth-
ing m dignity by it. It is not stooping on our
part, because all the world knows that the contest
is very unequal. If she will consent to this, I say
meet her in negotiation, and in the mean time sus-
pend military operations. Cut if she will not do
this; if she persists foolishly and senselessly in
carrying on the war; if she prefer war to peace,
then, of course, she must have war, vigorous war,
until she be compelled to adopt a different line of
conduct.
Mr. BENTON said the observations of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Webster] chiefly
addressed themselves to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance, [Mr. Lewis,] who might find
it appropriate on some future occasion to reply to
some parts of them. For himself, as he did not
understand the Senator from Massachusetts as ob-
jecting to the bill itself, he saw but two aspects
under which the observations of the Senator ad-
dressed themselves to the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs; and, under these aspects,
i he would reply. The first related to the generals
! which the bill proposed to appoint; and, on this
! point, ho admitted that the committee had found
1 it a difficult operation to carry out their views
; relative to the militia generals. The bill had been
| carefully drawn up so as to avoid any supposed
; inconvenience which might result from the opera-
tion of a recent law, and with a strict view to econ-
I omy. The other related to the expense of mounted
troops, supposed, by the Senator from Massachu-
! setts, on the estimate of Mr. Poinsett, to be three
i to one over the same number of infantry. Mr. B.
i said this depended upon the theatre where the
i mounted force was employed. If in a settled
country where forage was bought for the horses,
I the calculation might hold good; but if where the
1 horses fed themselves, it would not hold good;
! and this was the case with our present mounted
j force. They arc to be employed in the great,
i grassy plains of the Southwest and West, where
1 the horse finds his food under his feet, and where
the food for the man follows in the shape of cattle,
and feeds on the same grass which sustains the
horse. This makes a great change in the charac-
ter as well as in the expense of war operations,
dispensing in these grassy plains, which extend
indefinitely towards Mexico and the Pacific ocean,
with the cumbrous commissariat of modern Euro-
pean armies. In these vast plains the character
of war changes, and becomes adapted to the open- I
ncss of the country and the new mode of subsist- j
ence. It assimilates to the character of war ope- !
rations in Asia, where mounted men constitute the
chief force, and is also tlie cheapest force. Emi-
grants are to be seen in thousands who find sup-
plies along the boundaries of Mcxico both for
themselves and their draft-horses; and Colonel
Dodge, in his reconnoissanee at the foot of the
Rocky Mountains, found an ample supply of grass.
The bill was then taken up in committee of the
whole for consideration.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said that the present bill,
though not perfect, is better than the one which
wo passed a few days since in agreeing with the
committee of conference. It deprives the States,
however, of the appointment of the highest officers
of their volunteers. The States furnish the colo-
nels and subordinate officers, but this bill takes the
appointment of higher officers from the States, and
puts it in the hands of the General Government.
Kentucky furnishes three regiments, which, ac-
cording to this bill, would form a brigade; yet
Kentucky is not to have the appointment of bri-
gade officers. These officers should be designated
by the voice of the regiments, and then the Gov-
ernor of the State should appoint the man of their
choice. What is there in this Mexican war that
should induce us to depart from the old custom?
The men will act better and march prouder under
officers of their own choice, whom they know and
who will share their fortunes in peace or war.
The appointment of these officers properly belongs
to the States. He was willing to give the Presi-
dent the power to appoint more officers to the reg-
ular army, but he was not willing to interfere with
what he considered the militia. It was right that
the militia in the field should bo under the com-
mand of a Federal general; but he objected to this
authority of the President to make specific ap-
pointments of officers of high rank to command
State troops. General Taylor's despatches show
that our army was very much in want of more
officers m the recent battles. One regiment was ;
commanded by a major, another by a lieutenant I
colonel, and another even by a captain ! He was j
therefore willing to have more officers in the gen-
eral army, but he wished the militia and gallant '
volunteers might be loft to choose their own offi- j
eers.
Ho was not prepared to offer any amendments. ;
He would go for a repeal of part of the law passed j
two or three days since. If no gentleman was i
now prepared to offer amendments, he would move !
to postpone and print them. i
Mr. BENTON said the States lost nothing by !
the bill, for they were not in a condition to supply
the generals wanted. The State laws and militia
organization would not apply: militia would serve
six months—the volunteers serve for twelve. If a
militia general was therefore called out, he would
come with his militia commission, and under the i
law which provides for calling out the militia; he .
would therefore be different in character and differ- j
eat in teim of service from the troops which he I
commanded. But how call out the militia generals^
If done, must it not .be according to the laws of the
States, and which may require the senior officer
to be taken ? Can he be selected either by the*
Governor of the State or the President? Here
j are certainly grave difficulties, all of which are '
I easily and constitutionally avoided by the bill
now before the Senate. This bill violates no
right of the States: it deprives them of no appoint-
I ment which they could make themselves. For,
unless their Legislatures are con vened to authorize
the appointment of twelve, months' generals to
command the volunteers, they have no generals
which they can furnish. Mr. B. acquiesced in the
motion of Mr. Crittenden to postpone the bill till -
to-morrow, when he hoped it would be read the
third time and passed, the exigency of the public
service requiring the immediate appointment of the
generals.
i Mr. CRITTENDEN thought it did away with
! the old custom. Our militia laws were intended to
keep the power of these appointments away from
the vortex of Executive patronage. This system
of raising volunteers seemed to him to be an exclu-
sion of the militia, the constitutional force of the
country, by rendering them useless. When the
militia are called out, they appoint their own offi-
cers, and go out with them. But we evade this
mode by raising a force, and calling them volun-
teers. And have we called out these volunteers in
order to put them under the command of Federal
officers of rank? These troops are still militia,
though you call them volunteers. You have not
appointed the captains, the majors, nor the colo-
nels; why, then, take away the appointment of
higher officers ? Shall Kentucky, and Tennessee,
and other States, not have the privilege which Lou-
isiana has enjoyed, in appointing a brigadier gen-
eral, now recalled to take command of the Oregon
rifle regiment? Every Kentucky volunteer would
feel proud in marching under the banner of his own
State, with officers of his own choice; so with other
States. Shall these men not be gratified? He
would oppose every interference with these gallant
volunteers, in their right to have officers whom
they know, so long as there was a hope of that op-
position being successful. He therefore hoped the
further consideration of the bill would be post-
poned.
It was accordingly postponed till to-morrow, and
the bill was ordered to be printed.
[Several messages in writing were received from
the President of the United States.. Also, a mes-
| sage announcing that the President had signed and
approved the supplemental Mexican war bill, and
, sundry private bills.]
I THE HOUMAS LAND CLAIM,
j Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, rose and said:
| Mr. President, I hold in my hand a New York
| paper, which contains a letter from this place, of
. the 21st instant, which totally misrepresents cer-
J tain remarks made by me on Friday last, in answer
| to an inquiry made by Mr. Hannegan, Senator
from Indiana. I may have been misunderstood,
: for my friends around me, being of opinion that I
! should' answer no such question, prevented me
| from saying all that I had intended to say.
After the vote of the Senate on the joint rosolu-
j tion relating to the issuing of patents for the
i Hmimas claim in Louisiana had been announced
on Friday last, the Senator from Indiana rose and
inquired of roe whether I was not interested in the
claim, stating that he had heard such a report, and
that he had made the inquiry with noioifriendly or
disrespectful motive. Under different circumstances
I certainly would not have replied in the. Senate to
any such interrogatory. Having previously heard
myself, however, that a report was in circulation
that I was interested to the amount of several hun-
dred thousand dollars in the Houmas claim, and
that my action on the joint resolution was to be
attributed to that interest, I was highly gratified
; that the Senator from Indiana had afforded me an
• opportunity of publicly denying the charge; a
| charge made, no doubt," with the view of impair-
! ing the influence I might be supposed to exercise
: from my position in support of the joint resolution.
\ Now, so far from being embarrassed at the ques-
: tion, or from admitting that 1 was interested in the
; lands covcred by the two patents to which the reso-
lution relates, as stated in the said letter, I dis -
tinctly denied having any such interest; and, now I
i repeat that I have not the slightest, persona! inter-
