1018
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June =24,
Ramsey, Rathbun, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell,
Root, Runk, Seaman, Severance, Truman Smith, Albert
Smith, C. B. Smith, Stephens, Stewart, Slrohm, Sykes,
Thibodeaux, James Thompson, Tilden, Toombs, Trumbo,
White, Winthrop, Woodruff, and Young—69.
So the resolution was adopted; and the House
decided that the debate should terminate on Thurs-
day, the second day of July.
Mr. YOST, from the Committee on Engraving,
to which was referred the map of the mineral lands
on Lake Superior, accompanying Doc. 211, upon
that subject, reported the following resolution;
Which was adopted:
Resolved, That the map accompanying Doc. 211,
from the War Department, of the mineral lands on
Lake Superior, as transmitted to this House, be
published with the said document, which has been
ordered to be printed by the House.
Mr. Y. also, from the same committee, reported
the following resolution; which was adopted:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House be directed
to purchase 1,400 copies of a map to illustrate the
practicability of Robert Mills's new plan of steam
carriages, to effect a system of intercommunication
with Oregon, and a commercial highway to the
Pacific ocean, to accompany said Mills's memorial,
printed by the order of the House: Provided, That
the whole cost of the maps does not exceed twelve
dollars.
THE WAR WITH MEXICO.
Mr. CHARLES J. INGERSOLL, from the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, made a report on
the state of the relations as existing between the
United States and Mexico. The caption or intro-
duction of the report states that " the act of Con-
gress of the 13th of May for the prosecution of the
existing war between the United States and Mex-
ico, having become a law on an exigency which
scarcely allowed delay or required deliberation, the
ordinary method of referring the President's spe-
cial message to the Committee on Foreign Affairs
was pretermitted. Still it is proper that reasons
for so important an act should be manifested to the
world." The Committee then proceed at great
length to set forth those reasons.
The report was not read, but was ordered to be
printed and laid on the table.
Mr. CULLOM moved that 2,000 extra copies
of the report be printed. Laid over for considera-
tion under the rule.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, from the same com-
mittee, to which was referred the letter from the
Secretary of State of the 19th of March last, com-
municating letters from the Spanish Minister, rela-
tive to the Spanish schooner Amistad, made a re-
port thereon; laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, submit-
ted on leave,
Ordered, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs
be discharged from the consideration of the memo-
rial of the Charleston Marine Society, praying that
provision may be made for the relief of Ameucau
captains in distress ill foreign ports, and that it be
refeired to the Committee oil Commerce.
THE TARIFF.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Cobb, of Georgia, in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the bill to reduce
the duty on imports, and for other purposes.
Mr. COLLAMER addressed the committee in
opposition to the bill. He was understood to say
(being, however, throughout but imperfectly heard
by the reporter) that he was very conscious that it
was of little use, as to the ordinary purposes for
which speeches were made here, to address the
committee in opposition to the project of a reduc-
tion of the existing tariff of duties. Mr. C. should
therefore make little extra exertion, by raising his
voice beyond its natural pitch, to secure a hearing
from gentlemen in that hall: those who desired to
hear him would readily be able to do so, while he
presumed it would be in vain to address those who
did not.
It was certainly a question of some importance,
and well worthy of discussion, when no less a meas-
ure was proposed than to strike out an entirely new
course of national policy. Were the subject before
the House some petty private claim, or the allow-
ance of a pension to some widow or invalid, it
might be deemed a matter of small comparative im-
portance; although even questions of this descrip-
tion often enlisted talents and eloquence which were
better reserved for more important questions.
What was the question now to be considered ?
The National Legislature, by an Executive Mes-
sage at the commencement of the session, as well
as by the annual report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, was called upon to establish a tariff, to
continue for the future as the permanent peace
policy of this nation, and certain general principles
were-laid down on which the new system was to
be based. This change was called for as a great
national system of internal policy, which was to
remain not for a day or a year, but to continue as
the permanent and settled policy of this Govern-
ment. That portion of the Message which related
to this subject, together with the report of the Sec-
retary, had been referred to the appropriate com-
mittee, and by them reported on, in the shape of a
bill, which was the visible and tangible manifesta-
tion and embodiment of those principles. Speak-
ing generally, the bill was nothing more, though a
few items here and there had obtained a place in it
which did not belong to the system, and were, in
fact, exceptions from it, and which seemed to have
been introduced mainly for the purpose of carrying
the bill through the House.
Since the bill had been reported and printed, it
was now said by those who had the charge of it
that certain modifications must be made in its pro-
visions, owing to the change in our national cir-
cumstances which had grown out of the war. But
Mr. C. could not see why such modification was
necessary, and he protested against them, not only
for the sake of the general cause, but even for the
sake of those very gentlemen who wished to in-
troduce them. The bill was called for as marking
out a great enduring measure, shaping the policy
of the nation for all time to come. Surely, then,
there could be no propriety in slipping a bill of this
character and moment through the House on tem-
porary considerations connected with a state of
war. This was abandoning the project as resting
on general principles, and gentlemen were recreant
to the doctrine they professed, if they held that
any temporary modification was to be admitted
into that which they brought forward as a perma-
nent system of domestic national policy. If gen-
tlemen wanted a tariff to suit a temporary state of
war, let them bring in a bill of like temporary
character. ^ This was due to their own consisten-
cy. If their arguments were fair, if there was any
the least degree of fairness in the arguments they
adduced, they would not attempt to apply them to
a transient war measure. The true question to be
decided by the House was this: whether the pol-
icy recommended by the President and his Secre-
tary was in itself sound and enduring in its char-
acter? Some gentlemen on the other side seemed
honestly to believe that it was; and he supposed
that many of them were perfectly sincere in this
belief, though it was hard for him to believe that
all were so. The question was between a tariff for
revenue, amounting to absolute free trade, 6r a
tariff that should raise revenue in such manner as
to discriminate in favor of protection. There was
the dividing point, and let gentlemen come up to
the mark and meet it manfully. If they believed
that free trade would raise the most revenue, and
work the most beneficially for the country, let
them try it; and then, after their scheme had had
a fair trial, if it did not succeed, let them have the
candor to say so, and give it up. On the other
hand, if upon trial it did succeed, the friends of
protection were prepared to submit, and to say
they had been mistaken. Let gentlemen do one
thing or the other; let them fight openly, under a
true flag. But, if they disguised their purpose, if
they attempted to run the one system on to the
other, there would be no trial and no test; but it
must ever remain a vexed question, which nobody
could profit by but politicians. He hoped gentle-
men on all sides would agree to separate the grand
question as to the future permanent policy of tire
country from the mere transient and temporary
question of what taxes it would be expedient to
lay to provide for the expenditures of the present
war.
Having premised this, Mr. C. proceeded to in-
quire what was the policy of this bill ? What
■were the general principles it proposed to go upon ?
For this was the only sort of discussion which the
limited time of debate under the hour-rule allowed
to any one who desired to discuss the bill. As to
examining the items of the bill in detail, it was a
thing impossible,' and no" man need attempt' it.
Mr. C. should therefore confine hmisel)' to thegen-
eral principles involved; - -
Mr. C. said he had not been favored with" any
report from tjie Committefe of Ways and Means
which expressed the general views of that com-
mittee, or laid down aBy of the principles on which
they had proceeded in framing the bill; but there
was no such thing as mistaking what those prin-
ciples really were. The Executive in his message,
and the Secretary in his report, had given a very
distinct exposition of them. There was nothing
original in the views of either. If gentlemen
would turn to the financial report made two* years
ago by the gentleman from Worth Carolina, then
and now at the head of' the Committee of Ways
and Means, they would,jind the same definition
of a revenue tariff, and the same standard for rev-
enue duties, which were contained in the message
and report of the present year. They were all
there. In fact, the language of the Secretary was
extracted from that report, verbatim et literatim,.
The statements of the Executive certainly had
perspicuity to recommend them; but this was the
character of the report "of the Committee of W ays
and Means; and, as that report contained a full
exposition of the views of its author, it was easy
to see why that gentleman had deemed it unneces-
sary to accompany with a new report the bill of
the present session. The message, if not an ex-
tract from his report, was at least an echo of it.
In brief, what were the principles laid down by
the President? The message declares:
" It becomes important to understand distinctly what is
meant by a revenue standard, the maximum of wMeb should
not be exceeded in the rates of duty Imposed. It is con-
ceded, and experience proves, that duties may be laid so
high as to diminish or prohibit altogether the importation of
any given article, and thereby lessen or destroy the revenue
which, at lower rates, would be derived from its importa-
tion. Such duties exceed the revenue rates, and> are not
imposed to raise money for the support of Government. If
Congress levy a duty for revenue of one per cent, on a given
article, it will produce a given amount of money to the
Treasury, and will incidentally and necessarily afford pro-
tection or advantage to the amount of one per cent, to the
borne manufacturer of a similar or like aiticie over the im-
porter. If the duty bo raised to ten per cent., itwill produce
a greater amount of money, and afford greater protection.
If it be still raised to twenty, twenty-five, or thirty per cent.,
and if, as it is raised, the revenue derived from it is found to
be increased, the protection or advantage will also be in-
creased ; but if it be raised to thirty-one per cent., and it is
found that the revenue produced at that rate is less than at
thirty per cent,, it ceases to be arevenue duty. TJhe precise
point in the ascending scale of duties at"w"hich it is ascer-
tained from experience that the revenue is greatest, is the
maximum rate nf duty which can be laid for the bona fide
purpose of collecting money for the support of Government.
To raise the duties higher than that point, and thereby di-
mmish the amount collceted, is to levy them for protection
merely, and not for revenue. As long, then, as Congress
mav gradually increase the rate of duty on a given article,
and the revenue is increased by such inerease of duty, they
are within the revenue standard. "When they go beyond
that point, and as they increase the duties, the revenue is
diminished or destroyed; the act ceases to have for its ob-
ject the raising of money to support Government, but is /or
protection merely."
It was the same position taken by Mr. Walker,
and both professed to deduce it from the Constitu-
tion , and to hold that a tariff which exceeded what
they laid down as the revenue standard, was in its
very nature unconstitutional. One of the best ways
to test the truth of this position would be to get at
it by a clear and practical case.
Suppose all the shoes used in America were
made m Europe; they were all imported; the Gov-
ernment wishing to raise revenue, impose aduty of
ten cents a pair on all shoes brought into the coun-
try; and suppose that the revenue derived from
this duty amounted to a million of dollars; that,
according to the President and Secretary, would
confessedly yield a revenue duty. The whole
mass of shoes used in the country would be
brought from abroad, and the duty would shut
none out. Now suppose the duty raised to fifteen
cents a pair, and all the shoes still to be imported.
The duty would raise a million and a half of dol-
lars for revenue, provided as many shoes were
worn as in the former case. Suppose the Govern-
ment should then raise the duty to twenty cents
per pair. Under this duty some man might say
to his neighbor, "We are paying a heavy duty on
these imported shoes; cannot we make shoes for
ourselves ? If a war should come, what shall we
do? We must go barefooted. Let us try." They
do try, and begin to make homemade shoes, and
they go on making shoes here, and tflake money
by it. They meet the foreigner in our own market
and undersell him; Unwilling to lose the market,
