1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1019
he comes down in his price. They go a little
lower still, and he reduces his price also, Sup-
pose now the American manufactures furnish one-
half the American market, what is the effect on
the revenue ? The half of the- market supplied by
the foreigner under a duty of twenty cents pro-
duces the same amount of revenue as when he
supplied- the whole market at ten cents. Thus the
foreigner, possessing one-half the market, results
in the production of less revenue than when the
duty was at fifteen cents. When the duty was at
fifteen cents, the Government got a million and a
half of dollars; when it is raised to twenty cents,
the Government gets but a million of dollars.
This exceeded the revenue standard, and, according
to the Secretary's rule, the tax must be reduced
again to fifteen- cents. According to the report,
there was a fixed revenue standard; and as soon as
you diminish the duty one cent you are out of the
revenue standard. The Secretary wished it dis-
tinctly understood that the exact amount of duty
which produced the most revenue constituted the
revenue standard. He frequently used the phrase
" the lowest duty which produced the largest amount
of revenue." Wow Mr. C. desired to know how
this differed from the largest duty which produced
the largest amount of revenue. In the example
given, the duty of ten cents produced a million of
revenue, and the duty of twenty cents also pro-
duced a million of revenue, while the duty of fifteen
cents produced a million and a half. The lowest
duty which produced the highest revenue, and the
highest duty whichproduced the highest revenue,
amounted to the same thing exactly; so that the
phrase lowest duty was introduced as a mere catch •
word. Yet this was the rule which he laid down
as the fundamental principle to regulate the impo-
sition of duties. But the "lowest rate" was the
same as the " highest rate," if both brought the
same amount of revenue.
The next point was, what ought to be the per-
manent revenue? And this question he should
view in two or three aspects. First, what should
be done in the present state of our circumstances?
Second, what, in view of the existing laws and
tariffs of other countries? Third, supposing this
was res integra, and there never had been a tariff
on earth, either in this or any other country? This
last ought to be the great principle governing the
imposition of a tariff; but we could not consider
the subject in this light, because it required too
many sacrifices.
Mr. C. said, we have now a tariff which its
friends said was a revenue tariff, discriminating
also for protection, the effect of which was, to fur-
nish the Government all the revenue it needed,
while at the same time it advanced and secured the
general interest. Mr. C. could not go into all the
details of the various blessings it hud conferred
upon the country. The measure proposed was to
destroy all the capital means invested in manufac-
tures; throw out of employ all people engaged in
those employments, amounting, with their families,
probably to over eight hundred thousand; destroy
all the home markets; derange the currency, and
spread at least temporary and probably abiding
general calamity; to repeal it would break up all
the framework of society, and require eight hun-
dred thousand people to change their employments
and professions, and the whole course of their busi-
ness. It was idle to talk of such a thing.
Again: we were to have a new tariff, proceeding
exclusively on the ad valorem principle, though
the Secretary said that we might discriminate for
protection, provided the duties were kept beneath
the revenue standard. But there never had been a
tariff, either in this or any other country, which
was wholly devoid of specific duties, "the new
tariff, however, was to bead valorem; and what
was the rate which these gentlemen offered? On
wool twenty-five per cent. Why was not the ad-
mission of wool by fraud under the five per cent,
duty to be prevented? Why was there no provis-
ion which went to break up that infamous system
of fraud upon the revenue? Why was the specific
duty on wool taken off? Our present duty on
wool is thirty per cent, and three cents per pound;
but wool costing only seven cents is admitted at
five per cent. It is said that, by fraud, fine wool
is introduced under this five per cent, clause; but
no proposition is made to prevent that, by provi-
ding a specific duty by the pound; but, instead of
that, it is proposed to take off the specific duty of
three eents per pound, and let in all wool at twenty-
five per cent, on the cost; so that all kinds can be
introduced by fraud at even nominal duty. In
December, 1841, under the compromise act, duties
on wool and woollens were down to twenty-eight
per cent. This stopped every woollen mill in New
England. There was but one which continued to
run. From the last shearing, in the spring of
1842, till the tariff of 1842 went into effect, the
winter of 1842-'3, not a pound of wool was sold.
Time does not allow to discuss the prosperity re-
sulting from that act.
The poet Burns said, with as much truth as
poetry:
" But human bodies are such fools
Tor all their colleges and schools,
That when no real ills perplex them,
They make enough themselves to vex them."
Such are the ills "which the enemies of the tariff
of 1842 find to that measure. They are the ills
existing in their speculations, and some of them
will now be mentioned.
Gentlemen insisted that all the duties imposed
added so much to the price of the article imported,
and the same amount to that article produced here.
Mr. C. denied it. It was an assumption without
proof. All the argument by which the position
was supported was a mere theory- Gentlemen
said it ought to be so, and the philosophy of the
matter required that it should be so, and there it
ended. But was a nation, in a matter of this
weight and importance, to follow mere theories,
not only unsupported by fact, but against all the
facts of the ease? It was not true that the amount
of duty added to the price of the artielc in the mar-
ket, if that article could be made at home, and a
sufficient supply for the demand. We had a duty
of twenty-five cents per bushel on wheat. "Would
any man pretend to say that that duty added one
single ccnt to the price of wheat hero ? He grant-
ed that where an article was not made at home the
duty did add something to the price. A part of
the duty went upon the price, and a part of it was
paid abroad; but, when the article in sufficient
quantity was made here, the duty added nothing
to the price. And whether the article was pro-
duced at home or not, if it was not imported the
duty did not add to its price. Very heavy mini-
mum duties were laid upon course cottons, but
coarse cottons were not now impoited: and who
would say the duty was laid on the price of them?
Whom did the duty hurt? Who was injured?
Let the gentlemen show a single man. Let them
look at the article of glass, and of nails, the price
of both which was below the duty. Was the duty
added to the price ? And yet the whole report of
the Secretary went on the assumed ground that
every duty adds so much both to the imported and
home-produced article. Some gentlemen say that
they grunt that doctrine is not true when an article
is entirely supplied at home, but is true if any im-
portation of it continues. But even that is not
true, as would now be shown.
He now called the attention of gentlemen to a
few articles which had a protecting duty upon
them, and were nevertheless imported. There
was a duty on potatoes of ten cents a bushel, and
yet a great quantity of Irish potatoes were im-
ported. Was the duty added to the price? These
gentlemen knew well that it was not. We im-
ported 211,000 bushels of potatoes last year. There
was the article of cheese. There was a duty on it
of nine cents, yet it sold from five to eight cents
per pound, yet G5,000 pounds were imported last
year, and paid duty. Cotton wool paid a duty of
three cents a pound. Would any gentleman say
that cotton sold three cents higher for that ? Yet
the returns from the Treasury showed that thirteen
millions of pounds were imported last year, and
the duty paid; so that the Secretary's rule was no
rule at all. The same thing might be said of hams,
of which we imported thirty thousand pounds last
year. So of beef imported from South America.
Thus, by a thousand tests of fact, the theory of
the Secretary was proved to be a mere vision when
applied to every-day reality; it failed in every
case; and yet his whole report, and this whole bill,
were both founded on that idea. The report was
inconsistent with itself. Here Mr. C. quoted the
report that the revenue had fallen off last October
quarter, and the Secretary says this was owing to
the substitution of domestic products for imported
ones. "Substituted!" The learned Secretary
seemed to think that anything made in the United
States was a mere substitute for the British article,
and that instead of being made here, it ought to
be bought abroad. He said that the revenue had
fallen off because of these substitutes for the im-
ported article. Now, Mr, C. wanted to know how
the American article could be substituted for the
British, unless it were cheaper? How came it to
be a substitute—if the gentleman's principle was
true that the duty was added to the price-—how
came the substitute in the market? The very word
implied a concession by the Secretary which was
utterly at war with the whole basis of his report.
The tariff as it stood produced a revenue of thirty
millions gross, or about twenty-seven millions
when the collection was paid for. The Secretary
maintained that a reduction of the duty would pro-
duce an increase of the revenue. Supposing it
would, why destroy the present tariff? Did it not
answer the purpose? Did it not produce revenue?
What did the Secretary mean when he said that
every duty, exceeding in the smallest degree the
revenue point, was a duty "for protection merely?"
Did not our present tariff, which was a protective
tariff, nevertheless produce a good revenue ? Was
it a protective tariff merely ? The Secretary in the
report gave us no data. There was a great deal of
ciphering, but there was no data on which to found
it. The report put Mr. C. in mind of a story of a
certain stage-driver who was very busily engaged in
chalking a number of figures upon the hearth, and
when asked what he was doing, replied that he was
ciphering out how many passengers he was to have
by the next day's stage. [A laugh.] The Secre-
tary could make a case appear very well on supposi-
tion, but when it came to data and solid matter of
fact, his theory was turned upside down.
There were six articles in our tariff from which
more than two-thirds of the whole amount of reve-
nue was derived. (So in the English tariff, the
great body of the British revenue was derived from
eight articles.) The six articles were wool, cot-
ton, sugar, (including molasses,) silks, spirits, and
iron, and its manufactures. From these six ar-
ticles were derived at present $20,800,000 out of the
total of $30,000,000 gross revenue. Reduce the
tariff, as proposed in the present bill, and let there
be imported as much this year as there was the
last, and on'five of these articles the revenue would
fall short five millions dollars; to bring the revenue
up even to the standard of last year, instead of im-
porting fifty-one millions, we must import sixty-
nine millions. We must bring into the country
eighteen or nineteen millions worth of ti^pse articles
more than we did last year. Could gentlemen in-
duce people to buy this ? How are we to pay for
it? The gentlemen answered that there would be
a great exportation of grain, owing to the repeal of
the British corn laws. Indeed ! And had they
not ascertained the fact that nine-tenths of the for-
eign wheat imported into England was brought
from the Baltic, notwithstanding a high discrimi-
nating duty against it, and ours through Canada
was subject only to nominal duty, and now all aie
put at the same ? The cause of this was the fact
that wheat was raised in the north of Europe by
labor at sixpence per day. Had not our mer-
chants tried the project of supplying the British
market with American wheat, and had they not
failed? Should we not be obliged to sell in that
market at a rate ruinous to our farmers? We
could not then pay for our nineteen millions worth
of additional imports in wheat exported. In what
must we pay for it? In specie, and nothing but
specie. The consequence would be that our own
circulation would be thrown into confusion, and a
general mercantile convulsion must follow. Such
had heretofore been the regular consequence, and
such it must always be.
The great and popular objection against a pro-
tective tariff was, that it created a monopoly. And
now what was monopoly ? It was the selling to a
certain individual or company an exclusive right
to trade in a certain thing, and the forbidding all
other persons to enter into that business. Yet
manufacturing was said to be a monopoly, and
that ill-sounding word was reiterated in the ears of
the people with about as much truth as the state-
ment made here the other day by the gentleman
from Georgia, that two hundred millions were
paid to the manufacturers. A monopoly ! "What
m? In manufacturing ? Was anybody forbidden
to enter into the business? Was the right to man-
ufacture goods confined by law to any individual
or company? Nobody pretended it. Then there
was no monopoly. And it was a mere catch-
word, and so intended.
