1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1021
tables have been loaded recently from citizens of
this same city, insisting and attempting to argue
that a revenue tariff would pfostrate their craft,
and seriously injure the whole country. If what
was avowed by that city in 1820 be the true policy
and power of this Government, then it derives ad-
ditional force from the fact, that manufactures,
then in a state of comparative infancy, have now
grown up to manhood, and, we are told by their
friends, enter into competition with every nation
on the globe.
The difficulty is admitted of ascertaining exact-
ly the proper revenue tax upon all the various ar-
ticles which are imported into this country. The
detail of arrangement is attended with some com-
plexity. We are, however, now dealing with the
tariff act of 1842, and it requires no strong powers
of discrimination to discover that that act essen-
tially and avowedly repudiates the idea of a tariff
arranged for revenue only. The bill now under
consideration professes to act upon that sound,
equal, and democratic doctrine. I shall not at-
tempt to.go into detail; it is impracticable. Com-
ments must necessarily be brief. But permit me
to advert to those deceptive, iniquitous, and un-
equal principles embraced in the act of 1842, called
" minimums" and " specifics." What legislative
trickery is this? The principle and effect is better
explained by the Secretary of the Treasury than I
can hope to do. I read from his annual report:
"Mimmums are a fictitious value assumed bv law in-
stead of the leal value; and the operation of all mininmms
may be illustrated by a single example. Tims, by the tariff
of 184*2 a duty of 30 per cent, ad valorem levied on all
manufactures of cotton; but the taw further provide* that
' cotton goods 'not dyed, colored, printed, or stained, not
exceeding in value twenty cents per square yard,' shall
be valued at twenty cents per square yard. If, then, the
real value of the cheapest cotton goods is but four cents a
square yard, it is placed by the law at the false value of
twenty cents per square yard, and the duty levied on the
fictitious value—raising it five tunes higher on the cheap ar-
ticle consumed by the poor, than upon the line article pur-
chased by the moie wealthy. Indeed, by House document
No. 30S, of the 1st session of the 28th Cungrew, this diflVr-
enee by actual importation was sixty-five per cent, between
the cheaper and the finer anicle of the twenty per com.
minimum, one bundled and tiaity-one percent, on the Uuriy
per cent minimum, forty-eight-and-a-lmlf p(>r eenf. on the
thirty-five per cent, minimum, eighty-four percent, on the
sixty per cent, minimum, and eighty-four per cent, on the
seventy-five percent, minimum. This diUeiomv i.s founded
on actual importation, and *hows an average discrimination
against the poor on cotion imports of eighty-two percent,
beyond what the tax would be if u-se^ed upon tlie actual
value. The operation of the specific duty presents a Htm-
ilar discrimination against the poor ami m favor of the neb.
Thua upon salt: the duty is not upon the value, but it i«
eight cents a bushel whether the article he coarse or fine?
showing, by the same document, from actual importation, a
discmmnation.of sixty-four per cent, against the cheap and
in favor of the finei aiticle; and this to a greater or less e\-
tent, is the effect of all specific duties. When we consider
that $2,89^6*21 74 of the revenue Inst year was collected ! v
minimum duties, and $13,311,085 46 by xpootitc diiiie*, the
discrimination against the cheaper article must amount, by
estimate^ founded on the same document, to a tux <if
$5,10$,422 exacted by mmimuniH and specific duties annu-
ally from the poorer classes by raisins tlnn the duiien on the
cheaper articles above what they would be if the duty were
assessed upon the actual value. If direct taxes were made
specific, tl cy would be intolerable. Thus, if an annua! tax
of thirty dollars was as«e«y<d on all houses without respect
to their actual value, making the owner of the humble ten-
ement or cabin pay a tux of thirty dollars, and the owner of
the costly mansion a tax of but thirty dollars on their re-
spective houses, it would differ only in degree, but not in
principle, from the same unvarying specific duty on cheap
as on fine articles. If any discrimination should be made,
it should be the reverse of the specific duty and of the min-
imum principle, by establishing a maximum standard, above
which value the duties on the finei article should be higher,
and below which they should be lower on the cheaper ai tide.
The tax upon the actual value is the most equal, and can
only be accomplished by ad valorem duties. As to fraudu-
lent invoices and under valuation1", the e dangers me be-
lieved to be arretted effectually by the sti indent provisions
and severe penalty of the seventeenth section of the tariff
of 1819; and now one-half the revenue is collected from ad
valoiem duties."
And by this American industry is protected f By
its operation, instead of discriminating in favor of
the poor, least able to hear the tax, you discrimi-
nate against them. Instead of attempting to equal-
ize your taxes, by impositions upon those best
able to bear them, you excuse them to make the
burden more heavy upon those least able; and, to
cap the climax, instead of applying the tax thus
unequally imposed to the support of the Govern-
ment, it finds its way into the pockets of those
who are thus tenderly relieved. And this is callcd
protection to American labor and American in-
dustry!
But recently the tariflites have become exceed-
ingly kind and generous to the South, and the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stewart] insists
that this minimum principle ought to be retained
to protect our southern manufacturers. How ex-
ceedingly kindi! You say we have the field open
to compete with our northern brethren; we are
commencing the manufacture of coarse cottons.
You are so kind to us that you do not wish to
prostrate our infant establishments; and this policy
will compel us to extend our manufactories. Was
this Government established • to regulate the pur-
suits and occupations of individuals? Then, in-
deed, are we living under a despotism, and not in
a free republic. With the. same propriety may
you attempt to regulate our tastes, our dress, and
our religion. This gross heresy was exploded in
1820 by no less a person than the Hon. Daniel
Webster. Hear him, in advocating the Boston
resolutions, which I have before quoted:
<{Hc (Mr. W.) certainly thought it im'cht be doubted
whether Congress would not be acting somewhat against
the spirit and intention of the Constitution in exercising a
power to control essentially the pursuits and occupations of
individuals m their private concerns—a power to force great
and sudden changes both of occupation and property upon
individuals, not a<? incidental to the exercise of anv other
power, but as substantive and direct power. If such changes
weie wrought incidentally only, and were the necessary
consequences of mi<'!i import as Congress, for the leading
purpose of revenue should enact, then they could not be
complained of. But he doubted whether "Congress fairly
pos>essed the power of turning the incident into the prin-
cipal."
I was much gratified to hear my friend from In-
diana, [Mr. Owen ,1 the other day trace the pro-
gressive changes in society and government from
early times, and particularly the progress of truth
and reason on tne particular subject now under
discussion. In the early history of the Govern-
ment, in the administration of its powers, we fre-
quently copied the errors of our mother country;
and when tiie manufacturing interest became pow-
erful enough, we were visited with a protective tariff
for their especial benefit, in imitation of the restrict-
ive policy of Great Britain. Then protection for
protection's sake" was distinctly avowed and
urged. It was pressed for many years as a part
of that greatil American system," which was to
make us a great, prosperous, and independent
nation. Since that period, however, by the force
of public sentiment acting m accoulnnce with jus-
tice and equality, that doctrine, sustained by soph-
istry and maintained by delusion, and the circum-
stances of the times, has been abandoned, and it
has now changed its form, not its substance, to
again lure and deceive, under the appellation of
<£a tariff for revenuediscriminating for protection."
The principle is not at all changed by this artful
attempt to evade the powerft.il objections to a pro-
tective lantf. Whatever is done in other sections,
no one with us now dares to sustain protection for
protection's soke—or, more properly speaking,
ventures to insist that Congress ought to be gov-
erned by a desire to foster any particular branch of
business without reference to revenue; and still
this is another mode of arriving at the same result
by professing you act from different considerations,
the last resort of interested ingenuity. By this
discrimination you can as effectually prohibit, and
thereby protect, as by boldly avowing and acting
upon the other doctrine. For instance, you desire
to protect iron: place such a tax upon that article
as will prohibit importation, and thereby secure a
monopoly to the home manufacture, and then ad-
just your duties upon the other articles so as to
raise the requisite revenue, and no more, for the
expenses of the Government. You have then a
tariff raising no more than is necessary, and still
you would have, to all intents and purposes, as
strictly a protective tariff upon iron, for protec-
tion's sake," as if you avowed a determination to
act. upon that principle. The effcct would be, that
while a sufficient amount is drawn from the pock-
ets of the people to support Government by in-
creased revenue duties on all importations except
iron, that interest would receive from them also the
amount secured by protection, and thereby their
profits would be unblushingly augmented at the
expense of others. Extend this principle in detail
to woollens and cottons: the result is similar and
perhaps more striking. No distinction in princi-
ple, therefore, can be drawn between a tariff avow-
edly imposed for protection and a tariff for revenue
discriminating for protection, If you exclude the
correct doctrine, (a tariff for revenue,) then every
consideration of policy urges that you go no farther
than that laid down in 1816 by Mr. A. J. Dallas,
then Secretary of the Treasury, and an advocate
for protection. He says: "The amount of the
< duties should be such as will enable the mariufac-
* turer to meet the importer m the American market
'upon equal terrfis of profit and loss." This is
utterly disregarded 'by the present tariff. In many
important articles competition is cut off—that com-
petition which all should desire—the most effectual
means of cheapening production, and securing to
the consumer the advantage of the cheap produc-
tion. You desire, you say, a monopoly of the
home market for your domestic manufactures; and
how can you obtain that but by the exclusion of
all competition between the foreign and domestic
manufacturer? Of necessity, then, the revenue
derived from foreign commerce, which now forms
the almost exclusive source of permanent revenue,
would be reduced in proportion to the extent of
the proposed monopoly.
But we are told, if you adopt a revenue tariff
you prostrate the domestic manufacturer, because
the foreigner can produce cheaper, and will under-
sell him. What was the object of the late " Na-
tional Fair?1' Was it not to show the perfection
of our domestic manufactures, and that here arti-
cles could be manufactured of a better quality and
lower price ? If this was not the object, what was
it? I was gratified to see the skill and enterprise
of my countrymen; but I could not divest myself
of the consideration, that, while these persons who
were so prosperous, by drawing from the labor of
others, profits which enabled them at several thou-
sand dollars expense, to bring together in the me-
tropolis evidences of their skill and ingenuity, they
still had the disposition to cry, like the horse-leech,
" iVIore! more!" Let your tariff be what it will,
(if you adopt the revenue principle the duties must
average from twenty to thirty per cent.,) the do-
mestic manufacturer will (from the necessity of
the case, which other classes are willing to con-
cede) have that additional advantage, which is not
possessed by the foreigner; and surely if manu-
factures can be produced here as cheap as in for-
eign countries, tnis additional advantage will en-
able them to undersell the foreigner; and by the
laws of trade, therefore, the foreign manufacturer
is most certainly excluded, and you have what you
desire—a monopoly of the home market.
Sir, many, very many, are deluded by the ciy
of protection to American industry against foreion
labor. The most effectual encouragement and pro-
tection to that industry is to free it from the re-
strictions and burdens imposed by legislative en-
actments. Give enterprise and industry free scope.
Is your definition of American labor confined to
the work-shops of manufacturing establishments?
Why, even there, do we not know that manual
labor forms but a small proportion of production ?
Capital reaps the largest share of the profits.
The agricultural population, however, are to be
remunerated by these unequal exactions—in the
first place, by securing manufactures at a less
price; and secondly, by furnishing a home market
for their productions. It is remarkable how a man
will persist in a gross ^absurdity whcn he is in-
fluenced by self-interest, and can produce some
plausible argument to sustain his position. As
evidence that prices have reduced under protective
tariffs, coarse cottons and nails, and some other
articles, are. relied on, and always referred to.
Have not these same articles fallen in price in for-
eign countries where our tariff did not operate? I
desire to read another extract from the report of
the Secretary of the Treasury, to which I can add
no force:
"The occasional fall in price of somearticlesafter a tariff
is no proof that this was thei-ffect of the tariff; because from
unproved machmeiy, diminished prices of the raw material
or other causes, prices may fall even affer a tariff; but they
would in such cstse* have fallen much moie but for the
tariff. The true«t comparison is between the present prire
of the same article at home-and abroad, and to the extent
that the price is lower in the foreign market than in our
own ; the duty, if equal to that difference, mut-t, to that ex-
tent, enhance the pnce,andin the same ratio with the lower
duty. The difference in price at home or abroad is geneial-
ly about equal to the difference m the cost of production
and presents in a aeries of years the surest means of the
effect of the duty—the enhancement in price being equal to
that difference if the duty be higher than that difference or
equal to it; or if the duty be lower, then the enhancement is
equal to the duty; and if the article isprodueed. like cotton
more chcaply here than abroad, the duty is'inoperative'
The great argument for the tariff is, that foreign labor bWrii
cheaper than onr own, the cost of foreign productions it is
said, is leaned to that extent; and that we must make ud
this difference by an equivalent dntv and a corresponding
enhancement in price in our own market, both of th* for*
eign article and of its rival domestic product—thus render-
ing the duty a tax on all consumer tor the benefit of the
