1022
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
protected classes. If the marshal were sent by the Federal
Government to collect a direct tax from the whole people,
to be paid over to manufacturing capitalists to enable them
to sustain their business or reahzo a larger profit, it would
be the same in effect as the protective duty, which, when
analyzed in its simplest elements, and reduced to actual
results, is a mere subtraction of so much money from the
people to increase the resources of the protected classes.
Legislation for classcs is against the doctrine of equal rights,
repugnant to the spirit of our fiee institutions, and it is
apprehended by many may become but another form for
privileged orders under the name of protection instead of
privilege, indicated here not by rank or title, but by profits
and div idends, extracted from the many by taxes upon them
for the benefit of the few."
We are in one breath told that if you do not pro-
tect the manufacturers they must be prostrated;
and in the next you are informed that by your pro-
tection you diminish their profits. Perhaps it was
the object of the national fair to bring together at
this place the combined influence of manufacturers
to induce Congress to continue the protection they
now receive under the act of 1842. If this be cor-
rect, these keen, shrewd, sensible business men
misunderstand their interest greatly in desiring a
policy which will reduce the price of their goods,
and, consequently, their profits. The taxes im-
posed by the tariff necessarily form a part of the
price. It is charged by the importer to the mer-
chant, and ultimately paid to the consumer in the
enhanced price. I have the highest authority on
this point, from the mouth of him who is consider-
ed the father of this policy. Mr. Clay, in 1833,
said:
In general it may be taken as a rule, that the duty upon
an aiticle forms a puition of its price."
But how does this apply to articles which are
prohibited? The answer is, that while domestic
competition may partially diminish the price,
(winch, by increasing competition, would still fur-
ther diminish it,) yet prohibition is of no advan-
tage to the domestic manufacturer, unless he is
enabled to obtain more thereby than he otherwise
could; and, I repeat, the iniquity consists in levy-
ing taxes upon the consumer, which are not ap-
plied to the support of Government, but find their
way directly into the pockets of the manufactu-
ring capitalist. Now, as to the home market.
I suppose these kind benefactors desire to extend
to the agricultural population what they seek for
themselves—a monopoly of the home market.
Experience demonstrates that, unless we purchase
of foreigners they cannot buy of us. We export
§100,000,000 of agricultural products, for which
there is no market at home. But, it is said, the
largest item of these exports consists of cotton,
and our grain-growers are not benefited. He
must be ignorant of commercial transactions who
does not know that the cotton States consume a
large portion of the products of the grain-growing
States. If you prostrate or oppress the cotton in-
terest, is it not manifest that you immediately sow
with grain the lands now cultivated in cotton; by
which the grain-grower will not only lose the mar-
ket the cotton planters now give him, but his price
will be diminished by increased production? And
this you do without changing the pursuits of our ag-
ricultural population. It is done by a mere change
of crops. There is an identity of inteiest between
the agricultural classes, whether South, North, or
West. True policy demands that in regard to a
market for our manufacturing or agricultural pro-
ducts, Government should not interfere. Nations
should be governed by the same rule which regu-
lates the actions of individuals as the surest means
of acquiring wealth. " Buy where you can buy
the cheapest, and sell where you can sell the high-
est." Let competition be free and unrestricted
between the foreign and home market. Do we
not know that the foreign price of grain has a pow-
erful influence in regulating the home maikct5 If,
by your restrictive policy, we cut off importations,
to whatever extent we do so, we diminish exporta-
tions; and if we adopt the doctrine of some who
desire to see our country independent of all other
countries, so that we need not send abroad for any
comfort or luxury we wish, what would be our
unfortunate condition? We make §100,000,000 of
agricultural products more than we can consume.
We cannot export it, because we cannot import
foreign products taken m exchange, it being our
policy to exclude them, so as to render us inde-
pendent. We have, then, on hand this large sur-
plus utterly useless, and which must rot on our
hands, and be destroyed. Our farmers are pros-
trated, agriculture—that elevating, ennobling, and
peculiarly American pursuit—is paralyzed and de-
stroyed, and, to finish the picture, our treasury is
emptied, to be supplied only by a direct tax on
that population, thus impoverished and oppressed,
to gratify the sordid avarice of manufacturing cap-
italists. And yet we are exultingly told this is for
the especial benefit and advantage of American in-
dustry !
But* sir, this system has heretofore been justified
upon the ground of retaliation. This argument,
like all the others, is more specious than solid. It
is insisted on with the pertinacity and plausibility
of a better cause, and there is no doubt many
patriotic men have been misled by it. You tell
our confiding farmers: "Why, sir, your tobacco
is taxed 1,000 per cent.; your corn, wheat, and
other articles, are enormously taxed in England,
and is it not right to tax the articles they bring
here ?'' This might have some force if the foreigner
paid the tax, (and it might be very convenient, in
the estimation of some, to tax foreigners instead of
ourselves;) but unfortunately the tax we impose
comes out of the pockets of our own people, who
consume. By the late action of the British Gov-
ernment in relation to the corn laws, this decep-
tive argument, urged by these monopolists, has
been taken from them. They have, however, a
wonderful faculty to change position when it suits
their convenience or interests. It is now discov-
ered by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Hudson,] that the repeal of the British corn laws
should have no influence with us in adjusting our
tariff. New light seems to have beamed upon the
advocates of this restrictive policy. It is an entire
surrender of what heretofore was considered one
of the principles of the American system. Reci-
procity of trade was, in 1828, understood to form
a part of that system. I read an extract from a
speech of the Hon. Mr. Vinton, then and now a
member of the House, and one of the ablest ad-
vocates of that system. He was resisting an in-
crease of the duty on molasses,-as being most per-
nicious to the interests of the western country. He
says:
" They are zealous to benefit the We^t by breaking down
an important bianch of the West India trade, and thus in-
crease the number of whiskey mills in the country, and en-
large the consumption of whiskey. This is giavely called
protection to home industry; and gentlemen who are friends
of the tariff, and do not vote for this* measure, arc taxed
with inconsistency. I need not speak of my course here.
I am, sir, a firm believer in the American system in its
fullest extent, and I claim to have been a consistent sup-
porter of it; and in the vote T shall give against this measure
I do, in my opinion, carry out the principles of that system.
That system aims nor to destroy, but to create and preserve
are its end'.- Tt seeks to enlaige every branch of industry,
both foreisn and domestic ; and there are none who feel and
know the value of foreign trade, when conducted upon just
and reciprocal principles, bcttoi than the friends of this
system. The whole system is based upon a single and sim-
ple principle, 'that the producer, whether farmer or man-
ufacturer, must have a market for the fiuitsof his labor.'
-v v * •* k
The American system is no enemy to foreign trade, but
seeks, as I said, to enlarge it, upon principles of justice and
leciprocity. The American system buys of them who buy
of us, and refuses to purchase from them who will not pur-
chase from us. We cannot impose burdens upon the West
India trade without great danger of losing the supply of
tho«e markets. If we lay such duties on their productions
that our-merchants can no longer buy of them, they cannot
continue to purchase of us. They must look out* for new
customers, who will buy of them."
We annually export of domestic produce about
one hundred millions of dollars worth, (1845,
$99,299,776;) and of this Great Britain purchases
of us about sixty millions, (1845, $61,044,535.)
This is a surplus of production which we cannot
consume here. If we do not find a foreign market
for it, we have none. If we do not take in ex-
change foreign productions, we cannot sell to them.
In this production much the largest share of our
population is engaged. Did we have unrestricted
intercourse, we have the means of rapidly aug-
menting these productions; and as our surplus en-
larges our commerce prospers; our treasury is
suppliedjby diminished taxes, and our wealth, hap-
piness, and prosperity proportionably increased.
And notwithstanding this must be the inevitable
result of unfettering, of removing the burdens im-
posed upon agriculture, is it to be tolerated that
the selfish policy of 4,000 manufacturing capital-
ists is to retard the consummation of this desirable
state of things? We are, however, eloquently ad-
monished to forbear; the country is now prosper-
ing; the vivifying influences of the tariff of 1842
upon the tariff States is earnestly insisted on; ,and
some have even attributed the distress of 1819 to
the want of a protective tariff. This is another
striking evidence of the dexterity of interested
talent in changing position and applymgarguments
and facts to suit present purposes. The. people
are taxed thirty millions of dollars, and still those
people who pay this tax are soothingly and blan-
dishly informed, we are enriching you. by the oper-
ation ! I had always supposea the individual
wealth of the citizens was more certainly augment-
ed by abstracting from their earnings as little as
possible in the shape of taxes. -But have we not
always heretofore heard from these same politicians
that all the revulsions of trade that ever visited
this country were to be ascribed to the want of a
national bank ?—-all the prosperity enjoyed attrib-
uted to the beneficial operation of such an institu-
tion ? Times change frequently, but not more
so than the dulcet notes of these advocates for ex-
clusive privileges. How rapidly they- ascribe
effects to different causes to suit'the ever-grasping
never-to-be-satisfied cravings of cupidity and ava-
rice !! ,
It may be true, that the manufacturing districts
are ,prospering. How can they do otherwise,
when they are reaping such enormous profits from
the labor of the large body of the people? When
they derive profits from twenty to forty per cent.,
while other pursuits yield not more than from five
to ten, and some farmers barely make " both" ends
meet,'' can we expect anything but prosperity
there ?- But while you exult over this scene of
pleasure and delight, ask yourself, whence comes a
large share of these large accumulations? Whence
come the thousands upon thousands that enable
them to get up national exhibitions, and to make
such large dividends? These large profits are not
gathered from the wind or the trees. All- intrinsic
wealth can only be acquired by labor, and what-
ever dividends manufacturers divide must be de-
rived from the earnings of the laboring consumer.
Do we not feel rebuked at the reflection that gov-
ernment, instituted for the equal protection and
encouragement of all, should have lent its power-
ful and irresistible aid to transfer the earnings of
one class thus to swell the profits and increase
the wealth of another ?
Sir, I am satisfied the large body of, the people
of my district, of both political parties, are opposed
to this restrictive policy; and the same remark will
apply, I have no doubt, to every agricultural com-
munity who are not^misled or1 blinded By party
prejudice. As evidence of the sentiments of my
section, permit me to read an extract from a speech
delivered in this Hall by ray distinguished prede-
cessor, [Mr. Rayner,] then and no$ a Whig:
" It is generally admitted that there mustsoon be arevision
of the present tariff, not inconsistent with the Compromise
act of 1833. Even with the income from lands, the present
rate of duties will not yield revenue sufficient to defray the
necessary expenses of the Government, and put the country
in a state of defence. And in revising this system, I shall
take my ground in favor of a uniform rate of duties on all
foreign imports. I am utterly opposed to the principle of
discrimination. This is what the South has always com-
plained of. It is the source and origin of all protective
tariffs. Equalization of duties is the only principle of safety
for the South. Once you commence the system of discrim-
inating duties, the South is at the mercy of the northern and
middle States. I might except from the operation of this
rule, articles that are indispensable to our national safety in
time of war—as arms and munitions of war, whieh I would
prohibit altogether. I might, in time of great pressure and
distress, exempt certain articles of prime necessity, which
enter into the general consumption by the poor—as salt,
sugar, coffee, molasses, &e. Perhaps it would be right to
exemptcertam raw materials—drugs,dye-stuffs, &c.—which
would not be imported at all, but for the exigence of our
manufacturing establishments, and especially those which
enter into the manufacture of articles intended for exporta-
tion. With these and other reasonable exceptions, I am in
favor of a uniform rate of duties on foreign imports." ~
This was Whig doctrine in my section, three
short years ago. If I correctly understand the
paragraph, it inculcates that doctrine of a horizon-
tal tariff so obnoxious to gentlemen here, and
for which the democratic party have been unjustly
denounced. I certainly do not desire a horizontal
tariff—for under its operation much inequality
would also arise. Different rates of duty on differ-
ent articles—a discrimination if your please—proper
not however for protection, but for revenue.
But, sir, the consequence of this protective policy
is most ruinous to the morals and simplicity of thrs
Government, and which view was most forcibly
urged, the other day, by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Collin.] I confess my North Carolina
ideas of frugality and economy have been completely
shocked at what I have seen here. It is utterly
impracticable to lop off this extravagance unless
you strike at the cause of it. When we see a large
and influential party actuated by the leading and
