1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1028
prominent idea to swell the expenses of the Gov-
ernment, to render plausible the excuse for contin-
uing this policy; and when they are assisted by
all those whose self-interest prompts to sacrifice
principle, to gratify personal aggrandizement, what
eke can we expect but extravagance ?
But I will conclude these few .reflections. The
true arid permanent interest of manufactures re-
quires not the fluctuating aid given by Govern-
ment. Permanency and stability, with moderate
profits, are all they ought to ask or desire. That,
according to all the evidence submitted to us, they
"will secure by a revenue tariff. The agriculturists
are willing, by this indirect mode of taxation, to
incur the additional burden imposed, the advan-
tages of which the manufacturers w ill derive. Let
the revenue principle be adopted, and the tariff is
removed from the political arena, the pursuits and
business of the whole country are not liable to con-
stant interruption and embarrassment by frequent
changes in the revenue laws. But as long as you
persist in these exorbitant inequalities, these unjust
discriminations, so long will the voice of the peo-
ple be heard in these halls protesting against your
injustice and gross oppression. Will an appeal to
truth, to justice, to an impartial administration of
your powers, be unheeded? Will not a spirit of
compromise and concession which governed the
makers of our Constitution still be found animating
their sons ? A revenue tariff' is that compromise.
One pursuit under that rule necessarily enjoys ad-
vantages not extended to others. All that a patri-
otic people are willing to endure; but ill the name
of my constituents, 1 most solemnly protest against
that partial, unequal, oppressive, and unjust dis-
crimination between citizens and classes, which
will never cease to be a fruitful subject of com-
plaint, so long as justice and equality arc profess-
edly lying at the foundation, and upon which the
superstructure of our institutions rests.
In conclusion, I desire to submit some brief re-
marks in regard to the Mexican war. I think the
course of the Administration will find its justifica-
tion in a few considerations. Texas voluntarily,
and with our consent, becomes one of the mem-
bers of this Union. She had, by her own valor,
done what all Americans ought to deem a sacred
right—thrown oil' all allegiance to Mexico, and
successfully resisted all attempts to subjugate her.
Mexico, by annexation, breaks off all intercourse
with this country, and our Minister returns, Mex-
ico threatens an invasion of Texas, and concen-
trates troops on the frontier. Our army are order-
ed to Corpus Christi, on the west bank of the Nue-
ces, and there they remain, while this Government
is informed that a minister will be received from
this country. The Executive, actuated by the
same forbearance which has always been mani-
fested by this country towards Mexico, imme-
diately despatches Mr. Slidell. He is refused re-
ception upon the pretext that his powers were
general, to settle all matters ill dispute, and nm
restricted to a negotiation about Texas. Now, if
our Minister had been restricted to that single sub-
ject, is it not apparent tliat, in this, there would be
a direct admission that we had no right to annex
Texas without the consent of Mexico ? And is
anyone prepared to make this admission? I he
vote of admission, at the present session, shows
that number to be exceedingly small. In our reso-
lutions of annexation, this Government reserves
the right to settle, by negotiation, all questions of
boundary. That negotiation, so contemplated, is
indignantly refused. The Mexican army are rap-
idly assembling on the Rio Grande. That river,
since the independence of Texas, (to say the least
of it ) has been claimed as her western boundary.
It was recognised by Santa Ana, in the treaty lie
made with the Texans upon his release, in 1836,
the full benefits of which treaty the Mexicans en-
joyed, and by which they are most assuredly mor-
ally bound. That boundary has ever since been
claimed in all the public acts of Texas, and by
this Government recognised at the present session
of Congress. . ,
After all attempts at negotiation had failed, the
army is ordered to the frontier to resist a threatened
invasion—the most appropriate position, as all
must admit, for supplies and communication.
While thus posted, we are attacked, and Ameri-
can blood is spilt, and the war in which we are
now engaged is the consequence. It will not do to
sav in justification of Mexico that the country be-
tween the Nueces and the llio Grande was disputed
territory. Mexico claimed the whole of Texas as
a revolted province. What else, after negotiation
failed, could any American President be expected
to do but to defend the territory claimed by one
of the States of this Union? Suppose he had neg-
lected to place the army in the position he did, and
Mexico had invaded Texas: would he not justly
have incurred the severest censure, and received
the most indignant condemnation for a gross dere-
liction of duty to one of the States of this Union ?
This, briefly, is the state of facts for which the
Executive is stigmatized as being guilty of the
grossest usurpation. Let gentlemen beware how
they deal in denunciations of the Government of
their country, engaged in the commendable act of
resisting an invasion of the territory, and defend-
ing the rights and honor of one of the States. They
will most certainly incur the execration of a patri-
otic constituency, and ultimately will he placed in
the same category with the peace-party Federalists
of the last war, who were visited with merited re-
buke and political oblivion. I trust and believe
the Mexican war will be a short one. The spirit
of the country, wafted here from every section, is
a certain guaranty of that desirable result. And
our course and success in this conflict will be anoth-
er evidence that we shall furnish to Europe^ that
while the people of this country will never insist
upon anything but what is right, they never will
submit to anything that is wrong.
Mr. W. HUNT addressed the committee in op-
position to the bill, and in vindication generally of
the systepi of protection, and the tariff policy of
1849.
Mr. WINTHROP obtained the floor, but said
that, as ho wished to address the committee, and
not to speak to empty benches, he would move
that the committee rise.
The question being put, the ayes were 44, the
noes 32—no quorum voting.
After the committee had risen—
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, moved a
call of the House.
Mr. ASHMUN moved to adjourn; and the yeas
and nays being ordered, ho withdrew the motion,
to save time.
Mr. DROMGOOLE renewed it. The yeas and
nays were taken, and the motion was lost: Yeas
39, nays .r>(i.
The question was then put on a motion for a call,
and lost.
Another motion was made to adjourn; the yeas
and nays were ordered, and the motion was with-
drawn .
Mr. DROMGOOLE said it was ascertained that
a quorum was not present, and as a majority of
those present had refused to take measures to en-
force the attendance of the absentees, he would
renew the motion to adjourn. The yeas and nays
were taken, and there were, for the adjournment
43, against it 42.
So the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were pre-
sented under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
Hy Mr. mtOCKUN'HROUGn : The petition of John P.
TMiHviii, and others, citizens of Dado county, Floiida, for a
mail route m that comity: referred to tlie Committee on the
Post Ottiee and Pose Roads.
By Mr. McOl.KT.LAND : Ttlroe memorials of citizens of
Michigan, in roaard to the mineral hinds on Lake Superior:
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
lly Mr. MOWKI.1SY: Tvvosevcr.it petitions of Bctey Sher-
burne, widow of Andrew Slicrlmrne, and of Photic Parlinin,
widow of E/.okiol Pnrliatn, revolutionary pensioners, pray-
ing that they may he placed on the pension roll.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 25, 1846.
Mr. SEVIER presented the petition of Thomas
L. Judge, in behalf of the Apalachicola tribe of
Indians, praying compensation for their improve-
ments on the lands ceded to the United States by
the treaty of the 9th May, 1832; which was refer-
red to the Committee oil Indian Affairs.
Mr. S. also presented the petition of David But-
ler, United States military storekeeper, praying
additional pay while in command of the United
States arsenal at Mount Vernon and Port Morgan,
in the State of Alabama; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE presented the petition of
Joseph Campan, praying the confirmation of his
title to a certain tract of land in the State of Michi-
gan ; which was referred to the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims. , .
Mr. ASHLEY submitted documents m relation
to the claim of Elizabeth Pistole to a pension;
which were referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions. . .
Mr. A. also submitted the following resolution;
which was agreed to: .
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be
instructed to inquire into the propriety of granting
a pension to Elizabeth Pistole, of Arkansas, widow
of Charles Pistole, deceased.
Mr. BRIGHT, pursuant to notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill to increase the
pay of the non-commissioned officers, musicians,
and privates of the army of the United States, and
the militia and volunteers of the same, and allow-
ing them bounty land in certain cases; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, reported a bill for the relief of Peter Ingles;
which was read, and passed to the second reading;
and the accompanying report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. PEARCE, from the Committee on the Li-
brary, reported "A bill providing for the publica-
tion and distribution of additional copies of the
narrative and scientific works of the exploring
expedition, under the command of Commander
Charles Wilkes, of the United States navy;" which
was read, and passed to a second reading; and the
accompanying i-eport was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, icported, with an amendment, the House
bill granting certain lands to the Territory of Iowa,
to aid in the improvement of the navigation of the
Des Moines river, in said Territory.
Mr. B. also, from the same committee, reported,
with an amendment, the House bill to amend the
act entitled "An act to grant a quantity of land to
the Territory of Wisconsin, for the purpose of aid-
ing in opening a canal to connect the waters of Lake
Michigan with those of Rock river.
Mr. B. further, from the same committee, re-
ported, without amendment, the House bill to
grant a quantity of land to aid in the improvement
of the Pox and Wisconsin rivers, and to connect
the same by a canal, in the Territory of Wiscon-
sin.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a joint resolution relative
to errors and defective returns in certain surveys,
plats, and field notes; which was read, and passed
to the second reading, and the accompanying re-
port was ordered to be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, submitted an adverse report
upon the petition of Cecilia Carroll; which was
ordered to be printed.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the resolution submitted by Mr. Hannegan, pro-
viding for the adjournment of Congress sine die on
the 20th of July.
Mr. BREESE moved (in the absence of Mr.
Hannegan) that the consideration of the resolu-
tion be postponed until Monday next.
Mr. HUNTINGTON expressed the hope that
a postponement would not prevail.
Mr. BREESE demanded the yeas and nays
upon his motion, and they were ordered; and,
being taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alien, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Bag-
hy, Benton, Breese, Calhoun, Cass, Colquitt, Evans, Hous-
ton, Lewis, McDufiie, Phelps, Husk, Sevier, Sturgeon, Tur-
ney, Westcott, and Yulee—-2f.
NAYS—Messrs. Jtariow, Berrien, T!right, Cille.v, Thomas
Clayton, John M. Clavton, Corwin, Davis, Dayton, Dix,
Fairfield, Greene, Huntington, Jnmagin, Johnson of Muiy-
land, Johnson of Louisiana, Mangnwi, Miller, Pearce, Sam-
ple, Simmons, Upham, and Woodbiidge—22.
So the motion to postpone was not agreed to.
Mr. BENTON then rose and said, thathe would
give some reasons against fixing the day of ad-
journment, and then move to lay the resolution
upon the table for the present. Besides the nu-
merous important measures which still claimed the
attention of Congress, there was a class of meas-
ures which they had been restrained from acting
upon heretofore, and which theymight now, within
a short period, be able to act upon without restraint.
He alluded to the Oregon territory, and the meas-
