1024
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25.
ures which would be necessary for its government,
and for the preservation of law and order among
the people. An organic law was necessary to be
passed—a law which would stand for a constitu-
tion for the territory—and which would require
provisions of a large and liberal kind. A territo-
rial government was to be established, to have its
seat four thousand miles from this seat of govern-
ment, composed of people of many nations, and
immediately in commercial and social communi-
cation with eastern Asia. A territorial government
of that kind must have large arid liberal powers,
and must be strong. We wanted a strong territo-
rial government in that quarter, and able men to
administer it. We wanted a governor who would
be a superintendent of Indian affairs as well as gov-
ernor of the territory. The militia must be organ-
ized; courts of justice, law, admiralty, and equity
must be established. A collection district and
custom-house must be established, and custom-
house officers appointed; a surveyor general's
office must be established—land officers appointed;
and people enabled to seeure their lands. The
port of the Columbia will need the facilities and
protection of other ports—buoys, beacons, light-
nouses, are all wanted; fortifications are neces-
sary. A territorial legislature must be organized; a
whole class of measures for Oregon must be acted
upon at this session, or delayed for a year. A de-
lay of a few weeks now, is a delay of a year to
Oregon; and Mr. B. called on the friends of Ore-
gon to stand by her now, and prevent this prompt
adjournment—an adjournment which would be
fatal to all her measures. He (Mr. B.) had been
the friend of Oregon thirty years ago, when she
had few friends; he would not desert her now,
when some of her late zealous friends are cooling
off. Besides the great Oregon measures to which
he alluded, there were many others, which are
now ripe for decision. [Mr. Breese, of Illinois,
mentioned the graduation bill.] Mr. B. accepted
it as an amendment of his speech, and classcd it
with the great western measures which the whole
West looked for, and which, with theOregon bills,
is peculiarly under the guardianship of western
members. He concluded with a motion to lay the
resolution on the table.
Mr, HUNTINGTON asked for the yeas and
nays on the motion, and they were ordered.'
Mr. BREESE (the motion to lay on the table
being withdrawn at his request) particularized the
bill to reducc and graduate the price of the public
lands as one most important to the West. He re-
garded it as an act of folly to endanger the pas-
sage of this bill by fixing a day of adjournment,
which would render it impossible to act on it.
Other measures of deep importance required the
action of the Senate, and he was unwilling to do
anything to obstruct it. It would be the better
course to leave it to the House of Representatives
to make the first movement on the subject of ad-
journment.
' Mr. WESTCOTT said he hoped that the joint
resolution would not pass, but be postponed, or
laid on the tabic, or the time fixed at least three
weeks later than that designated. He said he was
surprised at hearing the taunts and reproaches of
the honorable Senator from Missouri to those who
had gone for all of Oregon. He did not know that
any portion of them were meant for himself. His
zeal to do justice and right to those of our citizens
who were in that portion of Oregon that would not
probably be wholly lost to us, had not abated,
although he could well conceive that many might
now entertain the opinion that the subject had be-
come one of entire insignificance. It was within
the knowledge of every Senator that the House
bill organizing the government of Oregon, after
its reference to the Committee on Territories, had
been reported back to the House, and that com-
mittee discharged from its consideration in conse-
quence of their inability to agree in reference to it;
and it was then recommitted to the Judiciary Com-
mittee. Recent circumstances, to which it was
not proper for him to allude more definitely, had
obviated the necessity, perhaps, of any further
action on that bill, and it would be more regular for
the Committee on Territories to be instructed to
frame an organic law consistent with the present
existing state of things, or rather, that would prob-
ably exist, in a few weeks. In his opinion there
was no necessity for any mighty hurry in this
business. If the Senate thought differently from
• him, he could say for both committees—as he was
a member of both—there was no wish to delay,
and that probably a bill would be reported from
one or the other at an early day next week, the
provisions of which could be discussed in the Sen-
ate, and decided as it was proper before -definite
information was received in relation to the estab-
lished boundaries of that country, &nd which
would probably be received by the English steamer
of the last week of July. Both Houses of Congress
could not act definitively until that information
was received; and if the subject was now consider-
ed of consequence, if we had now -interests and
rights in that quarter-worth protecting, Congress
should not adjourn until full information was re-
ceived, and legislation adopted of the character it
called for.
Again: if newspaper accounts are to be credited,
it is not improbable that the present government
of Mexico—if those can be called a government
who have usurped the political power in that coun-
try—are, ere this, overthrown, and others better
disposed to do justice to the United States put in
their places, if so, it is not visionary to antici-
pate that a settlement with that country, and a
treaty of boundary, may be completed within the
next five or six weeks. If a revolution does not
take place in Mexico, the activity of our gallant
army in the West and Southwest may effect what
a treaty would otherwise consummate. Important
legislation, predicated on such a state, of things,
might become necessary to be had forthwith. He
asked, would Senators jeopard the interests of the
country, probably arising, as he had stated, by a
precipitate adjournment? As to local questions—-
the tariff, sub-treasury, land bill, warehousing bill,
and most of the private bills—he believed they
could be got through with with ease by the 20th
July, unless unnecessary and protracted debate
ensued. But the state of our foreign relations, in
his opinion, forbade Congress to adjourn until a
fortnight later. He was not disposed to place the
subject of adjournment out of the control of the
Senate, until we saw our way ahead somewhat
clearei.
Mr. DAVIS did not agree in this distrust of the
House. He thought we might well fix a day for
adjournment, and send it to the House. As it re-
quired concurrent action, if the House refused to
agree, of course the resolution would be harmless.
Are we to sit here froto day to day, till the House
sees fit to move on the subject? Are we to sit
here, without daring to move or express our opin-
ions on the question of adjournment at all? Can
we not say whether public business is in such a
state that we can designate a day for adjournment?
We have now been about seven months in session,
and the business ought, to be in such a state that
we could tell when we shall be ready to bring our
deliberations to a close. The Oregon bill may be
passed to protect the persons, the property, and
the rights of the people of that territory, before the
time proposed for adjournment. If anything
should arise requiring us to prolong the session,
the power remains in Congress to revise its action.
There is plenty of time before the day mentioned
to transact all the business before us. Surely it is
now time to move, unless we intend to carry the
session round from one year's end to the other.
He hoped the resolution would pass, that we
might have a prospect of bringing the session to a
close. If the House of Representatives thought
the day too early, they could amend; but he
thought it full time for the Senate to-express at
least an opinion about adjourning.
Mr. SEVIER said, the time proposed for ad-
journment was three weeks from Monday next.
An important measure was now before the House
of Representatives, the termination of the debate
on which was fixed for Thursday next. It could
not, therefore, be received in the Senate before the
following Monday. Only two weeks would thus
be left for Senators on the other side to vent their
complaints against the bill, and he did not wish to
give them new ground for complaint by refusing
them full opportunity of discussion. Then there
is the Oregon bill, the bill relative to the public
lands, the harbor and river bill, and other meas-
ures, to be disposed of. The appropriation bills
were as yet in the hands of the Committee on
Finance; and to fix a day now for adjournment
| was to him amazing. He felt that he and his
I friends who were in the majority should and would
j be held responsible by the country for the great
i measures before them. If we fail to act upon them
now, we must take them up de noto the next ses-
sion, which will be a short one. We have been
seven months in session, but we have -been 'in*
volved in one war, and have just escaped from
another. These great questions, of course, have
taken up much time. Are we to leave all otlier
measures untouched?—or lare we to tie out hands
'by -fixing a certain dhy, so that we cannot carr^-
them but? He would appeal to the Senator front
Delaware-, [Mr; J. M. Clayton,] andothfer gentle-
men on the opposite side, who told us that we are
responsible for the course of legislation, whether
they should not allow time. 'He hoped the reso-
lution would be postponed. What would be the
value of one or two weeks additional,"spent here,
in comparison to' the good which that additional
time might enable us to do? If we.can adjourn
earlier than the day mentioned, none would be
more rejoiced than he; but there are some on this
side of the House, and some on the other side,
who oppose every motion to meet at eleven o'clock,
or to meet on Friday and Saturday. Give us time.
We only want two or'three things to make this a
glorious session. We only want to pass the new
tariff bill, the land bill, the Oregon bill——
A SENATOR from the other side: " And the
sub-treasury bill.** -
Mr. SEVIER. Yes; and the sub4reasury bill,
and then we shall have carried all our measures to a
glorious termination, and the session will be a glo-
rious session.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON said the Senator had
asked us to give him time. He had mentioned a
week or two longer. This was the first time that
any distinct intention had been given by Senators
on the other side as to the time they would require
to bring about the " glorious" termination of their
efforts. As he (Mr. C.) was appealed to, he would
be willing to grant the time-required. If it would
be agreeable, therefore, he would add a fortnight
to the time, and say the third of August, being the
first Monday of the month, and he hoped his
friends on the other side would be satisfied with
this extension of the session.
Mr, BENTON said he would give the Senator
from Delaware some data, from which he-might
work out a problem. This day a steamer leaves
New York for Great Britain; on the 19th of July
another steamer leaves England forthis country.
That steamer will arrive precisely about the 3d of
August, the day Mentioned by the Senator from
Delaware. That might be a very inappropriate
day to adjourn. Now the Senator nad the figures,
he might work out the problem". It might be bet-
! ter to say the second Monday in August.
Mr. FAIRFIELD said he regretted to differ With
any portion of his friends, but" in this instance he
felt compelled to do so. He was in favor of the
resolution as it was; but to accommodate himself
to the opinions of several Senators near him, he
would move to substitute the 27th for the 20th of
J uly. This, he believed, would afford ample time
for the accomplishment of all the important meas-
ures that were before, or that would probably be
brought before, Congress at the present session.
We had been in session near seven months, and, in
his opinion, it was high time that a period to the
session should be determined upon. And, judging
from what he could see and hear of public senti-
ment, the people were of the same opinion. They
had for some time b,een inquiring what we had
done—what we were doing—and when, if ever,
we expected to adjourn. The questions were per-
tinent and proper, and we were bound to answer
them. "Give us time," said my friend from Ar-
kansas, [Mr. Sevier-,] "as we upon this side of
the Senate are responsible for the measures, give
us time to perfect them." He (Mr. F.) inquired
if we had not had time—ample time? If we had
been here seven months, talking, talking, talking,
without acting, instead of constituting a reason
why we should remain here seven months, or even
one month, it was a good reason why they should
adjourn and go home, and get some fresher and
better impulses by associating with their constitu-
ents. With the views of the distinguished Sena-
tor from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] in regard to
the establishment of a territorial government for
Oregon, or what there is left of it, he fully concur-
red—not in general merely, but in all the particu-
lars to which he alluded—and would regret the
ji adjournment of Congress without accomplishing
t; so important a purpose. But did it follow, that if
,i a time was fixed for adjournment—-say the
