1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1027
A brief conversation followed; aftei' which,
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON demanded the yeas and
nays on the motion of Mr. Bovd; which were or-
dered; and, being taken, were—yeas 46, nays 67.
So the call of the House was refused.
THE TARIFF.
The question then recurred, and was taken on
the motion of Mr. McKay, and decided in the af-
firmative.
So the Hoase resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Cobb,
ef Georgia, in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the bill to reduce the duty on imports,
ant! for other purposes.
Mr. WIN1 llllOP was entitled to the floor, anil
addressed the committee during the hour. After
adverting cursorily to the Mexican war, and ex-
pressing his intention to vote for all necessary sup-
plies to carry it on, so long us the President ad-
hered to the pledges he had given to bring it to a
close so soon as that object could be honorably
effected, proceeded to speak in vindication of the
tariff 'policy of 1842, and in opposition to the bill
before the committee. In doing this, he laid down
the following piopositions:
1. That provision ought promptly to be made
for furnishing the Government with whatever ad-
ditional revenues and resources may be necessary
for bringing the existing war with Mexico to a
just and speedy conclusion, and establishing an
. honorable peace.
2. That no additional revenue can be relied on
from the bill now under consideration, either as
originally reported, or with the modifications which
have been proposed by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury; but tiiat, on the contrary, the whole expe-
rience of the country shows that the operation of
such a bill would bo materially to diminish the
revenue.
3. That this bill is, at best, a mere experiment,
and one which, there is great reason tp fear, would
result in both curtailing the resources of the Gov-
ernment, and crippling the industry of the people;
and that m adopting an entire system of ail valorem
duties, it would open the door to all manner of in-
equalities and frauds, and would be especially op-
pressive to the honest American merchant.
4. That the tariff of 18*12 has proved itself for
three years past emphatically n revenue tariff;
yielding, with signal uniformity, and in precise cor-
respondence with the calculations of its framers, a
not average annual revenue of nearly twenty-seven
millions of dollars, and at once protecting the labor
and enriching the treasury of the nation; and lliat
no substantial modification—certainly no material
reduction—of the duties which it imposes, would
be likely to yield anything like an equal amount to
the Government.
And 5. That an issue of eight or ten millions of
treasury notes, and the imposition of moderate
specific duties on tea and cofl'ee, for a short term
of years, and for the single purpose of defraying
the expenses of the war, arc the only measures for
increasing the resources and revenues of the nation
which can be adopted with any reasonable pros-
pect of success; and that, unless the Administra-
tion and its friends intend to take the responsibility
of resorting to direct taxation, or of incurring a
large national debt, these measures ought to be
adopted by them without delay.
Mr. BliODHEAD addressed the committee in
advocacy of the tar ill' of 1842, not less as a revenue
measure, as demonstrated by its actual operation,
than a measure of salutary protection to the indus-
trial interests of the community.
Mr. E. W. HUBARD obtained the floor, and
addressed- the committee (in a statistical speech, of
which a full report is in course of preparation) m
favor of the bill under consideration.
Mr. EWING, of Pennsylvania, then obtained
the floor, and spoke in vindication of the protective
policy, and in favor of its continuance.
Mr. STROIIM followed on the same side—de-
scribing the prostrate condition of all the industiial
pursuits of the country before the enactment of the
tariff of 1842, and the impulse and prosperity
which It had imparted to all branches of business.
[These speeches will appear in the Appendix
W M^PC^A-SE obtained the floor, and moved that
the committee rise.
On which motion no quorum voted.
The committee rose, and the chairman reported
that fact to the House. It was now a quarter past
three o'clock.
On motion of Mr. YANCEY, a call of the House
was ordered.
The roll was called over, and 92 members an-
swered to their names; not a quorum.
Mr. IIARALSON moved to suspend the call.
Negatived—25 to 39.
Mr. GEORGE W. JONES moved an adjourn-
ment. Negatived—31 to 58.
The absentees were then again called, and 10
answered, making 102 present.
The doors were now closed, and the absentees
were again called, that excuses, if any there should
be, might be offered for them by their friends.
And a portion of their names having been called,
Mr. BURT moved an adjournment; which was
lost.
The call was resumed, and further progress
having been made—
A motion was made by Mr. STRONG that the
House adjourn. Lost.
Further progress having been made—
Mr. BIGGS moved to dispense with further
proceedings. Negatived.
Mr. POLLOCK moved an adjournment. Neg-
atived.
The call of the list having been completed, 27
members were excused for non-attendance—some
because they were sick, others because of sickness
in their families or friends, and others because
they had evme to fight the Mexicans.
Mr. HENLEY moved to dispense with further
proceedings. Agreed to.
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friiuy, June 2(5, 1840.
Mr. HF.llRIKN submitted the following reso-
lution; which was agreed to:
Iletulreil, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
passing a joint resolution to authorize the account-
ing officers of the treasury to settle the accounts of
the United States ship Boston, Captain 1'endcr-
grast, and to pass to the credit of the purser, G.
R. Harry, the items charged to him in the recon-
ciling statement of his accounts.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, submitted a res-
olution, which, being modified at the suggestion of
Senators Wsstcott ami Speight, as follows, was
considered, find agreed to:
llesofrnl, That the Secictary of tile Treasury be
instructed to report to the Senate, such proofs as
may be in his department, as to the frauds report-
ed to have been committed by recent importations
from the West, India Islands into the port of New
York and other ports of the United States of syr-
ups and molasses, and to report such measures as
may be necessary to guard against the recunencc
of such frauds.
Mr. SIMMONS submitted the following reso-
lution; which lies over under the rule:
Rest,I red, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to furnish the Senate with the estimates
by the department of the annual amount of im-
portations which it is cxpcctcd will be made,
should the duties thereon bo charged as proposed
in his report of the 10th instant, specifying the
amount in value of imports of the articles compre-
hended within each of the several classes of mer-
chandise upon which it is proposed to levy upon the
value thereof duties at the rates of 125 per cent.,
40 per cent., 30 per cent., 25 per cent., 20 per
cent,., 15 per cent., 10 per cent., and 5 per cent.,
respectively, together with his estimate of the
amount of revenue to be derived therefrom; also,
the estimated amount of the annual value of im-
ports of such articles as it is proposed shall con-
tinue to be imported free of duty; and that he
accompany the same with a statement of the
amount in value of importations the last fiscal year
of all articles embraced in each class of imports
upon which it is proposed to levy the foregoing
rates of duties; stating in each case the amount of
imports of articles subject to duty under existing
laws, and the rates of 'duty paid thereon the last
year, and the amount of imports of each class that
were imported the last year free of duty, with his
estimate of the amount in value of imports of each
kind after the proposed change in the rates of du-
ties shall have taken place. Also, a statement of
the revenue received from customs for the three
first quarters of the present year, and the amount
to be expected from that source for the fourth
quarter.
Mr. EAGBY submitted the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate any infor-
mation in the department showing the number and
description of troops that have been mustered into
the service from Alabama since the first of April
last, under the calls for volunteers to serve in the
war against Mexico, and discharged._ Also, the
number and description of volunteers, if any, who
have tendered their services to the Governor of
Alabama for the service aforesaid, and who have
not been mustered into the service.
In submitting the resolution, Mr. B. said that
the information sought by the resolution he was
about to offer was not for the purpose of censui-
ing any one. On the contrary, he availed himself
of the occasion to say that, in bis judgment, all the
departments of the Government, the State author-
ities, the officers of the, army and navy, and, above
all, the people, have, in reference to the war against
Mexico, displayed a degree of promptness, zeal,
and patriotism, ahove all praise. The object of the
information sought by the resolution was to en-
able Congress to provide promptly for the payment
of those who had, although disappointed in shar-
ing the honors and penis of the war, exhibited an
ardent and impulsive patriotism never surpassed
and never to be forgotten. Mr. B. could not, upon
a subject like this, attempt to disparage or under-
rate the patriotism of the people of any portion of
the United States where all have done so well. B e
could not, however, repress the gratification hefelt
that a portion of the people of Alabama were the
first, to move, at the call of their country, and to
exchange the, scenes of social and civil life for the
field of'battle, and that the tide of patriotism con-
tinued to roll on in an unbroken current to the
scene of danger. He hoped the resolution would
be considered now, and unanimously adopted.
The resolution was then considered and agreed
tf>.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, submitted the
following resolution, which lies over:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to report to the Senate whether any individual has
been authorized by the department, or recommend-
ed by the department to the Executive of any State
to be authorized, to raise volunteers to serve in the
war with Mexico, or whether the Governor of any
State has been authorized by the department to
reccivc into service volunteers raised or to be raised
by any individual named by the department; and,
if so, that he report the facts to the Senate, together
With copies of any instructions or correspondence
relating to the same, and state under what power
such authority lias been given or such recommen-
dation has been made.
Mr. HAYWOOD submitted the following reso-
lution, which lies over:
Resolved, That a select committee be appointed
to revise the rules for conducting the business in
the Senate of the United States, and to inquire and
make report to the Senate whether any, and if any,
what amendments arc necessary or expedient for
the orderly *or convenient despatch of business. ■ i
Mr. DICKINSON, from the Committee of
Claim's, reported a bill for the relief of the legal
representatives of George Mayo, deceased; which
was read and passed to the second reading. The
accompanying report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOUSTON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the report of
the Secretary of War, communicating a report of
an expedition under Lieutenant Abert, reported
" that it be referred to the Committee on Print-
ing;" which was agreed to.
Mr. LEWIS, from the Committee of Confer-
ence on the part of the Senate, appointed to confer
with a like committee of the House of Represent-
atives in relation to the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses upon the Indian appropriation bill,
reported:
« That the Senate recede from its amendments numbered
9,12, and 19. . ,
" That the Senate recede from its disagreement to the
amendments of the House to its Mill and 16th amendments,
and agree to the same.
Thiit the Senate recede from its disaareement to the
amendment of the House to its 18tli amendment, and agree
