1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1029
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, June 26, 1848.
The Journal of y esterday was read and approved.
Mr. ASHMTTN (leave having been denied) made
an ineffectual motion to suspend the rules, to enable
him to introduce a joint resolution (concerning a
private case.)
Mr. G. S, HOUSTON moved that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. PRESTON KING desired Mr. H. to waive
the motion, to enable him (Mr. K.) to withdraw
certain papers from the files of the House.
Mr. H. declined to waive the motion.
And the question having been taken thereon, the
vote stood—ayes 42, noes 20.
No quorum voting.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON moved that there be
« call of the House.
Mr. (i. S. HOUSTON called for the yeas and
nays on the motion to go into committee.
The SPEAKER put the question as if the do-
fcnand had been made for the yeas and nays on the
motion for a call of the House.
And the House refused to order them.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON then, remarking that lie
would leave the motion to go into committee in the
hands of the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, [Mr. McKay,] waived his motion.
On motion of Mr. JACOB THOMPSON, a
message recetvcd from the Senate, notifying the
House of the passage of certain bills, was taken
up.
THE HOCMAS CtATM.
The joint resolution from the Senate relating to
certain grants of land in the State of Louisiana,
coming up on its first and second rending,
Mr. G. W. .IONICS moved its reference to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. BOYD moved that the resolution be put on
its passage.
Mr. RATHBUN explained the object of the
resolution, and supported the motion of'Mr. Boyd.
Mr. HOPKINS suggested that if the resolution
was committed at all, the Committee oil the Judici-
ary was the appropriate committee. It had taken
that direction m the Senate. He did not think,
however, that commitment was necessary; hut to
test the sense of the House, he would demand the
previous question.
[This demand, if seconded, would cut off the
motion to commit, and bring the House to a direct
vote on the third reading of the resolution.)
Mr. G. W. JONES moved that the resolution
be laid on the table; which motion was rejected.
And the question recurring and being taken on
the demand for the previous question, the vote
stood, ayes 52, noes 50.
No quorum voting.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Virginia, moved that there
be a call of the House,
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON demanded the yeas and
nays, which were ordered;and, being taken, were,
yeas 38, nays 101.
So a call of the House was refused.
But a quorum voted.
The question then recurred and was taken on
the demand for the previous question, which was
seconded.
The main question was ordered, and, being
taken, the resolution was read a third time.
And the question being on its passage—
Mr. NORR1S asked the yeas and nays, which
were refused.
And the resolution was passed.
THE VOLUNTEER FORCE.
The bill from the Senate, entitled "An act to pro-
vide for the organization of the volunteer corps
brought into the service of the United States into
brigades ancl divisions, and for the appointment of
the necessary number of general officers to com-
mand the same," came up on its first and second
reading.
It was read as follows:
lie it enacted bu the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jimerua in Cou^rc^ tmcmhkd, That
the president of the united States be, hud iic is hereby, au-
thorized to organize into brigades and divisions such of tile
volunteer forces as have been or may he called into the ser-
vice of the United States, under the act approved May thir-
teen, eijrtiteen hundred and forty-six, entitled " All act pro-
viding for the prosecution of the existing war between tlie
United States and the Republic of Mexico; and that he be,
and hereby is, authorized to appoint, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, such number of major generals
arid brigadier generals as the organisation of such volunteer
forces into brigades and divisions may render necessary:
Provided, That the foiigadier generals and major generals so
appointed stiatl be discharged from service by the President
of the United States, when the war with Mexico shall be
terminated by a definitive treaty of peace, duly concluded
and ratified; or, in case the brigades or divisions of volun-
teers at any time in the service shall be reduced in number,
the brigadier generals and major generals herein provided lor
shall be discharged in proportion to the reduction in the
number of the bsijjadesaud divisions: Jln>l provided fmther,
That each brigade of volunteers shall consist of not less than
three regiments, and each division shall consist of not less
than two brigades.
Mr. HARALSON moved that the bill be pat on
its third reading. Its commitment, hesaid, was not
necessary, inasmuch as the subject had received the
consideration of the Committee on Military Affairs,
who had prepared a bill verbatim like that before the
House.
Mr. FARAN (Mr. II. yielding the floor) desired
to offer the following amendment, which he sent
to the Clerk's table, and which was read for infor-
mation:
That from and after the day of the eommonoeinontof hos>-
tUiticfl in the twisting win with Mexico, and until the close
ol" the mm! war, the pay of the noiwomun^ioiu d officers,
muMcians, and privates, m the regular army of The Umicd
States, and of vohmiuers and militia in the M'rviee ot the
Umt<>d States, shitll ho three dollar:* pei month m addition
to the pay and allowance now authorized by law.
Mr. HARALSON continued. He could not
conscnt (he said) to yield the lluor for mi amend-
ment of that description at present. It icktcd to
matters that could be made the subject, of legisla-
tion in Some oilier way. it was known that the
original bill, recognising a slate of war with Mcx.-
11,0, passed on the Kith of May—now upwards of
Mix weeks since'—and ihe or11 ani/;il ion of the army
was not yet coniplule.il; yet twenty regiments or
upwards were now on their march to the Rio
Grande, or hud ulieady arrived there.
Cries in several quarters: "Move the previous
question."
Mr. HARALSON paid he was requested in
many directions to move the previous question*,
and looking to the necessity ot action, lie would
reluctantly do so.
Mr. IMtODlII'lADruiscd the question of the ne-
cessity of the commitment.
Mr. KTKl'llLONS and Mr. CARROLL appeal-
ed to Mr. Huiai.hov to withdraw the previous
question, In enable I hem to oiler amendments.
And the question being taken on the demand
therefor, the vole stood—ayes 66, noes G7.
Ho there wus not a second.
Mr. COCKE now offered the following amend-
ment to the bill:
Strike out the words? " and brigadier generals"
and the words "into brigades and," and insert
(immediately before the first proviso) the following:
"And when the munlieis ot" Miliums r regiment-! from
un> one Slute, ottered mid nt pled umlei the net ot'the l:?Ui
of 'Mav, 1M(>, shall he sullieient to con-tltille !i bnixnite, a
In Haulier fjener.ll for Ihe eoninniml of tile Millie t-hilll lie ap-
pointed hy tlie nmlionty of that State m wlueh they belong,
in llio manner pre-epbed by the laws m -s.int Stale."
Mr. STRl'l 1 HNS was opposed (he said) to hasty
action upon a matter of su much importance. He
should move, bel'oie lie took his seat, the commit-
ment of the bill to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, with instructions. The J louse would now
see tlie condition into which it itad been brought
by this kind of nclion. This was the third mili-
tary or supplemental war bill. If the House,
when it passed the original act recognising the war
had not been ragged; if two or three days had
been allowed for deliberation, a satisfactory hill
would probably have been passed in the fust in-
stance. Any gentleman who would look at this
bill would be constrained to admit that, if it was
passed, there would in a few days be a fourth bill
brought forward. All he wished was time for de-
liberation.
Mr. 8. moved to recommit the bill with the fol-
lowing instructions:
"To report a bill ill lieu of the bill now before
' the House, providing that in all cases when any
' State has furnished a sufficient number of volun-
' teers to make a brigade, it shall be officered in all
' respects at coiding to the. laws of said State."
Mr. HARALSON (in reply to the remark of
Mr. Stkphens as to the numher of bills that had
been introduced) remarked, in justification of him-
self and of the Committee on Military Affairs, that
none of these supplemental bills would have been
necessary, if the Senate had acted on tlie bill in tire
form in which it originally stood.
Mr. STEPHENS did not wish to be under-
stood (he said) as making any charge against the
Committee on Military Affairs. He was only
speaking of the impropriety of hasty action. The
charge was rather against the House. Where was
tlie necessity for acting upon the bill at this mo-
ment? Why not let it be printed? He did not
believe there'were fifteen members of the House
who understood the provisions of the bill. Time
should be given for their consideration. The bill
involved great questions; he thought involved
a high constitutional question. He did not wish
to embarrass the passage of this or any other
measure that might be deemed essential. AH that
he wished was, to proceed slowly, correctly, and
safely, but at the same time as expeditiously as
possible.
Mr. CHAPMAN, of Alabama, said it was time
for them to act. This bill only proposed a practi-
cal mode of doing th.it which they had intended
should be done by the bill they had previously
passed. He, therefore, hoped the House would
act without delay on the subject, and that the mo-
tion he was about to make would prevail. He
moved the previous question.
Mr. YANCEY appealed to Mr. C. to withdraw,
to enable him to offer an amendment.
Mr. CHAPMAN declining, the question was
taken by tellers, at the demand of Mr. Huge, and
the Hotise refused to second the previous question
—ayes't0, noes 74.
Mr. YANCEY said he was in favor of the refer-
ence of this bill to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, with instructions. He therefore moved the
following resolution:
Rwlml, That the bill be referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, with instructions that
said committee report an amendment, thereto, pro-
viding for the election of major and brigadier gen-
erals j hy the commissioned officers of each division
and brigade of volunteers which maybe organized
by provision of the hill; and that said officers, so
elected, be commissioned by the President of the
United States.
Some conversation ensued between Mr. GEN-
TRY and Mr. YANCEY, as to the piecise form
of amendment.
Mr. Y. was of the opinion that the volunteer
force, being a peculiar force, and volunteering on
i the supposition that they would be allowed to
choose their own officers, that privilege should be
extended to them as far as general officers are con-
cerned. They know these men, and have confi-
dence in them, and unless volunteers have full
confidence in the officers to command them, they
are not the proper species of troops.
Mr. BURT said he had bestowed some care and
examination upon this bill, and upon the necessi-
ties which a volunteer force suggests in the organ-
ization of the army. He thought this House, if
it, would take the trouble to understand the charac-
ter of these troops, and the character of the offi-
| ccrs of the militia of the States, would perceive
that it was absolutely indispensable that the Pres-
ident of the United States, with the advice and
consent of the. Senate, should commission the gen-
eral officers of the volunteers.
In relation to the amendment of his friend from
Alabama, [Mr. Yancey,] he had only to say, that
it was utterly impracticable, as every one who un-
derstood the organization of the army must see.
In the event that the volunteers choose their offi-
cers, and those officers are commissioned by the
Executives of the States, lie had only to submit to
this House that, under the aet of Congress of the
13th of May last, the militia, whether officers or
privates, can be called into the service of the Uni-
ted States for but six months. The Governor of
a State issuing a commission to an officer, be he
colonel or general officer, can commission him in
the service of the United States for but six months.
He apprehended that none of his friends who were
disposed to insist so strenuously on the rights of
the States would be disposed to controvert that
proposition. He is a militia officer—an officer of
the militia of the States; and under the act of Con-
gress the President of the United States cannot
call either the privates of the States or their officers
into the service of the United States for a longer
period than six months. These volunteers have
been engaged in the service of the United States
for twelve months; and it is proposed by the
amendment of his friend from Alabama, that we
should place in command of these troops who are
