1030
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 26,
thus engaged for twelve months, officers who hold
their commissions for but six mouths. It cannot
be otherwise; it must be so. If the general officers
were sent to command these volunteers according
to the principles of this amendment, and a vacancy
in the office of brigadier or major general were to
occur, he asked his frumd from Alabama, how that
vacancy was to be filled3 llow, in the field or in
the service, when your State brigades or divisions
are sent off m detachments, or regiments, or com-
panies—how "was it possible that the vacancies
thus occurring shall be filled? The great diversity
in the laws of the several States respecting1 the
militia—respecting the mode of appointing officers
of militia, makes some uniform rule necessary.
For instance, in some of the States the general of-
ficers of the militia—major and brigadier generals—
are appointed for four years; in other States there
is no organization of the militia at all.
The expediency of the appointment by the
President of the United States being thus apparent,
Mr. B. proceeded to submit to the House some
views on the constitutional power of the President
to appoint officers for volunteers. He undertook,
from a careful examination of the acts of Congress
from 1791 to the present time, to say, that the vol-
unteers of the States have never been regarded as
the militia of the States; whilst, under some of
these acts, they have not been regarded as enlisted
men in the service of the United States, he said
the volunteers accepted by the President of the
United States, under an act of Congress, have
never been regarded as the militia of the States.
This is the point, as he understood it, of difficulty :
with gentlemen on this floor. Now it was in- j
structive in questions of this kind to advert to the |
legislation of Confess on this subject in times past. !
Mr. STEPHENS interposed, and inquired how I
it was that the President does not appoint colonels
in the regiments of volunteers, unless it be that l
they are considered as State troops ? If they were
regular troops, the President would necessarily
appoint them.
Mr. BURT (resuming) remarked that he had
already said that volunteers had not by previous
acts of Congress been regarded as militia. But in
reply to the inquiry of the honorable gentleman
from Georgia, lie would say that Congress pre-
scribes the number of troops and the organization
of them; and the colonels by the acts of Congress
are permitted to be elected by the volunteers, as a
concession to the prejudice which these troops are
known to entertain against beins; commanded bv
officers of the United States. It isaveiygrcat
concession to those prejudices of the volunteers,
which has suggested the provisions of the bill on
your table : it is that these volunteers shall not be
placed under the command of officers of the army
of the United Stales, because it is known they are
repugnant to being commanded by these officers.
They are taken from the great body of the people:
they will be selected no doubt by the President, if
this authority be conferred upon him, upon every
principle on which <rentlemen endeavor to restrict
the choice and the appointment of the President.
But he held in his hand, prepared with care, a
brief synopsis of the acts of Congress on the sub-
ject of volunteers.
By the law of 3d March, 1791, the President
was authorized " to employ ttoops enlisted under
the denomination of levies, in addition to, or m
place of, the militia, for six months, (to be sooner
disehanred if the public service will permit.)
The President was authorized further to organ-
ize such levies, and alone to appoint the commis-
sioned officers thereof.
By the law of 9th May, 1794, the President was
authorized to require of the Executives of the
several States a body of 80,000 militia. By this
act the President was empowered to authorize the
Executives of the several States to accept any in-
dependent corps of cavalry, aitillery, or infantry, as
part of the detachment aforesaid, provided they shall
voluntarily engage as corps in the service.
By the law of 29th of November, 1794, the Pres-
ident was authorized to call forth of the militia
2,500, to be stationed in Pennsylvania. He was
also authorized, in case he deemed it expedient,
" to direct voluntary enlistments of any of the
militia of the United States, in lieu of the force j
authorized, for a term not exceeding thirty days '
after the sitting of the next Congress." j
No provision as to officers, but the President j
clearly had power to appoint. 1
By the law of the 28th of May, 1798, (3d vol.
laws, 51,) the President was authorized to cause
to be enlisted and called into actual service, in cas„e
of war or invasion, 10,000 troops for three years;
and in addition to -them, to accept any company
or companiesof volunteers," whose commissioned
officers the President is hereby authorized to ap-
point. M
By the law of the 22d of June, 179$, volunteers
under the act of the 2d of May were exempt from
militia duty until their discharge, and were to be
drilled.
Further provisions for appointment of officers by
the President; company officers to be commission-
ed by the President.
By the luw of the 2d of March 1 1799, (3d vol.
laws, 262y) the President was authovhted to accept
75,000 volunteers, of which the officers were to be
appointed by the President.
By the law of the 3d of March, 1803, (3d vol.
laws, 556,) the President was authorized to require
of the Executives of the States " to organize, arm,
and equip, according to law," a detachment of
militia, not exceeding 80,000, officers included.
The President was also authorized to empower the
Executives of the several States to accept, as part
of the detachments aforesaid, any corps of volun-
teers who shall engage to continue in service for
such time, not exceeding twelve months, and per-
form such services, as shall be prescribed by law.
That the detachments of mihlia and volunteer corps
shall be officered by the States.
By the law of the 18th of April, 1806, the Pres-.*
ident was authorized to require the Executives of
the States to organize, arm, and equip, according
to law, 100,000 militia, officers included; and that
he may authorize the said Executive to accept, as
a part of the said detachment, any corps of volun-
teers who shall engage to continue in service six
months.
The said detachmcnt of militia and volunteers to
be officered by the authorities of the States.
By the law of the 30th of March, 1808, (4th vol.
laws, 158,) the provisions of the last law were re-
enacted .
By the law of the 0th of July, 1812, (4th vol.
laws, 374,-) the President was authorized to accept
the services of 50,000 volunteers, to be appointed
according to the Jaws of the States: vacancies oc-
curring to be so filled.
Mr."Madison's message—30th of June, 1819—
recommends that the officers of the volunteer forces
be commissioned by the authority of the United
States.
By the law of Oth July, 1812, (4tli vol. laws,
480,) the President was authorized to appoint the
general, field, and staff officers of the volunteers
that have offered, or shall hereafter offer," their ser-
vices to the United States, under the law of July
6, 1812, with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate.
Volunteers were required to sign an enrolment
binding themselves to service conformably to that
act.
The law of 24th July, 1814, (4th vol., 647,) au-
thorizes the President to receive into theservice of
the United States such proportion of volunteers
authorized by the act of 6th February, 1812, and
that of Gth July, 1812, as the public service re-
quires, if tliey engage to serve for five years or
during the war, unless sooner discharged.
Anil thus the officers of such corps shall rank,
according to grade and the dates of their commis-
sions, with other officers of the army.
By the law of 30th March, 1814, the officers of
the volunteer corps last mentioned were entitled to
promotion in the regular army, and all necessary
appointments and vacancies in said corps, to be
made and filled by the President and Senate. The
law of 27th January, 1815, authorized the Presi-
dent to receive into the service of the United States
troops not exceeding 40,000, which shall have been
employed in the States when raised, and raised for
twelve months, to be ofiicered by the States, and
the adjoining States; also, authorized to receive
40,000 volunteers, to be officered by authority of
t'.-e United States, (4th section.) And that the i
whole number of State troops and volunteers shall '
not exceed 80,000 men.
The foregoing, until we come to the act of 1836,
is the whole of the legislation of Congress on the
subject of volunteers.
It appeared, then, that the States regard volun- :
teers as not militia; that the Government of the '
United States—that Congress in all its legislation
on the subject, liave regarded thein,~no t as the
militia of the States, but as troops enlisted in the
service of the United States. Whenever the Ex-
ecutives of the States "Were authorized to receive
volunteers instead of militia, they appointed the
officers. They Were then State volunteers. - But
in eyery solitary instance, as he had shown, except
the act' of 6th. February; 1812, volunteers who were
engaged in the service of the United States were
officered by the authority of the Government of
the United States; and that act of 1812, as lie had
before shown, on the recommendation of Mr.
Madison, was immediately changed.
Mr. B. should not undertake to define ■whether
the volunteers are militia men, or whether they
are regular troops of the United States; but he
thought it was apparent that the legislation of the
United States has.considered them not the militia
of the States, for he had shown that when so en-
gaged they have been by acts of Congress exempt
from the performance of militia duty; and the au-
thority of the militia laws over them has been en-
tirely withdrawn. lie did rrot perceive that there
was any just ground of constitutional difficulty
here, if"It was a mere doubtful question, he
thought this concurrence of the action of our own
Congress ought to be entitled to grave- considera-
tion. "When, then, they considered that the effi-
ciency of these troops was so dependent upon the
mode of officering; when they remembered there
has been an unbroken series of legislation in favor
of this bill, he trusted this House was not 'about
to adopt another principle, and refuse to authorize
the President to officer the volunteer troops called
into the service of the United States.
Mr. THOMASSON said what had fallen'froro
the gentleman from South Carolina had satisfied
him of the impropriety of hasty,action upon this
question. He tvas not now prepared to say even
what his opinions-were upon this matter. But
this much he could say: he was "unwilling to vesS
in the President of the United States the power to
take from the citizens of any other State a general
officer, and put him in command of the militia of
his (Mr. T.'s) State. He (Ud not whether
you called them volunteers, or what name you gave
them. He objected to the .citizens of-one State
being officered by officers from another State, with
whom they have no acquaintance, and in whon>
they have no'confidence. As to the precedents
referred to by the gentleman from South Carolina,
if there had been this looseness in legislation, he
thought it high time for them now to make some
proper regulations. His colleague [Mr. Botd]
said the laws of Kentucky do not provide how the
militia of Kentucky shall be officered. He did
not remember the precise regulations for the mili-
tia there, if there were any, for really they had
become a laughingstock for the last ten or fifteen
years, since the war fever had gone off; but he
would do this, if he could do no rnorf: he would
vest the authority in, or leave the authority with,
those States which have legislated on the subject;
and if there were some which have not legislated,
and provided.for such a ease, he would say to the
Executives of the States that they must exercise
that authority; he would riot.
He adverted to the advantages theState author-
ities have over the Federal, in the selection of these
officers, specifying especially the greater certainty
that they would choose officers of better general
qualifications, and enjoying in a greater degree the
confidence of the troops.
But another and more serious reason was, that
he did not want to see any more power in the
hands of one man in this Govern ment than is now
in the hands of the President. He understood, if
the field officers came in under the laws of the
several States, they are still responsible to all the
rules and regulations of the army; they are under
the control of superior officers, commissioned by
the President of the United States with the advice
and consent of the Senate. What injury, then,
could follow? If the line had never been drawn
heretofore, let them fix it now, and make the regu-
lation . that whenever any other force than the
regular army of the United States shall be brought
into service, they shall be officered by the States.
Some definite rule of action should be jfixed. He
was for taking the stand; let the Military Commit-
tee of the House, if necessary, draft a bill, and let
them pass it, giving to the States the appointment
of the officers for their own forces.
