1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1031
The Governor {of Kentucky had refused his
commission to any general officers, it was said,
because he was of the opinion that there was no
law authorizing it. But no difficulty could possibly
arise under this state of things. A lieutenant, a
commissioned officer of any grade, could take all
these troops now at Camp Washington, Camp
Owsley, or any other camp, and bring them to the
held, where they would be placed under officers of
the General Government.
He wanted to ask the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Black] where are the colonels
or lieutenant colonels belonging to our regular
army ? Had we an'army, and that army perhaps
now numbering five-sixths of the whole forces of
the United States, and but one colonel, as was said,
and five or six lieutenant colonels ? If, on the other
hand, we had these officers, there was no necessity
for urging the appointment of these officers under
tins bill; let the officers we have take the com-
mand.
He should oppose this bill. He thought it was
time for us now to draw a lino between those in the
regular army of the United States, and those which
he called the militia of the United States, whether
drafted militia or volunteers.
Mr. BOYD said, if it be conceded, ashe thought
it ought to be, that they had the power to pass the
bill under consideration under the general author-
ity given to Congress to raise and support armies,
sustained as they were by the various precedents
cited by the gentleman from South Carolina, he
thought it would appear clear to every gentleman
on this floor that they ought to pass it, and to pass
it now; and that the complaint which gentlemen
make on all sides, that they should not act hastily
was not well taken.
As was remarked by the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Harai.son,] the chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs, jVTr. 15. would again say, in
justice to the Committee on Military A (lairs of this
House, and in justice to the action of this House
upon the subject of raising an army against Mex-
ico, that if the bill reported by that committee, and
sent to the Senate, had been passed by that body,
that gentlemen would not have hud it in their power
to rise and inquire why it was that they had so
many supplemental bills. A gontleman interposed
in the Senate—one of the gontleman's friends—a
particular leading friend [Mr. Ciuttendun] of those
who oppose this bill—and on his motion this pro-
vision was stricken out of the bill originally re-
ported from the Committee on Military Affairs of
this House, and passed by this House. Tims the
opposition commenced; and it has been continued
by gentlemen who agreo with that gentleman in
opinion, both there and in this body.
Now, what was the state of facts in reference to
this bill? Twenty-four regiments are filled, or
about being mustered; of these regiments there
were eight brigades, there being three, regiments to
a brigade. And we have no general officers. Who
can appoint them ? Could the Governorsi of the
States ? Where was the law ? Why would not
the officers of the States act, and make the appoint-
ments? Because there was no law, State or na-
tional, that authorized the Governors to make these,
appointments. Could the President, make them ?
No; they were now asking the power for the Pres-
ident to appoint them. According to the true con-
struction of any and all the laws on the subject, he
cannot do more than select those now in commis-
sion in the several States, to take command of the
brigades mustered into the field.
And what did his colleague. [Mr. Thomasson]
say in regard to the competency of these officers
to take command ? He tells you that the militia
system in our State (Kentucky) has been a mere
laughing-stock for the whole community. And
these are the officers his colleague would have
placed over the Kentucky volunteers, now mus-
tered into service to go to actual war against Mex-
ico!
What they asked in this bill was, to give officers
to their brigades. The necessity is pressing. He
trusted we should have no more talk about haste;
either give us these officers and let these brigades
go fully officered into the field at once, or disband
them. Away with these complaints about haste.
What did gentlemen want? To deliberate? To
deliberate long? To send to the various commit-
tees, and delay action where the necessity for action
is so pressing? The whole thing was in a nut-
shell; and he repeated, it was their duty at once to
provide officers for these brigades, or to disband
them.
He preferred the proposition of the gentleman
from Alabama to all others, but for the exigency
that is upon us. Could they sit here three or four
months, and wait for the election of these officers
before we can avail ourselves of these troops which
are now mustered into service? He trusted in God,
before this could be done, our war with Mexico
will be closed. Let us prosecute it to a speedy
termination, as well as an honorable and just
one.
Mr. HARALSON said, when ho made a few re-
marks upon this subject, a short time since, he
moved the previous question at the suggestion of
friends around him, but contrary to his own incli-
nation. It was done barely to conform to what he
supposed was the wish of the House. As that
motion was not (sustained, he would avail himself
of the opportunity of presenting a few views upon
the merits of the bill, and the necessity of speedy
action upon it. There was no necessity for a ref-
erence of it to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Its principles had been well considered by that
committee, for the original bill which they had re-
ported to the House, and received its sanction,
contained in substance the same provision now
sought to be carried out by the bill under consid-
eration. The Gth section of that original bill, re-
ported from the Committee on Military Affairs of
the House, after providing for the organization of
the, volunteer force called into flic service of the
country into brigades and divisions, directed the
President, " by and with the advice and consent of
the. Semite, to appoint the generals of brigade and
division, and the general staff as now authorized
by law." After it pa>sed the House, this provis-
ion was stricken out in the Senate, and cave rise
to the necessity for the supplemental bill, which
was approved on the, 18th of this month, and which
originated in the Senate, as was intended, to com-
plete the organization of the brigades and divisions,
Imt which, it seems, there will bo great difficulty
in executing, if oven it should not be found totally
impracticable—especially the 2d section of it.
The, difficulty resting upon the minds of many
gentlemen is in drawing a proper distinction be-
tween the militia and a volunteer force. The
clauses of the Constitution under which these dif-
ferent descriptions of military force are called into
the service, are very different. That under which
the volunteer force called into the service under the
act of the, 13th May, providing for the prosecution
of the existing war with Mexico, and under which
that act was framed, will be found among the enu-
merated powers of Congress. It is *' to raise and
support armies"—not relating to the militia, but
to some other mode, of raising them, such as has
been adopted in this instance. This distinction
will bo the more apparent by reference to the very
next clause, but one in the Constitution, which
refers to the militia distinctly, and gives to Con-
gress the power " to provide fur calling forth the
militia to execute the laws of the Union, suppress
insurrections, and to repel invasions." The dis-
tinction was clearly illustrated by the gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Burt,] and has been
acted upon from the earliest days of the Republic
to the, present, time. The whole history of the,
legislation of this Government from the very first
has shown a decided distinction between a volun-
teer and the militia force of the country. Another
clause of the Constitution relating to the militia,
and which has tended no little to confuse this sub-
ject, is the very next to that to which I have last
adverted. It declares that Congress shall have
power " to provide for organizing, arming, and
'disciplining the militia, and for governing such
1 parts of them as may be employed in the service
'of the United States, reserving to the States re-
' spectively the appointment of the officers, and
' the authority of training the militia, according to
'the discipline prescribed by Congress." This
has been construed into a reservation of the power
on the part of the States to appoint officers to the
volunteer force which the General Government
may ask of them to supply in any emergency, and
a consequent prohibition to the General Govern-
ment to exercise that power. The error consists
in not drawing a proper distinction between vol-
unteers and militia; and if that is done, the diffi-
culty is at an end. The militia are called for by
requisition on the States; volunteers are only in-
vited, generally through the Executives of the
Slates; and if they should not respond favorably to
the invitation, you have no power, under laws
passed authorizing volunteer service only,- to re-
sort to drafts, which may be done under requisi-
tions for militia. Under an act authorizing the
President to accept the services of volunteers only,
you cannot resort to drafts. The power to raise
a volunteer force is not found in the clause which
" provides for calling forth the militia to execute
the laws of the Union," &c., but in that which
gives Congress the power " to raise and support
armies." It is, however, due to the patriotism of
our people to state that frequently, although it is
not always the case, requisitions upon the States
for militia are supplied by volunteer service, with-
out the alternative of a resort to draft; and in such
cases they might, and I have no doubt would, be
considered volunteer militia; and the States from
which they might be raised would have the right
to appoint the officers under the reservation to
thein in the Constitution. But when the original
invitation is only for volunteers, under an act
which authorizes volunteer service only, and
where there is no requisition for militia, nor au-
thority to resort to drafts, nor the interposition of
State authority, required to enforce a compliance
with such invitation, I think it cannot be consid-
ered any violation of the Constitution for general
officers to receive their appointments from the
General Government; and this course is sustained
by theuniveisal practice of the Government.
The second section of the supplemental bill, ap-
proved the 18th instant—indeed, the entire bill, as
introduced into the. Senate—was intended, as lam
informed, to supply the deficiencies in the act of
the 13th May, created by striking out a part of the
sixth section of the hill as it passed the House. It
was therefore made, to conform to the views of
those gentlemen in the Senate who differed with
the views of the House in regard to that section.
That section lias been found wholly impracticable,
so far as some of the States are concerned. It
would not bo, found impracticable in my own State;
for, although we cannot boast of our militia organ-
ization, it seems we are in afar better condition in
that respect than some of the other States. In
some, I understand there is scarcely the vestige of
a militia organization left. In some, the general
officers hold their commissions only for a few
years, when they go out, and others are elccted to
supply their places. It is impossible that the Pres-
ident can know, in such cases, whose commission
will last during the twelve months, for which time
the volunteers are called into the service. Again:
under the laws in force before the act of the 13th
May, the militia could' not be called out for a
longer period than three months, and by that act
for no longer period than six months. Suppose
the President undertakes to execute the second
section of the supplemental bill, and should call out
commissioned State militia officers, and send them
into the service : you can, by the law as it now
stands, compel him to serve only six months; and
if he should choose to do so from any cause, how-
ever important his services might be at such a
time, at the expiration of the six months he could
quit the service, or place the army in a worse con-
dition by insubordination, and there would be no
power m your courts-martial to hold him to
account for it, for you cannot detain him in the
service longer than six months. This is scarcely
a supposable case—one not likely to occur—pa-
triotism would forbid it; but it is important to the
service to have such officers as may be compelled,
both by patriotism and by military law, to the dis-
charge .of every duty.
Mr. STEPHENS inquired if there would be
any objection to their electing their own officers
for twelve months.
Mr. HARALSON replied that this, however
desirable it might be in the present state of things,
was totally impracticable. That was the provision,
as he understood it, of the amendment of his friend
from Alabama, [Mr. Yancey.] Suppose that, as
proposed, a law is passed now, authorizing the offi-
cers or volunteers themselves, when tliey arrive at
the camp of General Taylor, to meet together and
appoint, or elect their own generals of brigade and
division: throwing out of the calculation the time
occupied in the assembling of the troops at that
point, it would require at least six weeks in com-
municating between this place and General Tay-
lor's camp, before those officers would be ready
with their commissions in their possession. First,
