1032
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June* 20v
the law must be sent to them—all the troops might
not be at headquarters; indeed, they most likely
would not be; but if they were there—the election
held—the result returned to the seat of govern-
ment, and their commissions forwarded to the offi-
cers—during all which time you cannot proceed in
the execution of the purposes of the campaign for
the want of officers—full six weeks would elapse
before the war could be vigorously and efficiently
prosecuted—a time in which some friend had ex-
pressed his belief that the war would be ended.
Mr. H. hoped so, although he was not of that
opinion. I have shown, I think, that it is imprac-
ticable. If there is to be a .speedy effort 011 the Rio
Grande—if it is intended to prosecute this war with
energy—however desirable, it would produce too
much delay.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, interposed, (Mr.
H. yielding,) and adverted to the fact that one
brigade consisted of a regiment from Alabama,
one from Georgia, and one from Mississippi. Sup-
pose, then, under the principles advocated by gen-
tlemen, that these three regiments, constituting
one brigade, were, to meet and elect a brigadier
general from the brigade, what State would com-
mission him ?
Mr. HARALSON was about to meet this ques-
tion, in reply to the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Thomasson,] who objected to this bill be-
cause, under it, officers from other States might be
placed over the volunteers from Kentucky. Mr.
H. was glad to know, so far as liis section of the
country was concerncd, (and he hoped that the
like feelings pervaded the country generally,) that
when we had a common cause in which all were
equally interested, and it was impracticable to con-
form to the peculiar views and feelings of the
States, there was a patriotism which would prompt
men to the service, although not officered totally
by the States from which they came. He concur-
red in the suggestion made by his friend from Al-
abama, [Mr. Houston,] to the counter plan to the
bill; where a brigade was composed of one regi-
ment from three States respectively, it would be
entirely impracticable to officer it under State au-
thority. But the whole difficulty was removed by
following the precedents of Government from time
immemorial. Consider them as volunteers, called,
together under the power of Congress to raise and
support armies, and give them general officers ap-
pointed by the President with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, to go and take charge of the
volunteers of Alabama, Georgia, and Mississippi.
Officer them under the authority of this Govern-
ment, as they are Government troops and not
militia. The whole difficulty is thus removed.
The original bill was passed by this House in this
shape. There was no objection to it then; and all
the difficulty arose from the fact that the Senate
struck it out, which gave rise to the necessity for
a supplemental bill, which has been found impos-
sible to be carried out.
Mr. COCKE inquired if the present bill did not
contemplate a change in the rule as to the number
of regiments that shall constitute, a brigade? And
if so, what was the reason therefor?
Mr. HARALSON replied, that the practice had
been heretofore for two regiments to constitute a
brigade. There had not been a law distinctly de-
claring it. It was now proposed that three regi-
ments should constitute a brigade. He could give
a reason for the provision which might or might
not have operated on the Secretary of War or the
President, in making this order. One c;ood rea-
son was, that, by this arrangement, there would
be a less number of general officers required; and
there had been a great unwillingness manifested on
the part of Congress to increase the number of gen-
eral officers.
Mr. COCKE interposed, and desired to modify
his amendment by striking out three regiments and
inserting two regiments, so that two regiments
shall constitute a brigade, in conformity (he said)
with the practice of the Government heretofore.
Mr. HARALSON, declining to yield the floor
for this purpose, proceeded to say, that the act of
the 13th of May provided that the volunteers shall
be received by the President in companies, battal-
ions, and regiments. The question was asked by
his colleague from Georgia, if they are to be con-
sidered regulars, why should not the Government
appoint all the officers under the command of col-
onels, including the colonels also ? In reply, Mr.
ri. said the Constitution, authorizing the raising of
armies, does not prescribe the mode in which it
should be done; and we can by law authorize the
States themselves to organize, as far as they have
done, and adopt that organization, which we do
under this law.
In reply to a word of further inquiry by Mr.
Stephens, Mr. H. said, certainly, by the Consti-
tution, you can call for volunteers or militia—mili-
tia for the specified purposes of suppressing in-
surrections or repelling invasions, and volunteers
may be called for under the power of Congress to
raise and organize armies; and they may be re-
ceived by regiments, under the act of 13th of last
month. Six or seven weeks have already elapsed
since the 13th of May, when this act was passed;
and the gentleman from Alabama, by his amend-
ment, would actually work a delay of some six
weeks more before the brigades and divisions
could be organized, and would be enabled to-com-
mence effective operations against Mexico. Mr.
H. did not object to the principles of that amend-
ment, but to its practicability, without producing
a delay which would be entirely incompatible with
the wants of the country at present. There would
have been no delay; our officers would already
have been in the field, and the organization com-
plete, if the bill had passed the Senate as it origi-
nally went from the House of Representatives.
The honorable gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Burt] had quoted many precedents; but there-
was one so much to the point, that Mr. H. hoped
to be excused, in making a further reference t,o it.
It was the act of July 6, 1812, authorizing a vol-
unteer force; and it bore so directly on the present
question, that he "begged leave to read it, to show
that it was not thought by those of that day that
it was a violation of the Constitution for th§ Pres-
ident, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, to appoint these officers. The act provides
as follows:
" Skc. 2. That the President be, and he is hereby, autho-
rized to form the corps of volunteers into battalions, squad-
juns, regiments, bugades, and divisions, and to appoint
theieto, by and vnth the advice and con.ient of the Senate,
iierirrnJ, field, and staff officers, conformably with the mili-
tary establishment of the United States, and who shall be
entitled to the same pay and emoluments as officers of a
similar grade and corps in the army of the United States."
Wc fyeard nothing of the violation of the Consti-
tution (said Mr. H.) when this act was passed. It
passed in accordance with the recommendation of
the President, and for the same kind of necessity
which now presses upon the country.
Mr. ATKINSON interposed, and requested Mr.
H. to allow to be read the message of Mr. Madi-
son to the Congress of the United States; which
was the occasion of the passage of this law.
Mr. HARALSON replied that he would very
cheerfully yield for its reading, and had he had it
before him, he should himself have asked it to be
read.
[The, message was read by the Clerk.]
"To the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States:
" With a view the better to adapt to the public service the
volunteer force contemplated by the act passed on the sixth
dav of February, I recommend to the consideration of Con-
gress the expediency of making the requisite piovision for
the officer-! thereof being commissioned by the authority of the
United States.
"Consideiingthe distribution of the mihtaiy forces of the
United States rcquned bythe circumstances of ourcountiy,
I iccomnrmd al^o to the consideration of Congress the ex-
pediency of providing for the, appointment of an additional
number ot general officers, and of deputies in the adjutant's,
j quartermaster's, inspector's, and paymasters departments of
I th° aimy, and for the employment, in citccs of emergency,
| of additional engineers. JAMES MADISON.
; "June 30,1812."
j Mr. HARALSON (resuming) referred to other
j difficulties in carrying out the second section of the
| supplemental bill. In the first place, it was not
J known how long the commissions of the State offi-
1 cers would continue—how long they had been in
i existence. The President could not commission
(hem under that supplemental bill. They would
go out with different dates of commissions, and as
they expired, infinite confusion in regard to the
relative rank of the officers from the several States
would grow up, to the detriment,* and perhaps
even to the destroying the efficiency of the army.
Although he should be willing to trust many of
the militia officers, yet he was desirous that the
Government should have all the means necessary
to an efficient prosecution of the war; and then, if
they do not do it in a manner becoming the inter-
est and honor of the country, we would hold them
to a strict accountability. But it was ^indispensable
to accomplish this, that all necessary means and
facilities should be placed at their command. He
trusted action would be bad by the Hotise on the
subject, without further delay.
Mr. McCLERNAND said that be apprehended
that the bill bad been sufficiently debated to enable
the House to arrive at a proper understanding of
its merits., It appeared to be drafted in exact con-
formity with the law of 1812, for a similar/purpose*
That law..had resulted $oni the suggestions of ex-
perience; this has also. So far as the Constitution
-may be involved, we have the sanction of an ap-
proving* precedent. The President is charged with
the prosecution of the war, and we should place in
his possession the means of prosecuting it vigor-
ouslyand successfully; and he would be responsi-
ble for the event. The exigency of the occasion
requirearaction rather than words. Mr.McC. there-
fore moved the previous question.
The question being taken, the vote stood—ayesr
88, noes 53.
So there was a second.
And the main question was ordered to be now
taken.
Which main question wras first on the amend-
ment of Mr. Cocke, and then on ordering the bill
to a third reading.
Mr. COCPCE asked the, yeas and nays thereon,,
which were ordered, and, being taken, resulted a$
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Arnold, Ashman, Barringer, Bell,
Blanchard, John H. Campbell, Carroll, Cocke, Cranston?
Crozier, Culver .j Darragh, Inxon, Dockery, Edwin H. Ewfng,
Faran, Garvin, Gentry, Graham, Grider, Gruineil, Hampton,.
Harper, Henley, Hilhard, John W. Houston, Samuel D.
Hubbard, Hudson, Washington Hunt, Andrew Johnson,
George W. Jones, Kennedy, Leib, Long, Jos. J. McDowell,
McGaughey, McHenry, Mellyaine, Miller, Mos^ley, Pollock,
itamsev, Julius Rockwell, John A. RoekweH, Root, Rank,
Schenck, Simpson, Truman Smith, Albert Smith, Caleb B.
Smith, Stephens, Strohm, Thomasson, Tilden, Toomb®,
Tnunbo, White, Woodruff, and Young—61.
NAYS—Messrs. John QU Adams, Anderson, Atkinson,
Bediuger, Biggs, J. Black, James A. Black, Bowlin, Boyd,
Brinkojhoff, Broekenbrough, Brodbead, William G. Brown,
Bmt, Cathcart, Reuben Chapman, Chase, Chipman. Cobb,
Collin, Ctillom, Daniel, De Mott, DSlhngham, Dobbin,
Douglass, Dunlap, EdsaH, Ellsworth, Erdman, Giles, Good-
year, Gordon, Grover, Ilamlm, Haralson, Isaac E. Holmes,
-Hopkins, Hough, George Sv Houston, Edmund W. Hubard,
Hungerford, James B. Hunt, Charles J. Ingersollj Jenkins,
James H. Johnson, Joseph Johnson, Seaborn Jones, Kauf-
man, Preston King, Lawrence, Ligon, Lumpkin, -Maclay,
McClean, McClelland, MeCJernand, McConneil, McCrate,
John P. Martin, Barkley MFarfin, Morse, Moulton, Norris,
Owen, Parrish, Rathbun, Keid, Ritter, Roberts, Sawtelle,
Sawyer, Scammon, Seddon, Alexander D. Srms, Robert
Smith, Stanton, Starkweather, St. John, Strong, James
Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Tibbatts,Tredway, Wheaton,
Williams, Yancey, and Yost—88.
So the amendment was rejected,
Thebill was then ordered to a third reading now,
and having been read a third time, was passed. "
THE TARIFF.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Cobb, of Georgia, in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the bill to reduce
the duties on imports, and for other purposes.
Mr. CHASE was entitled to the floor, and ad-
dressed the committee during the hour.
He took ground against the protective policy,
and went into a statistical illustration to snow its
effect upon agriculture. He reviewed the argu-
ments of those who favor the protective policy ad-
vanced at different' time. [This speech will appear
in the Appendix.]
Mr. GORDON followed. He did not know (he
said) that he should have taken the floor at this
time precisely, but for the closing remarks of the-
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Ciiase.]
I (continued Mr. £*.) voted for the tariff of 1842,
with its objections, without the crossing of a t or
the dotting of an i I did so as a choice of evils—
between the state of things as it then existed, and
in all probability would have continued tO' exist
under the last reduction of the Compromise act,
| and the tariff bill of 1842. I professed to be then
as I am now, a revenue tariff man. Still I voted
for the act of 1843 from necessity—a necessity
which amounted almost to compulsion. I cannot
laud that compromise as many gentlemen on
this floor are wont to do. I cannot speak in its
praise as others have done. I believe it was
the mother of the act of 1842, or rather, it
was the father and the mother of that which is
called the bill of abominations. The Compro-
mise act contained in itself and recognise^ the'
principle of protection. Under the last reduction,
