1034
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 26,
but the fine wool that was exported. A glance at
the tables will also show that we imported of wool-
len cloths and. yarn and woollen manufactures al-
most as much as of the raw material. And yet
we exported no domestic woollen cloths; at all
events, none according to the tables. The amount,
if any, was so small that it is not noticed by the
revenue officers or by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury; it is not in the report. We then import into
this country of wool and woollen manufactures
nearly as much wool as we produce, if the census
of 1810 is any criterion by which to judge of the
product. The-clip of 1840 was from thirty to
thirty-five millions of pounds. I do not know
that we import as much as we produce; but we
import a vast amount of this foreign wool, fine
and coarse—the fine in the form of cloths and
manufactured, articles, whilst the wool is of a
cheaper kind. I mention these facts to show the
objection to the act of 1842 in this particular—
one of the great reasons why the act should be
changed.
What wool do we export? We have begun to
export a little. In the year 1843, the amount ex-
ported was 65 bales from the port of New York;
in 1844, 106 bales; in 1845, 3,011 bales. About
half the exports of 1845 were made by one house
in New York. These exports are not all domes-
tic, but iu part foreign wool. 1 mention this to
show that we are importing wooi largely, and to a
great extent consuming the foreign article. The
tables do not show the exports of domestic wool.
What, in fact, wc have is derived from the news-
papers. The amount which wc export is very
small.
Now, by the tariff of 1842, this wool which we
import paid a duty of only five per cent. And I
ask that the injustice done to the wool-growers
should be in some sort remedied by the act of 1846,
if such an act we are to have. The bill reported
from the Committee of Ways and Means imposes
a duty of 30 per cent, ad valorem on manufactures
of wool; whilst it imposes a duty of only 25 per
ccnt. ad valorem, according; to the foreign, not the
home valuation, on unmanufactured wool. Why
this difference between the manufactured and the raw
material > An honorable member—a free trader,
too—informed me that the object was to protect
the laborers and operatives of the factories, to en-
able them to compete with the pauper labor of
Europe. Here is discrimination. Why not, then,
discriminate in favor of the farmers who produce
the wool; and, if there is to be any difference, give
the five per cent, the other way? Is not the field
laborer entitled to consideration as well as the fac-
tory hand ?
But this is all deceptive. The operative in the
factory gets no more benefit from this five per cent,
oil the manufactured article than he gets from the
wool, costing seven cents per pound and under,
imported under the tariff of J842. The whole goes
into the pocket, not of the opeiative, butof the man-
ufacturer. Why was not the same amount of duty
imposed on all wools? The object was to give
more protection to the manufacturers. His mate-
rial comes in duty free—or, at the most, with a
nominal duty. It all goes to make up the sum of
his profit* to the disadvantage of the agricultural
portion of the community. What I want is this:
[ want to see a duty of thirty per cent, ml valorem
on the home valuation, imposed on all wool. You
impose twenty-five per cent, ad valorem foreign
valuation; and what does that amount to on a
pound of wool costing seven cents per pound in
Brazil, or wherever else it may be produced? I
behove it is about a cent and three-quarters per
pound. Here, then, is wool costing the manufac-
turer in the port of New York eight and thiee-
quartcrs cents per pound, running up there to
twenty and twenty-five cents per pound. Here
is the difference between the home and foreign val-
uation. The duty then is, at best, nominal. We
consume wool largely. It will bear the highest
rate of revenue duty, and yet the quantity of the
importation cannot be checked. You may put a
duty of forty per ccnt. ad valorem, home valuation,
on this foreign wool, and it will then cost the man-
ufacturers but about ten cents per pound. I want
a revenue tariff. We want about all the revenue
we can raise upon foreign imports. Here is an
article—imported to a very great amount—worthy
the consideration of statesmen and financiers. Put,
then, the highest rate of revenue duty which you
can upon the raw material of wool, and you will
neither check the importation, nor even sanction
the principle of protection. Yet you may proba-
bly make some sort of return to the agriculturists
of the United States, who are engaged in the cul-
ture of that article.
The amount of the importation, of foreign wool
is increasing rapidly. In 1844 it was eleven and a
half millions; in 1845, over twenty-three millions*.
And this wool, costing seven cents per pound in
South America, or wherevqr it is procured, is used
and worked up in the woollen factories, from Bos-
ton to Buffalo, taking Vermont in the route.
Mr. HUDSON here remarked, that it was man-
ufactured into carpcts and negro blankets.
Mr. GORDON. It is in part; but a large part
of it is manufactured into broadcloths, cassimeres,
and all sorts of fixiris, that the Yankees know how
to make.
I have the authority of a free-trade paper for
saying, that this vast increase in the importation
of foreign wool, thus used in our factories, is the
cause of the decrease in the price of wool. And
it must be so. Between twenty-three and twenty-
four millions of pounds imported in a single year
into a country that does not produce more than
forty millions! Here is more than one-half the
amount produced in the country added to its stock;
of course, the price must be affected. Under the
tariff of 1842, the manufacturers had this—to
them—free trade. Five per cent, on wool costing
seven cents a pound, was a very small duty; it
was scarcely felt in the price, and should be class-
ed with the free list, for the benefit of the manu-
facturers, and should not stand under the cover of
wool costing over seven cents, paying a duty of
30 per cent, ad valorem, and three cents per pound.
This cheap wool was claimed to be coarse Smyrna
wool, not like the product of our own country.
This is platform enough for me to stand upon
in asking for a change. But I do not want to leap
out of the frying-pan into the fire. I want such a
bill as will impose a reasonable, honest, and fair
duty on foreign wool: a revenue duty; the highest
rate of revenue duty, too, if we can get it. Our
expenses, independent of the war, are large; and we
are now engaged in a southern war. What the
expense will ultimately amount to, no man can
foretell. And southern gentlemen should not be
very squeamish on this subject. I do not ask them
to go beyond the revenue point, but to come square
up to it; because this war is waged in the South—
it is waged for the defence of southern territory.
It is a war on the southern border—repelling ag-
gression upon southern territory. The majority
of the troops will be from the South. All the
money will be expended m the South. Yet we
of the North will cheerfully submit to the neces-
sary amount of taxation, under a revenue standard,
to defray the expenses of the war; and I trust that
the South will impose a sufficient and adequate
revenue duty on this and other articles to meet all
these expenses manfully and patriotically.
It is suggested to me, that wool costs more than
seven cents a pound in foreign countries, and that
it is entered at that rate fraudulently. And it is
said that the bill under consideration makes pro-
vision for detecting and punishing these frauds.
I am not going to make this wholesale charge of
fraud upon importers. The act of 1842 provides
guards against these frauds, and undertook to pun-
ish them. The result under both laws will be the
same. I have no doubt, next year, if trade and
manufactures continue to prosper as they have
done for the year past, that this foreign importa-
tion of wool will increase, and not diminish. The
manufacturers are cultivating it in the vast plains
of South America. 1 ask, then, a fair amount of
duty for this interest, in which my own constitu-
ents and the people of the middle and western
States ave concerned. One of my colleagues sug-
gested the other day, that if you impose a duty on
wool, it would be produced on the prairies of the
West. Let it be so. The people of that section
are my fellow-citizens; they will supply the Amer-
ican market, and, 1 hope, export the article to for-
eign countries. It makes-no difference with me.
I ask, then, for this interest—for this staple pro-
duction—a fair, a high revenue duty—one that
shall at least mete out even-handed justice to the
wool-grower. If there is any benefit to be derived,
of any sort, under a revenue tariff, I desire that
the agriculturists of the country shall at least have
a fair share. And when the proper time comes, I
shall offer an amendment, (unless the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means shall do so.)
to place the article of wool on a fair footing—sucn
as will "be satisfactory to myself, and I hope to my
constituents.
One word in relation to the speech of the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Owen.] I must differ
in opinidn with him as to one of the consequences
of a protective tariff-law. The gentleman seemed ,
to think that, but for the Compromise act of 1833,
this Union was in danger of dissolution. That
idea and sentiment he boldly and prominently put
forth. The gentleman never labored under a greater
mistake than when he conceived that idea, and
never' committed a greater, blunder than when he
uttered it. There is no such thing ^s breaking up
this Union by nullification.. There was danger to
certain individuals engaged in that controversy,
arising out of the extent to which they carried it.
And the Compromise, instead of saving die Union,
saved these individuals, and settled forever the
question of nullification in this country. Nulli-
fication will never again, in the North or in the
South, in the East or in.the West, rear its hydra
head to breed disturbance, confusion, and rebel-
lion, in these harmonious States. I beg the gen-
tleman to revise his opinion, and to have more con-
fidence in the power and patriotism of the people
all over the land—on this and on the other side of
the mountains, too—even in Oregon.
Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL said:
Mr. Chairman: Although it may be well said
on this subject that" the fieldof argument ha^ been
trodden to a waste," my views of duty to my con-
stituents and to myself, constrain me to enter as
one of the laborers in this harvest.
Before entering on this discussion, it maybe
well for a moment to take an observation, to exam-
ine the present situation of the country, and its con-
dition^ the time of the passage of the tariff of 1842.
It is a well-known fact, that at that time the labor
of the country in all its departments was depressed
in price, and all forms of business were unprofit-
able; the labor of the farmer, the mechanic in the
workshop, and the operative in the factory had de-
clined and was declining. Those engaged in the
more extensive branches of manufacture had for a
year or two previous not only made no profits, but
had lost money in the business. Some factories
had closed their doors, and matiy, many more
\^ere only waiting the action of Congress in rela-
tion to the passage of the tariff of that year to de-
termine whether, on" the one hand, to proceed at
existing rates of labor, oreither to.close their mills,
or so to reduce the price of labor as to give a re-
munerating profit.
With this state of things, contrast the condition
of the country at the commcnccment of the present
session of Congress. The whole country, in every
branch and department of business, was never more
prosperous. The farmer, the planter, the mechanic,
the manufacturer, the merchant, the capitalist, and
the laborer, were all in a most prosperous condi-
tion.
I am aware, sir, that those who are opposed to
the tariff of 1842, and all protective tariffs, claim
that this prosperity has arisen in spite of the system,
and not by reason of it. It would seem to be a
somewhat difficult matter, however, to show that
a system of legislation, confessedly so important
and influential, either for good or evil, whieh ac-
companied this sudden and beneficial change, had
jio influence in producing the change, but, on the
contrary, was fraught with those enormous evils
to the country which are claimed by the opponents
of the system.
But whatever may be the abstract opinions of
men on this question, there surely is great wisdom,
in managing the affairs of a great nation, in adopt-
ing the homely adage 45 to let well enough alone;"
and when a country is in the highest state of pros-
perity, not to undertake to tamper with its system
of revenue and finances, and to seek a radical
change in the policy of the Government.
Men of the most enlarged views, or statesmen
of the most ample experience and information,
would approach such a question cautiously, and if
they effected any changes, would make these
changes by degrees. Such men, with die modeky
of true wisdom, would doubt the results of their
own reasoning when opposed to the light of expe-
rience and facts.
But such is not the course now pursued by the
men in power in this country. A radical and total
change of system and policy is proposed, and by
