1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1035
those who most surely hare not, in other matters,
shown themselves to be the wisest of men, the most
experienced of men, or the most practical and
sound of politicians. -
If these changes are to be made, it becomes those
who propose to make them to give some very good
reasons—not such as may suit a demagogue or a
partisan—not the pitiful carping at some trifling
details of the system—hut such enlarged and states-
manlike views, based upon experience, practical
m their operation, addressed to men of sense and
sound wisdom, and such as would influence such
men m the management of their own affairs. -
But the committee have not deigned to give us
any report giving the « strong reasons" which
have influenced them in the upheaving and over-
turning operation which they recommend. And
the venerable -chairman of the committee was too
indisposed to explain the bill, or inform us of the
enormous mischiefs which required such severe
remedies; although I was very glad to see that he
so fa^ recovered as to take part in the subsequent
proceedings of the House on the same day. This
important and uneoveted duty was assigned to the
honorable gentleman from Georgia, who deemed
it important for him to devote a portion of his hour
to answering the speech of his colleague on the
subject of the Mexican war. With regard to the
residue of the speech, being a sudden effort of one
unexpectedly called on to supply the place of the
sick chairman, it would be unfair to criticise it.
But there is a document which has been prepared
with very great labor. The Secretary of the
Treasury has shut himself up in his office, "sent
lorth his circulars, prepared his tables, called
around him a retinue of petty custom-house offi-
cers, and sent forth a document, which has re-
ceived the applause of a British House of Lords,
and been printed for the admiration and instruction
of the British law-givers. With regard to this
most extraordinary document, it may be said, as
on another occasion, some things are true, and
some are new;- but the things wliich are new are
not true, and the. things which are true are not new.
It is a compound of errors and truisms; of ridicu-
lous misstatements, and puerile and unworthy ap-
peals to popular prejudices, with no one of the
masterly features which should characterize the
productions of a wise and accomplished statesman.
It is not my purpose, nor have I the time to ex-
pose the errors of detail in this bill, or in tho report
of the Secretary; but to discuss tho principles upon
which it is founded, and the prominent facts and
arguments of that report, and in opposition to the
assumptions and bold declarations of the Secretary,
to show—
1. That the pursuits which have been chiefly en-
couraged have been mechanical rather than manu-
facturing; and that the extensive manufacturino-
establishments of cotton and woollen goods con"
stitute but a comparatively small part'in the ag-
gregate amount of the articles protected.
2. That the capitalists of the country who have
embarked in manufacturing have not been, as a
class, benefited by the protective policy; and by
being induced thereby to embark their capital in
manufacturing business, that the profits have not
been as large as stated in the Secretary's report,
and not equal to the lowest legal rate of interest in
the country.
3. That the labor of the country has been greatly
benefited, and the wages of labor have been in-
creased, at the same time that the expenses of sub-
sistence have been diminished.
4. That the agricultural classes of the country
are deeply interested in the continuance of the sys-
tem of protection, and the new States of the West
as much so, at least, as any other section of the
Union.
5. That the public at large have been mainly
benefited by the protective policy; and that the
beneficial results have been to the whole, country,
rather than to any particular class, and national
rather than sectional.
And if my time does not fail me, I propose to
add some other considerations, growing out of and
suggested by the subjeet.
A prejudice has been sought to be raised against
this system, by representing it as designed for little
more than to protect the large manufacturing estab-
lishments of cotton and woollen goods; and the
whole spirit of the report of the Secretary seems
to proceed on this assumption, and to favor this
prejudice; but the facts are not so. Every collec-
Uon. the statistics of the country, or of any
portion of them, show that although these two
branches of business are highly important, the
aggregate of the productions of the various forms
of mechanical labor are far more so. By the last
census, it appears that the aggregate capital in-
vested in manufactures in the country of all kinds
was $267,736,579. And of this amount the sum
invested m cotton and woollen manufactures was
$66,867,483; and this statement does not show the
various forms of mechanical labor in the aggregate
of large amount, nor does it give the due proportion
to the comparative value of the articles made by
mechanics when the capital is very small, and the
production of great value. The manufactures of
leather, principally boots and shoes, are more than
double in value the manufactures of woollen goods
in the country, as shown by the census. Similar
facts are shown by the tables compiled from a
very careful and minute official examination in
the State of Massachusetts last year. It is well
known that in this State, more than in any other,
these two branches of manufacture prevail, and
yet in this State these facts appear:
The annual products of the labor of Massachu-
setts, per year, ending April 1,1845, $114,478,443.
or which, invested in manufactures $91,968,672
Woollen am] worsted good* 
-21,725,493
In manufactures other than cotton and
„    
Boots and shoes $14,799,140
And it is not only in the much greater aggregate
amount of oilier manufactures and other products
of mechanical labor, but in the much higher protcc-
tion^which is furnished to other articles, that injus-
tice is done in the public mind to a particular sec-
tion of country, and particular branches of manu-
factures. I need but advert to the duties by the
tariff of 1842 on sugar, iron, salt, coal, hats, boots,
and shoes &c., to sustain what I have said; and
this should lie taken in connexion with the fact
that, although the duty on a certain class of the
manufactures of cotton is apparently high, that or
any other duty would lie nearly, if not entirely, in-
operative, as we manufacture our coarse cottons as
cheaply as in any other part of the world, and most
successfully compete in foreign markelswith Great
Britain herself.
It is undoubtedly true that the thousand and one
forms of mechanical labor are this day more de-
pendent upon the continuance of the protective
policy than the cotton and woollen mills, and any
other section of the country is at least as much in-
terested as New England.
2. The next point to which I wish to call the at-
tention of tho committee is, that tho capitalists of
tho country who have embarked in manufacturing
hove not. been, as a class, benefited by the protect-
ive policy, by being induced thereby to embark
their capital in that business; and that the profits
have not only not been as large as those stated
in the Secretary's report, but have not been equal
to the lowest le^al rate of interest in the country.
I am aware that this statement will strike some
persons with surprise, but it will be only those who
are ignorant of the subjcct. All who have been
conversant with the manufactures of cotton and
wool in New England, from the year 1816 to the
present time, will testify to the correctness of what
I say, and that this statement is far within the
truth. There have been occasional periods of pros-
perity when considerable profits have been realized,
as during the last two years; but with these ex-
ceptions, the history of these mills has been in the
main one of disaster. It is well known that the
State which I represent in part is very extensively
engaged in the manufacture of cotton and woollen
goods, and my own district embraces more than
three-fourths of the cotton and woollen manufac-
ture of Connecticut. I am conversant to a con-
siderable extent with the results which have at-
tended the individuals and associations embarking
in these branches of business,,and state, with the
most entire confidence, that from the year 1816 to
the present time, these branches of business have
not yielded an annual average profit of three per
cent, on the capital invested.
I have, however, been unwilling to rely upon my
own testimony on this subject, but have obtain-
ed that of others whose information was more ac-
curate and precise than my own. I hold in my
hand a long communication from the man who
knows more of the early history and progress of
the cotton manufacture of P\ew England than any
man now living—one who, when a boy, worked
m the first mill erected by Samuel Slater, the father
of the cotton manufacture in this country, at sixty-
seven cents per week, and has continued in the
manufacturing business to the present time—I mean
Smith Wilkinson, of Pomfret, in the State of Con-
necticut—a man not only of proverbial honesty
and intelligence, but of the most precise accuracy.
He gives in this communication the history of
thirty-seven cotton factories within his own know-
ledge in the county of Windham, the one of the-
two counties in my district most largely engaged
in the manufacture of cotton. Of these the owners
of sixteen have not failed; and of them Mr. Wil-
kinson says, they " were men of wealth and ability
and experience, who could live whether the busi-
ness paid a profit of six per cent., of five per cent. 
or two, or even one per cent, and managed their
business so snug and independently as to hold on
their course." And I will add, that Mr. Wilkin-
son himself is one of the most prominent of this
number. But of the other twenty-one establish-
ments, which he describes in detail, the history is
one of disaster and ruin to those embarked in the
business. All of them failed once, and some two,
three, and even four times, and the property pass-
ed into other hands. There would be occasionally
years of prosperity; but, in part, by the competi-
tion of those wishing to share the profits, of which
exaggerated accounts had been given—in part by
the unstable legislation of the Government, and in
part from the fact that the business was a new one
and experience proved a hard teacher, and the
constant introduction of new machinery—from
those and similar causes the years of prosperity
were succeeded by years of loss and consequent
failures.
! I have in my hand a similar account from a gen-
tleman well acquainted with the factories in the
other county in my district, (Mr. Roger Hunt-
ington,) showing even greater losses than those
stated above. With regard to most of these I am
well acquainted with their history, and can testify
to the correctness of the statements of Mr. Hunt-
ington. He estimates the average annual profit of
these establishments, from their commencement to
the present time, at not exceeding three per cent.,
and I am persuaded that the estimate is quite suffi-
ciently high. In my own town, where there is a
million and a half, at least, of goods of various
kinds annually manufactured, there is not, with
one exception, a single establishment which has
not failed once, sunk their entire,capital, and pass-
ed into other hands, and in some instances repeated
failures. The exception is that of two persons who
hire a mill belonging to others. Some, years since,
the honorable Mr. Whipple, of Providence, Rhode
Island, made similar inquiries in relation to the
cotton manufactures of that State, and the result of
his inquiries was, that the average annual profit
had not exceeded three per cent, on the capital. 1
state, then, with entire confidence, that the estimate
of six per cent., as the average annual profit of the
cotton and woollen manufactureisofNew England,
or of the country, from the year 1816 to this" time,
is a very high estimate, and, as I verily believe,
more than double what it should be.
Tf the inquiry is made why men should embark
in so unprofitable a business, the answer is very
obvious: that they supposed it would prove profit-
able. An occasional prosperous year induced num-
bers to rush into the business, and the result is a
disappointment of their high-raised expectations.
But is it asked why protection is desired by the
manufacturers, when the result of its having been
given has been as I have stated > It is not desired
by them in order to persuade others to embark in
the business, and build more mills, and fill them
with more machinery; but that those who have
embarked in the business; whose expenditure for
buildings and machinery is already made, may
have that protection which they consider import-
ant for their interest.
11 is no favor, then, to capitalists, now or at any
time, by the encouragement of discriminating- du-
ties, to induce him to invest his capital in any
branch of manufactures. The tariff of 1842 pro-
tects incidentally railroad iron. I believe this to
be beneficial to the proprietors of the mines, to the
owners of the soil where the manufacture is estab-
lished, to the farmers, the laborers, to the whole
country, as developing our resources, and making
