1086
THE CONGRESSIONAL'GLOBE.
June 26,
us independent of foreign manufactures; but I do
not think any benefit is conferred on the capital-
ists who embark their wealth in this new branch
of business; but that it will prove, like all other
new enterprises, either unprofitable or less profit-
able than the investment of the money at six per
cent, on mortgage security.
I have spoken more at length on this point, be-
cause the outcry is often made against the capital-
ists engaged m the manufacturing business, and
the Secretary of the Treasury joins in and encour-
ages the idle clamor. It is certainly true, that for
two years the profit of the cotton manufacturers
has been large, but not as large as m Great Brit-
ain itself, during the same time; and the result has
been,what it always will be, that a large number
of persons are now rushing into the husiness, and
before this Congress shall cease to exist—if there
could be any security that the tariff would be un-
disturbed—the number of cotton spindles in opera-
tion would be iifty per cent, more than there were
a year since. Does not everybody know that,
with the enterprise, and skill, and energy of the
people of this country, no one branch of business
cun for any length of time exceed in profits the
average of the profits of other branches? Compe-
t'tion is sure to reduce prices and profits. The
result is an inevitable one; and, to contend the con-
trary, is to show the grossest ignorance not only
of the uniform operations of trade, but of the oper-
ations of the human mind, and of the motives
which govern it. How absurd, then, is it to con-
tend that the object and effect of protection is main-
ly to benefit capitalists, or that such has been the
result in the protection to manufacturing and me-
chanical labor incidentally afforded.
3. And this brings me to the consideration of
another part of this subject—that the laboring
classes in the country have been greatly benefited,
and the wages of labor have thereby increased, at
the same time that the expenses of subsistence
have been diminished. Every one would know
beforehand that this must be the result. If by a
protective tariff, or any other cause, increased activ-
lty is given to manufacturing or mechanical busi-
ness, and there is consequently an increased demand
for laborers, does not every child know that such
increased demand has a direct tendency to enhance
the price of wages; and, on the contrary, if by the
reduction of the tariff, or any other cause, the busi-
ness is rendered unprofitable, that the employer
must, as a matter of course, close his mill or'his
workshop, or reduce the price paid to the persons
employed ? But the reckless assertion of the con-
trary by the Secretary is not only unsound in prin-
ciple, but untrue in fact. Itis not true that the wages
of male or female labor have diminished in conse-
qucnec of the protective system, but precisely the
contrary is true. I have a statement from Mr. Wil-
kinson, showing the prices paid by him, ns taken
from Ins own books atditferent periods, and the wa-
jjes of labor of men are higher, and of women much
higher, nowthan before the introduction of the man-
ufacturing business. What the effect would other-
wise have been of the opening of the fertile West
upon the prices of the productions of the farmers in
the old States, and consequently the wages of labor,
any one can form his own opinion. And it is one
<if the most surprising and beneficial results of the
introduction of manufactures, that a market has i
been afforded in the neighborhood of the factories 1
for the products of the farmer, and the price has ,
remained very nearly the same for the last forty j
years. On the other hand, every article of cloth-
ing has declined in price, so that the dollar which
is now paid to the laborer will purchase from thirty !
to fifty per cent, more of all the necessaries of lite !
than in 1816, and of the ordinary cotton cloth and ;
calicoes, more than three times as much. j
These facts are well known to persons residing ,
in the manufacturing section of the country, and I
am sustained by foreigners, and all others who ij
know anything on the subject, m saying that there I'
is not on the face of the globe a class of laborers so , I
well paid, or who, from their high moral character, j!
education, intelligence, and industry, d psftrvc to be j j
so well paid, as tho.se engaged in the various i|
branches of labor in this country. There arc no j[
paupers among them; they are, as a class, unusu- ,l
ally free from all forms of vice; and although those ji
ercg<*ghig in the manufacturing business, as I have j]
ahown, as capitalists, have not received a remu-ii
nerating profit, yet the monthly and quarterly wa- ji
ges have been regularly paid, and in most cases ||
when the employers fail the employed do not lose
any porlion of their wages. You thus see a thri-
ving, industrious, happy population. The accu-
mulations of labor in the factory are, in the first
place, deposited in a savings bank, which are now
everywhere to be found. In the course of a few
years the sum has so_ far accumulated that it is
withdrawn to redeem the mortgage of the paternal
acres, or to buy a small farm, or a workshop, or to
purchase some of the stock in the company for
which the man or woman is a laborer, and thus in
their turn become capitalists. This is not an im-
aginary picture, ,but these very things are daily
occurring and perfectly familiar to any one residing
in a manufacturing region.
The following statement shows the amount of
the deposites in the savings banks of Massachu-
setts, and the income from year to year:
No. of de-- Amt. deposited. Increase in Increase in
positors. 1 depositors, amount
deposited.
1841, 30,833 $6,485,451 83
18-fi, 41,102 , 6.075,878 05 ' 1,270 #190,453 23
1845, 54,236 0,214,964 07 13,154 $9,539,076 03
Similar has been the result in my own State,
with the operatives of which I am familiar, al-
though I have not in possession the precise amount
of deposites or number of depositors.
If it is said, as it is, that the wages of labor have
diminished since the tariff of 1842, I deny the fact.
I know, personally, from the manufacturing re-
gion from which I come, that it is not true. The
same testimony is also furnished from Lowell, and
the same facts exist in every part of the country.
Why, sir, there is not a girl in one of those
mills, who would be guilty of such folly as to
suppose for a moment that "when the demand for
laborers is increased, the price of labor will be
thereby diminished, or will not be, on the con-
trary, increased also. Some of these political
philosophers, these closet politicians, these wise
custom-house officers, and learned Secretaries,
could learn some very useful lessons in political
economy and common sense, too, from the women
and children in a cotton mill.
I beg to ask these men, after deducting the very
moderate profit which has been received by the
capitalists, who have received the enormous sums
which have been expended in the erection of mills
and machinery, and the annual prosecution of the
work? It is found in the various forms of labor—
the brickmaker and bricklayer, the carpenter, the
lime-burner, the nail-maker, the painter, the glass-
blower, the stone-mason, the common laborer, the
farmer who raises the food to feed these men, are
first employed; and these, together with the makers
of machinery, the builders of the dam and water-
wheel, or steam engine, receive what is called the
capital paid in and permanently invested; and the
laborers in the mills, and the" grower of the raw
material, the transporter and other intermediate
laborers, receive as their pay the sum received from
the sale of the goods after deducting a profit, if
there is one, to the capitalist. If there is no profit,
they receive the whole. If the business is a losing
one, they receive the whole, and are paid some-
thing in addition.
Such is the obvious connexion of the employer
and the employed, and such the benefit to the la-
boring poition of the community of the protective
policy of this country. The connexion is a natural
and a beneficial one to all concerned; and yet some
reckless demagogues—men of ignoble minds, and
of loose character-—have proclaimed the piratical
doctrine that there is a natural hostility between
the poor and the rich, between the employer and
the employed. These worthless men would-make
every man an Ishniael, with his hand against every
man, and every man's hand against him. It was
said by Macaulay, in speaking of Lord Byron,
that he belonged to that class of moralists who
seemed to recognise a new commandment—"Thou
shalt hate thy neighbor, and love thy neighbor's
wife." I know not that these people will adopt
the latter clause of this commandment, but they do
the first; and, in addition, utterly throw away and
despise the law of love, of mutual kindness, and
of cordial, neighborly regard, which speaks forth
in the writings of Him " who spake as never man
spake."
I am tempted, Mr. Chairman, at the risk of
being thought tedious, to illustrate, by a single
instance, what I have said above.
In the town which I rejoice to call my home,
some fourteen years sinee a- company was formed
for the purpose of bringing to use the waters-of a
large river, the Shebecket, the confluence of which
with the Tautic, some two miles below, forms the
-Thames. The object of the company was not
themselves to ehg&ge in the manufacturing busi-
ness, but to purchase the land; erect the dam, ex-
cavate the canal, and to sell out to manufacturers
the privilege of using different portions of the power
with the necessary land for the erection of the mills
and the dwelling houses for the purchaser. This
object was accomplished; various privileges were
purchased, and mills erected. The principal estab-
lishments were a cotton factory of moderate size,
erected by the water-power company, and leased '
to two prudent men from Rhode Island; a large cot-
ton factory, belonging to a company with an actual
cash capital of #400,000—owning, however, other
establishments in different parts of the same town;
a very extensive paper mill, and a woollen factory.
The result is briefly told; the persons having the
mill have done a successful business; all the others
failed, and sunk every dollar of the large capital
invested; and the water-power company during the
same time have not received an average dividend of
three per cent, per annum. These factories were
sold at a low price, and are now all doing a profita-
ble business. Such were the results-to the capital-
ists during this time. What has been the result to
the laborers? A village now exists, where there
was not then a single inhabitant, of 1,800 persons,
and is strictly and exclusively a manufacturing vil-
lage. The persons engaged in the mills have been
well paid, and erected neat and comfortable dwel-
lings. Churches have been built. The common
district schools of the village are declared by the
late Secretary of the Commissioners of Common
Schools, Mr. Barnard, a man of great ability and
worth, in his most valuable annual- report, of the
best in the State. But he would never have said so,
if the children there taught had been guilty of the
gross mistakes of the Secretary of the Treasury.
From the infancy of the village to the present time,
there has been no place in its limits where wines or
spirituous liquors could be purchased. And during
the same period, although the annual expense to
the town for supporting the poor out'of the alms-
house is considerable—between one and two thou-
sand dollars—the whole expenditureon this village,
embracing now a fifth-part of the inhabitants of the
town, has been the sum of ten dollars during the
whole time. And during the same period of time,
the Savings Bank of Norwich, with its hundreds of"
thousands of dollars, deposited from time to time,
with its long lists of small deposites, bears witness
to the thrift and prosperity of the operatives in
these factories.
This, I am aware, is but a solitary instance; but
the same facts are, in the main, true of the whole
of New England, and wherever else manufacturing
is established. That men who reside on the bor-
ders of the Santee or Pedee might have wrong no-
tions on this branch of the subject is not surprising,
but that any man who has ever known anything
accurately by observation or reading in relation to
the manufactures of the country, should seriously
advance the dogma that the protective policy was
for the benefit of capital, at the expense of labor,
is most surprising, and shows a mental or moral
obliquity most extraordinary.
But, it is said, the poor laborer is enormously
taxed for the necessaries of life—especially his
clothing—and thereby grievously oppressed. I do
not know a laborer, sir, who would not laugh in
the face of any man who should address him with
such language. He might be mistaken; but he
would consider any such person either'very fool-
ish, or not very honest. The truth is, the fact is
not so. There is no country in the world where
the laboring classes can be clad as cheaply and as
well as in this country. I make the declaration
understandingly, and the most rigid scrutiny will
sustain the correctness of it. It is not true that
the tariff of 1842 is oppressive upon the poor. The
duties are almost entirely raised from articles which
arc luxuries. So far as the duties are apparently
high upon the coarser cloths, they are entirety inop-
erative, because we can make such articles cheaper
than they can be made abroad, and a conclusive
proof of that is, that we undersell Great Britain
herself in China, South America, and India, until
a duty was imposed to protect English goods'. If
there is any exception to what I have said, it is
sugar, where the duty is" a heavy one; btit as tea
and coffee are free, itis not oppressive, art .fee
