1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1087
competition in the sugar culture, as in everything
else, will,soon reduce the price.
But, sir, I wish to inquire of those who would
pass this bill, and break up this system, what they
suppose the ejFect'would^be upon the labor of the
country? I can tell you, sir, without claiming the
gift of prophecy. Those branches of business
whfchare. not established will be prostrated, and
the laborers thrown out of employment; those en-
gaged in mechanical pursuits will be obliged to work
for the-small wages paid in foreign countries for
siniilar labor, or very nearly so., Is. it not entirely
apparent that shoes, hats, and other similar arti-
cles would be imported from abroad ? The freight
is vei'y small from Prance or England to New
York, less than miles by land in our own
country; and all forms of handicraft labor would
be immediately affected. Such pursuits have not
the benefit of machinery which equalizes to a great
extent the difference m the wages of labor; and
the mechanic would be, in the first instance, most
seriously affected. In relation to the cotton man-
ufacture, there is too much capital, and character,
and skill in the business to admit of its being pros-
trated. The only course for tiiem to pursue would
be the reduction in the prices of labor to such an
extent as to prevent a loss, and make a small profit.
This, if not the immediate, would be the necessary
and certain result. But those branches of business
which can avail themselves extensively of labor-
saving machinery, and are established, employ,
comparatively, but a small part of the labor of the
country engaged in mechanical employments—
probably not one-tenth part. As an illustration of
this, compare the number of laborers in Massa-
chusetts for the manufacture of the $12,193,449 of
cotton goods, with those employed m making
§14,799,140 of boots and shoes; in the one case
20,710, and in the other 45,877. What is to be-
come of the hundreds of thousands of these labor-
ers, and those dependant on them ? If you turn
them to the cultivation of the soil, does any man in
his senses suppose that when they cease to be
consumers of the products of the farmer, and be-
come themselves producers, that the wages of labor
on land will not be diminished with the diminish-
ed price of the agricultural products?
4. The next point to which 1 wish to call the
attention of the committee is, that the agricultural
classes of the country arc deeply interested in the
system of protection, and the new States of the
West as much, at least, as any other section of the,
country.
Of the benefit to the farmers in the vicinity of,
or in the midst of, a mechanical or manufacturing
population, no one can have the hardihood to dis-
pute. • Its benefits are shown in tho ready market,
without the cost of distant transportation, for the
infinite variety of articles which would otherwise
find no market at all, or at reduced prices, and at
a distance. These articles, individually small and
often unnoticed, in the aggregate constitute the
principal market of the farmer—such as wood,
grains of some kinds, hay, fresh meats, poultry,
butter, cheese, fruits, vegetables, and similar arti-
cles of daily household consumption. The statis-
tics collected by the census, and in the several
States, show that these and similar articles are, in
the aggregate, of very large amount; and these aic
supplied by farmers in the vicinity of a manufac-
turing population. 1 he result has been an enhance-
ment in the value of land, a comfortable living to
the farmer, and an ability to pay fair wages to farm
laborers. With all farmers thus situated, the, mat-
ter is perfectly understood, and few are bold enough
to deny it; otherwise, why is it that the land in
New England, New York, or Pennsylvania, is
hio-her in price, tenfold, than land of supeiior lei -
tility at the West, where manufactures are as yet
in their infancy? These States raise from the soil
but little which could be. exported to any foreign
°°But it is said that in the new States at the West
they have few manufactures, and the cultivators of
the soil have there no interest in common with the
mechanic or manufacturer. I deny it; and claim
that their interest in the permanent establishment
and continuance of the system is most decided and
manifest, and in a; variety of ways.
Time will not allow me, sir, to present, fully
' and at length, the importance to the grain-growing
States of the West of those engaged m mechanical
pursuits. Who have been the consume! s ofJ.he
western products?
Where have' they heretofore
found a market for their surplus products ? Has
it .been abroad ? The whole amount of agricultural
productions of this country exported during the
year, to all the nations of the globe, with the ex-
ception of rice, cotton, and tobacco, as shown by
the annual report of the Secretary of the Treasury
on commerce and navigation, was $16,000,000.
What has been the amount consumed at home ?
■There are of course no precise data by which you
can ascertain within a dollar or a million of dollars.
But, sir, any man can form some estimate from
well known and ascertained facts on this subject.
In Massachusetts, in the year ending April 1,
1845, there were 152,7(j6 hands employed in me-
chanical and manufacturing laboiv And as far as
can be gathered from the census of 1840, in the
whole country there were 791,749 persons so em-
ployed. And if to these you add the large num-
bers directly dependent upon them, and others in-
directly connected with them, engaged in tho trans-
portation, or the sale of their goods, and m other
ways withdrawn from agricultural labor, thereby
added to the list of consumers, some opinion may
be formed of the value of tins home market. It is
not confined to the wheat and corn of the West,
but there are annually imported into New England,
from the West, large quantities of salted provisions,
hams, lard, butter, and even hay, and numerous
smaller articles.
Compare the amount of tho agricultural produc-
tions, stock and horses, in this country with the
amount exported.
Take a few of the principal articles:
Oats 123,071,34] bushels.
Indian corn 377,531,875 do.
Potatoes 108,278,000 do.
Neat cattle 14,!)71,58G in number.
Sheep 19,311,374 do.
Swine 2l>, 301,293 do.
These are but a very few ot' a very large list.
The annual agricultural productions of the. country
are estimated at $1,000,000,000. If any one says
that this is too high an eslimate, although I dis-
agree, I will not eonteud with him. Suppose it to
be but half of this amount, and it is sulncient for
my argument. Aside from the three articles of
cotton, lice, and tobacco, some fifteen millions are
sold abroad. Who puielmwes the residue of the
surplus products? la it not purchased by those
engaged in other forms of labor ?
i have had occasion,in another debate, to allude
to a great variety of tacts, showing that, in this
country, and everywhere else, the home market is
tho great market—the home commerce is the most
valuable commerce of any country. 1 will not re-
peat what 1 said, except two general facts. The
one is, that the oats, and beans, and barley of Eng-
land aie equal in value to the entire exports of her
manufactures and produce to all the world; and
the other, that, m Franco, from recent official re-
turns, the internal industry of the kingdom is esti-
mated at 8,600,000,000 francs, and the exports m
1842, were 1,065,400,000 francs—less than one-
eighth of the productive industry of the country.
1 wish not to repeat the numerous statistical
facts which 1 brought forward on that occasion,
and I have not the time to enlarge on this subject;
but I beg to inquire of gentlemen what would be
thought of a British Secietary who should propose
to the British Parliament, for any reason whatever,
to break up the manufactures of that kingdom, and
should inform the farmers of that, country that it
would be just at well for them to send their sur-
plus productions where the manufactures were
sent—to Germany, or France, or Russia ? Would
not the reasoning addressed to farmers of the pre-
ference of a foreign market, be considered as ab-
surd as any proposition which should destroy the
manufactures of that kingdom?
But it is said that Sir Robert Peel has at last
succccdcd in opening the English ports to foreign
grain. And what then? If this furnishes any
market for ouf produce, I shall rejoice at it. The
policy, I have no doubt, was a wise one for Great
Britain to pursue, if she wished, as she does, to
foster her manufactures and to retain her ascen-
dancy as a manufacturing nation, everywhere
assailed on the continent of Europe. Her policy
always has been, on the grounds of public policy,
as well as of protection to her artisans, to admit
the raw material duty free. It'is on this principle
that she now admits, at low duties, necessary food,
one effect and object of which is to enable her to
manufacture at cheaper rates. Her manufactures
have been established by the protection of ages.
They have now the benefit of the utmost skill, of
cheap capital,.and cheap labor, and are not in dan-
ger of serious competition at home; but does any
man in his senses suppose that, if the taking off
of a duty would prostrate or seriously injure the
manufactures of England, she would take off that
duty?
For her own benefit, and for the interest of her
own manufacturers, Great Britain has taken off the
duty on breadstuffs; and if our farmers can derive
any incidental advantage from it, I shall rejoice at
it. But there can be no serious advantage from
the defeat of the corn-laws. The speech of my
friend from Massachusetts oh this question yet re-
mains unanswered. The aveiage amount of wheat
imported into Great Britain from abroad docs not
exceed 15,000,000 bushels; and if, when we had a
heavy discrimination in our favor through Canada,
we could not compete with the nations on the conti-
nent of Europe, who are heavily taxed, what
reason have we to suppose that wc can do so now'
Why, sir, at this precise moment, when it is
known that the corn-law is repealed, and there 1ms
been almost a famine ill the country, flour has fallen
fifty per cent, in its price at some points, and is
now lower than it has been for years. What an
instructive commentary does this furnish upon all
this fine-spun reasoning! Some of the followers
of Mr. Secretary Walker have ample means, and
I presume some few are business men. Why do
they not show us their honesty by buying tip this
cheap Hour, and selling it at a great profit in Eng-
land? No, sir; it is a great deal cheaper, and a
great deal safer, for a demagogue to rise—1 don't
mean here, sir, for we have none such here, of
course—but on the stump, and declare that it is alt
the work of the British Whigs, and the lords of
the. loom, and the bank barons.
But, sir, what is to prevent the West from em-
barking extensively in the manufacturing business?
It was said by one of the wisest of British states-
men, that all that England wanted for her manu-
facturers was cheap iron, cheap fuel, and cheap
wool. All this the West has, and, in addition,
cheap food and cheap land; and if the system of
protection is established, there is nothing to pie-
\ent the West and the South fiom embarking in
manufacturing labor. It is of the utmost import-
ance to the grain-growing States to have a market
not only in this .country, but strictly at home.
From.many sections of the West, it now costs as
much to transport their wheat, and even their In-
dian corn, to market, as it does to raise it. That
is the case in relation to some markets in this
country; still more when the market is a foreign
one. How important, then, is it, that such forms
of labor should be there introduced as will ensure
that some considerable portion of their productions
be consumed at home, and near where it is now
produced.
I know of no other reason why the fertile lands
of the valley of the Connecticut river are worth
$100 or §200, and those of Illinois, of at least equt.1
fertility, are worth §0 per acre. I firmly believe
that they have a more decided interest to make this
system permanent than any other section of the
country.
But, sir, suppose these seven hundred thousand
persons, who are now mechanics and manufactur-
ers, or any considerable portion of them, should
cease to be consumers of the products of the soil,
and should be themselves producers, what would
then be the result? I think it would be a hard
j matter for any theorist or politician of any school
| to persuade any sensible, practical farmer, that this
| greatly diminished consumption at home and
; greatly increased production would be made up to
htm by any market he could find abroad, and that
it would be better for him to run the risk of,send-
ing his productions to those who have heretofore
purchased so sparingly, and also some three or
four thousand miles distant, instead of saving the
transportation, and securing a certain market with -
in a thousand miles, or a hundred miles, or at his
next door, and in his own country, and among his
own people.
Mr. BEDINGER obtained the floor, and moved
that the committee rise; which motion prevailed,
and the committee rose.
INDIAN APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. McKAY, from the managers appointed by
the two Houses to conduct at the conference on
