1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1039
protective system grew great danger; not that this
glorious Union pf ours would be dissolved, but
that it might not remain ah' unbroken whole; not
that our national banner, which now floats beyond
the Rio Grande, should be torn into shreds, and
scattered to the winds of heaven, but that one bright
star, at least, might have dropped from its ample
folds. Enough, surely, such a probable, or possi-
ble catastrophe, to bid us pause ere we seek to
perpetuate a syslem that might have brought it
upon us! The gentleman,I think, must be too
well read in "the history of our country to deny that
danger. If he denies or doubts, I refer him to a
gentleman from South Carolina, occupying a seat
near me, who was himself a member of the con-
vention which passed the nullifying ordinance, and
also, X believe, one of those who stood ready to
enter the field in vindication of the doctrines that
that ordinance sets forth. He will learn from that
gentleman that in the winterof 1832-'33, there were,
m South Carolina, twelve thousand "minute men,"
as they were called, enrolled, armed, mounted,and
ready, at a single hour's warning, to muster under
the Palmetto banner: a force half as large again as
that which the gallant Taylor now heads against
Mexico. He will learn, further, that there was a
reservo regularly organized, of twelve thousand
more, to be called out, if the exigency of the case
demanded their aid. Now, we may say what we
please of the prudence of South Carolina chivalry;
its spirit and courage none ever doubted. We may
doubt whether the example of one State would have
drawn others into the contest; but we cannot doubt,
that a word, an impulse, such as often determines
the fate of nations, might have precipitated one
State of the Union, if no other, into actual wttr.
And if even with one State only, terrible—how ter-
rible might that contest have been ! I ask again,
as on the former occasion I asked, what man could
say, where, if the first blood had flowed, that frat-
ricide war might end? I thank God the fearful
issue was never tried. Let us not tempt our fate
by continuing the influences which brought about
so perilous a crisis.
But I did not rise, sir, again to argue this ques-
tion; I desired solely to correct the erroneous ver-
sion of my sentiments into which the gentleman
from New York, doubtless from inadvertence, had
been misled.
Mr. McKAY, on leave given, offered the follow-
ing resolution; whieh was adopted unanimously:
.Resolved, That the Clerk of thiH House have
leave of absence for such portion of the next week,
not exceeding four days, as he may desire.
THE TARIFF.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the-Union, (Mr. Cobb, of Georgia, in the chair,)
and rtesumed the consideration of the bill to rcduoo
the duty on imports, and for other purposes.
Mr. 15E1>INGER was entitled to the floor, and
addressed the committeo (in remarks, of which a
full report will be found in the Appendix) in favOr
of the bill under consideration, and in explanation
of the insuperable objections he entertained against
the injustice and tyranny of the system which had
been fastened upon the Government by the act of
1842.
Mr. EWING, of Tennessee, obtained the floor,
and addressed the committee in opposition to the
bill.
Mr. POLLOCK followed on the same side, and
in general vindication of the protective policy.
[These speeches will be published in the Appen-
dix.]
Mr. TOWNS addressed the committee during
his hour, (in a speech, of which a ftill report will
be found in the Appendix,) in advocacy of the bill
under consideration, and in condemnation of the
tariff of 1849, exposing particularly its intolerable |
burdens upon the people of the youth—burdens
exactly correspondent to the benefits it confers upon
other sections, and in reply more particularly to
Mr. Pollock, and Mr. Rockweli. of Connecticut,
portraying the inherent injustice and oppression of
the entire system of protection to certain favored
classes by governmental interference with the in-
dustrial pursuits and business operations of the
people.
Mr. SEVERANCE followed in a statistical
speech in favor of the tariff of 1842.,
[This speech will be published in the Appen-
dix.]
Mr. TIBBATTS then obtained the floor, and
the committee rose and reported.
And, after the usual motions for calls of the
House, &c.,
The House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were pre-
sented under the rule, and referred to the appropri-
ate committees:
ByMr.-SCHENOK: The petition of Daniel Wolf and 113
other citizens of Ohio, praying for the establishment of a
mail-route from Ittoca, in Darke county, to Union, in Mont-
gomery county, in that State; referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post ltoaiis.
By Mr. ORINNELL: The petition of Srrabo Clark and
77 other citizens of Brewster, Massachusetts, for a continu-
ance of the duty on t-alt anil allowance to the eodlishery.
A l-n, of E. E Knou'les and others of Easthani, Massachu-
setts, for the name pu rpo^o^.
By Mr. McILVAINE: The petition of Deborah Marotand
101 -t other women of t'iiibulclphia, prajnig foi the abolition
of slavery in till1 District of Columbia and the slave trade
between the States.
IN SENATE.
Monday, June 29, 1846.
Mr. DTX presented the petitions of John Morti-
mer, and Crafts, Stevens, & Tucker, praying that
certain duties alleged to have been illegally exacted
of them by the collector for the port of New York,
may be refunded to them; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisinna, presented the
memorial of the Legislature of Louisiana, praying
that an appropriation may bo made for the removal
of obstructions in the channel of the Bayou La-
fourche; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. YULEE presented the petition of certain
settlers on the public lands in the State of Florida,
praying the benefits of tlie act to provide for the
armed occupation and settlement of the unsettled
part of the peninsula of East Florida may be ex-
tended to them; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. JARNAGIN presented resolutions adopted
by the Legislature of the State of Tenniwee, m
favor of the payment of the claims of certain com-
panies of Tennessee volunteers mustered into the
service of the United States m the month of July,
J836; which, after residing, were ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs,
Mr. BAG BY submitted the following resolution;
which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That a committee of five be appointed
by the Chair to inquire into the expediency of pre-
paring a place for reporting the proceedings and
the substance ot' the debates of the Senate.
Mr. IIANNEGAN, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of
Josephine Noursc; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. WOODBRIRGE, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported the hill to amend an
act confirming certain land claims in the State of
Michigan, accompanied by a special report. The
bill was read and passed to the second reading,
and the report accompanying the bill was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. SEVIER) from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported, without amendment, the House
bill to repeal an act entitled " An act for the relief
of the Stockbridgc tribe of Indians in the Territory
of Wisconsin, and for other purposes," approved
3d March, 1843.
The following resolution, submitted on the 15th
instant, by Mr. Houston, was considered, and
agreed to:
llesohed, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the practicability,
propriety, and expense of opening an inland navi-
gation from the Sabine to Galveston, and thence to
the month of the Rio Grande, as connected with
the defence of the coast of Texas.
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the necessity and
propriety of making early and adequate provision
for the survey, improvement, and permanent forti-
fication of the principal harbors- on the coast of
"^The Senate also considered the following resolu-
tion, submitted on the 15th instant, by Mr. Hous-
ton, which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to the Senate copies
of the reports of the board of engineers heretofore
employed in an examination of the coast of.Texas,
with a view to its defence and improvement.
Mr. JARNAGIN gave notice of his intention,
by leave of the Senate, to introduce a bill to estab-
lish and -organize an executive bureau under the
exclusive direction and control of the President of
the United States.
Mr. JOHN M. CLAYTON gave notice that he
would to-morrow ask leave to introduce a bill for
the relief of the heirs of Robert Fulton.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr. J.
M. Clayton on the 15th instant, was considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be, and he is hereby, directed to prepare for the
use of the Senate a statement showing the number
of vessels employed in the coasting trade; how
many of such vessels are propelled by steam, and
how many by sails; how many are rated by the
custom-house admeasurement at seventy-five tons,
and less than one hundred and fifty tons; how
many are rated at one hundred and fifty, and less
than two hundred and fifty tons; how many are
rated at two hundred and fifty, and less than three
hundred and fifty tons; how many are rated at
three hundred and fifty tons, and less than five
hundred tons; and how many are rated at five
hundred tons and upwards.
The following resolution, submitted on the 9th
instant, by Mr. Niles, was agreed to:
Ilesohca, That the Committee on Finance be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing
by law that the subsistence, clothing, and equi-
page for the m my be purchased by advertising for
contracts to be given to the lowest bidder, when
the exigencies of the service will admit of it; and
nlso to inquire into the expediency of requiring the
quartermaster general and the commissary general
orsubsistence, to report annually to the Secretary
of War the terms of all contracts made, and all
bids or offers for contracts, not accepted, relating
to the military service.
[A message in wiitnig was received from the
Pi evident of the United Slates.]
Tlie resolution heretofore submitted by Mr.
Bagdy, providing that the, hour of meeting of the
Senate shall hereafter be eleven o'clock, a. m., was
considered and agreed to.
The following resolution^ submitted by Mr. Sim-
mons on the 26th instant, was considered:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to furnish tlie Senate with the estimates
by the department, of the annual amount of im-
portations which it is expected will be made, should
the duties thereon be charged as proposed in his
repoitof the 16th instant, specifying the amount
in value of imports of the articles comprehended
within each of the several classes of merchandise
upon which it is proposed to levy upon the value
thereof duties at the rates of ]25 per cent., 40 per
cent., 30 per cent., 25 per cent., 20 per cent., 15
per cent., 10 per cent., and 5 per cent., respective-
ly, together with his estimate of the amount of
revenue to be derived therefrom; also the estimated
amount of the annual value of imports of such ar-
ticles as it is proposed shall continue to be imported
free of duty; and that he accompany the same with
a statement'of the amount in value of impoitations
the last fiscal year of all articles embraced in each
class of imports upon which it is proposed to levy
the foregoing rates of duties; stating in each case
the amount of imports of articles subject to duty
under existing laws, and the rates of duty paid
thereon the last year, and the amount of imports
of each class that were imported the last year free
of duty, with his estimate of the amount m value
of imports of each kind after the proposed change
in the rates of duties shall have taken place. Also,
a statement of the revenue received from customs
for the three first quarters of the present year, and
the amount to be expected from that source for the
fourth quarter.
Mr. DAVIS moved the following amendment;
which was agreed to: Add to the original resolu-
tion,
jResolved, That the Secretary of tlie Treasury be
instructed to report to the Senate the list of manu-
factured articles upon which the sum of fifty-four
millions of dollars are annually paid to the pro-
tected classes, by enhancing the price of domestic
