1040
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 20.
articles, and the amount so paid upon each article,
if he possesses the means of ascertaining the same.
The question being- then taken upon the resolu-
tion as amended, it was adopted.
The following: resolution, submitted on the 25th
instant, by Mr. Johnson, of Maryland, was con-
sidered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to report to the Senate whether any individual has
been authorized by the Department, or recommend-
ed by the Department, to the Executive of any
State, to be authorized to raise volunteers to serve
in the war with Mexico; or whether the Governor
of any State has been authorized by the Depart-
ment to receive into service volunteers raised by
any individual named by the Department; and if
so, that he report the facts to the Senate, together
with copies of any instructions or correspondence
relating to the same, and state under what power
such an authority has been given, or such recom-
mendation has been made.
The following resolution, submitted on the 25th
instant by Mr. Haywood, was considered and
agreed to:
Resolved, That a select committee be appointed
to revise the rules for conducting business in the
Senate of the United States, and to inquire and
make report to the Senate, whether any, and if any,
what amendments are neccsary or expedient for the
orderly and convenient despatch of business.
The Senate considered the adverse report of the
Committee of Claims, on the memorial of J onathan
Tyner; which was concurred in.
Also the adverse report of the Committee of
Claims on the petition of John Cocke; wb,ich was
laid on the table. ,
Also, the adverse reports of the Committee on
Pensions, in the cases of representatives of James
Livingston, and Jonathan Smith, the executor of
Judah Allen, the administrator of William Torrcy,
and the executrix of James Maxwell; which were
concurred in.
Also the adverse report of the Committee on Pen-
sions, on the petition of Abigail Edgerly; which
was concurred in.
Also, the adverse report of the Committee on
Pensions, on the petition of Mary Biggs; which
was concurred in.
The " bill for the relief of Nathaniel Stafford,"
was read a third time and passed.
The " act for the relief of John Jones, surviving
parmer of John Jones and Charles Louder," was
read a third time and passed.
The " bill to authorize the settlement of the ac-
counts of John Arwell," was taken up for its third
reading.
Mr. JARNAGIN moved that the bill be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Indian Affairs, with
ceitain instructions; which motion was agreed to.
WASHINGTON MONUMENT.
The PRESIDENT announced as the next busi-
ness in order the joint resolution authorizing the
erection upon the public grounds in the city of
Washington of a monument to General George
Washington.
Mr. ARCHER, in pursuance of notice hereto-
fore given, moved that the previous orders be post-
poned, and that the Senate pioceed to the con-
sideration of the bill providing for the retrocession
of Alexandria.
Mr. BREESE expiessedthe hope that the Sen-
ate would proceed to the consideration of the sub-
ject which was made the special order for Thurs-
day last—the bill providing for the graduation and
reduction of the price of the public lands.
Mr. DICKINSON suggested the propriety of
proceeding with the private calendar.
Mr. DIX expressed a desire that the warehous-
ing bill should be taken up; but as the land bill
had the precedence, lie would not press a motion
without effect.
Mr. MILLER expressed the hope that the un-
finished business—the Washington Monument site
—would be the, first disposed of.
Mr. YULEE was desirous that the land bill
should be disposed of.
After some discussion as to the priority of busi-
ness the question was taken on Mr. Archer's mo-
tion to take up the bill for the retrocession of Alex-
andria, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. MANGUM, in redemption of a pledge given
on Saturday last to the friends of the bill, autho-
rizing the erection of a monument to General
Washington upon the public grounds within the
city of Washington, moved that the said bill be
taken up for consideration.
Upon this question, the yeas and nays were de-
manded; and, being taken, resulted as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Cilley, Thomas Clayton, John
M. Clayton, Corwin, Crittenden, Davis, Dayton, Evans,
Greene, Haywood, Jamaica, Johnson of Maryland, Johnson
of Louisiana, Mangum, Miller, Morehead, Pearce, Phelps,
Simmons, tjpham, and Woodbridge—22. .
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Bag-
by, Benton, Breese, Bright, Calhoun, Cass, Chalmers, Col-
quitt, Dickinson, Dix, Fairfield, Hannegan, Hoa-ston, Lewis,
McDuflie, Pennybacker, Kusk, Sevier, Turney, and Yu-
lee—94.
So the motion was not agreed to.
THE PUBLIC LANDS.
The Senate then proceeded to consider, as in
committee of the whole, the bill to reduce and
graduate the price of the public lands and for other
pin poses.
The pending question was upon a proposition
of Mr. Dayton to amend the bill by striking out
that portion which makes a donation to the States
in which they lie of all that portion of the public
land which has been in the market and subject to
private entry for a period exceeding forty years.
Mr. DAYTON desired simply to say, in con-
nexion with this proposed amendment, that if it
should prevail, it was his intention to move to
substitute in the place of the words stricken out a
provision that these lands be sold at 12.7 cents an
acre. His object was to meet the principle which
seemed to be recognised by the bill, of giving lands
to the States, by a proposition which would at once
test the sense of the Senate upon it. Let the price
of the lands be reduced to the smallest sum com-
patible with the interests of the Government, but
let not the principle be admitted that whole sec-
tions of the public domain were to be surrendered
to the States m which they were situated.
Mr. BREESE read from tables in his hands,
some statistical facts relative to the public lands.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, was opposed to
giving away any of the public land whiGh might
be available in the market for a reasonable price,
although he was in favor of a bill for the gradua-
ting and reducing the price of the public lands.
The bill proposed to divide all the public lands be-
longing to the United States into five classes, and
*to affix a price to each class, from one dollar and
a quarter down to twenty-five cents.
Mr. DAYTON. And I propose a sixth class,
at twelve-and-a-half cents.
Mr. JOHNSON said he believed he was correct |
when he stated that the minimum price of all the
public lands in the United States was now one dol-
lar and twenty-five cents an acre. He wanted to
know, then, if it was intended that lands, which
had never heretofore been subjected to sale at a
lower rate than one dollar and twenty-five cents
per acre, were now to be all at once put into mar-
ket at twenty-five cents? This would be the effect,
as he viewed it; and, not content with forming
these several classes with varying prices, the sec-
ond section of the bill provided, that all lands
which had been upwards of thirty years in market,
though that land might be w orth fifty cents or a
dollar per acre, should become absolutely the prop-
perty of the State in which it lay.
The provision was retrospective; it referred to
such land as had already been in the market thirty
years, without our being able to get a dollar and
a quarter an acre for it, though it might very well
be that we could get something less. There were,
he believed, about 2,600,000 acres in each of five
States, which would fall within this class, and
which would consequently become the property of
those States. When lands were found to be worth
nothing, they might be given to the States.
Mr. BREESE remarked that he had an amend-
ment prepaied, which he intended to submit as
soon as the proposition of the Senator from New
Jersey was disposed of; and it was this, that the
lands of any particular class remaining unsold for
five years should be placed in the succeeding class.
He would himself prefer that the price he brought
down to twenty-five cents as soon as practicable,
for he thought it an object that those lands should
be settled.
Mr. PENNYBACKER said he would like to
inquire of the honorable Senator, the chairman of
the Committee on the Public Lands, if he had in-
formed himself whether it is competent for the
General Government to make donations of land to
the States. He had al ways understood that these
lands were ceded to the General Government for
specific purposes—for the common use and benefit
of the whole .Union—the General Government
standing in the nature of a trustee, to hold the
lands for the common use and benefit of the United
States. The question, then, would be, whether
the giving of these lands to the States in which
they were situated woujd be" for the common use
and benefit ? If not, it would b'e a disposal of them
in a manner which the grantoys did not intend.
This was' a matter which seemed to him to be "well
worthy of their serious consideration.
Mr. MILLER inquired of the honorable chair-
man of the Committee on the Public Lands what
would become of the alternate sections of the pub-
lic land under the acts ceding certain sections of
the public lands to the various States, for the pur-
pose of aiding in works of internal improvement?
It was scarcely necessary to give away one section
in order that another might be bene'fited, if they
were going immediately to give away the whole?
Mr. BREESE said that that difficulty could be
very readily obviated, by reserving the tracts to
which those grants of alternate sections applied.
As to the query suggested by the Senator from
Virginia, that was a matter which had been' dis-
cussed and determined by the Senate. Though
the publie lands were granted to the General Gov-
ernment for the common benefit, yet it did not fol-
low that they must be sold. The trust might be
fulfilled in another way.
Mr. ATCHISON observed that the objection
stated by the honorable Senator to giving away
these lands to the States would, he thought, at
once be removed when he reflected that a very large
proportion of the public land was'not ,w«rth the
expense of surveying. In the State" of Missouri
the returns showed that a very large proportion, he
believed about nine-tenths, was not worth the cost
of surveying. So that they were in reality giving
the States nothing, or next tonothing.
Mr. CALHOUN said it appeared to him that
there were two very strong objections to the pas-
sage of this bill. He was in favor of the gradu-
ating principle; there were many and very strong
reasons why it should be adopted", but, as this bill
now stood, he could not possibly give it his assent.
The bill divided the public land into" five classes,
according to the length of time it had been" in the
market; and, in the-second section,, it went on to
provide that the price should be reduced "all at once
according to the classification, whatever it might be.
His objection to this mode of graduation was, that
m all probability those lands which had been in
market thirty years and upwards were quite as
likely to sell for one dollar an acre as land which
had been but five years in the* market. The in-
crease of population and the natural advance in
the value of property had brought the worst qual-
ity of land nearly to the value of one dollar and
twenty-five cents per acre. He did not see, how-
ever, why the public lands should not be brought
gradually to some standard of valuation. Land
that had been in the market for ten years might be
brought down to one dollar per acre, and so remain
for four or five years, and after that, if not sold,
further reduced for a like period to seventy-five
cents the acre, and then to fifty, and, if. unsold,
eventually to be ceded to the States in which they
lie.
As for this question of cession of the public
lands, he agreed substantially with the views of
the Senator from Virginia, that they had no right
to give away the public land. Still, he thought that
they would find, m progress of time, that the quan-
tity which could not be sold at twenty-five cents
per acre would be so small, and the quality of that
little so infeiior, that it would not be worth the
cost of its survey, or even the expense of an ad-
vertisement for its sale. To this extent, he should
consider the trust in regard to such land fulfilled.
And this was the principle which had governed him
ever since he had turned his attention to the sub-
ject; but lie saw no reason for supposing that land
which had been in the market for thirty years
might not be as valuable as that which had been
but five years. The truth was, a very small por-
tion only of the public land came up to the value
of one dollar and twenty-five cents each year; but
he thought it entirely ^inadvisable to go through
the slow process of disposing of these lands only
as fast as they rose to that value. He was deci-
