1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1045
already undertaken, but by preventing the discov-
ery of new fields in which to employ the ingenuity
and skill of our people.
Because it yields up the independence intended
to be arrived at by the fathers of the American
system, by again looking to Europe for the pro-
dace of theit- workshops instead of supplying
ourselves from our own.
Because, although it is true that foreign labor is
nmch less expensive than American, still, expe-
rience has fully shown that foreign fabrics advance
in price as competition diminishes with us, and in
the end we pay much dearer for foreign than do-
mestic, manufactures.
Because the bill under consideration is not a
modification of the tariff of 1842, but an entire
change of it in principle and detail—not conforming
to any expressed wish of the majority of the
people, and injurious, in his opinion, to all classes
of people.
Mr. HUNTER then addressed the committee
during the hour in favor of the bill under consid-
eration.
Mr. TOOMBS] followed in opposition to the
hill.
Mr. WICIC addressed the committee in strong
defence of the bill of the Committee of Ways and
Means, as directed to carrying out the pledges of
the Democratic party, and the great principles
uniformly maintained by them. He replied to
remarks of Mr. Brinkiiirhufi<-, and went into a
searching exposure and rebuke of the causes, open
and avowed, as well as secret and disavowed,
which threatened the safety of the tariff hill under
consideration. He expressed his willingness to
compromise to a limited extent, if thereby they
could pass the bill. He also touched upon the
question of Oregon and other political topics inci-
dentally.
Mr. CARROLL obtained the floor, and spoke
in favor of the protective policy generally, and
against the bill before the committee.
Mr. WILMOT opposed the tariff of 1849. Tie
believed it unjust and oppressive, inflicting heavy
burdens upon the industry of the country for the
purpose of building up a monopoly, a privileged
class, in the land; a "bill of abominations," in
violation of the genius of our institutions, of the
provisions of our Constitution, and fatally subver-
sive of the rights and liberties of the people. Ho
was in favor of a revenue tariff—of an equal, just.,
and constitutional tariff, which would grant equal
protection to all, exclusive privileges to" none.
Mr. McCONNELL spoke briefly in a humor-
ous strain upon a variety of matters He con-
demned in unqualified terms, tho oppressions of tho
tariff act of 1842, but desisted from saying all he
had -intended on that subject, because of the elo-
quent and effective speech of tho gentleman from
Pennsylvania who immediately preceded him,
which he fully endorsed, and which, he said,
came much better and with greater Ibvce from that,
quarter of the country. lie repelled the asper-
sions that had been cast upon tho President, and
defended his course, and that of the Senate, in the
settlement of the Oregon quest ion. Ho replied,
in passing, to remarks of Messrs. Stewart, Bium-
head, and Thompson, of Pennsylvania, anil closed
with a brief notice of his substitute for the land
bill, which proposes to grant to every " man, maid,
or widow," being the head of a family, one hun-
dred and sixty acres of land—to the beneficent
effects of which in developing the resources and
wealth of the country, and promoting the welfare
and happiness of the people, he adverted—ex-
pressing the hope that it would soon come up for
consideration.
Mr. WOO DR0FF defended tho existing tariff
and the principles of the "American system" of
protection to the domestic industry of the coun-
try, and said his vote woijld stand where the vote
of a Native American should stand—on the side
of his country, its glory, its prosperity, and its
independence.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, gave in his firm
adhesion to the tariff act of 1842; but would not
enter into the full discussion of it, as that had been
fully done before the people of New York in the
last canvass, and the Democratic party, with their
opposition to it, had been elevated to power. .He
now challenged them, if they adhered, to their
pledges, to come upholdly and repeal; if not now,
with a Democratic majority of sixty on this floor,,
to let it' remain quietly on the statute-book, that
the people may know on what to depend. He
replied also to certain declarations in a former
speech of his colleague, Mr. Collin.
Mr. STANTON advocated the bill of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and would go for any
other more equal and just system of taxation than
the present law, which should be presented with
any prospect of success. He replied to gentlemen
who had indulged in reflcctionsupon the President's
course on the Oregon question, and vindicated his
action. He also replied to Mr. Briniceriioff's
remarks of-yesterday; in the course of which he
yielded for explanation or inquiry, to Messrs. Mc-
Dowell, Fries, and Sawyer.
Mr. BAB.RI.NGER defended the general princi-
ples of the tariff of 1842, against any of the meas-
ures proposed to he substituted for it, but would be
willing to see some few amendments made in it.
Mr. FICI1LIN obtained the floor ot a few min-
utes past seven, and declining to comply with nu-
merous invitations to yield to a motion to rise, pro-
ceeded to address the committee in opposition to
the tariff of 18-12, and in advocacy of the bill of the
Committee of Ways and Means
Mr. BELL followed on the opposite side of the
question.
Mr. PERRY advocated a medium course on the
subject of the tariff, in order to reconcile the con-
flicting interests of tho country and arive quiet and
stability to nui taiill' lobulation, lie objected to
many provisions of the tariff of 18-12 on the one
hand, and to certain features of the bill of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means on the other; and asked
greater equality of protection for the farming; inter-
ests generally, and for the coal interests of Mary-
land, upon the importance of which ho dwelt at
some length.
Mr. ROOT defended the tariff of 1812, and made,
many humorous allusions to the course of his col-
league, [Mr. Buimu'-huui k,] and of others.
Mr. MILLER. took a commercial view of the
subject, and supported the tariff of 1842.
Mr. DA-N1KL, at a quarter past ten o'clock, took
the floor, and proceeded to speak in defence of the
bill of the. Committee of Ways and Means, and of
tho importance of union in the Democratic party
in currying out the pledges given to the people in
the support of the s;-i eat system oi duties uniformly
maintained by them.
|The residue of this day's proceedings will be
found in our report of to-morrow.]
IN SENATE.
Thursday, July 2, 1846.
Air. STURGEON" presented the petition of All-
drew Parke, a soldier in the late war with Great
Kritoiri, asking a pension; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. DIX presented the memorial of N. Nye
Hull, an officer in tho last, war with Great Britain,
asking an increase of pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. YIJLEli presented the memorial of John
M. Mcintosh, praying the payment of his claim
against the United States, as assignee of John
Clntc and Jacob llart, who were employed in the
military service as teamsters at Fort Macomb;
which was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. CASS presented a memorial of citizens of
Chicago, Illinois, praying that, in any change in
the mode of disposing of the mineral lands of the
United States which Congress may make, the
rights of the lessees of those lands may not bo sac-
rificed; which was laid on the table and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. HANNEGAN submitted the following res-
olution; which lies over:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to the Senate the or-
ders, if any such have been transmitted to General
Taylor since the battles of the 8th and 9th of May,
directing him to advance on Mexico, or otherwise
controlling his movements.
Mr. THOMAS CLAYTON, from the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims, to whom was refer-
red the House bill for the relief of Nathaniel Bird,
submitted an adverse report thereon, recommend-
ing that the further consideration of the subject be
indefinitely postponed; which report was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill for the relief of Madison
Allen, of the State of Missouri; which was read,
and passed to the second reading.
Mr. B. also, from the same committee, reported,
without amendment, the House bill for the relief
of John G, McLeod, of Linn county, Iowa.
Mr. B. further, from the same committee, re-
ported, without amendment, the House act to con-
firm an entry of land made by the administrator of
James Anderson, deceased, of Iowa Territory.
Mr. HAYWOOD moved that the committee to
inquire into the expediency of revising the rules of
the Senate, provided for by the resolution of the
Senate adopted a few days since, consist of five
persons, and be appointed by the Chair; which
motion was agreed to.
The PR.ESIDENT appointed as said committee
Messrs. Haywood, Pearce, Sevier, Evans, and
Atherton.
The Senate considered the adverse report of the
Committee on Foreign Relations upon the petition
of John Strokecker and others; which Was con-
curred in.
RETROCESSION OF ALEXANDRIA.
Mr. ARCHER moved that the prior orders of
the day be. postponed, and that the Senate resume
the consideration of the bill for the retrocession of
the town and county of Alexandria to the State of
Virginia; which motion was agreed to.
The bill was then considered as In committee of
the whole, when
Mr. R. JOHNSON rose and stated that, as a
member of the Committee of the District of Co-
lumbia, and as having voted in committee in favor
of this bill, lie desired to state the grounds on
which he had formed his opinion. _ He went into
a review of the. constitutional provision relative to
the establishment of a seat of government, and
to the proceedings of Congress with regard to its
location within this District, and insisted that there
was nothing in either to prohibit the retrocession
of the ten mile square to the States from which it
was taken, or any portion thereof. He supposed
that an absolute necessity might arise for the re-
moval of the seat of government, from the posses-
sion of this District by an enemy. Could not
Cun.gross fix on another seat for its deliberations?
and, in that case, could it not cede this District
bad,- to the States to which it originally belonged?
lie stated that Alexandria complained of having
been neglected by Congress, and he presumed she,
had good reason for this complaint; for it was
only reasonable that Congress should be mpre>
favorable to' the portion of the District which was
more immediately the seat and scene .of,its labors.
Mr. MILLER briefly replied, maintaining that
Congress hud no power to receive a cession of the
soil and sovereignty, except for a specified object;
and that tho object of this cession being the estab-
lishment of the scat of Government, it could not
be retroceded without the abandonment of that
object. He thought a great number of the citizens
of the county, being out of the city of Alexandria,
were opposed to retrocession.
Mr. 11A NNEGAN made a few remarks in favor
of the bill. The citizens desired to be restored to
their original rights, and we have no right to refuse
them.
Mr. CALHOUN then rose, and said that he had
not been able to discover any valid reason why the
retrocession should not be made. The first and
great point for consideration was, whether, by this
retrocession, the object of the cession would be im-
paired? He could not see how any evil result
could possibly follow. It was a detached portion
of the District, lying on the other side of the river,
and in no way calculated to facilitate the legislation
of the General Government. Nor did he see how
any acquired rights could be injured. He did not
see how the retrocession could injuriously affect
the county of Washington, as he believed it was
called, or Georgetown. The next, question then
was, was there any serious constitutional objection?
According to his judgment there could not be any
such, unless,.there was somewhere in the Constitu-
tion a prohibitory clause. It was in the power of
the Government to remove its seat if it thought
proper, unless there was some express provision to
the contrary. Now, he saw no such provision in
the Constitution. It belonged to gentlemen to
prove that the retrocession would be unconstitu-
tional. If they had a right—which he held to be
incontestable—to remove the seat of Government,
the right of parting with any portion of it was ap-
