1846.
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1049
SOLL, in the item concerning periodicals, was
agreed-to.
Mr. I. E. HOLMES moved to strike out pine
apples. Rejected.
Mr. NORRIS moved'-to strike out salt; which
motion, by ayes 90, noes 60, was agreed to.
Mr. HARALSON moved to strike out blankets
of all kinds, with a view to a transfer to another
schedule.
The. CHAIRMA'N decided the motion out of
Order. ' *
Mr. HARALSON appealed.
The committee sustained the' decision of the
Chair.
Mr. WILMOT moved to add the following to
the schedule.
"Raw hides and skins of all kinds, whether dried, salted,
or pickled, not otherwise provided for."
The motion, by ayes 63, noes 86, was rejected.
Mr. McKAY moved to amend the schedule by
adding thereto the following:
<k Angora, Thibet, and other goat's hair or mohair, un-
manufactured; cedar wood, ebony, granadilla, mahogany,
rose wood, and satin wood, unmanufactured; cream of Uu tar;
extract of indigo; extracts and decoctions of logwood and
other dye wood, not otherwise provided for; extract of mad-
der j rlaxseed; gunny cloth; green tunic; bionze liquet;
iron liquor; manna; marble, in the lough, slab, or block,
unmanufactuied; Dutch and bronze metal, m leaf; mmeial
kertnes; needles of all kinds, tor sewing, darning, or knit-
ting; osier or willow for basket makers' u «; paving stones;
paving and.rooting tiles and bricks; plaster of Parisi, when
ground; quicksilver; saffronand saffroncake; seppia; steel,
all them otherwise provided tor."'
Mr. HOUGH moved to amend the amendment
by adding "linseed and rapeseed." Rejected.
Mr. HLTNGERPORD moved to amend by add-
ing '"watches and parts of watches. " Rejected.
The amendment of Mr. McKay was then agreed
to.
Schedule E being under consideration, (duty 15
per cent, ad valorem—)
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL moved to strike out
"bark, Peruvian." Rejected.
Mr. McKay moved to amend the 959th line to
read—
" Steel, cast, shear, or German, m bars."
Agreed to.
Mr. FRIES moved to amend the schedule, by
adding the word "salt." Rejected.
Mr. McKAY moved the following addition to
schedule E:
" Bamstone,1 crude, in bulk; cork-tree bark, unmanufae-
tured; s>ilk, law, not more advanced m manufacture than
singles, train and thrown, or orgapzine; torno tin plate*;
tin foil; tin in plates or sheets; tin plates, galvamzud, not
otherwise provided for."
Mr. WILMOT moved to add:
"Raw hides and skins of all kinds, whether dried, salted,
or pickled, not otherwise, provided for*"
Which motion, by ayes 69, noes 83, was re-
jected.
And the amendment of Mr. McKay was agreed
to.
Schedule P being under consideration, (duties
10 per cent, ad valorem)—
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL moved the following
amendment; which was rejected:
Strike out " books, printed, magazines, pam-
phlets, periodicals, and illustrated newspapers,
bound or unbound, not otherwise provided lor,"
and insert:
"Provided, That all books printed in Hebrew, Latin,
Greek, and German, reports of legislative committees ap-
pointed under foieign Governments, polyglot*, lexicons and
dictionaries, maps and charts, and all books that have been
prmted/more than forty years, shall be admitted tiee of
duty."
Mr. W. W. CAMPBELL moved to amend the
same item, by adding, "except imported for liter-
ary and other institutions for the promotion of
learning," Rejected.
4 motion (by whom the reporter could notlearn)
to-'strike^out " hair of all kinds, cleaned and un-
manufactured," was rejected.
Mr. McKAY ipoved the following addition to
the -schedule-:
"Barilla; bleaching-powders, or chloride of lime; burr
stones, wrought or unwrought; cochineal; gum arable;
Eum Senegal; gam tragantha; gum Bnrbary; gum East In-
dia- gum jedda; gum.substitute or burnt starch; indigo;
kelp; natron; terra japonica, or catechu."
Mr- FARAN- moved to- amend the amendment
by adding:
« Raw hides and skins of all kinds, whether dried, salted,
or pickled, not otherwise provided for."
The motion, by ayes 76, noes 82, was rejected, j
Mr. FRIES moved to amend the amendment by i
adding "salt." Rejected. I
The amendment of Mr. McKay was agreed to. i
Schedule Gr (duties 5 per cent, ad valorem) be- 1
ing under consideration— I
Mr. THURMAN moved to strike out "raw i
hides, and skins of all kinds, whether dried, salt-
ed, or pickled, not otherwise provided for."
Rejected.
Mr. McKAY moved the following additional to
schedule Gr:
"Argol, or crude tartar; berries, nuts, and vegetables,
used exclusively m dying or in composing dyes; but no ar-
ticle shall be classed as such that has undergone any manu-
facture ; Brazil wood, and all other dye-wood, m sticks;
ivory, unmanufactured ; ivory iiur.N or vegetable ivory; mad-
der root; nut-spalls; mother of peail; lasting, suitable for
shoos, boots, bootees, or buttons, exclusively manufactures
of mohair cloth, silk twM, or other iiiariuUctuie^ of cloth,
suitable for the manufaetuie of shoes, boots, bootees, or
buttons exclusively."
Mr. ASHMTJN would like to know, he said,
whether these articles came from the free list.
The CHAIRMAN said he could not inform the
gentleman.
The question was taken, and the amendment,
by ayes 89, noes 71, was agreed to.
Schedule H (the free list) being under consider- j
ation—
Mr. W. W. CAMPBELL moved the following
amendment, which was rejected:
"Books, maps, charts, manuscripts, periodicals, maga-
zines, and new.-paper?, bound or unbound, when imported :
for literary and oilier institutions for the piomotion of learn-
ing."
Mr. TIBBATTS moved to strike out the fol-
lowing:
<f Coffee and tea, when imported (Inert from the place of !
their growth or production m Ameuran vessels, or m for- j
eign vessels entitled, hy reeipioeal treats, to he exempt i
from diseiiminnting duties, tonnage, and other ehanics; i
coifce, the growth or production of the possessions ot' the
Netheilands, imported fiom the Netherlands m the same
manner."
And insert, in lieu thereof, the following:
"Salt, coffee, find tea, when imported in American ves-
; po)*, or in foreign vessels entitled, hy reciprocal treaties, to
bo exempt fiom discriniinaung duties tounuge, and othci
j charges."
Mr, ROTfKNOFv moved to stiiKc out all the
amendment after the word " (oh." Rejected.
Mr. CLARK.K moved to amend the amendment
by striking? out the words il and tea." Rejected.
Mr, JENKINS moved to amend by striking out
14 salt." Rejected.
Mr. RATH BUN moved to amend the amend-
ment by adding "sugar ond moWw," which
motion, bv ayes 52, noes not counted, was re-
jecfed
And tho amendment of Mr, Ttbbatts was re-
jected.
Mr. NORIIIP moved to insert (in the same item)
, the word "suit" after the word "cotlee;" which
!; motion, by ayes 101, noes 65, was agreed to.
|j Mr. TIBBATTS moved to amend the same item
by striking out these words, which was rejected:
" Direct from the place of their giowth or pioduction."
Mr. J.R. INGERSOLL moved to strike out the
following proviso from the last item of the sched-
ule, which was rejected:
" That this exemption (i. e. relating to wearing apparel,
hooks &o.,foi personal use,) shall not he constmed torn- r
elude machinery or other aiucles imported for use'm any
I manufacturing establishment, or for sale."' !
| Mr. A. JOHNSON moved to strike out the fol- !
lowing: j
" Sec. 4. And be it further cnacted, That if it shall Imp- i
pen, in anyfntiuc fiscal your, that the revenue shall not be 1
sufTn ient to deftay the expenditures required for that year, j
a  luty of ten per centum ad valorem shall he levied, collect- !
ed, and paid, on flea and coffee, to take effect after the first
quarter of the enduing year; and it shall be the duty of the 1
Sceietaryof the Treasury to report smell deficiency to the
Purulent, who shall forthwith announce the same hy procla-
mation, and direct that the aforesaid duty be collected as
above provided."
And insert:
Be it farther cnactcdy That from and after the passage of
this act there shall be levied and collected, in such manner
as may be,prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury of
the United States, the following rates of impost or per cent-
upon, ail capital as hereinafter enumerated ; that i-s to say;
upon all bank stock or the capital of banks, whether the
same be incorporated, or hawking under a general banking
law, one per cent, pf r annum upon the stock so held, or the-
capital so in vested; upon all capital vested in bonds issued
bv the several States winch they are now paving the inter-
est on as it falls due, or bonds issued by the Government of
the Uhited States, one per cent, per annum; upon all capital
used or employed by any individual or individuals, bank or
hanks, bodies politic- or corporate, in buying, discounting,
or shaving notes, either promissory or hank papir, one per
cent, per annum ; upon all money loaned hearing interest,
if the *um so loaned exceed ten thousand doll<u , one per
cent, pur annum ; upon all capital exceeding fiftj thousand
dollar^ vested m any one manufacturing establishment, one
halt of one per cent, per annum; upon all gold and silver
plate or waie exceeding fifty doliais m value, ten per cent,
ad valorem.
The amendment was rejected.
M -. McKAY moved to strike out the said fourth
scction.
Mr. HOUGH made a similar motion; which
was rejected.
Mr. McKAY now modified his motion, so as
to strike out the said section, and insert the follow-
ing:
" That in all cases in which the invoice or entry snail not
contain the weight, oi quantity, or miasm c of goods, \\ dies,
or meichandise, now weurhed, or measured, <>i gnawed, the
same shall be weighed, ganged, oi measured, at the expense
of the owner, agent, or com^iiey."
The motion, by ayes 97, noes 79, was agreed to.
The following scction being under considera-
tion:
ik Sfc. 5. And he it further enacted, That trom and after
the first day of December ncu, in lieu of the bounty hoie-
tofore authorized bylaw to be paid on the expoitation of
pickled tKh of the fisheries of the United States, theic shall
he allowed, on tho expoitation thereof, it emed with foieign
sail, a drawback equal in amount to the duty paid on the
salt, and no more, to he ascertained under such regulations
as may he pi escribed by the Secretaiy ot the Tieasury."
Mr. HOGl£ moved the following amendment:
" No draw bnck^or bounties m heu thereof, shall be al'ow
cd or paid on the exportation of pickled fish of the fisheries
of the United States: And provided further. That all laws
now allowing bounties on the tonnage ot vessels engaged m
the cod and bank lishcrte*, he, and they are heieby, re-
pealed "
Which, by ayes 101, noes 77, was agreed to.
The 7th sec turn being under consideiation in the
words following:
Skc. 7. And i>c it further cna<teJ> That the twelfth sec-
tion ofthe act eiuitlcu 'An act to piovide revenue fiom'in -
porls. and to change and modify existing laws imposing
duties on impoits, and for other piupo!~c>,' appioved August
tlurn, eighteen hundred and fnrtv-twn, shall ho, ami the
same is heiebv, so tar modified, that all good-* impoited fiom
tins side of the Cape of Good llojieoi Capclloin mav re-
main in the public f-toie1- foj the >piw of one hundiedand
tiftv d.'v-, m-ti'.id oi tin- tetm <st**-ida\v pic'-enbrd m tho
i-aid section ; .ind that a!t good-< nnjioi ti d liom be^ ond the
Cape ot Ciioijd Hope or (Jape Ihnn nia> r«-nt<ini m the pubhc
stoic-? one hundred and ei;;ht> d'tj'rf, instead of the toini of
ninety daj-s pre.-crihed in the said section : Provided, That
at the time of the payment of duties- on all such goods,
whether tho same or any portion thereof be sold for tho pay-
ment of such duties or not, interest at the, rate of six per
centum per atmum, upon tJie duties payable from the time
of the importation thereof to the time of payment, shall
also he paid as a part of the duties chargcable upon such
goods."
Mr. McKAY moved to strike out the proviso.
Agreed to.
Mr. McCLELLAND moved to amend the said
section, hy .striking out " 150" and " 160" days,
and inserting* u throe years." Rejected.
Mr. McKAY moved to strike out "ISO" and
u 180" days, and insert " one year*,,> which mo-
tion, by ayes 90, noes 81), was agreed to.
The following scction being under consideration:
" Her, 9. And he it fmthcr enacted^ Thai if, upon the cx-
' animation of any parcel, package, or quantity of s;oo<fs, of
| winch entry has been made, the appraisers of the United
l Stan s shall he of the opinion that the same are tindci valued
i bv the owner, importer, consignee, or agent, wiih the inten-
! tion of defrauding the revenue oj the United States, it shall
be lawful fhr the collector within whose distnet the tame
mav be cntcicd, the smrtion of the yccretmy of the Treas-
ury fh=t being obtained, if, in his opinion, the same shall be
advisable, to'take such goods for the u=-e of the United
Slate*. And such collector shall cause pitch goods to he
sold at public auction, within twenty davs from th« time of
taking the same, in the manner prescribed by law foi the
sale of unclaimed goods ; and the proceeds of«uch f-ale ?hall
be placed foithwith into the, treasury of the United States;
and Mich collector is hereby authorized to pay out of the
accruing revenue, to the ownei, importer, consignee, or
; agent of the goorhs so taken, the value thereof as declared m
, the entiy, and five per centum upon sueh amount in addi-
i turn thereto; and the said collector shall render to the Sec-
retary ofthe Treasuiy, with his accounts ofthe customs, a
statement showing the amount of moneys so paid, the
amount of duties chargeable on tli£ goods so taken, and the
amount of proceeds paid into the treasury; and this section
shall be in force until the first July, eighteen hundred and
forty-eight, unless otherwise directed by Congress."
Mr. RATHBUN moved to amend it by striking
out "five," and inserting, "twenty," in the 17th
line. Rejected*
The bill having now been gone through with—
Mr. POSTER offered the following as an addi-
tional section:
"And be it further enacted, Tbat if at the end of the first
