1050
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 3,
year fiorn the time tins act goes into effect, th?re ehali not
be realized, under its provisions. an amount o* revenue
equal to Unit produced during tie- lineal \ eai ending the fiist
or July, 184-2. undei the act entitled 'An auto piovide i eve-
nut' tiom import-!, and to change >mrl modify e\i-ting laws
i:npo-mg duties on nnpoif-. and for othei pin poses.'tnat
then t u, act. from and alt -r the expiration of the nr-t year
after it sr- «.••> into eiiVot, l>e im-poiativ.i and void, and the du-
tjo-s on fmport; shall th<'ieatiei he levied and collected m ac-
coidanc-: vifh tin' pi>>\ i ioji^ of the said aft, appioved 30tli
Aiuu-t, l^ii, and the said act, approved 30th August, 1812,
shall therraifi !>a rew\ed and eoutinued in foiee as fully
and eflVptuilly a- if this act had not passed; and it shall be
the duly of the Piesidcnt of the United Slates so to declare
b> piocla nation."
The question was taken by tellers, and the vote
istood, ayes 38, noes not counted.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. STEWART offered an amendment to the
title, (not now in order.)
Ah. BROD1IEAD moved the following as an
additional section:
*l,ul he tc f\ni'icr enacted* That from and cU'tet the fust
d\\ o JauuaiT ne.\t, su^ar ot all kinds, simp of sugar and
moi i&sex, siiail be tian&lerred to bCiudulo H."
Mr. WJIEATON offered the following amend*
mont, winch was rejected:
••That there shall be lewed on ail salt unpolled into ttie
Uii!t"d States a duty of si\ cents on e ich bushel or ft(i\-si>l
pound.?, an\ t.nuij in ihis bili to the contiaij hotwith-a Ind-
ian."
A motion was made, at a quarter after six, that
the committee lise. Rejected.
The question recurred, and was taken on the
amendment of Mr. Drodiiead, and, by ayes 89,
noes 93, was iciected.
Mr. (JJriAPAiAJN , of Maryland, offered the fol-
lowing amendment:
. bid be U further cv acted y That tins bdl shall not takeef-
leer as L > the coniempl ited duties on the ,11 tides which are
ihv products oi (heat Britain, nor shall the duties therein
[ p>> m 'd De ievi< d or coilcted on such articles, until thcic
snail be a cou^sponding reduction ot' duties by tin.' Govein-
m *nt of Gieat Britain, up ni tiie at tide of tobacco, tne
groutho! th" Uiiitod States, unpoited into Gre.it Buiani;
.old until tin. duti ,s levied and c ollci r<-<i upon {-aid <ntic 1c of
t dtaeeo, tin' giouth of the Umt'd Stale-, by the auilionty
of tee GovemiU'-ni ot Gn-at Ihitam, shall not exceed the
datieti lioicm opacified upon tho seveial aitidus which are
uie product-- of that country.*'
The committee rose and reported pi ogress.
And the House, at a very late hour, adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following- petitions and memorials were
ps csrntrd under the rule, and relet red to the nppro-
pi'iate committees:
V>v Mr CATllCAIlT The petition of F Li Fontam,
pt iik ip d chief of fie Miamie*, and or sevei il otb'Ts of the
o.imo cube. piawau th it seveial Taihau • ot tli" said Mb",
who ny u';aty are landowner in Indiana tn;i''h'-' peuniti'd
f.i remain, and didw their ammilte.- in said fcjiat.e: i cloned
to the Cooriiittec on fndum Attairs.
llv ,Mr, UA.M>SJiV : The mcinoua! of Chnrlui Rhodes, M.
0. 1-ati, <md -J it)othci-'j citizen^ oi Schujlkill couiitv, Ponii-
s\"lvnm<i. cn-za^ed in the coal tiade, pi.iymg that the present
tariff l.ms may not b." changed.
By Mi. PI LLSBC'IIV • The memorial of D Kleancr, atrent
of the G'-iman A--o.Matioji, piajing remission of duties:
icfeired lo the Committee on Coihmoice.
By Mi. A. JOHNSON" 'i'he .ippheation of Washington
DtMham, ot Tennessee, for a nack pension : referred to the
Uoinmitt'je on inva-ul P^iision.^.
Bv Mr. RUrffeELIj • Th"- petition of iJavid Chappel. a Ca-
nadian volunt -er. tor a «>*ant ot land r lefcrred to the C'om-
roitt'-f on Puvate Land Claim?. Also the petition of Wil-
liam Chappel, foi a like purpose. referred to toe &ame com-
mittee.
By Mr. STEWART * The petition of the burye-H and town
council oi'Brown-iVtllc, Pennsylvania, for the establishment
of a port of entry at that place ; referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. j
Friday, Jubj 3, X84G- .
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. McKAY moved that ihe House resolve it- ■
sj?lf into Committee of the Whole on the state of ■
the Union. I
Mr. RATHBUN asked and obtained leave to
make a personal explanation, in reply to an article ,
m last evening,s Union. 1
THE TARIFF.
The motion of Mr. McKay having been then
put and agreed to, the House resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Cobb, of Georgia, in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the bill fo reduce the duty on
imports and for other purposes.
When the Committee rose last evening, the pend-
ing question was on the following amendment, of-
fered by Mr. Chapman, of Maryland:
be if further cncicted, That this bill shall not take ef-
fect, as to the contemplated duties on the articles which are
the products of Great Britain, nor shall the duties therein
specified be levied or collected on such articles*, until there
ehall be a coir.j<?pondina: reduction of duties by the Govern-
ment of Gieat Britain upon the artieJe of tobacco, the growth
or the United States, imported info G<eat J3nfun, and until
the duties levied and collected upon said artiele of tobacco,
the growth of the United Stat^, by the authority of the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain, shall not exceed the duties herein
specified upon the several aitides v^hich are the products
of that country."
Tellers were appointed; and, the vote, being ta-
ken, stood—ayes 67, noes 81.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. S. JONES offered the following amend-
ment, of which he had heretofore given notice, (as
an additional section:)
"And for the purpose of preventing frauds upon the rev-
enue,
^Jie it further ena<-te<I, That all and every person who
shall impoit«oodes oi any othe r articles into the United States
shall deliver to the collector duplicate invoices of all articles
impnited by him oi tnem, and after the ^ame have been ex-
amined and a-icei tamed to be fan and genuine, (he collector
shall endor-e his name on each of them, and havp the seal
of ins office affixed thereto; one of which he shall deliver
to the importer ornnporters, and the other shall be deposited
in the ofii'-e. of the collector, subject to tho examination of
any and all persons; and on application of any pet son a
eop\ oi the same, dulv eeltiticd, shall he furnished to said
pcison piupoMusr to pmcha^c any of said actides upon then
pajnig the reasonable expenses of eopjina tiie same 'J
Mr. GORDON moved to amend the amendment
by adding thereto the following; which was re-
jected:
"And provided that all wool mixed with dirt or other ma-
terial shall be estimated, valued, nud appraised as n the same
weie clean and unmixed, and no allowance shall be made
tor any diminution in price in consequence of a mixture of
chit or other material; and m all cases in which wool of
\artou- kinds or qualities shall he touudm the same bale,or
pa«'ka^e. or m bulk, the dutv shall be levied on the whole at
the appiatsed value ol tha best kind of said wool in said
package, bale, oi in bulk.55
And the amendment of Mr. Jones was rejected.
Mr. RATHBUN offered the following as an
additional section:
'• Skc U. No oiih-ei or otner person connected with the
na\\ ot the United Slate-; shall, under any pretence, import
in any ship oi vessel of the United States any goods, wares,
or merchandise, liable to tiie payment of any duty."
The amendment, by ayes 80, noes not counted,
was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER offered the following amendment;
which was rejected:
ho it fui thcr mac/rd} That if'the revenue derived
ftoni impoils under tins hill shall not amount to the sum of
;-'2fi.i)Ul),Ui)U at fhe espuation o! the fiist year fiorn its pas
suit-, the dat> on nnp>rt- mentioned in ihe schedules shall
thereafter be iaise-d a< lollows to wit: m seh"dule A, 20
p :i cent.; m schedule 13, 15 per cent.; in schedule C, 10 per
tent., m schedule o pet cent."
Mr. ANDREW STEWART moved to amend
the title so as to make it, read:
A bill to icduce the duties on the luxuries of the lich, and
mcre.t*e them on the rLCve^^ric^ ol the poor; to bankiupt
the treasury; strike down American faimers, mechanics,
and workingtrien; to make way for the products of foreign
nqticuliure and forciirn laboi ; to destroy American compcti-
tun, and thereby establish a for-n^n monopoly in the A-nei- '
ican market; and, by adopting the principle ot " free trade," j
l*> induce the now prosperous labor of this countiy to the
degraded levd of the paupei labor of Entope ; and, finally, !
to desfoy the propeity and indrpcrdencc of these United j
State*, and again reduce them to the condition of colonies ;
and depcndcncits of Great Britain. j
The CHAIR stated that it was not in order :
to consider the title until the bili had been dis-
posed of.
Mr. STEWART demanded that his proposition
be read.
The CHAIRMAN said it was not in order to
read a paper proposed out of order.
From this Mr. STEWART appealed.
And the decision of the Chair was sustained by
1 the vote of the committee.
The question now was on the substitute for the
whole bili proposed by Mr. Hungerford.
It was taken up, and read by sections.
And the following item being under considera-
tion—
'•And all manufaetiu^ of linen or homp, or of which
' eithei of the^fi ai tides shall be the component tnateiial of
chi"fvalue, not otherwise prowd;;d for; on cotton, cotton
hat-bodies, and fioas silks, tuentypei cent. ad valorem"—
| Mr. TIBBATTS moved to insert, after the word
, "on,'1 the following; which was rejected:
" Cotton bdjrging, or hemp of flax, 4 cents per square
! yard."
I Mr. TIBBATTS moved a similar amendment,
j at " 3| cents-,"' which was rejected.
| Mr. TIBBATTS moved to insert, in the same
| place, the words " cotton bagging, and other mate-
j rial than hemp or flax, 4 cents per square yard;"
which was rejected.
! t Mr. TIBBATTS m6ved to insert, in the same
item, after the words " provided for," the words
"twenty per cent, ad valoremwhich was re-
jected. . "
-The following item being under consideration—
" On raw silk, not more advanced in manufactures than
singles, train, and thrown, or organzine, 10 per cent, ad
valorem"— «
Mr. TIBBATTS moved to substitute ((thirty"
"for "ten;** which was rejected.
The following item being under'consideration—
"On unmanufactured berap, twenty-five dollars per
ton"—
Mr. TIBBATTS moved to amend it by striking
out " twenty," and inserting "forty;" which was
rejected. *
Mr. THURMAN moved to amend the same
item by striking otit " twenty-five dollars per ton,"
and inserting " forty per cent, ad valorem;'1 which
was rejected.
Mr. BOYD moved to insert " thirty per cent.-ad
valorem;55'which was rejected. *
Mr. STARKWEATHER moved to strike out
the words "twenty-five dollars per. ton;" which
motion—by ayes 63, noes 74—was rejected.
The fallowing jtem being under consideration:
" On.flax and codilla, or tow of hemp or flax, fifteen per
cent, ad valorem."
Mr. TIBBATTS moved to strike out "fifteen
per cent, ad valorem," and insert " twenty dollars
per ton.5' Rejected.
The following item being under consideration;
" On Manilla, Sunn, and other liemps of India, fifteen
dollars per foil"—
Mr. TIBBATTS moved to strikeout and
insert "25." Rejected.
Mr. J, It. 1NGERSOLL desired to offer an
amendment, which was not now in order.
Mr. STARK WEATHKR moved to amend the
last-mentioned item by striking out " fifteen dol-
lars per ton."
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON. With what object?
With a view of inserting an ad valorem duty, in-
stead of a specific?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. That is the object.
The question was taken, and the' amendment
was rejected.
The following item being under consideration:
"On clothing icady made and partly made, *ind wearing
appaiel of every description, not otherwise provided for; fur
c.ips, lsat^j muffs, tippets, and all other manufactures of fur,
oi oi which fur shall be the component material of chief
value, 30 per cent, ad valorem."
Mr. POSTER moved to amend by striking out
"30" per cent., and inserting "50." Rcjccted.
The following item being under consideration:
" On umbiellas, parasols, sun-shades, and parts thereof,
30 per cent. raforcm."—
Mr. FOSTER moved to strike out "30," and
insert "40." Rejected.
The following item being under consideration:
"On crass cloth, hair cloth, hair seating, and all other
manufactures of hair, not otherwise provided for, 25 per
ceiit. ad valorem On gunny clotn, Chinese, and other floor
matting and mat-, made of flags, jute, or grass, curled hair,
moss, sea weed, and all other vegetable substances unman-
ufactured, not otherwise provided for, twenty per cent, ad
valorem. On hair, uncleansed and unmanufactured, 10 per
cent, ad valorem. On oil cloth of every description, and on
human hau*,cleaftsrd or prepared for use, SO per cent, ad va-
lorem."
Mr. TIBBATTS moved to insert after the words
" gunny cloth," " 30 per cent, ad valorem." Re-
jected. ' -
| The following item being under consideration:
! "On boot^ and shoe* of everv description, on leather
1 gloves, on all kind-of leather, and all manufactures thereof,
; not otherwise piovided for, 30 per cent, ad valoiem,"
| Mr. FOSTER moved to strike out"30" and
! insert " 50." Rejected.
i Mr. THURMAN moved to strike from the
I same item the words"*8 on all kinds of leather."
j Rejected.
j Mr. PERRY moved to strike out the whole ol
the following item:
1 " On boots and shoes of every description, on leather
, gloves, on all kinds of leather, and all manufactures thereof,
[ not otherwise provided for, 30 per cent, ad valorem. On
i skins, tanned or dressed, of all kinds, not otherwise pro-
i vided for, 20 per cent, ad valorem.5'
I The motion was rejected. " ■
