1054
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6?
ducmg the duties on imports," having been read
twice by its title—
Mr. SEVIER. moved that it be printed and made
the special order of the day for Monday next at
twelve o'clock.
Mr. EVANS expressed a hope that it would be ;
referred to the appropriate committee—the Com- i
xnittee on Finance. !
Mr. SEVIER adverted to the fact that one of '
the members of that committee [Mr. Speight] had j
gone to North Carolina, and might not return du- i
ring the present session. The committee, there- 1
fore, being equally divided, could hardly be expect- 1
cd to agree upon a report in case the bill were ;
referred. .
Mr. EVANS observed that the same objection ,
rvusht apply to the leference of all other business ;
to the committee, and they might as well be dis- '
cliai scd at once from all other business. :
Mr. AIOREHEAD said he believed it was the
first tune that such a motion had ever been pre- !
sented to the Senate^—a motion to make a bill of j
this magnitude the special order for a particular
day without first undergoing examination by a
committee—a bill embracing hundreds of items, J
all of which, or at least a \ery large number of!
winch, requited the most nnnute investigation, j
He tuisfed that the Senate was not about to set 1
such a precedent as this. He trusted they were i
not <roing to allow a matter of this importance, a j
nutter m wliu.li the whole country was deeply in- 1
terested, to be made the order of the day without j
going through the oidinary channels to which even
the most unimportant measures of legislation were J
subjected. What was it that rendered so summa- !
ry a pioceeding necessary? It was not one of those
every day measures which might be presented to
the consideration of the Senate without any exami-
nation. O11 the contrary, it was a measure which
was about to revolutionize the country to its very !
foundation. Not to be referied to a committee ! ;
Why, (said Air. AL,") I ti ust the Senate will see at ,
once the necessity of going through the ordinary j
course. If one of the members of the Finance j
Committee be absent, as suggested by my friend '
opposite, why, his place should be supplied. If
the reference is to be dispensed with in this in-
stance, the committee miejit as well be discharged
from the further consideration of every subject that
can ari^e.
Mr. SEVIER said he thought the Senator from I
Kentucky iniiiiit \ery well imagine a u asun for1
> having tins matter disposed of as speedily as pos- ;
g 1M<■*. The Senator had for many weeks; past been '
urgently endeavoring to fix an early day for the
ad journmeutof Congress. He had invariably voted
fui the jcsolution naming the eailiest day.
Mr. MOREHEAD. "Invariably.
Air. SEVIER. And yet the Senator was desi-
rous of procrastinating the proceedings of the Sen-
ate noon this bill.
Mr. MOREHEAD. Not at all.
AIi. SEVIER. If this question of the tariff
were a new question, and there was the remotest
piobability that a single Senator would change his
opinion or his vote in consequence of any exami-
nation he might bestow upon it, there might be
some reason for delay. But there was no such
probability; and it was desirable that they should
set this matter disposed of as soon as possible, so
that they might adjourn. Fie was desirous of
gratifying his friends opposite, by giving them an
opportunity if they felt disposed to make speeches
upon the subject. The Senator had slated that
there were hundreds of items in the bill to be
examined. Did the Senator suppose that it would
be m the power of the committee to examine and
report upon all these items 5 This matter of refer-
ring subjects of this kind was but a modern move-
ment. But if he supposed that any good would
be done by referring it, he would offer no opposi-
tion to its reference. They had struggled hard
against fixing a day for adjournment m order that
this matter might first be disposed of. And now
that they had got the bill, they were disposed to
act promptly, so that no time should be unneces-
sarily wasted. The Committee on Finance was
now, in consequence of the absence of the Senator
from A^ississippi, equally divided. His friend
from ATaine, [Air. Evast%] who was a member of
that committee, was a formidable combatant, as
well as the Senator from Maryland, [Mr. John-
son;] and the probability was that they would
have considerable difficulty in getting the bill bark
from the committee. He thought the better way
1 would be, their time being short, to fix upon an
i early day for the discussion of the subject, and let
> the biii be printed, and the details be examined by
| Senators in their seats without reference to the
j committee at all.
j Mr. ALLEN said the necessity for the motion
1 made by his honorable friend from Arkansas grew
j out of the unavoidable absence of a member of
! the Committee on Finance, whose absence put it
1 out of the power of the committee to make any
report whatever. It was a well-known fact that
the remaining gentlemen who composed that com-
mittee, four in number, were equally divided in
opinion upon the fundamental principles involved
m this bill; and that, therefore, it would be impos-
sible to obtain from the committee any report
whatever, except the fact that they were unable to
agree.
Air. MANGUM suggested that the vacancy
in the committee might easily be filled.
Air. ALLEN continued. He spoke of the fact
as it now existed. He was in favor of the motion
of the Senator from Arkansas. He was in favor
of fixing an early day for taking up this great
question. He did not remember any single ses-
sion of the Senate sincc he had been conversant
with public business when so many deeply inter-
esting questions were crowded within so short a
remnant of the session, it could not be supposed
that they would remain in session more than a very
few weeks longer; and upon the Senate during
those few remaining weeks rested the responsi-
bility of passing not only the tariff, but the sub-
treasury, the warehouse bill, the bill for the gradu-
ation of the price of the public lands, as well as
the bill which recent events had rendered necessary
for the government of our territory lying upon
the border of the Pacific. AH these extraordinary
measures, as well as much of the ordinary business
of the session, remained to be done. No measure
could !>e more important than one which related to
taxation. Tins great measure, winch had divided
the opinions of the public so long, was thrown
into the group of measures which were now thrust
upon tlnTSenate at this late period, when, neces-
sarily, very few weeks of the session remain.
For these reasons it did seem to him that the very
safety of this bill must depend upon the speedy
and prompt action of the Senate upon it. If it
should be referred to the committee, they could do
1 no more, than propose to amend it. And this
mi^ht be done by Senators on either side of the
! Chamber. A reference of the bill at this time
1 would, he thought, be equivalent to a defeat of the
i measure. That was his idea upon the subject.
I Air. HUNTINGTON said he had uniformly
' voted for the resolution fixing the day for the ad-
I journment of Congress, on the supposition that all
1 the business could be disposed of within the time
| originally proposed. And the gentlemen who were !
, now su desirous that this bill should not be lefer-
; red to the committee had, almost all of them, if
! not all, opposed that resolution. Now, this bill,
; (said Mr. H.,) which proposes to alter your whole
i system of collecting duties on imports, which pro-
, poses to introduce an entirely new system, to sub-
; stitutead valorem in the place of specific duties,
embracing hundreds of items, it is proposed shall
i be discussed by the Senate without any previous
: examination by a committee cither of its principles
or details. This was an unusual, an extraordinary
proceeding,and calculated to keep from the Senate
. what they ought to know, and what, if the com-
mittee were to do their duty, they would know.
! What does the bill profess to be ' A bill to raise
' revenue, to raise revenue for a state of war. when
the expenses of the Government are from three to
five hundred thousand dollars a day. And sup-
' pose that war continues any great length of time,
j what, will be the eifec* ? i submit to the Senate
; whether, in oidmajy times, and under ordinary
circumstances, they would not think it expedient
; that such a bill as this should undergo the exami-
' nation of a committee: But what are the leasons
assigned why we should in this ca"sc be deprived
of the benefit of the investigation of a committer '
"Why, in the first place, that it will piolong the ses-
sion. Hut if gentlemen considera bill of this kind
so important for the interests of the country, why
1 should not time be taken for proper deliberation?
But it is said by the Senator from Ohio that we
have other important measures to attend to. Is
that a reason that this bill, of all others, should not
receive the same attention which all others have
received? Is the Senate to be told now'that, be-
cause these important measures are pending before
this body, another measure, infinitely more impor-
tant to the interests of the country, is to be stifled ?
Why, there is so much the more reason that it
should have its reference. But the Senator from
Ohio says it is useless to refer it. Useless? Why,
sir? Because, he says, the members of the com-
mittee are equally divided, in consequence of the
absence of the Senator from Mississippi. Well,
if the committee is not full, nothing is more, easy
than to make it so. I will venture to say that 011
this side of the house no objection will be made to
filling the vacancy in the committee. If this be a
sufficient reason for withholding this bill from the
committee, you had better, as was remarked by
the Senator from Maine, disband your committee
at once. You had better not let them have any-
thing to do with any of the great financial ques-
tions. I want to know from that committee how
they think this measure is going to affect the great
interests of the country. ' You are about to changc
your entire revenue system, although it is only
about three years since you passed a tariff law
which has replenished your treasury; and I want
to know whether the plan which you are going to
substitute will not have the effect of making it
bankrupt. It is not only due to the Senate, but to
the country, every portion of which will be mate-
rially affectcd by this bill, if it becomcs a law, that
we should be furnished with the information we
require regarding it, before being called upon to give
it our sanction.
Mr. MANGUM said the reasons assigned for
not giving this bill the ordinary direction were,
first, the accidental circumstance of the committee
not being complete; and, secondly, that it was de-
sirable that the action of the Senate should be had
upon the bill, in order that the adjournment might
take place at as early a period as possible. In the
latter proposition he concurred, and he was dis-
posed to do whatever might be done without detri-
ment to the public business, to bring the session
to a close at the earliest possible period. In regard
to the first, he would say, the committee might be
filled temporarily. He would himself move, if no
other Senator did so, that the Chair fill the vacancy
temporarily. He could assure gentlemen that there
was no purpose on this side to procrastinate and
prolong debate upon this subject, or to defer the
final action of the Senate—none. But of all the
bills that came before the Senate, it seemed to him
there was none which so necessarily required the
examination of a committee. Although no vote
might be changed in that body, it was important
that the country should have the information which
would be clicited. He supposed that tho com-
mittee, if authorized to sit during the sittings of
the Senate each day, might report by Monday
next, or even sooner. That would depend on the
energy and the industry of the committee. It
seemed to him, I10 we\ er, that this bill, if it became
a law, (as it was apparent, from the declaration of
the Senator from Arkansas, that he felt quite sure
! it would,) will work an entire revolution in the
| system of collecting revenue in the United States,
i And at a period like this, was this a small matter?
I j It seems to me (continued Air. AL) that if I were
.i occupying the position"of the honorable Senator
I from Arkansas in regard to this bill-, desirous as
:• he is that this mode of taxation, proposed now for
[j the first time in this country, should be adopted
|| and carried into practice; it seems to me, I say,
II that I should be desirous, first, that it should un-
}| dergo a thorough investigation, in order to satisfy
;i the country, as he himself is satisfied, that the
,< revolution is to be effected upon sound principles.
:j As to the prolongation of the session for a few
'' days, it is, m my humble judgment, a matter of
utter insignificance compared with the profound
feeling of anxiety which prevails in regard to this
experimental measure. Those who are supposed
:: to be benefited by the system as it now stands,
I ought to be put in possession of the arguments and
pi oofs in favor of the change. It is well known
that this bill passed through the other body under
the operation of the gag-law; very few of the ques-
' tions involved in it have undergone detailed exami-
. nation. And I hope, therefore, that the Senate
will act in a spirit that is due to itself and with
proper deference and respect to the feelings of the
country. I hope the bill will be suffered to go to
the committee; and, if so? I will move at'once that
