1058
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
upon any of the said land* shall have the rurht of piccmp-
tion at such graduated or reduced prices, winch light shall
extend to a peiiod of six months from and al'tPi tin* dates at
which the respective graduation* «lialJ take plncc ; and any
land not entered by the re-pective occupants or settlors
■within that period, shall be liable to be entered or purchased
by any other person until th<- next graduation or reduction
in price shall take place, when it .-hall, it not previous-ly
purchased, be again subject to th® right of preemption for
six months, as bsfoie, and so on from time to time as said
reduction shall take place: Provided, That nothing in tins
act contained shall be construed to interfere with any light
winch has accrued or mav acciuo by vntue of any act gtant-
idjj preemptions to actual settlers upon the public land*.
Sec. -1. Jlnd be it further mactcd, That all act-* and parts
of acts a* piovuic for an exemption fiom the imposition of
taxes upon land -sold hj the United States foi live joais 
ijom and after the day of sale, be, and the same are hereby,
repealed.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON moved to amend the
amendment by striking out the latter clause of the
first section of said amendment—providing for the
cession of the public lands at a certain period to
the States in winch they lie. He submitted this
amendment for the purpose of testing the sense of
the Senate upon the principle of ceding the public
lands to the States in whicii they lie, and asked the
yeas and nays upon said amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
[A message in writing was received from the
President of the Lnited States,]
On this question a very protracted debate en-
sued, which lasted until a late hour, and in which
Messis. BENTON, CALHOUN, JOHN M.
CLAYTON,_ CRITTENDEN, CREESE, and
others, participated; when
On motion of Mr. HUNTINGTON, the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, July 6, 1846.
The Journal of Friday was read.
Mr. DODGE asked leave to present the consti-
tution of fowa.
Mr. McGrAUGHEY moved to amend the Jour-
nal by insetting the following. On the fourth page
of the first sheet, after the words, so the House
refused to reconsider said vote,*' insert—
" The question was then put, Shall salt be insetted in the
schedule of articles free of duty? and the yeas and nays hav-
ing been ordered by one-fifth of the member present, were
taken, and the result was announced by the Speaker, as fol-
lows : yeas 105, nays 104. And the Hpeaker further announced
that the vote was decided in the ninrmfitivo,and diieeted the
Clerk to read the next amendment; when
Mr. Dromgoole ro-^e and a-^ked, w heth^r the speaker's
vut< would «. h<ui«o the ic-ult? Tito Hpr, ker icphed th.it it
had not at the moment occutifd to him Tb, l hi-, vore wmid
ehanse the icsult; but hi- attention having been called to
the slate of the vote, he >hould \ote m t'ie nep.itive ; winch
made the division e<jual, and thoieby the i]uurUion was lo&t
and the amendment was not agreed to. '
aA motion was made by Mr. Jknkins, that the last vote
be ri'considoied. And the yeas and nays ha\inq been or-
dered on said motion by one-fifth of the members present
the Clerk proceeded to call the toll ; but befoie the call was
completed, upon a reexamination of the la<t-menuoned
vote, it wa« ascertained that an ciror had been made m
adding the last vote, and that the actual vote was—veas JO.),
najs li)fJ—as follows: Those who voted in the afimuanve
are, —; those who voted in the negative aie. —
[llere follows the vote heretofore published j
<*^o 'salt' was added to the schedule of articles free of
dut>."
The SPEAKER. The Speaker states that this
is a motion to insert on the Journal what transpired
in this House before the error was detected, to
which the Chair called attention at the time. The
Chair rules the amendment to be out of order for
two reasons: First, because no matter is ever en-
tered on the Journal that is in itself a nullity. The
Chair further rules the amendment out of order,
because the point was not made at the time the
Chair gave its decision.
The Speaker will further state, that, as an indi-
vidual member, he would prefer that the amend-
ment should be entered on the Journal; but, as the
presiding officer of the House, he is obliged to rule
it out of order.
Mr. McGA TIGHEY, as he desired (he said) to
have the motion placed on the Journal, appealed
from the decision of the Chair. And, after briefly
sustaining his motion, he asked the yeas and nays,
which were ordered.
And the question being on the appeal,
Mr. ASHMUN requested the Speaker to state
whether the Speaker agreed that the state of facts,
as set forth in the amendment, was the true state?
The SPEAKER said that so far as he had ex-
amined, it was so.
Some conversation followed, in which Mewr*
GEORGE S. HOUSTON, ASHMUN, mil',
COBB, DROMGOOLE. McGAUGHEY, and the
SPEAKER, participated. '
Mr. COBB then moved that the appeal be laid
on the table.
Mr. DIXON asked the yeas and nays on that
motion, which were ordered.
And the roll having been called,
Mr. GENTRY rose to inquire of the Speaker
i whether the proceedings of this morning would be
entered on the Journal ?
The SPEAKER said he would decide that ques-
tion at the proper time.
The result of the vote was then announced as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Bayly, Redinger, Ben-
ton, Biggs, James IJlack, James A. Black, Bowhn, Boyd,
Bruikeihotf, Brockcnhrough, William G. Brown, Burt,
Cathcart, Ohn-?e, Chipman, Clarke, Cobb, Collin, Cullom,
Daniel, Dargan, Garrett Davis, DeMott, Dillingham,Dobbin,
Dromgoole, Punlap, Edsall, Ellsworth, Erdman. Fickhn,
Gordon, Gro\ er, Hamlin, JfainnuiMm, Henley, Floge, Hop-
kins, Geoiije H. Houston, Hunsrorford, James B. Hunt, Jen-
kins, Janice II. Johnson, Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson,
Gporjje W. Jones, Kaufman, Kennedy, Leake, McClelland,
BU-C'lernand, Joseph J. McDowell, James McDowell, Mc-
Kav, John P. Martin, Bat kley Martin, Morris, Morse,
Moulton, Nisei), Norns, Parrish, Phelps, PilkJiuiy, Rath-
bun, Heid, lielfe, Hittei, Saw telle, Sauvei, Scarninon, Sned-
don, Leonard II. Sim«, Simpson, Thomas Smith, Robert
Smith. Stanton, Stirkweather, St. John, Sykes, James
Thompson. Jacob Thompson, Tibbatts,Tredway, Wheaton,
Wick, Williams, Woodward, and Yancey—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Arnold, Ashmun, Barrmjjer,-
Bell, Blanehard, Brodhead, Milton Brown, Buffimrton,
John. II. Campbell, Cocke, Ciam-ton, Crozier, 'Delano,
Dlyou, I)< eknvy, John H Bwin<i. Foot, Gentry, Giddings,
Glider, Giinnell Hampton. Ehas B. Holmes, John W. Hous-
ton, Hud-on. Wa&hingtoii Hunt, Joseph II. Ineersoll, Darnel
P. Kins, Leib, Lewinj Lon$, McGauffhey, Mc.Henry, Mose-
Ie\, Pendleton, Pollock, Ramsey, Julius Rockwell, Root,
Scl'.enck, Sevetanee, Caleb B. Smith, Stewart, Stiohm,
Tlul'odeaux, Tilden, 'J'rumbo, Vance, Vinton, White, and
Wmthrop—-"(O.
So the appeal was laid on the table.
The Journal was then approved.
A PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. BlilNKERUOFF asked leave to make a
personal explanation. There was objection.
Mr. G. DAVIS hoped the committees would be
called for reports.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF claimed the right to make
his explanation as a privilege.
The SPEAKER said it -had been customary to
suffer these explanations to' be made, but not as a
matter of privilege.
Mr. BRINlvERHOFF moved to suspend the
rule.*.
The question was put, and the. rules were sus-
pended.
Mr. BRFNTvETUIOFF then read a written no-
tice of ccrtain articles in the Union, and also cer-
tain remarks formerly made by Mr. Wick.
Further explanations were given by Mr. WICK
and Mr. RATHBTJN.
Mr. WASHINGTON HUNT also wished to
explain; but, the House being weary of this sort
of personal altercation and reflection, manifested
; strong objection to granting leave. j
j Mr. HUNT said he had only wished to say a
| woid or two, which he also had reduced to writing,
j as follows:
; " When members «tnke for higher \va<rec,
| And claim moie pay and rations,
1 They damn themselves for future aces
Beyond all pen^ud ecrplrtnaiions!^ [A laugh.]
CONSTITUTION OF IOWA.
Mr. DODGE presented the Constitution adopt-
ed bv a Convention of Delegates of the people of
the Territory of Iowa, held in the city of Iowa in
the month of May, 1846, for the State of Iowa,
when admitted into the Union as one of the States
of the United States. Laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
PRINTING FOR CONGRESS.
Mr. HENLEY said that he had for a longtime
been desirous to make a report reducing the rates
of public printing, and providing for letting it out
by contract. 1-Ie now asked leave to make a re-
port, and to have it printed.
Mr. BRODHEAD inquired whether resolutions
were not this day in order?
The SPEAKER answered affirmatively. But
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Henley] had
asked leave to introduce a joint resolution.
Objection was made.
On motion of Mr. HENLEY, the rules were
suspended; and Mr. H. introduced a joint resolu-
tion concerning the printing of Congress; which
was read twice by its title, - . -:
On motion of Mr. H.,the joint resolution was
referred to the Committee ©{"the "Whole on the
state of the Union, ordered to be printed, and made
the special order for Monday next.
• Mr, G. DAVIS, (the rules being suspended,)
from the select committee, to which was referred
the resolution from the Senate regulating the print-
ing of Congress, and establishing the compensa-
tion for the same, reported the same without
amendment.
The resolution having been read twice,
The SPEAKER announced that the, question
would be on its third reading.
Mr. BENTON, from the same select committee,
by leave, submitted the views of a minority of that
committee, and also.a joint resolution directing the
manner of procuring the printingfor the two Houses
of Congress, as an amendment to the said resolu-
tion from the Senate.
Mr. G. DAYIS spoke in support of the joint
resolution from the Senate.
Mr. HENLEY made some remarks, partly in,
reply to Mr. Davis, and partly in explanation and
support of the plan which he himself had reported.
And he suggested that the joint resolution from the
Senate should be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the stete of the Union, to whom the
other joint resolution had been referred. - ,
Mr. McKAY urgently enforced the 'latter sug-
gestion, so that the whole matter might be consid-
ered together on the day for which Mr. Henley's
joint resolution had been made the special order.
Mr. BAYLY replied to Mr. Davis, (yielding
the floor for the purpose of explanation to several
members,) and especially denying that the,right
had been reserved to reduce the compensation of
the public printers by an act having a re.trospective
operation. He was perfectly willing the subject
of public printing should be acted upon; but he was
satisfied, from the best information, that a great
delusion existed in relation to the profits on" this
work. Mr. B. concluded by calling- for the read-
ing of a letter from Mr. John C. Rives, and also
an explanation from the foreman of the li Union"
office, on the subject.
Mr, G. DAVIS, from the select committee ap-
pointed on the 3d day of December last, to <c in- -
quire'whether any, and what* change can be made
in the present mode of executing the printing of
Congress/' made a report thereon in writing.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the joint resolution
was referred to the same Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, to whom the joint reso-
lution from the Senate had been referred.
And, on the suggestion of Mr. DROMGOOLE,
the reports of the majority and minority were laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Which motion, after some difficulty about a
quorum, was agreed to.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Fxck-
lin, of Illinois, in the chair.)
GRADUATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. McCLERNAND, the com-
mittee proceeded to the consideration of the follow-
ing bill:
A BILL to reduce and graduate the price of the public lands
to actual seUleis and cultivators.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United State* of Jhnericu in Cental ess aj&cinbled, That
all the lands of the United State? whieh shall have been in
market for ten or more than ten years-prior to the time of
application to enter the same under the provisions of this
act, and still remaining unsold, shall be subject to sale at
the price of one dollar pei acre. And all of the lands'of
the United States which shall have been in market for fif-
teen or more than fifteen jears, as aforesaid, and still
remaining unsold, shall he subject to sale at the price of
seventy-five cents per aeie. And all the lands of the United
States which shall have been in market for twenty or more
than twenty yems, as aforesaid, and still remaining unsold,
shall be subject to bale at the price of fifty cents per acre.
And all of the lands of the United States which shall have
been in market for twenty-five or more than twenty-fiver
years, as aforesaid, and still remaining unsold, shall be sub-
ject to sale at the price of twenty-five cents per acre. "And
all of the lands of the United States which shall have been
in market at the passage of this act, or any time thereafter,
for any peiiod of thirty oi move than thirty years, and still
remaining unsold, shall be, and the same are hereby, ceded
and forever absolutely vested in the States respectively in. •
which they lie. •
Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted, That every person ap-
plying to enter any of the aforesaid lands of die United "
