1062
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
tion, with the other great issues in that contest.
The President, true to the popular will, thus
solemnly expressed, at the earliest oppoitumty [
brought to the attention of Congress all the great
issues in the contest, with a hearty recommenda-
tion in their support.
Texas has been annexed, and is now represent-
ed upon this floor. Oregon has been settled, and
settled without blood, and our fellow-citizens in
that distant land rendered secure in their persons
and possessions. And though we did not get all
that many of us claimed, yet we brought England
up to the standard of our ancient demand, and \
thereby, to some extent, secured a diplomatic
triumph. The independent treasury, one of the
reforms demanded by the people, has already, by a
triumphant majority, passed this House, and is
destined to become the law of the land. The tariff
reform, one of the greatest acts of the age, and
destined to hft millions of unnecessary and unjust
burdens from the people, has also in its turn tii-
umphed before this House. The four fust great
acts in the political drama have been passed, victo-
riously passed. What Democrat i* piepared to
make a stumbling-block of the fifth? The Admin-
istration has been eminently successful in carrying
out its pledges before the people. Pour out of five
of the great issues upon which it was pledged, has
received the approval of this House by unexam-
pled majorities; add but the fifth and last, and ren-
der complete the crowning act of its i^lory.
Miv BRODHEAD next obtained the floor, and
moved that the committee rise, in order to offer a
resolution for the final adjoiirnment of Congress
on the 3d of August next. He did this with no
desire to delay the action upon this bill; it was
now first in order, and would be before the com-
mittee when they next sat. This was a day when
resolutions were in order; and at no other time
could the resolution be offered without a vote of
two-thirds.
Some conversation occurred between Messrs.
THOMPSON of Mississippi, BRODHEAD, am!
HOUSTON,when Mr.B. wanted his motion, with
the understanding (he said) that the resolution
would be received upon the rising of the commit-
tee.
Mr. R, SMITH was proceeding to advocate the
bill, when
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, rose and
suggested to his friend to allow the question to be
taken. He saw no opposition to the bill; and he
proposed now to take the vote.
Mr. VINTON gave notice that there would be
opposition to it.
Mr. ROBTRT SMITH, of Illinois, having ob-
tained the floor, said that the protracted length of
the session, the many important measures yet to
be acted on, and the great anxiety he felt to bring
the business of the session speedily to a close, ad-
monished him to be very brief in his remarks upon
the bill now under consideration. At the last ses-
sion of Congress he urged upon the House the im-
portance of graduating and reducing the price of
the public lands to the actual settler and cultivator;
and he could not let this opportunity pass without
again urging the justice of this measure. Mr. S.
said it had long been a favorite measure with him,
that of making every freeman who would cultivate
the soil a freeholder, and to secure to him land
enough to enable him to support himself and those
dependent upon him for a living. The first reso-
lution he had introduced on taking his seat as a
member of Congress, was to instruct the Committee
on Public Lands to inquire into the expediency of
reporting a bill granting (under certain restrictions)
to each head of a family eighty acres of land. That
quantity was not liberal enough, m his opinion, to
the cultivator of the soil; and he would then have
voted cheerfully for twice that amount; but he
feared to ask for more lest he should get nothing,
for those who were destitute of land and were
unable to buy. He acted upon the principle that
li half a loaf (to a hungry man) was better than no
bread." The proposition did not at that time
meet with much favor in the House. He was,
however, rejoiced to see that a more liberal spirit
was extending all over this Union in relation to the
disposition of the public domain; that more just
and enlightened views were being entertained in
- regard to that large and highly respectable class of
-four citizens who cultivate the soil, the men on
^^whose shoulders our political fabric stands, and
-•awiio are emphatically the right arm of our defence.
! He hoped and trusted that the day was not far dis-
' tont when every man in this land, who would labor
upon and cultivate the earth, would be furnished
with a reasonable quantity by our Government,
i (if unable to buy,) withouttnone*/and'vpithout;>?'ice.
j The bill now under consideration didnot (said Mr.
I S.) effect, or propose to effect, this object; but it
was a more favorable and just bill to the new States
than any which had ever before been introduced
into this House with any prospect of it^ being
passed into a law.
The President of the United States and the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, had strong-
ly recommended the graduation and reduction of
! the price of the public lands. They deserved and
{ would receive the thanks of thousands of the hard-
' laboring and meritorious cultivators of the soil, for
: their very liberal, just, and statesmanlike exposi-
i tions of the true policy of flic Government in re-
' gard to the disposition of the public lands. No
j unprejudiced mind could rend the message of the
' President, nnd the very full and lucid report of
Judge Shields, and for a moment doitbt but that it
was the policy of Congress to pass the bill under
consideration. If it should become a law, it would
enable thousands to become the owners of land
who are now tenants-nt-will to the'wealthy and
aristocratic landlord. It would be the means in
many cases of dispensing comfort and happiness
to thousands who are now ground down with pov-
erty and wretchedness, and had no courage to
struggle against the ills of life which the working
classes were destined to encounter; and aside from
the merited blessings it would confer on so many
of our patriotic citizens, who at an early day pen-
etrated the wilderness, inhabited only by the red
man, and whose labors and toil had caused that
vast wilderness to " blossom like the rose," it
would (said Mr. Smith) be a matter of policy to
the Government to reduce the price to the actual
settler of the lands which hnd been long in market,
and remained unsold. It certainly needed no ar-
gument to demonstrate that the best lands would
always hefnst se^ected^ and that third or fourth
rate lands, which had been in market twenty 01
thirty years, would not. sell at the same price as the
best lands first purchased. It would be unjust in
the Government to demand if. Policy and justice
both called upon the Government to fix the price
according to value. The lands would th'en sell;
the Government would receive its value into the
treasury: and the States would be benefited by
having the lands improved; as they would draw
revenue from them, to aid in keeping tip and sus-
taining the general interests of their respective
States.
Mr. S. said the justice and the policy of grad-
uating and reducing the price of the "public lands
was so apparent to every one who was familiar
with the subject, that it was the wonder and aston-
ishment of the settlers of the new States that this
desirable object had not been accomplished long
before this time; and while he did not for a mo-
ment doubt the patriotism of the members of the
House, he could not attribute the repeated failures
of so many similar bills to any other cause than to
the fact that very few who cultivated the soil with
their own hands held seats in either branch of Con-
gress, to vote upon these measures. Sir, (said Mr.
S.,) no man who has not " earned his bread by the
sweat of his brow," in tilling the soil, knows how
hard it is to dig from the earth the means where-
i with to support a family, to say nothing of laying
I aside money to purchase the land of the Govern-
; ment, even at §1 25 per acre, for the first choice and
1 bestlands. Gentlemenshouldbcarin mind that theie
' was a wide difference between the amount received
'j by the farmer for his labor and that received by pro-
'i fepsional gentlemen for their services. It required
! | a whole year of hard labor of the farmer to earn
:: what the professional man earned frequently in a
li single hour. Mr. S. said it was not his intention
i! to make invidious comparisons, or to array one class
|! of our citizens against another. He deprecated all
sectional and local jealousies; and he hoped and
trusted gentlemen would dulvconsider the import-
ance of the passage of this bill to the great agricul-
tural community of this nation, and act in a spirit of
generous liberality becoming enlightened statesmen
of a free and independent Republic. He entreated
gentlemen to fancy themselves turned out upon the
cold charities of the world, and left with no other
means of support than to earn their bread by cul-
tivating the soil; and if they could bring their
minds to the sober reality of such a condition, his
word for it, they would consider it hard enough to
support themselves by that means, even if the land
was given to them. Mr. S, contended that the
great object of all governments should be to pro-
mote the prosperity and happiness of the whole
people; and to effect this object substantially,.great
care should be taken, in framing our laws, to pre-
vent and check monopolies' of all kinds, but more
especially Imd monopolies. In a monarchical gov-
ernment it might be tolerated; but in a free gov-
ernment like ours it ought not to be countenanced
or suffered to exist. The President, in his Annual
Message, had strongly recommended the gradua-
tion and reduction 6f the price of the public lands,
and he would give an extract from that document:
" Under our present land system, limiting the minimum
price at which the public lands can be enteied to 25 per
acre, large quantities of lands of inferior quality remain un-
sold, because thev will not .command that price. From the
records of the General Land Office it appeals, that, of the
public lands remaining unsold m the several States and
Territories in which tiiey are s-ituated, 39,105,577 acres have
been in the market subject to entiy more than twenty years;
49,638.644 acres for more than fifteen years; 73,074,600
acres for more than ten years; and 108,176.961 acres for
more than five yeah?. Much the largest portion of these
lands -will continue to be unsaleable at the minimum price
at which they are permitted to be sold, so long as large
territories of lands from which the more valuable portions
have not been selected are annually brought into maiket
bv the Government. With the view to the sale and settle-
ment of these inferior lands, I recommend that the price be
graduated and reduced below the present minimum rate,
confining the sales at the reduced prices to settlers and
cultivators, in limited quantities If graduated and reduced
in price for a limited term to one dollar per acre, and, after
the expuation of that period, for a second and a third term
to lower rates, a large portion of these lands would be pur-
chased, and many worthy citizens, who are unable to pay
higher rates, could purchase homes for themselves and their
families. By adopting the policy of graduation and reduc-
tion of price, these inferior lands will be sold for their real
value, while the States in which they lie will be freed from
thp inconvenience, if not injustice, to which they are sub-
jected, in consequence of the United States continuing to
own large quantities of public lands within their borders not
liable to taxation for the suppoit of their local governments.
"I recommend the continuance of the policy of granting
pre-emptions, in its most-liberal extent, to all those who
have settled, or may hereafter settle, on the public lands,
whether surveyed or unsuiveycd, to which the Indian title
may have been extinguished at the time of settlement. It
has been found by experience that, in consequence of com-
binations of purchasers and other causes, a very small quan-
tity of the public land?, when sold at public auction, eom-
mands aiiigher price than the minimum rate established by
law. The settlers on the public lands are, however, but
rarely able to secure their homes and improvements at the
public sates at that rate; because these combinations, by
means of the capital they command, and their superior
ability to purchase, render it impossible for the settler to
compete with them in the market By putting down all
competition, these combinations of capitalists and specula-
tors are usually onabl'Ml to purchase the lands, including the
impiovemfnts of the settleis, at the minimum price of the
Government, and eithei turn them out of theirhomes,or ex-
tort fiorn them, according to ilieir ability to pay, double or
quadruple the amount paid for them to the Government. It
i-3 to the enterprise and perseverance of the hardy pioneers of
the West, who penetrate the wilderness with their families,
suffer the dangers, the privations, and hardships attending
the settlement of a new country, and prepare the way for
the body of emigrants who, in the course of a few years,
usually follow them, that we are, in a great degree, in-
debted for the rapid extension and aggrandizement of our
counttv.
" Experience ha* proved that no portion of our population
are more patriotic than the hardy and brave men of the fron-
tier. or more ready to obev the call of their country, and to
defend her rights and her honor, whenever and by whatever
enemy assailed. They should be protected from the gra<?p-
j ing speculator, and secured, nt the minimum price of the
' public lands, in the humble homes which thev have im-
i proved by their labor. With tins end in view, all vexatious
or unnecessary restrictions imposed upon them by the ex-
• i*tmg pre-emption laws should be repealed or modified. It
is the true policy of the Government to afford facilities to its
citizens to become the owners of small portions of our vast
! public domain at low and moderate rates."
! Mr. S. said he thought the views expressed by
j the Executive on this question should have some
' weight with the members of the House in favor of
i-graduation and reduction. The President was the
| proper guardian of the rights and interests of the
whole Union—of the old as well as the new States;
and in his recommendations he could not be influ-
enced by any local or sectional feelings, but recom-
mended what he believed would best promote the
true interests of the country. The great difficulty
in the proper and just disposition of the public
lands arose from a mistaken and erroneous opinion
of the value of them by gentlemen who were not
personally or practically acquainted with their
value. He f?aid gentlemen from the old States
looked upon the public lands as a vast treasure from
which the national treasury was to be filled, or the
States to be made rich by the distribution of the
proceeds of the sales. This was all wrong. The
