1072
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9.
Mr. ASHMUN was understood to inquire if it
had not been made a party question by the Exec-
utive ?
Mr. HENLEY. The Democratic Executive
recommended it. The Executive recommended it
as a great measure of public policy—not as a party
measure, but for the good of the country. If sus-
tained by the Democratic party, and opposed by
the Whigs, it becomes a pavty measure—a Demo-
cratic measure to sell the lands for what they are
worth, and a Whig measure to sell them for more
than thev are worth. And what will be the effect
of it? With all our hard fighting in the West, we
saved the State of Indiana from Mr. Clay because
of his hostility to the preemption system. That
had now gone by, and this reduction and gradua-
tion of the prices of the lands would take the place
of it; and on that issue, if carried into the contest,
they would certainly defeat the Whigs there again
in 1848. He gave them notice of it, for he did not
want to make this a party question; and he called
upon them to come up and agree to its settlement
on a fair and reasonable basis. There were some
twenty or thirty millions of acres not worth, and
that never would be worth, §1 25 an acre; and if
you insist that they shall be sold at that price, your
constituents and th'e couutry will hold you respon-
sible for it.
Mr. H. proceeded to refer to the fact that this
reduction of the lands, which were now too high,
was not to be made for the wealthy, but for the
sake of furnishing the poor man with a home—the
right of freehold—-a little of the eminent domain to
live upon; and there was nothing in the world (lie
said) which lies nearer the heart of our people—of
our western pioneers, the hardy sons of the West
—than to get a little spot of land to live on. The
gentleman from Massachusetts, and other gentle-
men around him who acknowledged it was not
worth it, still insisted that for this homestead he
should pay one dollar and a quarter per acre, or
be excluded from it, and the land be left without
cultivation.
It was no disparagement (Mr. H. contended) to
say that there were many of the settlers of the
West who were notable to purchase forty acres at
one dollar and a quarter an acre. He described
the hardy toil, the persevering industry, and un-
ceasing labors and hardships they are compelled to
go through to earn even one hundred dollars a
year; and from this was in many cases to be de-
ducted the expenses of large families. The worthy
pioneer thus situated could not pay out of his
year's earnings fifty dollars for his land; and Mr.
H. warmly deprecated the injustice and oppression
of the Government insisting upon it when the land
was actually not worth it.
He noticed the objection to reducing the price of
these refuse lands on account of the effect it was
alleged would result in reducing the price of other
good lands. He denied that this would be the
effect of it; and even granting it should, the
man who would refuse to give the poor man a
little homestead on that ground would take a five-
cent piece between his fingers and squeeze it out,
and pass it for ten cents. No honorable man
would show so niggardly and envious a disposi-
tion. It was a principle monstrous in all its appli-
cations, and utterly absurd and unworthy for this
country—a more natural product of the soil of
despotism.
Alluding to other objections that had been raised
to the bill, Mr. H. called upon gentlemen to mature
a bill that would suit them. Let a committee of
Whigs, even, with the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Vinton,"] and from Vermont, [Mr. Collamer,]
upon it, take the subject into consideration, and,
throwing away former prejudices and commit-
ments, exercise their own good sense upon it, and
they must report that the prices should be reduced.
He was willing to unite upon any reasonable
measure; and he called upon gentlemen now to
settle the question, and not throw it over to enter
the issues of another presidential contest. He
warned them it was useless to resist it; for right
and justice required, and the course of events
would soon bring about, a reduction of the prices
of these lands.
Mr. HAMLIN having taken the vacant seat of
Mr. Cobb, playfully remarked that, by the absence
of his friend from Georgia, he was permitted to
occupy his seat on this occasion; and he had no
doubt that were he present it would afford the gen-
tleman pleasure, as it would him (Mr, H.) gratifi-
j cation, to do the same thing. He was absent, no
I doubt, for a very good cause. I notice, by the
[ hand of the clock, it is not quite three, and "not
! quite the period which will require me to depart—
1 probably for the same good reason which has
already called ray friend from Georgia away. I
learn, in other words, that he dines at the hour of
two. The gentleman says he has gone to the Post
Office Department on business for his.constituents.
No doubt he has a good reason for being absent.
I was absent for a good reason yesterday.
Mr. H. proceeded to give the reasons which
would influence him to vote for this bill to grad-
uate the price of the public lands. He had a con-
stituency, made up of inhabitants of a border coun-
try, pioneers of a frontier settlement; he had
mingled with them some, and taken occasion to
examine their position, and he had some know-
ledge of what he believed to be the right policy in
relation to the sales of the public lands. He was
a party man, but he needed not the tocsin of party,
nor did this House need it, to call them to the sup-
port of this bill. He would raise it over, above,
and beyond all party considerations, and would
place it on the principles of justice, of eternal
equity, and of widespread and lasting benefit to
the whole country.
He should vote first for the amendment now
pending. He should vote against an unqualified
cession of these lands at any period to the States
in which they are located. The gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Dromgoole") proposes that ata cer-
tain period in future we shall grant them to the
States fora nominal consideration. Mr. H. thought
it would be better to leave this question to be de-
cided by Congresses that should come after them.
He assumed, first, that our public lands had
about paid for themselves; that the receipts from
them were about equal to the expenses in extin-
guishment of Indian titles, surveys, &c. He knew
that the gentleman from Illinois would probably
tell him that they had yielded already a net revenue
of several millions, and that other gentlemen might
say they had not quite paid for themselves. But it
was nearly enough the fact to assume that the re-
ceipts and expenditures connected with them were
equally balanced.
The General Government, then, is presented in
the character of a great landholder., He agreed
with the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens]
that they were held in trust for the benefit of all
the States, and all the people of the States—to be
disposed of so as should best comport with the
good of the whole nation together. The gentle-
man , if he understood him aright, was for distribu-
tion of their proceeds as the mode of administering
them. To this Mr. H. was vitally opposed, and
ever should be. He adverted to its tendency of
centralization and consolidation, and expressed
the hope that the day would be far distant when
the States, broken down and degraded in the dust,
should be seen coming up to the general treasury,
and humbly asking for their distributive share of
the proceeds of the lands—forgetful that for every
dollar thus received they must be assessed two dol-
lars; thus involving a loss by the expenses of col-
lection, &c., equal to the amount received back by
them. He never would vote for it; it was one of
the worst systems of legislation which could be
adopted. Its effects were not only thus deleterious
in the extreme, but it was a system in direct viola-
tion of the Constitution.
In reply to an inquiry of Mr. Stf.phf.ws—if he
would give the lands to the States—Mr. H. said he
had objections equally well founded, equally strong,
to this; he could see no distinction between dis-
tributing the lands among the several States, and
the proceeds of those lands.
In reply to a further inquiry by Mr. S.—if the
old States should not be equal recipients with the
new States of the benefits of those lands—he said:
If there was a class of our citizens for whom our
legislation might properly, constitutionally, and
necessarily discriminate, it was for those who go
into our frontier settlements, who subdue and re-
claim our forests, and cause them " to bud and blos-
som as the rose." He would grant all proper
legislative aid to them within the power of the
Government.
He adverted incidentally to the tariff discussion
—especially to the course of remark with reference
to the prices of labor, of produce in this country,
and the bearing of that system on a variety of our
industrial interests. There was one view of this
subject connected intimately with the bill under
consideration. Far distant was the day, years
and centuries would roll by, before, by any possi-
bility of events, the labor of this country would
be measured by the standard of labor in foreign
countries; and one great leading reason for it was,
that we have so ample territory on which our citi-
zens may live, and from which they may draw
subsistence. By force of our legislation, they were
drawn intoi no peculiar department of industry
With the view of bearing upon' and promoting
this great end, he would go for a graduation of
our public lands according to their fair value, to
afford the men in our crowded cities the oppor-
tunity to go out into our public domain, and, for a
small sum—-such as could be, procured by any in-
dustrious citizen of our country—procure himself
a home.
In practically applying his doctrines, then, he
considered it necessary—first, that, by legislation,
there should be a regulation of the quantity of pub-
lic lands which should annually be sold. Gentle-
men seemed to talk as if the whole western wilder-
ness would ere this havebeen converted into smiling
homesteads and cultivated 'fields if the price of the
lands had been properly reduced. This was not
the case. There was a certain fair and natural de-
mand for them; this should be ascertained, and the
quantities of lands put into market, from time to
time, should be regulated- and prices graduated
accordingly. Mr. H. referred to the land system
of Maine, where they had substantially graduated
the prices of their lands, as had been done, he ven-
tured to say, in nearly every State in the Union, by
offering for sale different tracts at different prices,
according to their value—and all of them frequently
thrown into market at the same time." This grad-
uation should be according to their fair value—to
be ascertained by surveyors, or in whatever other
mode might be found preferable.
Mr. H. dwelt upon the great reasons of public
policy which called for a liberal system, which
should hold out inducements to the settler to pro
mote his own happiness and prosperity, and to
develop the resources and advance the greatness
and power of this Confederacy, by locating upon
our wild lands, and transforming them into culti-
vated fields and happy homesteads; and he vindi-
cated the power of the Government to do this by
furnishing the land to actual settlers on reasonable
and liberal terms.
In conclusion, he expressed the hope that the bill
would be well guarded, so that its benefits should
accrue to actual settlers only,and not be clutched by
the speculators of the country.
Mr. GORDON obtained the floor, and yielded
to a motion to rise; which being agreed to,
The committee rose and reported,
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, July 9, 1846.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON presented the memorial
,of A. B. Durand and others, artists, of the city of
New York, praying the purchase, by the Govern-
ment, of the collection of paintings, costumes, and
curiosities, illustrative of the history of the Indian
tribes of North America, made by George Catlin.
Mr. C., in presenting this memorial, remarked
that the possession of this valuable collection was
a matter of his;h national importance. It com-
posed the only accurate portraiture extant of the
manners and customs of the aborigines of the
country. Other nations had manifested a laudable
anxiety to preserve such memorials of their abo-
rigines. Great Britain had carefully preserved in
the Tower of London a collection illustrative of
her Saxon ancestry. Prance had in the Louvre
similar memorials of the ancient Gauls. He had
been informed, and believed, that the information
was correct, that offers for the purchase of this col-
lection had been made by a foreign- government.
It would be discreditable to Congress to allow it
to be thus purchased. The intrinsic value and
importance of the collection itself, and the charac-
ter of the respectable artist, rendered it eminently
proper that the purchase should be made by Con-
gress, and he hoped that the prayer of the memo-
rialists would be granted.
The memorial-was then referred to the Commit-
tee on the Library, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CASS presented a document in relation to
certain private land claims at the Sault St. Marie,
