1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1075
ation bill, (which had been received from the Sen-
ate.).
Mr. SCHENCK declined to yield. He then
proceeded to address the committee in opposition
to the hill—dwelling on the advantages and bene-
fits which had resulted from the present land sys-
tem, and arguing the expediency of letting well
enough alone.
Mr. DARRAGH obtained the floor, but yielded
at the request of
Mr. McCLERNAND, on whose motion the
committee rose, and took up the bill from the Sen-
ate to reduce and graduate'the price of the public
lands; which bill, having been read twice by its
title, was referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The House then again resolved itself into Com-
mitter of the Whole on the state of the Union,
Mr. Ficklin, of Illinois, in the chair.
On motion of Mr. McCLERNAND, the gradu-
ation bill of the House was laid aside, and the bill
from the Senate was taken up and read.
Mr. DARRAGH addressed the committee in
favor of the amendment submitted by him.
Mr. DROMGOOLE gave notice of his intention
to otter a substitute.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON gave notice that he would
offer the amendment indicated by him yesterday to
*he House bill, as an amendment to the Senate bill.
Mr. A. JOHNSON gave notice of his intention
to offer «n amendment.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, warmly do-
fended the bill, as a measure of revenue as well as
of justice alike to the old States and the new,
and of sound policy, calculated to advance the set-
tlement, wealth and piosperity of the country, and
to administer the public lands according to the best
system.
Mv. VINTON obtained the floor, and yielded
to a motion to rise;
Which prevailing", the committee row and re-
ported.
Mr. McCLERN AND offered a resolution pro-
viding that all debate on the lull .should terminate
to-morrow at twelve o'clock, M. And he de-
manded the previous question.
Pending which motion the House adjourned.
UN SENATE.
Fhujav, ,/uhj JO,
Mr. TURNEY presented the petition of Lemuel
P. Montgomery, an officer in the last war with
Great Britain, asking a pension; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. PEARCE presented a petition from the rep-
resentative of William D. Deg^es, asking permis-
sion to institute a suit against the United States for
the recovery of certain lands erroneously convoyed
by his executor to the Government; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. D1X presented the petition of Jeffries &
Catterfield, manufacturers of brimstone, asking
that crude brimstone may not be subject to duty;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. D. also presented the memorial of Royal E.
House, asking the aid of the Government in the
construction of a magnetic telegraph between the
cities of New York and New Orleans, upon a plan
invented by him; which wa<? referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. D. further presented the memorial of J. D.
Wyckoff, asking compensation for materials fur-
nished for the construction of the custom-house at
New York; which was referred to the Committee
of Claims.
Mr. MOREHEAD presented a memorial from
the Kentucky Historical Society, asking the pub-
lication of an increased number of the works of the
Exploring Expedition; which was referred to the
Committee on the Library.
Mr. M. also presented a memorial from the
same society, asking that books, maps, and scien-
tific apparatus, imported for the use of schools and
literary institutions may be imported free of duty,
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. PENNY BACK ER, from the Committee
of Claims, reported a bill, which was read, and
passed to the second reading.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of John J. Bulow; when
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON moved to amend the bill,
which he thought would remove all the objections
urged against it by the Senators from Florida.
The amendment, as understood by the reporter,
was, that the Secretary be authorized to withhold
payment until it was proved to his satisfaction that
the place of Bulow was occupied without his con-
sent, and that such destruction was in consequence
of the occupation of the United States troops.
Mr. YULEE intimated that the amendment gave
the hill no greater claims to favor than it had in
the original draught. He did not think any of the j
leading objections to the bill would be obviated by j
the amendment. He was willing, however, to !
test, the merits of the question by moving to lav the '
bill on the table.
Mr. CLAYTON desired that the amendment i
should be first acted on, and after that he was wil- .
; lins; that the sense of the Senate should be tested \
| on the question. i
; A long debate ensued, in which Messrs. CLAY- 1
I TON, PHELPS, YULEE, WESTCOTT, CASS, i
j DAYTON, and others participated: when '>
; Mr. MrDUFFIE mo\ed to lay the bill on the j
j table; which motion prevailed.
THE ARMY BILL.
Mr. EVAN'S moved to reconsider the vote of >
: yesterday oidermg the bill making appropriations
j for the. support of the army to be. read a third time. !
The object was simply to amend the bill so ns to !
! allow that an appropriation of la^t year should Iv
I applied to the specific purpose for which it was ■
j made. * ;
> Mr. LEWIS, the chairman of the Committee ;
j on Finance, inquired if it involved any new ex- i
i penditure; and, hcino; informed that it did not, the ;
motion of Mr. Kv\s* was agreed to, and the bill
amended in conformity with his suggestion; and :
was then, by unanimous i-onsmt, u\ul a thud time
J and passed.
Ti!K MILITARY ATMIPMY.
Mr. EVANS said there was another appropria- ^
; tion hill which ou^ht to ho acted on. He alluded
I to the hill making ap;n opnfHi.)n for the sen ice of!
j the Military Academy lor the year ending the "
30th Juno, 1847. j
I Mr. DIX called for the speeial order, being the ■
. bill jelatin^to the w airhottsiujT syMtm.
Mr. KVANS hoped the lull he bad ituiieatf-il
, would fhv! be eon^idered. It was not one o'clock,
the hour for taking up the special order, and he
presumed before that hour arrived the bill and
amendments could be disposed of.
The bill was then taken up as amended in com-
mittee, and,
The amendments having been read,
Mr. BENTON" objected to the amendment of j
the appropriation of $5,000 for the expenses of a j
board of visiters to the institution, lie had two j
objections: the first was, introducing matters of j
legislation in ordinary appropriation hills; and the ;
other whs, that such a board of visiters as was ;
contemplated by the bill was unnecessary. Tie 1
avowed himself as most especially opposed fo the ]
payment of visiters to West Point. It was within ;
his recollection when applications had been urged ]
from all parts of the country to be appointed visit- i
ers to West Point Academy, many of whom did
not even know the necessary terms that wore to be '
used. lie had rather leave it where it was in the ,
beginning; of the institution, to persons who re- :
ceived no compensation, and who were far more
likely to make efficient and useful examinations.
He expressed the hope that the whole amendment ;i
might be rejected. j!
Mr. EVANS was sorry that so small an ap- j;
propriation as this asked for m the amendment ji
should nut find favor in the sight of the Senator ||
from Missouri. Tie thought the objections urged
by the Senator did not weigh in the present case.
The bill before them was not an ordinary appro-
priation bill, nor did he consider the board by any
means to involve a useless expenditure. No one,
he thought could doubt the value of a proper
examination, and the report made on the improve-
ments required in the Academy by a board of com-
petent visiters. The item objected to by the Sena-
tor was not to pay the visiteis, but simply to allow
them their daily expenses and transportation, and
c-ven that at a very low rate.
Mr. D1X said the bill seemed to bid fair to lead
to a long discussion; he must, therefore, move to
postpone its further consideration, and proceed to
the special order
Mr, EVANS observed, if the object in postpo-
ning was for the purpose of examination, he should
make no objection; but if it were simply to post-
pone for the purpose of taking up another bill, he
should object to it.
Mr. DIa. said he had given way for the purpose
of allowing the bill to be taken up, supposing it
would occupy no time; but, being disappointed, he
should renew his motion to pdstpone.
The question having been taken, the vote stood:
Ayes 19, noes 19.
The Vice President gave the casting vote in the
negative.
Mr. CALHOUN expressed the hope, as the bill
had been allowed to he taken up through the cour-
tesy of the Senator from New York, [Mr. Dix,]
that the question would bo yielded; but, independ-
ent of* courtesy, the time had arrived for proceed-
ing to the discussion of the special order. The
true course to be pursued was, to take up business
pertaunng to the morning hour, but when the time
had arrived for the consideration of the special
order, the proper course was to take it up and pur-
sue it. He should, therefore, move to proceed to
the consideration of the special order; and on that
question he should ask the yeas and nays
Mr. EVANSdid not understand the matter quite
so much in the light of courtesy as hod been rep-
resented. So far as his experience went, appro-
priation bills had always the preference given them.
Mr. CALHOUN moved to lay the bill on the
table; which motion was decided m the affirmative:
Yeas 24, nays 21.
Mr. EVA'NS expressed a wish to be informed
when the Senator who had now taken chargc of
the bill, proposed to call it up in order that he
might he present.
; Mr. CALHOUN said the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance not now in his seat, would an-
swer the Senator from Maine.
Mr. EVANS rejoined, not so; the bill has now
, been taken out of our hands.
THE WAREHOUSE SYSTEM.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the warehouse bill: when—
Mr. SIMMONS rose and addressed the Senate
at very considerable length against the general fea-
tures of the hill, and giving it as Ins opinion that,
, so far from ha\lnga tendency to increase the rev-
enue, it would diminish it at least one-half, that all
large cargoes would be in warehouses; that it was
not calculated to subserve the interests of mod-
: crate capitalists, as had been avowed; but that it
would make in favor of the large importer. H«
alluded to the piesont sy&tem of cash duties, under
which every interest had seemed fo improve, and
wiueh very improvement almost seemed to him to
create opposition. Ail was going on well, why
not let it alone?
After Mr. Simmovs closed his remarks, he offered
an amendment to the hill, the effect of which, as
the reporter understood it, was to confine the
operations of the system to the American mer-
chant.
Mr. DAVIS then rose and addressed the Senate
with great force and at much length against the
idea of action on this bill until the sub-treasury bill
had been disposed of. It was necessary or unneces-
sary, precisely as the sub-treasury bill should make
it, 1>eing a measure collateral; and hence it was
better in his opinion, not to act until the sub-treas-
ury bill was disposed of. He desired to act on a
measure of so much importance understanding^.
Mr. D. then went on to show what he conceived
would be the effect of the bill in its present shape.
He said wc had changed from a credit system to
cash; and all must have a distinct recollection that
none were so forward to denounce the credit sys-
tem as the prominent Democrats of the day. It
was said that it gave advantages to men of ficti-
tious capital; that goods would be piled up in the.
warehouses, from thencc they would be put up
under the hammer; and their acsks had been piled
with documents to show that the business of the
country had passed out of the hands of Americans
and was entirely absorbed by foreigners; and to
get rid of all these evils and frauds they had voted
for a home valuation and cash duties.
Mr. DIX made a brief reply, but was entirely
inaudible in the gallery; at the end of which, how-
ever, the reporter understood Mr. Simmons to
withdraw his amendment.
After some remarks from Mr. Bagby—
