1076
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
Mr. HUNTINGTON adverted to the fact that
in the printed bill on their tables, as amended, the
blank was filled up with <v three years," but he
appealed to the recollection of Mr. Dxx to say
■whether the question had been decided by the
Senate.
Mr. DIX was understood to admit that it had
not.
Mr. HUNTINGTON then intimated an inten-
tion to move to fill the blank with " two years."
He desired to make the time as short as possible,
if the bill was to pass. But he should vote against
the bill altogether. He asked for the yeas and
nays, which were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS was understood to say that lie
should move to fill the blank with one year.
Mr. DIX moved to fill the blank with three
years, and on that question, being the largest num-
ber, the vote hud preccdence.
The question having- been put, it was decided in
the negative, as follows:
YEAS—jVfrssr*. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Bagby, Ponton,
Calhoun, Ca^s, Chalmers, Colquitt, Dickinson, Di.wJIanne-
gan, Houston, Johnson of Louisiana, Lewis, McDulh<\ I'en-
nybacker, Rii.-k, Sevu r, Turnev, Weseott, and Yulee—02.
NAYS—Mestfs. Archei, Atheiton, Barrow. Camcion,
Cilley, John M. Clayton, Thomas Clayton, Corw in. Cut-
tenden, Davis, Dayton, Evans, Fairfield, Gtoene, Hunting-
ton, Jarnagm, Johnson of Maryland, Mangitm, iviijlei, IVloie-
headjNilfs, Pearce. Phelps, Semple, Simmons, Sttngcon,
1/pham, Webster, and Woodbridgr—'19.
Mr. CALHOUN rose and addressed the Senate
at some length in favor of the bill, deeming it a
most important measure to the commercial and
navigating interests of the country. The collec-
tion of duties in cash, he thought, acted most un-
equally, and was calculated to increase burdens
very unnecessarily to the consumer.
Mr. WEBSTER avowed himself as a uniform
supporter of the warehouse system, and still
thought a bill might be matured that would be of
considerable advantage to the mercantile commu-
nity, without prejudice to other interests. Mr.
W. then went on to give his views at lar^e, and
concluded by moving to recommit the bill to the
committee, in order that it might be made to assume
a shape, with the aid of his colleague in matters of
commercial knowledge and detail, which would be
likely to secure its passage.
On this question he demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. DIX hoped the motion would not prevail.
If there were amendments to be offered on the
other side, he was willing to give them a healing,
and, if he deemed them essential, to adopt them ;
but to commit the bill at that late stage of the ses-
sion might be to defeat it. Senators would bear
witness with what assiduity he had endeavored
from time to time to £et up the measure, which
had been before the Senate for six months. He
could not now consent to any such proposition.
A very interesting debate ensued, m which
Messrs. WEBSTER, ARCHER, CALHOUN,
ALLEN, SIMMONS, HUNTINGTON, and
others participated.
When, at a late hour, the question was taken on
the motion of Mr. Webster to recommit, and de-
cided in the affirmative, as follows:
YEAS—Mp«5«is. Archer, Barrow, Cameron, Cilley, John
M. Clayton, Thomas Clayton, Coiwin, Crittenden, Davis,
Dayton, Evans, Gteene, Hunhnaton, Jarnagm, Johnson of
Louisiana, Johnson of Man land, Mangum, Miller, More-
head, Niles, Pearce, Simmons, Stuigeoii, TIpham. WelMer
and Woodbndge—28.
NAYS—Me>ars. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Rag-
by, Benton, Bright, Calhoun, Cass, Chalmers, Colquitt,
Dickinson, Dix, Fairfield, Hannegari, Houston, Lewis, Mc-
Dutfie, Pennybackcr, Phelps, Rusk, Seviei, Turner, We>t-
cott, and Yuloc—25.
Mr. BENTON moved to proceed to the consid-
eration of Executive business amid cries of "Too
late! too late!"
The motion, however, prevailed; the doors were
closed; and, after some time spent in secret ses-
sion, the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, July 10, 1846.
proved ^°urnal 7est€r(iay was read nnd ap-
the graduation bill.
rip^tn announced the unfinished busi-
ness to be the resolution offered by Mr. McClfr-
provaST/ th ^if ^ t'6 adj.0,,rnment last evening,
providing that all debate m Committee of xhe
I Whole on the state of the Union on this bill should
i cease at twelve o'clock this day.
! On which resolution the previous question had
j been demanded.
| Mr. McCLERNAND modified his resolution so
; as to substitute one o'clock for twelve.
Mr. McKAY suggested two o'clock.
Mr. McCLERNAND finally modified the reso-
lution accordingly.
Mr. TRUMAN SMITH asked leave to make a
report.
The SPEAKER said it could only be done by
general consent.
Objections were made.
| The question recurring on the demand for the
! previous question,
; Mr. DROMGOOLE asked Mr. McCleiwand
| to withdraw his motion for the previous question,
| so as to admit an amendment prolonging the time
j for discussion until to-morrow at twelve o'clock,
j The debate had taken a new start since the Senate
I bill had come here. Several gentlemen were de-
sirous to address the committee, and there were
ij now, in fact, two bills before it instead of one.
jj Mr. McCLERNAND said it would give him
,1 pleasure to accommodate the gentleman from Vir-
! i ginm, [Mr. Dromgoole,] but there were many gen-
ii tlemen near him who were anxious that the debate
|! should be closed at two o'clock to-day.
II Mr. DROMGOOLE. X shall vote against it at
!I any rate.
;j Mr. McCLERNAND. The gentleman can act
11 his pleasure.
The question again recurred on the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved a call of the House;
which was refused.
The question on the demand for the previous
question, was then taken, and there was a second.
The main question was ordered; and, being taken,
the resolution was adopted.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
M r. LEAKE made an ineffectual effort to go into
Committee of the Whole for the purpose of proceed-
ing to the consideration of the private calendar.
THE GRADUATION BILL.
The motion of Mr. McClernand having been
agreed to, the House resolved itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Fickmn*>o( Illinois, m the chair,) and resumed the
, consideration of the bill from the Senate to re-
' duce and graduate the price of the public lands,
\ and for other purposes," &c., and is ju the follow-
' ing words:
! Be it cnactcl ly the Senate and IIouio of Representatives
j of the United States of America in Congress assemble r/? That
; nil public lauds winch sdiall have been offoiod for sale ten
i j'.'ars or more'm ilie fii-a dav of March, eighteen hundred
i :m<l forty-sGv^n, shall thereafter ho subject to entry at one
1 dollar per acre, until the lisvt day of Match, one thousand
. c-ijlit hundred and titty; all then remaining: unhold, shall be
snbiect to cntiy at sovont>-fivc ecnts per aerc until the first
[ day ot Maich, one thousand eight hundied and fifty-three;
■ nnd all then remaining unsold, hhall bp subject to entiy at
, filtv cent- per acie, until the rii.-t day of March, rme tbou-
; f-and eight hundred and tifty-six; when thov «hnll be subject
; to entry at twenty-five cents per aeie until the first day of
1 JYfdieh, one thousand eight hundred and iiity-nme.
I And he it farther enaclcd, That <ill public lands
i whieh, after the iii^t day of Maicb. one thousand (igbt hun-
1 dred and forty-seven, ^hall hav- be"ii otleied foi sale ten
years or morc'on the first day of March, one thou>and eight
; bundled and fifty, s-hall then be tubjeet to graduation and
> entiy, in like manner and at like penods of three years ; and
! that all public lands which --hall have been offered for sale
! ten veai* ot mose at the next Micrcoding p^tiod, or any sub-
I sequent one, shrill be subject in like n.anner to graduation
' and entry, at like peuod> of three as they conseeu-
I tiveiy occur • Provided, Tnat no one p^r^on, under the pro-
; visions oftbi< act, s>lia!l be authorized to pin cha&e more than
; one section at the two lowest rates of litty and twenty-five
! cents per acre.
j Skc. .0. And be if further enacted, That upon every reduc-
! tion in the pi ices of ^aid lands which shall take place by the
giaduatmg piocess of this act. the occnpant-sor settlers upon
; any of the said lands shall have the right of p«eemption at
such graduated or reduced prices, which right shall extend
; to a peiiod of six months from and after the dates of which
, the respective graduations shall take place; and any land not
1 entered hy the'respective occup-mts or settlers within that
• period, shall be liable to be entered or purchased by any
i other person until the next graduation or i eduction m price
j shall take place, when it shall, if not previously purchased,
! be again subject to the right of preemption for six months, as
: before, and so 011 from time to time, as said reduction shalr
: take place: Provided, That nothing 111 this act contained
,i shall he construed to interfere with any right which has ac-
}; crued or may accrue by vhtue of any act granting preemp-
;' tions to actual settlers upon the public lands.
> • Rf,c, 4. And, he U further enacted, That all acts and parts
of acts as provide for an exemption fiom the imposition Of
taxes upon land sold by the United States for five years from
and after the day of sale be, and the same are hereby- re-
pealed*
Mr. VINTON was entitled to the floor, But
yielded for the moment to—
Mr. McDOWELL, of Virginia, who gave no-
tice of an amendment, in explanation of wluch he
said a few words (scarcely heard by the reporter.)
The amendment was read as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Representatives
of the United States of America in Ojngress assembled^ That
all the public land^s which s hall have been offered tor sate
ten years or more, on the first day of March, 3647, shall he
subject to' entry at one dollar per acre,' ou and alter that
day, until the first of March, 1849; that all which shall
have been offered for fifteen years or more, on said first of
Maich, 1817, shall be subject to entry at seventy-five cents
per acre, on and after that day, until the fir.st of Murcn,
]819; that all which shall have been offered for twenty
years or more by and before the time aforesaid, shall be sub-
ject to entry at fifty cents p.u acre fiom that time until the
flr>t of March, JB-s9 ; and that all the residue of the public
lands whieh shall have been offered for twenty-five years or
more, nnd be still unsold on the first of March, 3847, shall
be subject to entiy at twenty-five cents pei acre, until the
first of Maich, 1849.
Be it further enacted, That every person applying to enter
any of the aforesaid lands according to-the provisions of this
act, shall be required fiist to make affidavit before the regis-
ter or receiver of the proper land office, and so to make
affidavit under all the pains and penalties of law against
false swearing, that lie or she enters the same for his oj^her
own use, with the bona fide purpose^ of actually settling
upon and cultivating it, or of adding it to some adjoining
land actually owned and occupied as a residence by him or
her, and that, together with the laud thus entered, he or she
ha« not acquired from the United States under the provi-
sions of this act more than three hundred and twenty acres
accoidins to the public surveys thereof.
Be it also enactcds That nothing heiein contained shall he
construed to prevent any person from entering and pur-
chasing the public lands at $1 25 per acre, as now autho-
rized and provided by law; nor shall anything herein con-
tained be construed to interfere with any right which hag
accrued by virtue of any act granting pre-emption to actual
settlers upon the public lands.
Be it further enacted, That the quantity of land which the
President of the United States shall hereafter proclaim and
oftei for sale in any one year, shall not exceed 5,000,000 of
acies. This act shall go into force fiom and after its pas-
sage.
Mr. VINTON then resumed the floor, and ad-
dressed the committee in opposition to the bill. He
remarked that the subject was a very old one m
| this House, having been here, under discussion,
1 for twenty years or more. During that time the
Senate had repeatedly given its sanction to a bill
of this description, but it had as uniformly been
rejected here. And of all the debates that had
taken place on this question, he did not think that
there had been any better than those to which we
had listened on this occasion.
This public land system was older than the Con-
stitution under which Congress was sitting. Those
who made that system had two great objects in
view—first, to make it, not only during their day
or our day, but during the day of their posterity
and of our posterity, until the £reat work of filling
up the population should be accomplished, a part
of the re-venue of the nation; and at the same time
so to carry on this piocess of selling the public
j domain as in the fastest manner possible to fill up
population and subject the domain to the uses and
purposes of civilized man. It was a system which
had never belonged to the Whig or Democratic
party. It had never been made a party question
here, and he could not bring himself to believe that
| it was now, for the first time, to be made the crea-
j ture of party. He believed it would still be kept
I free from it.
j Mr. V., now remarking that the argument of
j| the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Colj.amer] had
i! rendered it unnecessary for him to go mto some de~
IS tails which he should otherwise have entered upon,
|j proceeded to present some general views in rela-
| i tion to the operation of the Land system, and which
jj would govern his course in voting, as he designed
• to do, against the passage of this bill
ji Mr. JACOB THOMPSON (in the course of
|: Mr. V.'s remarks) inquired of him whether he
!, believed it to be the duty of the Government to
jj adopt a policy whieh would dispose of the public
lands, or to adopt a policy which should hold them
|! up and reserve them fiom sale.
tj Mr. VINTON, I say it is the duty of this
j| Government, as a trustee, to dispose of the public
j; lands for what they are fairly worth. And I go
Ij even further, and say that if we can find out what
;i price would in the greatest degree accelerate the
; j growth of population and the civilization of the
ij country, that is even a more important considera-
;i tion tiian the price.
