1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1077
Mr. McCLERNAND addressed the committee
in advocacy of the bill generally, and in reply to
Mr. Vinton an$ others.
Mr. BROCKENBROUGH advocated the bill,
as a measure of justice to the settlers of our new
lands, and of general equity, contending that the
lands should be sold at their intrinsic value, and
repudiating the idea that the Government, in char-
acter of speculator, should demand an enhanced
price, in- consequence of adjacent improvements
and settlement. He replied to objections raised
against the bill by Mr. Vinton, Mr. Stephens,
and others.
Mr. RATH BUN read from a table before him
a statement of the respective quantities of land
remaining unsold, after exposure for different spe-
cified periods; going to snow, as he contended,
that lime is no test of value. He gave many other
statistics of the lands; and argued that the effect
of this bill, by throwing some seventy-two million
acres into market at the graduated prices, would
forever prevent further sales, other than at the
minimum price. He would consent to a gradua-
tion according to fair value, and under all proper
restrictions; but approved of retaining the main
features of the existing land system, which had
worked generally so well. He gave notice of a
substitute amendment he should offer when in
order.
Mr. SAWYER also gave notice of his printed
substitute for the bill.
Mr. CHAPMAN, of Alabama, followed in ad-
vocacy of the bill, expounding and advocating its
general principles, and referring to its beneficent
practical operation in the Chickasaw country,
where it has been applied, as contrasted with the
effects of the genera) law in the Choctaw territory,
in the State of Alabama, and generally. He urged
the bill as tending to promote settlement, the gen-
eral ends of equity, and the prosperity of the coun-
try. This was no new system; a distinguished
Senator from Missouri [iVTr. Benton] was the
father of it; and his masterly argument in its sup-
port, when first introduced many years ago, lie had
never heard answered.
Mr. DODGE read from a register of former pro-
ceedings of Congress, an amendment to a land bill
proposing the principle of graduation embodied m
tins bill, and purportmglo have been offered by Mr.
Vinton. He inquired of that gentleman if this
was correct ?
Mr. VINTON explained that he had offered it
as a better proposition than the bill then under con-
sideration, and which it was generally supposed
would pass. But his speeches uniformly showed
that he occupied the opposite side.
Mr. DODGE proceeded to advocate the bill,
reading further from former debates on the pre-
emption bill* especially a reply of Mr. Polk to
Mr. Vinton, which latter gentleman, he said, had
always occupied similar ground in opposition to
the preemption law that he now brought against
this. His Territory felt no particular interest in
this bill; but he urged it as a matter of justice,
strict justice, which, however it might be defeated
now, (as appeared probable from the clamor that
had been raised against it,) would hereafter force
its, way on the ground of its intrinsic merits, and
must ere long become a law.
Mr. ADAMS, of Mississippi, vindicated this
question as one that ought to soar far above all
party considerations, and as one involving the dis-
charge of a high and important trust with which
this Government had been invested in regard to
these lands. They were authorized to "dispose"
of these lands, and it should be at a fair price. A
court of equity, if it could be brought under their
cognizance, would "compel the Government to dis-
pose of these refuse lands at reduced prices. Much
had been said about the vast amount—the 133,000,-
000 of acres of public land now in market; but the
fact was, not over 33,000,000 of this was worth
anything, or would ever be sold. But very few of
the public lands now subject to entry were worth
§1.25 per acre. Alabama and Mississippi had paid
millions of dollars more than their actual value for
the public lands within their respective limits. He
replied to arguments of gentlemen who had prece-
ded him, and expressed the hope that this system
of injustice and impolicy would be abandoned, and
substitute in lieu thereof a system which would
tend to the settlement and development of the re-
sources of the country, and greatly enhance the
revenue from this source.
Mr. McDOWELL, of Virginia, obtained the I;
floor—but five minutes remaining of the time allot- |j
ted to debate—and devoted that brief period to an i'
explanation of the provisions of his proposed sub- l:
stitute, (which will be found in another column,) j]
and to an advocacy of it, as, in his opinion, best j
designed to accomplish the three-fold object the !'
Government had in view m accepting this trust— |;
viz: to dispose of those lands for revenue, to sub- ji
ject them as rapidly as possible to State jurisdic- \
tion, and to bring them within reach of actual set- j1
tiers at their fair value.
The hour of two having arrived, the committee, :
in pursuance of the order of the House, proceeded {!
to vote on all amendments pending, or to be offered. '
Mr. A. JOHNSON moved to strike out ftom !
the first section of the bill the following words: I
*' Until the first day of March, 1859.15 j
The amendment—by ayes 58, noes HO—was re- *
jected. I
Mr. BRINKKRHOFF moved to amend the ;
same section by making the year in the seventh !
line read 18f>2, instead of 1850. Rejected. I
Mr. SAWYKR offered the following amend- ;
ment to the third section: '
jlnd he it further provided, That every person applying 1
to enter any of the afoiesuul lands ot tue United States,
under tin* provi-tons of this tu-t, shall be retained lirnt to
make nlhdawf Mine tin* renter or rm-ncr of the prop-r 1
buid otlk-e that ho or flic cnterMln-siun< < >t Itisor Jier own
Hue, for the puipo^es of a«-tual k< ttlemerit ami cultivation !
by and for hnn or herself, or fur the use of an adjacent farm ;
or plantation owned and occupied bj htm oi herselt; and !
that, together with said entiy, lie or she ha* not acquired j
from the United States, under the provision* of tins act, i
more than three hundred and twenty acres ot land, aeeoid- j
in<? to the pu!)he Harvey* thereof; and if imj p*M*ou taking !
such oatti, hy affidavit, shall (-wear tali-ely m the pienii.'ea, i
lie or she shall he subject to till ot the puns and penalties
of perjury: Piovuled, That nullum; herein contained shall ;
be coiHtrm'd to prevent any p. rj-on tr.mi entering or par- j
chasing the land-* of the United Stutis at the price of one '
dollar and tweiity-tnc cents p- r aeie, in now authorized i
and provided U.\ law. Thi-i uet shall lake effect mx month.* i
from and utter us passage. j
The amendment was rejected. !
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON now offered the amend- j
ment of which he gave notice yesterday. (See i
pngo 1071.) |
Mr. A. JOHNSON moved the following aim:nd- !
ment to the umrndincni :
That even peison, who i> the head of a f'ainik , shall, fiom
and alter the passage of tins act, he cntnied to enter, tiee
of cost, one quarter section of vacant and unappropriated
public land, or a quantity equal theielo, to be located in a
body, in conformity with tlio legal subdivisions of the public
land*.
&kc. 2. J3n4 be it farther enacted, 1 hat the per.-rui apply-
ing for the benefit ol this act shall, upon application to the
register of the bind office in which he is about to make such
entry, make ailidavH before the ^aul register that lie is the
head of a family, and destitute of means to purchase « quan-
tity equal to a quarter sCi tion of land, and shall, m addition
ther«"t< , furnish a certificate of three respectable household-
ers that he is a pom man, the head of a family, and ol good
moral character; and, making the affidavit above requited,
and tiling this ceitiii' ate with the iem«,nr, be shall there-
upon be permitted to enter the quantity of hind already vj>,._
cified: J'lOviiMi however* That no ceitilicate oi receipt shall
be given, noi patent issued therefor, until the expiration ot
four yacs fiom the dale of entry; arid if at the expiration of
such time the peivon makmy Mich entry shall prove by
two credible \\ itno-ey that he lias continued to i e.-ide upon
and cultivate *aid laud, and still re>nl<upon the wine, and
has not alienated the same. oraji) pan theieof, then in such
ease he shall bo entitled to a certificate and patent as 111 other
eases.
fcb.c. 3* And he it further cnactcd, That on the expiiaiion
of four } ears fiom the date, of the registers eel tilieute, the
applicant, or his or her attorney, ma> apply for and obtain a
patent for the land : Provided satisfactory proof is made to
the register that the applicant is residing on the land for
which the patent is requued.
Sec.-I. slndheit fmthor cnucted, That the register shall
keep a teifistiy of all such entric.-, ami make return theieof
to the General Land Office, together with the proof upon ;
winch they have been founded. \
Six . 5. sltul he it Jurtlm- enacted. That all lands enteied |
by, and granted to, any pel son under the piovisions of this
act free of cost shall b,' and remain forever exempt and free '
from the debts mid liabilities of the pcr.-on to whom the
same shall bo gi.iuted, and from nil levies, ^eizurec, and
sales of every kind for, and on account of, such debt and
liabilities. And such lands, upon the death of the person to |
whom the same shall have been granted, shall descend to, j
and the light and title thereto shall be veered in, the widow
and childien of the person to whom the lands were granted
undet the Jaws m such case* of the State m winch the lands
shall be situated.
The amendment, to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DARRAGH offered the following as an
amendment to the amendment:
That from and after the first day of November, 1846, any
citizen of the United States, and any female, the widow or
daughter of any citizen of the United States, above the age
of eighteen vears, who may desire to make a settlement and
habitation upon, and to cultivate public lands of the United
States, subject to entry for the term of ten years prior to
that date, and remaining unsold and not reserved from sale,
or .subject to preemption in favor of any other person, he or
she may file his or her application in writing with the regis-
ter of the land district in wbich said lands shall lie, specify-
ing the township, range, section, and sectional subdivision
of said lands; and upon his or her adducing satisfaetoiy
proof to the register aforesaid, and to the receiver of the
same district, that no other person has settled upon said
lands, winch proof shall be filed with said register, then the
said register and receiver shall issue to such applicant a
certificate, reciting that upon the continued habitation and
cultivation of said lands by said applicant, or should he or
she have died, by his or her heirs, for the term of three
years* from and after the date of said certificate, and upon
proof thereof being made within sixty days after the expira-
tion of said term, to such register and receiver as aforesaid,
such applicant, or if he or she shall have died, his or her
heiis, shall be entitled to a aid lands, and a patent shall issue,
thcroior to said applicant, or bis or her heirs, without any
charge thervfor: Provided, hoa ever, That m no ease shall
nit application be made, or certificate or patent be issued, in
f,svor of the same person for more than a quarter of a section
of f-Jiid land* . *.h.d poinded, also, That if the right of said
applicant,oi hio or her heirs, to Mich lands, shall m any case
be hold, assigned,or transferied, before the said patent shall
be issued, which s tile shall be mill and void; nor shall said
right to said binds be subject to tale by ovunderanyproeestf
at law, or in equity, priorto said patent being issued.
And be it fiat her cnaeted, That it shall be unlawful for any
person, except the applicant aforesaid, or his or her heirs,
as aforesaid, to settle upon a quarter section of land, for
which a certificate Khali have issued as aforesaid, and such
illegal settlement shall in no case give such person any right
to «uch lands.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
And the amendment of Mr. G. S. Houston was
rejected.
Mr. A. STEWART offered a substitute, which
; was not now in order.
The question now recurred on the following sub-
j stitute ot'Mr. Dromuoojlk:
i Strike out all after the enacting clause, and in-
l seit the following in lieu thereof:
That all the lands of the United {States which shall have
boon m market fur ten, or mnie than ten, years prior to the
time of application to enter the r-ame under the provisions of
this act, and still remaining unsold, shall be subject to sale
at tlw puce of one dollat per acre. And all of the lands of
the United States which shall have been in market for fif-
lecit or moic than fifteen years, as aforesaid, and still remain-
ing unsold, ahull be subjtct to sale at the price of seventy-
fi\ e cents per acre. And all of the hindu of the United States
which shall have boon in market for twenty or more than
twenty years, sw aforesaid, and still remaining unsold, shall
l c r-ul'p'ct to ->ale at the price of fifty cents per acre. And
all o! the lands ut the United States which shall have been
in maiket toi tuenh-m e or more than twenty-five years, as
aim es.ud, and Mill i.-muimng unsold, shall be subject to sale
at the price of tueniy-tivc cenU per acre. And all of the
lands of the United States which shall have been in market
at the passage of this act, or at any time thereafter, for any
period of thirty or more thai) thirty jeans, and still remain-
ing unsold, shall he, and the same are hereby, made subject
to entry for the entire quantity, and not otherwise, by the
States respectively m v\ Inch such lands lie, at the price of
five cents per acre.
Skc. 'J. it farther enurfed, That ever) person ap-
plying to enter any of the aforesaid hinds of the United
States, under the provisions of tins act, shall be required
first to make aflidaut before the register or receiver of the
piopet land office, that he or she enters the same for his or
her o\\ n use, tor the pulpites of actual settlement and cul-
tivation hv and lor him oi herself, or tor the use of an adja-
cent iarm or plantation owned and occupied by him or her-
setl; and that, togethei with said f airy, he or she lias not
acquired fiom the I'mted States, under the provisions of
h tin- act, more than three bundled and twenty acres of land,
!! aecoidmg to the public Mirveys theieof; and if any person
taking such outh, by affidavit, shall swear falsely in the
S prciin-es, he or she shall be subject to all of the pains and
;l penalties of peijury: Piovidcd, That nothing herein cori-
l! mined shall be eoustiued to prevent any person from enter-
i; ing or purchasing the lands of the United States at the price
1 ot one dollar and twenty-live cents per acre, as now autho-
t rized and piovided by law: */hu1 piovuhd, also, That the
| quantity of land which the ProHdent of the United States
i shall hereafter proclaim and oifer tor sale, in any one year,
! shall not tveeed live nullum* of acres. This act shall take
effect six months from and after Us passage.
! Mr. BRINKERHOFF moved to strike out all
after the words "per acie'1 in the 15th line of the
i 1st section.
i The amendment was rejected.
The question recurring on the proposed substi-
tute,
Mr. RATHBUN moved to amend it by striking
I out all after the word "that," in the first bection,
| and inserting the following:
That all public lands which shall have been offered for
| sale ten years or more on the first day of March, eighteen
hundred and forty-seven, shall thereafter be subject to entry
at one dollar per acrc, until the tirst day of March, one
I thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven ; all then remaining
i unsold, shall be subject to entry at seventy-five cents per
j acre.
I Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted, That hereafter there
! shall not be brought into market in any one year a quantity
i of public land exceeding three and a half millions of acres.
| Skc.3. Jtnd he it further eiuictcd, That all acts and parts
j of acts as provide for an exemption from the imposition of
j taxes upon land sold by the United States for five years from
! and after the day of sale, be, and the same are heieby, re-
i pealed,
