1078
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
The amendment, by ayes 29, noes not counted,
was rejected.
Mr. DANIEL offered the following amendment
to the substitute; which amendment was rejected:
Strike out all after the enacting words, and insert
the following
That all public lands winch shall have been offered tor
sale ten veais 01 more on tlx' daj of March, 1S4<, shall
thereafter In- subieet to entry at one dollar per aeie until the
flr-st day of Match, l&">7; all then remaining unsold shall
fheieaf'ter bo snhiec? to entry at sevent} -five cents per acie.
Mr. McDOWKIX, of Virginia, offered the
amendment which is published above.
The amendment, oy ayes <49, noes 80, was re-
jected.
Mr. VANCIS offered nn amendment, which was
ruled out of order, as irrelevant to the subject-mat*
ter of the bill.
Mr, VAXCE appealed.
And the decision of the Chair, by ayes 75, noes
5:2, was affirmed.
Mr. HAMLIN offered as an amendment to the
substitute, the amendment of Mr. McDowell, of
Virginia, (heretofoie voted down,) with the modi-
fications oi'an additional section, and of one clause
stricken out. Rejected.
The question then recurred, and was taken, on
the substitute of Mr. Dromgoole, and it was re-
jected.
Mr. McKAY offered a substitute for the bill.
The point of order was raised, and the Chair
decided the amendment to be m order. An appeal
was taken, and, by ayes 61, noes, 71, the decision
was reversed.
So the amendment of Mr. McKay was not en-
teitained.
The committee then rose, and reported the Sen-
ate bill to the House without amendment.
And the question being on ordering it to a third
reading.
Mr. WENTWORTH demanded the previous
question.
There was a second. And the main question
was ordered.
Mr. EWING, of Pennsylvania, indicated, but
did not persist in a motion that the bill be laid on
the table.
Mr. GORDON made that motion.
And the question being taken, the House deter- !
mined that the bill should not be laid on the table. !
The question recurring on ordering the bill to a I
third reading. j
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON asked the yeas and '
nays, winch were ordered. " !
iVtr. IVl c CL E RN A N D d e s i re d Ivi r. W f, nt t w o r t h ;
to withdraw the demand for the previous question, '
so as to enable him (Mi. McC.) to otFcran amend- 1
ment.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman could not j
now withdraw the motion.
Mr. COBB moved a reconsideration of the \ote '
by which the main question had been ordered.
But the House refused to reconsider the vote.
The question again recurred, and was taken, on i
ordering the bill to a third reading, and the vole '
resulted as follows; ;
YEAS— >Tessr«\ Stephen A(hii)', Heclinger, James A,
Black, Bowiui, Boyd, BunkerholL Broekrnbiou'jh, William '
G. Brown, Bmt, Cathearf, Augustus A Chapman, Reuben '
Cnapman, Chase, Chipman, Cobb. Cullom, CumnnMimn, '
Datgan, Darragh, Douglass, Diomgoole, Dunlap, Faran, '
Fickhn, Frio*, Giles, Hamhn, Haralson, ilarman-on, Hen- ■
ley, Hoge, Hough, George S. Houston, Edmund W. Hubard, 1
James B. Hunt, James II. Johnson, Andrew Johnson. G. '
W. Jones, Kaufman, Leake, La Sere, Lumpkin. Maelay, '
McClelland, MoClernand, McConnell, Jo>eph J, VeDoweil
AT„rr  s<r...... *-  . > , . *
| So the bill y«as rejected.
! Mr. DANIEL moved a reconsideration of the
| vote, and demanded the previous question, which
I was seconded; and the main question was ordered.
A motion to adjourn was made, and rejected.
The question recurring on the reconsideration,
Mr. BRODHEAD asked the yeas and nays,
which were ordered.
Mr. McCLERNAND desired Mr. Daniei, to
state what his object was in moving the reconsid-
j eration.
| Mr. DANIEL rose to reply amidst loud cries to
j order.
| The SPEAKER said 110 remarks were in order,
j If Mr. Dajstil.!. made any reply, not a word
I reached the reporter ear.
The question, "Shall the vote by which the bill
was iejected be reconsidered r" was then taken,
and the vote stood yeas 81), nays 89; [a tie.]
The SPEAKER voted in the affirmative, making
yeas 90, nays 89—as follows:
YEAS—Miosis. Sttphen Adams, Atkinson,H Bedmger,
lJug&, Jame-- A. Black, Bowim, Boyd, lirmkeihofi, Biuck-
emxougn, Wiiiiaui G. .Blown, Burt,"Catheart, Augustus; A.
Ch-ipnian.5 it' uhen Chapman, Chase, Chipman, Clarke,
Cobi), Cullom, Cunningham, Daniel, Daiguit, Dobbin,
Douglass, Diomgoole, Dinnap, Faiun, Fitkun, Fins,Giles,
lianinn, liaial.n,n, ihirmaiwm, licnlej, iioge, Hopkins,
Ccoij;e S. UoUvSion, Luiiiund W. liuuaid, James jB. Hunt,
James li. Johnson, Joseph Jomison, Andrew Johnson,
GvOjge W. Junes-, Kaufman, Lu.ike, La Sete, Lumpkin,
Maclov, McClelland, MeClernand, iVicConndi, Joseph J.
iiicDovveli, Jas. McDowell, McKay, Jonn F. Mai tin, Batkley
Maiun, Moin , Muise, Moulion, Noms, Owen, Faii h;
l'a* ne, Peinil, Phelpv I'jljsbui>, Rewi, Ileitis, illicit,Robt rts,
Saw>oi, Seuiumoii, Seddon, Leonaid II. Suns, Simpson^
T.iomas SnuUi, llobeii bmilh, SUuton, Staikweather, St.
John, fciuons, Tnounuacm, Jacob Thompson. Tibbalt>, Ti'ed-
wa\, Woutwoith, Wick, YVooUwaid, and Yancev —
A'A\ to—Mes>is. Abbott, John Uuuiev Aduui.s, Burnnger,
Benton, Blanejiard, Brodhead, MiHon' Blown, Buhhigum,
Joiin 11 Campbell, John G. Chapman, Cocke, Coliumoi,
Cohm, Crau>Wn, Ciozn-r, (Jtuieu D.ivis, Delano, De Mott,
Dulinyliam, Divon, l)ocker>, Ed-all, Eil&vvorlh, Eidman,
John 11. liwmg, ii.iwin li. Foot, Garvin, Gently,
(hiiding-, Gitodye.u, Goiuon, Giaii.un, GuUei, Gimnell,
<.iro\ei, Hampton. Haipei, E. B. Hohne^, J. W. ilou-ton,
Hudson, ilmtgohtid, W a>huigton limit, Joseph K. ingeisoll,
Jenkui--, Daniel F King, Fiexion King, Thoma-. Butler
Kinj,', Luib, Lewis, Long, McClean, MeCrate, Mcliemy,
Melivaine, M;ns.h, Millei, Mosele>, Niven, Pendleton.
Ramsey, Kathbun, Kilter, Julius ilockwcll, John A^ Ruck-
well, Root, Savvtclle, Seheuck, Syverunce, iruinan Smith,
.Mhwrt Hinith. t?tenhens. Stewart. Rtrohm. Tin>>^
proposed amendment be lesid on the table, and
asked the yeas and nays.
A motion was made that the House adjourn;
-which, by ayes 8i, noes 80, was agreed to.
So the House adjourned. " -
and Yo.-t—SO.
So ihe vote was reconsidered.
And the question then again recurred, " Shall
! this bill be, oidered to a third reading
! Mr. COBB offered the following amendment,
! viz:
| That ail of the lands of the United States which bliall Ituve
been in mm ket for ten or nunc than ton > ears pnot to the
time of application to enter the -ame undci the provisions
of tins act, and ^Ull remaining unsold, .shall be hubjeet to
>ale at the price ol one dollar per acre. And all of the lands
oi the United States which shall have been in maiket tor
fifteen <>r more than fifteen years, as nforoaul, and still
lemiunmg unsold, >hall be subject to fcale at the puce of
.-eventy-fivc cents jier acre. And all ot the lands ot the
United States whieh'•hall have been in mancet for twentv
or more than uveiuv years, as aloie&aul, and still remaining
un-old, shall by subject to sale at the puce of fitly cents per
acre. And all oi the l.mcU or'the United Slates which &hall
hive been in liiaiKct for twenty-live or moie than twentj-
live veai-,'1^ aforesaid, and still remaining unsold, shall i>e
Miifjet tto sale, at the puceot twent>-hve cenN peracie.
See. slnd be it further can.tfcJ, 'i'hat every person
applying to enter any of the aioie-aid lands of the United
Stales, under the provisions of this, act, slia'l be required
first to make affidavit belore the register or reel iver ot the
proper land ofiiee that he or she enurs the same for Ins
or hei <>\\n use, for the put pose 01 actual actUemem and
eultivaU'Jii by and lor hnn or herself, 01 tor the use of an
adjacent farm or plantation owned and oc« upied by him or
heist-h; and that together with said entry, he or she has not
acquired Irom the United State:*, under the provision* of
this act, more than thiee hundred and twenty acres of land
aeeordi is  to the public .->w ve> s thereof; and ii any peivon
tnkinsr such oath, by nrfidavit, siiail swear taisefv m the
premises, he or she shall be subject to all of the pains and
penalties of perjuiy: Provided* 'I'hat nothing lieiein con-
tained shall be construed to pievent nnv person from enter-
ing or purchasing the lands of the United States at the price
of one dollar ami twenty-five cents pei a<ne, a  now autho-
rized and provided by'iavv: .And j.roiuled, also, That the
quantity of land which the President of the United States
shall heiea't.ji proclaim and offer toi sale m an> one year
shall not exceed live million ot acies. This act shall tJike
eiieet six inontlis from and after its na&saire.
a"l LP' S1?: Prf"!t"n Kmi:, Thomas B. King, ;j And Mr.C. demanded the previous question.
Jjeio, L.CW1S, I.otts;, McClean, MeCrate, James McDowell. ! c. ■ , , .1 „ ,
McHenrv. Meiivnino 'ht.u^v ix.r—«... -*.?  T . feome conversation took place on a point of order,
in which Messrs. RATHBUN, COLLAMER,
and the SPEAKER participated.
The question then recurred on the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. COLLAMER moved that the bill and the
Leonard H. Suns. Simpson. Thoina* Smith, Caleb p,. Smith, '1
Robert Smith, Stanton. Staikweather, St. John, Stion^' '
Thomasson, Jacob Thompson. TibbatN, Tredvvav, Wcnt-
vvorth, Wick, Woodward, and Yaneev—^3.
NAYS—>fesS(s. Abbott, John Cluinev Adam=, Arnold,
Atlvin^on. Bairinger, Benton, Bii'gs. Blanchard, Brodiiead, ■;
Milton Biowu, Bntfirietou, John II. Campbell, John G. ,i
Chapman, Clatke, Cooke, Collamer, Collin, CranHon, Cro- 1
zier, Darnel, G. l)avi«, Delano, De Mott, Dillingham. Dixon -
Dobbin, Dockery, Edsall. ElNworth, Eidman.'J. H.'Fwm"
Edwm Tf.Ewing, Foot, Onrvni, Gentry, Giddinsr^. Goodvear, i
Gordon, Graham, Grider, Giinnell, Grover, Hampton, Har- 1'
per, Ehas B. Holmes, John W, Houston, Hudson, Hunger-
ford, \\ a^hington' Hunt, J. R. Ingersoll. Jenkins, Joseph
„ '   _  « «.v/ican, i'n,viuie, james .vieuovvei ,
McHenry, Mellvame. Marsh, Miller, MoseW, Niven, Pen-
1 fei T5 Rnrt>bun, Eeid, Uitte^ Julnib Roekw'ell, J.
; ' Koot.'Sdwtelle, Scairimon, Sohenck. Sever-
IhAiirf ST" All,ert Smith, Stephens, Stewart,
Vane"?' IS Ja^rt.ompson TiWe',,, ToVbS'. Trambo
i' 'Wbeaton, White   w.. • >
wooaruff, Young, and Yost-99.
Williams, Wintli'ropj ;
IK SENATE.
Saturday, July 11,1846.
A message was received from the President of
the United States announcing a report from thp
Department of War, in relation to the survey made ,
by the United States Engineers of the coast of
Texas.
Mr. HOUSTON moved that 2,000 extra copies
of this repon be printed; which was agreed to.
But the vote was afterwards reconsidered ore
motion of Mr. Houston.
i Mr. .0iX, from the Committee on Commerce,
| to whom had been recommitted yesterday the bill
I relating to the warehouse system, reported back
i the same with two amendments. The first was to
secure payment by compelling merchants to give
bonds, and the second to limit the time for the
goods to remain in store to one year. These
amendments had been made at the suggestion of
the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Davis.}
He desired to say that he should call up the bill
at one o'clock, not with a view that a .final vote
should be taken to-day, but to allow. Senators who
might be disposed to continue the discussion to
do so.
Mr. GREENE, from th® Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, made a report; but the name
! could not be distinctly heard.
The bill to authorise the President to increase
the navy of the United States by adding thereto
the navy of Texas> next came up for consideration;
when
Mr. HUNTINGTON said that the till had
been amended and the amendments ordered to be
printed, which had not yet been placed on their
tables; he hoped, therefore, the bill might be
passed over for the present, and the more particu-
larly as there were so many vacant seats.
Mr. RUSK assented to the suggestion.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the bill for the relief of Ross Winans.
The bill led to a long discussion, when an amend •
ment was moved by
Mr. "VVESTCOTT; after which the bill was
finally postponed until Monday next.
The hill for the relief of Ilenry Gardner and
others, directors of an association called the New
England and Mississippi Land Company, was
taken up, and made the special order for Saturday
next.
Mr. CASS gave notice that he should move to
call up the bill relating to the sale of the mineral
lands on Monday next, declaring it to be one of
great importance to Michigan, as well as other
States.
The bill to amend the act entitled " An act for the
regulation of seamen on board of the public and
private vessels of the United States," passed May
3, 1813, was taken up, and, after some discussion
between Mr. DICKINSON and Mr. BREE8E,
was postponed until Monday.
Mr. HOUSTON, from the Committee-on Print-
ing, reported the cost of printing Lieut. Abert's
report of his expediuon among the Camanches.
On motion of Mi. CASS,'2,000 extra copies,
j and 100 extra for the use of the Topographical bu-
reau, "were ordered to be printed.
The bill to provide for the payment of the evi-
dences of public debt in certain cases came up;
when
Mr. EVANS explained the object of the bill,
which was to provide for the payment of certain
treasury notes purloined from the custom-house at
New Orleans winch had failerf into the hands of
innocent parties, through the neglect of the proper
officers to have cancelled them in such manner as'
to have prevented them from being recirculated.
Mr. E. said that every necessary guard had been
thrown round the bill to prevent advantage being
taken of it.
Mr. BENTON intimating that the bill must lead
to discussion, it was passed over with a view to go
on with bills not likely to lead to debate.
The Senate then proceeded, to the consideration *
of the private calendar; when the following bills
were considered and passed:
