1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1079
Biil forth© relief of Nathaniel KuykendalL
Bill for the relief of Benjamin Ballard.
Bill for the relief of Ebenezer Ballard.
Bill for the relief of James Low.
Bill for the relief George Gordon, of Randolph
county, State of Illinois. .
Bill for the relief of Semington BufFenberger.
-Bill for the relief of Henry Newman.
Bill for the relief of Peter Yon Schmidt.
Bill for the relief of Joseph Ke tribal!.
Bill for the relief of Francis Sommeraner.
-Bill for the relief of Richard Kidd, and Benja-
min Kidd.
Bill for the relief of Thomas Rhodes.
Bill for the relief of James Irwin, of Arkansas,
and others.
Bill for the relief of the personal representatives
of William A. Slacum, deceased.
Bill for the relief of William McCauley.
Bill for the relief of John Ficklin.
Bill for the relief of Arthur R. Frogge, of Fen-
tress county, Tennessee.
Biil for the relief-of Joseph M. Rhea, of the
county of Sullivan, m the.State of Tennessee.
Bill for the relief of Peter Capelhi, administrator
of Andrew Capelki, deceased.
Biil for the relief of Richard 8. Coxe.
Bill to change the tune of holding the Federal
Court in North Carolina.
Bill for the relief of Harriet L. Catching.
Bdl for the relief of Thomas Brownell.
Biil for the relief of Joseph Wilson.
. Bill tor the relief of John E. Holland.
The following bills were indefinitely postponed:
Bill to pay for improvements on the Wyandot
lands in Ohio and'Michigan, m accordance with a
valuation made m "pursuance of the fifth article of
the treaty between the United States aud the Wy-
andot Indians, made at Upper Sandusky, March
17, 1842.
Bill declaring the assent of Congress to the State
of Illinois to impose a tax upon all lands hereafter
sold by the United States in that State, from and
after the time of such sale.
Bill to amend the act, approval June 17, 1844,
for the adjudication of private laud claims before
the courts, and for other purposes.
Bill supplementary to an act entitled "An act
enabling the claimants to lands within the limits of
the State of Missouri and Territory of Arkansas
to institute proceedings to try the validity of their
claims," approved the 26th of May, 1834*
Mr. DIX here moved to take up the bill relating
to the warehouse system. It would bo recollected
that he had given notice of his intention to have
called it up at one o'clock. It was then near three,
and he must persist in his motion.
This motion having been opposed by Mr. J. M.
CLAYTON and others, Mr. DIX yielded, in order
that the Senate might proceed with the private cal-
endar.
The following House bills were then considered
and passed:
A bill to legalize certain land sales at Chocchu-
ma, in the State of Mississippi.
A bill to establish a collection district at Chicago.
A bill for the relief of James Wyman.
A bill for the relief of John G. Piere.
A bill for the relief of Daniel Ingalls.
A bill f'orjJie relief of James Davidson.
A bill for the relief of George D. Spencer.
A bill for the relief of Adam McCullogh.
A billjfor the relief of Samj^son Brown.
A bill for the relief of Joseph VYatson.
A bill for the relief of James Mains.
And then the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, July 11, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
THE GRADUATION BILL.
The SPEAKER announced "the unfinished busi-
ness to be the bill " to reduce and graduate the
price of the public lands, and for other purposes;"
with the proposed amendments thereto.
The pending question being on the motion of
Mr. Collamer to lay the bill and the proposed
amendment [of Mr. Cobb] on the table.
Mr. RATHBUN moved that there be a call of
theJHouse; on which motion the vote stood—ayes
54, noes 26.
No quorum voting; but a call of the House was
ordered.
The Clerk called the roll, and 156 members an-
swered to their names.
A motion was made that all further proceedings
on the call be dispensed with.
But the House refused to suspend proceedings.
The names of the absentees were then called,
and 174 members appeared to be present,
A motion was made by Mr. JACOB THOMP-
SON that all further proceedings on the call be
dispensed with.
Mr. J. A. ROCKWELL asked the yeas and
nays; which were ordered.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON withdrew his mo-
tion.
The doors of the Hall were then closed, and i
the SPEAKER announced that excuses would be i
received for absent members. \
Mr. BEDIjVGER moved that all further pro- |
ceedings on the call he dispensed with. 1
Mr. J. A. ROCKWELL asked the yeas and !
nays, which were ordered; and, being-taken, were j
—yeas 145, nays 1*3. ,
j So all further proceedings on the call were sus- ]
| pended.
The question then recurring on the motion of
Mr. CoixAMGii, that the bill and amendment be
laid on the table.
The yeas and nays, heretofore asked, were now
ordered, and, being taken, resulted as follows:
YRAS-Mcwn. Abbot*, John Quinsy Arnold,
Barnngcr, H<1!, Benton, Bl.melt.utl, Hrodhwul, Millmi
Brown, Kuttmgron, William W. rniuplHl, John 11. ramp-
bell, Uumill, John 0. C<nK<*, Colluner, Collin,
Cnm>ton, Cio/,irr,Culver,<*!iri.'it Delano, Do Mott,
Dillingham, Divon, Ooekory, Edsulh ElUwoitli, Kidman,
John It. Kuinn, I'Mwtn H. Kwh.jr, Foot, Uirvm,
(.iuhhnn-s, (Jnoiljear, <«oidon, (ir.iliam, (Jridt i, <>nnmil,
(Jiowi, Iianijilon, Harper, llii.M H. Holmes, lJoii;{h, John
\V. Il'iiintoii, Samuel 1>. Hubhaul, Murium, Washington
Hunt, Joseph II. luifcir-oll, .1 'ukuw, Daniel J>. Kin}*, Pni-i<>n
Kirn?, Thomas B. Kim;, Li'ib, Lewi*, Met;ti an, Me-
Uenry, Mellvmne, M.irs-h, Miller, M.nu-I. y, N'lveu, !>< m!>-
ton, Itnnsoy, Kathbun, lUttn, Julius itockwell, John A. ,
Kockweii, Root, SehoiH'k, Sewi.nuv, Ttuman SinuluAI- 1
ben Smith, Stephow, Stewart, JSlrolini, S\ Kes, Ja*. Thomp-
hon, Tilden, Toonih-, Tinmt)<>, \ aiu'e. Vinton, WlHiiton, j
U'lnte, Wilmot, Wmtluop, Woodruff, Youn«, ;uel Yn>t— 1
iU i
NAYS—M'^srs, Slo|>hi>n Atkii^on, linlniueT, !
Jnnio-i A. Black, Bowim. Bowl, lhoekruliiou'jh, William C. i
Uiow ii. Hint, C.tilteait, Krahen Chapman,Cfue-«'. t.'ltipmnn, .
Claike, (;obb, Cultom, Cuiiian li.un, Daun'l, I)<ii£uu, Dob- I
bin, Douglass, Droma;oole, Dunlap, Fanin, Ficklin, Kne^, '
Giles, Hamlin, Haralson, Hoge, Hopkins, George
►S. Houston, Edmund W. Hnbard, Hunter, Charles J, Ingoi-
koII, James II. Johnson, Joneph Johnson, Andrew Johnson,
Kaufmau, Leake, La Sere, Lumpkin, Muelay, MeCIolland,
MeCleruand, MeCoimeil, MeCrate, Jiwph J. McDowell,
James McDowell, Me«au<rhey, McKay, John V. Maitin,
Barkley Martin, Moms Morse, Mmilton, Nvoni>, Owen,
Parrbh, Faj no, Perrill, Phelps l>ill*t>ury,R. i<l, KeH'e, HhWt,
Robetts Sawtelle, Simyei, Seimmion, Sf ddon, Leonaid
II. Sims, Simpson, Thomas Smith, Caleb li. Snath, Robert
Smith, Stanton, Staikwentbcr, Stronir, Jmnb 'I'hoinp-ou,
Tibbatt«, 'J'tedway, Wentwolth, VVn-k, Williams, and
Woodward—B9.
So the bill ami amendment were laid on the
table.
Mr. GORDON moved a reconsideration of the
vote.
Mr. COBB asked the yeas and imys; wliioh
were ordered.
Mr. BRODHEAD demanded the previous ques-
tion on the, motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER said it was not necessary; the
motion to reconsider a vote layin; a subject on the
table not being debatable.
Mr. HENLEY moved that the consideration of
the motion to reconsider be postponed until Tues-
day next.
Mr. COLLAMER and Mr. W. HUNT asked
the yeas and nays, which were oideied, and, being
taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. fUi'phi'ii Adams, Atkinson, B.ijly, lieit-
,n"c>r James A lilack, Bmvhii, fioyl, llvoeki'iilnoiuill. Wil-
li lull G. Blown. Buil, Oathcait, Ausillstus A. Chapman,
KrahenChapman, Chase, Clupimm, Clarke, Cohli, Cntlora,
Cniininniiain, Oahitl, Daisan, Dolibin, T)ou la"f, Diom-
"oole, Pnnlaii, Faian, Fteklm, Flics, Giles, Hamlin, Hai-
aKon, Ilarmanson. Hentcy, lloge, Hopkins, Houe;1), Gcoree
S Houston, Kilniuiut W. Ilubard, Hauler, Charli-s J. Inget-
soll James H. Johnson, Joseph Johnson, George W. Jones,
k-infmaii. X.eake, La Seie, Lumpkin, Maelay, jreClelland,
MeCternand, MeConnell, IMeCiate, Joseph J. McDowell,
James MeDnwell, McKay, John I>. Martin, Bnrklcy Martin,
Morns, Morse, Moulton, Noriis, Owen, Parusll, Payne, Per-
rill Phelps, Pillsburv.Reid, Kelfe, Elictt, Roherl-s, Sawtetle,
Sawyer, Scammon," Seddon, Leonard H. Sims, Simpson,
Thos Smith, Robert Smith, Stanton, Starkweather, Strnno,
Jacob Thompson Tibbatts, Tredvvay, Wentwortli, Wick,
Williams, and Woodward—89.
NAVS—Messrs. Abljott, John amncy Adams, Arnold,
Barrin cr, Bell, Benton, Blanehard, Biodhead, M. Brown,
BufBngton, William, W. Campbell, John H. Campbell, Car-
roll, J. G. Chapman, Cocke, Collamer, Collin, Cranston,
Crozier, Culver, Garrett Davis, Delano, De Mott, Dilling-
ham, Dixou, Doekery, Eilsall, Elisivoitli, Eidinan, Jobn
It. Ewing, Edwin H. Ewmg, Foot, Gnrvm, Gentrv, Cid-
soll, Jenkins, Audi ew Johnson, Daniel P. Km!!, 1. Kmc,
Thos. B. King, £<eib, Lewis, Long, MeClean, McGiiugiiey,
MoIIenry, Mellvainc, Marsh, Miller, Moseley,Niven, Teii-
cllcton, Itainscv, Eathlmn, Ritter, Julius Rockwell, Joins A.
Rockwell, Root, Schenck, Severance, Truman Smith, A.
Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stephens, Stewart, Strohm, Sj kes,
J.imes Thompson, Ttltlen, Toombs, Trambo, Vance, Vin-
ton, Wheat™, White, Wilmot, Wmtlirop, Woodrutt,
Young, and Vost—C4.
So the consideration of the motion was not post-
poned. .
The question " Shall the vote by wluch the said,
bill and amendment were laid 011 the table be re-
cini.sidcrcd ?" then recurred, and was taken with
the following; result:
VS—M^n-rs. Stephen Adams, Atkinson, Bayly, Bed-
ui«er, James A. Black, Bmvhn, Boyd,Brcckenhlougli, Win.
G. B.own, Bint, Catheart, Aiiauyus A. Chapman, Reuben
Chapman, Cnuse, Chiinniui, Cl.nkc, Cobb, Cultom, Cun-
miijrliani. Daniel, D.ugan, Dobbin, Dou lass, Diomgoole,
iltmiap, Faum, Ficklin, Flies, Giles, HainJni, Har.ibon,
llirinanson, Hi'liley, Iloge, Hopkins, Hough, Geoise S.
! ]|, u-ton, F.dmuud W. Hubard, Hunter,Chnrlei J. Ingeivoll,
' James IL John.-on, Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson, Geo.
1 W. Joues, Kaufman, Leake, LaSere, Lumpknl, Maelay,
' Jli-ClcUaucI, MeO'lernaud, MeConnell, McCiatc, Joseph J.
i Mi-Howell, .lames VleDowcll, McGnughey, McKay, John P.
llariin, Barktcv .Martin, Morris, Moultmi, Norns, Owen,
I I'nrn-h.I'avni'/i'l'rrill, Phelp., Pillsburj, lieid, Belle, Itlielt,
1 ltobert!-. San telle. Sawyer, Scammon, Si ildmi, Leonaid H.
1 Sims, SiniphOn, Thomas Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Robert
| Smith, Stanton, Starkweather, Strong, Jacob Thompson,
j Tihb.iUs, Trcdway, Wcntw orlli, Wick, Williams, and
Wonilward—til.
■ NAYS— M.-isrs. Abbott, John ftuincy Adams, Arnold,
! liariin^er. lii'll, Blanehard, Brodhcatt, Milton Blown, Buf-
tn.gt.ur, Willi.im W. Campbell, John H. Campbell, Can nil,
!i John ti Cinipmiin, Cocke, Collamer, Cranston, C.nzier,
!: CulMT, G.urctt D.1V1.,, Uelauo, DeMott, Dillingliam, Dixon,
llo. krij , Ed-all, I'illsw orth, Erih.ii.il, John H-Enin-r, 1C. H.
1 lining, Foot Foster, tiarvin, Gentry, Giddin s, Goodviai,
I (Joi.l.m, Graham, Grider, Gruinell, Grover, Haiupton, Har-
1 ni l, Ell,is 11. Holmes, John W. Houston, S.uuu. I I). Ilul!-
> hin d, Hudson, Washington limit, Jos-.R. tngorsoll, Jenkins,
1 Daniel 1'. King, I'rcston King, Tlion.as llutler King, Leib,
Lewm, Long, MeClean, Mellciny, Mcllvanic, Maish, MiU
1.1, Mum lev, Nivcn, I'endhHiin, Bmiisey, liatlibuu, Sitter,
' Ji.H.k llneknell, John A. Rockwell, Root, Schenck, Sev-
1 ciaui-e, Triinian Smith, Albett Smith, Stephens, Stewart,
Si.ohm, S\ lies, James Thnmp-on, Tild' O, Toomlis, T. 11111-
!„,, \ iinri',' Vmt.m, Wlicaton, White, Wilmot, Winthrop,
W'oodt.ul, Young,unit Yost—00.
So the vote was reconsidered.
The question then again recurred on the motion
of Mr. Coij.amer, that the bill and proposed
amendment be laid 011 the table.
Mr. DANIEL inmiiied of the Chair whether a
motion to postpone the consideration of that mo-
tion would now be ill order?
The SPEAKER said not; a motion to that effect
having already been taken and decided in the neg-
ative.
Mr. C013B inquired of the Speaker whether the
stale of the question was not now different from
thai which it was at the time the former vote lmd
been taken on the motion to postpone?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vermont
moved to lay the lull on the lable. That motion
prevailed. The vote was reconsidered. The ques-
tion now recurs on the motion to lay the bill and
amendment on the table. The Chair is under the
impression that it would not be, in order to move
the postponement of the question, whilst the de-
mand (made last evening) by the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Cobij] on his amendment for the pre-
\ious question is pending. If the previous ques-
tion was not pending, the motion to postpone would
be m order.
Mr. HENLEY. Will it be in order to move a
reconsideiatioii of the vote by which the previous
question was ordered ?
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
not yet been ordered.
Mr. COBB. Can I withdraw the demand for
the previous question pending the motion to lay on
the table >
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
gentleman has the power to do so.
° Mr. COBB. And will a motion to postpone be
then in order ?
Tne SPEAKER. Yes; if the gentleman with-
draws the demand for the previous question.
Mr. COBB. Then I withdraw it. And I move
to postpone the further consideration of the motion
to lay the bill on the table until Tuesday morning
next.
Mr. DANIEL rose and addressed the chair. ■
