1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1081
with amendments, was then taken up for consid-
eration, the question pending being on the two
amendments reported by the Committee on Com-
merce, on the recommittal of said bill, alluded to
on Saturday;.which were agreed to.
Mr. HUNTINGTON submitted two amend-
ments, to which Mr. Dix assented, and which were
agreed to.
Hi*. H. also moved to add the following section
to the bill:
Sec. 5. Be it further enacted, That no importer shall be
permitted to deposite any quantity of goods in a warehouse
for the benefit of this act, or to remove any quantity of goods
from any warehouse when so deposited, the duties on which
goods so to he deposited or removed atone and the same time,
shall not amount to at leastone hundred and fifty dollars.
Upon this amendment the yeas and nays were
ordered, and, being taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Cameron, Cilley, T.
Clayton, Coiwin,Crittenden, Davis, Dayton, Evans, Greene,
Huntington, Jarna§m, Johnson of Maryland, Mangum, Mil-
ler, Morehead, Niles, Phelps, Simmons, Sturgeon, Upham,
and Woodbridge—23.
NAYS—-Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atherton, Bagby, Benton,
Breese, Bright, Calhoun, Cass, Chalmers, Colquitt, Dickin-
son, Dix, Fairfield, Hannegan, Haywood, Houston, John-
son of Louisiana, Lewis, McDuffie, Pennybacker, Ru^k,
Sevier, Speight, Tuiney, Webster, Westeott, and Yulee
—28.
1 So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, submitted the
following amendment:
Insert in section 1st, line 28, after " warehous-
ing," the following:
Provided, however, that the said owner, impoiter, con-
signee, oi agent, shall at llio tune of entering the same for
wai chousing under this act, declare in writing'whioh of such
poods, wares, and merchandise, are entered for consump-
tion in the United States, and which for exportation to ports
oi places bevond the United Suites-; arid that such goods,
wares, and merchandise, so entered for consumption within
the United States, shall not he withdiawu from such ware-
housing, under this act, without the payment of duties
theieon.
Mr. SPEIGHT moved that the further consid-
eration of the subject be postponed until to-mor-
row; which motion was agreed to.
THE TARIFF.
The Senate then, as in committee of the whole,
proceeded to the consideration of the tariff bill.
Mr. LEWIS rose, and addressed the Senate as
follows; From my position in the Oommittcoof
Finance, it bocomes my duty to present to the con-
sideration of the Senate the result of such attention
as I have been able to bestow on the bill now be-
fore this body. I regret that owing to the short-
ness of the time which circumstances have per-
mitted for the examination of the bill, and, from
thus being deprived of much valuable aid which I
might otherwise have obtained from the Treasury
Department, my review of the provisions of the
bill will be necessarily less perfect than I would
have desired. In attempting the discharge of the
duty now devolving upon me, I shall say nothing
on the protective character of this bill, deeply as I
feel interested in that question. I must leave that
portion of the subject to other and abler hands, and
examine the measure merely as a measure of reve-
nue, with the view of ascertaining how far it will
sustain the financial purposes of the Government.
As may be readily conceived, one of the principal
objections which will be urged against this bill is
that founded on the entirely ad valorem character
of its provisions. It appears to be taken for
granted by gentlemen that ad valorem duties can-
not be depended upon for revenue, and that in
order to raise a revenue or to fix the duties at such
a rate as will secure any considerable amount of
revenue, you must resort to specific duties. This
proposition, m my judgment, is one of those ax-
iomatic errors which, upon examination, will be
found to be wholly fallacious. I think it will be
found that ad valoremduties, which it is admitted
by all are the fairest, inasmuch as they are more
open and better understood, will be found fully
adequate in raising revenue. But under what cir-
cumstances are these duties objected to? Under
circumstances which would, on their very face,
show—so far as I remember—that they are more
efficient than specific duties. By the tariff of
1842, the amount raised by ad valorem duties last
year was $15,722,811, raised from specific duties
$13,200,118, and that, too, although the principal
articles of heavier consumption—iron, sugar, mo-
lasses, salt—all those articles, in foct, to which it
was attempted to give the highest protection, paid
specific duties. Now it appears, that under the ad
valorem duties, we already raise much more than
the half of our revenue; it therefore becomes our
d u ty, before d iscred i ting so large a sou rce of re ven u e,
to inquire into the objections urged against this ad
valorem principle, so that it may at least be allowed
a fair hearing. It is to this investigation that I now
invite the Senate. One of the objections urged
against ad valorem duties is, that the revenue will
be defrauded by false invoices. I ask, in reply,
what adequate motive can a man have in making
out a false invoice? In the first place, there arc
the heaviest penalties imposed on making out a
false invoice. The offence is punished by im-
prisonment in the State prison*, and if made out,
even innocently, the forfeiture of one-half of the
goods is almost certain. What, then, is to be
gained, in the face of those penalties, by making
out a false invoice? I hold m my hand a state-
ment, which has been prepared with great accu-
racy, for the purpose of showing the amount which
would be gained by undervaluation. [Mr. L. then
explained the contents of the following statement:]
Supposed cost of goods abroad $100; duties (20
per cent.,) would be $120; cost and duties equal to
$120. Supposed under valuation 5 per cent.,
would leave #95; duties 20 per cent, on would
be §19; cost and duties equal to §119—§100: gain
on which is 85*J00 per cent.
Supposed cost, $100; duties 20 per cent., arc
§20; cost and duties equal to $120. At under val-
uation of 10 per ccnt. is $90; duties (20 per cent.)
on which is $18; cost and duties equal to $118—
$2 00: or gain on which is I 70-100 per cent.
Supposed cost, tylOO: regular duties are $20; cost
and duties equal to $120. Under valuation at 15
per cent., $85; duties on which are $17; cost and
duties equal to #117—-S3 00: gam on which is
2 55-100 per cent.
Supposed cost, #100; regular duty is $20; cost
and duties $120. Under valuation at 20 per cent.,
#R0; duty on which is cost and duties $.116—
$4 00: gain on which is 3 44-100 nor cent.
Supposed cost, $100; regular duty is $20; cost
nnd duty $120. tinder valuation 25 percent., ^75;
duty on which is $15; cost and duty, $115—$5 00:
gain on which is 4 35-100 per ccnl.
Supposed cost, $100; duty on which is $20; cost
nnd duty $120. Under valuation nt 30 per cent.,
$70; duty on which is $1 I: cost and duty, fr.114—
$6 00: ^ani on which is 5 20-100 per cent.
Now I take it that before any sensible trader
would make out a false invoice, he would pause.
No man in his sober senses would incur such a risk
for suchn paltry consideration. He would not at-
tempt to undervalue an orticle in open market, the
value of which would be'so well known to an ap-
praiser. If the dishonest trader, who would do
such a thing, should escape the State; prison—if
he should escape the heavy forfeiture of the bill
of 1842, he would gain, as shown by the state-
ment, on the highest undei vnluation, but four or
five per cent. 1 say, therefore, that there is no
adequate motive for such fraudulent invoice. Nor
do I believe that such are ever made. I might
dwell longer on this point, but T suppose enough
has been said to show the futility of the objection.
Rut suppose there was an adequate motive on the
part of the importer to induce, him to undervalue his
goods; suppose he had the prospect of thus gain-
ing something by succeeding, or, in other wouls,
suppose that there was a sufficient inducement
in the case; yet he would not succeed. Why?
Bccause, simply, the duties are declared not upon
his invoice, but upon the actual valuation. The
duties arc not founded on his invoice; though the
law requires him to make out an invoice, yet the
valuers are not to determine, by that invoice, but
by many invoices. The officers who value the
goods are men selected for their experienced judg-
ment and knowledge of the goods; who are daily
in the habit of appraising goods, and in that way,
and in consequence of constant association with
commercial men, become thoroughly acquainted
with the actual market xalue of the goods, arriving
at the proper conclusion as to the price of each
article. The appraisement, then, is not at all con-
trolled or influenced by the invoice made out by
the importer. On the contrary, the valuation is
made of the goods in the foreign market; and if
there is any error made, it is more likely to be in
favor of the Government, as there is the strongest
inducement to make the valuation over and above
the invoice. Now, I ask, is it reasonable to sup-
pose that any three or four practical merchants of
common intelligence and common honesty would
appraise goods ten days before establishing a uni-
formity of appraisement and value r The goods
are subject, I admit, to occasional variation in
prices, but in the main there is uniformity. But
the appraisers would not be likely to value one set
of goods at one value to-day, and at another value
to-morrow. There will be of necessity uniformity
in their decisions; and if so, why fear the effect of
under-valuation? Is that likely, when it is the
direct interest of every man in the custom-house
to prove that an exporter has under-valued his
goods and invoiced them at too low a price? But
I go further. I will show, that so far from the im-
porter having an interest in under-valuing his
goods, he has a direct interest the other way
—that it is to his advantage to over-value his
goods. How? Why to avoid the possibility of
incurring the heavy penalty of the law. I have
already stud that he can gain nothing by under-
valuing his goods by making out a false invoice,
as the appraisers are regulated by rules which he
cannot control. If he swears to a cost below the
valuation of the appraisers, they at once declare
that the goods are placed by him below their value,
<frc„ and forfeiture follows, and that without trial
or jury. It is a summary process. Very often
an 'exporter would gladly £ive the value of his
goods. He is required to give the cost, and com-
plies, protesting that it is not the value—that it is
abo\ e the value. But the appraisers say that that
is no consideration to them; they declare that he
lias forfeited under the law, and he is held to ihe
forfeiture. I hold in my hand a statement from a
reliable source, illustrative of this case. In 1841,
Mr. John A. Ncwbould, of New York, contract-
ed with an ironmonger of Birmingham for certain
kinds of goods, to be delivered in equal quantities
for five consecutive years. In the mean time, iron
rose in value so much as to compel the ironmonger
to uunc the price of his mticlc to all his other cus-
tomers 20 per cent. He still continued to send
them to Mfr. Newbould according to contract.
The appraisers nt the custom-house, observing the
discrepancy between the invoices of Mr. New-
bould and his neighbors, felt themselves bound
under the law to impose not only the same duty
as the others paid, hut also the penalty of 50 per
cent., required by the act of 1842. The law allow-
ed no discretion. Nobody doubted the character
of the transaction, as Mr. Ncwbould then, and
now, stood as high as any importer in New York.
Mr. Newbould was obliged to give up his good
contract, as it was a losing business. Great num-
bers of importers have thus been obliged to order
their goods to he invoiced at higher rates, to avoid
the penalty. And yet gentlemen tell us that the
effect of this law will he to induce importers to
undervalue, their goods, and thus cheat the Gov-
ernment of so much revenue.
Mr. WEttSTER. I hope that the honorable
member will hand his documents to the chair, or
put them in such a form that we can have access
to them.
Mr. LEWIS. 1 shall have them published, sir.
I have thus shown that tt is a privilege to allow
over-vnluation of goods, nolgncn by the law of
1842, but given by this bill; and in oider that all
may see that, I aslc the Clerk to read the eighth sec-
tion of the hill.
The Clerk read the section, which is as follows:
cc St-.c. S Jlnd be it fmthrr cmtctcd, That it «hull he lawful
for the owner, consignee, or asjeut ofmipoits winch have
been actually purchased, on entn ot the same to make Mich
addition m the entry to the cost or value inven in tlie in-
voice, a-- in his opinion may rai>e the snmc to the tine mar-
ket value of such imports in the principal markets of the
countrv whence the importation shall have been made, or
in which the goods imported fhaif have been originally man-
ufactured oi produced, as the ease may he; and to add
theieto all eo^ts and charges which, under existing law**,
would form part of the true value at the port wheie the same
may he entered, upon winch the duties should be assessed.
And it shall be the duty of the collector within whose dt-*-
trief the same maj he imported or entered, to cause thp du-
tiable value of such imports to be appraised, estimated, and
ascertained, in accordance with the provisions of existing
laws; and if the appraised value thereof shall exceed bvten
per centum or moie the value so declared on the entry.then,
m addition to the duties imposed by iaw on the same, there
shall be levied, collected and paid, a duty of twenty per cen-
tum ad valorem on such appraised value: Provided, never-
theless, That under no circumstances shall the duty be as-
sessed upon an amount less than the invoice value; any law
of Congress to the contrary notwithstanding."
Now, sir, this bill, as a special favor, gives to
theimpojter the privilege of over-valuation in order
to avoid the consequences of under-valuation. Yet
