* 1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1088
Rtant. succession of checks against fraud is thus jj
established. Under the specific duty; system the !j
case is altogether different, the article passing jj
, through the hands of but one officer, who, sifter the 1
" process of weighing, measuring, or gauging, passes j
the article to the hands of the importer, without be- j
ving subjected to the salutary check which the other .
system interposes against collusion and fraud. Un- j
dersuch a system I need not say a single officer mny j
defraud the Government to an immense amount i
with impunity. I do not say that such a species
of fraud is'eommon, but I maintain that the prob-
abilities of the occurrence of fraud under the prey- i
ent system are infinitely stronger than it would be .
under the system which this bill seeks to establish;
inasmuch as in the one case the article passes
through the hands of a single officer; in the other
case through the hands of several. Let me dwell
on this a moment longer. We will suppose an
officer weighing any amount of silk—how easy
for him to trip the beam, or fraudulently to state a
wrong result. If he makes a mistake in w'eighmg,
who is to detect it? If absurd enough to make it
in measuring, he may be detected, but in that case
he can easily escape under color of an innocent
error of calculation. 1 am thus fully sustained in ;
the assertion, that the chances of fraud, collusion, \
and mistake, under the specific duty system are |
numerous; under the ad valorem system they can-
not occur. But, sir, if there are no mistakes, or
no frauds committed by public officers—supposing !
all your officers to be models of purity and fideli-
ty—still I maintain that it is infinitely more diffi-
cult to detcct mistakes, fraudulent or otherwise, :
in measuring piece-goods, under the specific duty
system, than it is to detect fraud or error m valua-
tions under the ad valorem system. If you wish :
to avoid frauds, instead of abandoning the ad valo-
rem system, adhere more closely to it. The prob-
ability of frauds under the one and under the other
system, is as ten to one. Under the bill now be-
fore you, you will have fewer frauds lhan ever have ;
been perpetrated under any other revenue law. j
You will collect the duties with more certainty and j
at less expense, with the smallest possible probabil- |
ity of fraud, and then it has the great merit on its lace
of carrying the rate of duty witiiit. ISut there is an-
other objection. It is grounded on the assumption
that the value of the goods will diminish in conse-
quence of improved systems of manufacture. That
lias been the result of our experience. Aspecifiedu-
ty may be imposed with thd view of making it oue-
lialf the value of the article, smd yet, by a gradual
fall in the price the duty may come to amount to
the full value of the article. Thus a duty of 50
percent, may become cent per cent., and thus,
under a system of specific duties, you must ever
be doing that of which some gentlemen entertain
such religious horror—you must be constantly
tinkering with the tariff; you must have continual
recourse to legislation, in order to relieve your-
selves from the fluctuations in the price of articles
subjected to specific duties. Another objection is,
that specific duties make no distinction between
coarse and fine goods. A large proportion ol the
people are compelled>to purchase coarse articles on
account of their cheapness. To discriminate against
coarse goods is, therefore, to discriminate against
poveity—against the masses—against the people;
to benefit a few at the expense of the many. If
ever there were a more unjust system of laying
duties than that against which 1 am now speak-
in"', I have yet to learn of it. I do tnink that all
intelligent and impartial men must agree with me,
that the tariff of 1842 is full of instances of the
gross absurdity and gross injustice of taxing arti-
cles nearly the same at very different rates without
any reason, except that generally the highest rates
are imposed on the coarse articles. To show the
inequality of the specific duties, 1 may mention a
fact recently communicated to me. I am told that
a lady's shawl of great value, lately imported paid
only about one per cent., the specific duty being
levied on its weight, and this was so fine anu costly
that the duty amounted to but one per cent. Such
are the inequalities of specific duties. I defy gen-
tlemen to show such injustice and inequality under
the ad valorem system. But if there were no
other objection than this to specific duties, that
they concealed, and are intended to conceal, the
amount of duty, it were sufficient to condemn
them For I take it that these duties never could
have been levied if they had been levied m broad
day; and in plain English, if the people of the
country had known how much they paid. I re- i
peat, then, sir, the effect of the specific duties is |
to conceal the amount of duty, and that is their ;
object. Sir, I consider that it ,is the very essence :
of liberty, under any system of government, that i
the people should know the amount of their taxa- i
tion. I need not enlarge on that. There can be j
no genuine freedom—uiere can be no practical j
liberty—where every man does not know the ex- .
tent to which "he is taxed by his Government.
But, Mr. President, I take it for granted that the j
great objection which will be urged against this bill :
will be that an adequate revenue will not be raised
by it for the purposes of Government. Such a de-
ficiency could result only in one case, and that is,
if the duties were laid so high as to be prohibitory,
thus preventing importations. I take it for granted,
that if the duties are considerably reduced, so much
so as to lead to a very large importation, we can
have upon an average 21 i per cent., which would
give us twenty-eight millions of revenue. But
gentlemen tell us that this will not produce revenue
enough. None of them, however, have the hardi-
hood to say that it will be because the duties are !
prohibitory. Now I hold that the duties are still ,
too high. I maintain that by a farther reduction \
we could obtain more revenue. It is difficult to !
determine on what articles the increased reduction '
should be made, but I have no doubt that 30 per <
cent., or per cent., is too high m the aggregate !
for a revenue duty, and that on the mass of articles
we would raise more revenue at 25 per cent, than
at 30; and still more at 21) per cent, than at 25
per cent. That is my opinion. Now, one set of
gentlemen will tell you in one breath, that by this 1
bill we never can rinse a revenue, and in the very
next breath, speaking for the nianufactureis, ihey
declare that we will be inundated with importa-
tions—Hooded with Kuglish irooils. Well, then, I
can only say we will also be inundated with rev-
enue. In my opinion the inundation will not be
so great as it ought to be. A lower duty would
produce a greater importation, and consequently n
larger revenue. Therefore, though 1 do not look
for a very heavy inundation, yet 1 expect one suf-
ficient to give us twenty-eight or thirty millions
of revenue. No man , Mr, cue look o\er the statis-
tics of this country, cnch in the most desultory
manner, and remain unconvinced of the justice of
this expectation. We have had a very heavy free
list, which we have abolished in this bill. We
have put duties on everything, and on some of the
articles included in the free list to which X have
just alluded we have imposed the highest rate of
duty. But what will be the probable amount of
duties under this bill, is necessarily to some extent,
a matter of conjecture, liveiy one is entitled to
the privilege of guessing. I have made an estimate
with some care, though of course not with any ex-
pectation of approximating to the accuracy of the
calculations made by the Treasury Department.
But so far as I have been able, and entirely inde-
pendent of the department, I have made an esti-
mate, using the best aid that I could find, and the
fullest information which the shortness of the time
allowed me to collect, founding my estimate upon
the importation of last year, I make out, under the
new bill, duties to the amount of ^,23,88G,(157—
within a small fraction of twenty-four millions.
Adding to that the estimated increase of duties,
$4,470,883, and we have a total of S2ti,357,540.
lVJr. CAMERON. Alter paying expenses?
Mr. LEWIS. Yes.
Mr. CAMERON. On what do you base your
calculation ?
Mr.jLKWIS replied,on the importations of last
year; and proceeded: But will there be an increase
of importations ? That is an important question;
and it is one which every Senator should address
to himself. I think there will he a considerable
increase; and in that opinion I am persuaded every
Senator within the sound of my voice, after a can-
did examination of the subject, must concur. On
what do I giound this opinion ? The answer is
easy and obvious. First, I look for an increase of
importations from the operation of a cause which
must continue to exist—the rapid augmentation of
the population,-resources,and commeicial activity
of the country. Taking an average of ten years,
the increase has been 25 per cent. Secondly, the
annexation of Texas to the Union. It is true the
population of that State is not, in itself, of import-
ance in this calculation, but it is the addition of a
large exporting section of the finest cotton-growing
land in the world, to which I would point as one
of the causes of that augmented importation of
which I am speaking. The exportation from that
section will, of course, form the basis of an impor-
tation of goods to an equal amount, and of import-
ance sufficient to be included in this calculation.
But again: there is another source to which I look
with great confidence and with great interest, as
certain to produce a vast increase in our importa-
tions. I allude to the relaxation of duties on Amer-
ican produce by Great Britain. The extent or
this increase no man can, of course, predict; but
that it will be large, no man can doubt. I have a
| table here by which I will show the magnetic speed
I with which our exports have increased, even in
I anticipation of the modification of the corn-law
I system of England.
: The effect of the corn-law in anticipation mere-
ly in the city of New York on exports is as fol-
! lows :
j From Jan. 1 to Jane 30, 18-Jfi.
i Corn, (bushels) ,..529.697
I Comment, (inbarrels)....54,137
! Lard, (kegs) 70,737
I Wheat  ifcJ2.yfc8
I Flour, (wheat)
' Rye flour.
mo,
73,*iGt> (7 times ns great.)
13,„'07 (■!£ unit's as great.)
41.9rH) (nearly double.)
11.6Ui) (r^OO times as much.)
414,075 103,614 (4 times' as much.)
.6,499 2,70J (2i uniesasmucli.)
Buttci 19,037 15,631 (Inasmuch.)
Such is the ascertained result not of the actual
reduction, but only of the anticipation of the reduc-
■ i tion of the English corn laws. What, let me ask,
must he the effect of their total repeal by the pas-
! sage of Sir Robert Peel's law, which I am told hna
| reached m in an authentic form, in a paper not
now before me? I have read these extracts from
■; a Whig paper—from a tariff paper—the New York
■ Tubune.
Mr. WEBSTER. Have you stated to what
; place these exports were made?
/ Mr. LEWIS. Piincipally to England.
Mr. JOHNSON, ofMaryland, inquired the date
1 of the paper.
Mr. LEWIS replied that he had received it yes-
; terday. Now 1 ask (he continued) if, under the
! tariff'of 1842—bad as it is, and it is worse than
I anything that people (should ever submit to—if
even under that law, in anticipation of the action
. ofihe Hritish Parliament on the corn laws, the ex-
position of American produce was so vastly aug-
!' mooted, what is not to be expected from the oper-
ation of a law which must necessarily tend in itself
to increase importations after that anticipated ac-
tion had taken place? What is not to be expected
when reduction has taken place at both ends of
the line? There must of necessity be a greatly
increased elasticity in all commercial operations,
and imports and exports must go on augmenting
\\ till \ustly increased activity. It is difficult to say
what iticrca.sc of imports may flow from the re-
duction of duties, but I ask, is it not a neces-
sary consequence of reduced duties to have in*
creased importations? Do not the reduction of
duties, and the increase of importations, sustain the
same relations to each other as causc and effect?
When lui.s there been a reduction on the rates of
postage that has not been followed by an increased
correspondence? I have now before mc a document
which came fiom a soutce of the highest respecta-
bility, and which will be regarded ns possessing no
mean authority on the other side of the Senate. The
document was politely furnished to me by the
vSenator from Rhode Island, [Mr. Simmon's,] one
of (he most distinguished advocates of the tariff of
184*2. It is his testimony 111 favor of a still farther
reduction of postage, on the principle that the
reduction of the rate must of necessity be followed
j by an increase of correspondence and consequent
I increase of revenue. And yet our honorable friend
1 will contend, as strenuously as any man on this
1 floor, that if we reduce the tariff we will ha\e <i
J vast, falling off in the revenue. The gentleman is
1 willing to reduce the postage, because, as he prop-
| erly argues, it will increase the revenue, but he
j will give us no reduction of duties on imported
: goods, because he says that it will reduce the reve-
nue. Lord protect us from such reasoning! If
! we could get any series of years during which a
i tariff law similar to that imposed in this bill had
been in operation, we might obtain the basis of an
accurate calculation. But it so happens, with
so much vigilance has the protective policy been
guarded, that we cannot find such a basis. The
last five years of the Compromise act are the five
lowest years that can be found, and yet I will take
them as the basis of calculation—a basis very
