J
1086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
cart, Reuben Chapman, Chase, Chipman, Cobb, Cocke, |
Collin, Ciozior, Cullom, Cummins, Dai arm, Darragh, Gurett
Davis, De Mott. Dillingham, Dixon, Dobbin. Doekery, Doug- !
las?, Dunlap, Etlswoith, Eidman, John il. Jiwirtg, Favatt, j
Pioklin, Foot. Foster, Fri^, Ga \in, Gentry, Giles. Graham, ,
Gridcr, Hamlin, Hampton. Uiral«on, Harper, Hen lev, Hoyo, j
Eh as B. Holmes. John W. Houston, George S. Houston,
Elmunri W. lluhaul, Samuel P. Hubbaid, W^hingtou J
Hunt, C. J In-reiNoH, Jenkins. J. II. Johnson. Andrew John- ; ■
son, Joseph John-son. Georyo W. Jones, Kaufman,Daniel P. j1
Kme. Thomas Butler Kins, La Sere, Lewis Long, Maclay, ! j
McClean, McCloUand, r ieClernand, McUonncll, Joseph !
J. McDo\volJ, Jairie> McDowell, McGaughey, Mclienry, j;
Baikley Mtutin, Millr-r. Morns, Mor^e, Moseley, Niven,
Owen, I'mrixh, Payne, Pillsbury, "ReJfc, Robert^, John A. jj
Rockwell, Sawtelle, Schenck, Soddon, Severanee, Alexan-
der D. fc?ims, Leonard H. Sims, Albert Smith, Thomas
Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Kobcit Smith, Stanton, Staik-
woatlier, Stephen*, Stewart, Strohni, Strong, Tlnbodeaux,
Thoma^on, Jacob Thompson, Thurman, Tibbatt*, Til-
den. Trumbo, Vance, Vmton, Wentworth, White, Wiek,
Williams. Wmthrop, Woodruff, "Woodward,'Wright, and
Yoims*—1*29.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott. A?hmun,Atkinson, Bayly,Bedin- i
ger, Biodhoad, John G. Chapman, Augustus A.'Chapman, '!
Clarke, Cranston, Culver, Droingoolo, Gukhnc, Goidon, |i
GnnncU, Crovc\, Hopkins, Joseph R. Inaeisoll, Preston i
Khils Lfake, Jjeib, Mcllvaine, McKay, Maish, Moultoti, j
Norns. Pendleton, Rathhun. Reid, Rhett, Juhns Rockwell,
Root. Sawyer, Pcammon, Seaman, Truman Smith, Sjke^, !;
Tredway, and Yost—'39. ]
So, two-thirds voting in the affirmative, the rales j;
were suspended. ■:
And the resolution being: thus before the House, .j
Mr. P. demanded the previous question. \
Mr. GEORGE S. HOUSTON wished to offer I
the following' as a substitute for his colleague"^ '
[Mr. Payne's] resolution, which, Mr. ii. said, i;
was more comprehensive and just; it included the jj
expense as well as the pay to the volunteers who Jj
were not received into the service of the United H
States: j:
Res-ihcd, That the Committee of Ways and Means be in-
Rti iicted to inquno into the expediency of reporting n lull 1
ptoviding foi the pavmont of such of the rejected volunteers j i
a-> were called out by General Gaine« or Taxlor, or by oider
of the Wai Department, the compensation allowed by law to ''
volunteers received mto the service of the United State?,
from the tune they loft ihesr hornet until their retmn. AI?o
the expenses of such of s>:ud rejected volunteeis and com- n
panics as were mciured in their proper equipment and ne- [i
ce-^ary preparation for the seivice. j
Mr. P. not withdrawing the demand, the substi- ,
tute was not entertained. \\
The previous question was seconded. The main ji
question was ordered, and, being taken, the reso- jj
lution was adopted. f
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the rules were sua- ;[
ponded for ono hour, for the purpose of calling for j!
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES. !■
Mr. JOtTN A. ROCKWELL, from the Com- !|
mitree of Claims, made adverse reports upon the jj
petitions of James Waiman and of Samuel Worth- !;
ington; which were laid upon the table. ji
0,1 motion of Mr. GRINNELL, |
Oidered, That the Committee oil Commerce be , J
disrlmrged from the consideration of the petition of i!
Ed. Harris Miles, for changing the name of the j.
barque Pons; and also from the consideration of
the petitions of the mayor and city council of the ;
cities of Baltimore and Philadelphia, and of the j
hoard of health of Philadelphia, relative to medical
and surgical attendance oil board of emigrant ships,
&c.. and that they be laid 011 the table.
Mr. THOMAS SMITH, from the Committee
011 Public Lands, made a report upon the petition
of John Spencer, accompanied by a bill for his re-
lief; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. RATHBUN, from the Committee 011 the
Judiciary, reported a hill for the relief of Benjamin
Metozerand Francis Gaiennie, deceased, as sure ties
of Benoit Lawents, accompanied by a report in
writing; which was read twice and committed.
On motion of Mr. JOSEPH JOHNSON, by
leave,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of restoring to the pension roll the names
of James Wamsby and Samuel Z. Jones, of the
State of Virginia.
Mr. DtJNLAP, from the Committee on Public j
Expenditures, made a report upon the memorial of ,
Henry Elliott, accompanied by the following reso- !
tion: >
Resolved, That the Clerk procure of Henry El- 1
liott the condensed annual statement of the receipts
and expenditures of the United States from 1789 '
to 1829*, to be paid for out of the contingent fund.
Which resolution was agreed to. I
Mr. ALBERT SMITH, from the Committee on !
4
Private Land Claims, made an adverse report upon
the petition of Abraham Forbes; which was laid
upon the table,
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON, from the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, to which was referred the
bill from the Senate entitled "An act for the relief
of Elijah White," reported the same without
amendment. Ordered to be committed,
Mr. NIVEN, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, made a report upon the petition of the
widow of Elijah Bragdon, deceased, accompanied
hy a bill for tier relief; which was read twice, and
committed.
Mr. N. also, from the same committee, made
an adverse report upon the petition of the citizens
of New Hampshire relative to an alteration of the
law relating to the medical staff of the army;
which was laid upon the table.
Mr. ISAAC E. HOLMES, from the Commit-
tee 011 Naval Affairs, to which was referred the
bill from the Senate entitled "An act for the relief
of Nathaniel Phillips," reported the same without
amendment. Ordered to be committed.
Mr. STANTON, from the same committee, re-
ported a joint resolution concerning the snag-boats
on the western rivers; which was read twice, and
committed.
Mr. S. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the establishment of a marine hospital at
Memphis; read twice, and committed.
Mr. MACLAY, from the Committee 011 Naval
Affairs, made a report upon the petition of Seth
Lamb, accompanied by a bill to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Navy to test Seth Lamb's improved
wheels for ocean steamers; which was read twice,
and committed.
Mr. BAYLY, from the same committee, made
an adverse report upon the resolution of the 19th of
February last, relating to fitting for sea the ship-
of-the-line New York, and the frigate St. Law-
rence; laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr. McCLERNAND,
Ordered, That the Committee 011 Public Lands
be discharged from the memorial of the New York
Institution of the Deaf and Dumb, and the petition
of the citizens of the State of Illinois, praying for
a grant of land for the support of the deaf and dumb;
and that they be laid upon the table.
Mr. RHETT, from the same committee, made
a report upon the netitions of Cornelius Manning
and of Catharine Hodges, accompanied by bill for
their relief; which were read twice, and committed.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee 011 Rev-
olutionary Pensions, made a report upon the peti-
tion of Elizabeth Fitch, accompanied by a bill for
her relief; read twice, and committed.
Mr. B. also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill from the Senate entitled "An
act granting a pension to Richard Elliott," reported
the same with an amendment; which was commit-
ted.
Mr. SEAMA N, from the same committee, made
an adverse report upon the petition of Elizabeth
Martin, Anna Smith, H. Morton, A. Pearce, A.
Badfish, M. Bentley, T. Bargas, A. Daughty, J.
Taylor, J. Olinger, W. Hilton, R. Gibson, N.
King, B. Hall, J. H. Bonner, J. Stevens, J. Bon-
, man, and N. Yanington; which were laid upon the
table.
, Mr. SCHENCK, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, made a report upon the petition of Lewis
; C. Sarton, accompanied by a bill for his relief;
: which was read twice, and committed.
Mr. S. also, from the same committee, made
reports upon the petitions of James H. Conclly
and William T. Walthall, accompanied by bills
for their relief; which were read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. C. B. SMITH, from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, to which was referred the joint
resolution to create a board to ascertain and deter-
mine the amount of each of the claims of the citi-
' zens of the United States against Mexico, reported
the same without amendment; which was com-
' mitted.
I Mr. TRUMAN SMITH, from the same com-
1 mittee, to which was referred the bill from the
Senate entitled " An act to provide for the ascer-
■ tainment and satisfaction of claims of American
citizens for spoliations committed by the French
prior to the 31st of July, 1801,"reported the same
without amendment; which was committed.
Mr. S. made an ineffectual motion to have this
bill made the special order for a day certain.
Mr. DARGAN,from the Committees of Claims,
reported bills of the following titles; -
A bill for the relief of Stalker and Hill;
A bill for the relief of Jph'n C. Stewart and
others;
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of John Lawson, deceased; which bilk were read
twice and committed.
Mr. HARALSON, from the Committee on •
Military Affairs, reported a bill granting a quarter
section of land to each officer, non-commissioned
officer, musician, and private, of the volunteer
; force called for and received into the service of
: the United States under laws passed the present
session of Congress; which was read twice and
committed.
On motion of Mr. BOYD,
Ordered, That the same committee be discharged
fi-om the consideration of the petitions of John A.
Webber, relative to his compensation as military
storekeeper at the Watervliet arsenal, and of the
citizens of Knox county, Indiana; of the citizens
of Williamson county, Illinois; of the citizens
of Columbiana county, Ohio; of the citizens of
Christian county, Kentucky, of the citizens of
Pope county, Illinois, relative to a national foun-
dry at Fort Massac: also, the petition of the citi-
zens of Louisiana, relative to a military road from
the Red river to the Sabine river; and that they be
| laid upon the table.
A message from the Senate by Mr. Dickins,
their Secretary;
Mr. Speaker: The Senate have passed bills of
the House of the following titles', viz:
An act to establish the collection district of Chi-
cago.
An act for the relief of Joseph Itemball.
An act for the relief of Semmgton Buffenberger.
An act for the relief of James Davidson, of Fen-
tress county, in Tennessee.
An act for the relief of George D. Spencer.
An act for the relief of James Mains. '
An act for the relief of James Wyman.
An act for the relief of William McCauIey.
An act for the relief of John Ficklin.
An act for the relief of Joseph Watson.
An act for the relief of Arthur R. Frogge, of Fen-
tress county, in Tennessee.
An act for the relief of Joseph M. Rhea, of Sul-
livan county, in Tennessee.
An act for the relief of John G. Pierce.
An act for the relief of John E. Holland.
An act for the relief of Daniel Ingalls.
An act for the relief of Adam McCulloch.
An act for the relief of Sampson Brown.
An act for the relief of Nathaniel Kuykendall.
An act for the relief of Benjamin Ballard.
An act for the relief of James Low.
An act for the relief of George Gordon, of Illi-
nois.
An act for the relief of Henry Newnan.
An act for the relief of Peter Von Schmidt.
A11 act for the relief of Francis Sommeraner.
An act for the relief of Richard and Benj. Kidd.
An act for the relief of Thomas Rhodes.
An act for the relief of James Irwin, and others,
of Arkansas.
An act for the relief of Peter Campbell.
An act for the relief of Richard S. Coxe.
An act for the relief of Harriet L. Catching.
An act for the relief of Thomas Brownell.
An act for the relief of Robert Barclay.
An act for the relief ofHarriet Ward.
An act for the relief of Elizabeth Hamilton, wid-
ow of Alexander Hamilton.
An act to legalize certain land sales made at
Chocchuma and Columbus, in the State of Missis-
sippi, and to indemnify the Chickasaws therefor.
An act to change the time of holding the Federal
court in North Carolina.
An act to provide for a survey of the mouth of
Red river, in Louisiana.
An act for the relief of the personal representa-
tives of William A. Slacum, deceased.
A11 act to authorize the transportation of goods,
wares, and merchandise, through the Indian terri-
tories.
A resolution to authorize the President to sanc-
tion an agreement made between the Wyandots
and Delawares for the purchase of certain lands by
the former of the latter tribe of Indians.
THE USEFUL ARTS.
Mr. HENLEY moved that the bill from the
