1090
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
facts they state, and the reasons which they urge,
known even to the Senate, than by reading their
petition, because we all know that to present pa-
pers to the Senate, and send them to the printer
without examination, is to place them where they
are very apt to be lost sight of. I shall feel it my
duty, therefore, in regard to petitions and memo-
rials sent to me, (and they are already very numer-
ous,) to state their contents to the Senate, to make
those contents known as far as it may be in my
power to the Senate and to the country, in order
that whatever light we can command upon a sub-
ject of such vital importance may be thrown
around it. I present this petition, therefore, and
ask that it may be printed.
Mr. CALHOUN presented the petition of The-
odore P. Johnson and others, manufacturers of
glass and soap in the city of Philadelphia, praying
that the existing duty on soda ash may not be in-
creased; which was ordered to be printed and laid
on the table.
Mr. BREESE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of de-
fining, by law, the cases m which oflicers of the
navy, doing duty in a superior grade on foreign
stations, shall be entitled to the pay and emolu-
ments of such superior grade; and also into the ex-
pediency of allowing to all passed midshipmen the
pay and emoluments of their grade.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Commerce,
reported back, without amendment, the (House)
"bill to exempt canal boosts from the payment of
fees and hospital money.''
On motion of Mr. D., the Senate proceeded, as
in committee of the whole, to the consideration of
the bill, which was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to he read a third time, and
passed.
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a re-
port of the Secretary of the Treasury, made in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate calling
for a statement of the revenue received fioin the
customs for the three first quarters of the present
year, and the amount expected from that source
for the fourth quarter.
Mr. EVANS called for the reading, which was
ordered; and the report was read by the Secretary,
and ordered to be printed for the use of the Senate.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported back the bill to establish and or-
ganize an Executive bureau under the exclusive,
control and direction of the President of the United
States, with an amendment.
Mr. PENNYBACKER, from the Committee
on Claims, reported back, without amendment,
the bill to provide for the final settlement of the
accounts of John Spencer, late receiver of public
moneys at Fort Wayne, Indiana.
Mr. RUSK moved that the bill in relation to
adding the naval establishment of Texas to that of
the United States, be taken up.
Mr. DIX expressed the hope that the motion
would be withdrawn. He was desirous that the
warehouse bill, which was laid over until to-day,
would be allowed the preference.
Mr. RUSK modified his motion, so as to make
the bill the special order for to-morrow, twelve
o'clock; and, so modified, it was agreed to.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, announcing that said House had con-
cuned in the Senate amendment to the bill to estab-
lish the collection district of Chicago.
Also, that the said House had passed the Senate
bill for the relief of Nathaniel Stafford.
Also, the Senate bill to graduate and reduce the
price of the public lands, with an amendment.
_ Also, that the House had considered the Senate
bill for the improvement of the Ohio, Mississippi,
and Arkansas rivers, and resolved that it de not
pass.
Also, announcing that the President had notified
the House that he had signed and approved the
bill authorizing the sale of the mineral lands in the
State of Illinois and Territories of Wisconsin and
Iowa, supposed to contain lead ore.
THE WAREHOUSE BILL.
The bill to amend an act entitled " An act to
provide revenue from imports, and to change and
modify existing laws imposing duties on imports
and for other purposes " was then taken up, and
! read a third time.
,j The question being upon the passage of the bill,
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON commenced some re-
" maks in opposition to the bill, but before he had
made much progress,
11 Mr. HUNTINGTON moved that the further
!' consideration of the bill be postponed until to-
il morrow, in order to take up the special order for
; twelve o'clock to-day, that hour having arrived;
which motion was assented to by Mr. Dix, and
adopted.
THE TARIFF.
The Senate then, as in committee of the whole,
resumed the discussion of the " bill reducing the
duty on imports, and for other purposes;" when
Mr. EVANS rose and thus addressed the Sen-
ate: The honorable chairman of the committee
of Finance, from whom we may always expect
ready, full, and accurate information on subjects
of this sort, found himself embarrassed in conse-
quence of the very short period which has been
allowed to the consideration of this measure and
by the want of official and accurate information.
The Senate will therefore readily appreciate in
what condition I stand. And, indeed, I should
feel that T owed an apology to the Senate for un-
dertaking to address it at all at this period, upon
this subject, were it not that every other member
of the Senate is probably in precisely the same
situation. It pleased the Senate not to allow an
opportunity for the full investigation of this bill,
and for obtaining accurate information, so neces-
sary in enabling us to come to a proper under-
standing of the measure. It did seem to mc when
this hill came from the House of Representatives,
that it was orderly, fit, and proper tliot it should
be referred to the committee of which the honor-
able Senator from Alabama is chairman, so that
he might he enabled to communicate to the Senate
these very facts, and that very information, the
want of which he took occasion more than once
to deplore, in the course of remarks which he sub-
mitted to the body yesteulay. And although, in
these ciicumstances, quite unprcpaied—as proba-
bly almost every other gentleman is—to speak or
to act on this measure, I shall nevertheless give,
with as much brevity as possible, the Views which
I entertain on this most important subject.
Sir, I confess that I am a good deal surprised
that the attempt to change so essentially the revenue
system of the United States is persevered m in the
present circumstances of the country; yet I must
say that I was not surprised in the early period of
the session that such efforts were made, and that
it was deemed ah Executive and Administration
measure, to reduce the rates of duties established
by the act of 1842. I expected then to see the
change urged on the same ground as was taken
three or four years since, and that was, that the
existing law yielded by far too much revenue for
the wants of the Government. If the same opin-
ion continues to be entertained now that some
entertained then, I anticipated the same attempt
to reduce these rates, because they yielded much
more revenue than the necessities of the Gov-
ernment required. But now that the scene is so
changed—now that we have urgent necessity for
all the revenue that can be obtained—when we are
about to resort to loans—when we are about to be
depressed in our financial condition—that gentle-
men should still persevere in attempting to carry
through a measure which at the time alluded to
had some grounds to stand upon, docs certainly
appear to me most extraordinary. But the argu-
ment has changed with the circumstances. We
are called on now to reduce the rates of duty, not
because too much revenue is raised, but because
there is too little, and because more can be obtain-
ed by a reduction of the rates. Well, sir, T com-
mend the prudence of those who take this view of
the subject. Whether they may be able to de-
monstrate it in a satisfactory manner, is another
matter. But 1 commend the prudence of gentle-
men who are altogether unwilling, in the present
state of affairs, to vote for any change of the reve-
nue system of the counti y, unless they are able to
say that they conscientiously believe that at least
as much revenue will be obtained by the new sys-
tem as is obtained by that winch they are about
to overturn. I am sure that gentlemen feel that
they could not stand up before the country—that
they could not stand acquitted in their own eyes—
if they were to vote for a change in the system of
raising revenue, at a crisis like the present, when
the Government is contracting for loans, and its
expenditures are so largely .on the increase, unless
it was demonstrable beyond all sort of doubt that
the new system would supply an adequate reve-
nue—at all events, that it would afford an amount
of revenue equal to that obtained by the system
which now exists, and which is to be demolished.
It did seem to me, sir, that it was quite reasonable
to expect of the Administration and its friends in
both Houses of Congress, that they would say
that" such is now the altered condition of public
affairs—such has been the change in our circum-
stances since this attempt to reduce the rates of
duty was first made, that we deem it the more
prudent—indeed, the only prudent course that can
or ought to be taken, to stand by that which has
been tried, and proved, and tested, to avoid for the
present, in such an emergency, entering on the
trial of that which is avowedly and confessedly an
experiment; the amount of revenue to be derived
from which- is altogether a matter of conjecture
and uncertainty; the changes which were pro-
posed in the collection and administration of the
revenue being so fundamental, that even an ap-
proximation to the truth, as the Senator from Ala-
i3ama said yesterday, cannot be reached, the whole
business being a matter of hope, of guess-work,
rather than of sober calculation and sound reason-
ing. But it seems that no such prudential course
is to be taken. The bill is to be pressed on to final
action, and that, too, in open disregard of the asual
order of procedure. The act of 1842 is to be over-
thrown.
Fiom the remarks made the other day when it
was moved to refer this bill to the Committee on
Finance, I inferred that it was stated that the act of
1842 is to be overthrown. Gentlemen on the other
side so declare; they affirm that they know they
are able to pass this bill. It is not for me to say
that they do or do not know that. Whether the
bill is to pass in its present shape I cannot say.
Concurring in the opinion expressed by the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts near me, [Mr.
Wkjbster,] that the bill is radically wrong in prin-
ciple—that it is so defective as to render it almost
impossible to build anything substantial upon it—-
I have the expectation that if it pass at all it will
be in its present shape; and I have no disposition
or purpose td move any amendment whatever, nor
do I tliink I shall have the slightest disposition
or purpose to vote for any amendments whatever,
unless they be to that extent that I can well infer
from them the preservation of the revenue of the
country, and the commercial and all theother great
interests of the country, which are involved in the
adjustment of the tariff of duties upon foreign
goods. I shall go for no attempts at "patching1
up" that which I believe to be so radically wrong
that it cannot be patched up so as to be made
available to the treasury, or substantially beneficial
to the country. It must take some new shape—
some new form—become essentially changed in its
principles before I can give to it my concurrence to
any extent whatever.
iBut the tariff of 1842 is to be overthrown. The
fierce and bitter denunciations—the outpouring of
all sorts of opprobrious epithets directed against
the existing law, proclaim the purposes of its op-
ponents. Well, why is it to be overthrown ? This
is a question surely"worth a moment's considera-
tion. Has the tariff of 1842 accomplished that
which its friends and advocates and supporters
promised it would accomplish ? Has it failed in
the fulfilment of any single object which it was de-
signed to gain? Has it yielded an adequate reve-
nue ? Has it restored public credit and public confi-
dence? All this we promised. All this we pledged
ourselves to achieve. And how were our promises
and pledges met^1 Why, gentlemen then on the
other side—and I sec many of them still here—ridi-
culed our professions and promises. They predict-
ed a great decline m the revenue. They predicted
destruction to our commercial interests. They
predicted all manner of evil. If was maintained
th at we would not be able to obtain the loans neces-
sary to carry on the Government—for the treasury
was then so impoverished that the Government
was under the necessity of borrowing twelve or
fifteen millions—and I recollect that one gentleman
contended very zealously that we should be obliged
to give $100 of scrip for !j$0 in cash. Well, we
passed the law authorizing the loan, and not a doi-
