1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1091
lar could we get at any rate, till this revenue bill
was passed. Then, sir, money enough could be
obtained, and at a lower rate of interest than that
authorized to be paid. The public credit advanced
at once, and continued to advance until the stocks
of the United States reached, I think, a maximum
of about 115 or 116} and at that sold rapidly after
the enactment of this law, because everybody saw
that we had a system which would enable us to
carryon the Government, to pay the interest punc-
tually, and the principal when it became due.
Ijook, then, at the working of the act of 1842. It
did not go fairly into operation for several months
after it was enacted. It can hardly be said that it
was fairly in operation till the succeeding spring—
the spring of 1843. About that time we changed
the commencement of the fiscal year, so that our
fiscal years now end on the 30th of June. Take,
then, the first whole fiscal year under the act of
1842, and you will find that it yielded us (after
paying all the expanses of collection,, drawbacks,
and everything else, of which I will speak by-
and-by) twenty-five and three-quarter millions.
That Was the result of the first year. In the sec-
ond year (1845) the amount was twenty-six and
three-quarters, (almost,) showing an increase of
about a million. In the third year (just ended,
.Tune, 1846) the net amount was $26,311,864,
according to the best computation I could make,
for the statements are quite contradictory. By the
papers received this morning from the Secretary of
the Treasury, the amount is set down at ^26,681,-
915. Thus is shown a constant increase, but an
increase marked by an extraordinary uniformity.
Here are three successive years in which the
amount received into the treasury scarcely varies—
nothing perceptible. There are no such other
three years to be found in our history , or anything
approaching to them. "Well, now is not this a
most extraordinary illustration of the character and
working of our tariff? Search our statute hooks
from beginning to end, and you look in vain ior
any other law whose operation has been so uni-
form—so steady. During these three years we •
have had none of those fluctuations which result
from excessive importations—one year diminished
importations, next year excessive importations—
embarrassing the whole business of the country,^
and of course embarrassing the financial aflairs of
the Government. Sir, 1 repeat it, there is nothing
to be found in our history presenting any parallel
to these three years. Now I know that, in a paper
which was transmitted this mdrmng by-the Secret
tary of the Treasury, he states that the net rev-
enue received in the ye&r ending June, 1845, was
$27,538,112, which would be a little* more than
that received this year*, and th© inference to be
drawn from it, and which was drawn in his annual
report, arid now to be drawn, fs, that our revenue
U'felling olf under this system. The Secretary
was perfectly right in making that statement of the
amount of revenue, because ne does not make this
computation himself; it is not his business. He
applies to the Register of the Treasury, whose
books show all these things; and the Registef com-
municated to him the information upon which lus
annual report was made, andfrom which thia state-
ment of the amount of revenue was taken. But
when the Register began to make up his own tables,
to be appended to the report of the Secretary of
the Treasury, he makes up a statement which will
be found'on the sixty-eighth page of the annual
report of the Secretary of the Treasury, ana ap-
pends the following note: "The foregoing table,
when placed in the hands of the Secretary of the
Treasury, to use in preparing his report, contained
errors which are now corrected." The Register
there gives the correct amount, but the Secretary,
in preparing the papers received this morning, has
fallen baek upon the original error. We have
therefore still a result shown of a very gradually
augmenting revenue, the increase being remarkable
for its uniformity, showing the stability of busi-
ness operations throughout the country, and an
administration of the finances of the Government,
marked by stability and safety. There are no fluc-
tuations; there are no excessive importations; there
is no apprehension, or need be none, on the part
of the Secretary, that next year will not yield as-
much as last year, or the present year, because we~
have the experience of the past before us, and that
experience shows a stable and certain increase. I
have already characterized this experience as one
to which that of no other three years can afford a
parallel. It has shown the operation of a reliable
and available system of raising revenue, producing
twenty-six millions net revenue, and that grad-
ually increasing. These three years have yielded
us in round numbers seventy-nine and a half
millions. At no period of our history can you
find three consecutive years exhibiting such a
result. The years 1828, 1829, 1830, forming a
period when very high duties were laid, the tariff
of 1828 being in operation, the net revenue was
seventy-five and a half millions. It will be found
that the period of lowest duties yielded by far the
lowest aggregate of revenue. Tjet any candid man
look at the evils produced by fluctuating and ex-
cessive importations, and then say whether that is
not the best system which proves itself to be so
uniform and so steady in its operation.
In the same book to which I lia\e already refer-
red—the last annual report of the Secretary of the
Treasury—at page 957, we have n table exhibiting
the amount of net revenue which accrued annually
from 1821 to 1845, and from which we may take
a notable illustration of the fluctuating and uncer-
tain operation of the revenue laws previous to the
tariff of 1842. We may begin any where. Letus
take the year 1830. In that year the revenue was
twenty-two and three quarter millions-, next, year
thirty and one quarter millions; next year twenty-
one and a half millions; next year it is down to
fourteen and three-quarter millions; then in 1835
it is up to twenty-one and a half millions-, then
comes 1836, when it was twenty-six millions, 1
whilst, in the following year, it fell down to thir- J
teen millions—a filling off of 50 per cent, in a sin- j
gin yenr! Ill 1839 it got up to twenty and a half ■
millions, the following year amounting to only ten j
millions—another falling oil of 50 per cent, m
twelve months. And so we go rising and falling, j
till from twelve millions in 1843, we come to the j
first year of the present tnritT when the revenue ;
rose to (wenty-fivc millions. See these cxtraordi- |
nary fluctuations ! Need I ask what embarrass-;
inent they must have produced to any one nt the 1
head of the financial department of the Govern-
ment? "Must not such a system of duties necrssa- !
rily lead to universal disturbance of the commercial
interest, and the most serious embarrassment of
I the. financial aflairs of the (invernnient > Look at
the effect on the business of the country ! ^ One vcai
with an overflowing treasury ami excessive appro-
priations; next year involved in greatjDejiU iafy-
diflicuHx with veny mueh appropria-
tions, arid the business of the. country fluctuating
in the same ratio, because the state of your rev-
enue here is but the barometer—if I may say so—•
of the business of the country. Let us look at the
amount of importations during the. years which I
have already mentioned. In 1830, the imports (m
round numbers) amounted to <00,000,000; in 1831,
#103,000,000; in 1832, $101,000,000; in 1833,
$108,000,000; in 1834, §126,000,000; in 1835, #149,-
000,000; in 1836, #189,000,000.
Mr. WEBSTER. What year was that ?
Mr. EVANS. In 1836, when everything was
at. such high prices, because wo wore sending out
stocks to pay for the goods. In 1837 the imports
fell back to $140,000,000, a loss of <150,000,000
in one year! ' In the next year, 1838, they had
fallen to 1113,000,000. In 1839 they were up
again, and amounted to $162,000,000; that being
another year of excessive prices and excessive
importations. In 1840 they are down {again to
#107,000,000. From that they go up next year
to #127,000,000; and in the succeeding year, 1842,
down they come, of course, falling to $100,000,000.
Thus we are brought down to the tariff of 1842.
Well, now does not everybody see that such fluc-
tuations must necessarily produce the most, disas-
trous effects upon the, commercial, manufacturing,
monetary, pecuniaiy, "fiscal—every interest of the
count'ry, and all financial operations of the Govern-
ment? Must not all interests suffer, and be utterly
deranged by the want of a stable and uniform sys-
tem? All that stability and uniformity so much
to be desired—so essential to the prosperity of the
country and the security and efficiency of the Gov-
ernment—have been attained by the act of 1842.
Now, when it is so—when we have a reliable
source—a stable and uniform means of obtaining
§36,000,000 annually, which nobody can doubt—
when it has proved itself to be safe and adequate
is it wise to try an experiment, and nothing butan
experiment, which you think yon can reason your-
selves into believing; but which, allow me to say,
I think you rather guess at, than establish by any
powers of reasoning—will yield as much revenue
as you now obtain by the present system' Whether
it will or not, I will show you before I am done.
Now the tariff of 1842, which the honorable Sen-
ator from Alabama, and anybody else may denounce
as rascally, and tyrannical, and villanous, and one
to which no free people should submit, has at least
one merit—it has been tried. What has it done
for you ? It has redeemed your discredited repu-
tation. It has restored the public credit. It has
maintained the Government. It has been only
three years in operation, but during that period it
has paid all the ordinary expenses of Govern-
ment—paid 610,000,000 of public debt; and if the
! ordinary expenses of the Government hacl not
been au°-men'ted daring the last few months, would
have left #12,000,000 in the treasury; and yet it is
a most oppressive revenue tariff! Oh, no! not. a
revenue tariff; but an oppressive and inefficient
: system. I have detailed, however, what it has
1 accomplished as a revenue measure. What was
i our condition before the enactment of this law.
I I have so often replied to that question, that I
' am almost ashamed to repeat the answer, but
from 1837 up to the enactment of this law, your
revenue derived from all sources—customs, pnh-
lic lands, and all—did not pay the expenses of
your Government. There was a deficit of more
than six millions a year. Will any man dis-
prove it? From 1837 to 1843, all your receipts
from the ordinary sources of revenue—not your
receipts in treasury notes and borrowed money
were inadequate to support the Government by
more than stx millions a year. Then came the
act of 1842, and in the first three years of its
operation it has maintained your Government,
paid ten millions of debt, and left six millions
on hand. Now, sir, compare the. systems, feay
which has proved itself to be the sound policy
of the country in regard to revenue and pub ic
credit, and alfthat depends on revenue and public
' credit Now, sir, looking to the act of 1842,1 ask
i if we ought not to be satisfied with it so far as
i revenue is concerned > Has it not proved itself to
I be in the highest degree bcncficial? Ought we to
I change it> Above all, ought we to change it at
such^time as the present, when a pressing emer-
gency has arisen, and the demands upon tile treas-
' ury are increased to such a considerable extent?
i At saeh-a-ttme; with such an emergency pressing
upon us, with all the beneficial results of the ope-
ration of this law before us, ought we to abandon
a system which experience has proved to be safe
and adequate for the purposes of its establishment,
and rush upon a mere experiment—an untried sys-
tem—and one against which all the lights and ex-
perience of the past gave such clear and solemn
warning? I do hope, sir, that those who are bent
upon this change—those who arc determined to
prostrate the act of 1842—will tell us in plain and
distinct terms, whether they do it because the ta-
riff of 1842 does not answer the purposes of rev-
enue to carry on the Government. That cannot
be the reason. Let them, then, show us some
other. They must admit that it is all conjecture
as to what the result of this bill will be. I know
calculations have been made—" estimates' as they
have been denominated, perhaps properly, nito
which I will look by-and-by—with the view of
showing the operation of the new bill. But there
i is no certainty, no experience, except that which
;| we have to the contrary, showing that a scale of
! duties about the same as that which they now pro-
i pose has been tried, (not for five years, as the Sen-
1 ator from Alabama said, because, the country could
not live under such a system for five years,) and
the result has been, that the Government got into
debt till Congress stepped in, enacting this meas-
ure, the tariff of 1842, which restored the public
credit and the public prosperity. Does anybody
suppose that if your low system ot duties had
yielded you twenty-five, twenty-six, twenty-eight
millions of dollars during these five years, to which
the Senator has referred, tins tariff of 1842 ever
would have passed ? Gould we have carried it m
such a case ? No; for it was passed because of the
necessities of the treasury. And yet we hear it
said that this was a protective tariff—designedly
such—meant, as such. No, sir; no, sir.
We hear it said that this law was designed for
protection alone. No, sir. We knew it would
yield good protection, but we passed this at a time
when your treasury was empty and your credit
