1094
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
The yeas and nays were a^lccd and ordered,
and, being taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adam*. Baj ly, Bedmger, Riff?-,
Jame* A. Black, Bovilm, B« yd, BiockeubiouL'h, \\
G Biown, Buit, Cathc.n1. Augu-tiv? A.^ Chapman, Reuben
Chapman, Chase, Chipm.in, Uiaike, Cobb, Collin, Luliom,
Cummin*-, Cunningham, Daniel, D.ugui. Dilnngnam Dob-
bin Douglass, Dioiugoulu, Dunlap, latan, iicklw, *ne-*,
Giles Goiulyeai, Hamlm, llaial-on, Henley, Hoyo, f.saae E.
HoJiiic?, [Iopkm^Geory: S Houston, Edmund W. Huhard,
Ilnntei, James II. John>on, Joseph Johnson, Gcor?e W.
Jones, kautmau, Leake. La Sere. Liaon, Maclay, MeHel-
I.uid, McCleuu'id, McCeimell. MeCiat >, Joseph J. McDow-
ell Jaau'.- MeDowcll. McKay,John P. Mattm, Barklev Mar-
tin. Murris, Moise. Mouiton, Noins, Owen. Parn$h, Payne,
IViiill, Pheip?, Pillsbuiy, Keid, Relfe, Rhett, Robeus, Saw-
tdlc, Sawyer, Scammon, Seddon, Alexundei D Suns, Leon-
ard H. Sims. Simpson, Tiioina> Smiih, Robeit Smith, Stan-
ton, Starkweather, Strong, Jacob Thompson, Thurman,Tib-
batts, Tied\va\, Vance, Wcntworth, Wick, Williams,
Woodwaid, and Yancey—9f>.
IVAfS—Me^sis. Abbott. John Qumey Adams, Arnold,
Adiinuu, Bamnyer, Bell, Janie* Black, Blanehaid, Biod-
he<ul. Milton Brown, Butftnuton, W. W. Canipbrll, John IF.
Campbell. John G. Chapman. Cocke, Collamer, Cranston,
Cio/iei, Culver, Dana^n, Garrett Davis, De Mott, Di.vm,
Dockeiy, Eds>all. ElKuoitli, ttiduwui, Juhn II. Evt mu? Ed-
win II Ewiii". Foot,Foster, Ganin.1G.nttiy, Giddnms, Gor-
don, Giahani, Gndei, Gnnnell, Grovei, Hampton, Haiper,
E. 1J. Holmes, John W. Houston, Samuel JJ. Ifubbaid. Hud-
son. Joseph It. Insoisoll, Jenkins, Andtew Johnson, Daniel
I' King, Pieston King. Thoma- B Kuisr,Leu), 1 .owi-, Lone,
McCli-an, Mcllenry. Mellvaiiio, Mai~fi, Millei, Motley,
Niven. Pendleton. Kathbun, Julius Roeku ell. John A Rock-
well, Root, Schei.rk, S -aman, Severance, Tinman Sunt!),
Albeit Smith, Stephens, Stvwait, Stiolnu, Svkes, Tlnbo-
uoaux. Janice Tnompsnn, Tilden, Tiuinho, \ niton, M {teu-
ton, White, Wil.not, Winthrop, Woodiuri, Wright, Young,
and Yost—88.
So the amendment as amended was agreed to.
The hill, as thus amended, was then ordered to
i\ third reading.
And having been read a third time by its title,
and the question bein^ on its passage—
Mr. BOYD demanded the previous question,
which was seconded.
And the main question was ordered to be now
taken.
Mr. McHENRY asked the yeas and nays thcic-
on, which were ordered.
And the main question, "Shall this hill pass'"
was taken, and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adam*, Bayly, Bedmger, Bigsrs.
James A. Black, Bowhn, Boyd, Brockenbrough, William
G. Brown, Burt, Cathcait, Augustus A. Chapman, Reuben
Chapman, Chase, Chrpman, Clarke, Cobb, OoHin, Cul-
lom, Cumrmus, Cunningham, Daniel, Dargan, Dobbin,
Douglass,Dromgooie, Dunlap, Faian, Fickhn, Fiies, Giles,
lLi'iiJm, Ilaial-on, Henley, Hog.', Hopkins, llt>u h, G"ome j
S. Hou>ton, Edmund W. Ilub.ud. Hunter, James H.John- i
son, Atidtew Johnson. Goome W. Jon< -, Kaufman, Leake, !
L i Seit', Ligou, , Me< 'lellauil, I\T< Clein.vad, Mt Con- !
nell, Mci'rate, J. J. McDowell, J.tnie^ McDowell, McKay,
John P. Martin, Barkley M.utui, Mums. Moi>e, Moulton,
Noras, Owen, Parnsh, Payne, Pemll, Pnelps, PilKbuij',
Reid, Relfe, Rhelt, Roboitsj Sawtelle, Sawjoi, Seammon,
Seddon, Alexander D. Snns, Leonaid II. Sims, Siii)|)>ou,
Ttio<. Smith, RohertSmith, Stanton, Staikwcather,Strong,
Jacob Thompson, Thurinan, Tibbatt-, ^'lcdwiiy, Wcnt-
worth, Wick, Wilham«, Woodwaid, and Yancey—92.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, John Cluiney Adairis, Arnold,
A^htnun, Bamimer, Bell, Jamei Black, Blaneluud, Biod-
Jiead, Milton Brown, Buiungton, William W. CampbeiJ,
John II. Campbell, John G. Chapman, Cocke, Collamer,
Cranston, Crozier, Culver, Darragb, Gaireit Davis, l)e
Mott, Dillingham. Di.\on, Dockeiv, Edball, Ellswoitli, Bid-
man, John H. Ewmg, Edwin H. Ewmg, Foot, Foster, Gar-
vin, Gentry, Giddings, Goodyeai", Goidon. Graham, Guder,
Gnnnell. Grover, Hampton, Harper. Eha^ B. Holmes, John
\V. Houston, Samuel 1>. Hubbard, Hudson, Joseph R. In-
gersoll, Jenkins, Daniel V. King, Preston King, Thoma< B.
King, Leib, Lewis, Long, MeClean, Mcflemy, Mcllvaine,
Marsh, Miller, Moseley, Niven, Pendleton, Rathbun, Juhus
JRocksvell, John A. Rockwell, Root, Sebertck, Seaman, Sev-
erance, Truman Smith, Albert Smith, Stephens, Stewart,
Strohm, Sykes, Tlnbodeaux, Jas. Thompson, Tilden,Truni-
bo, Vance, Vinton, Wheaton, White, "Wilmot, Wmtluop,
WondrulF, Wright, Young, and Yost-^69.
So the bill was passed in the following form, to
wit:
Be it enacted hy the Senate, and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Con«re->s assembled, That
ul) public lands which shall have been olFered for sale
twenty years or more on the first day of December, 1846,
shall the'reafter be subject to entry at one dollai per aeui for
the term of five years; all the before described lands then
remaining unsold shall be subject to entiyat seventj-five
cents per acre for another terra of five years; and all such
"unsold at the end of the last-mentioned term may be entered
at fifty cents per acre.
Sec. 2. Jl-nd be it further enacted, That the quantity of
land which the President of the United States shall hereaftei
proclaim and offer for sale in any one year shall not exceed
three millions of acres.
Sec. 3. Jlnit be it further enacted, That upon every reduc-
tion in the prices of said lands which shall take place by the
graduating process of this act, the occupants or settlers upon
any of the said lands shall have the right of preemption at
such graduated or reduced prices; which right shall extend
to 8r period of six months from and after the dates at wluch
the respective graduations shall take place; and any land
not entered- by the respective occupants or settlers within
that period shall be liable to be entered or purchased by any
| other person until tiie next graduation or reduction of price
! shall tuke pla^e, when it shall, if not previously purchased,
! be again subject to the light oi preemption lor six months,
I as ljyfoie;andsooii liomtnne to time as said reduction shall
take place: Prov.ded, That nothing in this act contained
shall be eonsmud to intci fere with any right which has
accrued or may accrue hy virtue of an> act granting pre-
emptions to actual settlers upon the pubHc lands.
Sec. 4. Jlndbe it further cnncted, That all acts and part5!
of acts provide for an exemption from the imposition of
taxes upon land sold by the United States for live years
from and after the da> of sale be, and the same are hereby,
repealjd.
Mr. HOPKINS moved a reconsideration of the
vote.
Which motion was laid on the table.
A number of Senate bills on the Speaker's table
were put on their first and second reading, and ap-
propriately referred.
MANUSCRIPT WORKS OF ALEX. HAMILTON.
The bill from the Senate providing for the pur-
chase of the manuscript works of the late Alexan-
der Hamilton, coming up on its first and second
reading—
Mr. W. W. CAMPBELL moved that it be put
on its thud reading.
The SPEAKER said it required commitment.
The bill haun^ been read,
IWr. HOGE moved that it be laid on the table.
Mr. RATilDUN asked the yeas and nays;
which were ordeied; and, being taken, were—
yeas G9, nays 81.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
It was then referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
THE MADISON PAPERS.
Mr. DR0MG00LE gave notice that he would
to-morrow, or as soon a.-* it was in his power, move
the consideration of the bill providing for the pur-
chase of the manuscript papers of the late James
Madibon.
IMPROVEMENT OF THE WESTERN RIVERS.
The bill fiom the Senate to provide for the im-
provement of the mwigation of the rivers Ohio,
Mississippi, and Arkansas, coming up on its first
and second reading—
It was read a first time.
Mr. RATHBUN rose and moved that it be laid
on the table.
But the SPEAKER had recognised
Mr. HAMLIN, who inquired what .the next
question was.
The SPEAKER said it was on the second read-
ing of the bill.
Mr. HAMLIN said he thought it would be bet-
ter that the House should never be troubled with
its second reading, and he moved therefore that
the bill be laid on the table.
The SPEAKER said the only motion that could
be entertained pending the second reading of the
bill would be that it he rejected.
Mr. HAMLIN made that motion.
Mr. TIBBATTS asked him to withdraw it.
Mr. HAMLIN declined.
Mr. RATHBUN demanded the previous ques-
tion on the rejection of the bill, and there was a j
second.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON moved a call of the
House.
The SPEAKER said the motion was made too
late, (the previous question having been second-
ed,) and could not, therefore, be entertained.
Mr. THOMPSON submitted that he had ad-
dressed the Chair before the result was announced.
The SPEAKER said the Chair had not heard
the gentleman.
Mr. THOMPSON said he had nevertheless ad-
dressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER did not entertain the motion.
The bill was read.
And the main question (on its rejection) was
ordered, to be now taken.
Mr. HAMLIN asked the yeas and nays thereon,
which were ordered.
Mr. TIBBATTS, for the purpose of procuring
a more full attendance, (a call of the House not
being in order,) moved that the House adjourn,
and demanded the yeas and nays, which were re-
fused.
And the House refused to adjourn.
The question, " Shall this bill be rejected?" was
then taken, and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John, dumcy Adams, Stephen
Adams. Arnold, Ashmun, Barringer, Bell, Benton, Biggs?
James 'Black, James A. Black, Bfanehard, Brockenbrough
Brodliead, William G. Brown, William W. Campbell, John
H. Campbell, Cathcart, John G. Chapman, Augustus A.
Chapman, Reuben Cnapman, Clilpman, Clarke, Cobb, Col-
lin, Cranston, Cullom, Culver, Darragh,DeMott, Dillingham,
Dixon, Dobbin, Dockery, Bromgoole. Diyihvp, EdsalJ. F.iLs-
uoith, Erdman. Foot, Garvin, Giddings, Giles, Goodyear,
Gordon, Grinnell, Grover, Hamlin, Hampton, Haialson, E 
B. Holmes* Hopkins, Hough, J. W. Houston, G. S. Hous-
ton, E. W. Hubard, S. D. Hubbard, Hudson, Hunter, Joseph
K. Ingeisoll, Jenkins, James H. Johnson, Joseph Johnson,
Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Daniel P. King, Preston
King, Thomas Butler King, Leake, Lefb, Lewis, Levin,
Ligon, Long, Maelay, McCIean, McClelland, McConnell,
MeCrate, James McDowell, Mcllvaine, McKay, Marsh,
John P. Martin, Barkley, Martin, Miller, Moseley, Moulton,
Niven, Noiris, Payne, Rathbun. Reid, Julius Rockwell,
John -A. Rockwell", Root, Sawtelle^ Sawyer, Seammon,
Seaman, Severance, Alexander 1). Sims, Truman Smith,
Albert Smith, StroJim, Strong, Sykes, James Thompson,
Tdden, Tredway, Vance, Wenivvorth, Wheaton, White,
Williams, Wilmot, Wmthrop, Woodward, Wright, and
Yost—-118.
NAYS—Messrs. Bowlin, Boyd, Milton Brown, Burf,
Cocke, Ciozier, Cnnmngham, Garrett Davis, Douglass, J,
II E winer. ildwm H. Ewmg, Fa ran, Ficklin, Foster, Fries,
Gentry, Grider, Henley, Hoge, Isaac E. Holmes, Charles J-
Ingerioll, Kaufman, La Sere, McCleraand, J. J. McDowell,
Mellenry, Morris. Owen, Parri&h, Phelps, PilNbitry,'Relfe,
Roberts, Leonard If. Sims, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith,
Stanton, Starkweather, Stephen?, Stewart, Thomassouy
Jacob Thompson, Thurman, Trbbatts, Truinbo, Vmton,
Wick, and Young—48.
So the bill was rejected.
Mr. McCLELLAND moved a reconsideration
of the vote; and demanded the previous question.
There was a second. The main question was
ordered, and, being taken, the-vote was not recon-
sidered.
Mr. WHEATON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, made £ report.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House resolved
itself-into committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Gordon, of JNTew York* in the
chair.)
TREASURY NOTES.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the committee took
up the bill to authorize an issue of treasury notes
and a loan.
The bill was read as follows:
lie it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of Jhwiicu in Congress assembled. That the
President of the United States is hereby authorized to
cause treasury notes to be issued for such sum or sums as
the exigencies of the Government may require, and in place
of such of the same as may be redeemed to cause others to
be issued, but not exceeding the sum of §10,000,000 of this
"emission to be outstanding at an> one time, and to be issued
under the limitations and other provisions contained in the
act entitled "An aet to authorize the i^sue ot treasury
notes," approved the 12th of October, 1837, except that the
authority hereby given to ts-.no treasury notes shall expne
at the end of one "year tiom the passage of this act.
•dud be it further eiuuted, That the President, *f m his
opinion it shall be the interest ol the United States so to do,
in&tead of issuing the whole amount of treasury notes au-
thorized by the first siction of this act, may borrow, on the
credit of the United States, such an amount ot money as hi;
may deem proper, and issue therefor stock of the United
States for the sum thus borrowed, m the same form and un-
der the same restrictions, limitations, and provisions, as are
contained in the act ofCongiets approved April 14,1S4S, en-
titled " An act for the extension of the loan of 1841, and for
an addition of five millions of dollars thereto, and for allow-
ing mteie&t on tieasury notes due:" Provided, /to«ceter,
Tnat the sums borrowed, together with the treasury notes
issued, by virtue of this act, shall not, m the whole, exceed
the sum of ten millions of dollars: *rtnd provided, further,
That no commission shall be allowed or paid for the negoti-
ation of the loan authorized by this act; and also, that the
said stock shall be redeemable at a penod not longer than
ten years, ftom the issue thereof.
Jhid be it further enacted, That the treasury notes and the
stock issued under the provisions of this act shall not bear a
higher rate ot interest than six pr>r cent, per annum, and no
part theicof shall be disposed ot at less than par.
And be it further enactcd, That no compensation shall be
made to any officer, whose salary is fixed by law, for pre-
paiing, signing, or issuing, treasury" notes; nor shall any
clerk be employed beyond the number authorized by the act
heiem referred to.
The bill was then taken up by sections.
And the first section having been read,
Mr. G. DAVIS gave notice of his intention to
offer the following amendment:
Amend the bill by striking out the first section, excepting
the enacting clause, and also the 1st, 2d, 3d, 4th, and so
much of the 6th line as will include the word " proper,in
the 2d section, and add these words: " That the President
of the United States be, and he is hereby, authorized to bor-
row, on the credit of the United States, any sum of money
not exceeding ten millions ofdollars;" also,in the 14th and
j 15th lines, strike out the words " together with ttie treasury
j notes issued by virtue of this act;" also, in the 1st and 2d
; lines of 3d section, strike out the words " treasury notes and
; the."
I Mr. D. said, that after the bill should have.been
gone through with by sections for amendment, it
was his purpose to offer his amendment, the object
i of which was to convert the bill into a simple loan
