1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1095
bill, doing away entirely with all those provisions
of it which had respect to the issue of treasury
notes.
At this late stage of the session the Committee
of Ways and Means could not of course be ex-
pected to report any further bills for increasing the
sources of revenue; and Mr. D. had no doubt that
the bill they had reported for the modification of
the tariff would have the operation of reducing the
revenue at present received. It could not fail of
reducing the amount derived from the customs
below twenty millions; that was Mr. D.'s un-
doubted conviction; but whether this proved to be
correct or not, none, he presumed, would venture
to deny that the present demands on the "treasury
■would greatly exceed its means of meeting them,
whether the tariff bill should pass or not. If that
measure should pass the other House and become
a law, the deficit would become still greater.
With a war upon our hands and other large de-
mands upon the Government, we should need all
the revenue we could obtain without direct taxes.
Gentlemen might arrange their tariff' bill so as to
derive from it the greatest practicable amount of
revenue, and they might graduate their land bill
so as to get the most they possibly could from the
sales of the public domain; but, with all their
efforts, they could not derive sufficient means to
discharge the war expenses. The present finan-
cial measures of the Administration were inefficient
and unwise; they neither did justice to the indus-
try of our own citizens, nor were they shaped so
as to attain sufficient revenue to meet the ordinary
wants of the Government; but, in both points of
view, were vicious and exceptionable.
In this state of things it was the duty of the
Committee of Ways and Means to devise a sys-
tem of revenue that should be commensurate with
the public necessities: this ought to have been their
business. But, in place of such a system of finance,
what did they propose as a substitute? They sub-
stituted for such taxation as the war expenditure
called for, the issue of treasury notes. They
evaded the true state of the case, and the nuked
duty of borrowing what the duties and the lands
failed to make up, by borrowing under the dis-
guise of treasury notes. Mr. 0. was opposed to it.
If the country had been brought into a condition
where its receipts were inadequate to meet its
wants, and so far from being equal to these wants
did not reach them by 50 per cent., Mr. D. wns
not for dodging the question: he was not for issu-
ing treasury notes, instead of a fair, open, honest
provision, to meet the wants of the country by
loan.
Mr. D. was opposed to the proposed measure
on another principle: one object m view in the
issue of these notes was, that they should enter
into the currency; the circulating medium of the
country. This was the inevitable tendency of
treasury notes whenever and on whatever pretext
resorted to, and always had been. Besides, how
was the issue of this sort of Government paper-
money to be reconciled with the doctrine and the
provisions of the sub-treasury bill? That measure,
proceeding from the same party which now intro-
duced this treasury-note bill, required that Gov-
ernment should receive its dues and meet its obli-
gations in gold and silver coin, and in that alone;
this authorized the issue of paper securities. How
were they to be reconciled ? When that celebrated
bill was passed through the House in such haste,
who could have believed that the Government
which made sueh a point of its instant enactment,
would so soon have resorted to a paper circulation,
in the open face of all its own arguments and most
solemnly avowed principles ? Here they came to
the House with a bill directly in the teeth of the
fundamental principles of the sub-treasury scheme,
and intrinsically vicious besides.
The issue of a Government currency in any form,
Mr. D. had ever most strenuously opposed. He
had opposed it long before he was honored with
a seat m this House. He had always been the
uncompromising opponent of the whole system.
When the question had been presented of resort-
ing to treasury notes, as a covert means of evading
the responsibility of a direct borrowing of money,
Mr. D. had stood out against it, and that upon the
same ground which he occupied now. fie was
ready and willing to vote the Government all proper
means of supply, but he would do this on safe prin-
ciples. He should insist on the same measures
under this Administration as he would under a
Whig Administration; he would vote no more
facilities to the one than to the other; he was
prepared for the issue of stock for a loan. If the
Government could not raise the money it needed
from the tariff and the public lands, let it say so,
and honestly and openly resort to a loan. Mr. D.
held the same ground now that he held in 1842.
The Government owed a pubile debt; it was in-
creasing that debt everyday; and, with singular
wisdom, was, at the same time cutting up its own
resources for revenue. The public debt must be
met and provided for, and the choice was between
issuing notes and borrowing money. Mr. D. pre-
ferred to borrow.
He admitted there might be cases where he should
not refuse to vote for treasury notes, but he never,
under any circumstances, would vote for their use
as currency; to that be never would consent, and
yet that was the consequence which would neces-
sarily follow the adoption of the present bill. If
the country was in a stiait, if the revenue was
insufficient, and the public credit was not such as
enabled us to borrow, he would then consent to
resort to treasury note,-, as the only means left for
raising money; but he never would consent to their
being employed as currency. This case, however,
had not now arisen; it could not be said that treas-
uiy notes were now nccissury for any legitimate
purpose. The question whether they might con-
stitutionally be issued as a circulating medium was
one which had been often debated m these halls.
Mr. D. should not now enter on that discussion.
For his own part, he doubted whether they could;
but he had no doubt whatever that they ought never
to be resorted to in the place of taxation. Sup-
posing the difficulty in reconciling this bill with the
sub-treasury bill could be got over, (and Mr. 1"). j
did not see how,) it would abate, nothing of his I
opposition to tin measure. This mode of borrow- j
ing money, besides other objections to it, wns more ;
uncertain than a resort to loan stock. None, he
presumed, would deny that the war would produce j
a national debt, nor would any deny that we should ,
want money to discharge it; but the proper mode ;
to meet that want was to adopt measures which
should produce u revenue equal to the demands of,
the treasury; and it' there still remained a deficit,
then openly ami dmetly to borrow and acknowl-
edge the existence of a peace debt.
]\Ir, D. was utterly opposed to all attempts to
humbug the people. It' Congress couUl-«ot tax
them in tuna to meet, its" t'iv^ent wants, Mr. D.
would consent, for the sake of supplying that tem-
porary need, to issue Government bonds, txnd go
and borrow money upon them, but not to issue
treasury notes as now proposed. Mr. I). said
that he. might easily enlarge on the danger of such
a measure as a precedent. There were hardly any
governments now in existence but what had tried,
to a greater or lesser extent, the disastrous careers
of a government currency. It Was the easiest, the
most convenient of all the modes by which a gov-
ernment might abuse its authority and bring n
nation into straits. When the government found
itself in difficulty, tins would naturally present j
itself as the shortest mid safest mode to get out;
but it was a most illusory expedient—it was the i
I resort of a poor spendthrift or merchant about to I
break. When a political party had adopted a se- !
ries of measures which brought the Government ]
in debt, it ought to have the manliness to meet that j
debt by taxation alone. On these principles Mr. j
D. had always acted, and always meant and hoped j
to act; they were principles which had been
tested by time; they were the principles which
had prevailed in the better days of the Republic,
and lie for one was not willing to depart from
them.
Mr. GIDDINGS addressed the committee prin-
cipally upon other topics than the bill immediately
under consideration. He took this occasion (he
said) to notice the manner in which business had
been conducted in this Hall—the open prostitution
of Executive influence brought to bear upon mem-
bers on this floor m the face of this House and of
the nation.
Mr. TIBBATTS called the gentleman to order,
as charging upon the members of this House sub-
servience to Executive influence.
Mr. GIDDINGS said he had intended no such
charge; he spoke of attempts of Executive efforts to
influence this House. He protested against them.
The CHAIRMAN requested the gentleman to
confine his remarks to the bill under consideration.
Mr. GIDDINGS, however, proceeded (amid
some interruptions from calls to order) in a discur-
sive course of remark to animadvert further upon
the subject—to give his views upon the settlement
of the Oregon question—the course of the Presi-
dent thereon—a settlement which he ascribed to
the influence of the South, for which we were in-
debted to southern cowardice, to Executive cow-
ardice—instead of the wisdom and discretion of the
Senate, whether Whigs or Democrats; for the
whole slave institutions of the South, even the ex-
istence of the southern portion of our Confedera-
cy, was seen to be dependant upon our making
peace with England. He also discussed the tariff,
and ascribed the repeal of the law of 1842, and the
utter prostration of the interests of Pennsylvania,
which he assumed would be consequent upon it,
immediately to the votes of Texas Representa-
tives, and remotely to the votes of the Representa-
tives of Pennsylvania for annexation. The day
for maintaining northern rights, he said, had for-
ever passed, as long as they acted in connexion
with the South. He insisted it should be known
for what ends—cui bono—this war, which had been
■ forced upon us by the Executive without our con-
sent, was now being prosecuted. From the best
I means of guessing in his power, he was forced to
j believe it was for territorial aggrandizement—for
■ concjuest—for the sole purpose of the conquest of
foietgn territory.
In the course of his remarks, he yielded for ex-
planations to Messrs. PARIIISH and FARAN.
Mr. TIL DEN followed in a speech upon the
Mexican war, which, he said, he had long been
wishing to deliver, and which was directed not so
much to this House as to his people. He entered
at large into a discussion of this subject, replying
to a former speech of Mr. Douglass, and defend-
! ing bis vote against the bill for the prosecution of
the war.
j In the course of his remarks, he yielded for ex-
i plnnations, or inquiries, to Messrs. DOUGLASS,
! TIBBATTS, and THURMAN.
| Mr. DOUGLASS obtained the floor, and, decli-
; uing compliance with several requests to yield to a
! motion that the committee rise, proceeded to ad-
dress the committee in reply to Mr. Tildes, in
defence of the positions taken by him in his for-
mer speech, and in vindication generally of the
course of the Administration in its conduct of the
Mexiean-war.
Mr. MclvAY offered a resolution providing that
all debate on the bill shall terminate to-morrow at
twelve M.
Pending which, the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, July 15,1846.
Mr. WEBSTER read and presented the peti-
tion of Joseph W. Revere and others, of Boston,
and Messrs. IIendrick,Crother, and others, of New
York, in view of the proposed duty of five per
cent, on raw copper, pi-aying that it may continue
to be admitted free of duty, or else that a duty may
be laid upon manufactured copper, copper sheath-
ing. &c.
Mr. W. also took occasion to say that, with a
view of placing in a very short and narrow com-
pass his own testimony of what would be the
product of this new tariff bill, he would to-morrow
make a statement to the Senate upon that subject
in writing.
Mr. W. asked that the memorial which he had
presented be printed.
Mr. SEVIER moved its reference to the Com-
mittee on Printing. Ordering the printing of peti-
tions and memorials, on special motion, was a
practice which ought, he said, to be discontinued.
Mr. WEBSTER said, it appeared to him very
extraordinary that objection should be made to the
printing of this memorial. It was a very short
one, and related to a most important subject. The
memorialists showed that there was a provision in
the bill now before that body which was calculated
to break up their business, and to turn them out
of employment. The Senate had refused to allow
the subject to be considered by any committee,
and they now refused to print a document which
was calculated to give them information. He put
it to the Senate, nay, he put it to the candor of the
gentleman himself, to say whether he desired such
a rigorous proceeding? Was he disposed to bal-
ance the few dollars which the printing would cost
