1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1097
the warehouse system.
Mr. DIX moved that the Senate should resume
the consideration of the warehouse bill.
Mr. RUSK said, that a short bill in relation to
the Texan navy had been made the special order
for twelve o'clock, and that if the warehouse bill
was now taken up, it would be likely to interfere
therewith.
Mr. MX hoped that the Senator from Texas
would allow his bill to be passed over until to-
morrow,.in order that the warehouse bill might be
disposed of. The honorable Senator from "Dela-
ware [Mr. J. M. Clayton] had been interrupted
in his remarks, and it was desirable that he should
now be allowed to proceed, and conclude before
the special order for one o'clock should arrive.
Mr. RUSK assented to the postponement until
to-morrow; and
The warehouse bill was then taken up; the ques-
tion being, " Shall this bill pass ?"
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON then resumed and con-
cluded his remarks in opposition to the bill. He
gave a succinct history of the introduction of the
warehouse system in England, by .Sir Robert Wal-
pole, the main objects of which were—first, reve-
nue protection; andserond, the promotion of the
navi^atin^ interests of the country. He then !
showed that the difference in our position and cir- i
cumstances rendered a peculiar measure inappro-
priate. The effect of this bill would be to throw
all our mercantile business into the hands of for-
eigners, who would be enabled to look into the
hand of the American importer; and, by glutting
the market with the goods most sought for, tread :
down our citizens in consequence of their superior !
capital. lie also described it as tending to the |
ruin of our currency. ' j
Mr. HUNTINGTON said that he did not intend |
to renew the discussion on this lull. On former |
days he had stated fully his objections to it, and
had proposed amendments, sonic of which had I
been adopted, and winch had deprived it of a por-
tion of its previous obnoxious provisions. Still,
he was of opinion that the bill in its present form
is unacceptable to a great portion of the people of
the country, and is deemed by them to be, as he
had no doubt it would prove to be, prejudicial to
their essential interests. Tie considered the bill as '
one. of the auxiliaries of (he proposed (arill'mid sub-
treasury bills, and designed to bear a part ni pro- [
moting'thc same objects. And as lie believed that
the bill, should it become a law (as he foresaw it
would) would, in its results, \ rove beneficial only
to a few rich capitalists, and mainly to foreigners
and their factors, and deleterious to American"mer-
chants, mechanics, and manufacturers, and to the
labor, commerce, shipping, and other important
interests of our own country, ho was desirous of
recording his vote against it; and to effect that ob-
ject, he moved that the question be taken by yeas !
and nays. 1
Mr. DIX briefly replied toMr..l. M. Ci.ayton,
confining his remarks principally to the objections j
urged by that gentleman against the final action j
upon the bill, until afteraction shall h.ue been had j
upon the tariff.
After some further remarks by Senators SIM- '
MOWS and CRITTENDEN against the bill,
Mr. WEBSTER said: I feel it my duty to vote
for a measure to which so many friends, of experi-
ence and judgment, have objected. I have, how-
ever, been in, favor of a warehousing system for a
long time—si^ce I have been in Congress. The
reasons upon which that opinion has been founded
are, that I believe that a well-regulated warehouse
system docs give considerable facilities to the for-
eign commerce of the country. It has been so
represented by the mercantile interests uniformly
for thirty years. The objection against it, princi-
pally relied oil now, is, that it may interfere, or is
likely to interfere, prejudicially with the domestic
industry of the country, by creating an accumula-
tion of foreign commodities, always ready to come
into the market. I agree there is something in that
argument. Another objection is, that it is con-
nected, or appears to lie connected, with other
measures to which others, and myself, are entirely
opposed. And I agree that there is something in
that argument. I wish it had been made to suc-
ceed rather than to precede the decision of the Sen-
ate upon the tariff. But nevertheless, my opinion
is, that it should rather be an object to protect the
domestic industry of the country by laying pro-
tective duties upon such articles as are manufac-
tured at home, rather than by obstructing the for-
eign commerce of the country, or withholding from
it such facilities as may make it more and more
extensive; and as this bill provides that the goods
shall remain in store but one year, I do not appre-
hend any such accumulation for so short a period
as other gentlemen are inclined to fear. As every
advantage of the bill is open to the use of the Ame-
rican merchant, and with the same great facilities
as the foreign importer, I am, upon the whole, in-
clined to give this system an experiment. If it be
found prejudicial, we can get rid of it.
The question was then taken on the passage of
the bill, and resulted as follows:
vbas—messrs. allen, archer. ashley, atclli«on, atln-r-
ton, daghy, benton, berriun, broese, bright, calhoun,
ca*s, chalmers, colquitt, dickinson, dix, fairfield, han-
jh'iran, ifajwood, houston, johnxni of louisiana, lewus
mcdu(he, lvnuvluckrr, ttu^k, hevter, speight, turney,
wolmpr, ywstfott, and yulw—31.
nays—tlarinw, cameum, cillev, thomas clay-
ton, joliri !w. chijlon, crittenden, davi^ dayton, theme,
huntington, jainrurin, johnson of mainland, mnngum,
miller, morehend, niles, phelps, simmons, sturgeon, and
woodbridge—97.
•So the bill was passed.
the tariff.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of
the " bill to provide revenue from imports, and for
other purposes.1'
Mr. EVANS proceeded in bis remarks m oppo-
sition to the bill.
lie Raid that, he had nearly completed yesterday
that part of the subject to which he hail directed
the attention of the Senate, and that was, that by
the estimates of the Heeretarv of the Treasury
himself, a Millie,iont amount of revenue could not
be derived under the bill. Tie had gone through
all the principal articles from which revenue was
derived, and had, he thought, shown that, allow-
ing the largest possible increase, and taking the
rates of duty established by this bill, a very con-
siderable diminution of revenue would bo the re-
result. He would now continue, and conclude
that examination by taking up the remaining ar-
ticles on which the Secretary could not expect anv
swelling of importation and revenue. Kirst, there
was white and red lead, of which the importation
of last year was #13,000, at a duty of ()*> per cent,
ft was proposed to reduce the duty one-half, and
the anticipated ellect was nn increase of importa-
tion to the amount of $il30,000. Then, as to paper-
hangings, an increase of importation of $100,000
was calculated on as the effect of a reduction of the
duty to 20 percent. Then, there was molasses,
of which they now imported three millions in value,
and on which the average rata of duty was short
of 30 per cent., but was placed at 30 per cent, by
the hill. No increase on that article could be ex-
pected. Next were iron wares of various descrip-
tions—a long catalogue—the "value of the importa-
tion of which, at present, was four and a half mil-
lion*, on which could be no increase. There were
some descriptions of glass, cabinet-ware, manufac-
tures of wood, japanned wares, &-c., all of whkh
were put at 30 per cent, in the hill, the «amp as at
present, and of which no increase could be expect-
ed. Then came a class of articles which yielded
about $900,000 on an importation of three mil-
lions—umbrellas, parasols, sun-shades, and cer-
tain manufactures of silk not specified, on winch ;
would he no increase.  So also with cigars, yield-
ing $375,000 duties on an importation of a million, i
the duty on which was slightly augmented. Thus, !
on articles of which the value of importation now i
was nine millions, no increase could be expected; i
while there would be a loss to the revenue of |
#2,750,000 by the reduction of duties. It would !
be necessary to add $49,500,000 to our imports to
make np this deficiency. Then lie proceeded to
show that ad valorem duties were subject to all the
fluctuations in prices; notwithstanding increased
importations might be expectcd to a ccitain extent,
yet, by the diminished rates of duty, the greater
facility for frauds under the ad valorem system,
and the growing inability of the country to con-
sume, all the estimates grounded on increased im-
ports would be ultimately found to be entirely fal-
lacious. If the bill passed, it would not yield more
than the twenty-one millions which the Secretary
calculated would be the net amount of revenue on
the imports of last year. When he looked at the
manner in which the statements were made up, he
was satisfied how little dependence was to be placed
upon them. He would look at the u modifica-
tions" which the Secretary supposed would yield
four millions. The duty on tea and coffee, esti-
mated to bring in two millions, was not in the bill.
The duty of 125 per cent, on brandy and other
spirits was reduced to 100—losing $300,000. The
duty of 10 per cent, on raw hides, from which he
expected to get $190,000, was not in the bill. Thus
two and a half millions were lost on these " modi-
fications." He had thus gone through with all the
heaviest articles in amount and value. He had
shown what would be received if all expectations
were realized, and that with all that, the deficiency
which he had pointed out could not be supplied.
But the gentleman from Alabama had expected
enormous importations—one hundred and fifty-
four millions, he believed it was—because they
destroyed the old "prohibitory tariff of 1843.
Would somebody, at some time or other, tell him
how it was prohibitory?
Mr. McDUFKlE. I shall. Itis prohibitory to the
extent of five millions by the mimmums on cotton.
Mr. EVANS. The "Secretary estimated an in-
crease of five millions on cotton goods. He (Mr.
E.) had shown that that increase would not make
up the deficiency.
Mr. McDUFFlE. My own opinion is that the;
increase will be ten millions. But the Senator chal-
lenged any one to point out where the tariff of 1842
was prohibitory.
Mr. EVANS. Ten millions increase!—of what?
The cheaper cotton fabrics—those under twenty,
cents a yard! Did the Senator know how they
were made? They were made in England of two-
thirds American cotton and one-third India cotton,
or vice versa—he was not certain about it—but
would take the proportion of India cotton to be'
one-third. Well, then, supposing that a market
could be found for ten millions of inferior cotton
fhbrics, the consumption would be equivalent to
the abandonment of one-third of all that amount of
American cotton. Was that a result desired by the
Senator from South Carolina? But he had been
drawn somewhat from the line of lus argument.
There was a gradual deelineof prices. The same
goods came to be imported at a less rate of duty,
falling into lower classes. But the repeal of the
English corn laws was to produce a great increase
of importations! That was to be seen. The effect
on the exports of American agricultuuil product#
was to be seen. It was yet to be demonstrated
whether they were not better off before the repeal
than they would be after. Before the repeal, they
imported agricultural products into the neighbor-
ing British provinces on advantageous terms. But
now thoy would have to compete with the corn-
growing nations of Europe. Why had corn and
flour declined in pri< e since the repeal of the corn-
laws? Flow were the Illinois farmers better off
when flour had fallen J25 percent.? The prospect
which might have been indulged some months
Miice has been altogether cut olf. But did not
everybody know that the apprehended scarcity in
(Jreat Britain—a dreaded famine—accounted for
the largely increased exportation of agricultural
products from the United States? Was that to he
expected from year to year? Were the calcula-
tions to be formed on the constant succession of
years of scarcity in Great Britain ? No. England
would continue to raise, to the fullest possible ex-
tent, its own food. Tier land must be cultivated.
Prices might decline by reason of perfect free trade
in corn; but British crops would be grown, put
into the granaries, sold, and consumed, at what
prices they could command. Events were to be
waited for, and the result of the experiment be
seen. But he did not expect to see any consider-
able exportation of American agricultural products
in value on account of the repeal of the British
corn laws. The price of bread in England would
fall, and so would the cost of labor. Goods would
also fall in price, and thus would the duties decline.
That was a very uncertain source of information
afforded by the table estimating the values export-
ed, which he then proceeded to show.
He desired to know on what distinct grounds
the bill was vindicated ? Was it as a revenue bill ?
■was it because the«treasury was in want of money,
and this was a mode of improving it ? He had
endeavored to show that this bill, in the most fa-
vorable view of its own friends, would fall short
of the present revenue $3,000,000. Why, then,
should it be called a revenue bill ? Undoubtedly it
was desired to improve the treasury in the present
