1098
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
emergency. Anxious as the srentlemen opposite
must be to avoid an increase of public debt, and to
avoid direct taxation, they must seek to benefit the
many by this bill. Out why give up the certain,
reliable means which they had—which had done
so much f Why abandon that proved system for
such an experiment at such an emergency? To
that solemn inquiry the only reply was " a conjec-
ture"—"an approximation to the truth !" He then
went on to reply to the argument urged against
specific duties. He contended that they were a
sure means of revenue. The tax on the yard on
which the specific duty was imposed might decline
in value, but the duty remained the same. If the
value declined 10 per cent, the consumer would the
mor* cheerfully pay the specific duty, while the
?id valorem duty increased as the consumer's abil-
ity dechncd. Check consumption and they check-
ed revenue. Experience had proved that specific
duties were stable and not liable to fluctuation.
The ad valorem principle, as had been properly
remarked by the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Webster,] yesterday, had never been tried
by any nation within hts knowledge. Me then
went on to say that the free-trade committee of the
]~>rmsh House of Commons had examined a great
mass of evidence, but not a man came forward to
advocate the ad valorem principle. Next he pro-
ceeded to speak of the opportunities of fraud af-
forded by the nd \aloiem system.
Mr. LI5WJS asked if the Senator could point
out any prosecutions or convictions of fraud by
undervaluation >
Mr. EVAN'S replied that he could, fie (Mr.
E.) admitted that the report quoted by the Sena-
tor asserted that no frauds had taken place in this
mode. The commissioners undertook many things
which they were not told to do. The paper read
was one signed only by one out of three of the
commissions >s. Just at the time the cases of fraud
were pending, the commission was in session; but
the commissioners thought that it was their duty
To go off m the effort to fasten some imputation on
the collector. (t There was never a clearly proved
case.5' Why, at the very time that report was
drawn up, cases embracing half a million of dollars
were pending! And the evidence taken by the
courts was before them. But, said the commis-
sioners, that evidence was not taken by them, and
therefore they reported that there was no fraud.
Oh! but their room was open, and anybody might
come m. And who came in? Why, the fraudu-
lent impoiter* themselves.
Mr. LEWIS nsked what the Senator regarded
as fraud ? He supposed that Mr. Newbold would
be set down as a fraudulent importer.
Mr. EVANS. Oh no! He never run out of
the country and paid $25,000 to avoid a prosecu-
tion. He then went on to speak of the " York-
shire cases" of fraud at New York, at the period
when the commission was in session. One of the
cases was that of flood. Mis father, in England,
had been in the habit of sending fraudulentinvoices
to him, till he became alarmed, and wrote several
certain!y not very filial letters to the elder Hood, j
calling him a dunce and a villian, and cautioning !
him not to under-vahie his invoices more than 25 ■
or 30 per cent., as he would not swear to any
greater under-valuation. Hood, the fathei, became
a bankrupt, and his papers, with these letters, fell
into the hands of the assignees, who, being honest
men, revealed the fraud to the custom-house
authorities in this country. Writs were issued
against several of the fraudulent importers, who
tied to the country: one of them, named Taylor,
escaped to Canada, and after remaining there for
some time, at last succeeded in compromising the
suit by paying $25,000—-not half as much as he
ought to have paid, according to the statement of
the collector. And the others also compromised
the suits in the same way, from the difficulty of
obtaining proof of the extent of the fraud. In
Philadelphia the same frauds had been perpetrated,
and then there were forty-seven trials befoie forty-
seven different juries, and forty-seven convictions.
Mr. E. continued at considerable length to expose
the frauds which had been perpetrated in a similar
way, describing the manner i.t which they were
successfully effected. Under the tariff of 1842, they
had been obliged, on certain articles, to run the haz-
ard of ad valorem duties, because specific duties
could not be laid. At the present session of Con-
gress they had enacted a law, against which he
(Mr. E.) had protested, taking away the chief
guard against fraud, by repealing the law giving
a share of the penalty of fraud to the custom-house
officers. How many prosecutions did they expect
now? All sorts of motive to vigilance had been
taken away. As that law had been passed, so
much the more rigidly should they adhere to the
stringencies of the present proposition. The Sen-
ator from Alabama had argued, that as under the
specific duty system the article went through the
hands of only one officer, fiaud was more easy than
under the ad valorem system, when several officers
reviewed the article, and were checks upon each
other. The check was simply on whether the
right rate of duty had been fixed. Nobody but
the clerk examined the goods. The ad valorem
were liable to just double the danger of the speci-
fics. Who ascertained the weight or measurement
under an ad valoiem duty? But one man, just as
under the specific duty system. But besides, they
were, under the ad valorem system, liable to ths
danger of fraudulent under-valuation and mistakes
of officers. But it had been argued by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury and the Senator from Ala-
bama. that as already the ad valorem articles paid
more than one-half of the revenue, therefore it was
the best system. Did the Secretary expcc-t that
people would import goods, not because they want-
ed them, but because they were imported in a cer-
tain wuy? The people imported goods just as they
wanted them, altogether irrespective of the mode
m which the duty was placed upon them. Change
the specific to the ad valorem, and ad valorem to
the specific, and was it to be cxpected that the spe-
cific would rise to sixty millions, and the ad valo-
rem to fall thirty-five millions > He need not ex-
pose the absurdity of such an expectation. There
were several topics on which he might dwell—the
more attractive topics, too, the effects of the pro-
posed system—hut the country was familiar with
them. But those parts of the subject he would
leave to those who were to succeed him. He then
proceeded to iccapilulate the chief points of his
argument against the bill. He objected to it be-
cause it was inadequate to support the Government
in a time of peace. He objected to it because, if
they adopted it, they destroyed the public credit, at
a time, too, when loans were sought. He ojected
to it because it would destroy the honest commerce
of the country, and put their tfade in the hands of
unprincipled foreigners. He objected to it becausc
it held out inducements to fraud. He objected to it
because it would drive so many from employment,
to poverty and crime. He objected to it because it
was an experiment—an experiment to be tried at a
time when, of all others, they should stand by that
which was proved to be good. He objected to it be-
cause it was sought by it to destroy a system which
had worked well—sustained the public credit, sup-
ported the Government, and promoted healthful
commerce. He had now discharged his duty.
His arguments would be met fairly, he doubted
not. Pie did not apprehend misrepresentation
there, whatever might be his fate elsewhere, and
of that he should take no notice,
j 11 Stetimus tela aspera contra,
! Contulimiu-quc manua , experto credite, quantus
£n elypeum assmgat, quo turbine torqucat hastam."
Mr. President, (continued Mr. E,,) this is, un-
doubtedly, the last time that I shall ever trespass
j oil the indulgence of the Senate in a speech upon
I this subject. The period of my service in the
public counsels is drawing rapidly to a close; and
i if my wishes or interests had been consulted,
would have closed long befoie this time. I have
| had occasion frequently—quite too frequently—to
' speak upon this subject. I had some humble part
i m the enactment of the law of 1842, which is to
be overthrown. I exerted myself with what abil-
] ity I could exert on that occasion, and I have done
so repeatedly since, in vindicating and upholding
! that system. I have done so now. But in all
! this, sir, 1 have had no persona! ends to subserve.
! I have no personal interest whatever in upholding
! the system which has prevailed, and for which I
I have labored; no one in any way related to me on
earth has any interest in that system personally.
| I have no other interest in it than that which every
I citizen of the country has, in seeing his fellow-
J men prosperous and happy, and his country rising
' in wealth and strength. To accomplish that, 1
have labored as I have labored. I have gained
nothing—I expect nothing personally. The policy
which has prevailed has been conducive to the
wealth of individuals, but not to mine. Honor-
able Senators may well say that we are working
not for ourselves. They may say—
Sic vos non vobis, fertis ararta boves—
for we have worked like oxen in the harness, not
for ourselves, but for the interests of our country.
Others have reaped and gathered in goldenharvests
from the fields which we have ploughed and tilled.
I have no repinings—no envyings—no regrets,
though I have gathered none myself. JBut I have
this consolation, sir—this pride—this exultation:
—that I have labored in a just and honorable spirit
of patriotism, for the interests of my country. I
see it—and I rejoice to see it—rising in strength,
in wealth, in power. And it is io me—however
feebly I have discharged any duties connected
with it—it is to me a source of satisfaction that I
have been in a very humble degree a fellow-labor-
er with others in building up and advancing, and
upholding the interests, and happiness, and honor,
of this great people.
Here the honorable gentleman resumed his seat.
A long pause followed, broken by the voice of—
The PRESIDENT. " Shall the question be
put?"
Another pause followed, and then
Mr. DAVIS rose and said: Mr. Pi-esident: If
no gentleman on the other side wishes to address
theSenate, I would desire to submit a few remarks;
but I do not wish to proceed till to-morrow.
Mr. LEWIS hoped that the Senate would pro-
ceed in the consideration of the bill.
Mr. R. JOHNSON. Will the chairman of the
Committee on Finance inform me whether any
gentleman on his side Of the chamber intends to
participate in this discussion?.
Mr. LEWIS replied that he believed one gentle-
man did intend to speak oil the subject to-morrow.
Mr. SEVIER hoped that the question would be
taken at once.
The PRESIDENT. " Shall the question be now
put?" .
Mr. DAVIS then moved that the further con-
sideration of the bill be postponed till to-morrow
at twelve o'clock.
The yeas and nays were called fpr, and, being
seconded, were ordered and taken with tlie follow-
ing result:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Bairow, Benton, Berrien, Cam-
eron, Cilley, J. M. Clayton, Thomas CJayton, Crittenden,
Davis, Dayton, Evans, Greene, Huntingron, Jarnagin, John-
son of Louisiana, Johnson of Maryland, Mancum, Miller,
Morehead, Niles, Phelps, Semple, Sturgeon, Upliam, Web-
ster, and Woodbiidge—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, A tiler ton, Bag-
by, Breese, Bright, Calhoun, Cass, Chalmers, Colquitt,
Dickinson, fix, Fairfield. Ilanne^an, Houston, Lewis,
McDufiic, Pcrmybacker, llusk, Sevier, Speight, Turney,
and Westcott—24.
So the motion was adopted.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the private calendar, and passed bills with the
following titles:
An act for the relief of Isabella Baldridge, widow
of Captain John Baldridge.
Bill for the relief of Edward Bolen.
An act for the relief of Charles M. McKenzie.
Bill for the relief of the heirs of Crocker Samp-
son, deceased.
Bill for the relief of H. H. Marsh, of Michigan.
Bill for the relief of William B. Keene.
Bill granting a pension to John Clark.
Bill for the relief of Alexis Ayot.
[A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, announcing that said House had pass-
ed a bill to authorize the issuing of treasury notes,
and a loan. This bill was taken up, read twice,
and referred to the Committee on Finance.]
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, July 15, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved".
THE TREASURY" NOTE BILL.
The SPEAKER announced the unfinished busi-
ness to be the resolution of Mr. McKay, pending
at the adjournment last evening, providing that all
debate on the bill to authorize an issue of treasury
notes and a loan should cease this day at twelve
o'clock.
Mr. GRAHAM moved that the resolution be
laid on the table.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON demanded the yeas and
nays; which were ordered.
