1100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
finitely better, and the best measure that could be
resorted to, to borrow money. He was not for
withholding supplies, but, on the contrary, for
voting them, to prosecute the war vigorously and
successfully.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL gave notice of an amend-
ment which he intended to offer, and briefly ex-
plained and enforced its provisions.
The hour of twelve having arrived, the commit-
tee, in pursuance of the order of the House, pro-
ceeded to vote on amendments pending, or that
Might be offered.
The pending question was first on the amend-
ment of Mr. U-arrett Davis, to strike out the first
section; which motion was rejected.
The question then was on the motion of Mr.
G. Dams to strike out the 1st, 2d, 3d, 4th, and so
much of the 6th line as will include the word
'• proper," m the 2d section, and add these words:
That the President of the United States be, and
* he ip hereby, authorized to borrow, on the credit
< of the United States, any sum of money not ex-
c cceding ten millions of dollarsalso, in the 14th
and 15th lines, strike out out the words " together
4 with the treasury notes issued by virtue of this
' act."'
Which amendment, by ayes 38, noes not count-
ed, was lcjectcd.
The question then was on the motion of Mr. Cr.
Davis, to amend the third section m the first and
second lines, by striking out the words " treasury
notes and the." Rejected.
Mr. SEAMAN moved an amendment, restrict-
ing the interest to a rate not higher than 3 per cent.
Rejected.
Mr. J. A. ROCKWELL offered the following
amendment; which was rejected:
Pron-led, That nothing in tin1? act fhall be construed or
ev'.uicd in f-uoh a m.tunoi a-, to wiuilure with or violate
tin1 piovisionsofan act winch has passed the Ifou-.oof Uep-
i cs.'iitativos during the present session, entitled " An act to
pro,ale for the letter ojgani/.aiion ot the treasury, and Tot
the folleetion, sale-keopine, transfer, and dubuirfemcnt of
the public money," provided said act shall become a law;
and that tlio li/th section of said act, pioviuing that "all
duties, ta-ve-i, sales of public lands, debts, and s-uins of
money arciuntg <u becoming due to the United State*,"
&x\, <>h,ill be paid in sold and silver com only; and the 20th
seetion, providing " that any ohiccr or airent engaged in
in iking disbursements on account of the United States, or
of the General Post Office, shall make ail payments m gold
and silver com only," shali be rigidly enforced,- notwith-
standing anything contained in this act.
Mr. .T. R. INGERSOLL offered the following
amendment, as an additional section:
£i;c\ And be it further cna< ted< That the miiii of fifty
thousand dollars ! <•, ;uid the same iiei-'bv, ajipiopnuted
out of any money in the tiea-uiy not othei\\i?*c appropu-
aicd, fur the puipor-c of paving the amount of certain trcas-
11iV notes wlneh, iiavinu b.-en ie<*<uvod or redeemed by anv
uuthouzed officer of the Gov< umieut, and Mibseouemly pm-
loin.'d or slolori, and put info circulation without evidence
on theii fiiee ol then' having been cancelled to the icbpective
holder^ who may have received the same, ot any of them,
foi a full cons)tlc2 aiion in the u-.ua! eoui^e of l)u-uies<, with-
out notice or Knowledge of The same having been stolen or
cancelled, or altered, and without anvciieum-tances to ca^t
hU«picion on the good taith or due caution with winch they
may have leceived the .-nine.
Mr. McKAY raised the question of order that
there was a bill on the calendar providing for these
treasuiy notes.
The CHAIRMAN decided (after an examina-
tion) that the bill was not like the amendment.
Therefore it was in order.
The question way then taken, (by tellers,) and
the vote stood—ayes 80, noes 56.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART offered an amendment, which
was decided out of order. [It related to the duties
on wines, &c., but was not read through.]
The committee then rose and reported the bill
and amendment to the House.
Mr. BOYD demanded the previous question,
which was seconded.
And the main question (first on the amendment,
and then on ordering the bill to a third reading)
was ordered to be now taken.
Mr. RATHBUN and Mr. ROBERTS asked
the yeas and nays on concurring in the amendment;
which were ordered, and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, .T. Q,. Adam?, S. Adams, Arnold,
Asbmun, Barrmgei, Bcdinger, Bell, Butfington, Burt, Wil-
liam W. Campbell, J. G. Chapman, Cocke, Cranston, Cro-
zipij Culver, G. Davis, Dixon, Dockery, Edsall, J. H. Evvnig,
Edwin H. Ewing, Faran, Foot, Foster, Flies, Gentry, Gli-
der, Grinnell, Hampton, Harper, Tliiliard, Elias B. Holmes,
Isaac E. Holmes, John W. Houston, Geoige S. Houston,
Samuel D. Hubbard, Hudson, Hungerford, Hunter, Joseph
R. Ingersoll, Charles J. Ingersoll, Joseph Johnson, Daniel
P. King, Thomas Butler King, Lawrence, Leake, Leib,
Lewis, Levm, Long, Maelay, McOonnell, J. J. McDowell,
James. McDowell, M'eGaughey, McIIenry, Mcll vaine,Marsh,
J. P. Martin, Miller, Moselejr, Pendleton, FiUsbury, Khett,
Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Root, Rank, Seaman,
Seddon, Severance, Alexander D. Sims, Truman Smith,
Albert Smith, Thomas Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stanton,
Stephens, Stewart, Stiohm, Sykes, Thomas-son, J. Thomp-
son, Thiirman, Tibbatts, Tilden, Toomhs, Trumbo, Vinton,
Wentworth, White, Wilmot, Wmthrop, Woodruff, Wood-
ward, Wright, and Young—88.
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Biggs, James Black, Boyd, Brod-
head, William G. Brown, Cathcart, Augustus A. Chapman,
Reuben Chapman, Chase, Chipinan, Clarke, Cobb, Collin,
Cullom, Dargan, De Mott, Diomcoole, Dunlap, Erdman,
Fieklw, Gaivin, Giles, Goodyear, Gordon, Graham, Grover,
JIamhn, Haialson, Iloge, Hough, Jaines B. Hunt, Jenkins,
James H. Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones,
Kaufman;, La Sere, Luton, Lumpkin, MeClean, McCrate,
McKay, Barklev Martin, Morris, Moulton, Niven, Owen,
Parrish, Payne, Phelps, Rathbun, Reid, Ritter, Roberts, Saw-
tellc, Sawyei, Scammon, Leonatd H. Sims, St. John, Strong,
Trcdway, Wheaton, Wick, Williams, and Yo.st—66.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading.
And having been read a third time by its title,
and the question bein^ on its passage,
Mr. Gr. S. HOUSTON demanded the previous
question, which was seconded, and the main ques-
tion was ordered.
Mr. McGAC/G-HEY asked the yeas and nays
thereon; which were ordered.
Mr. RATHBUN asked to be excused from vo-
ting, for reasons which he assigned, and which were
founded on objections to the amendment.
The House refused to excuse him.
The question " Shall this bill pass was then
taken, and decided in the affirmative, as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Arnold, Barringer, Bcd-
inger, Bell, Bias-, James Black, James A. Black, Bowhn,
Biodhead, William G, Brown, Butlmgton, Burt, William
W. Campbell, Cathcart, Augu-stu-* A. Chapman, Reuben
Chapman, Chase, Claikc, Cobb, Collin, Cranston, Cullom,
Cnnimms Dargan, Dj Mott, Dobbin, Dromgoole, Dunlap,
Edsall, Elhwoith, Erdman, Faran, Foster, Fries, Gaivin,
Gently, Giles, Goodyear, Goirion, Giaham, Glider, Hamlin,
Henley, Milliard. Elias B. Holmes,IsaacE. Holmes,Hough,
Gcoisre S. Houston, J3. W. llubard, Hungerford, Hunter,
Joseph R. Ingersoll, James H. John-on, Joseph Johnson,
Ancliew Johnson, Geoige W. Jones, Kaufman, Thomas B.
King, Lawrence, Leake, Leib, J_,a Seie, Levin, Ligon,
liOnsr, Lumpkin, Maciay, MeClean,McCU'llarid, MnConnell,
Joseph J. McDowell, James McDowell, McHemy, McKay,
John P. Martin, Baikley Maitm, Miller, Moms, Moseiey,
Moulton, Norris, Owen, Parrish, Payne, Phelps, Pillsbury,
Reid, Rlictt, Ritter, Robert?, John A. Rockwcll, Sawtellc,
Scainmon, Seaman, Seddon, Alexander D. Simsf, Leonard
H. Sims, Albert Smith, Thomas Smith, Stanton, Strollm,
Strong," Sykes, Jacob Thompson, Thuiman, Tibbatts, Tred-
wav, Wentworth, Wick, Williams, Wilmot, Winfhrop,
Woodruff, Woodwaid, Wright, Young, and Yost—118.
KAY^—Messrs. Abbott, John Gtmncy Adams, Ashmun,
Benton, Boyd, Milton Brown, John G. Chapman, Cinprrian,
Cocke, Cro/ier, Culver, Gairett Davis. Dixon, Dockery,
John 11. tawing, Edwin H. Ewing, Foot, Grover, Hampton,
Harper, John W. Houston, Samuel D. Hubbaul, Hudson,
James B. Hunt, Chailes J. Ingersoll, Dansel P. Kmg, Pres-
ton King, Lewis,MeGaughey, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Pendleton,
Rathbun, Julius Rockwell, Root, Runk, Sawyer, Severance,
Truman Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Starkweather, Stephens,
St. John, Tilden, Toombs, Vinton, and White—47.
So the bill was passed in the following form, to
wit:
Beit enacted hy the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of Jimerica in Congress assembled, That
the Probident ot the United States is hereby authonzed to
cause treasury notes to be issued for such sum or sums as
the exigencies of the Government may require, and in place
of s>uch'uf the same as may be redeemed to cause others to
be issued, but not exceeding the sum of £10,000,000 of this
emission outstanding at anyone time,and to be issued under
the limitations and otner provisions contained in the act
entitled "An act to authorize the issue of ti en.su ty notes,"
approved the 12th of October, 1837, except that the author-
ity hereby given to issue treasury notes shall expire at the
end of one year from the passage of this act.
Sec 2. jiitd he it, further enacted, That the President, if in
Ins opinion it shall be the interest of the United States so to
do instead ol issuing the whole amount of treasury notes
authorized by the first section of this act, may boirow on the
credit of the United States such an amount of money as he j
may deem pioper, ami issue therefor stock of the United
States for the sum thus borrowed in the same foim and
under the same lestrictions, limitation?, and provi.-ions as
arc contained in the act of Congress, approved April 14,1842,
entitled " An act foi the extension of the loan of 1841, and
for an addition of live millions of dollars thereto, and for
allowing interest on treasury notes due:" Provided, however,
That the sums borrowed, together with the treasury notes
issued by virtue of this act, shall not, in the whole, exceed
the sum of ten millions of dollar*: Jlud provided furthery
That no commission shall be allowed or paid for the nego-
tiation of the loan authorized by this act; and also, that the
said ?tock shall be redeemable at a period not longer than
ten years from the issue thereof.
Sec. 3. Jind be it further enacted, That the treasury notes
and the Hock issued under the piovisions of this act shall
not bear a higher rate of interest than six per cent, per an-
num, andno part thereof shall he disposed of at less than par.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it fwither enacted, That no compensation
shall be made to any olhcer, whose salary is fixed bv law,
for piepaiing, signing, or issuing treasury notes; nor shall
any clerk be employed beyond the number authorized by
the act herein referred to.
Sec.5. And be it further enttded, That the sum Of fifty
thousand dollars be, and the same is herehy, appropriated
out of any money in the treasury not otherwise appropriated,
for the purpose of paying the amount of certain treasury
notes which having been received or redeemed by any au-
thorized officer of the Government, and subsequently pur-
loined or stolen and put into circulation without evidence
on their face of their having been cancelled to tbc respec-
tive holders who may have received the same, or any of
them, forafull consideration in the usual course of business,
without notice or knowledge of the same having been stolen
or cancelled or altered, and without Any circumstances to
cast suspicion on the good faith or due caution with which
they may have received the same..-
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON moved a reconsideration
of the vote, and demanded the previous question.
There was a second. The main question was
ordered; and, being taken, the vote was not re-
considered .
REPORT OJV THE MEXICAN WAR.
Mr. CULLOM made an ineffectual motion to
suspend the rules to enable him to submit a mo-
tion for the printing of an extra number of the
report of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, in re-
lation to the causes of the Mexican war.
NATIONAL FOUNDRY.
Mr. BRODHEAD moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (for the purpose of taking up the bill
reported from the Committee on Military Affairs,
providing for the establishment of a national
foundry.)
Mr. 'HUNTER requested him to waive the mo-
tion for the purpose (the reporter thinks) of en-
abling him (Mr. H.) to submit a motion setting
apart some time for the consideration of business
relating to the District of Columbia.
The motion was not waived.
And the question being taken, the motion of Mr.-
Brodhead was rejected.
Mr. WHEATON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, made a report.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Norms, of New Hampshire, in
the chair.)
Mr. McKAY moved that the committee take up
the bill making appropriations for the support of
volunteers.,
Mr. RATHBUN indicated the bill to reorganize
the State Department.
Mr. BURT referred to some bill, the title of
which the reporter could not hear.
VOLUNTEERS AND OTHER TROOPS.
The motion of Mr. McKay having been agreed
to, the committee proceeded to the consideration of
the following bill:
A BILL making appropriations for the support of volun-
teers and other troops authorized to be employed in the
provocation of the war" with Mexico, during the \ear
ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and forty-
seven.
Be it cruided by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the following sums 'be, and the same are hereby, appro-
priated, to be paid out of any money in the treasury, for the
support of volunteers and other troops authorized to be em-
ployed m the prosecution of the war with Mexico, during
the year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and
forty-seven:
For the regular army, viz:
For pay of officers and men, provided for by the act of
eighteenth June, eighteen hundred and forty-six, forty-five
thousand nine hundred and forty-four dollars;
For subsistence of said officers, three thousand eight hun-
dicd and sixty-nine dollars;
For forage for sanl officers' horses, three thousand seven
hundred and forty-four dollars;
For clothing for said officers' servants, three hundred and
sixty dollars;
For recruiting the rifle regiment, nine thousand one bun-
dled and eighty dollars;
For clothing and camp equipage for same, twenty-nine
thousand nine hundred and ninety-three dollars;
For forage for same, tifty-two thousand two hundred and
fiftv-four dollars.
For volunteers, (including officers, Sc-e., authorized by acts
passed the present session,) and their operations, and those
of the regular army hi the field, viz i
For pay of otlieers, two hundred and twelve thousand and
ninety-six dollars;
For subsistence of officers, &c., one hundred andfifty-two
thousand seven hundred and sixteen dollars;
For foi age for officers3 horses, fifty-three thousand three
hundred and seventy-six dollars ;
Foi clothing of officers' servants., thirteen thousand eight
hundi ed dollars;
For pay, &e.,Stc., of volunteers authorized by the act of
thirteenth May, eighteen hundred and forty-six, three mil-
lion four hundred and ninety-seven thousand dollars;"
For subsistence in kind, one million fifty-four thousand
and five hundred dollars;
For campequipage, &c.,one himdrcd and thirty thousand
dollars;
