1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1103
is to be the order of things, that whenever a mem-
ber of this body presents, for its consideration, the
sentiments of his constituents, or of any other por-
tion of the people of this Union, against a measure
pending here, so deeply interesting to all classes of
the community, he is to be regarded as a fulminator
of denunciations or a panic-maker. Upon all such
occasions the organ, with the monotony ofacuckoo-
clock, cries out " Panic! panic!" Now, sir, in all
honesty, I do not know that any politicians in this
country need take up the trade of panic-making
against the gentlemen on the other side. They
have shown themselves the most accomplished
panic-makers the country ever produced. For one,
sir, without regard to panics or false alarms, I shall,
with great submission to the powers that be, con-
tinue the course that I have prescribed to myself,
in regard to making known the sentiments of the
people; and all memorials and petitions transmit-
ted to me, representing those sentiments, I shall
endeavor to present to the Senate, with such expo-
sitions and explanations thereon as appear to me
to be required. And 1 may be permitted, perhaps,
on this occasion, as it relates to the general subject
of the tnnir, to present, nuiinly, to the considera-
tion of the honorable Senator from Alabama, who
is at the head of the Committee on Finance, an
abstract from the Treasury documents, and a cal-
culation founded thereon, taking for its other ele-
ment the statements of the honorable Senator him-
self as to the average amount of those proposed
duties, with a view to show what it appears to me
highly probable will be the result of this bill us to
the amount of revenue it will produce. Of course
it, will be open to any criticism of the honorable
Senator, or of any other gentleman lieie. As there
is nothing spcculatnc in it, for it deals in fat.tsand
figures, anil not in conjectures,! will state it briefly,
that every member may understand it.
The object of the bill is to raise twenty-eight
millions of dollars for the service of the year by
duties on imported $;oods. It is proposed to raise
this amount by ad vuloran duties entirely.
These duties arc arranged by the bill into eight
classes, the articles being charged, respectively,
with one bundled, forty, thnty, t\veuty-five,
twenty, fifteen, ten, and five per cent. The chair-
man of the Committee on Finance says that the
average of these several rates of duties is twenty-
three and a half per cent.
The question therefore is, whether we may
justly expect such an impoitation this year as, at
thai, average rate, wjii yield a revenue of twenty-
eight millions of dollars. To judge of this, we
may look at the amount of importations last year.
By the Treasury statement it appears that the
value of merchandise imported from July I, 1844,
to .Tune 30, 1845, was $117,254,564. This is a
larger importation than the average of the last live
years. But this amount includes all the free ar-
ticles, the value of which is #22,167,840.
It is said that the free list will be diminished by
this bill by transferring several of its articles to the
taxed lists. But the main articles still remained
free. Tea, coffee, and specie, arc not to be taxed
under this bill; and the value of these in last year's
importation was $15,914,694. Deduct this from
the aggregate of importations, and the balance re-
maining is $101,339,915.
In truth, there are many other articles left free;
but tea and coffee, and specie, are the principal.
Now, this sum of §101,339,915, on an average
duty of twenty-three and a half per cent., will pro-
duce $>23,814,877, and no more. But this is gross
product.
There is to be deducted, in the first place, for
cost of collection, $3,000,000. In the next place,
we are to deduct the drawbacks at the same amount
os last year, viz. $1,878,407 55. After these de-
ductions there remains only the sum of $19,936*,-
4G9 as the net revenue from an importation as
large as that of last year.
ff we call this, for the sake of round numbers,
twenty millions, then it follows that upon such an
importation as that of lust year the duties would
fall shoit of the amount judged necessary for the
uses of the Government by the sum of eight mil-
lions.
To provide these eight millions, at the same
rates of duties, there will be required an increased
importation of forty millions of dollars, making
an aggregate of importation of free and dutiable
goods of $157,254,564.
Now, is there any just ground of expectation
that any such increased importation wiii take
place? Or, if it were possible that such an in-
crease should accrue, can the goods be paid for
without draining the country of specie, and effec-
tually deranging the currency.
Let it be remembered that to meet the importa-
tions of last year specie was exported beyond the
import of the same articles to the amount of
$4,530,273, viz: "of specie" over imports of the
same article $3,691,807; and exported American
coin under the head of " domestic products"
$844,406: making together the sum of $4,536,273.
1 might add that if we expect an increase of
forty millions in the amount of dutiable goods, we
; must expect also a corresponding increase in the
\ amount of free goods.
\ I have a few additional remarks to make, and
i one iw, that there is no substantial ground to say
| that the measure, if pa.ss.ed, will meet the wants
j of Government. Another is a very delicate one,
j and one to which 1 desire particulaily to call the
j attention ol the honorable Senator from Alabama.
( 1 take it for granted that there must be an issue of
j treasury notes.
Mr. lewis. I am ready to report a bill for
that purpose.
Mr. WEHSTER. The honorable member says
the bill iw ready to be repoited. Now, will ihe
honorable Senator allow me to ask huu to consid-
er well, if his bill goe.s out before) the public, and
those who are acquainted with such things, and
j astute in such calculations, should be of opinion
j that these provisions for rev« nue will not meet the
; expectations of the honorable Senator, will not
j yield the amount called for by the wants of the
i Uovernmcnt, does he not see lhat this affects the
commeictal and the moneyed world at once, and
diminishes tin- credit aUu« hed to the Uo\eminent?
Does he not see that U is neces^tiry to convince
the public that provision, and ample provision,
was made for revenue, so that the Treasury would
be able, to meet the redemption of those treasury
notes, before he can give them a circulation at the
rale of interest which I presume lie intends they
shall bear?
Mi. LEWIS said he did not know that he could
| " impromptu*'' ivp\y to the hibmed calculation which
j the Senator from Massaehusctts had luou^ht foi-
j \\ ard on paper 1 !<• (omul, huu e\ rr, I hat the In «n-
I orable gentleman had taken Ins (Mr. I, 's> estima-
ted average of duties, under the House bill, of2«l}
per cent., and upon that estimated average of du-
ties he [Mr. w&bstkrj had made a calculation on
the importations of 1845, which resulted in an ag-
gregate of revenue approaching withm a few thou-
sand dollars in amount of what he (Mr. lkwis)
had submitted to the SuuUe, although the aggre-
gate submitted by him (Mr. L,') was obtained m
a very different manner, lie (Mr. L.) attained
the result by taking each article of importation in
J845, and finding out by the House bill what duty
was imposed on such article, and then calculating
the revenue which would result from that amount
of importation.
Now,sir, (Mr. L. said,) he felt flattered that he
was so fully sustained m his estimate of the aggre-
gate ol* revenue by the calculations of the Senator
from Massachusetts, more particularly as that ag-
gregate on the importations of 1845, was his (Mr.
L.'s) basis for his estimate of the revenue which
would be derived from the present lull in the next
iiseal year. "Where, then, (Mr. L. asked,) did he
dtiler from the. Senator from Massachusetts? That
Senator, lie thought, had improperly and errone-
ously, he must be allowed to say, deducted the
drawback from an amount of revenue which re-
mained, after the exported articles on which the
drawback had been allowed, had been deducted.
A hundred and seventeen millions were the gross
importations of IH45, including the reexported ar-
ticles. The hundred and one millions and a frac-
tion of importations, upon which the gentleman
had made his calculations, was the amount of goods
which were left in the countiy for consumption
after the exportation* had been deducted, and,
therefore, there should not be a further allowance
from the amount obtained, by another deduction
of drawbacks.
Mt\ WKBSTER briefly replied. He said there
could be no mistake between the honorable mem-
ber from Alabama and himself, as it was altogether
a matter of figures. He then showed that the
drawbacks were to be deducted from the amount
included in the calculation of the Secretary of the
Treasury, and repeated his own calculation, show-
ing that to supply the deficit of eight millions under
the bill, ail increased importation of forty millions,
making an aggregate of free and dutiable importa-
tions of one hundred and fifty-seven millions, would
be necessary. - ' •
Mr. CAMERON presented three memorials of
operators, proprietors, miners, and others, engaged
in producing and furnishing coal in Schuylkill
county, Pennsylvania, praying that the duty on
foreign coal may not be reduced; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. C. also presented a memorial of shippers
and importers in the city and county of Philadel-
phia, Pennsylvania, remonstrating against the pas-
sage of the bill reducing the duties on imports, and
for other purposes; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. C. also presented a memorial of citizens of
Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, engaged in the
coal trade, and various pursuits connected there-
with, praying that the duty on foreign coal may
not be reduced; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, submitted ad\ei so reports upon
the petitions of Andrew Parke, Alexander Wilson,
and Mary W. Ketchum; which were ordered to be
printed.
issue of treasury notes.
Mr. LEWIS, from the Committee on Finance,
to whom was yesterday referred the House bill
authorizing the issue of trtnsury notes and a loan,
reported it back without amendment.
Mr. L. axked that the bill be considered now.
Mr. lCVANS objected. The bill had not yet
been printed and laid on the tables of Senatois,
and neither hunsHf nor any of his colleagues knew
: what it was. lie did not design going into a long
discussion of the subject, nor did he know as he
should oppose the hill, but he did desire to make
some observations thereon when it came up.
Mr, LEWIS expressed the hope that the bill
would be allowed to pass through committee of
the whole, and be reported to the Senate to-day,
when he would be willing to lay it over until to-
morrow.
Mr. EVANS assented to such a course, provi-
ded the bill was left in the hands of the Senate and
open to amendment.
The bill was then considered as in committee of
the whole, and icported back to the Senate with-
out amendment.
Mr. SEVIER expressed the hope that it would
now be put upon its third reading, and then laid
over.
Mr. EVANS objected. That course (he said)
would place it beyond amendment.
Mr. fcJKVIER desired to know of the Senator
from Maine whether he desired to amend it?
Mr, EVANS replied that he could not tell until
he had read it—neither could any other member
of the Senate.
Mr JOHNSON, of Maryland, observed that it
was important that the bill should pass. The
Government wanted money at the extreme South,
and without this measure was adopted, would be
obliged to transport specie to that disbursing
point. At the same time he thought it proper that
the Senator from Maine and other Senators should
have an opportunity to examine the bill.
Mr. LEWIS expressed his willingness that the
bill should he laid o\er until to-morrow.
The (lnestion was then taken upon postponing
the further consideration of the lull until to-mor-
row, and it was agreed to.
Mr. athkrton, from the Committee on
Printing, reported in favor of printing the memo-
rial presented yesterday by Mr. webster, in re-
lation to the duty on raw copper, and against print-
ing a similar memorial presented by Mr. reverdy
johnson.
adjournment of congress.
On motion of Mr. HANNEGAN, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of the resolution
submitted by him several weeks since, providing
for the adjournment of Congress on the 20th day
of the present month.
Mr. TURNEV suggested a modification of the
resolution, by inserting "10th August."
Mr. HANNECrAN accepted the modification.
