THE mNmiESSTONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR fa RIVES.
99th Conghess, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JULY 21, 184G.
New Series....No "0.
those of oulr own navy, he could not give his assent
to the bill.
On motion of Mr. LEWIS, the further consid-
eration of the bill was then postponed until to-
morrow, for the purpose of proceeding to the spe-
cial order.
Mr. D1X gave notice that he would, to-morrow,
ask the Senate to take up the river and harbor ap-
propriation bill.
Hie (House) joint resolution authorizing the
manufacture and distribution of medals made from
the trophies of Palo Alto and Resaca He la P.'Uvna,
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
The Senate considered the adverse report of the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims, upon the
petitions of .Tosiah Dutton and the heirs of John
Morrison; which was concurred in-
TI-1E TARIFF.
The Senate then, as in committee of the whole,
resumed the consideration of the "bill to provide I
revenue, from imports, and for other purposes."
Mr. DAVIS then addressed the Senate. lie ,
said he approached the subject with reluctance.
For a long time it had agitated the public mind. ^
The public mind had been occasionally tranquil- :
ii/.ed with regard to it, but at other times it. had
been greatly disturbed. Titus the most distin-
guished minds of the country had been called to
{■ngage m the discussion. He felt fully convinced
that, he could not hope to oiler much that would
interest or instruct the Senate. The only motive
which induced him to occupy the time of the Sim-
ate was this: notwithstanding all this discussion, j
the subject had lost nothing of its importance. As ,
lively and deep an interest was felt in it now as |
ever had been felt. Well, then, having the lioniu j
to represent in part a people whose, interests were
largely at stake, in tlio mutter, it was his duty to
attempt, at least, to frustrate the purpo-'es of tin-:
bill, lie did not propose to use the ground so
ably occupied by his friend from Maine, (Mr.
1£v\ns.J That gentleman iiad discussed the finan-
cial part of the bill with consummate ability.
Still, so great were the interests, so important the
principles involved in the bill, that much still re-
mained to engago discussion.
lie would now attempt to show that the leading
motive in which the bill originated had little oimio
connexion with the finances of the country. The
finances were of but secondary importance, in the
judgment of those who were pressing this meas-
ure. The bill, to be sure, made some provision
for revenue; but its chief object was to carry out
a principle that hud been contended for in that
Chamber for thirty years; and what was that prin-
ciple? It was to encourage importations; to en-
large the sphere of the foreign trade at the sacrifice
of the interests at. homo. Now, whatever were
the sentiments of the framers of the bill, it was to j
have that effect; and perhaps ho did not orr when j
lie said it was designed to liuvo that effect. Well, |
now, it had been "justly said to bo a now and un- j
tried measure. The chairman of the Committee
<m finance admitted that, He confessed tlmt he
had looked in vain for a precedent. In order to do
no injustice, he would permit the Secretary ofthc
Treasury to describe the general objects of the bill
in his own language:
" The ertmiitioti of our foreign rotation*, it it said, should
sn-n<'iul the reduction of the titnll. No American patriot
can dexire to arrest oar onward ciirccr in pcaee and pros-
perity ; lau. if, unhappily, such should be tin: icsutt, it would
create an increased tieersKily {or reducing our yrescnl hi h
Jit/ies. in order to obtain sufficient revenue to meet increased
crpeiulUures. The duties 'lor the quarter eiutin? the :i(kh
September, 1841, jiol'ted $%011 ,Kf<5 90 more of revenue tliiui
the quarter ending 3tHli September, 1845; showing a very
considerable decline of the revenue, growing out of a dimin-
ished impoitalion of the lustily protected article;* nnd Die
progressive substitution of the domestic rivals."
Let them observe what, the complaint was?—a
diminution of the revenue, springing from a dimin-
ished importation of the articles protected. The
Secretary proceeded:
il Indeed, nmiiy of the duties arc becoming (lead letters,
except for the purpose of prohibition, und, if not icduccd,
will ultimately compel their advocates to ro«ort to direct
taxation to support the Covennuont. in the event of war,
70
nparly till the hi-li duties would become prohibitory, from * try. If it hnd T)Ot that fiittt, he was "n^le ^
the increased risk and cost of importations; and if there be, *> object. The country had lrad rmteil expei lcnce
indeed, in the opinion of any, a serious danger of such  n 1 j . - ~f>e-*ird to the foreign importations* All states-
occurrciice, it appeals i«o?t clrnngly to therr j'men a(]mitted that excess! VC importations were
! injurious. But it was expected that
impo.se the lowest revenue duties on a!! atticle^, as the only
means of <eeuring, at bitch a period, any considerable tnv
coitui from the tariff."
| would increase. Pecuniary pressure,
bringing
re-
"What inference was to be drawn from that? | great calamities in its train, was the necessary
* " •' 1  an unsafc increase of importations. In
The Secretary said the importation was diminish
cd, and there was a substitution of the domestic
articles. Even in the event of war, they were to
fihun hicjh duties—for what reason? To prevent
the increase of Amcnctin productions! The very
purpose was to countervail and to check American
1 ■ j I K lii.i.y. It lti I ll.pllt tKltlll
1825 there was excessive importations, followed
bv a'crisis; and two, if not three, had since oc-
curred in the same way. That, nevertheless, was
the great plan of free trade. The doctrine of fiee
...  , trade, as it was announced, was, that they were to
industry—to put out the fires here, and light them :! furnisU broad to Europe, nnd Europe was to clothe
• ... . .1 .... .i— i a fancy sketch,might
be sufficiently attractive and plausible enough^ But
there—to stop the wheels here, and sei_ them in
motion on the other nule of the ocean. Then, he
said, the low duties which were advocated had
n meaning ubuve and beyond revenue. They weio
designed to produce u revolution in the alluirs and
business of the country. In order that lb'' Secre-
tary mi^ht bo fully understood, he would read
another passage:
« Let us, with revenue dmies onlv. open our port* to all
the world, and nation alter nation will -non tollow our ex-
ample. It we rcMtwre our larill, the partv oppu-ed to the
corn Inwa ni'Knslaud would >oou prevail, mid admit all our
rti'neulltiral products atall Uiuesf(<*ely into her ports ni e\-
ehan e foj her export-. And ilT.ngland would now repeal
hei duties upon our wheat. Hour, Indian corn, and other
rn'rieultor;il products, our own refttietive MMem would j
eertamlv he doomed toovoithimv If the qwviioiiis asked, j
Who shall h'-^rin Uih work of reemroeut redmuon ? it h ,
answered by tin- f.iet, that Knyi.md has .-tbeadv abated her ;!
dirties 11 jiiKl most of om e\|Nii t«<. She has repealed the duty 1
upon cotton, and ereatlv reduced the Unit! upon our biead- \
Html-, provisions nod oiht  uriielfs; rtnd her pre ..'irt hid <
harvest, it' nec<mip;tnlet! hv !t r< dueliou o{ our tar 11!, \\ouUl
lead to the repeal ofhet eoin laws, nnd tire imrestrteted ad
mission, at all time.!, of our asm ultural produon. Tire
manutaeturinj,' interest (vppusrs reciprocal tiee tiaae ^vith
tbree'u nation^.'" *>.*•*
k-The true intention h, whether the tanner and phtrrtet
shall.to ayie.u intent, -upply our people witlr ehe.ip tiiami 1
faetuie", piireha-ed abroad with their jejritMilminl prodnet-, ,
or wliethel this exelianse -hai! he tortudden by hn:h dnneM :
on snell tiiunin'.i-Mlue--, .unl tJm ir .iipi>5\ llm-w ti. n, n n oii«>p ,
olv, 'it lap". |, lee i lis hi-11 l.ittH' , tot" tin- hamUot orn <t\\ u
maiiufaeiiireiri."
1 rmv was tiiat to be cdi ctcd? The farmer and ,j
the planter were to unite in producing this over- !,
throw; and the Secretary endeavors to convince •
the farmer that if he only overthrows this system
ho will find an abundant market for his prod acta
on the other «ide of the Atlantic. It, then, the '
farmer will unite, in putting down the. manufactn- 1
rers, and bi'insinu into contempt the home market j
of the country, the promise is thai he will find an I
abundant market beyond the Atlantic, ijcfore he I
would take hi.s scat,"lie would show what the home \
market waw, and what the character and prospccts ,
of the foreign market—so much landed by the Sec- i
retary—were. First, however, he would s|ieak ,
of the policy anil provisions of the bill. The
" Compromise act*1 intiodoced what was called the
" horizontal system." That aystem was denoun-
ced by the Secretary of the Treasury, and ill that
ho (Mr. D.) concurred. He agreed that no states-
man ever adopted that wy.stem On' financial purpo- i
aca, and that no one wouid think of adopting it lor .
tho benefit of the sjencral interests of the country. ,
On what ground,"then, had it found advocates?
lurnisil nieou tu        .■ .
them. Well, that perhaps m a tancy sketch, mig
":v attractive and plausible enough, b
he hc'sed the attention of the Senate to somB
historical facts on that subject. 1 bey had tried
nil that. The colonies were placed precisely m
that relation to Great Britain which the bill sought
to establish, and it was really a question between
the Tnitctl States and Great Britain. During their
colonial existence, they enjoyed those great bless-
ing which gentlemen so much desired to place
ivnin in their hands. 1 low did it work. ^Iicre
\vns aa sjreat a jealousy in Great britain with re-
spect to'tradc and manufactures, as could possibly
exist in the mind of the Secretary of the Treasury,
or any other treatleman. They kept an eye on all
the a'tfairs of the colonies. Not a hatter s shop
was opened on which the, eyes of the Government
,.f Great liritain were not fixed. Ho would read n
short extract from " Pitkin's Statistics on that
^ubiect. [Mr. 0. read an extiact trom the work
named, showing the stringent ami
measures adopted by the British Board ot Trade
for the suppression of colonial manufactures ]
That vvua the conclusion of the Board of ltaue
one. hundred years ago-a pretty apt conclusion.
While he w i<4 on that colonml history, he would
mention somethms of British legislation. In some
parts of ,Vrw I'.n-land there were same hatters
shop;) which attracted tlie. attention of this Board
; of Trade, who looked ns narrowly into them as
* the. Secretary of the Treasury could. Well, they
! made a law prohibiting the exportation of lmts from
I one colony to the, other, and enforcing an apprer.-
! tic.cship of seven years, enacting at the same time
! that no man should have more than two appren-
"mi-. inTIS'TINGTOiV. That is a specimen of
British free trade.
Mr. DAVIS. Perhaps the most extraordinary
statute was one to "regulate," or rather put an
end to, the manufacture of iron. 1 hey found that
the metal was ewrywhcie, but. they inaiwtcd, just
as did the Chainnan of the Committee of Ways
and Means, that the colonies should cross the ocean
nnd fetch from Kuropc the iron which they needed.
Thev enacted that every rolling-mill was a public
nuisance, to be abated by the Governor on the tes-
timony of two witnesses. What were the privi-
leges of the colonics ? Why—just as this bill pro-
potied—to feed Knglanil, and to be clothed by
England, if they had the means of buying clothing.
It was under these circumstanccs that Mr. Pitt
Why."oil The ground that it went direc.Hy against ! made his celebrated declaration, that " the colonies
W' 5' principle constituted the ought not to bo permitted to make ajiob-nai1."
CasIs'ofThis bilb The 'lutics' created by the bill !i What was the result ? One worthy of consideration
of 1842, and by the operation of which domestic,
industry was aided, had been reduced; and the
duties in the bill were spread over other articles in
order to enable this reduction ill the more important
articles to be made. But the principle had been
carried still farther, so as to discriminate against,
the domestic industry of the country, by heavy
taxes on the articles on winch that domestic in-
dustry acted. The raw material was taxed—a
principle avoided by all sound legislation. These
features of the bill bad induced him to infer that
it was designed to revolutionize the policy of the
country. And in that inference lie was sustain-
ed by the calculations on the other side, that
there would be an increased importation—put-
tin^ domestic rivals out of the market. In one
wol-d, it was anticipated that the chief gain would
be by uprooting the domestic industry of the coun-
at all times and by all men. The people of the
colonics, who had nothing to send to Europe, en-
tered into an illicit trade, awl then was act after act
enacted by the House of Commons to put down
that illicit trade. A few years ago, he (Mr. D.)
was at Copp's Hill Cemetery, and he there saw
a curious monument, the inscription on which at-
tracted his attention. The inscription described
that the man there buried, named Mr: 1 com, when
a boy was one of those called '' North Enders,
and raised help to run one of these cargoes of con-
traband goods. The people of the colonies could
not live without that illicit commerce. Then came
the penal acts—and then writs of assistance. Those
writs were one of the immediate causes of exaspe-
ration which produced the Revolution itself. He
could tell the advocates of the bill that if they re-
volutionized one way, the people would revolu-
