1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1107
Mr. CKOZIER, who gave notice of an amend-
ment which he was about causing to be read and
explaining, when some interruptions took place on
a point of order, which were terminated by-
Mr. HILLIARD resuming the floor,
Mr. H. said: He did not intend to discuss the
origin of the war with Mexico, but desired to offer
some views as to the manner of conducting it, and
the objects to be secured by pushing it successful-
ly. He believed it was on all sides understood,
that there were three open questions affecting our
relations with Mexico—the debts acknowledged
to be due to us, the title to Texas, and the bound-
ary between the two Republics. As to the first,
it was undoubtedly our duty, as weli as right, to
enforce the payment of what has been solemnly
acknowledged to be due; but this would not of
course have led to war. As to the second, he
regarded the right of the United States to annex
Texas as clear and beyond question. If Texas
was independent for one purpose, it was indepen-
dent for all purposes. It had been recognised as
an independent State by England, France, and
Holland, as well as by our own Government.
Mexico, therefore, had no right to complain of the
United States for the act of adding Texas to their
possessions. It was one of those events which
was inevitable, and being accomplished, ought no
longer to be brought upon the field of discussion.
He would take occasion to say that he admired
the lofty position taken by Mr. Clay in regard to
this question; he did not bend before the popular
current, but desired to avoid war with a weak
neighbor, by treating her with the greatest for-
bearance. if he had been placed at "the head of
the Government, Texas would have been annexed
without the shedding of a drop of blood.
This must no longer be left an open question—
the contest now waged with Mexico must close it.
As to the boundary, he had no intention to discuss
it now; it must be settled by negotiation with
Mexico; and he did not desire to trammel or em-
barrass it. These are the objects, then, involved
in this war. As to the manner of conducting it,
it should be pressed with vigor, but with humani-
ty. A spirit of conquest ought not to be engen-
dered by a protracted war, or by demanding harsh
terms. A powerful and great nation, we can afford
to be generous. Let us look to a speedy peace,
otherwise the lust of conquest will rise beyond
our control, and we shaJi be prepared to exclaim
with Macbeth,
" I am in blood «teep'd now so far,
Returning were as tedious .is go o'er."
"We may conclude a negotiation with Mexico,
taking in payment of debts due us a part of Cali-
fornia; but it must be freely offered on her part as
a mode of payment, not wrested from her as a
conquered province. I think we may safely ex-
tend our territorial limits: the structure of our
Government will bear it. Like the fabled tent in
the Aiabian Nights, it may cover a small or a great
people—expansion will not impair its strength.
But, sir, we must hail the first movement on the
part of Mexico towards the restoration of peace, by
meeting it promptly and generously. We owe this
to ourselves as a Christian nation, and we owe it to
mankind, who look to us as a powerful people
carrying out great principles in the successful ad-
ministration of a free government.
Mr. COBB addressed the committee in defence
of the war, and in reply particularly to former
remarks of his colleague, [Mr. Stephens.]
Mr. CUMMINS obtained the floor, and gave
notice of an amendment, which he caused to be
read, and, explaining its provisions, he occupied
the remaining minute and a half allotted to debate.
Tire hour of three having arrived, the committee
proceeded to vote.
Mr. KING, of Massachusetts, offered the fol-
lowing amendment, which was rejected:
Provided, That immediate measures bo taken for the
peaceful arid honorable settlement of all difficulties and dif-
ferences between this country and the sister Republic of
Mexico.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON offered the following
amendment, which was ruled out of order:
Bec. % Jlad be it further enacted, That each officer, non-
commissioned officer, private, and musician of the volun-
teer force which has been or shall be called and received
into the service of the United States, under laws passed at
the present session of Congress, and each non-commissioned
officer, private, and musician in the regular auny of the,
United States, who was enlisted in the service of the United
States on the seventh day of- May last, or who shall enlist
n ! uch service during the present war with Mexico, and
the children or next of kin of such as have fallen since the
said seventh day of May last, or shall hereafter, during said
war, fall in battle or die in actual service, shall bo entitled
to receive of the United States one quarter section of land,
to be laid off and assigned under the diiection of the Pres-
ident of the United States; such officer, private, or musician
having served the full term for which he was commis-
sioned, enrolled, or enlisted, unless sooner honorably dis-
charged.
Mr. CROZIER offered the following amend-
ment; which, by ayes 48, noes 73, was rejected :
For the payment of four companies of Tennessee volun-
teers, who enteied the service of the United States in eigh-
teen hundred and tlurty-fix, and were indefinitely fur-
loughed by General John E. Wool, such sum as may be as-
certained to be due them, at the rate of forty cents per diem
for their horses, and twelve-and-a-half cents per diem for
forage to each volunteer during the existence of said fur-
lough, and until their final discharge.
Mr. REUBEN CHAPMAN offered the follow-
ing amendment:
Provided, That there shalibe paid to the volunteers called
into the service of the United States under the act releried
to, ten dollars per month, or at that rate, for the time they
aie retained in the seivice.
Mr. GEORGE W. JONES raised the point of
order.
The CHAIRMAN decidcd the amendment not
in order.
Mr. CHAPMAN appealed.
The decision of the Chair was affirmed.
So the amendment of Mr. Chapman was not
entertained.
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS offered the following
amendment.
Be it further enacted, That the proper officers be, arid
they arc hereby, authorized and required to audit and settle,
upon principles of justicc and equity, according to the cir-
cumstances of the ca«o, all accounts and demands of any
of the United States against the Govei nmenr, for raisins? any
troops under any requisition ofthe President, and to pay the
same out of any money in the Treasury nototherwise appro-
priated; and that the accounts of any volunteeis who ac-
tually organized themselves and repaired to the place of
rendezvous, and who were not received into service m any
of the States, undei the said requisition, be audited and set-
tled in the same way.
Mr. PAYNE offered the following as an amend-
ment to the amendment:
Af:erthe word " volunteers," insert:
" Called out by virtue of the order of the Secretary of War,
or by viitue of the requisition of General E. P. Gaines."
At the end of the amendment add the following:
"And that the said volunteers bo allowed and paid the
same compensation to which they would have been entitled
bv law, hnd thev hi en received and mulcted into the .ser-
vice of the United St<U"s. estimating the time from the
day upon which they lett home until the day of their return
thereto."
Mr. BOYD raised the point of order on Mr. Cr.
Dayis's amendment.
The CHAIR ruled it out of order.
Mr. DAVIS appealed.
The decision of the Ghair was affirmed.
So the amendment was decided out of order,
(and with it fell the amendment of Mr. Payne.)
Mr. STEPHENS offered the following amend-
ment, which was declared to be out of order:
Jlndbe il further cii'icted by the authority aforesaid, TJiat
the proper"accounting officers of the treasury be autho-
rized and required to audit and settle the claims of the State
of Gooigia for reimbursement of monevs paid by said State
to meet'and cover the expenses attending the calling out of
ttoops and forces in the late Creek and Seminole war, upon
the proper authorities of said State producing satisfactory
evidence that said amounts of money have been actually
paid by said State.
Mr. CUMMINS offered the following amend-
ment, which was declared to be out of order:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the proper officer be, and
he is heieby, authorized and empowered to audit, allow,
settle with, and pay, out of any money in the treasury not
otherwise appvopuated, to The several States which were
called upon by the United States Government for volunteers
for immediate feiviec in the exiting war with Mexico, by
vittue of the net of Congress approved on the 13th dav of
May, 1846, authorizing the President to aeeept the sei vices
ot 5'),000 volunteers, mid for other put poses, all proper and
legal expenses mcuned and "contracted bv said volunteers in
and about their organization and equipment, and in travel-
ling to and from, and while they remained at, the places of
general lendezvous or local dep6ts designated and appointed
in said Slates respectively by the proper authentic*, thereof;
and also to pay said volunteers wages at the same rate that
troops in the icgular service of the United States are paid,
for the time they were necessarily employed in organising
and equipping themselves for the service, and in travelling
to and from said rendezvous, depfits, or remaining thereat.
This section «hall embrace and be applicable to the fol-
lowing descriptions of volunteers, to wit: such as were reg-
ularly organized into companies, and repaired to any of the
general rendezvous or legal depftts aforesaid, and were then
regularly discharged by the proper officers; and also such
volunteers* as wcie regularly organized into companies, and
departed from their homes for any of the rendezvous or de-
pots aforesaid, and who were intercepted on their way, and
discharged in manner aforesaid.
And beitfmther enacted, That the provisions of the sec-
tion last aforesaid shall be, applicable to, and shall embrace,
the States called upon by Major General E. P. Gaines for
troops for service m the war with Mexico, and to the troops
who volunteered, by virtue of the call of said Gaines, in
like cases, m the same manner that it is applicable to the
States and troops mentioned or referred to in said section.
Mr. FARAN desired to-offer the following sub^
stitute; which was not entertained:
"Thatfromand after the day of the commencement of the
existing war with Mexico, and until the close of said war,
the pay of the non-commissioned officers, musicians, and
privates in the regular army of the United States, and ot vol-
unteers and militia in the service of the United States, shall
be three dollars pei month in addition to the pay and allow-
ance now authorized bylaw; and that each officer, non-
commissioned officer, private, and musician, of the volun-
teer force which has been, or shall be, called and received
into the service of the United States, under laws passed at
the present session of Congiess,and eachnon-eoinmissioned
officer, private, and musician, in the regular army of the
United States, who wa=? enlisted in the seivice of the United
States on the 7th day of Mav !a?t, or who shall enlist in such
service during the present war with Mexico, and the chil-
dren or next of km of such as have fallen since the 7th day
of May la««t, or shall hereafter, during said war, fall in bat-
die or die in actual service, -shall be entitled to receive of the
United States one quarter section of land, to be laid off and
assigned under the diietiion of the Pi evident of the United
States; such officer, private, or musician, having served the
full term for which he was commissioned, enrolled, or en-
listed, unless sooner honoiably dischaigcd."
Mr. STEWART offered the following amend-
ment; which was voted out of order:
"That the pay of members of Congress, after any session
shall have continued six months, shall be six dollars; after
seven months four dollars; and after eight months two dol-
lars per day."
The committee then rose and reported the bill to
the House without amendment.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON demanded the previous
question, which was seconded; and the main ques-
tion (on ordering the bill to a third reading1) was
ordered; and, being taken, the bill was read a third
time.
And the question then being "Shall this bill
pass?"
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered; and,
being taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Arnold, A«hmun, Bar-
rmger, Bedinger, Bell, Benton, Biggs, James Black, James
A. Black, Blanchard, Bowhn, Boyd, Biodhead, Milton
13)own, William G. Brown, Buffington, Burt, William W.
Campbell, Cathcart, John G. Chapman, Reuben Chapman,
Cha-e, Chipman, Chuke, Cobb, Cocke, Collin, Crozier,
Cullom, Cummins, Cunningham, Daniel, Dai gan. Garrett
D.ivis I)e Mott, Dillingham, Dixmi, Dobbin, Poekery,
Doughi***, Diomgoolc, DunJup, KiisalJ, EiKwoith, Eidman,
John II. Ewing, Ed wm II. Ewiiig, Fat an, Fiekliii, Foot,
Foster, Fries, Garvin, Gentry, Giles, Goodyear, Gordon,
Graham, Grider, Grover, Hamlin, Hampton, Haralson, Har-
per, Ililliard, Hoge, Elias B. Holmes, Hough, John W.
Houston,Geojge S. Houston, Edmund W. Hubard, Hunger-
ford, James B. Hunt, Hunter, Charles J. Ingersoll, Joseph
R. Ingersoll,Joseph Jolinson, Anchew Johnson, George W.
Jones, Kaufman, Preston King, Thomas Butler King, Law-
rence, Lcib, La Sere, Lewis, Ligon, Long, Lumpkin, Mac-
lay, McCIean, McClelland, McClernartd, McConnell, Mc-
Ciate, Joseph J. McDowell, James McDowell, MoHenry,
McKay, Barkley Martin, Miller, Morris, Morse, Moseley,
Moulton, Niven, Norris, Owen, Parrish, Payne, Pettit,
Phelps, Pillsbury, Rath bun, Reid, Relfe, Ritter, Roberts,
Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Root, Hunk, Sawtelle,
Sawyer, Scammon, Seaman, Seddon, Alexander D. Sims,
LconaidH. Sims. Simpson, Truman Smith, Thomas Smith,
Caleb B. Smith, Stanton,Starkweather, Stephens, Stewart,
St. John, Strohm, Strong, Thibodeaux, Thomasson, James
Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Thurman, Tibbatts, Tred-
wtv, Trumbo, Wentwoith, Whcnton, White, Wick, Wil-
liams, Wilmot, Woodruff, Woodward, Wright, Young, and
Yost—159. ^
NAYS—Messis. John Quincy Adams,Cranston, Culver,
and Daniel P. King—4.
So the bill was passed.
THE ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
The House proceeded to the consideration of
the joint resolution from the Senate, fixing Mon-
day,' the 10th day of August, as the day for the
final adjournment of Congress.
The question being on concurring therein,
Mr. BOYD demanded the previous question.
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved that the joint reso-
lution be laid on the table.
The yeas and nays were asked and refused.
The question was then token, and the House
decidcd that the resolution should not be laid on
the table.
Whereupon the previous question was second-
ed. The main question was ordered, and, being
taken, the joint resolution was concurred in.
Mr. McCLELLAND moved a reconsideration
of the vote, and demanded the previous question.
There was a second. The main question was
ordered, and, being taken, the vote was not recon-
sidered .
