1108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
So it is decided that Congress shall finally ad-
journ on Monday, the 10th day of August,
further additional appropriations.
The House again resolved itself into- the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
|Mf. "Wentwortii, of Illinois, in the chair,) and
proceeded to the consideration of the bill this day
reported by Mr, McKay, from the Committee of
ways and Means, making further additional ap-
propriations for the pay of members of Congress,
and for certain objects of expenditure in the Indian
Department, connected with the delegations of the
various tribes from Mexico and Texas, now at the
scat of Government.
The bill having been read—
Mr. CROZIER moved an amendment providing
for the payment of the Tennessee volunteers who
entered the service of the [Tinted States in lb'36,
and were indefinitely furloughed by General John
E. Wool, such sum as may be ascertained to be
due them, at the rate of forty cents per diem for
then* horses and twelve-and-a-half cents per diem
for forage, to cacli volunteer during the existence
of said fuilough.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
order.
Mr. CROZIER appealed.
And the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. COBB moved to amend the bill by striking
out that ckiusc which relates to the pay and mile-
age of members, with a view to having it inseitcd
hereafter in the civil and diplomatic bill, when it
should come back from the Senate. He thought
the deferring the appropriation for the present
would operate as a spur, and excite members to a
more vigorous prosecution of the public business.
Mr. STEWART proposed to amend the bill as
follows:
" That, afirr any session of Concuss shall have continued
srv months the pay of the member sJuiH bo redtied to mx
dollars j after ^<_ven mon'ly, four dollais; and aficr eight
months, two uollais per day."
The amendment was opposed as being out of
order.
Mr. PROMGOOLE insisted that it was in order,
this being an omnium gatherum bill, in which ob-
jects the most various and heterogeneous might
without impropriety be inserted. The bill had
already in it members of Congress ,ai?d. Indians,
and he had a desire to add an item to cover a claim
of the State of "Virginia.
The amendment of Mr. Stexvart was ruled to
be not in order.
Mr. McKAY spoke in opposition to the amend-
ment proposed by Mr, Cobb, which was rejected.
Mr. McKAY then proposed to amend the bill
by striking out the sum of ^i(j(),()G0, provided to
meet the pay and mileage of members, and to in-
crease it to 76,548. This increase was called for
because the bill had been drawn on the hypothesis
that Congress would adjourn on the 3d of August.
The two Houses having now agreed to extend the
session to the 10th, instead of the 3d, the difference
was necessary to cover another week's expenses.
The question being taken, this amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. McKAY explained the next item of §13,000
as intended to comply with the provisions of an
Indian ticaty which had been concluded since the
Indian appropriation bill had passed the House.
The next item of §61,900 was to cover the ex-
panses of commissioners who had been appointed
to negotiate a treaty with the Cumanches, Pawnees,
and other wild tribes of Indians on our southwest-
ern frontier. Mr. McK. went into some details
setting forth the reasons why these expenses hod
so largely exceeded the sum at first anticipated,
($15,000.). It was thought expedient by the com-
missioners that a deputation of the Indians from
these wild and distant tribes should have an op-
portunity of passing through our country and visit-
ing some of our great cities, forts, arsenals, and
dockyards, in order that they might form a more
adequate idea of the power and resources of the
American people, for the commissioners had dis-
covered that many of them were actuated by a per-
suasion that we were not as numerous as them-
selves. It was deemed very important to enlighten
aS t0 ^ie strerit?t^ ^ie country, as one of
the best means of restraining them from commit-
ting depredations on our citizens.
Mr. BURT interposed to inquire whether the
Indians now here had been brought to the seat of
Government by order of the department or by
order of the commissioners.
Mr. McKAY replied that their coming had riot
been known to the department, but was solely the
act of the commissioners. He had sent for the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and had made
many inquiries of him in relation to the whole con-
duct of the commissioners in the discharge of their
duty. They consisted of Mr. Lewis and Mr.
Butler. Mr. Lewis was on the spot, but Colonel
Butler had been detained by indisposition, though
it was hoped and expected he would soon arrive.
No full explanations could be given until he came.
Meanwhile it was very important that provision
should be made for enabling this Indian deputation
to return to their homes. They were growing
restless and very uneasy. Mr. McK. was far from
approving the course of the commissioners in in-
volving the Government so far beyond what was
expected, but their instructions had necessarily
conferred on them a very broad discretion, which
it was impossible accurately to limit. They had
been empowered to draw upon the Government
here, and had used that power very freely. Mr.
McK. hoped there would be no delay in passing
the bill, as the peace of the frontier might be geatly
endangered should these Indians longer be de-
tained. It contained a provision limiting the pay
of the commissioners, but necessarily provided for
meeting the drafts which they had been authorized
to make.
Mr. THURMAN considered these whole pro-
ceedings as very extraordinary and wholly irregu
lar. The course pursued by the commissioners
was strange and unheard-of. Congress had ap-
propriated fifteen thousand dollars for conducting
the negotiation and making a treaty, and these two
men had thereupon involved the Government to
the extent of sixty-one thousand dollars. Their
drafts, he believed, had not been accepted.
Mr. McKAY was understood to state that the
drafts had been protested for the want of vouchers
to support them.
Mr. THURMAN" admitted the force of the re-
mark made by the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means; and ho was desirous of appro-
priating the money necessary to send these men
back, but was embarrassed by the difficulty that,
in voting for the bill, he' should have'to sanction
the irregular and very reprehensible course pursued
by the commissioners. Such, however, was the
confidence he reposed in the Committee of Ways
and Means, and sogicat his peisonal respect for
its able chairman, that if that gentleman said that
the money must be paid, he should, though with
reluctance, forego his objections to the bill. Could
not the amount of these expenses be reduced?
Ought not the items to be looked into and properly
audited.
Mr. McKAY said he'hoped the gentleman did
not "suppose that when the Committee of Ways
and Means recommended the appropriation of the
money contained in the bill for this item of Indian
expenditure, they meant that the accounts of the
commissioners were to be paid without first having
been regularly audited. The committee had no
such idea. They would all be submitted to the
most rigid scrutiny, and a portion of them might,
in consequence, be rejected.
Mr. THURMAN said that was all very true,
but in that case the payment would be passed
upon by an executive officer and not by Congress.
If this was a new appropriation, and it were now
proposed to appropriate eighty thousand dollars
for the expense of two commissioners in negotia-
ting a treaty with the Camanches and other wild
Indians 'of the Southwest, did any man believe
that such an appropriation could get twenty votes
in that House? And if the House would have
refused to appropriate the sum beforehand, ought
they to appiopriate it now, merely because these
commissioners have gone into an unauthorized
expenditure of public money? He thought the
principle highly dangerous. He had no objection
to the adoption of the most liberal policy in our
tieatrnent of these savage men. He did not object
to making them handsome presents. He knew
they were accustomed to receive them, and that
nothing could be done in the way of treaty with-
out them; but still the question recurred, Ought
Congress to sanction such a proceeding? He
thought it outrageous, and would move to amend
the bill by striking out sixty-one thousand dollars
and inserting thirty thousand.
Mr. BROMGOOLE insisted that the rules of
order required that the first item in the bill should
be first considered; and, as Congressmen went
before Indians m the bill, he thought it out of
order to offer amendments to the latter part of the
bill till the former had been disposed of.
The CHAIR ruled Mr. THURMAN'S amend-
ment to be not vet in order.
Mr. HARALSON wished to understand the
items in this bill before he was called to act upon
them*, and for that purpose, he desired to have them
before him; and, as the bill was not yet printed, he
moved that it be laid aside for the present, and that
the committee proceed to consider bill No. 41&.
Mr* ASHMUN moved that the committee rise,
but the motion was negatived; and the question
being put on the motion of Mr- HARALSON to
lay the bill aside, it was decided in the negative.
Mr. PRESTON KING demanded a division.
The CHAIR pronounced it to be too late,
Mr, KING took an appeal, and the residue of
the sitting was occupicd in a succession of motions
to rise, divisions, decisions of the Chair, and re-
peated appeals, creating, altogether, a scene of
confusion and merriment such as has seldom been
witnessed in the Hall, A motion to rise finally
prevailed, and the committee thereupon rose and
reported progress, when the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, July 17, 1846.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives announcing that said House had
passed sundry private bills. Also, that the Presi-
dent of the United States had notified said House
that he had signed and approved the joint resolu-
tion of thanks to General Taylor, his officers, and
men. Also, the bill to refund to the States and
volunteers the expenses incurred by them in fitting1
out the volunteers raised under orders by Generals
Gaines and Taylor. Also, the bill to establish
the collection district of Chicago.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES'.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was yeyterday referred a report
from the Secretary of War in relation to appro-
priations by Congress for the removal of obstruc-
tions to the navigation of rivers of the United
States, reported it back, with a recommendation
that it be referred to the Committee on Printing;
which reference was ordered.
Mr, WESTCOTT, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the House bill
for the relief of Abraham Horback, reported it
without amendment.
Mr, BENTON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a bill providing for the erec-
tion and completion of certain defences on the gulf
coast of Florida; which was read and passed to a
second reading.
HOUR OF MEETING.
The Senate considered the following resolution,
submitted yesterday by Mr. Lewis:
Resolved, That until otherwise ordered, the hour
of meeting of the Senate shall be ten o'clock, a. m.
Mr. HAYWOOD moved an amendment to the
resolution, by the addition of the words " except
on Saturday-," which amendment was agreed to:
ayes 31, noes 12.
The question recurring on the adoption of the
resolution, the yeas and nays were demanded and
ordered.
After a conversation between Senators ARCHER,
SEVIER, JOHNSON of Louisiana, CALHOUN,
and J. M. CLAYTON, the yeas and nays were
taken, and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Bag-
by, Bieese, Bright, Calhoun, Caks, Chalmers, CilJey, Dick-
inson, Drx, Fairfield. Hanm gnn, Haywood, Houston. John-
son of Maiyland, Lewi*, Nilrs, Pcnnybacker, Kusk, Semple,
Sevier, £pci«iht, Turney, and Yulee—-27.
NAYS—Meters. AtcWr. Burrow, Benton, Berrien, Cam-
eron, John M. Clayton, Thomas Clayton, Corwin, Critten-
den, Da> ton, Evan^. Greene. Huntington, Jaruajjinj Johnson
of Louisiana, Man<?um. Miller, Moiehead, Pearce, Phelps,
Sturgeon, Upham, Webster, and Westcott—24,
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. ALLEN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That immediately after the pending
| special order shall have been disposed of, the bill
! to provide for the better organization of the treas-
ury, and for the collection, safe-keeping, transfer,
