1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1109
and disbursement, of the public revenue, shall be
the special order at twelve o'clock from day to day
until disposed of.
ISSUE OF TREASURY NOTES.
Mr. LEWIS moved that the prior orders be
postponed, and that the-Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of the (House) bill to authorize the issue
of treasury notes and a loan-, which motion was
agreed to.
The bill was accordingly taken up, and consid-
ered as in committee of the whole; when
Mr. EVANS rose and said that when herequest-
«d a postponement of the consideration of this
bill yesterday, it was his intention to examine its
details carefully, to see whether it was conformable
to existing laws, and whether it was guarded in
the manner usual to bills of this description. He
regretted that ho had not yet had it in his power
to do so; he had not even been able to read the
bill, but he did not rise to oppose its passage. He
did not intend to opposo it in any way; on the
contrary, ho was in favor of its passage, unless
some evils were pointed out in the details of the
bill which requirod amendment. He was in favor
of its speedy passage. He thought it had already
been delayed too long, and he regretted that those
who had charge of the measure had permitted it to
be delayed until the treasury was in a state of so
great exigency that they were called 011 to pass the
bill with the utmost expedition, in order to relieve
tbo Government from embarrassment in its finan-
cial operations. Tins used lo be the mode of pro-
ceeding, it was true. Ho recollected that in the
years 18:55-'38- '39, when a war was being carried
tin—not so large a war as the one they were now
engaged in, however—there was a deficiency of
revenue, and treasury notes were resorted to; but
not until they were obliged to adopt someoxpedient
fur supplying the pressing wants of the Govern-
ment; and so it appeared to be now. The measure,
was delayed until they could delay it no longer;
and then if the absent of Senators was withheld
from the proposed measure, they were charged
with obstructing the operations of the (Government
in a time of war. He had hoped that this prac-
tice would be discontinued, anil that those whose
business it was to take care that the treasury should
not be subjected to any straits or embarrassment,
would look far enough ahead, and biing forward
their measures at so early a period that they might
be at least examined before they were adopted.
He hoped that this would be the ease hereafter.
Honorable Senators on the other side would recol-
lect that ho had urged it upon the Committee of
Finance more than a month ago to bring forward
this measure. It certainly would have relieved the
money market very much, and greatly facilitated
She operations of the Government. For, ulthough
the Government had money enough, yet it could
not easily be drawn out of its depositories and
transmitted to distant places without very great
inconvenience; and everybody must see that it
would bo better to lmvc prepared for this emergen-
cy at an earlier day. lie was not one of those
who entertained any constitutional doubts as to the
power of the Goneral Government to issue treas-
ury notes; lie had advocated their issue against
his associates in the other House, when it was
found impracticable to procure duties sufficient for
revenue; but he could not help feeling that thoy
were aggrieved in having this measure delayed
until the last moment, when there was no oppor-
tunity for preparing such a measure as they might
deem the most desirable under the circumstances.
But he was in favor of the passage of this bill be-
cause it was required immediately, and because lie
believed that the issue of treasury notes was prefer-
able to contracting a loan, which would have tbo
effect of drawing away capital to the extent of such
loan from general circulation, whereas treasury
notes added to the circulation, and were a perfectly
good and safe currency, unless a greater amount
were issued than they could keep in circulation.
He would support this bill, therefore—trusting,
however, that the full amount of ten millions would
not be issued, but that the amount would be di-
vided between the issue of notes and a loan.
But he could not refrain from observing that a
strange spectacle was here presented. They found
themselves under an imperious necessity to-day to
pass this bill, because the treasury was in difficulty;
thoy found themselves obliged to go on and pass
this bill, and issue ten millions of dollars in treas-
ury notes, or borrow money to that amount, at the
very instant when they were proposing to give
away eight or nine millions of dollars of revenue.
He had always supposed, that whenever the Gov-
ernment contracted a debt in any form, they were
bound to provide for the redemption of that debt,
if possible, at the time of contracting it. These
notes were to bo redeemed within a year, and he
desired to be informed by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Financc how he expected that they were
to be taken up? What provision was to be made
to meet this debt at the. time it became due ? That
time would come; and if they were not prepared
to redeem their notes, they would be paid into the
custom-houses, and the revenue would, to that ox-
tent, be diminished. What provision was intended
to be made? Uc had heard of none. On the con-
trary, instead of keeping themselves in a condition
to meet the payment of that debt, they were weak-
ening their ability to meet it. They were contract-
ing a debt, anil at the same time diminishing their
ability to pay. And yet they expected to borrow
saying that he believed the Secretary had endeav-
ored to reach the truth, and that he had a perfect
conviction of the justness of his views and the
soundness of the conclusions at which he had
arrived", but he must be permitted to point out cer-
tain errors or misapprehensions in this amended
estimate of the Secretary, which were apparent
at the very first view. no.*
Mr. SEVIER, called the honorable Senator to
order. It <vas altogether irrelevant to discuss the
subject of the tariff, the Senate having under its
1 consideration the bill relating to treasury notes and
i loans.
I Mr. EVANS said he was not discussing the
i tariff. He was showing that the means of the
• Government would not l>e sufficient to meet the
; payment of those treasury notes; that was what
! he was about to do; and he must be permitted to
i point out what seemed to him a most extraordi-
1 nary fallacy (and he was surprised beyond measure
i that it hud occurred) into which the Secretary had
they expected to borrow | fallen. He was quite cerUun that it must be en-
money on easy terms. He had supposed that his ,i tirely unintentional, because it was J1'"" ^
friends over the way entertained a horror against h palpable that it nevci could ha\e been desi0neu
debt, and that nothing but the most extreme neces- >; mislead anybody. „v*mmntion of the
sity would compel them to contract one. lint here Mr. >. lierc entered into*mexam n at on o t he
they were incurring a debt, while they were going „ calculations and f *1 0:'\7'
Oil augmenting their expenditures, mid at the same ,■ mg a \ei y large disc j y
time abandoning a certain source of revenue, in- , "«ived at by the
stead of augmenting their means, lie must say |i alums made by himself founded upon the same
that he never before saw or heard of so extraordt- 1 "iWlS.J , «. . , r? \ ',o <n luMhornn-
narv a proceeding. 1 low would they manure when i[ Ihis, then, (continued Mr. E.) -
uuyi\\ni ^  ,iw,™ ill* iwmsm-v according to their own
. dition of the. "treasury according to
1 showing. How, then, was the payment of these
treasury notes to be provided for? But he wanted
, to say <i word or two more as to the mannei in
: which those tables hud been made up. The ob-
biil
the'notes became due ? Were they to be reissued ?
If not, the Government eould not be carried on lor
three months. This was the condition of thm^s
in 1837. The Secretary of the Treasury came to
them, and in wteous tones asked lor relief from the i « *••-«       a ,* ii,;.,
embarrassment under «lii< h the Treasury labored J j«'t of the Secretary was, to S low^ •
He told them would yield as much revenue, as the Dill uiai was
and that there I, to be repealed; and lie got at this by saying that
they must allow eight and one-sixth per cent, (or
the increase of population from the 30th of JanCj
lf<-15, to the 30th of November, 1847. But sup-
pose. the present tariff law were not repealed,
would there not be the same increase? Give us
(mud Mr. E.) an increase of eight anil one-sixth per
cent, with our present bill, and we will keep two or
three millions ahead. And, what is somewhat
by the, issue of treasury notes.
it was but anticipating the revema
would be abundant means for the payment of
those. notes when they became due; but, instead ol |
this being the ease, the notes were returned into I!
the custom houses, and be was forced to come il
again to Congress, and to confess that his scheme ,
did not work,'ami that he was still out of money.
Congress I'ave liini the pmvri lo leissue the m>trs, |
alul tin,; pi .a'tn e bad been kept up i \ * r since. Sup-
pose it had been refused, u ould no! the whole coun-
try have rung with denunciations against Congress
for refusing to provide that expedient? He put it
to the gentleman to nay how otherwise they were
to do ? Thoy might abandon their revenue it they
pleased, and borrow money to replace it; but he
could tell them that they would never pay a dollar
of it; never redeem their credit, nor restoic the
treasury to a fltmiishing state, until they restored j
the duties which they were abandoning. They ,
might prostrate tbo financial affairs of the country, |
and leave it to others lo restore them, as had been I
done before; it. would not be. the first time that tlic j
task of restoring prosperity and replenishing the ; w
treasury had devolved upon the Whig party, who 11
generally remained in power long enough to eth-ct
this, and were then displaced by their opponents,
who took great credit to themselves foi skilful man-
agement. 1 li- bad not intended to touch at all upon j
these matters when he rose. 1 le had thought, nay, j
he had almost vowed, he would notagain speak of j
the financial affairs of the country. He would
have, been glad, nevertheless, lo have had time to i
examine the estimates of the Secretary ol
extraordinary, too, the Secretary, in his estimate,
makes all goods that come ir.to the country by
reason of this increase dutiable.
Again I ask, how will you meet the payment
of your treasury notes ? You never will by the
policy which you are pui suing. I have stud,
however, that the wants of the treasury are very
great; and, therefore, 1 think that this bill ought
in pass. But, sir, I do not think that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury bus given us the most favor-
able estimate for himself; and if I can help him
out a little, and make things look a little hotter, I
feel bound to do it. In the report of the Secretary
which was communicated to Congress by the Pres-
ident on the IGtli of June, he goes into an exam-
ination of the condition of the treasury.
[iMr. K. here proceeded to show that an under-
estimate of the available funds in the. treasury
hud been made, amounting to several millions of
dollars.]
Hut, notwithstanding all this, (he said,) in view
of the present extraordinary expenditures of the
Government, even if they passed this bill for the
issue ol" treasury notes, there would be an abso-
Treasury. He perceived that thev were, published j hue necessity ioi an extra session to pass ano ei
in this morning's " Union,"'and that the Secretary !'• similar bill, or else it would have to be the f st
states that h.J estimate is " ihe rcsull of many j| thing (if deferred) at the next session of Con-
: rmln ,au:^;f" iZ^lf'caJh'ard^^lhc "'lie had felt bound to trespass upon the time of
' respective rates of duty, under every tariff from f the Senate in order to make these explanations,
i < he Oi^uhm of the Government to the present and to warn gentlemen on the other side of the
< period" and that, in addition to the information ! rocks upon wTuch they were about to suffei sliip-
' CnW.ed by these tables, the department has |l wreck. The treasury must unavoidably be grcat-
' deemed it a Ilnty, from an anxious solicitude to !, ly embarrassed, and he hoped, theiefoie, that they
cteuueu i y, . .. would devise early and prompt measures to avert
1 deemed it a duty,
' arrive at corrcct results in a matter so vitally al-;
' feeling the revenue of the Government and all the i
1 great interests of the country, to confer w ith gen-1
' tlemen of skill and experience, not only in the ,
' Treasury, but also with others residing in the ,
' great mercantile cities of the Union, whose pres-:
' encc could be obtained without unnecessary de-
< Jay."
He had no doubt that the Secretary had been
most laboriously, most assiduously employed in
this matter for a long time; and he was entitled to
great credit therefor. He took great pleasure in
that embarrassment.
Mr. DENTON then rose and said:
I have some objections to'this bill—some to a
provision in the bill itself—some to the policy of
resorting so early to an issue of Government
paper. My objection to the bill is in the authority
i which it confers to reissue the ten millions of
| treasury notes authorized to be issued. The reis-
i sue is a departure from the act of 1837, and is, in
i my opinion, unjustifiable in itself. The act of
• 1837 authorizes ten millions of notes to be issued,
