1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1113
to regard it as a most extraordinary circumstance
that the telegraphic information which we have of
the last words of the British Minister upon his
defeat in the House of Commons had reference to
the probabilities of American legislation. I could
name men upon this floor, sir, from whom such an
announcement would not have taken me by sur-
prise. But when I come to consider the deep soli-
citude which, in the preceding part of this session,
and pending another great public measure, the arri-
val of British steamers was looked for—and looked
for by the Senator from Massachusetts himself—
I confess that I am a little amazed that the same
manner of arrival from the same country should
now startle him so much. Sir, we had the Oregon
question, which involved the division of a part of
this great republic with Great Britain; and pend-
ing that great question we were commanded from
day to day to hold our breath until the British
steamer announced the will and behests of Old
England in the matter. We were desired to look
to the arrival of British steamers, because it was
supposed that the intelligence which they would
bring from England would have a direct bearing
on the event of peace or war between the two
countries; and because it was necessary that we
should know what they were about in England,
for fear that, jn the absence of that knowledge,
we might involve the country m a war, and break
the concord that existed between the two nations.
But now it seems that all of that ardent sympathy
\Vhicli superinduced such an overwrought desire
to maintain a good understanding with Great Brit-
ain is surrendered. We were told that in the
event of war between the two countries, we would
not only disturb the peace of the world, but inter-
rupt that harmonious intercourse between the two
countries which contributed so materially to their
mutual advantage. But now, on another subject,
the arrival of a British steamer, bringing with it
the announcement of the expectations of the Brit-
ish Government, is given as a reason why the
course of American legislation should be arrested,
because it may, perchance, prejudice the harmo-
nizing free trade which was announced to us a few
months ago as being so essential to the prosperity
of the people of the country. I was never in love
with British steamers, and never legislated by their
arrival or departure. And I do not rise now for
the purpose of saying that the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts is wrong in the intimation that we
should not shape our legislation to suit the views
and' wishes of the British Cabinet. X do not say-
that he is,wrong. I rise only,for the purpose of"
marking the fact, -that but a few months ago the
Senator was in the habit of announcing the arrival
of British-steamers from "a very opposite motive.
Then we had a question about territorial boundary
pending. Then we must pause to learn what in-
telligence British steamers would bring, until some
of the newspapers said we had better have our
sessions on board the steamers, so that we could
more promptly shape our legislation according to
the shifting® of British opinion. Sir, I believe
that in this matter, as in the other case, wc ought
to act utterly irrespective of the legislation of
Great Britain—tlmt we ought to act only in refer-
once to the general good of the great body of the
Aoicrican people, taking no heed of what may be
said or done on the olher side of the water, but
acting uniformly in that spirit of independence in
which our fathers acted when they declared their
independence.
Mr. WEBSTER. Mr. President, I 
Mr. BAGBY. I desire to know what is the
question ?
The PRESIDENT. It is a motion to print a
memorial presented by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, for the use of the Senate.
Mr. BAGBY. Is that debatable?
Mr. WEBSTER. Certainly, sir. I was about
to remark, Mr. President, when I was interrupted,
that, as far as I can understand the observations of
the honorable member from Ohio, I must say that
they do not appear to be marked by that singular-
ly strong logical deduction which generally char-
acterizes his arguments. The gentleman'seems to
suppose that it is important—or that I deemed it
important by what means news of some magnitude
or importance is brought to us from England—
whether it comes by steam, or whether it is tele-
graphed from Boston. I should imagine that the
gentleman would hardly suppose that its being
despatched by telegraph was anything more than
stating the rapidity with which it was conveyed to
us; and that the important thing was that, in the
judgment of that distinguished man, the late first
minister in England, the eyes of England are all
turned at the present moment.to the proceedings of
Congress upon this tariff subject. Well, if that
be so, it is because the people of England have
an interest in that question. Now, sir, the honor-
able member thinks that I received news respect-
ing the Oregon matter by the steamer with a very
different feeling. Undoubtedly I did. There was
then a national question pending between us and
England. England had one side of the question
and we had the other; and as my own anxiety
was for peace, I was of course desirous to know
by every arrival whether the progress of opinion
in England—the state of public opinion, and the
sentiments of the British Government, so far as
known—were such as we might expect a settle-
ment of the controversy upon terms favorable to
ourselves. That was an international matter. There
were two sides to it. We could not make a treaty
alone. I confess, therefore, that I awaited the
arrival of every steamer with anxiety, because I
wish for peace with England-—honorable peace-
permanent peace; because I anxiously looked
to the moment when that state of things should
exist between us and England that has not ex-
isted before since the " stamp act"—that is, a
state of peace, and with no cause of quarrel; for
from the time of passing the stamp act till the
15th of June last, we have never been without the
pendency of some cause of controversy with Eng-
land. I wished to see the last of these matters
settled. I had the gratification of seeing it settled.
I had the gratification of seeing the relations of the
two countries placed upon a permanent basis of
national friendship, peace, and harmonious inter-
course. Now, is there any analogy between that
case and my desire to know the feelings of the
British Government and the British people in re-
gard to this case, which is a question of domestic
policy, in which we are bound to consider exclu-
sively the interests of our own people, and in which
England has no right to interfere ?—for this is an
American question. I will only say that it docs
seem to me that if some politicians in this countiy
had had the opinions upon questions of American
policy as much quoted, commended, printed,' and
distributed, in England, as others of our public
men have had theirs quoted, printed, and distribu-
tedj I am of opinion that there would have been a
prejudice excited' against them by the general-voice
of the country as being in some sort submissive to
British interests, I don't mean to say it is so. I
don't think it is so. I do not impute any such
sentiments to any gentleman here or elsewhere;
but I say my honorable colleague the other day
proved that this question was one of preference to
be had between English labor and American labor,
between English employment and American em-
ployment. Well, then, I do say, that when in the
pendency of such, a question here within these
walls, there comes such news from England, and
a very contrary voice from Pennsylvania, and the
laboring people of this country, it is an extraor-
dinary conjuncture of circumstances; and I am
sure the honorable member from Ohio will think
it is so. I repeat that I accuse nobody—far from
it—of having any disposition to postpone the best
interest of our own country to the interest of any
other country under heaven. But I must speak
of measures according to their character and ten-
dency; and iu questions between us and our great
manufacturing rivals we cannot shut our eyes and
ears to what we see and hear of the opinions of
these rivals. I do not wish to pursue these obser-
vations, which are somewhat irregular. Another
more fitting opportunity will occur.
Mr. SPEIGHT then moved that the further
consideration of the subject be postponed until
to-morrow, in order to resume the consideration
of the treasury note bill.
The PRESIDENT said that the question pend-
ing was upon the printing the document.
Mr. SEVIER wished to give it the same direc-
tion which the petition presented the other day by
the gentleman from Massachusetts had received.
Mr. WEBSTER. Certainly.
The motion to print was then referred to the
gommittee on Printing.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. LEWIS, from the Committee on Finance,
reported back, without amendment, the (House)
" bill making appropriations for the support of
volunteers and other troops authorized to be em-
ployed in the prosecution of the war with Mexico,
during the year ending the 30th of June, 1847,"
and moved that the Senate proceed to its consid-
eration immediately; which motion was agreed to.
The bill therefore was considered as in commit-
tee of the whole.
Mr. JARNAGIN moved to amend the bill so
as to provide for the payment of the Tennessee
volunteers under General Wool, callcd out in
1836.
After some conversation, the amendment was
rejected, the bill was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to a third reading, and,
by unanimous consent, read a third time, and
passed.
Mr. WESTCOTT, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill to procure a marble bust
of John Rutledge, of South Carolina, late Chief
Justice of the United States.
Mr. EYANS, from the Committee on Finance,
reported back, without amendment, the (House)
bill for the relief of Richard Hargrave Lee.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, reported back, without amend-
ment, the (House) bill for the relief of Amos
Hunting.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported "A bill to direct the sale of cer-
tain lands in the State of Arkansas;" which was
read, and passed to the second reading.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported, without amendment, the
House bills
For the relief of the heirs of Thomas Kelly;
For the lelicf of Solomon Russell;
For the lelief of Eh Merrill;
For the relief of James Journey; and
For the relief of Jose Carxillo.
Mr. Y. also asked that said committee be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the peti-
tions of Isabella Street, James B. Davenport, the
heirs of Nicholas Barrow, Thomas Mullet, in be-
half of Francis Lebeau, and others, and J. W. Tay-
lor, and others; which request was agreed to.
[A message was leceivcd from the House of
Representatives announcing that said House had
passed sundry bills.]
Mr. FAIRFIELD, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Michael
Hapsen, accompanied by a report; which was or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, submitted an adverse report upon the peti-
tion of Benjamin L. Lucas.
[A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States.]
SALE OF MINERAL LANDS.
Mr. CASS rose and said that he had been pre-
vented during the present week, by the pendency
of other business, from calling up for action, the
bill authorizing the sale of the mineral lands, in
accordance with a notice heretofore given by him,
and expressed the hope that the Senate would, on
next Monday, after the transaction of the morning
business, he ready to take up the bill referred to.
THE INDEPENDENT TREASURY.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr. Allen, came up for consideration:
Resolved, That immediately after the pending
special order shall have been disposed of, the bill to
provide for the better organization of the Treasury,
and for the collection, safe-keeping, transfer, and
disbursement of the public revenue, shall be the
special order at twelve o'clock from day to day un-
til disposed of.
Mr. WEBSTER observed that he had no choice
as to preference of business, but he hoped that the
resolution would be modified by the Senator from
Ohio so as to constitute a notice merely. He
(Mr. W.) knew of no precedent for such a resolu-
tion.
Mr. LEWIS observed thatimmediately after the
treasury note bill shall be disposed of, he designed
to call up the independent treasury bill each day
immediately after the morning business had been
disposed of.
Mr. ALLEN said that if such was the intention
of the chairman of the Committee on Finance, he
did not desire the adoption of the resolution.
