1114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
A motion to lay the resolution on the tabic was
then made and agreed to.
ISSUE OF TREASURY NOTES.
On motion of Mr. LEWIS, the Senate resumed
the consideration of the bill authorizing- the issue of
tieasury notes and a loan. The question pending
being upon the amendment submitted by Mr. Ben-
ton, striking out the following clause in the first
section of the hill, vjz: {< and in place of such of the
same as may be redeemed, to cause others to be
issued."
Mr. NILES expressed his concurrence gen-
erally with the sentiments which had fallen from
the Senator from Missouri, when the bill was
before the Senate yesteiday. But it struck him
that ifthe^c tieasury notes were not to be re-issued,
there wus some danger that they would all be paid
into the treasury shortly after they were issued,
so that the benefits resulting from them would be
only partial and temporary. No greater amount
than the ten millions could, in any event, be issued.
) t was very important that the bill should be passed
without delay, and as he had no desire to embar-
rass its progress, he would vote against the amend-
ment.
It was calculated that the expenses of the war
before the end of the year would be twenty-five
millions. To meet this, it was estimated by the
Secretary of the Treasury that six millions would
accrue from the reduction of the duties on imports;
and the graduation bill—if any bill under this name
should pass—was expected to produce about half
a million. Then there was this bill, authorizing
the issue of treasury notes, and a loan to the amount
of ten millions. How was the deficiency to be
supplied? As for the plan of raising additional
revenue by reducing the duties on imports, it was
a mere expe-nment. He had no faith in this cal-
culation. And suppose this experiment should
fad, as he behoved it would, there would be left at
the least ten millions unprovided for. He believed
that our financial aliairs were much disposed to get ;
into a very sad condition. We had had a little j
experience in the Florida war, and in the Black 1
I lawk war, which should teach us the necessity of
making adequate provision to carry on our opera-
tions. He would vote against the amendment.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON said, these treasury notes
would all be absorbed at the custom houses. They
are then to be re-issucd, and alter they shall have !
been ro-issu<'d, m what manner is it proposed to ;
redeem them ? There will be no funds m the treas- 1
my, and it can only be done by anticipating the |
icvcnue. The course of the Senator was consist- j
ent. But, he asked, how do other Senators on that j
side stand, who would put us in debt without pro- j
\iding the moans to pay, at the end of the year, !
when the notes will fall due? Ji must be evident ,
10 all that we shall be in this condition. No tax !
was pioposed for the purpose of redeeming these I
notes. !
It was a wise axiom of Mr. Jefferson: " Never
borrow money, without at the same time laying a
tax for the payment of the interest, as well as the
principal, as it becomes due." The Senator from !
Connecticut was willing to give the power to re-
issue these notes, but admits that there will be no
means to redeem them. He had 110 desire to em-
barrass the bill; but ho would put it to gentlemen,
if it was not in accordance with their own party
principles, to provide a tax for the payment of
these notes. No intimation had been given of any
intention to impose a tax for this purpose. And
what will be the consequence ? We shall be going
on multiplying debt; and if the war should be of
long duration, this ten millions will be increased
ten-fold. lie called on gentlemen to say how they
proposed to pay these debts; whether by submit-
ting at the next session a scheme of taxation, or
by authorizing a loan, or by a new issue of treas-
ury notes? He should vote for the amendment,
because the people will in this way be made better
to understand the true situation of their affairs.
Mr. EVANS did not concur with the Senator
from Delaware m his views,and would vote against
tin; amendment. Gentlemen seemed to be under
the impression that the debt might be increased, by
these re-issues beyond the ten millions. This was
an erroneous view. Not any re-issues could have
the effect of increasing the debt; and if the notes
are not re-issued they will come in in sixty or
ninety days, and the Treasury will be embarrassed.
Experience lias established this fact. If the notes
are not to be re-issued, not a single note will be
issued by the Secretary. He will resort to a loan
as the best mode; and he (Mr. Evans) was op-
posed to a loan, because it would draw eight or
nine millions of gold and silver from the commer-
cial cities of the North to transport for expenditure
in the South. The effect of this would be to lessen
the amount of duties, to embarrass the revenue, and
cripple the banks. Under such circumstances, on
what terms do gentlemen think a loan can be ne-
gotiated5
Mr. MILLER was opposed to the bill. Under
a well-regulated system of finance he' would not
object to an issue of treasury notes. But it is
now proposed to issue these notes without any
provision to meet them when they fall due. This,
however, may be got over at the next session.
But it is proposed to rcduc.e the revenue ten mil-
lions, by the reduction of the tariff, and, at the
same time, to borrow ten millions. This will
make us worse off by twenty millions at the end of
the year than we are now. What would be thought
of an individual who would go into the market
with his note for ten millions in one hand, and in
the other a statement that his income was rcduced
ton millions, while his expenses were increasing?
He objected to the introduction of these measures,
which were connected with the monstrous free-
trade system which her necessities had forced Great
Britain to adopt, and at which even the unterrificd
Democracy of Pennsylvania had become terrified.
The new tariff, he believed, would not produce a
revenue exceeding twenty millions, now that the
friends of the Administration had stricken out the
duties on tea and coffee. It was admitted by his
friend from New York [Mr. Dix] that the ware-
house bill was not likely to be productive of rev-
enue for the first year. As to the graduation bill,
its fate was at present very critical. He wished
some one would inform the Senate—some one
whose opinion would have influence on public sen-
timent—how long the war was likely to continue.
He thought it desirable also that the country should
be enlightened as to the real object for which it
was commenced.
Mr. CALHOUN, after a few remarks in ex-
planation and defence of the provisions of the bill,
and in opposition to the views of the Senator from
Missouri, in support of his amendment, said: I do
not wish it to be. understood that I have departed
in the slightest degree from the opinion I expressed
in the early part of the session, that the veiy first
step in preparation for war was to establish a good
system of finance. The only proper way of meet-
ing the expenses of a war is by taxation. That is
at once the least burdensome and the most honest
method. But there is another and stronger reason:
unless you resort to a good system of taxation,
your borrowing must be upon the most usurious
terms. If it shall turn out, when we meet here in
December next, that our expenditures have greatly
I overrun the income and the loan, even the most
S prompt action will not enable the Government to
1 borrow but at a "very high rate. The only possi-
j ble excuse, in my opinion, for not having organ-
I i7cd, at this session, an adequate system of taxa-
! tinn, are two: first, bccause wc have got into the
'• war suddenly and unexpectedly; and secondly, bc-
| cause the impression has pic\ailed that the war
i may be a very short one. I trust that the war may
I turn out to be a short one; for if it be not a short
! war, it will prove a most expensive war; and, in
; proportion to its expense, it will prove one of the
most onerous wars ever waged. The very fact,
; that the money has to be spent in another country,
, and upon the most distant frontier, will make a
! given amount of expenditure vastly more oppres-
'; sive than if the money were expended within our
1 borders; and the truth of this will be felt, should
the war unfortunately continue, which I hope it
!, will not. But really, Mr. President, I can offer 110
! excuse why duties have not been laid on coffee
1 and tea. It was so clearly right—it was so evi-
i' dently proper as a tax, even in peace—so pre'emi-
| nently proper in time of war—that, in my opinion,
, no apology for not imposing that tax can be of-
; fercd. The fact that wc have not resorted to it,
'! will be attributed to a motive, in my opinion, well
| calculated to shake the credit of the nation, should
loans be necessary. It will be supposed that we
■ are afraid to meet the moneyed responsibility of
war—the only great responsibility of a country at
, I war in modern times. There is no responsibility
!! in getting men—in getting volunteers. We have
the largest body of ardent, patriotic, enterprising
youth in the world, in proportion to our popula-
tion—anxious to rush into war—of which we have
had ample testimony. Thousands have flocked to
your standard who could not be-permitted to be-
come volunteers. The struggle was, not who
should remain, but who should go forth to defend
the country. The responsibility is, to meet the
expense; and I think no apology can be offered
for the neglect in providing means to meet that
expense by imposing a tax upon the two articles
which I have named. I make this declaration to
free myself from any responsibility on account of
that neglect. 1 do trust .that a bill will be intro-
duced before the end of the session, to impose this
duty. It is due to the country as well as to our-
selves.
Mr. WEBSTER expressed himself in opposi-
tion to the amendment, bccause it was calculated
to defeat the main object of the bill.
Mr. BENTON. While the debate has been
going on this morning, I have taken the trouble to
look over the acts passed during the late war with
Great Britain for the issue of treasury notes.
These acts were six in number, and they were the
first ever issued under the authority of this Gov-
ernment—so slow were the founders of this Govern-
ment to commence the business of- issuing paper.
I have lobked over the whole of these acts, and
not one of them contains a clause of re-is$uc; and
every one of them contains a clause which this
bill docs not—and that is, a provision for the pay-
ment of the notes. The last of the six acts autho-
rizes the funding of the notes; so that the whole of
the six acts first passed by Congress for the issue
of treasury notes differed from this bill, first, in
the great feature of not being re-issuable, and next,
in the provision which is made for the payment of
the notes. The act of 1837 followed the old acts;
but this departs from them all; and, in that respect,
is condemned by the wisdom of our ancestors.
The clause in the bill, as it now stands, is in these
words:
"That the Provident of the United States is hereby au-
thorized to cause treasury notes to be jf&ued for s-ueh snin
or pubis as the exigencies of the Government may require,
and in plAce of such of the same as may be redeemed to
cause others to he issued, bat not exceeding the bum of
$10,000,000 of this emission outstanding at any one time,
and-to be issued under the limitation* and other provisions
contained in the act entitled 'An act to authorize the isvue
of Treasury notes,5 approved the 12th of October, 1837,
except that the authority hereby given to issue treasury notes
shall expire at the end of one year from the passage of this
act."
The objectionable feature of this clause is in the
words which authorize other notes to be issued in
place of those redeemed. This is paying paper
with paper: it is banking. And why is "it now,
for the first time, put into a treasury note bill ?
Admitting that a clause of re-issue was subsequent-
ly added to the act of 1837, by a supplementary
act, yet that addition was so odious to the hard
money part of the Democracy that they refused to
vote for it. The loss of their votes, however, was
supplied, by the acquisition of others—by the ac-
quisition of all the votes of all the friends of bank-
ing, local and national. This bill, departing from
alf those of the late war, and also from the act
of 1837, authorizes a re-issue of notes; and in that
respcct makes an open and long step towards
national banking. To be sure, the word re-isme is
not in the clause, but it is the same thing. Other
notes are to be issued in place of the notes redeem-
ed; and thus paper is paid with paper. In that
we imitate the banks. But gentlemen console
themselves with the proviso that no more than ten
millions shall be out at any one time. That is no
limitation 011 the amount to be issued. The same
note may be issued, or, what is the same thing:,
another one from the same plate may be issued,
and that times over, without limitation; and every
time the substitute is issued, it creates a debt the
same as the original, which must be paid. The
bill professes to ask for ten millions; by this re-
issue, or substituted issue, the ten millions may be
issued many times over. With this clause in the
bill, no one can tell how much he is voting. I can-
not. No one can. If ten millions is not enough,
ask for more. Ask for ail that is wanted, and get
it openly and responsibly, and not covertly and irre-
sponsibly, as this re-issue clause will do it. We are
in the war, and we will go through with it; but let
us see what we do—let us see the amount which we
vote. This bill conceals from us the amount or
the supply which we vote to the treasury. On its
