1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1119
and who remained from home some eleven or
twelve months, enjoyed no such advantage; and
yet it was against these that the amendment refer-
red to was specially directed. If, however, the
gentleman from Maine thought the allowance for
mileage was too high, he had an easy remedy: let
liitn return to the treasury the balance that his
conscience objected to. Would the chairman of
the Committee of "Ways and Means risk the pas-
sage of the civil and diplomatic bill, and therein
the stoppage of all the wheels of Government, for
the sake of a petty contemptible saving of a few
hundred dollars of mileage? The Constitution
required that .the pay of members should be uni-
form; but this amendment drew an invidious
distinction among them, and violated the Constitu-
tion in spirit, if not in the letter. If the conscience
of the gentleman from Maine was troubled about
such a vast sum for mileage, let him give the money
to some charitable institution.
Mr. BOWL1N said this was the first opportu-
nity he had had to say a word about an amend-
ment he had proposed to the general hill, providing
for deducting the pay of members who absented
themselves from the discharge of their duties in
the House. He had a few stubborn facts on that
subject, which ought to go to the country.
Gentlemen here had voted almost by acclamation
to cut down the allowance of some twenty or thirty
members of the House, whose homes were remote
from the seat of Government; but they were utterly
unwilling to cut down their own allowance when
they were absent from their places in the House.
Mr. B. had presented to them an amendment
founded on the plainest justice—to clock the pay of
members for absenteeism; but no sooner had his
amendment been read and understood, than he hall
at once been put down by acclamation, and not
suffered so much as to open his moulh in its ex-
planation or vindication. He was ready to make
a compromise with gentlemen. If they would
take his amendment he would vote for theirs. If
they would dock their pay for absenteeism, he
would dock his mileage for (no fault, but) distance.
What could be more fair than that, when a mem-
ber was not in his place on that floor, he should
receive no pay ? If a gentleman could run home
and see ln.s family, or attend to bis business on the
circuit, why ought he at the same time to be re-
ceiving his pay for legislating in that Hall? He
would ask the gentleman from Maine, who was
now so zealous in favor of cutting down mileage,
whether he had not voted against Mr. B.'s amend-
ment to out down the pay of absentees ?
Mr. IIAMLIN said no, he had voted in its
favor. [A laugh.] . -
Mr. BRODHEAD asked if those members who
resided near the seat of Government had not been
quite as regular in their attendance here as gentle-
men whose homes were the most distant? Mr.
B. himself lived within twenty-four hours' ride of
his home, and had never visited it once during the
session.
Mr. BOWLIN said he did not know how it
might be in particular instances, but he believed
-the general fact was directly the reverse of what
tiie gentleman had mentioned.
Mr. GILES asked if the gentleman referred to
him ? He had been absent but one week during
the whole session.
Mr. BUllT rose to order, and insisted that the
whole discussion was inelevant to the bill. Grin-
tlenien were discussing an amendment to a bill
which is now in,the Senate.
The CHAIR ruled Mr. Bowi.ikt to be in order.
Mr. BOWLIN, resuming, said ho did not know
how it might be with the gentleman from Balti-
more, hut ho believed the Journal would show that
most members of the House who lived as Mr. B.
did beyond the mystical circle of seven hundred
and fifty miles, (specified in the amendment,) had
voted with him to cut down the pay of absentees,
while a large majority of those who resided within
that circle had helped to vote him down.
Now he considered that an amendment which
was directed to keeping the members in their
places, and which furnished an additional induce-
ment for attending to their legislative duties, was
ten thousand times more important to the public,
"ood than that which merely deducted a small sum
from the amount of mileage paid to men who tame
double and treble the distance of others to dis-
charge their public duty here. Absenteeism left
the legislation of Congress in the hands of a mi-
nority, and it was becoming so frequent as to con-
stitute a serious and alarming evil; yet an amend-
ment whose direct tendency was to diminish this
evil, and as far as it went, to put a stop to it, could
not even get a hearing, but was crushed by the ham-
mer of the previous question, without a word bein 
allowed in its defence; while another amendment,
which mulcted a man in his mileage because his
home was far distant, was received and carried by
acclamation. Mr. B. trusted in God that if this
mileage amendment must pass, gentlemen would
put both the amendments together, and either pass
both or reject both. He rather imagined that if his
own amendment should be attached to the other,
the cutting down of mileage would not get quite so
many votes.
On motion of Mr. RATHBUN, the committee
then rose for the purpose of receiving in the House
a resolution to terminate the debate.
Mr. McKAY offered a resolution providing that
all debate on the bill should terminate at half-past
twelve o'clock.
Mr. McK. demanded the previous question,
which was seconded; and the main question was
ordered, and, being taken, the resolution was
adopted.
The House then nirain resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
resumed the consideration of the said bill.
The pending question still being on the amend-
ment of Mr. Cobb—
Mr. STEWART spoke in favor of the motion.
He then went into a speech on the subject of the
tariff, the expenses of the Mexican war, the esti-
mates of revenue by the Secretary of the Treasu-
ry, &c.
Mr. S. indicated his intention to offer an amend-
ment reducing the pay of members in proportion
to the length of the session.
Mr. WICK said the object of the bill was two-
fold: 1st. to make provision for the payment of
the expenses incident to bringing from their homes,
in western Texas, certain chiefs and warriors of
the Cumanelie, and perhaps other tribes of Indi-
ans, now in this city, and of returning them to
their homes. It is known (said Mr. W.) that our
Government, for the first time, lias very recently
succeeded in holding a fiiendly talk and ni.ikmy a
tieaty with those western wild men. In conse-
quence of the annexation of Texas, these tribes
had become our neighbors, and hence the import-
ance. of having treaty arrangements with them.
It was deemed important that, after the consum-
mation of the treaty, a certain number of these
Indians should make a journey to the seat of Gov-
ernment, to smoke the pipe of peace with their
Groat Father, the President, and see something of
the power, extent, and resources of our country.
They arc now hero, under the authority of the
War Department. There is no appropriation of
money to pay their expenses here and back to
their wigwams. They are impatient to leave, and
cannot do so until this bill shall pass. Some of
them aic said to be sick. Common charity called
for the passage of the bill.
It was with an eye to this appropriation that he
(Mr. W.) had voted to postpone an important
special order, to take up this bill, for the passageof
which there was (he said) the loudest call.
The second object of the bill (Mr. W. said) was
to appropriate money to pay the members of this
House and of the Senate. For this object, he said
he bud no anxiety. It would take care of itself.
There was little danger of members adjourning
without seeing to their pay. But (said Mr. W.)
certain members have taken occasion of this dis-
cussion to allude to the per diem and mileage of
members of Congress, and to speak loudly in favor
of their reduction.
Mr. W. said the country ought to understand
this. It had become a standing theme for Bun-
combizing. Every year or two a hill reducing the
per diem and mileage was made to pass this House,
in confidence that the same would be strangled in
the. Senate. He, for one, thought the pay and
mileage, as now fixed by law, none too much.
Experience had proved to many a demagogue,
who had exclaimed against it before getting into
Congress, that §8 per day for half the time, (and
the other half lost,) was no great shakes. After
deducting expenses of living in Washington, and
of boyin? speeches to send to constituents, he be-
lieved some such arentlemen had become convinced
of their verdancy in imagining themselves on the
high road to fortune by getting into Congress.
Mr. W. said he believed he had heretofore voted
atrainst such propositions. He, for one, did not
believe that if it were not perfectly understood
that such a bill could not pass the Senate, it would
ever pass this House; and he did not hesitate to
say that, in his opinion, if each member of this
House should cast his vote in favor of its passage,
or if his vote would pass the bill, such bill wouiu
find little favor here. As it is, however, (said Mr.
W.,) certain members were ever ready to advo-
cate the measure, and he (Mr. W.) now gave them
notice that hereafter he should vote with them, ana
so far as in his power, promote the passage of a
bill reducing the pay and mileage of members of
Congress, and stopping the pay of absentees. He
said that he, for one, would rejoice to see those
who were so ready to advocatc the reduction, sue*
cessful in their advocacy. He had never heard
that any of them had refused to receive all that the
existing law entitled them to. He thought it bare-
ly possible that, their advocacy of reduction was a
little insincere; and he would be glad to sec them
in the category they were so industriously arran-
ging for themselves. He hoped that in due time a
reducing law would pass both Houses; and had
he on former occasions understood gentlemen as
he now did, he ceitainly would have accommo-
dated them so far as his vote would go.
Mr. McKAY said he would not answer the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stewart] in re-
gard to the tariff, nor would he reply to other gen-
tlemen in regard to the pay and mileage of members
of Congress. He was opposed to the irregulai
practice which prevailed, particularly in this House,
of irrelevant debate. lie thought the legislation of
this country would be much more judicious than
it is, if, when any measure was before this House,
gentlemen would confine their remarks to the ques-
tion appropriately under consideration. Lejicving
this course correct, and it being that which he had
uniformly followed, he would not now dcpait
from it. . p.
What was the bill under consideration. iMrst,
it appropriated $13,000 to the fulfilment of the
stipulations of a treaty made with the Kanzas In-
dians, and which was ratified since the passage of
the ordinary Indian appropriation bill. It was to
carry that treaty into execution, lie presumed
there would be no objections to that.
The next item was'$76,000 additional for the pay
and mileage of members of Congress. To this ob-
jections? were interposed- Now what was the na-
ture of them? He had stated to the committee
-when this bill was under consideration before, that
the appropriation applicable to this object made by
the last Congress was $570,000; that that appro-
priation was made on the supposition that the ses-
sion would terminate about the first of June last.
In consequence, however, of the great number of
important questions brought before Congress, the
session has been continued and will continue to the
]0th of August. Of course everybody sees the ne-
cessity of making additional appropriations. He
had in his hand a statement he would read to the
committee.
[The statement embodied the following facts: 283
members of the two Houses, (supposingthem full,)
their pay each day is #2,264. Congress will have
been in session, up to the 10th of August, 253 days,
and that will make, in connexion with the mileage,
which is $170,563, an aggregate of 747,355; from
this, deducting the former appropriation of $570,-
806, it leaves §176,548, which is proposed to be
provided for by this bill.]
But his friend from Virginia [Mr. Dromguolf/|
and others said there would have been no neces-
sity for this appropriation if the civil and diplo-
matic bill had passed, and that they were hastily
making appropriations for themselves, when they
left other officers of the Government unprovided
for. They have fallen into a great mistake; all
other officers of the Government are provided for
up to the first, of the present month—the com-
mencement of the fiscal year—by the approprial ion
made last year; but, according to the statement he
had already made, the appropriation for the pay
and mileage of members of Congress was exhaust-
ed (supposing that all the members of Congress
had drawn out their pay and mileage) on the Nt
June. If was true that the Sergeant-at-Arms had
continued to pay them until within afew days ago,
but it was in consequence of many members not
having drawn out the full sum to which they were
