THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 1st Session.
ernment against unjust charges. It was also pro-
vided in the bill, that the compensation to be
allowed to these commissioners should be the same
as fixed by the act of 1842. He thought the pres-
ent commissioner was under some mistake as to
the existing law. They were entitled only to $8
per day while on the treaty ground, engaged in ne-
gotiating the treaty, and not while going to or re-
turning from the ground. That was the provision
of the law of 1842, and he would confine the com-
missioner to this law.
Mr. McK. read the estimates of the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, upon which this appro-
priation was proposed, as follows:
•Memoranda placed in the hands of Mr. McKay, btj the
Commissioner of Indian JJjfalrs.
The estimate f'oi the expenses! of the commission to the
Oumaruiie and other wild Indians of the praine, and which
Was transmitted to the committee by the Secretary of War
days since, was* made on the letter of Colonel Lewis,
one of the commissioners, m reply to one written to him by
this office, bearing date on the 30th ultimo, and copies of
which are before the committee. There are no other data
in possession of the department. The comm^sioners have
not yet reported. Governor Butler h sick at Louisville, and
Colonel i«ewis refuses to give particulars until he aruve^.
f  tiie letter alluded to, L'nbmW Lewis says: "The drafts
drawn jointly by himself and Governoi Butler, amount
to ; $45,810 94
Those drawn by himself alone amounted to Q,0-^ 10
Liabilities incurred by the commissioners for
which no (harts have yet been drawn 14,037 00
Making in all 61,903 04
Thebonrdmsr and other incidental expenses of the
Indian* while in this eitv, being 47 in number,
i* estimated at  1.410 00
It is piopor to say, that board and incidental cvpensen
means boarding, lodging, boiuding-house attendance, wa-di-
 nij, medicine and medical attendance, hack-hiiv, police
aittewlanoe, and such immediate ami necesssaiy doiliing aa j
was requiied befoio tbey could visit the 1'ie^ident and Con- i
giess. The estimate for presents is put down at $2,0U0. '
This is not intended to include the few ai ucles of clothing !
fir*? obtained, and which wa« itoca^anry to envoi- thnr I
nakedness, but is designed to purchase moie dmable clot.li- |
uitr, ami such other at ticJes as they may require to take with I
them. Tn making this and the subsequent eiliniute tor !
travelling thmuyh the eastern eitie*. and back to tben homes, j
I availed my.sejf" of thv jnd^/ient and (xpeticncc of Major '
Armstrong, who is now in the city.
Smec the fiiat moment of the auival of these Indians in
this city, and then failing under my charge, 1 have observed
the strictest economy, t am paying, under a contract with
Mr. Muher, $0 per week for the board and lodging of each
Indian, and the same for the accompanying ag«nt and con-
ductors, liquor, as well as all other boarders, to be excluded
fioni the house for the time being. I also made a contiaet
for one police attendant, on the recommendation of the
Mayor ot'the city, at $2 per day. Hack-hire has been sanc-
tioned but once, and then a contract was made to take them
•10 the navy-yard and arsenal at fifty cents each the round
trip The hooks of this d<'paitment show that, from $1 to
$1 50 per day has been usually paid for the board of Indians.
This commission originated m September I«vt. The in-
structions, aa it. will bo soon, weie drawn by my predeces-
sor, and bear date on the 12th of that month. I came into
office on the 1st of November, some time after the commis-
Hionei'8 had proceeded on their ]ourney.
Since that period two important tieaties with Indian tribes
'have been negotiated, and which, for the economy with
which they have been conducted, have seldom if cverhecm
equalled. One is a treaty with the Kansas, by which the
<5ovftvnment acquired two millions of acres of land, secured
the voluntary lemoval of those people, and effected the set-
tlement of many important questions. The whole expense
attending the negotiation, including the compensation and
mileage of Commissiorffers Harvey and Omniums, was
$563 46.
The other is a treaty with the Chippewas, Ottowas, and
Pottowatomies, by which the Government has acquired
some seven millions acics of land, extinguished the title of
those people wherever scattered to all lands in Iowa, as well
as on the Osagp river, and secured the voluntary settlement
of all the various bands m one body beyond the Missouri as
one nation. It was necessary to hold two councils—one at
•Council Bluffs, some 7G0 miles above St. Louis, and one at
the Neosha Agency, some 400 miles beyond that—during
both of which" the Indians were liberally subsisted. The
whole expense attending the negotiation of this most d^si ra-
hle and important treaty, including the compensation and
mileage of Commissioners Andrews, Harvey, and Mattock,
was $1,990 68, and excluding such compensation and mile-
age, only $625 49.
You will bo satisfied, I trust, from the above, that the
department is sufficiently economical whenever matters, are
und^r its immediate control.
He was about making some remarks in vindica-
tion of the present Commissioner of Indian Affairs;
but objections were made.
The* hour of half-past twelve having arrived, the
committee proceeded to vote.
The first question was on the motion of Mr,
71
SATURDAY, JULY 25, 1846.
Cobb, to strike out the item of appropriation for
pay of members, &c.
Mr, B0WLIN moved to amend the item by-
adding thereto the following:
" Provided, however, That no member be allowed pay foi
any dfiy that he does not actually attend tiie sitting of the
House, if in session that day, unless absent by it> order on
tiie business of the Flouse, or prevented from attending by
sickness; and the failure of any member to answer to his
name on the call of the Houik or on the yeas and iiav.s,
shall constitute him an absentee for the day, unless it ap-
peals, from the Journals of the Hou?e, that he was absent In
its order, or be excu&etl for sickness on the certificate of,i
physician. And no member absent from the service of the
House tor his own business or ple-v-iuc, and with or without
the leave ot the House, shall loeoive any pay forihe tmif he
is so absent.
"And he it further provided, That it shall be the duty of the
Cleik of Die House, at least once every (lav, to furnish the
Sergeant-ut-Aims with a list of those, members who on tlir 
preceding dav failed at anv one tune to answer to their
| names, either upon a call of the House or on the yeas and
navs; and the Seigeant-at-Arm*, upon loceivm^ snob lift,
shall charge the member so ah<u>nt, and «diall take from hw
gross pay in the settlement of his account the amount of one
day's pay for every day of absence.
" And be it aho further provided, That the mileage hereaf-
ter to member-? shall be uniform, and shall be six dollais for
eveiy twenty miles going to, and returning from, the seat
of Government, to be computed b> the po-.t olfirc table of
distances, fiom the nearest town of the ret-idonec of tiie
member to the seat of (*overnnn'nt.,,
Mr. STEWART offered the following amend-
ment to the amendment, which was rejected:
"And he if further jrrorideJ, That the pay of members of
Congress after the session shall have continued sis month*:
shall be .^6 per dav; after <ev<-n month.-?, ,^4 poi day; and
after eight month-?, .^■•2 per day.5'
And the amendment of Mr. Bowum was re-
jected.
And the amendment of Mr. Conn was rejected.
The following1 item being under consideration:
" For the expense of the mission to the wild Indians of the
prairte, including the expenses ol a delegation of these In-
dians to this city and baelc to then homes, and al.-o mmiic
pie-em^ tothrm, m\1v on.* thousand five bundled and fmfy
doll,ii^- Pioralcd, That no otin-r oi hi'rhci compensation
shall be patd to fin1 eoinmw^ionei-< appointed to iH-yotcire
with said Indian^ iban is authoii/ed bv the act apptovwl
seventeenth July, eitrhieen hunched ami forty-two, nor^ha!!
any expenditure bo allowed by the accounting offieei* but
what shall appear to have been proper and reasonable."
Mr. McKAY moved to strike out $61,000 and
insert $60,000.
Mr. THURMAN moved to amend the amend-
ment by striking oat $50,000 and inserting $30,000.
The amendment or Mr. Tjturman was rejected.
And the amendment of Mr. McKay was agreed
to.
Mr. McKAY moved to amend the section by
adding at the end of the proviso " and shall in ail
respects bo supported by the most satisfactory
voucher??." Agreed to.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON moved to amend
that amendment by adding that no account shall
be allowed except for such objects as are specified
in the instructions of the Commissioner on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. THURMAN moved to amend the amend-
ment by adding " and to defray the expenses of
taking the delegation home." Rejected.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved to amend tiie amend-
ment, so as to include objects sc that may be autho-
rized by the Commissioner." Rejected.
And the amendment of Mr. Thompson, by ayes
69, noes 49, was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN offered an amendment, appro-
priating #100,000 for the contingent, fund of the
House of Representatives to pay contracts made
and now due. Rejected.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the 4th item of the
bill was amended by inserting after the words
" payment to" the words " missionary society
of."
The committee then rose, and reported the bill
and amendments to the House.
Mr. GEORGE S. HOUSTON demanded the
previous question, which was seconded. And the
main question was ordered; and, being taken, the
amendments were concurred in. And the bill was
read a third time.
And the question being on its passage,
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON demanded the pre-
vious question: which was seconded. The main
New Series....No. 71.
question was ordered,and, being taken, the bill was
passed.
THE ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House again re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Preston King, of New
York, in the chair,) and proceeded to the consider-
ation of the amendments of the Senate to the bill
| making appropriations for the support of the army,
j The first question was on the amendment of the
i Senate striking out the words ''for commutation of
j forage for officeis' horses, $71,603;" and inserting:,
j " including; arrears since commencement of hostili-
I ties, $131,(503."
I Mr. McKAY explained the provisions of the law
! relative to allowances for officers' forage, the prac*
| tice under it, and the necessity for the amendment
j which he offered to the amendment of the Senate in
i the form of the following proviso:
i ProrUled, That no officer, unless m actual service in the
i field, should be allowed imago, or money in lieu thereof, lor
a greater number of horses than is fUed by the act making
appropriations for the pay ot'the army for the year ending
JOtfi June, 18-16.
Under this proviso (he said) all the officers en-
gaged in the war in Mexico would rcccive forage,
for the horses to which they were entitled in time
of war, and all others would receive no more than
was allowed in tunc of pea<^e.
! Mr. HOLMES and Mr. J. R. INGRRSOLL
j briefly opposed, and Mr. HOUSTON of Alabama,
| defended the proviso.
i The question was taken on the amendment to
! the amendment, and it was agreed to-—ayes 68,
I noes 48.
[ And the amendment as amended was adopted.]
\ The amendment of the Senate providing for the
i purchase of additional land at th-e Springfield ar-
! mory being under consideration,
1 A brief explanation followed on the part of
; Messrs. McKAY and ASHMUN.
Mr. McCLELvNAND moved the following
amendment:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the sum of thirty thousand
dollars be, and the same is lieieby, appiopnated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to be ap-
plied under tiie direction of the Secretary of War, for the
purpose of purchasing a site, anil commencing the necessary
worka for a national nrmory at Fort Massac, near the con-
tinence of the Cumberland, Tennessee, Ohio, and Missis-
sippi river?, in pursuance of the act of the 9th September,
3841, for the selection of a site upon the western waters for
such an object.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON moved to amend the
amendment by striking out (i Fort Massac,'' and
inserting " Cypress Creek, in Alabama."
Mr. TlBBAfTS raised tiie point of order on
the amendment.
The CHAIR ruled it out of order.
Mr. McCLERNAND appealed.
And after some conversation, the decision of the
Chair way affirmed.
So the amendment was not entertained.
The other amendments of the Senate having
been concurred in or disposed of,
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
The committee, took up and considered the bill
making appropriations for the payment of navy
pensions for the year ending 30th of June, 1847.
No amendment was made.
The committee then rose and reported the said
bills to the House.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House took up the amendments made in
committee to the amendments of the Senate to the
bill making appropriations for the support of the
army.
The House concurrcd with the committee in its
action on the said bill.
NAVY PENSIONS-
The House took up this bill.
Mr. McKAY moved to strike out the following
item;
a To pay the pensions of invalids who were wounded on
board puvate armed -ve^el* during tiie late war, three
thousand dollars^
