1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1125
Kentucky. He should first discuss the question
under consideration, and then pay his respects to
the gentleman, and probably he might find provo-
cation enough in his remarks to do more than de-
fend himself—to carry the war into Africa.
Mr. Chairman, (said he,) I maintain that this
House has no authority to pass a resolution of a
retrospective character, to operate upon the rates
■of the public printing which has already been exe-
cuted by the printers to this House. I maintain
that the relation between Congress and the public
printers is that which arises out of a contract be-
tween them. The law of Congress fixes the rate
of compensation and requires that the public printer
shall give ample security for its faithful execution.
They have been elected under that law; they have
begun the work and executed the job to a very large
extent, I say to that extent it is not in the power
•of this House to reduce the rates without violation
of the contract.
When the question now before you came up in-
cidentally, a few days since, the gentleman from j
Kentucky took the ground that there was no defi- j
jution of a contract that would covet this case. I !
took direct issue with the gentleman 011 that point.
J attempted to show, and, as 1 think, I did show,
that the very reverse of his proposition was true,
and that there is no definition of a contract which
does not include this case. After taking such a
novel ground as the gentleman assumed, I had sup-
posed, when he came in with his regular prepara-
tion for the debate, he would have been prepared
with some authority, with some reasons to make
good the position he had assumed. But so far from
that, he came in yesterday, and virtually admitted
that, unless at the time of the election of the public
printer this House reserved the right of passing a
law fixing compensation to operate retrospectively,
they could not thereafter do it without the most pal-
pable violation of public faith.
Well, having admitted that, the whole question
narrows itself down to the consideration of the fact
whether there was any such reservation 011 the part
of this House; and I proceed at once to the discus-
sion of this proposition. How does the gentleman
attempt to make it out? Why, he reads from my
spcech at the commencement of the session, as re-
ported in the National Intelligencer, in which I
maintained, (it is not worth while to read it over
again, as the gentleman read it,) that the compen-
sation of the printer was within the control of Con-
gress, and, as far as economy is concerned, it would
not be necessary to let out this wor.k by contract,
but they might reduce the compensation. But is
there anything in that speech, in the extracts culled
out.by the gentleman himself with so much care,
which shows that I supposed that Congress would
regulate the rate of compensation at any other pe-
riod ?—at any rate, that they would reduce the rates
for work already done ? My remarks, so far from
sustaining the gentleman, were, that Congress could
pass a prospective law reducing this compensation.
That I do not dispute now. Thus, so far as my
admissions go, instead of sustaining the gentleman,
they are directly against him.
But suppose it were otherwise? All the gentle-
man could prove would be to fix an inconsistency
upon me. But these printers are not responsible
for what I said; I have no connexion with them
in any way. It is true, sir, I am proud to call
them my friends, and not the less so because they
have been visited by the vindictive and bitter de-
nunciations of the gentleman from Kentucky. But
they are not responsible for what I did here; they
have no connexion with me or influence over me.
But the gentleman goes on to say that the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, as he
is now, and as he was not then, gave notice that he
should introduce a resolution relating to the public
printing. Well, this was" in view of the same
gentlemen being elected printers of both Houses;
and in this case the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means said the composition ought not
to be charged double, and the notice he gave was
confined to the item of composition. If this, then,
has any effect, it is to be appealed to directly
against the gentleman. Expressio unius, exclusio
alterius—the expressing of one thing excludes the
idea of another. The notice having,been confined
simply to the composition, would exclude this
House from any authority to go to anything else.
But the notice of the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means (Mr. B. contended) contained
nothing to show that it was intended that this law
should take effect from the beginning of Congress,
but merely when agreed to that it should be pros-
pective in its character. Whatever might be its
provisions, however, of what force was it? The
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
however great might be his experience and influ-
ence here—and he admitted it was deservedly
great—was not the House of Representatives. He
was not a party to this contract. The House of
Representatives was the party on one side, and
Ritchie & Hetss were the parties on the other side;
and before this power could have been reserved,
it was necessary that this House itself should re-
serve the right by resolution adopted by itself.
Such had beers the construction of this House
and the Senate uniformly. In the 26th Congress—
the case to which the gentleman from Kentucky
referred yesterday—a proposition was made to re-
duce the price of printing. But in that instance,
before the House went into the election of printer,
they first passed a resolution that the printers
should take it subject to any reduction they might
thereafter make. Then it was made a part of the
contract. The House adopted a resolution before
they gave (tut the job, giving the contractors dis-
tinct notice, u If you take this contract, you must
take it subject to such reduction as we may here-
after make." The House went upon the ground
that such a resolution was necessary in order to
justify a subsequent reduction of a retroactive oper-
ation, as it unquestionably was.
But the gentleman from Kentucky had such a
fondness for the argumentiim ad hmninem, that lie
would attempt to settle it on his authority, indificr-
ent as lie was bound to admit it was. lie referred j
to the declarations of Mr. Davis 111 his remarks at I
the commencement of the session, in opposition to !
going at that time into the election of" public prin-
ters, for the reason that thereby thousands of dol-
lars would be lost, and to his preference to subject
themselves to the trouble and inconvenience of
going without a printer for a month, rather than to
go into the election. Did not his whole coiusc—
his whole argument as to what must be the result—
his calculation as to what would be the profits of the
printing doringt.be Congress, nil proceed on the sup-
position that it was out of the pow or of the House
to affect it ? He also noticed tile etlort of Mr. 1).
to introduce a resolution before the punting ot the
Patent OlTiee report was ordered, to limit the pro-
fits upon that document to $3,000, and this after his
committee was organized, and whilst they were
investigating the subject. These attempts, he ar-
gued, showed conclusively that the gentleman did
not believe they could pass a resolution having a
retroactive operation.
But again: if they had a right to go back, and
reduce the prices of printing on so much as they
have already executed, he defied any man, who
understood the commonest principles of law, to
say why they could not go back and make Blair &,
Rives disgorge a portion of what they had re-
ceived, and more especially Gales & Seaton, who
are at this very moment executing a very large and
exceedingly profitable job ordered by the last Sen-
ate at the rates of 1819. As he was told, they
were at this moment at work receiving twenty per
cent, more than Ritchie & Ileiss; and vet these
friends of Gales & Seaton came here and made a
hue-and-cry about the prices which were now paid
to the printers of the present Consress. Would
the gentleman agree to insert, in his bill a provision
operating retrospectively upon this job of Gales &
Seaton in the same manner as upon Ritchie &
Heiss? Why, if any man was to make Uiis prop-
osition—he was about to use an expression which
would ill become the decorum of this House—but,
following the example of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, lie would say, that if this proposition was
made, the whole sty would have been in uproar,
none of its inmates squeaking louder than the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, in those tones with which
(hey were so familiar. No; he should vote for no
such proposition; he should make none; he came
here to legislate as an American statesman, not to
gratify any partisan, personal feeling; he had none
against these editors; if he had, he should not seek
this mode of gratifying it; he should try one that
would he more becoming. These gentlemen were
now doing the work twenty per cent, less than
Gales & Seaton ever did, arid five per cent, less
than Blair & Rives, and yet they had all this cry
about it.
Mr. B. did not hesitate then to vote for these
printers, with the distinct understanding that no
future reduction was to be retroactive. He said
with a distinct understanding—because he came
now to state what he~ had stated on a former occa-
sion, that an effort was made to get him, as a friend
of Ritchie & Heiss, to pledge them that they would
submit to a retrospective reduction. He positively
refused, for reasons which he stated to the gentle-
men who urged him to it, one of which was, he
did not think the gentlemen ought to agree to -com-
mit themselves to the tender mercies of a commit-
tee, at the head of which was the gentleman from
Kentucky; and another was, as he then stated to
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, who would recollect it, that if such a prop-
osition was agreed to, they would have the subject
up here eternally, as a subject of partisan discus-
sion, and as a means of staking at the printers,
whoever they might be, who were elected by the
opposite party, or who might be obnoxious to them
from any reason.
He had stated that he voted for these gentlemen
with the distinct understanding that there should
be no reduction to have a retrospective operation;
because he did not believe, nor did he now believe,
that they were making the enormous profits that
have been represented. And he begged leave to say,
without meaning any personal disrespect for that
committee—for most of them he had great respect—
that in the whole course of his life he had never
seen or heard a more unfair statement of a case
than the repoit of that committee contained. In
inquiry into this subject of printing they had first
before them John C.Rives, who had had greatex-
perienee in this matter; also the foreman of Gales
& Seaton's office—a man of some twenty years
experience in the business—and Mr. Trenholm,
foreman of Ritchie & Heiss's printing office—a
gentleman who might not be known to many
members of this House, with whom Mj'. B. had
very little personal acquaintance, but from that
little he undertook to say he was as intelligent,
as accomplished a printer as was to be found in
the city of Washington. It had rarely been his
fortune to meet with a gentleman with whom a
short acquaintance had left a more favorable im-
pression 011 his mind as emphatically a gentleman
and a scholar. The committee had these gentle-
men before them, and the testimony of every one
of them was discarded, and .that of Mr. Gideon
was relied on exclusively. Here is what Mr.
Trenholm says:
' « Mr. Towers estimates the cost to the printer of 67,008
copies %t $'30,745.
" Now, the cost of too items alone, viz : paper and press-
work, would amount to about $3J,150."
Thus it is shown in this estimate of Mr. Tow-
ers, so much telied on, that everything is omitted
besides paper anil presswork", viz: ink, stitching,
folding, wear and tear, &c., &c.
Mr. Rives says the compensation is not too high.
He proves his sincerity in this by showing that lie
declined in the 27th Congress to take the job at the
reduction at which the work was now done. Gales
& Seaton did take it, and, according to the state-
ment of Mr. Rives, they could only make one per
cent, under the reduction of 1819—under which
the present printers were now executing the work
of Congress. Here is what Mr. Rives says:
" 1 think tlmt if the House of Representatives had reduced
the price of Congressional printing for the Sfitli Congress to
what they are now—20 per cent, below the prices fixed by
the louitie-olunim of Cimgie.->s parsed in 1819—X would have
li liberated some time whether Mr. Blair and myself should
tjikc it; and I am net sure that the deliberation would hove
induced me to take it,thou li it is piobabletliatl would liave
t'lken it to have kept others from getting it, if for no other
reason. Messis. Gales & Seaton then pioposeil to execute
ttie printing of Congress for 20 per cent, less than the prices
fixed by tile joint resolution of 1819. Tile prices now paid,
or proposed to be paid by the law of last session, are pie-
cisely 20 per cent, less than those named 111 the jointresolu-
tion of 181 y, and, therefore, are exactly tlie same for ivluih
Messrs. Coles & Seaton proposed to execute the printmjjof
the &3th Ooim-IM. They estimated then—and swore to their
estimate, if 1 lei-olleet aright—that there was about 21 per
cent, profit only 011 the pi ices fixed bvtlie joint resolulionof
1S19, and, consequently, that they would make only one per
cent, by executing the printing on the terms they proposed.
Thev alleged as a reason, and perhaps the only one, for pro-
pnsin!! to ilo the printing so low, that they did so to keep their
workmen employed, or for tlie benefit of then printers, who
would he thrown out of employment otherwise."
" When the next Congress (the 37th) met, both Houses
passed resolutions m advance of their electing printers, re-
ducing the prices 20 per cent, below those fixed by the joint
resolution of 1819. As soon as those resolutions passed, X
called on Messrs. Gales & Seaton, and told them that Mr.
Blair and myself would not be candidates for either House,
anil that we would not do the work for those prices it Con-
gress should offer it to us. Mr. Gales replied that ho did not
