1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11-29
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, July 22, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. WHEATON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, made a report.
Mr. YOST, from the Committee on Engraving,
reported the following resolution-, which was read,
considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That 5,000 extra copies of the map
accompanying Doc. No. 211, which has been
printed this session, be furnished for the use of
this House.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON subsequently moved a
reconsideration of the vote, on the ground that there
was no good reason for the printing.
The vote was not reconsictcred.
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia, on leave given, of-
fered the following resolution; which was adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post route from
Blacksville, in the county of Monongalia, Virginia,
to Warren, in said county.
Mr. MORSE earnestly appealed to the House
to take up at this time a joint resolution, which (he
said) had passed the Senate, and which, unless it
should become a law at this session, would render
the object in view entirely nugatory.
After a brief explanation by Mr. MORSE,
The House, according to his suggestion, took
up the joint resolution from the Senate authorizing
the sale of lands at Baton Rouge, m the State of
Louisiana-, [for the purpose of erecting the neces-
sary Government buildings for the State of Lou-
isiana, the seat of governmenthaving been removed
to that place.]
The joiniresolution having been read twice, was,
on motion of Mr. MORSE, and by general con-
sent, read a third time and passed.
Mr. KING, of Massachusetts, asked leave to
report a resolution from the Committee on Ac-
counts on the subject of stationery; [allowing
members a certain sum per session in heu thereof.]
Objected to.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, made an ineffectual
effort to call up a resolution heretofore introduced,
providing for the printing of 5,000 extra copies of
the report on war steamers. Objected to.
the public printing.
On motion of Mr. HENLEY, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Dunlap, of Maine, in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the joint
resolution directing the manner of procuring the
printing for the two Houses of Congress.
The pending question being on the following
amendment of Mr. Jknicins:
" That the Secretary of tho Senate and the Clerk of the
Bouse of Representatives be, and they me hereby, autho-
rized and required, within thirty days after the adjournment
o/tlie present session of Congre^, in like manner to adver-
tise for seated proposals for supplying the Senate and House
of Representatives, at the next ensuing session of Congress,
with the necessary printing for each; and the Secretary of
the Senate and Cleik ot the House of Jlopiesentntivps, with-
out the aid of the Vice Piesident or Speaker of the House
of Representatives, shall, within four weeks theieafter, pro-
ceed to let each class ot printing 111 the manner fpeoitied m
the foregoing resolution, giving similar notice, entering into
contracts, and Taking seeuiity as therein required; and all
law-- inconsistent with these resolutions are hereby repeal-
ed."
Mr. G. DAVIS addressed the committee in
favor of the contract plan of executing the public
printing, and on the expediency and propriety of
disconnecting the public press from th© patronage
of the Government.
Mr. D. also made some remarks in addition to
those heretofore submitted by him in relation to the
political course of Mr. Bayly, and in reply to re-
marks made by that gentleman.
[A message was received from the Senate in-
forming the House that, that body had disagreed
to amendments of the House to certain amend-
ments of the Senate to the army appropriation bill,
and that the Senate insisted, &c.]
Mr. BAYLY followed in reply to Mr. Davis,
(expressing the pain and mortification he felt at
bein*- compelled to indulge in this House in any
remarks about himself,) defending himself from
the political assaults of Mr. Davis, and explaining
and vindicating his own political course and con-
sistency.
Mr. B. having concluded,
Mr. BARKLEY MARTIN moved that the com-
mittee rise; which motion prevailing, the commit-
tee rose and reported.
Mr. RATHBUN offered a resolution, in the
usual terms, providing that all debate on the said j
resolution should cease at one o'clock, p. m.
Mr. R. demanded the previous question, which
was seconded.
And the main question on the resolution was
ordered to be now taken.
Mr. BOYD, remarking that the House had now
little to do but to wait on the Senate, moved that
the House adjourn.
The motion was rejected.
The question then recurred, and was token, on
the resolution of Mr. Rathbun, and it was adopt-
ed.
The House then again resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Dunlap, of Maine, in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the said lesolution,
Mr. BENTON (who reported the resolution)
explained and enforced its provisions, and advo-
cated on general grounds the adoption of the con-
tract system of printing. He combated the idea
of the creation of an ojjictr for the execution of the
public printing as entirely unnecessary to carry
into elfect the delegated powers of Congress, and
hence in conflict with the Democratic principle of
limitation of offices. He argued that the printing
would be as well done, and with far greater econ-
omy. He appealed to tho advocates of free trade
in opposition to thm restriction upon printing, and
called upon them to open fair competition in this
business to the printers of the country. He re-
plied to Mr. Douglass, and yielded to him for
explanation.
In conclusion, he moved ccrtain amendments to
the resolution, which, if adopted, would make it
to read as follows:
JOINT RESOLUTION dneeting the manner of procuring
the punting for tho two Nou-u's ot Congress
Resolved by the Senate and Itour.c o f Representative? of the
Ihtitci States of Jimetica in Lbngrcss assembled, That the
Secretary of the Senate and the Clerk of the House ol Hep-
lesentatives be, and they are licrehj, authorized and re-
quired, at the beginning < f the final scj-sion of every Con-
gress, to advertise for tour weeks s-m eesM\ely, m all the
new.-papeis published in the city of Washington, foi sealed
piopi'-vllft ioi supplying the ^en.ite and Uou^e, icspe< tiveU ,
ol the ne\l ensuing Cougn ?•-, with the mve^aiv punting
foi each; which advetuseim nt ^h.ilJ describe Use kind oj
pijijtuitf and Ihe quality of paper lequired, iifc near as may
be, m the execution of the work; and said advertisement
shall divide and classify the printing of the respective Houses
as follows: One of bills and resolutions; one of reports of
committees; one of journals; one of "Executive documents;
and one for every other description of printing; each class
to be a separate job, and to he provided for by separate con-
tract. Tlie s>aid advertisement t-hall aho contain a designa-
tion of the place, in the city of Washington, where such
sealed pioposals shall be received, and the day and time ot
day at which said Secretary and Clerk wiii cease to receive
any further proposals; and the Secretin-} and Cleik afore-
said shall provide suitable samples of the printing required,
and of the paper on which the same is to he executed, to
lie kept at the place so designated aw aiortsaid, at least
twenty davs sueeefMvely before the tune of receiving pro-
posals shall expire, open to the inspection of aii peisons
desiring to make pioposals for the printing aforesaid, intelli-
gence wheicot shall he contained in said adveiti>>ement.
Immediately on the e<p:iatioii of the tune for receiving said
pioposals they shall be opened by the Secretary and Clerk
aforesaid, in the pie.-enee of the Vice President or Presi-
dent of the Senate, and tho Speaker of the House of Repto-
sentativos, and of such persons making pioposals as may
wish to be present. And the Secieuiy of the Senate, under
the supervision of tho Vice Pieaident oi President of the
Senate, and Clerk of the House of Representatives, under
the supeivision of the Speaker, shall thereupon let eaeh
class of siud printing to the lowest bidder, who shall furnish
satisfactory evidence of his piactieal nkill and his ability to do
the woik,and who shall oflet good and sufficient security for
the faithful execution of the jobs and contracts undertaken
by Jjiuj. And thereupon the Vice President or President of
the Senate and its Secretary, and the Speaker of the House
and its Cleik, *haU proceed to take bonds, with good and
sufficient seeuriij, for the due and faithful peiformanee of
the work ; and tho oflieeis aforesaid shall nnmediatly there-
after report to their re^p<,eti\e Houses all such lettings of
printing, and the contracts relating to the same.
Mr. JENKINS thereupon withdrew his amend-
ment.
Mr. McKAY referred to the large reductions
that had already been made in the rates of print-
ing, and to the evidences of dissatisfaction still,
and the seeming disposition on the part of gentle-
men to go further, and resort to the contract sys-
tem. He vindicated the present system as one
which had stood the test of experience, and ob-
jected to entering: into another experiment of the
other system. This (the contract system) had
been in force prior to 1819; and he read from the
report of a committee of this House at that time,
when the change was made, pointing out its de-
fects and objections; also from the testimony of
Mr. J. C. Rives, of the same bearing.
He was willing to make a partial trial of it, as
far as the various annual reports are concerned,
which are required to be laid before Congress at
the commencement of each session. These might
be printed by contract, and thus be ready at the
meeting of Congress, which would tend greatly to
facilitate the progress of legislation.
"He mentioned among the objections to the plan
proposed the difficulty with which (if at all) it
would be applicable to Executive documents in the
Senate, treaties, &c., which were now printed un-
der oath of secrecy by the public printer, before
action is had upon them. For this a responsible,
trustworthy, regular printer was necessary.
Mr. HENLEY subsciibed fully to the positions
taken by Mr. Benton in support of the contract
system. It was a measure demanded by the peo-
ple, and Congress should adopt it with as good a
grace as possible. It would work well, he was
satisfied, and would greatly promote the ends of
economy. He recuired to and defended his con-
tract plan, and gave notice of an amendment he
should offer, embodying its principles.
The hour of one having arrived, the committee
proceeded to vote.
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. Benton, and it was agreed to.
Mr. JENKINS offered the following as an ad-
ditional section:
Sec 2. And be it further resolved, That immediately aft' r
the adjournment of the present session ot Congre.-s, the
Secretary of the Senate, and Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives, >hall, in like manner, advertise for sealed piopo-
sals to contract for the printing for the next session of the
present Congress*; that the pioeecdings in legard to paid pro-
posals and contracts foi said last-mentioned printing, shall
be conducted in the manner specified in the fbrcgomg reso-
lution*?: Provided, ftowevcr, That the Vice President and
Speaker of the lionse of Representatives shall n«n be ie-
(pnred to take any part in said hwt-incntioned proceedings.
All laws inconsistent with these resolutions arc hereby ic-
pealed.
Kejected. Ayes b'3, noes 67.
Mr. I. E. HOLMES moved that the committee
rise, H.ml report the resolution, with a reeoinmcnda-
tion that, it do not pass.
Mr. TIBBATTS offered an amendment, which
was declared out of order, and which he then mod-
ified to read as follows:
Resolved, That the printing (tone for tlie House nr Repre-
sentatives by the public printers, piior to the 21.,t day of
July, 1846, be paid for agreeably to their contract, any law
or lesolution to the contrary notwithstanding.
The amendment, by ayes 43, noes 78, was re-
jected.
Mr. HENLEY moved two additional sections,
providing for the superintendence of the printing
after it shall have been let out, &c.; which, byayes
73, noes 46, was agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN offered the following amend-
ment; which was rejected:
Provided^ That all contracts let under this art shall bo
taken, subject to the reservation hy Congress of a light to
repeal this act without subjecting the United Stales to the
payment of damages.
The committee then rope and reported the joint
lesolution and amendments to the House.
Mr. HAMLIN demanded the previous question,
which was seconded.
And the main question was ordered.
The amendments were concurred in.
And the resolution was read a third time.
And the question heme: on its passage,
Mr. BRINKERIIOFF demanded the previous
question, which was seconded.
And the main question was ordered.
Mr. DROMGOOLE asked the yeas and nays
thereon, which were ordered, and, being taken,
resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John Qixinoy Adams. Stephen
Adams. Anderson, Arnold, A«hmnn, Atkinson, Bell, Benton,
James Black, J.imes A. Black, BLmcliani, Brmker-
huff, Milton Brown, William (*. Brown, William W. Camp-
bell, Oathearf, Reuben Chapman, Clarke,Collin, Cmnston,
Crozier, Ctillom, Culver, Cummins, Pargan, Gairett f)a\w,
De Mott, Dixon. Doekeiv, Dunlap, Edsnll, Ellsworth, Kid-
man. John H. Evvmg, Faran, Fickhn, Foot, Foster, Fries,
Goodyear, Gordon, Graham, Grider, Gnnnell. Grovei, Ham-
lin, Hampton, Harmanson, TIaiper, Henley, Iloge, Elias B.
Ilolmes, George S. Houston, Samuel D. JIubbaid, Hudson,
Ilungerford, James B. Hunt, Hunter, Joseph 11. Ingersoll,
Jenkins, James H. Johnson, Andrew Johnson, Georee W.
Jones, Daniel P. King, Preston King1, Thomas Butler
King, Leib, La Sere, Lewis, Long. Lump/tin, Muclnv.
McClelland, McClernand, James McDowell, MeGiiiiuhey,
MoIIenry, Mellvaine, Marsh, Bnrkley Martin, Miller, Mor-
ns, Moselev, Norris, Owen, Pendleton, Phelps Pollock,
Ramsey, Rathbun, Iielfe, Kitter, Roberts, Julius Rockwell,
