1130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 22,
John A. Rockwell, Runk, Sawtelle, Sawyer, fc cammon,
Seaman, Seddon, Severance, Alexander 1). Sims, Truman
Smith, Thomas Smith, Cal.'b B. Smith, Starkweather,
iritowait, St. John, Stiohm, Strong, Thibodeaux, Thomas-
feon, Benjamin Thoriipnon, Thurman, Tildeii, Trumbo,
Vance, Vmton, YVentwoith, Wheaton, White, Wick, Wil-
inot, Winthiop, Wood, Woodiuff, Woodward, Wood-
worth, Wright. Young, and Yost—334.
NAYS Messrs. IJedmger, Biodhead, Burt, Augustus A.
Chapman, (Jnipman, (Jubb, Daniel, Dobbin, Douglass,
Diomgoole, Garvin, Gil<> , Jsaac E. Holmes, Hough, Ed-
mund YV. ilubaid, Kauiman, Ligon, Joseph J. McDowell,
Melvay, John P. Maitm, Tajne, Pillsbury, Reid, llliett,
Jacob'Thompson, and Tibbatts—26.
So the resolution was passed, in the following
form, to wit:
JOINT RESOLUTION directing the manner of procuring
the punting the two Houses ot (Jongie s.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the
United Staio, of Jimuica in Gougjess assembled, That the
Secietaiy of lite Senate anil the Cleik ot the House ot
Uepie^entaUvcs be,and they are neieby, authonzed and le-
quiied, at the beginning of the filial ses-ion of every C'ou-
grcss, to adveilisc tot lour weeks successively, in all the
in w.-paport" published m the city ot Washington, tor sealed
piopo-als toi supplying the Senate and House, respective-
ly, of tue next ensuing CongiesS, with the necessary priut-
ing f.n < aen ; winch advertisement shall de&eubc me kind
or pinitmg and the quality of paper required, as near a-,
ma) be, in the execution of the work; and said ad\ein-?e-
m.jnt shall divide arid classify the punting ot tue respective^
liuu^os, Hslollows: One ot bills and resolutions;  nu of
tepoiUol committees; one of journals; one ot executive
documents; and one loi eveiy other desenptum ot puut-
mg ; each class to be a sepaiate job, and to be piowded lor
b> s-epaiate conn act. The s<ud advoHisement -dull aiao
eontcun a de-iguutiun of the place, in tlie said city ot Wash-
ington, where ^ucli sealed pioposais sii.dl be leceivcd, and
the day and tune of dav at wiiicii s.ud Sccietaiy anil (JleiK
will eca<e to h'ccivc any fmrher proposals ; and the Secre-
tary ami (Ji'jik alote.-aid s-liall piovide suitaule samples of
the pnntitife jequiud, and the pap~r on wnich the mine is
to bj eveeutod, 10 be k-'pt at the place so designated as
aioioaid at loa-t twentv days succossn elv befoie the time
o. receiving pioposals shall expire, open to the inspection
ol all pi'ison> (ksmug to make pcoposaU lor the piinurtg
afoi.'^aid, intelligence uheieol shall be contained in said
adveilisjuicnt. immediately on the cApnation ot the time
loriicening said proposals, they shall be opened by the
Set u taiy and Cicr^ u oie&aid, in the pres'.nco ol the Vice
Trcsi lent, or i'lesiilent of tin.' ►Senate, ami the Speaker or
tae House ot K picveniati\L>,and ot -uch peisoin making
piopj.-ais a  nia_, wish to be piesent. And the tficictary oi
Ihe S,inato, undci the supem-um ol the Vi.ee Piesid nf, or
j'rcsident o! the .Senate, and the Cleik of the House ot Rep-
resentatives, uuuer the supervision of the Sp< aker, shall
thereupon l-'t each cla-s ot said panting to the lowest bul-
dei, who ^hall tnrmsh satislactory evidence ol his practical
skill and his ability to do the work, and who shall offer good
and sufficient secuiity for the faithiul execution of the jobs
and contracts undertaken by lu'ui. And thereupon the Vice
rre.-ident, oi resident of the Senate, and it> Secretaiy, and
the Speaker of the House and its Clerk, shall proceul to
t ike bond-, w oh yo-ul and Miliiueht seemiiy, lm th" due
and fntillui pei toimanec ot the work : and tue olii^cis a.oi e-
said Siiall immediately Meie.ilfer icpoit to then M><pe<_uve
Uonsi's all mi.-It letrii'gs of punting, and the c«nit:nct> ie!<i-
tun? to the "'ime : Piovuie<i7 I'h.it tne said piopo-ai- shall
leniain scaled until the time appointed loi examiniiig the
same..
St'C. 2. Jlm\ }c it, fin thi r } t'boheJ, That a committee,
conMstniix of fliiee uicmbeis ul the Senate and tniee rncin-
lieirfot the iiiiuse ol Repicsentatives, shall be chosen by-
then lc-pective ilou-es, which shall constitute a committee
oji pii ntini,, \\ lneii thall lia\ c pow er to adopt --ueli mea>iue<
as mai be deemed neees-aiyto remedy any negket oi delay
on the p irt of the eontiactor to execute the woik ordeied by
< 'otiL'ies-', and to make <i pro r.ita leduction in the coiii] ^nsa-
tiun'allowod, oi to refuse the woik nlrogi flier, Miouid it bo
infeuor to tin-1 standaid, and hi all cases the contiactej and
his securities shall be responsible lor any liicieased expen-
diture coiisoqu 'in upon t,h>' lion pei/oimanceof the eonti act.
Tin- comuiiltee shall audit and pa^s upon ail accounts (or
printing , but no bill snail be acted upon tor woi k that i- not
actuall}'eAecuU'd and delneied, and which they niav reyune
to be piopcily authentK'ated.
Sif.-i And be it further resolved, That all motions to
print e.xtia numbeisof any bill, paper, oi document, in either
Hovi-e, shall be icfern d to the members ot the joint < omniit-
lee of that House, who shall leport upon the piopuety of
punting, and tue piobable expense tiieic-ol, as eailj as con-
venient. And all (^penses for p'rinting shall he paid ftom
the contiug' rit fund of the two Houses, j« piopoition to tln^
number of copies ordeied by each, except tile expense ot
composition, which shall he p-ud by the llouse which shall
have tii-t oidered the pnnbng of ihe papei oi document;
and if ther^ «li.dl bo a second cmiipo-'ition, if shall be paid
for by the House which shall authorize and diieet tlie same ;
and when extra < opies ot any document or papei shall be
oideied by both liou-cs, they shall be delivered to tlie two
Houses simultaneously,in propoition to the number of copies
bv them respectively ordeied.
Sue. 4. Jind be it Juithcr resolved, That all laws and parts
of Uwp now in f«ucc, not m conlomnty with the provisions
of tins jomt resolution, be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Mr. BENTON moved a reconsideration of the
vote.
The question was taken, (under the operation
of the previous question,) and the vote was not
reconsidered.
The House took up the bill making appropria-
tions for various minor objects which had been
returned from the Senate with an amendment, and
concurred in the said amendment.
A message was received from the Senate, dis-
agreeing to the amendment of the House to one of
its amendments to the bill making appropriations
for the military service for the year ending 30th of
June, 1847, by which no officer, unless m actual
service, can be allowed forage for a greater number
of horses than is fixed in the proviso to the army
appropriation bill for the last year; as also insist-
ing on their several amendments to the said bill,
which have been disagreed to by this House.
These amendments were, first, a provision for the
purchase of additional land for the use of the na-
tional armory at Springfield; and, second, to strike
out from the bill its fourth section, which reduces
the travelling allowance of officers of the army and
navy from ten cents to six cents per mile.
Mr. ASHMUN moved that this House recede
from its amendment, as also to recede from its dis-
agreement to the two amendments of the Senate
above mentioned.
Mr. WINTHROP and Mr. ASHMUN ex-
plained the facts connected with the purchase of
land for Springfield armory.
After which the question was put, and the House
refused to recede from its amendment, or from its
disagreement to the amendments aforesaid.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, a conference was
asked of the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on said amendments, and Messrs.
McKAY, BLACK of South Carolina, and ASH-
MUN, were appointed managers at the conference
on the part of the House.
DUTIES OF THE ATTORNEY GEiVERAL.
The House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, Mr. Dromgoole,
of Virginia, m the chair.
After a struggle fur bills,
The committee, on motion of Mr. RATHBUN,
took up the following:
A mXjL relative to, and mci casing the duties of, tlie Attor-
ney Gencial.
Be it enacted by the Senate aiul House of Representativei
of the United Stales of Jimeriut ni Con^reki assembled, That
the Attorney General ot the United Elates loi the time being
s=h ill, in addition to the duties now imposed on lum by law,
perlorm such othei duties as shall be enjoined on lum by
the President, relative to all matters ot a legal character in
which the United States may oi shall be interested, and the
issuing of commissions to the justices and judges of the
coin ts of the United States, district attorneys, marshals, and
othei ofhceis connected with the judicial establishment the
appointment of whom is or may be vested in tlie Presi-
dent.
2. Jlad be iljurlher cnacted, That it shall he the duty
ot the Solmloi o! the Tieasury to act in subordination to
the Attomev Gencial in all matters and proceedings apper-
taining to suits in which the United States is a party or m-
teiested, and in e.-tabhfclnng iules and regulations tor the
olxci vance ofdistiicl attorneys, marshals, and cleikw of the
circuit and distuct couits of tlie United States respecting
buch suits.
Skc. 3. s2nd be it fwither enacted, Thai from and aftei
the passing of fins act, alt the powers and duties now au-
thorized and requited In law to be exercised and peilonned
by the Secretai v oi State, touching and respecting the Patent
Olfice and the business thereof, shall be e.xercised and per-
fonned by the Attorney Gencial.
Slc. 4. And be it jiti thcr enacted, That the Attorney Gen-
eial shall have a f-eal of office, to be made with Mich de-
vice as Ihe Piesidcnt thall appiove, and all records and
papers in his otiiee authenticated under such seal shall be
evidence equally as the original teeord or paper.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That theie shall be m
i the office of the Attorney Gencial a chief clerk, m addition
to the cleik now aufhoiized by law to the Attorney General;
and the said chicf (.lerk sduill be appointed by the Attorney
Gencial, and he employed as lie shall deem proper; and m
case oi vacancy in the oiiice of Attorney General, shall
have charge of all the recoids, books, and papeis appei-
taumig to the tmd olheo; and the said chief clcrk fhall ic-
Ctive compensation at the rate oi two thousand dollais per
i annum.
I Sr<'. 6. And be U farther emitted, That the Attorney Gen-
! etal shall be allowed an annual &nlaiy of six tbou-.and dol-
: lars <uid be authon/.ed to appoint a messenger with a salaly
1 of five bundled dollars.
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS moved to lay aside the
bill for the purpose of taking up the Peruvian
indemnity bill. No question was put, and the
committee continued on with the bill.
It was then taken up by sections.
And Mr. DRINICERHOFF moved an amend-
ment to the 5th section, going to make certain ad-
i' ditions to the compensation of the District Attorney
of Ohio.
The CHAIRMAN ruled it out of order.
The sixth section of the bill having been read—
Mr. GORDON moved to strike it out. He ob-
served that this was a bill which proposed to add
$1,500 to the present salary of the Attorney Gen-
eral. He now received |4,500; the bill would
j give him §6,000. Mr. G. could see no need of
any such an increase in the public expenditure;
he did not think that the Government would derive
any essential benefit from the proposed change;
and this was no time to propose unnecessary ex-
penditures; the nation was at war, and we needed
all our resources. He should oppose the bill in
every form.
Mr. VINTON moved an amendment to the bill
requiring the Attorney General, in case the pro-
posed addition should be made to his allowances,
to devote his whole time to the duties of his office.
At present this officer en joyed a large practice in
the courts, which must of necessity occupy much
of his attention. He was now a Cabinet officer—
though formerly this had not been the case. As
he was to be placed on an equal footing in all
respects with the heads of the departments, Mr.
V. thought he ought to be restricted to the official
duties or his place as the law officer of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. THURMAN said that the provisions of
this bill would nearly double the present duties of
the Attorney General; notwithstanding which,
Mr. T. should vote against the proposed augment-
ation of his salary. He hoped, however, that so
much of this section as went to allow him a mes-
senger would be allowed to remain. The whole
amount of duties now performed by the Secretary
of State in deciding controversies respecting patent
rights and caveats would by this bill be transfer-
red to the Attorney General, and also all those
duties which related to justices of the peace; it
was certainly proper that he should be allowed a
messenger,
Mr. DOUGLASS would add a word as to the
proposed increase of duty which was to be im-
posed upon the Attorney General by this bill.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Thurman] had
very truly stated a part of that additional duty,
but he had overlooked one important increase of
labor. As the law now stood, the Solicitor Gen-
eral had control of all suits instituted by the Uni-
ted States Government in all the States: he pre-
pared the instructions under which all the district
j attorneys acted in prosecuting those suits; while*"
he was himself subject to the Treasury Depart-
ment and responsible to the Secretary of the Trea-
sury, and not to the Attorney General. Hence it
happened that the record was made up by one
officer and the action tried by another, whence it
often happened that the Government was cast in
its prosecutions. By the present bill a change was
to be made 111 this anomalous state of things: the
Solicitor General was to be placed, not under the
Secretary of the Treasury, but under the Attorney
General. This officer would, therefore, be charged
with the duty of revising the instructions forward-
ed by the Solicitor to the several district attorneys
in all suits conducted in the courts below. The
responsibility would all ultimately devolve, as it
ought to do, on the Attorney General, as the head
of the law department of the Government. This
increase of responsible duties, in addition to those
which had been already mentioned, would fully
justify the proposed increase of salary and allow-
ances.
Mr. HAMLIN said that, whenever it was pro-
| posed to raise the salary of an officer of the Gov-
ernment at Washington, there were always mem-
bers of Congress in abundance ready to vote for it.
The increase of salaries was a popular thing, and
it would always find advocates on that floor. Gen-
tlemen seemed to take delight in doing things on a
magnificent scale. But Mr, II. was opposed to
the whole policy. Granting the representation of
the gentleman from Illinois to be correct, and ad-
mitting that the present duties of the Attorney
General would be doubled by this bill, when they
were doubled they would still not amount to much.
They were very far from being arduous. They
were, it was true, of a nature highly responsible;
but the discharge of them was far from being bur-
j densome. It was said that certain duties now
[ performed by the Commissioner of Patents were
j to be transferred to him. Yes, and the transfer
1 was a mere humbug, only intended to justify and
1 cover this large increase of salary. Who com-
; plained of the Commissioner of Patents? Who
i charged him with any remissness in the discharge
! of his duties?
| Mr. RATHBUN said the gentleman was-under
' a misapprehension. The bill did not transfer to
I the Attorney General any of the present duties of
ii the Commissioner of Patents, but certain duties in
