1846'.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1131
relation to disputed patents now devolving on the I
Secretary of State.
Mr. £[AMLIN admitted that he had then been
mistaken as to that; but it made no difference: he
stuck to his position. The Attorney General,
when he accepted of his appointment, took it sub-
ject to all the duties which it might please Congress
to attach to the office; and he was bound to dis-
charge them without any increase of salary. If
Congress choose to take away certain duties from
the Secretary of State and transfer them to the
Attorney General, and on that account gave the
latter an increase of salary, it was no more than
fair that a proportional reduction should be made
in the allowance of the Secretary of State. Mr.
H. knew that this bill was destined to pass, but it
never should pass by his vote. This whole parade
of duties added was merely a pretext for raising
the salary of this Cabinet officer. When Congress
called 011 the Secretary of the Treasury for labo-
rious estimates and other statements, beyond the
current duties of his department, nobody thought
of making him any ex tra allowance for the labor.
It was held to peitain to his office as one of the
heads of department. There was a very good
reason why the Attorney General, though he was
a Cabinet officer, should receive a lower salary
than the other members of the Cabinet: lie enjoyed
an extensive and very lucrative practice ill his
private and personal character as an eminent mem-
ber of the bar. Mr. H. saw no reason for the
adoption of the amendment proposed by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,] in restricting
him from the exercise of his talents in the courts
as a lawyer. Let him retain Ins practice, and all
he could cam by it; but do not add to his official
allowance, which was aheady sufficiently great.
Gentlemen here talked very loudly about economy
and reform; he should like to see their piactice
conform a little better to their preaching.
Mr. RATHBUN said that he should not advo-
cate the passage of this bill, unless ho believed it
right in principle. The duties pc
rignt m p,— —- pertaining to the
office of Attorney General were cleaily deimed by
law; and, because they were not so arduous as
those pertaining to the heads of Departments, his
salary had been fixed at only #4,500, while theirs
was S6.000. But the duties of the Secretary of
State had been increased from time to time, till ho
was likely to be completely swamped. The prop-
osition in this bill was to transfer a part ot ins
burdens to the shoulders of the Attorney General,
particularly those in relation to patent rights for
inventions. He was now charged, in part, with
the adjudication of appeals on patent rights and
caveats. Disputes were frequent on these rights,
and the cases were argued before a board, of which
the Secretary of State was one Ihis duty was
proposed to be imposed on the Attorney Geneial.
Then, he was further to be charged with thcsupci-
intendence and preparation of all suits m the dis-
trict courts when the United btutes was a party.
He was the legal head of the Government and, as
such, was responsible. At present, the feoliutoi
of the Treasury was the next law officer under him,
but not responsible to ln.n; and he acted on the in-
struction ofthe distinct attorneys, without tlielcnowl-
edge or advice of the Attorney General, though he
had ultimately to bear the responsibility. This bdl
would make the Solicitor of the ircasuiy ^pon-
csihlp where he ou°"ht to be; not to the head of the
Triasury Department, but to the legal head of the
Government. Besides this, the bill laid uponi the
Attorney General the performance of all duties of
a legal nature with which he might at any time: be
charged by the President of the United States.
This would get rid, at once, of all attempts (so fre-
quently troubling that House) to get allowances
for extra services.
Mr. McCLELLANI) inquired whether it was
not the practice now for the district attorneys to
consult the Attorney General in difficult cases, and
apply to him for advice and direction ?
'Mr RATHBUN replied that it was. As an
illustration of the benefit of getting rid of claims
foi extra services, Mr. R. referred to the Attorney
General's being charged with the settlement of the
Peruvian indemnifies, for which it was proposed
to allow him, as for an extra duty, 42,000; but if
this bill passed, he would not get a dollar for it.
Then he was to have the power and duty of
authenticating papers-a duty not now discharged
bv him For this addition of duties, it was cleaily
just and proper that additional salary should be
allowed. The additional duties would have; to be
transferred to him because the public service re-
quired it; whether the House would increase his
compensation was a question for the House to con-
sider.
Mr. BOWLIN said that he considered the salary
now enjoyed by the United States Attorney Gen-
eral as the best salary under the Government. He
received his $4,500, with liberty to practise as ex-
tensively as he pleased in the courts; and his prac-
tice alone was probably worth more than $6,000,
which was paid to the other Cabinet officers.
Certainly, his salary and his practice together were
worth much more than that. There was, then, a
very good reason for the existing difference in
their allowances. The mere endorsement of a
lawyer by appointing him Attorney General was
of itself invaluable as a means of obtaining him
profitable practice; it was more to him than a
thousand other certifications. As to this bill, he
held it to be a meie scheme to covcr an increase
of salary—as perfect a humbug as he had ever
witnessed. This officer, with very light duties to
perform, now received $4,500; more, by 35 per
cent., than the salaries of the whole supreme
bench in Missouri; more than all the supreme court
judges received iri Ohio, though they were callcd to
administer justice as the highest Slate tribunal to
more than two millions of people. Mr. 13. would
never give his vote to give nim atill more. What
did all these extia duties in this bill, about which
such a parade was made, amount to? Nothing.
When they came to be examined, they would be
found to be in fact nothing. In the first place, this
olficor was required to perionn all such duties, in
relation to legal matters, as might at any time be
required of him by the President of the United
States. Well, and was not he required to do all this
now? Lleie was no new duty required of hnn.
But, then, he was to issue the commissions of a
few justices ot the peace, a duty that would not
occupy two hours in a whole year. Well, what
next? Why the second section of the bill provi-
ded that the Solicitor General should in future be
placed under the Attorney General, instead of
being, as heretofore, subject to the Secretary of
the Treasury. Suppose he was: what additional
duty would this impose on the Attorney Geneial?
The Solicitor would go on to prepare bis nisiiuc-
tioiiLS to the district attorneys, as he had done
heretofore; and the whole routine would continue
without any material change. So that was no
ground for raising salary. The third section
transferred to him the duties now performed by
the Secretary of State in relation to patents. Mi.
B. understood the Commissioner of Patents to be
in the place of a bureau attached to the office of
the Secretary of State.
Mr. THultMAN here interposed, to say that
all patents issued to inventors were signed by the
Secretary of State; and then, in all cases of sus-
pended patents and caveats, where there were dis-
putes between different claimants, the question
had to be decided by a board, composed of the
Secretary of State, the Commissioner of Patents,
and the District Judge of the District of Columbia.
Mr. T. was going on, but—
Mr. DOWLIN claimed the floor. He admitted
all that; but what did it amount to? The signing
of patents—a heavy duty, indeed ! Gentlemen
seemed to be forced to result to mere trifles to swell
out this incicase of duties. He did not know the
amount of fees the attorney got for his attestations,
but he took it for granted they were large. And
as to the attendance on the patent board, Mr. I>.
did not suppose it occupied more than one day^ in
a month; and then here was an item of $2,000 a
year for a clerk, besides the allowance of a mes-
senger. Taking it altogether, the bill proposed an
addition to the piesent office of the Attorney Gen-
eral of not less than #4,500. .
The Attorney General oi Missouri got but froOO.
Mr. B. denounced this allowance of salaries by the
General Government so far beyond those paid for
similar duties in the States. Us tendency was to
draw away that love of the citizens from the State to
the General Government. But the gentleman from
Ohio fMi\ Vinton] proposed to add a proviso to
the bill prohibiting the Attorney General from pur-
cum0* any other occupation than the performance
of the duties of his office. What, then, would he
have to do? Veiy little. Mr. B. did not doubt
that he received more in fees than the afnount of
his salary.
Mr. RATHBUN inquired whether the Attorney
General of Missouri got fees in addition to his sal-
ary of $500 ? .
Mr. BOWLIN replied m the affirmative. Mr.
B. saw no reason for thus restricting the A ttorney
General from private practice-, nothing would so
greatly improve him as a law officer. It was the
interest of the public service that he should be kept
in active practice; and that was what the duties or
his office never would do.
On the whole, it seemed that these additional
duties, for which he was. to get some $4,500 more
than at present, amounted to little or nothing, tie
hoped the bill would not pass. #
Mr JONES, of Tennessee, obtained the floor,
but yielded it for a motion that the committee rise.
The motion was made by Mr. McDOWLJ-.L, ot
Ohio, and prevailed; and thereupon the committee
rose and repoi ted.
After the committee had risen—■
Mr. DOUGLASS moved a resolution to close
debate on the bill in one hour utter the same shall
be taken up to-morrow.
Pending the question on this resolution,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, July 23> 1846.
A message was received fiom the House of
Representatives, announcing that said IIouso had
passed a joint 1 (isolation regulating the man tier ot
procuring the printing of the two Houses of Con-
gress.
ARMY APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. LEWIS moved 'that a committee of confer-
ence on the part of the Senate be appointed by the
Chair, to confer with a like committee on the part
of the House of Representatives, in relation to the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses of Confess,
on ccrtain amendments to the army appropriation
bill; which motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT appointed Messrs. 1>enton,
Evans, and Lewis, as said committee on the part
of the Senate.
Subsequently, Mi. Lewis on his own motion,
was excused from serving on the committee, and
Ml. SliMi'i.K was appointed to the vacancy.
PETITIONS THE TARIFF.
Mr. CAMERON presented a memorial from
proprietors and workers of coal mines in Carbon
county, Pennsylvania, praying that the duty 011
coal may not be reduced.
Mr. C. also presented petitions from the free-
holders and inhabitants of Carbon and Luzerne
counties, Pennsylvania, remonstrating against the
passage of the bill reducing the duties on imports,
and for other purposes.
Mr. C. further presented a memorial of coal
meichants of Philadelphia, praying that the duty
on foreign coal may not be reduced.
Mr. C. also presented a memorial from ship-
pers and inspectors of Philadelphia, remonstrating
against any change in the present mode of collect-
ing the duties on imports.
Mr. C. still further presented the proceedings ol
a meeting of the citizens of Norristown, Pennsyl-
vania, protesting against any modification of the
tariff of 1842; which was read.
In presenting the above document, Mr. O. said,
these petitions were all from persons actually en-
gaged ill the business, and they fear the entire de-
struction of their business. In proof of what lie
hail said the other day, that these petitions were
from Democrats, he stated that every county from
which tliey had come had given a Democratic ma-
jority in 1844. To prove this further, lie gave 111
detail the Democratic majorities of the coal and
iron counties of Pennsylvania:
Rerks county gave Mr. Polk a majority of 4,678
Centre 
Columbia 
Clarion  |2b
Lycoming 
Monroe 
Northumberland   *  >'4,)
Northampton   w!
"Perrv 990
SchuylkUl  §47
Venango      "22
14,665
