1184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 23,
bo a dereliction from duty to refuse to vote for
§2.000. If with $1,500 we procure an insufficient
calibre of talent, we are actually squandering that
very money; paying it without any value received
to the public; we might as well cast it in the river.
The sole question ought to be, for what salary, as
a general rule, are we likely to obtain the grade
of capacity required to fill a given office. That
amount wc ought to vote for; not less, for that
would be false and miserable economy; not more,
for that would be wasteful extravagance.
No reference, in all this, ought to be had to the
individual; not a thought ought to be bestowed,
except upon the interest of the public service.
I heard, sir, some weeks since with regret, I say
oven with pain, a gentleman from Ohio near me
[Mr. Sawyer] propound, in this connexion, the
doctrine, that " to the victors belong the spoils."
In one sense, this axiom is strictly true; a conquer-
ing army has a right to the arms, equipage, bag-
gage, and all other spoils it may capture. But
before we can bring such a doctrine to bear on the
distribution of offices, we must prove, first, that
here are victors and vanquished; that the Demo-
cratic party and the Whig party are two hostile
annies, set over against each other in battle array;
and, secondly, that offices arc spoils.
Sir, for myself, I regard the two great parties of
this country, not as enemies, fighting for victory,
but as fiicnds, with a common object, the good of
their common country, though striving to reach
that object by different roads. Here are no victors;
here arc no vanquished. And as to the idea that
offices are spoils, it must first be proved that they
are property. But the gentleman from Ohio has him-
self, m the very speech to which I have referred,
furnished the best refutation of a position so utter-
ly fallacious. He has quoted, from a message of
President Jackson, the true doctrine in regard to
office. I read from the quotation as given in the
pamphlet speech of the gentleman, of which he
has kindly furnished me a copy:
u Office is consider™! as a f-pecjps of property; und Gov-
ernment rathei a< a means of promoting individual
than as ail instrument created solely for the seiviee of the
people."
And again:
" In a country where offices are created solely for the
benefit of the people, no one man has anymore intrinsic rigid
to o fficial station than another Offices were not established
to give support to particular men at the public expense.
No individual wrong therefore done by removal; since
neither appointment to or continuance in ofriee, its a matter
of right."
Office, says Jackson, is not property. How,
then, can offices be spoils? T protest, sir, against
this monstrous and corrupting doctrine. 1 hold
office to be a duty to be performed, not a perqui-
site to be scrambled for.
Mr. SAWYER (Mr. Owen yielding) asked
whether the gentleman from Indiana did not be-
lieve that the members of the party that happened
to be in power had a right to the offices to be dis-
tributed by that party.
Mr. OWEN. Sir, President Jackson has an-
swered that. With him I say, that no man or
body of men have any rights in the matter at all.
.Neither the Democratic party nor the Whig party,
let which will be in power, can set up any just
right, as of property, to the offices of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. SAWYER. Does not the gentleman con-
sider it right that an administration should appoint
its friends to office ?
Mr. OWEN. To important offices, certainly.
But not as a matter of right; as a matter of pru-
dence, if not necessity. You cannot expect to
carry out a certain policy through the agency of
its opponents. If the gentleman means to ask me
whether I consider it an ail-sufficient reason for
the removal of a man from an office, even the most
trivial, that lie is a Whig; I answer, at once, that
I do not.
Mr. SAWYER. I will ask the gentleman one
other question. Has he, since his election, recom-
mended a single Whig to office?
Mr. OWElV. But one single Whig has applied
tome for an office. I ascertained that there was
no vacancy in the office applied for; and wrote him
to that effect. (A laugh.)
I conclude, sir, with expressing a hope, that so
soon as this bill is disposed of, the chairman of the
Judiciary Committee will call up the bill reorgan-
izing the State Department.
Mr. STANTON replied and defended the bill.
Independently of the fact that additional duties
were imposed upon him by this bill, he argued that
he should receive an equal salary with that of the
other members of the cabinet; this was an addition-
al reason. He gave notice of an amendment, when
in order, providing that the bill shall take effect
from the commencement of the present fiscal year.
Mr. GORDON opposed the increase of salary,
on the ground that in the case of the present incum-
bent, as well as his predecessors, the requisite
talents were obtained, and could be obtained, at
the present salary.
Mr. W. W. CAMPBELL gave notice of an
amendment he should offer, and said a word in ex-
planation of its provisions.
Mr. THURMAN vindicated the committee in
its report of the bill. He inclined to vote for the
amendment restricting the Attorney General to the
discharge of his public duties. If it was so
amended, he should vote for the proposed increase
of his salary: otherwise, he should vote against it.
Mr. TIBBATTS indicated an amendment to be
offered when in order.
_ Mr. BOWLIN explained and defended the po-
sitions formerly taken by him.
Mr. HAMLIN replied to arguments advanced
in support of the bill, and argued that there was
no public reason for the proposed increase of sal-
ary.
The hour of one having arrived, the committee
proceeded to vote.
The pending question was on the following
amendment of Mr. Vinton; which was rejected:
Add to the 6th section: " And said Attorney General shall
not hereafter attend to or transact bus-mess as counsel or
attorney othei than for the United States: Provided, That
he may close such business as ho is now retained to attend
to."
The question then recurred on Mr. Gordon's
motion to strike out the 6th section.
Mr. SAWYER offered an amendment, which
was rejected, making the increased salary payable
after the 4th of March, 1849.
Mr. STANTON offered an amendment to the
6th section, making the increased salary payable
from the commencement of the presentfiscal year.
Rejected.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Gordok, which, by ayes 73, noes 53, was
agreed to.
So the 6th section was stricken out.
The question then was on agreeing to the sub-
stitute of Mr. Tibbatts.
Mr. THURMAN moved to amend the substitute
by inserting therein the third section of the original
bill. Rejected.
Mr. HOGE moved to amend the substitute by
striking out $2,000 as the salary of the chief clerk,
(in the fourth section,) and inserting §1,500.
The amendment, by ayes 76, noes 38, was agreed
to.
Mr. HAMLIN offered the following amend-
ment; which was rejected:
Strike out from the substitute the words "in addition to
the clerk now authorized by law to the Attorney General."
Mr. BOWLIN moved an amendment, striking
out the section which creates a board to investigate
indebtedness to the United States.
The amendment, by ayes 63, noes 54, was agreed
to.
Mr. THURMAN renewed his motion to include
in the substitute the third scction of the original
bill, changed so as to go into operation after the
30th of August next, instead of "from and after
the passage of the bill." Agreed to.
The substitute, of Mr. Tibbatts was then agreed
to.
On motion of Mr. HOGE, the committee rose
and reported the bill and amendments to the House.
And the question being on concurring in the
amendments, and on ordering the bill to a third
reading,
Mr. NORRIS moved the previous question;
which was seconded; when,
On motion of Mr. ROBERTS, the bill and the
amendments were laid on the table.
The House then again resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Brodi-iead, of Pennsylvania, in the chair.)
A struggle for business followed.
DEFENSIVE WORKS.
The result was, that, on motion of Mr. Seaman,
the committee took up the following bill:
A BILL making appropriations for certain defensive worka
of the United States for the fiscal year enduu? the thirtieth
day of June, one thousand eight hundred and forty-six.
Be it enacted by the Semite and House of Representatives
of the United Stakes of America in Qongress assembled} That
the following sums be, and they are hereby appropriated, to
be paid out of any unappropriated money m the treasury, for
the preservation, repair, and construction, of certain fortifi-
cations, for the fiscal yeai ending the thirtieth day of June,
one thousand eight hundred and forty-six.
For the purchase from the State of New York of the de-
fensive works on Staten Island, together with the land
bought by the State for the site of said works, with till the
material on anrl about them, and for repairs of «?aid works,
when the title of the State of New York shall have been
extinguished, one hundred thousand dollars: Provided, That
the Executive be, and he is hereby, authorized to dispose of
the site and materials of old Fort Gansevoort, and to apply
the proceeds of such sale to repair of the works on Staten
Island.
For the commencement of batteries on Sollers's Point
flat**, below Baltimore, thirty thousand dollars;
For the commencement of a fort at the entrance to Cum-
berland Sound, Georgia, twenty thousand dollars;
For the commencement of a fort on the east side of Dau-
phin Island, Mobile bay, Alabama, twenty thousand dol-
lars.
Mr* TIBBATTS moved to amend the bill by
striking out all after the enacting clause, and to
insert the following:
"That the President of the United States is hereby au-
thorized to suspend the expenditure of the appropriations
made by the act of the 15th May, 1846, making appropria-
tions for certain foi tifications of the United States for the
year ending on the 30th June, 18-47, until after the termina-
tion of the war with Mexico."
Mr. E. B. HOLMES moved an amendment ap-
propriating $30,000 for the commencement of de-
fensive works at the mouth of the Genesee river,
on Lake Ontario.
Mr. SEAMAN went into a speech explanatory
of the item of appropriation for works on Staten
Island, and the importance and necessity of the
purchase.
Mr. GILES followed in some remarks in expla-
nation of the appropriation for fortifications in
Maryland, and of the necessity thereof.
Mr. GRINNELL moved to amend the amend-
ment by inserting an appropriation of §48,000 for
the commencement of fortifications for the harbor
of New Bedford, in the State of Massachusetts.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of New York, addressed the
committee in further support of the appropriation
for the purchase of land at the Narrows. He re-
ferred to the purchase of that land in 1794, under
the recommendation of the judicious and far-sighted
George Clinton, who foresaw the rapid growth of
the city, and anticipated the necessity of early se-
curing points for its future defence. He referred
to the large sum which the State had expended in
the erection of fortifications on Staten Island, which
were now rapidly passing into a state of dilapida-
tion. He adverted to the deep interest of the whole
Union in the safety of the city. He dwelt on the
vast amount of her wealth and commerce, and ex-
pressed his regret and astonishment that such an
emporium should be left with so inadequate a de
fence. Tne only forts which in any degree com-
manded the Narrows were those of Fort Hamilton,
situated on a bluff on the shore of Long Island, and
Fort Lafayette, which was a water battery attached
to it below. On the Staten Island side of the Nar-
rows there was nothing but the rums of a fortifi-
cation, the situation of which his colleague had
already described.
The Legislature of New York were ready to sell
this site to the General Government, and to throw in
all the money which she had expended on that now
dilapidated fortress. She demanded from the Gen-
eral Government defence, and it was in a time of
peace alone that that defence could be properly
prepared. Soldiers might be readily and rapidly
collected in this country at any time, but fortifica-
tions were matters which would not rise at the
word of command and in the hour of necessity, but
must be slowly prepared beforehand—must be
deliberately planned and then erected in such a
manner as to allow them properly to settle. This
matter in respect to the fort on Staten Island had
now reachcd its crisis. The offer must be accepted
or it would be withdrawn. It had been long and
frequently repeated, and Congress must now say
ay or no.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL availed himself of this
opportunity to make some preparatory explana-
tions relating to an amendment which be proposed
hereafter to offer authorizing Chief Justice Taney
to settle the disputed question of the title to the
Pea Patch, in Delaware river. The various com-
plaints which gentlemen had made of the unde-
