1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1135
fended condition of their harbors reminded him of
the well-known fable of the mole, who, after hear-
ing the other animals murmuring against Jupiter
for their various natural defects, advised them to
consider hers, who was left without any sight at
all. The harbors of other cities might, in their
defences, be more or less defective, but Philadel-
phia had no defence at all. The Pea Patch was
situated on an island below the city eminently
fitted for the defence of the river, and nothing had
prevented it from being long since occupied by an
effective fortification but a dispute as to the title.
The State of Delaware had withdrawn her
claim, and a Mr. Gale, now the only remaining
claimant, had offered to submit to the arbitration
of the Chief Justice of the United States. The
offer had been acceded to by the Secretary of
War, and it now only remained for Congress to
give its sanction to the arrangement, and to take
the preliminary steps for the erection of the fortifi-
cation. The appropriation formerly proposed of
§500 to compensate Chief Justice Taney for the
labor of this award, Mr. I. was willing to with-
draw, and thus remove the only obstacle to a final
arrangement.
Amendments were indicated by Messrs. HUB-
BARD, of Connecticut, and HUWGERFORD.
Mr. H. briefly advocated his, which proposed
provision for the defence of Sackett's Harbor.
On motion, the committee rose and reported.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, asked leave to introduce
a resolution setting apart Monday next specially
for the consideration of the bill providing for the
construction of iron war steamers.
Objections were made.
Tlie SPEAKER (on leave) laid before the House
a communication from Major P. M. Butler, one of
the commissioners to the indians in Texas, &c.,
referring to animadversions made in the House of
Representatives upon the manner in which the ex-
penditures had been made by that mission, and
asking the appointment of a select committee to
inquire into them.
Mr. BURT asked leave to offer a resolution pro-
viding for the appointment of such committee.
Mr. KING, of New York, objecting—
Mr. B. moved a suspension of the rules for the
reception of the resolution.
Mr. HOGE asked the yeas and nays on this
motion.
Mr. CHAPMAN', of Alabama, moved to lay the
resolution on the table.
The SPEAKER declared the motion out of or-
der, the resolution not yet having been received.
Mr. BURT desired to state that if the committee
should be appointed, he should ask to be excused
from service thereon.
And pending the motion to suspend the rules,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, July 24, 1846.
The Journal having been read—
Mr. DIX. presented a memorial from druggists
and physicians of New York, asking that the duty
on leeches may not be increased; which was laid
on the table.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, reported back, without amend-
ment, House bills with the following titles:
An act for the relief of Patrick Iveily, senior, of
the county of Indiana, State of Pennsylvania.
An act for the relief of Patrick Masterson.
An act for the relief of Ebenezcr Conant, of the
county of Jefferson, State of New York.
An act for the relief of Lewis Laing.
An act granting a pension to Joseph Duncan.
An act for the relief of William Gump.
Mr. J. also asked that said committee be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the bill
for the relief of Samuel R. Reese, and that it be
referred to the Committee on Naval Aftairs; which
was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE,from theCommittee on Pensions,
reported back, without amendment, House bills
with the following titles, viz :
An act for the relief of Mary Phelps.
An act for the relief of Margaret Gwmnup, ot
Hamilton county, Ohio.
An aet for the relief of James Gee.
Mr. PENNYBACKER, from the Committee of
Claims, reported) without amendment, the I-Iouse
bill for the relief of John Carr, John Batty, and
Samuel Stevenson, seamen on board the whale-
ship Margaret.
THE PAYMENT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported back the House bill in relation to
the payment of claims, without amendment, recom-
mending its passage, and moving its immediate
consideration.
The motion to take up the above entitled bill
was agreed to; and the bill was considered as in
committee of the whole, reported back, without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
DUTIES ON JAVA COFFEE.
Mr. EVANS moved that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of the (House) "bill to repeal
{that part of the act of the 30th August, 1842,
{ which imposes a duty of 20 per centum ad valo-
{ rem on Java coffee, and to refund the discrimina-
' ting tonnage duties levied on Spanish vessels
' (excepting those from Cuba and Poito Rico) by
'the act of the 30th July, 1R39, and to prohibit
1 such duties hereafter;" which motion was agreed
to.
The Senate, as in committee of the whole, con-
sidered the bill, and adopted the following substi-
tute, reported from the Committee on Finance,
viz:
That from and after tlie pas-age of this act, coffee the
production oi growlli of tlie colonics ot dcpimdemu;- of
the Netherlands imported into the United State* from tin;
Notheilands, either m Dutch or Atneiiean ve->sol>>, shall bo
admitted free of duty; and much ol the act approved tho
lliiitieth day of Ausju^t, ei^tit* en lumdtcd and loiiy two, on
titled "An act to ptovidc revenue fiom import*, and to
change and inodny cM-tini? laws imposing duties on im-
ports, and tot other puiposes," su> is inuoiiMsteut herewith,
he, and the same is heieby, U'po tk>d.
 Sko. )2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Trea-uuy he, and lie hereby is, authorized and rcquncd
to lel'und and pay, out of <iuy money in the treaMiij not
otherwise appiopuated, to the M>veial persons oi parties
entitled to the i-ame, tlie amount of duties levied and col-
lected upon the importations of coil've m Ameucan vessels
fiom the Netherlands, tin; production or j*io\vth of the col-
onies or dependencies ol tin; Netherlands, between ihe thir-
tieth day ot Amju^t, eighteen hundred and fortv-two, and
the eleventh day of Septunber, « i htcen hundred and iorty-
iive. , ,
sj:c.3 Jlnd be it jut t/i cr eiuu te<1, That tlie Seerctaiy of the
Tua-uiv be, and he heiebj is, .uifhoi i/cd ami lequ.ted to
iclimd andpav, out of any nionej in the ticasur> not otner-
aviso appiopuated, to tin; poisons or parties severally enti-
tled to leeetve the >ame, the amount of d^crimmatmg ton-
nage duties heretofore levied and collected on Spanish
vessels coming from foreign countries (exccpt from Cuba
and Porto Rico) under the act approved the thirteenth any of
July, eighteen hundred and thiity two, entitled "An act
concerning tonnage duties on Spanish vesselsand from
and after the passage of this aet, no di&ciimmating tonnage
duties shall be levied on Spanish-ve^sels coming from for-
eign countries, except those coining from Cuba or Porto
llico.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, the
amendment was concurred in, the bill ordered to a
third reading, read a third time, and passed. The
title was amended, and passed as follows:
An aet to exempt coffee imported from tlte Netherlands
from duty in certain cases, and for other purposes.
MILITARY BOUNTY LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. ALLEN moved that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of the bill further to extend the
time for locating Virginia military land warrants,
and returning" surveys to the General Land Office;
which motion was agreed to.
The bill was considered as in committee of the
whole, reported back without amendment, ordered
to a third reading, read a third time, and passed.
LOST TREASURY NOTES.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, the Senate proceed-
ed as in committee of the whole, to the considera-
tion of the " bill to provide for the payment of the
evidences of public debt ill certain cases. "
Mr. E. moved an amendment to the bill, by the
addition of a section repealing the fifth section of
the " bill to authorize the issue of treasury notes,
and a loan," passed a few days since, which sec-
tion, Mr. E. said, provided imperfectly for the
same object which the bill is designed to accora-
^Tlie question was taken on the amendment, and
it was agreed to; the bill was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, the amendment concurred in, the
bill ordered to a third reading, and, by unanimous
consent, read a third time, and passed.
HARBOR AND RIVER APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. DIX moved that the Senate resume the con-
sideration of the harbor and river appropriation bill.
Mr. RUSK, expressed the hope that the bill au-
thorizing the President to increase the naval force
of the united States by adding thereto the naval
establishment of Texas, would be taken up and
disposed of.
Mr. WESTCOTT expressed a desire to get up
the bill for the admission of Iowa into the Union.
The question being first upon taking up the mo-
tion by Mr. Dix, the yeas and nays were taken,
and decided in the affirmative, by the following
vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Alien, Archer, Ashley, Atchison, Bar-
row. Benton, llernen, Breese, Bright, Cameron, Cass,
Cilley, John M. Clayton, Thomas Clayton, Corwin, Davis,
Dayton, Dickinson, Dix, Evans, Greene, Hannegan, Hunt-
mufron, Jaruagm, Johnson of Louisiana, Miller, Moiehcad,
Pearce, Phelps, temple, Simmons, Speight, Stuigcon, XJp-
ham, and VVoodbrulge—155.
NAYS—Messrs. Atherton, Kngby, Chalmers, Fairfield,
Houston, Lewis, JVTcDullie, Maiarum, Pennyhacker, Rusk,
Sevici,Turncy, We>tcolt, and Yulee—14.
The bill was then considered as in committee of
the whole.
The question being on the 4th amendment re-
ported by the committee,
Mi. "WESTCOTT moved to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the words " Secretary of
War," where they occur, and substituting the
words "President of the United States."
Considerable discussion took place on this mo-
tion, which was finally negatived.
The amendment of the Committee was then dis-
agreed to.
Mr. JARNAGIN submitted the following amend-
ment:
<  For the improvement and continuation of the canal
around the Muscle HlioriN, m the Tonnes-see aver, and re-
moving obstruction* m said livei above said shoals, $100,000,
to be expended under the direction ot the War Derail-
ment."
Upon the question on tlie adoption of this amend-
ment, Mr. J. demanded the yeas and nays; which
were oidered, and, being taken, resulted as fol-
lows:
YKAP— Messrs. Archer, Atehiwon, Barrow, Breese, Chal-
ineis, Crittenden, Hvans, lion-ton, Jainajjin, Johifeou of
Louisiana, Ku-k, Tnrnev, and Westeott—LI.
NAYS—Mes-is. Allen, A"-hle\. Atheiton, n,i«rby. Benton,
lhi"ht, c.is-, Cille\, John M.'cia.uon, Thomas Clayton,
Cofwm, Daw.*, Da} ton, Dukn^on, Dix, Fauticld, Cioene,
Hannegan, Haywood, Johnson of Mainland, LewK, Me-
Duffie, Mangum, Miller, Morehoad, Niles, Pearce, Vonny-
hacker, Phelps, Semple, Sevier, Speight, Sturgeon, Upham,
Woodhridge, and Yulee—38.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, submitted the
following amendment, which he advocated in a few
remarks, viz:
« For improvement of the navigation of the Sabine river,
and of the Inubor at its mouth, $10,000."
Mr. RUSK submitted the following amendments
to the amendment submitted by the gentleman from
Louisiana:
"For the survey and improvement of the harbor at Gal-
veston, in Texas, §10,000.
" For the survey and improvement of the channel to
Matagorda bay, in the State of Texan, $10,000."
The question being taken first upon the amend-
ment to the amendment, it was rejected.
The question recurring upon tlie original amend-
ment, it was rejected.
Mr. ARCHER submitted the following amend-
ment, which was rejected:
"For improving the haibor of Richmond to Bermuda
Hundred, $-15,000."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, submitted the
following amendment, which was rejected;
"For the improvement of the harbor at Port Pontchar-
train, Louisiana, $.r>,000."
Mr. JARjNA-GIN moved the following amend-
ment, viz:
Strike out the following:
" For the improvement of the Ohio river above the falls
" For the improvement of the Ohio river below the falls :it
Louisville, and of the Mississippi, Missouri, and Arkansas
1 For^emoviiift the raft of Red river, and for the improve-
ment of said river, $80,000."
Upon the adoption of this amendment the yeas
and nays were demanded; and, being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 13, nays 38, as follows:
YEAS—'Messrs. Atherton, Bagby, Berrien, Calhoun, Cil-
lev, Fairfield, Jarnasrm, Lewis, McDuffie, Pennybaeker,
Turney, Westcott, and Yulee—13.
