THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Cougsess, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JULY 29, 1848.
INDIANS IN TEXAS.
The following- letter having been laid before the J
House yesterday by the Speaker— :
To the honorable ihe Speaker and Members j
of the House of Re presented! ves :
On my arrival in this city last evening, I learned that the
amount expended by the eommkstoneis appointed by the
Pi evident to negotiate a treaty with tb« Cumuuebc and other
wild tnbes of Indians has? been tlie subject of animadversion
in both Houses of Congress. I desite' to avoid no re>ponsi-
bility for any act of mine, public or private- But I have a
r «ht to ask that the facts shall bo known before I am made
the aiib^ct of c<msure. Ttheicforo have the honor to te-
fpiest that the whole subject may be referred to a commit-
tee, with power to send for poisons and papers.
I am prepared to account tor every dollar which has
passed through my hands, and 1 hope also to show that my
expenditures wer« nec<.^aty and proper.
t have the honor to bo, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, P. M. BUTLER.
Washington, July 23,184r.
Mr. Burt (leave having been denied) had moved
a suspension of the rales to enable him to offer the
following resolution:
Resolved, That a committee of five member* be appointed
to inquire and report a* to the legality and propriety of tin-
expenditures of Messrs. Butler and Lewis, eomintNsioneis
to the Cumanehe and other Indian tribes; and that the com-
mittee have power to send tbi persons* and papets.
Pending which motion the House had adjourned.
The question therefore now recurred, "&hall the
rules be suspended'' for the purpose of tlic intro-
duction of the said resolution?
The SPEAKER huh! that when the question of
order was raised on the resolution lust evening, the
Chair had decided that it could not he entertained
without a suspension of the rules; hut on reflec-
tion, the Chair was of opinion that inasmuch as
the resolution contemplated only a motion which
was incident to the letter itself, then bcfoie the
House, it might be received without a suspension
of the rules. '
The resolution being thus before the I louse, and
the question being on its adopt ion,
Mr. BOWIilN asked the yeas and nnys; which
were ordered, and, being taken, resulted a* fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Thmingor,1hiy!y, ISedingei, Hell,
Rlanehard, Ooyd, ihmkerliotlj ISrodhcad, VVm. (*. Prown,
Bint, William W. Campbell, John H. Campbell, Clarke,
Cobb, Cranston, Oro'/.tcr, Cullom, Culver, Daniel, Garrett
I)avi«, DeMotf, Doekciy, Douglass, Dunlap, Foot, Garvin,
Giles, Graham, Gndur, Grinncll, Harper, Hillimd} J*)lins I?,
Holmes?, George S. Houston, Samuel D. Hubbard. Hunger-
ford, Hunter, Charles J. CngcrsoU, Joseph K. fiigorsoll,
Andrew Johnson, Kaufman, Daniel P. Km , Thomas Pot-
ter King, Leake, La Hero, Lewi*, Luuipkm, Mf-Clolland,
MeClerjiand, MeOonnoil, Joseph J. McDowell, lUellemy,
Unrkfey Martin, Pendleton, Pettit, Psllsbury, Pollock, Kiun-
sey, Jlclfe, Khoft, Koberts, Julius Iloekwell, Unnk.Sr am-
nion, Seaman, Severance, Alexander D. Rims, Leonard U.
fchms,Tiunmn Smith, Albert Smith, Caleb U. Smith, Hun-
ton, Starkweather, Stephens, St. John, Strohm, Thomas-
son. Benjamin Thompson, Jaeoh Thompt-on, Thurmtm,
Tibtmts, Tilden, Trod way,Tnmibo, Vinton, White, Wick,
Woodward, Woodworth, and Yoimg-W •
NAY??—Messrs, Stephen Adams, Powlm,(-hipmnn, Dai-
gan, Diorogoole, Ed^all,Kidman, Kiekhn, Ko-ter, Coodwar,
Gordon, Hamlin, Henley, John \V. Houston, Jas. P. Hunt,
Jenkins, James H. Johnson, George W. .lone?,, Seaborn
Jones, P. King. Lawrence, Long, MeOiean, MeCmurhoy,
Maivh, Moriw, Morse, Moselej, Norn-'. Parmh, ['helps,
Rathhun, Eeid, Uitter, Sawyei, Vance, Wheaton, and Wil-
liams— 38.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. BOWLIN, in connexion with the same
subject, and on leave given, offered the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the select committee, in the ex-
ecution of the commission under the resolution to
examine into the expenditures relative to the com-
missioners to the Cumanehe Indians, shall not send
for persons beyond the District of Columbia, but
in lieu thereof shall receive such affidavits as the
commissioners may procure to be taken, and certi-
fied by any judicial officer; nor shall said commit-
tee sit during the vacation between the two sessions
of Congress.
Mr. HOPKINS, remarking that this resolution
would in effect operate as a revocation of the origi-
nal resolution, moved the amendment which fol-
lows. The resolution which had been adopted
amounted to nothing at this late period of the ses-
sion unless authority was given to the committee
to sit during the recess;
72
Strike out the words, u nor shall said committee
sit during the vacation between the two sessions of
Congress,"
Mr. G. S, HOUSTON suggested to Mr. Bowitn
so to modify his resolution as to remove the restric-
tion which it imposed on the testimony to be taken,
and winch, if not modified, would operate to the pre-
judice of the Government, If this was not done,
he thought that the resolution should he voted
down, or that the vote adopting the original reso-
lution should be reconsidered.
Some conversation followed between Messrs. P.
KING, BURT, and HOPKINS, as to the powers
which the resolution conferred on the committee.
The SPEAK ICR, by consent, laid before the
House the following communication, which, the
Speaker said, he had juNt res cived:
To the honoi ,thle the Speaker
of the Uuiiseof Rrprewnlittircs:
!
! I have just learned tliat (Jovei noi Ihnler has made apph- ■
j cation for un investigation into the exjieudiUniM of our mis-
j sum to the, prune Imh.ms, in consequence oi some animnd-
veisions upon them in both Houses of Course -s. 1 Was 'j
absent when tlu> applu atnui u.h nmde. « r I would have
joined ?n it mo-t heattilv. I ho|H> i will hi1 inehid<id m it ^
now. 1 hvl tally prt p-ited to account lor and to ju-iifv the 'j
expenditure of eveiy dollar, (mm the beginnim; to tin* end j
ofthe minion, fts Inr ! :iiu eono-iiied. I
\Vitiurrea' ba^te, \onr obedmnt M'rvant, '■
Al. <i. r.FAVJS. I
After some exp'anaiinns and su'^r'^fions by .
Messrs. MeKAY, DROMUOOKK, and V>V\l'}\ \
A motion, wh'nh had licen intimated by Mr, !
I Ihtonnr.ai), to recmuider th(- v« te by winch the ;
j original resolution had la ui adopted, uune up. :
| The niv\ion,s (iit< stion \vi^ deinande.d aiul :>ee- ■
j onded.
j The main ijuestion wa^ nrdeivd, ami, la ing ta-
! ken, the vote Was reeon.ddert d. i1
| The question then recurring on the adoption of .
the said ort^iun! n.M (utioiu !
Mr. («. \V. .IONICS moved that the whole sub- i
jee( be laid i-n Ihe table, j
The (jiu's'tton inning boen tak'en and decided in |
the aiiirnialtve, j
Tlie whole subject wa.-> laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. MeCLKLLAKD, I
Ordered, That lca\e be given to whhdraw th«^ .
papers in the ease of Henry Disbrow. '
Mr, BOYD ro>e and asked have U> submit a .<
motion, to which, he said, he hoped thete ouM lie |
ito objection. The joint Vrsidutiou which had
passed boih Houses, providiii"; for the adjourn- .}
ment of Congress on Monday, the iOth day of'1
August, had not. specified the hour at which the '!
adjournment should take place. The result tui^ht J
probably be that the two 1 louses would remain in i
session all night. To obviate this state of things,
for which there was no sort of necessity, he would j1
move that, the hour at which the. two Houses,!
would adjourn :diouid be fu\!ct' meridinn. i
The motion (having taken the form of a joint j
resolution) was agreed to m-m. ion. ;
fiAVAL Pi:*VS10JN' j
Tlie SPFAKKR, by consent, laid before the j!
House a message from the Senate informing the 1
House that that body had passed the bill making 1
appropriations for naval pensions, with an amend-
ment appropriating ^,(100 for the payment of in-
valid pensioners, whu-.h, piior to l#44  had been <
paid from the privateer pension fund.
Mr. McKAY moved the icfercnee of the bill to 1
the Committee of the "Whole on the state of the /
Union,
Mr. KING, of Massachusetts, moved thot the j
House concur in the amendment of the Senate. i
The SPEAKER said that, inasmuch as the!;
amendment involved an appropriation, the bill
must be committed. h
Whereupon the bill was committed to the Com-
nuttee of the Whole on the state, of Union. ;
THE WAR WITH MEXICO.
Mr. J. It. INGERSOLL moved a suspension of ji
the rules, to enable him to offer the resolutions ;j
which he had yesterday ottered, but which were !]
not then received; and asked the yeas and nays on ,1
New Series....So. 72.
the motion, which were ordered: and, being taken,
resulted as follows:
VF.A8—Wewrp. Abbott, Arnold, Aslimuti, Blanrlmrd.
Biodhead, BiillmRtoii. W. W. Campbell, John II. Campbell,
Cranston, Crostior, L'iiIvit, Garrett Davis, Ilixon, Jolm H.
Ruing, Foot, f*iider, CJnimell, Hampton. Harper, Ililliard,
Kli.is U. Hoh )fs, Jolm W. Iloif.-ton, Annuel D. Hubbard,
Hudson, Joseph U. rnsrersoll, Dnnii'l P. Kmg, Thomas
Ktmx. Lewis, Lone, McUaughcv, Marnh. Pendleton, Pol-
lock, U oa^-uy, Puuik. iSeauiau, Soddon. Se\'naneo, Albert
Sinith, Cal-'l) 13. Bmttb, Stephens, F-tiohm, kes-\ Tbiho-
dcfuix, Thompson. Penpunn Thf iap>on, Tild.'n, Tnnnho,
Yance, Vmton, \Vlnte, Wuitlnop, Woodratf, and "\oung
N',\VR— Ftepla n Adams. Andt^on. Ha\ly,Bed-
ia er, !h*nton. James 1'taeU, James A. Kluck, Boulin,
PamkerJiolK \Yilbam (*. !'ro\wi, Hmt, Calhctirt, Chipiaan,
Clarke, Cobl), {"nllotii, <;nmtin«:bani, Dnni>'l, t'o Mott, 1>j1-
hngjiam, Douirhivs, liioni^oole, Dmilap. KJsrdl, l-b^oith,
Kelimm', l-'ieklin, Fnc.v. Gai\:n. (.'oo lve;n. Gordon. C!ra-
bfim. f-Jrover, Hiiinbn, Henlev, rtoi;e, Hopkins, Ocor^e S,
Tlou>hirt, Hdmnnd W. Dubntd, lluiure.ibrd, James 1L Hunt,
Cliailes J. Inr.'r^oH, Jonkie-, Jnnu-s II. Johnson, Andrew
jubiiNon. <1. W.Jotav, Seaborn Joar^, Kauim.m, Preston
King, T/iwicnec, Lesxkc, Ligon, Taunjuun, MacSav, Mc-
I'lcaa, Ah-t'leiucmd, iMe('t>nneli, jMct'rate, j. .1. McDowell,
iMellcarv. iWclvax. Uarklcv Maitm, Mouis, Morse, Noiu-',
Pars ^h,"PetriH, 'Peitit, Phelps, Pdl^bury, llathban, "Rod,
JUieU, fitter, Roberts, Snw>«a, Gammon, '\!u\;mdoi D.
Siai^. Lei.ji.ad Jf. Sims, Sinifv-on* Stanton, Starkweather,
S1 John, James Ti;oj«|>-.i</!, Jaeob Th<anp,-oa, 'i'lhbatts,
Tre«]\vav, Wcntworih, Wh- aton, \Yhk, \S iUi;tm-. Wood-
wait!, "Woodtvoith. :md Vo^t—9.">,
So the rule"? wore not vsuspended, and the reso-
lutions were  <" / received.
The SPKAlCl'Hl anoofmcod the regular order ol
Ineuness to be the call of the committees I'm* re-
ports.
Mr. SEAMAN moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union
The motion was rejected.
HIH'OUTS VKOM COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER proceeded to call the commit-
tees in their order for reports.
Air. CATUOAUT. from tfw* Committee on In-
dian Affairs, ?<> v. Inch wa< referred the bill fiom
the .Senate entitled '* An act. to allow Khjnh "White
adduiomd eonijicnsation for services and reim-
bursement of expenses incurred by him as acting
sub-agent of Indian affairs west of the Rocky
Mountains," reported the snmc without amend-
ment. Ordered to be commuted.
Mr. C,, also, from the same commiitce, reported
a hill fur the relief of certain Miami Indians: read
and enmmiUed-
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, to which was referred the resolution from the
Senate to authoii/.e the President to sanction an
agiax ment made between the Wyandot?; and Del-
awores for the pmc.hase of certain lands by the
former of tin latter tribe, of Indiana, reported the
same without amendment,ond with a recommenda-
tion that it _do not pass. The resolution was re-
■ j< Mr' ISAAC 13. HOLMES, from the Committee
on Naval Affairs, to which was referred the bill
fiom the Senate entitled 44 An act for the relief of
Thomas Brownell,*' repotted the same without
amendment, and with a recommendation that it do
not pass: and the hill was rejected.
Mr. JTACO}] THOMPSON, from the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, reported a joint resolution
to authorize, the Secretary of War to adjudicate the
claims of the Su-quah-nutch-at and other claims
of Choctaw Indians, whose cases were left unde-
termined by the commissioners for the want of the
township maps; which was read three times and
passed.
Mr. ISA AC 12. HOLMES, from the Committee
on Naval Ailhirs, reported, without amendment,
•Senate bilks of the following titles, viz: " An act,
for the n-Iief of Ebenryer Pallard;" <( An act. for
the relief of Harriet Ward;" and an net for the
relief of James Lowe. Ordered to be committed.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, from the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, to which was referred the bill
from the Senate entitled " An act for the relief of
the personal representatives of William A. Shcum,
deceased/' reported the same without amendment.
Ordered to be committed.
On motion of Mr. G. S. HOUSTON,
