1138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
Ordered, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be discharged from the consideration of
the petition of the "Board of County Commis-
sioners of Dubuque county, Iowa, for the reim-
bursement of certain sums of money," and that it
be laid upon the table.
Mr. J. R. ING-ERSOLL, from the Committee
of Ways and Means, to which was referred the
bill from the Senate, entitled "An act for the relief
of R. and B. Kidd," reported the same without
amendment. Ordered to be committed.
Mr. SAWYER, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to which was referred the bill from the
Senate, entitled "An act to authorize the trans-
portation of goods, wares and merchandise through
the Indian territories," reported the same without
amendment, and with a recommendation that itdo
not pass; which bill was rejected.
Mr. BENTON, from the same committee, to
which was referred the bill from the Senate, enti-
tled " An act to provide for the final settlement of
the accounts of John Crowell, late agent for the
Creek Indians,"reported the same with an amend-
ment. Ordered to be committed.
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported a bill for the benefit of the
Alabama, Florida, and Georgia Railroad Com-
pany; which was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
On motion of Mr. DROMGOOLE,
Ordered, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be discharged from the consideration of the
petitions of sundry citizens and societies in the
cities of Baltimore, Philadelphia, Boston, and New
York, remonstrating against any alteration in the
present tariff laws, ana that they be laid on the
table.
Mr. DANIEL, from the Committee of Claims,
reported, without amendment, Senate bills of the
following titles, viz:
An act for the relief of J. Throckmorton;
An act for the relief of Peter Yon Schmidt;
An act for the relief of Walter Lovaris and Abel
Gray.
Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL, from the same
committee, reported bills of the following titles,
viz:
A bill for the relief of Matthew Stewart;
A bill for the relief of B. O. Tayloe;
Accompanied by a leport in each case. Read
twice and committed.
Mr. LUMPKIN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which was referred the bill from the
Senate entitled "An act for the relief of Abraham
B. Fannin," reported the same without amendment.
Read three times and passed.
Mr. RATHBUN, from the same committee, re-
ported, without amendment, the following Senate
bill, which was read three times and passed: "An
act giving the assent of Congress to a change of
the compact entered into between the United States
and the State of Arkansas on her admission into
the Union."
Mr. GORDON, from the Committee of Claims,
made adverse repoits upon the petitions of Ruth
Freeman and of Harry Parke; laid upon the tabic.
Mr. CRANSTON, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to which was referred
the resolution from the Senate in favor of David
Shaw, reported the same without amendment. Or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. McHENRY, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, reported "A bill supple-
mentary to the act passed on the 20th day of Feb-
ruary, 1846, entitled i An act to enlarge the pow-
ers of the several Orphans' Courts held in and for
the District of Columbia.;'" read three times and
passed.
Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
Robert Roberts, accompanied by a report in wri-
ting: read twice and committed.
Mr. RATHBUN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported, without amendment, the fol-
lowing Senate bills, viz:
An act for the relief of Harriet L. Catchings.
An act for the relief of Richard S. Coxe.
An act for the relief of Peter Capella, and with
a recommendation that it do not pass; which bill
was rejected.
Ordered, That the two former be committed.
Mr. W. W. CAMPBELL, from the Joint Com-
mittee on the Library, to which was referred the
memorial of Mr. Catlin for the purchase of his
gallery of Indian collections of paintings, made a
report thereon, and recommended an amendment
to the bill of the House " To establish the Smith-
sonian institution for the increase and diffusion af
knowledge among men," providing for the pur-
chase of said gallery of Indian collections of paint-
ings ; which report was laid upon the table.
COMMUTATION FOR STATIONERY.
Mr. KING, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Accounts, reported the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That m lieu of all allowance for sta-
tionery except envelopes and envelope paper, and
ink, wafers, and sand for the desks in the Hall,
the Clerk of this House be directed to pay out of
the contingent fund to each member of the House
thirty dollars during the long session, and fifteen
dollars during the short session of each Congress;
this regulation to commence with the next Con-
gress.
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved that the resolution
be laid on the table.
On which motion no quorum voted.
Mr. McKAY asked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered; and, being taken, resulted as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. John Ciuirioy Adams, Stephen Adams,
Arnold, Bauimrer, Bayly, Bell, Benton, James Black, James
A. Black, Blaiiebard. Bowhn, Milton Biown, William G.
Brown, Buffington', Cathcart, Cbipman, Constable, Crozier,
Cullom, Cunningham, De Mott, Dixon, Dockcry, Douglass,
Dromgooie,Erdninn, Ficklxn, Foot., Garvin, Giles, Goodyear,
Gnrtei, Giovei, Hampton, Henley, Milliard, floye, John W.
Houston, Geoige S. Houston, Samuel [>. Hubbard, Hudson,
il un^erford, James B. Hunt, Chaile* J. Tnjrer-oll, Joseph B.
Inifertsoll, Geo. W. Jones*Seaboin Jones, Kaufman, Preston
King, Iitwtence, Leib, Lewis, Long, Lumpkin, McCler-
nand, McConneli, McGaughey, McHenrv, McKay, Marsh,
BaiMej M.urhi, Miller, Moms, Pauj-h, Pnynu, Pendleton,
Pcirill, Phelps, J'tlNhmy, Pollock, Painty, Keid, Rolfc,
Kifter, Roberts, Julius Rockwell, J. A. Rockwell. Sawyer,
Seddon, Sunp on, Albeit Smitn, Thomas Smith, Stark-
weuthci, Stephens, Sti'dim, £\kes, Benjamin Thompson,
James Thompson, Jacob Tliompr^on, Tibbatts Til den,
Tiumbo, Vance, Wheaton, Wiek, Wmthrop, Woodruff,
Woodward, Young, and Yo.it—100.
NAYS—Mo«is!. Abbott, A'Onnun, Boyd, Brinkerhoff.
Brodhcad, Bint, William W. Campbell, Claikc, Cobb,
Cranston, Culver, Daniel, Garrett Davis, Dillingham, Dun-
lap, John H. Evvingr, Gordon, Grinncli, Hamlin, Elias B.
Holmes, I. E. Holmes, Hopkins, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson,
Daniel P. Kinp, Thomas Butler King, Maelav. McClean,
McClelland, MoCiate, Jos. J. McDowell, James McDowell,
Moi-'e, Norn«. Rathbun, Sawtelle, Seveianeo, Leonaid H.
Sims 'I1- Smith, Thoina&.&on, Ticdway, Vinton, White,
Williams, and Wood—tr .
So the resolution was laid on the table.
Mr. BENTON moved a reconsideration of the
vote.
And the question being taken, the vote was not
reconsidered.
THE WAREHOUSING SYSTEM.
Mr. McCLELLAND, from the Committee on
Commerce, to which was referred the bill from the
Senate entitled "An act to amend an act entitled an
act to prov.ide revenue from imports, and to change
and modify existing laws imposing duties on im-
ports, and for other purposes,'' reported the same
with an amendment to the title of said bill, by
inserting after the word "act," when it first occurs
therein, the words "to establish a warehousing sys-
tem, and," so that the snid title will read," An act
to establish a warehousing system, and to amend
an act entitled an act to provide revenue from im-
ports, and to change and modify existing laws
imposing duties on imports, and for other pur-
poses;" which amendment was agreed to.
Mr. T. B. KING moved that the bill be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. McCLELLAND opposed the motion, and
expressed his desire that the bill remain on the
Speaker's table, that a majority might at any time
control it. If it went at this late period of the ses-
sion to the Committee of the "Whole on the state of
the Union, the probability was it would never come
out. This was probably the only bill that could be
passed. It was almost word for word the same as
that which had been introduced into the House by
the Committee on Commerce. The only material
difference was in relation to the limit as to the time
of wfcuehousmg; the goods.
He gave notice that he would call the bill up on
Monday, unless some good reason should be as-
signed for deferring its consideration beyond that
day. If the motion to commit should.be persisted
in, he would feel constrained to call for the yeas
and nays. - . - - '
Mr. WINTHRGP briefly sustained the motion
to commit, declaring himself in,favor of the prin-
ciple of the bill, but contending that a majority
would retain control over it by the usual means of
a resolution to terminate debate at & stated time.'
Some suggestions were made, the resuitof which
was, that
Mr. KING, of Georgia, modified his motion so
as to add that the bill be made the special order of
the day for Monday next.
Mr. DROMOOOLE adverted to the proper and
usual course of parliamentary proceeding in such
cases, and preferred that the House should first
decide whether the bill should be committed or
not.
Mr. I. E. HOLMES, referring to the impor-
tance of acting upon the bill at this session, de-
manded the previous question.
[The motion would cut off the motion to com-
mit.]
The demand for the previous question was with-
drawn for the moment, at the request of
Mr. McCLELLAND, who replied to the par-
liamentary objections of Mr. Dromgoole, and
stated that in the motion he (Mr. McC.) had sub-
mitted, he had only conformed to the instructions
of the Committee on .Commerce.
Mr. McC., in redemption of his pledge to that
effect, renewed the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
When, on motion of Mr. G. S. HOUSTON,
the further consideration of the bill was postponed
to Monday next.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR,
On motion of Mr. DANIEL, the House passed
to the regular orders of the day, being the consid-
eration of private business.
The following bills were read a third time and
passed:
A bill for the relief of Frances Martin;
A bill for the relief of Silas Waterman, of Ver-
mont;
A bill for the relief of Electia H. Holmes;
A bill for the relief of Gregory Thomas and
others.
The bills on the Speaker's table, on which the
question of engrossment was pending, having been
disposed of,
Mr. DANIEL, chairman of the Committee of
Churns, said he had come to the conclusion, from
information received from the chairman and mem-
bers of the Committee of Claims in the Senate, that
it was not likely that any bill of the House passed
at this late period would receive the action of the
Senate. He should not, therefore, after they went
into Committee of the Whole, insist upon calling
up any bill except those from the Senate. If any
gentleman, however, having the charge of any
private claim wished to bring it up at the risk of
its being lost in the Senate, he should interpose no
objection. He would further remark, that this
being a day when, under the rule, objections being
made to any bill threw it over, he would move the
suspension of that rule for to-day. The rule is as
follows:
(< On the first and fourth Friday of each month, the calen-
dar of'ptivafe bills shall bo called over, and the bids to the
passage of winch no objection shall then be made, shall be
first considered and disposed of."
Some conversation ensued between Messrs.
ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, and DANIEL.
The question being taken, the House refused to
suspend the rule.
The House then, on motion of Mr. DANIEL,
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole, (Mr.
HrNGERpoiu), of New York, in the chair,) for the
consideration of private bills.
The conversation was resumed by several gen-
tlemen as to the manner in which they should -
proceed. '
It was finally agreed that the calendar should be
called over in order from its commencement.
Many bills were objected to; but the following
were laid aside to be reported:
A joint resolution authorizing and directing the
examination and settlement of the claims of Alex-
ander M. Cumming.
A bill to increase the pension of Roswell Hale.
A bill for the relief of Joshua Shaw.
A bill for the relief of Frederick Hopkins.
