1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1139
A bill directing the mode of settling the claims
of Charles G. Ridgeley.
A bill for the relief of Josiah Haskell.
A bill for the relief of Alvin G. Goell, and for
other purposes.
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Pierre Menard. Josiah T. Betts, Jacob Feanian,
and Edmund Roberts, of the State of Illinois, sure-
ties of Felix St. Vrain, late Indian a^ent, deceased.
A bill for the relief of Job Hawkins.
A bill for the relief of Jacob L. Vance.
^ A bill for the relief of the heirs of John Whit-
sitt, deceased, late of Lafayette county, Missouri,
A resolution for the relief of William B. Stokes,
surviving partner of John N. C. Stockton & Com-
pany.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Tarlton Wood-
son, deceased.
A bill for the relief of William J. Price.
A bill for the relief of Joseph and Lindsey Ward,
of Wisconsin Territory.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Sergeant
Major John Champe.
A bill for the relief of Zachariah Simmons, of
the Slate of Tennessee.
A bill for the relief of Doctor Clark Lillybrid^e.
A bill for the relief ofW.P. S, Sanger amlGcory-e
F.De Roche.
A bill fur the relief of the heirs of Gen. Thomas
Sumter, late of South Carolina, deceased.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Lot Hall,
deceased.
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Thomas Shields, deceased.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of John Spcak-
man, deceased.
A bill authorizing the issue of patents to George
Ramey and Thomas E. January, for certain lands
entered in the county of fc>t. Loins, State of Mis-
souri.
A bill for the relief of Julius Ehh-cd, Kli.sha EI-
dred, and Francis E. Eldred, for expense* and
services in removing the copper roek from Luke
Superior.
A bill in relation to the Wyandot lands in the
State of Ohio.
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Converse, widow
of Josiah Converse.
A bill for the relief of Gforge U. Uusseli, and
others.
A bill for the relief of the le^ul representath os
of the late Joseph E. Primcuu and Thomas J.
Chapman.
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of James i L Clark.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Silas Duncan,
deceased.
A bill for the relief of Susan Brum.
A bill for the relief of Anna Gritfin, of the comity
of Wyoming, State of New Yoik.
A bill for the relief of Thomas Crown.
A bill for the relief of the heirw of Gassaway
Watkins, an oilicer of the Mary land Continental
line in the war of the Revolution.
A bill for the rdief of the widow and heirs of
John B. Chamlomn.
A bill for the relief of Isaac Guess.
A bill for the relief of William Causey.
A bill for the relief of Wilfred Knott.
A bill for the relief of Amos* Kendall.
A bill for the relief of James Williams.
A bill for the relief of Bernard O'jNVii.
A bill for the relief of Mrs. Pike, widow of the
late General Pike.
A resolution for the relief of Patney and Riddle.
A bill for the relief of John Pickett and others.
A joint resolution for the relief of the heirs of
Stephen Johnson, deceased.
A bill for the relief of the assignees of the late
Bank of Alexandria.
A bill for the relief of the administrators of Jo-
seph Edson, deceased, late maisiud of the disniet
of Vermont.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Hyacinth
Lassclle.
A bill for the relief of John A. Bryan.
A bill for the relief of David Myerle.
A joint resolution for the relief of Purser G. R.
Barry.
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Adams.
A bill for the relief of Thomas M. Newell.
A bill for the relief of Henry La Reiutree.
An act for the relief of John Keith, of New
York.
A bill for the relief of Harvey Reynolds.
A bill for the relief of Catharine Stevenson.
A bill for the relief of Edith Ramey.
A bill for the relief of Ann Clayton.
A bill granting a pension to Silas Chatficld.
A bill for the relief of John C. Stewart and
others.
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of John Lawson, deceased.
A bill to provide for the final settlement of the
accounts of John Spenctr, late receiver of public
moneys at Fort Wayne, Indiana.
A bill for the relief of benjamin Metoycr and
Francois Gaiemiie, deceased."
A bill for the relief of the widow of Elijah Brag-
don, deceased.
An art for the relief of Nathaniel Phillips.
A bill for the relief of Lewis C. Rartori.
A bill for the lelief of Janus H. Couley.
A bill for the rehef of William T. Walthall.
An ai't^rantiu^ a pension to Richard Eliot..
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Eiteh.
A bill for the relief of Thankful Reynolds.
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Calkins, the
widow of Silas Wman^.
A bill for the relief of Jonathan Hoyt.
A hilllbi the relief of John Van Nlvefc.
A bill for the rein f of I lam-urn Whitson.
A bill to piuvule for tin- final s-'tfhmeot of the
accounts (if John Crowell, Lite a^-tit for the Creek
Indiaiw.
A bill for the relief of Ebenc/er Ballard.
A bill for the rein I* of James Low.
A bill for the relief of Kicluud Kidd and Benja-
min Kuld.
A bill for the r$Ref ofl lenrv Ettiiur.
A bill foi the rein f of Harriet Ward.
A bill for the relief of Join) Jone.x, xmvivmg
pailner of John loin',", and ('lurlcs Stnuh r.
The committee tin n roru and repotted the waid
| bills,
| And the House adjourned.
IN SE.WTE.
S\ i run u , July 1*4(>.
Mr. ST I' K< \ EO N pr< snited a memorial <>f oper-
ntoiv!, projnieioi:1, iuium-:, and other nto'ens of
IV.ner Meadow, iVnnM S\,ou;i, j o ,i\he* th.U the
e\ iM ue^ dotiiw on fore ; l- o eo.il m.i) not b<- changed;
which was hiid on the (able.
Mr. S, also presented a petition of Joseph El-
liott, a soldier tti the Hi volun< nary urmv, praying
a pension; which was refmed to tin4 Committee
on Pensions.
jUr. OIX pre^enhd the pititmn of etti/.ens of
Eishl'ill Landing, I >utche w cotmfv. New York,
praying that the hill now pending m the S« uate m
redn< e the duties on unpoits ma) not be passed ;
which was hud on the table.
]\h. n. also pn\M nU-d a mcmou-d fioio 0t>^ citi-
zens of Ulstere«.init,y, N''W Y<>rK> pravnu; that the
tarilf "f 1S-W may not, be repealed; which was read
and laid on the table.
Air. CAM EUON presented four memorials of
citizens of Si'hnylkiil eounfv; a nnanotiMl ot' citi-
zens of Carbon, Lurerne. and Selmylkdl counties;
and a memorial of ciii/ens of l>. av< r Meadow, m
theStnteof Pennsylvania, eni^ed in the coal trade
and the various occupations connected with the
prosperity (if the same, praying that the tariif of
18U3 may not be repealed; which were laid on the
table.
Mr. C. nko presented the proceedings of a meet-
ing of citizens m IXmviHe, Pennsylvania. declaring
that any ehaie-v m the tariifo!* will prove fa-
tal fo the great interests of that State, nod recom-
mending the r< jction of the bill for reducing the
duties on impoits and for other purposes; which
were laid on the table.
Mr. IVlORETi EAP presented a petition of Amos
Calton, in behalf ot' David Whelpley, pvaynig
e^tra compensation for his sersicos in the Explo-
ring Expedition under General Pike in I$05 and
J&06: which was leferrcd to the Committee of
Claims.
[A message was received from the House of
Representatives announcing the action by said
House on sundry Senate bills.]
Mr. CORWJN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was agieed to:
Resolved* That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency anS
propriety of changing the time for holding the
winter term of the circuit and district courts of the
United States for the district of Ohio.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, reported, without amendment,
House bills with the following titles:
An act for the relief of Aquda Goodwin.
An act granting a pension to Abraham Ausman.
An act for the relief of Justin Jacobs.
An act for the relief of Suranus Cobb.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, reported, without amendment, the House
bill for the relief of John Campbell, of Garland, in
the State of Maine.
Mr. TTPH AM. from the Committee on Printing,
reported in favor of printing sundry memorials ill
rehuion to the "bill to reduce the duties on im-
ports;5' which report was concurred in.
The following resolution, submitted a few days
since bv' Mr. Johnson', of Maryland, was taken up
for consideration; and, after some remarks m op-
position to it by Mr. Cjuti'evoev, was, on motion
of Mr. R. Jounsoy, postponed until Monday:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be request-
ed to lepmt. to the Senate whether a court of in-
quiry or court-marthl has been ordered in relation
to the rcernt etdls for volunteers made by Major
General (htines whilst in command of the north-
western division of the United States army; and,
if so, report copies of any correspondence that may
lime been had between the department and suid
olfu er concerning the ordering of such court.
Mr. PENNYBAOKElt, pursuant to notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill for the
relief of I lobson Jones; which was read twice, and
r< ferred to the Committee of Chums.
The joint resolution passed yesterday by the
I fouxe of Representatives, fixing the hour at which
Congress shall adjourn on the 10th of August, at
twelve oVJoek lmndam, was taken up for consid-
Mr. LEWIS moved that it be laid upon the
tablr; which was disagreed to.
Mr. BENTON submitted a few remarks in its
favor; after which the question was taken on con-
atlii ma?i\e.
: ;\1 r. C \ss moved that the Senate proceed to the
; considerat.oil of the bill pnnidtng for the sale of
certain mineral lands; which motion svas not agreed
to,
tub tariff.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of
the bill to redaco the duties on imports, and for
other pui pu'-es."
Mr. WKISSTKR then rose and addressed the
Senate in opposition to the bill. After some length-
ened iniroductoiy remarks, he proceeded to ex-
amine the lull —
I'Vstly, in the effect of the ad valorem principle
on the iwenue of die country, as a measure levy-
in ir all duties ad valorem;
Secondly* in its eifeetn on certain interests here-
tofore supposed to he protected by former laws;
Thirdly, in its effects upon the navigation and
commcteml interests of the country; and
Fourthly* in iis tfleets on the general industry,
employment and laWn of the country.
Mi. W. occupied the greater part of the time
dining which he addicted the Senate to-day in
dNeu-^mg the first two branches of his subject.
JTe dwelt at great length on the effcct of the hill on
the iron and coal trade, and strenuously contended
that the measure would be entirely destructive of
those interests,
At four o'clock, without concluding, Mr. Web-
stkr gave way to a motion by Mr. R. JOHNSON,
that the Senate adjourn.
Mi. LEWIS demanded the yeas and nays upon
the motion; which were ordered, and, being taken,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 26—as follows;
YE AS—Me^rs. Archer, Benton, TWrien, Cameron, Cit-
1"V. Thom.io Clayton. Oorwitt, Cnttend*>n, Davis, J)?ij ton,
Evans, Greene, fhnitsngton, Jarnaum, Johnson of Lom-i-
:vta. Johnson of Manhunt, Manywin, MiHer, Morehead,
Nile*, Pence, Phelps ^unmoir-, Sturgeon, Upham, Web-
•Her, .ind Woodbratee—27.
NAYS—Allen, Ashley, Afehi-on. Atherton, Bag-
by, ISree^p, Bright,Calhoun, Ca-c, Chalmers, Colquitt, Dick-
ni^on, I)u; P«urfjx\<l. Hanneuau. Houston. Lewis, Mr-Dufiie,
Penn.> backer, lUek, Seinyte, bcvicr. Speight, Turney, \Ves-
cc-ir, Yuiee—2<5-
The Senate thereupon adjourned,
