1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1141
IF SENATE.
Monday, My 27, 1846.
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate the fol-
lowing letter from Mr, Willi am H. Haywood:
"Washington City, My 25,1846.
I hereby respectfully resign my seat in the Sen-
ate as one of tne Senators from North Carolina.
I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,
WM, H. HAYWOOD, Jk.
Mr. WEBSTER said that as the other Senator
from North Carolina [Mr. Mangum] was not in
his seat, he would move that the President of the
Senate be requested to transmit notice of the resig-
nation to the Governor of the State of North Caro-
lina.
Mr. CALHOUN said that he did not know
what had been the practice in such cased, but he
took it for granted that the Senator had communi-
cated his resignation to the Governor. He had no
•doubt done his duty; and in his (Mr. <Vs) judg-
ment it was rather irregular to go on the supposi-
tion that he had not done his duty.
^ Mr. BEIUUEN remarked that if he rccollectcd
right the resignation of a seat in that body could
be regularly made only to the President of the Sen-
ate. He thought that noticcs of resignation were
usually followed by such a resolution as that
offered by the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. CALHOUN said it was not a matter of
much importance, but it was always best to do
things in order.
The PRESIDENT then stated, that in the two
most recent cases of resignation—that of Mr.
Franklin Pearcc and Mr. Samuel Prentice—the
President of the Senate was, on motion, autho-
rized to notify the Executive of the States of the
resignation of the Senator,
The motion was then adopted.
Mr. CAMERON presented the proceeding of
a meeting of Democratic citizens residing in (ho
valley of Wyoming, Pennsylvania, expressing
their entire opposition to any alteration of the tarilT
act of 1842; the motion to print which was referred
to the Printing Committee.
In presenting the above, Mr. C. saiil that lie had
presented ninny petitions and memorial* from the
laborers in the coal mines, and ni the iron estab-
lishments of his Slate. This voice came from a
different quarter. The panic of which gentlemen
spoke the other da$r has passed over the moun-
tains, and rcached the peaceful valley of Wyo-
ming. The gentlemen who took part in' the meeting
were, many of them, men retired from business,
who had no interest in the question, except that
which every good man has in the prosperity of
those around, him. The President of the meeting,
Mr. Hollcnback, was the son of one of the early
settlers of the valley. He was a Democrat, hon-
ored and respected by ail around him. General
Ross, one of the Vice Presidents, was a son of one
of the early defenders of the soil which the son
inherits, whose youthful blood was freely spilled
in achieving our liberties; and he is a man so pure
that no one dare assail him. .Tud o Kidder, an-
other of them, is a man of learning, who for hi*
virtues was exalted to the head of one of our judi-
cial districts. AU of them are men adinhed and
beloved in their neighborhood; and all of them
have been honored with public trust by the Dem-
ocratic party, Wilkesbarre is the residence of
Hendrlx B. Wright, the President of the Baltimore
Convention, of which so much has been said here
in connexion with the passage of this bill. Mr.
Wright took part in the meeting, made a speech,
and united fully in the proceedings. His democ-
racy certainly will not be doubled, while all men
admit the efficient part he took in the Baltimore
Convention. These proceedings tell you plainly
that the nominees of the party could not have suc-
ceeded in 1844 if it had not been believed they
would be friendly to the labor and industry of the
country. They tell you, too, in plain language,
that the vote of Pennsylvania would not have been
given to them without this belief. They tell you,
tool of the danger of arousing the indignation of
the Democracy of that great State. He repeated,
that he wished Senators to listen to this voice from
the Democracy of the North.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr.FAIRFIELD, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, submitted an adverse report upon the peti-
tion of William A. Howard, which was ordered to
be printed.
At ronsulrred as in
i-!"d to the Sen.Ue
to a third muling
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Commerce, re-
ported, without amendment, the (House) bill for
the relief of John Chasscaud, United States consul
for Syria and Palestine, and moved that the Senate
proceed to its immediate consideration; which was
agreed to.
The bill, therefore, was considered as in commit-
tee of the whole, reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a third
time, and passed.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, asked to he discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of Joseph Kennedy;
also, from the further consideration of the peti-
tion of Lawrence Taliaferro; which request was
granted.
The following; bills, from the House of Repre-
sentatives, were read twice and referied:
An act for !he relief of Jljisha H. Holmes: re-
ferred to the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Olliee.
An act for the relief of the le-al lepu-M-ntatives
of Thomas A'luiray, jr.; lefeaed to lite Committee
on Indian Allans.
An act for the. relief of Silas Waterman, of the
county of Washington,  St«te of Vermont: referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
An act for the relief of Uiceory Thompson and
others: refened to the Committee of Claims.
An act supplementary to the act passed on the
20th of Kttbriuiry, lttHi, entitled '*An art to enlarge
the powers of the sou-nd Orphans* Courts held in
and for the. District, of Columbia; referied lo the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
The joint resolution from the House,authorizing
the Seeietary of War to adpulieate the claims of
the jLu-<juan-n«itch-nh and other claims of ("hoetaw
Indians, whoso eases ate lei"* undetermined by the
commissioners for the wantofihe township maps,
was read twice; when *
Mr. SPKIU I IT submitted a lew remarks in ex-
planation of the joint resolution, and asked its im-
mediate considemuon.
The joint u subitum was t
committee of the whole, rei
without amendment, ordend
read a thud time, nnd pas^d.
The Senate lull tor the nhef of the Ir^al repre-
sentative* of Plei re Menard, Joaiah T. Uetls, Jacob
Kearmnn, and Falward Roberts, of the Stale of Illi-
nois, sureties of hViix St. Yraiu, into Indian n-^etU,
deceased, which had been returned from the House
of Representatives with an amendment, was uda-n
up for consideration, and the amendment concur-
red in.
The Senate bill for the relief of John Keith, of
New Yoik, which had been lemrned from the
House of Representatives with an amendment, was
considered, and the. amendment cnmuirri d in.
COMMITTER OX roMMKKTE.
Mr. SKVnCR moved that Mr, Din U appointed
chairman of the Committee on Commence, m the
place of Mr, Havwooo, resigned, and that the
Chair fill the vacancy occasioned in the. committee;
which motion was agreed to.
The PRKSiDJiNT apposed Mr. fYsxjr-
backjbr,
THE SPECIAL OIUMMl.
The Senate then, as in committee of the whole, ;
resumed the consideration of the. special order, the ;
bill to reduce, &o. j
Mr. WKUSTER took occasion to say that it ;
was a circumstance, a good deal characteristic of '
the state of things in which they now found them- -
selves placed, and strongly indi< afi\e of the ab-j
sorbin^ inU lest whi«*h sunvmuhd this question, !
that he had not the honor to-day to address a full '
Senate. Since the commencement of his obsei ca-
tions on Saturday an honorable member of the
Senate from one of the Southern States had vacated !
his seat in that body. They would probably soon ,
hear from that gentleman himself the reasons i
which led him to leave a position to which he ,
seemed to be attached. He wos not otherwise
acquainted with those reasons than as hegaiheied
them from the very extraoidinary publication in
the Government paper of Saturday evening-. He
interred fro ni that publication that the honorable
member left his seat from an inability to support
the measures of the Administration now before
them without violating: his conscience, and from
great unwillingness to disoblige his party and polit-
ical friends by voting against them. As that gen-
tleman was gone, he might speak of him, and in
doing so he could not speak of him otherwise than
as a man of character and standing, as a man of
learning and attainments, of groat courtesy, of
unsurpassed intelligence and attention in the dis-
charge of his public duties, and, as they all knew,
(as far as they might judge of his course there,)
the unfaltering and consistent friend of the present
Administration.
Now, sir, (continued Mr. Webster,) I am
ashamed of my country when I see a gentleman
of this character hunted, abused, defamed, accord-
ing to the degree of abuse and defamation which
some writer for the Government, in the paper of
the Government, sees fit to pour out against this
retiring member. It is a disgrace to the civiliza-
tion of the age, itis a disgrace to this Government,
it is a disgrace to the American people.
Another circumstance not unworthy of notice I
will advert to before f proceed to the few remain-
ing uh>ervations which 1 intend to submit. If we
may behe\c the current intelligence of the day, the
Government is now in possession of official and
authentic information that an extraordinary and
vigorous effort is making throughout the whole
Republic of Mexico to sustain her m the war now
eanied on against her by the United^ Stales. I
suppose that the Government is now informed that
General Puavo is appointed President ad Intciim,
and that Paredcs, with such forces as he can col-
lect, is marching to the north; and that there is a
spirit of united action and general contribution to
the purposes which they call defences ot their
country, such as was never manifested before.
Churches, provinces, and individuals, are contrib-
uting in a manner hitherto unknown m Mexico
sinee ihe time of her Revolution. I suppose, I say,
that the Government is in possession of this intel-
ligence, how well founded I know not; but they
ha\e the information I have no doubt, and the im- ^
portauee of it is, that this state of things furnishes
quite a new reason why we should do nothing to
disturb the ju.-*t expectations of revenue or dimin-
ish the necps.sary income of the Government.
Mr. W. then resumed and concluded his argu-
ment in opposition to the bill. Instead, however,
of mown-; to postpone the consideration of it till
the next session, lie moved to nntend the bill in its
ninth sectmu bv striking out the hater pair, of the
ninth section, w Inch reads as follows:
" And ?meh enlleetnr shall causa smell goods to be sold at
pubhe miction, within twenty duva from thu time, ot' taking
liif in tin: maimer prescribed hy law for the sale of un-
claimed trooit-*; and the proceedsofsuch sale shall be placed
torthwuh into the treasury ot the United tUatu-.; and such
cuHcMor is hereby nuthore/.ed to pay out of the accruing
u-veiuie {«> the <>v\ma, importer, u>nM«m",3 or a«ent ot the
mi taken, the value theieof as dcelated m tlie entiy,
and ii\<* pi r rmnim upon t-ueh amount m addition thereto;
and the ..ah! «*< !h t*u>r flmll render to the Becicuey of the
TreaMirv, with hi" aeeoiu<ts of the custom*, a statement
the amount of money an paid, the <m ount of (timed
ehioaejibh' <<n the 5<>tvd-, ko taken, and the amount of pro-
e. ed* t'jod into fht1 uvaMirv ; and tins -'eehon shall be m
feid' until thvs Iki of Jul>, iVls, unless otherwise duteted
hy (Vug,i j.*.'*
lie followed this motion hy some observations
exposing the impoieney of this provision in the
bill, which, while it availed to repeal the penal
provisions of the present law which forfeit the
^oods in the case of fraudulent entry, left the
fraudulent importer free from all penalty and se-
cured him the full amount at which he had valued
his importations, with a five per cent, additional
to cover In-? expenses.
Mr, LFCWfS contended that this provision of
the bill was an exact transcript of the Biitish law,
with the exception that, under the British law, 10
per cent, in addition to the valuation was to be
refunded to the importer, and only five per cent,
under this bill. It would be perceived that it \vras
but an additional means put into the hands of the
Secretary of the Treasury to punish fraudulent
importers.
Mr. 0 lUTTENDEN said he thought there
must have been an error committed by the framers
of the bill in the use of the word " with'* in place
of the word "without" in the ninth section, in
connexion with an intention to defraud the revenue;
for ho. could hardly suppose it to be intended to
pumsh an intended fraud upon the revenue by
paying the importer who attempted to commit the
fraud his valuation of the (roods and five percent,
upon that valuation in addition. This would be a
very singular sort of punishment.
iVfr. JARNAG1N said another reason why it
appeared to him that there must be some mistake
