1142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
was, that in the eighth section a penalty was en-
acted against undervaluation, and chat penalty was j
an additional duty of 20 per cent. But why enact
this penalty if, in the very next section, a person
undervaluing his goods should be entitled to re-
ceive from the Government five per cent, in addi-
tion to his valuation? What was to become of the
revenue under such an enactment as that? If an
importer contemplated committing a fraud upon
the revenue, he ought to forfeit the whole of his
goods; but, instead of that, here was a direct en-
couragement held out for the perpetration of fraud.
Such a provision as that was, in his opinion, highly
objectionable.
Mr. McDUFFIE defended the clause. It did
not, in the least, he said, interfere with existing
provisions of the law upon the same subject. It
was only an additional remedy, or an additional
security, against frauds; and he thought it was a
very wise and salutary provision. It was not to
be employed in all cases, but only in those in which
the Secretary of the Treasury was consulted, and
in which he believed it advantageous to the United
States that the goods should be taken. Suppose a
case where an importer invoiced his goods fifty per
cent, below value. The Government, by taking
the goods and selling them, though they were to j
pay the importer five per cent, upon them, would
still be a gainer of forty-five per cent. Tins would
not only secure the revenue, but would tend greatly
to increase it. The provision embraced in the ninth
section was intended, however, to apply to partic-
ular cases, and not generally. The law in other
respects would remain as at present.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said he had very little
anxiety about the amendment now proposed, or
any other amendment; but he thought that the
honorable Senator from South Carolina, upon more
mature reflection, would find that he was mistaken
as to rhe meaning of the bill, and as to the objects
sought to be accomplished. The honorable Sena-
tor seemed to suppose that the Government, by
taking the goods at the importer's valuation, and
giving five per cent., in addition thereto, would
make money by the transaction; but the Senator
would find that it was a mistake.
Under every other bill that was ever passed for
the collection of revenue, goods that were attempted
to be fraudulently entered were forfeited. It could
not be the intention of the Government to give up
the right to the whole of the goods. The meaning
of the provision, he thought, must certainly be per-
verted, by substituting the word " with" m place
of " without." TheEnglisn law contained a pro-
vision that when goods were undervalued without
the intention to commit a fraud, the goods might
be seized and the valuation paid; and, in attempt-
ing to follow that as a model, lie supposed they
must have produced the confusion which here ex-
isted, by using the expression u with intention to
defraud the revenue," instead of " without the
intention," &c. As it stood, it was clearly repug-
nant and contradictory to other provisions of law.
But, as he had said, he was not solicitous about
amendments; he was opposed to the whole meas-
ure, and to jsvery part of it; and he wanted no
mixed or divided responsibility about it. He
wanted the friends of this bill, if they were de-
termined to pass it, to pass it in such shape as
suited themselves, and take the whole icsponsi-
bdity. He wanted to have no hand in it. He
wanted no Whig mark or dot upon it, from one
end of the bill to the other. He did not intend
even to go into a discussion of the questions in-
volved in this bill, either as to the destruction of
the system of affording protection to American
labor, or as to the decrease of the revenue at a time
when the utmost amount that could be obtained
was required by the Government. He did not
intend to go into these subjects; they were in the
hands of those who were more competent to do
them justice. He had only to say, that if gentle-
men on the other side were determined to pull
down this great fabric by which American indus-
try was fostered and sustained—if they were de-
termined to pull it down upon their own heads,
they had, no doubt, the strength to do it, as Samson
had to pull down the temple of the Philistines; and
the result would be the same to them as it was to
Samson. These were considerations for gentle-
men on the other side, and he was willing to leave
them to their consideration. The whole thing was
wrong, from beginning to end; yet he was so re-
luctant to put his hand to it, that he did not know
that he would vote even for this amendment. He
wanted to have nothing \o do with the bill, except
the plain unequivocal act of opposition. He neither
wished to patch it, nor to incur any responsibility
in regard to it.
Mr. LEWIS said they were very willing on his
side of the Chamber to take all the responsibility.
The two sections which had just been so much
the subject of animadversion had been faithfully
copied from English statutes. A more tyrannical
code of laws than those which existed in this
country in relation to the custom-house, he be-
lieved," had never been enacted. The law was
most severe and oppressive against importers.
Believing that the fate of the bill, in a great meas-
ure, depended upon keeping it precisely as it was,
he was utterly opposed to all amendments.
Mr. PENXYBAOKEP differed with the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts in one particular. If the
Senator would take the trouble to examine the
English acts in relation to the customs, lie would
find that the forfeiture of all the goods .took place jj
only where the importer had sworn falsely to the
valuation.
Mr. WEBSTER. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him whether, if & certain offence
were described, and an act passed imposing a cer-
tain penalty, whether by forfeiture or otherwise,
and another act were passed purporting to cover
the whole ground, and enacting a penalty, either
in personam or by pecuniary mulct, the first act
was not abrogated by the latter?
Mr. PENNYBACKER. This scction enacts
a penalty against the person who attempts to foist
upon the custom-house a false invoice. It docs
not propose to declare it a criminal offence. The
construction given to it by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts is not the proper one.
Mr. WEBSTER. J ask the Senator to read
the last part of the seventeenth section of the ex-
isting law. He will find that the same offence is
there provided for.
Mr. PENNYBACKER read the clause, and
continued to contend that the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts had not given it the proper construction.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, said that, what-
ever doubt there might have been as to the pur-
poses of this law, he thought it was apparent now
that it had been submitted precisely in the form
in which it was intended that it should be; for he
took for granted that the chairman of the Committee
on Finance understood the purposes of those who
prepared the bill. The object of the provision
which was now the subject of the proposed amend-
ment was, according'to the honorable Senator
from Alabama, to get rid of the tyrannical pro-
visions to be found in the whole system of the
revenue laws. But he was quite sure that the hon-
orable Senator had not attended to the phraseology
of the section, because he thought that honorable
Senator would be the last man in the Senate to say
that there was anything tyrannical in declaring
that no frauds should be committed upon the rev-
enue of the United States. The error into which j
the Senator had fallen was in supposing that there |
was any analogy between this clause and the pro- I
visions of the act of 3d and 4th William 4th. He j
was sure the honorable chairman must see that
this clause had nothing to do with false valuation.
Mr. BENTON. I did not wish to vote upon
any clause of amendment to this bill. I intend to
vote for it on the single ground of overturning the ;
act of 1842. I did not wish to go into the business
of amendment. Amendment implies the exercise
of judgment, consideration, and deliberation; and
the time and circumstances do not admit of these
requisites of legislation. I hope there will be no
more motions to amend; but, this motion being
made, I am forced to vote upon it, and must give
my reasons for the vote. The motion is to strike
I out the sections which authorize the Government
to constitute itself the purchaser of the importation.
This is not a new question tu me; it is not the first
time I have thought or talked about it. At least
six months ago, in a conversation with the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means of the
House of Representatives, [Mr. McKay,] I men-
tioned the British practice of taking the importa-
tion at the invoice price, as an objection to the ad
valorem system. I objected to the system, and
mentioned this identical practice of the British
Government as an incident of the system, and one
not suitable to the genius of our Government, or
perhaps consistent with our Constitution. In Great
Britain it was found, upon experience, that ad va-
lorems, even to the limited extent there used, were
so subject to fraud, and to frauds which could not
be proved, that it was necessary to have recourse,
in addition to all other penalties, to the extraordi-
nary remedy of converting the Government into a
merchant, and taking the goods on its own account.
But it was not in the case of flagrant fraud—of
proveable fraud—but in an equivocal case—a case
where fraud could be established in a court of jus-
tice. In that case, the Government, shutting its
eyes upon the 'fiaud, but willing to deprive the
fraudulent importer of his undue gains, treats him
as an honest man—takes his goods at his own
price—and allows him the usual mercantile profit
of ten per cent. This is fair and intelligible, and
our act was evidently intended to be copied from
it. It was evidently intended to make the Ameri-
can act conformable to the British act, but with a
total misconception of the British act. Our bill
differs from the British in being applicable to frau-
dulent, instead of innocent importations; and it
differs from it in not giving the importer his fair
mercantile profit. In this our bill is contradictory
and incomprehensible. The British take the goods
and pqy the price, and add ten per cent, profit, on
the ground of an innocent undervaluation; in the
case of a fraudulent importation, the importer is
punished by the loss of his goods and other penal-
ties; and this has been the case from the time of
the patriarchs to the present day. Fraud was
never before rewarded, except by this bill. I un-
dertake to say it is the first bill which rewards
fraud which has been seen in the annals of human
legislation. The section in our bill, therefore,
differs from the British in the great feature of ap-
plication to fraudulent importations; it also differs
from-it in the measure of per centum allowed to the
importer. The British act allows'ten per cent.,
because that is the usual English profit on a fair
importation. They therefore take the importer's
goods at his own price, and at the established
profit. That is treating him as a fair merchant,
and carrying out the idea of the act. But our act
allows only five per cent., and that not only differ-
ent from the British act, but from the reason of it,
and, in fact, is founded in no reason. Five per
cent., is not our mercantile profit, but about twelve-
and-a-half. If, therefore, the importation is con-
sidered fair, as in Great Britain, the usual profit,
in addition to the price, shoukl be paid. But our
bill froes upon the idea of fraud. It is for intention
to defraud that the goods may be taken for Gov-
ernment use. And now, upon what principle can
five per cent., or any percent., be given on a fraud?
By all our custom-house laws—by the laws of the
world, from the time of the patriarchs to the pres-
ent day—fraud is a crime punishable by fines and
foifeitures; by no human legislation was fraud
ever before rewarded. This bill*gjves back the
whole amount of the fraud, and then gives five per
cent, profit on that amount! This is incompre-
hensible—inconsequential—preposterous. It can
only result from copying the substance of the Brit-
ish act without understanding it; and then, think-
ing ten per cent, rather a high premium on fraud,
our bill reduces it to five. Why, sir, in the case
of fraud, the British system forfeits the whole im-
poVtation: and that is reasonable, and so have our
acts always done. Our laws always forfeit for
fraud, but this act rewards!
And now, upon what principle can our bill pro-
pose to give five per cent.? Only upon the prin-
ciple of an honest importation can anything be
allowed, and then it should be the usual profit, as
in Great Britain. But, as a profit, five per cent,
is a robbery of the merchant: it defrauds him out
of seven-and-a-half per cent. As a fraudulent im-
i portation, as the bill declares it to be, it is a pre-
,{ mium oil fraud: it is an encouragement to crime!
i: It is a vice and folly in legislation, of which there
| is no example in the annals of human legislation.
!j But if it was a copy of the British act, I should
;; still be opposed to it. The British Parliament can
:! do what we cannot: it is omnipotent—we are lim-
. ited. It may take the subject's property in what
cases it pleases, and pay him for it. I go upon
[j the ground of paying his price and profits. We
} can only take the citizen's property in a specfiied
:' case—that of its necessity to the public service, as
; a piece of ground for a fort. We then take the
M property, and make compensatio
!i But this is not a case of that kind. This is a
i! dry-goods and grocery business, not to save the
