mm.-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1143
existence of the Government, but to make money.
We take the goods/to sell, them, pocketing the
profits above five' per cent. Have we any such
power ? If a merchant has made a good importa-
tion,have we a right to "take it from him, under
.the plea that.to purchased too cheap, and sell his
good bargain for our own profit? I know of no
such jToweiv and if we had it, I should be against
"its ex&reise, as xmsuitable to oar Government, de-
grading to it, and ending in loss to it. Twenty-
years ago, when the vision of dazzling wealth
presented itself to the imagination of our Con-
fiess from leasing lead mines and salt springs,
took occasion to say that this Government was
not created to be a salt-water boiler, or a lead mine
digger, or to be the landlord of miners and boileis.
X said further, that if it went into the business, it
would be cheated. Well, we have made the trial;
and twenty year's experience has shown that I was
right. We now know that we are cheated every
year out of our wits, and, worse than that, we
have to pay some twenty thousand dollars a year
over and above, out of the treasury, for being
cheated.
I say the same now of this dry-goods and gro-
cery business. If the Government of the United
States goes into the dry-goods line, or the grocery
line, or the hardware line, or the crockery-ware
line, or haberdasher's line, it will be cheated. The
bad importations will be put upon itj and, when
the invoice price is'paid, and the five per cent, on
the invoice paid, and the auction fees paid, and the
losses and damaged articles deducted, and the du-
ties lost, instead of profits, the poor United States
will find themselves about as they no ware in the
lead mine and salt-water business—getting maney
out of the treasury to pay losses. But another ob-
jection rises up against it. Our bill goes upon fraud,
and takes the goods for frauds. It is not a pur-
chase, like the British act, from a fair importer, or
one who could not be convicted of fraud, but it is
a forfeiture of the goods for fraud. The importer
is to be convicted and stigmatized for fraud before
his goods can be taken. And how convicted? By
* a jury? Like a freeman, in a country of law and
right? Not at all. But upon the opinion of the
appraisers. It is the opinion of the appraisers
which is to convict him of a crime, stigmatise his
name, and deprive him of his property. I say the
opinion of the appraisers; for al though the act adds
the opinion of the collector and the Secretary of the
Treasury, yet everybody.knows that the collector
and Secretary will take the opinion of the apprais-
ers, and will not appraise over again, and perhaps
would know nothing about it if they did. But
even if they did, what then ? They are notajury,
trying,the xsase in <sourt, every man has a right
to be tried, before he is convicted of an infamous
crime, and deprived of his property. They are not
a tribunal by which an American citizen is to be
tried. The omnipotent British Parliament might
do it, but our Congress cannot do it. But the
■British Parliament has not done it. It imputes no
crime to the importer of whoso Roods it constitutes
itself the purchaser, and gives him his own price,
and the usual profit. Wc have gone further than
the British Parliament, when we have no right, to
go as far. We have no right to constitute ourselves
the purchaser of a citizen's property, even at his
own price, and the addition of the current profit.
We have no right to do this, even as a fair busi-
ness transaction, as the British act supposes it to
be, much less to convict a citizen of fraud vvitliout
iudge or jury, take his goods, and pay him less
than half the current profit. We cannot do these
things; and this bill is the first in the history of
our legislation in which we have attempted it.
Verily, we live in strange times, when such novel-
ties are brought forward. I will vote for this
amendment, but I hope it will be the last one
offered. I hope we will vote at once upon the
bill. , ,
If we were able to act up to the elevation of our
circumstances, and act like statesmen in perfecting
a bill, I should be glad to go into it, and contribute
my labors to make a good bill. But we are not
able so to act, and I am not willing to be a ma-
chine, and to appear like perfecting and maturing
a bill, which is not to be changed or altered. VV e
find ourselves in extraordinary circumstances in
a conjuncture which does not often occur, in all
three divisions of the legislative power thef« is ac-
cord on the leading character of a tariff. 1 he X res-
• ident and a majority of each House of Congress
they had no time to do it; that the Senate had not
time to deliberate. It was no fault of his that they
had so little time. He took no part of the blame;
none at all. And now, for the mere purpose of
accomplishing one great objcct, for the mere pur-
pose of carrying through an "Administration meas-
ure, they were to approve; without consideration,
a bill that was not expected to stand, even it it
became a, law by adventitious circu instances, idle
entered his solemn protest against the passage of a
law which required to be propped and splintered
by subsequent legislation so as to enable it to stand.
He was acting in this matter, it was true, under
instructions, and instructions which he did not
intend to disobey;*but those instructions did not
conipcl him to vote for this bill in so imperfect a
state. He would consider it the most unfortunate
circumstance of his life if he were to be compelled
by a majority of that body to support a measure
which his deliberate judgment disapproved, tie
was not surprised that gentlemen should tender
their resignation, and leave that Chamber ay,
and leave it forever. But he had only risen to say
a single word. lie intended no remarks upon the
course of any Senalor except his own. He could
not vote for minimum and specific duties; that was
the principle involved in his instructions. They
were engaged in a war, obliged to borrow money,
and to issue treasury notes, and not one iriend of
the bill had been beard to say that he believed it
would produce as much revenue as the act of 1842.
Was it not competent, then, to change the bill so
as to make it less objectionable ? He was pre-
pared to vote for all proper amendments that might
be offered to effrct this object. .
Mr. TURNEY said he did not intend to inflict
upon the Senate a speech; but his colleague had
alluded to the instructions of their State Legisla-
ture; and he would remark, that, as far as the
principle embraced m those instructions was con-
cerned, he agreed perfectly with his colleague that
those principles should, as far as his vote was
concerned, becarricd out. That principle was the
the Roods altogether, simply Wyes the matter to ij abolishment of all specific and ^es-
the discretion o?the Secretary uf the Treasury if i They were instructed also to go fo a icwnue
he thinks proper to take the goods, at the valuation, i1 standard of duties INow, whethei this bill was
S flit., 1 .H,ppo«.;to pay the cost of im- | calculated to provide a rate of duties which should
iHirtiitloii. Ills ('icariv a l,nv intended to give an i, be called a revenue standard he was unable to
additional remedy tviunsi frauds upon the revenue: i: say. lie iched entirely upon the ettimaUsol.the
a remedy not at all harsh when applied in oases of P Secretary of the Treasury, who had ossmcd them
fraud with evil intent, but possibly harsh if applied i; that it would produce a sufhciency of ipvenue.
in other cases where fntud 'was J intended. W, He would not say that tins was
Mr President I come to the point raised on the It bill as he would have prefcirt,u, but his .uegisla
other side of the House. Does this ninth seelion ! t'ire had relieved him from the trouble of determi-
replal anv Clause of any law that is not repugnant jl «in$, and therefore he had no hesitation m giving
are against the tariff of 1842; they are for a revenue ]
tariff. . But a revenue tariff is not n genus without >
a species. It may have many species; and judg-
ment, reason, knowledge, consideration, delibera-
tion, may all be requisite to decide which species of
the genus should be adopted.
I repeat; if we were able to act up to the eleva-
tion of the fortunate circumstances in which the
party now finds itself, and could act like legislators,
I should feel proud to bring all the contribution of
my knowledge and industry to perfecting the details
of a bill. But wc are not able to act up to that ele-
vation, and I have no notion of being worked as a
machine. I can vote for the bill as overturning the
act of 1842, and wish to trive but. that vote alone.
I am ready to give that vote, and hope I shall be
spared from voting oil further propositions of
amendment.
Mr. McDUFFIE then rose and said;
Mr. President : I very much legict the neces-
sity of protracting this discission. I believe that
tlic nature and purposes of this clause of the bill arc
entirely misapprehended on both sides of the Cham- '.j
bcr. The Soiiatnr from Missouri takes a view of ;j
it totally opposite to that taken on the other side of ;j
theHouse. So far from regarding it as a clause in- ji
tended to favor the importer and to facilitate fraud,
he. regards it as a very oppressive act, scarcely jus-
tifiable by the Constitution of tho United Stales.
Now, Mr. President, 1 think the Senator from Ken-
tucky is altogether mistaken, when ho supposes this
clause was intended to apply to cases of underval-
uation, with intent to defraud the revenue; and I
'think that my friend from Missouri will perceive
that there is nothing unconstitutional, oppressive,
or unusual in the clause. The fknator from Ken-
tucky supposed Unit in eases of this kind, where
undervaluation was made with the view of defraud-
ing the treasury, the goods should be forfeited al-
together. That is not provided in the act of 1843.
ISut if tt were so, surely my friend from Missouri
could not repaid thi^s as a imrsh law, which, in a
case of defrauding the revenue, instead of forfeiting
toil f The actof 1W W contains a clause providing
for forfeiture in eases of false invoices. Does this
clause repeal that? Does it repeal that clause
which provides for the punishment of false swear-
ing? Not tit nil. Tin re is not one single clunw:
in tho law of 1M2 repealed by this section. It does
not pass upon the same subjects. There is no
clause of the act of 1842 like it, What is it ?
[Reads the Sth section.) Now, let me ask the
Senator from Massachusetts, suppose the Secretary
of the Treasury should not see proper to proceed
in the case, would the treasury be still left unpro-
tected ? This is a case left to the discretion of the
Secretary of the Treasury, ami ran repeal no other
law whatever. It is not " shall do so." It is dis-
cretionary altogether. And it is one of the most ;
effective laws that can be conceived. In ease of
undervaluation, without dishonest intent, it might ,
be very severe, but for such cases there is propel- |
provision made, and the power would be exer- j
cised by the Secretary only in cases of fraudulent j
intent. ,
Mr. JARNAGTN said lie must be permitted to i
say a single word in reference to this bill, which j
had lain in the Treasury Department or elsewhere (
m a state of incubation for about six months, and ;
on the sixth day of July had made its appearance i
in tho Senate still unfledged. He could scarcely |
tell to what species or to what genus it belonged, j
If this bill were destined to become a law by any j
accidental circumstance, he appealed to every Sen- j
ator present if it was not his right as well as his j
duty so to change it as to make it acceptable to
the country ? What were they about to do? 1 o j
unsettle the whole business pursuits of the coun- j
try. Under such circumstances he felt it to be-ins <
imperative duty so to change or modify the bill ,
that it would be productive of the least possible
amount of evil. And he was not to be told that
it his support.
i! Mr. J. M. CLAYTON said that it was not his
intention to enter into the details of the bill. Ho
|| wished to test the views of the Senate on the great
;i principles of tho bill itself. If in its great and
!> leading features it wa*a to remain as it now stood,
he should care very little as to its minor details.
:j He considered the bill as so destructive and rum-
■ ous in its character on all the great interests of til©
' country, that it must be altered entirely before it
I could receive the least approbation from him. If
I he should set out to amend it, there was nothing
I to amend by. lie was called upon by the friends
I of the bill to say what guards .he would propose
' to place round the collection of the duties as here
; specified. That was a task which pertained to the
I authors of the hill. Mr. C. was opposed to it
' as a whole; he felt little interest in its details, or
; in the fate of the pending amendment. To test
| the sense of the Senate on the merits of the bdl,
I he would now offer an amendment:
I « To commit Hie liili to the Committee on Finance, with
i instruction? to restore the specific duties prescribed jpr the
I act oi'tiie SOtli of Ausust, 184-J."
I If this first should fail, he should then offer the
! following:
  Thntthclull be committed to the Committee on Finance,
svtth instructions to new duties imposed by said
bill in all ea^es where any foreign raw material is taxed
to the nreiudioeof anvnicclianie or manufacturer, so that
no other or lusher duty be collected on any such raw
xuatoriol than is provided by the act ot 30th Augut-t, 1842,
Awl farther, so to regulate all the duties imposrd by tins
bill as to raise a revenue suffleient for the exigencies of the
country."
Mr. C. said lie had been an attentive listener
dm-in0, this whole debate—a debate which had now,
he believed, been continued for a week, and had
turned chiefly on the question of substituting a gen-
eral ad valorem principle for the specific duties m
