1144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
the present law. He was well satisfied with the
argument on that subject which had been made by
his friends. He should not undertake to add to
it, but was willing to rest the case on those argu-
ments. Before he said a word about minor alter-
ations in the bill, he must know the sense of the
Senate on both the motions he had prepared; for it
must be evident, that if either of them should be
adopted, the whole character of the measure must
be changed. When that question was settled, he
should then decide whether it was worth while to
take any interest in the details of the bill. He con-
cluded by asking that the question might be taken
by yeas and nays.
The first resolution having been read—
Mr. JARNAGIN produced and read the in-
structions of the Legislature of Tennessee, under
which he felt bound to act; and, as the terms of
this resolution directly conflicted with those in-
structions, he should be constrained to vote against
it.
Mr. CALHOUN said he was very glad the
Senator from Delaware had made this" motion; it
was a perfectly fair one, and it brought up the
question whether the tariff of1842 should or should
not stand. The great objection to that tariff was
directed against the minimums and the specific
duties. Should the motion of the honorable Sen-
ator succeed, its effect must be to leave the present
law untouched.
Mr. JARNAGIN now took the floor, and went
into a speech which he delivered from very full
notes, and in which he discussed at length his ob-
jections to the bill, and urged strenuously the duty
of changing many of its provision's. In conform-
ity to his instructions, he should go for ad valorem
duties, and against both minimums and specific
duties; but, while he held himself bound to go
thus far in obedience to his Legislature, ho con-
sidered himself at full liberty to use his utmost
exertions to get the bill amended so as to render it
as little injurious as possible to the business and
interests of the country. He should feel himself
obliged in the end to vote for the principle advo-
cated by the friends of the bill; but he was not
therefore under obligation to vote for any and
every bill which contained those principles. He
contended that there was ample time to make
many important amendments. The bill as it stood
suited nobody; its own friends admitted it to be
very defective. Why not then amend it? An
attempt to amend it would not hazard the safety
of the bill; for all who would vote for it now would
vote for it in an amended shape, especially as the
amendments would proceed from a committee in
which there was a majority of the friends of the bill.
A long colloquy here took place between Messrs.
TURKEY and JARNAGIN as to the true mean-
ing of the instructions they had both received from
their Legislature—Mr. Turney insisting that in
private conversations they had agreed that the bill
as it now stood conformed to those instructions,
and that they had agreed to vote for it; Mr. Jae-
nagin insisting that his instructions went only to
the principle of ad vaiorems and against minimums
and specifics, and left him at full liberty, in all
other respects, to object to the features of the bill,
and get them amended if he could. These expla-
nations were of a personal nature, and involved
references to the state of policy in Tennessee, and
the protraction of them was strongly objected to
from various quarters, as being wholly irregular
and out of order.
In the course of them Mr. Turned referred to a
rumor which was whispered in the Senate that it
was intended by the opponents of the bill to pro-
tract the debate until the vacancy created by the
resignation of Mr. Haywood should be filled.
Mr. MANGUM.rose in his place and denied
that there was any truth in such a rumor. There
was no such purpose entertained in any quarter;
and, if there had been, the thing was impractica-
ble. The Governor of Ncjrth Carolina was absent
from the seat of go\ eminent. He must return and
convene his council before he could fill the vacancy,
and to do this and to bring the representative here
would occupy at least twenty days, long before
which time the fate of the bill would have been
decided in the Senate.
The question was here taken on Mr. Clayton's
first resolution, in these words:
. " To commit the hill to the Committee on Finance, with
instructions to restore the specific duties prescribed by the
act of ti>e 30th of August, 1842."
And it was rejected by the following vole:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Berrien, Cameron, Cil-
ley, John M. Clavton, Thomas Clayton. Corwin, Crittenden,
Davis, Davlon, Evans, Greene, Huntington, Johnson of Lou-
isiana, Johnson of Maryland, Mangum, Miller, Morehead,
Pearce, Pheips, Sunmons, Sturgeon, Upham, Webster, and
Woodbridge—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Bag-
by, Benton, Breese, Bright., Calhoun, Cass, Chalmers, Col-
quitt, Dickinson, Dix, Fairfield, Hannegan, Houston, Jarna-
gin, Lewis, McDuffie, Niles, Pennybaclter, Rusk, bemple,
Sevier, Speight, Tiirney, Westcott, and Yulee—29.
And the second resolution having been read as
follows:
" That the bill be committed to the Committee on Finance,
with instructions to remove the new duties imposed by said
bill in all cases where any foreign raw material is taxed to
the prejudice of any mechanic or manufacturer, so that no
othor or higher duty shall be collected on any such raw ma-
terial than is piovuied by the act of SOtli of August, 1843.
And further so to regulate all the duties imposed by this
bill as to raise a revenue sufficient for the exigencies of the
country."
Mr. SEVIER inquired from Mr. Clayton fur-
ther information as to the meaning and effect of
the resolution.
Mr. CLAYTON briefly explained; after which
Mr. R. JOHNSON called for a division of the
question, and it was divided accordingly, so as to
be put first on that part of the resolution which
read as follows:
" That the bill be committed to the Committee on Finance,
with instructions to remove the new duties imposed by said
bill in all eases where any foreign raw material is taxed to
the prejudice of any mechanic or manufacturer, so that no
other or higher duty shall be collected on any such raw
material than is provided by the act of the 30th of August,
1842;"
and then on the residue of the resolution; and it
was so divided accordingly; and the question being
on the first part of the resolution—
Mr. CRITTENDEN said, he was not positive
whether he should or should not vote for the pres-
ent resolution, after the Senate had rejected the
former, which was of so much greater importance.
The present resolution would operate on a class
of articles which were comparatively of little con-
sequence. He felt a reluctance to vote for this
after the Senate had rejected the other, because he
was against the bill altogether. It was such a bill
that no amendment in its details would secure his
approbation or favor. Instead of voting on any
amendment, he preferred that the friends and op-
ponents of the bill should now at once come up
face to face and front to front. [Strong expres-
sions of approbation on the Democratic side of
the Chamber.]
Mr. C. said he did not want to make the bill any
better; lie was opposed to it altogether—opposed
to it on the principle, because it refused to the labor
of the country that protection to which it was fair-
ly and wisely entitled. Ho was not going to be-
friend the bill by making it a little better and a
little better; he was for bringing it at once to j udg-
ment with all its sins upon its head, and let it
receive that condign doom which it so richly merit-
ed. Mr. C.'s conviction that the bill ought not
to pass was so clear and so decided that it forced
him to believe that the bill would not. [Much
laughter.] He did not, to be sure, exactly see
how it was to be defeated; yet, in a case so flagrant,
he trusted that Providcnce would furnish a way.
He did not want to adopt the course of stifling the
bill in the committee. If they sent it there, it
would come back upon them with all speed, per-
haps in a more specious form, but none the less
deadly. To whom were they to send it? To the
very committee who had brought this measure
into the Senate. They would find some way of
getting round the instructions so as to comply with
them in form, but defeat their purpose: they would
sugar the dose which they sent to him to be swal-
lowed, but in no form or shape would he ever
swallow it. He had always thought the true
battle of the friends of the present law was to
meet their adversaries boldly front to front.
[Acclamations on the opposite side: "That's
the course;" " Come on, let us get the vote."]
Mr. C. said such a spectacle as the country ex-
i hibitcd the world had never seen. The country
i was in a state of happy prosperity and in profound
I peace. The Administration had made a war that,
j they might get back the peace. After getting it
' into a war which required all the resources we
could raise, they reduced duties to increase the
revenue. They had been digging vaults and cel-
lars, putting on locks and bars to keep the hard
cash of the treasury, and yet they were passing a
bill to issue floods of paper money. Had any na
■tion, since the foundation of-the world, witnessed
management like this? We had peace, and then
we went to spending millions to conquer a peace.
We first put all our money- into strong boxes, and
locked up all the specie, and then issued treasury
drafts and treasury notes without end. Gentlemen
here were working most diligently to fulfil the
decrees of the Baltimore Convention, while they
utterly disregarded the petitions and memorials of
the people. Then we had great disputes among
the faithful as to what was promised at Baltimore
and what was not promised. All these questions
about free trade and sub-treasury, Oregon, &c.,
were but so many empty barrels, which had been
set afloat on the stream of the late presidential
election. They had answered that purpose, and
now, for God's sake, let gentlemen throw them
overboard. As for the sub-treasury, he believed
that was overboard already. Let gentlemen throw
the rest after it, and then set themselves diligently
to do the public business and go home.
As to this amendment, as his friend from Dela-
ware had introduced it, he might, out of courtesy,
consent to vote for it; but, if it should pass, what
would the committee do '■ They would only turn
over the bill, and put a little new color on it, so as
to make it a little more like God's truth, and then
we should have it back again-
Mr. LEWIS, chairman of the Committee on
Finance, said that, as one of the members of that
committee, he wished to understand what this re-
solution really meant; for it seemed to him quite
unintelligible. The object, if he comprehended it,
was to take the duty imposed by the bill off of all
articles of raw material. If so, he supposed hemp
was one; and he took it for granted the gentleman
meant that the committee must reduce the duty on
hemp. Was wool another? He supposed they
must reduce the duty on wool; and, if so, how
much ?
Mr. JOHN M. CLAYTON said he thought
there could be no great difficulty in understanding
what his resolution meant. The law of 1842 im-
posed specific duties on those imported articles
which constituted the raw materials of American
manufactures. The chairman of the committee
would have nothing to do but to consult the act of
1842", and see what those articles were. If he.
found any of them at present free of duty, the reso-
lution required him to leave them free of duty; if
he found any of them under a moderate duty, then
the resolution required him to report the same duty
in the present bill.
And now a word or two as to what had been
said by his friend from Kentucky. If any gentle-
man took it for granted that Mr. C. meant that all
who voted for this resolution of instructions would
of course be bound to vote for the bill if it should
be so amended, he was gieatly mistaken. Mr. C.
considered no gentleman under any such pledge.
No man was bound to vote for a bill like this be-
cause the committee should obey the instructions
by making some slight alterations in it. If those
instructions should be honestly and fully carried
out, the result would be found utterly hostile to
the wishes and notions of all the gentlemen on the
other side of the Chamber, and all the doctrines of
the Secretary of the Treasury. There was no
doubt of that. lie presumed that must be evident
to every man. He did not propose the resolution
as a peace-offering; gentlemen might vote upon it
as they pleased. Mr. C. offered it that he might
show his hand, and that the world might see he
had made at least an effort to save the interests of
the mechanics and the manufacturers. If those
instructions should be carried out, while the raw
material was admitted free, or under a light duty,
the amount of revenue required by the Government
would have to be raised on the articles in the bill;
] but if the committee, evading the instructions,
j should send buck to the Senate a mere hrutiim fui-
i men, all those who voted honestly for the instruc-
tions would of course vote against the bill and kill
\ it. He assured his friend from Kentucky that
! neither he nor any other man could by possibility
j be more hostile to the bill than Mr. C. was, and
j| he freely admitted that one of the primary objects
he had in view in offering these resolutions of in-
I1 structions had been to defeat the bill. That, and
■ that alone, was his object. He was anxious to
| i destroy it, and should rejoice to see it dead,
'i Loud cries for the question. The question was
j thereupon put by the Chair, and decided, by y®a/s
i. and nays, as follows:
