1146
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
means of defraying these expenditures. It was
not his (Mr. B.*s) business.
But when we find the country involved in a
war—when, we find that our Department of War—
that the Engineer Department—had received for
two Congresses every appropriation contained in
this bill, he asked that gentleman with what pro-
priety he could stand up in this House and make
his appeal against them on the ground of the re-
commendation of aboard of officers convened some
years since, especially when the identical head of
the engineer department and other officers had,
since that time, recommended these very appro-
priations ?
Mr. B. briefly glanced at the several items con-
tained in the bill, urging their importance respect-
ively, and declaring that there were no other points
in the United States which so indispensably re-
quired appropriations for defensive works.
With reference to the grant by New York in
1807, of the site of defensive workson Staten Island,
he referred to the fact that the condition on which
the grant was based—viz: the erection of defensive
works—had not been complied with; thus, oil all
grounds of law and equity, rendering the grant null
and void.
Mr. SEAMAN occupied the remaining minute
and a half in reading from a former appropriation
act, in which was recognised the want of title on
the part of the United States to this site on Staten
Island.
The hour of twelve having arrived, the commit-
tee proceeded to vote.
The amendment of Mr. E. B. Holmes (hereto-
fore published) making an appropriation for de-
fensive works at the mouth of the Genesee river,
was rejected.
The amendments of Messrs. Hungerford and
Grintnell (heretofore published) were rejected.
A number of other amendments, proposing ap-
propriations for local objects, and many of which
had been heretofore proposed to the general fortiii-
cation bill, were offered and rejected.
Amendments were offered by Messrs. McCL EL-
LAND, BROCKENBROCJGH, ATKINSON,
BIGGS, D. P. KING, DE MOTT, and WENT-
WORTH.
An amendment;, by Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL,
authorizing the President to take steps for the set-
tlement of the title to the Pea Patch Island, was,
by ayes 79, noes 42, agreed to.
The question now recurred on the modified sub-
stitute of Mr. Tibbatts.
Mr. HAMLIN moved to amend the substitute
by applying a similar limitation to the river and
harbor bill.
Mr. TIBBATTS raised the point of order on
the amendment.
The CHAIR overruled the point of order.
Mr. BURT also made the point of order on the
substitute of Mr. Tibbatts.
The CHAIR overruled the point of order.
Mr. BURT appealed. 7
Some conversation followed.
The question on the appeal was taken, and, by
ayes 61, noes 68, the decision of the Chair was
overruled.
So the substitute of Mr. Tibbatts was declared
to be out of order, and the amendment of Mr.
IIamlin thereto fell with it.
Mr. McKAY offered the following substitute
for the bill, which was rejected:
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Representatives
of the United Slates of America in Congress assembled, That
the Secretary ol War be, and he is hereby, authouzed to
dispose of the .site and materials of old fort Gansevoort, and
to apply the proceeds of the sale to the purehn.se, fiom thy
State of New Yoik, of the defensive work* on Staten Island,
together with the land bought by said State for the site of
&ai<l work*; and if the pioeceds of said sale shall not he
sufficient for the puicba«e, then as much money in addition
to the proceeds as may be necessary to complete the same
lip, ?ind is hereby appiopnated. And le it further enacted,
That the President be authorized to take such steps ns he
may deem advisable foi adjusting the title to Pea Patch
Island ; and should the same be found to be adveise to the
United State*., that he cause the value to be ascertained by
arbitration, aeeordingto the agreement entered into hctween
the Secretary of War, and the agent of the claimant, and
report the same to Congress.
The committee then rose and reported the bill and
amendment to the House.
t Mr. HAMLIN demanded the previous ques-
tion; which was seconded.
And the main question (first on the amendment,
^ i TJ™,ordei'ing Ae bill to a third reading) was
oideied to be now taken.
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved that the bill be laid
on the table.
Mr. BR1NKERHOPP asked the yeas and nays;
which were ordered; and, being taken, resulted"as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Atkinson, Biggs, James
Black, James A. Black, Bowlin, Cathcart, Augustus A. Chap-
man, Chase, Clarke, Cobb, Cuiiom, Cunningham, Dobbin,
Doekery, Dromgoole, Erdman, Faian, Pries, Garvin, Har-
manson, Hoge, 1-Iopkin*,Geonre S. Houston, Hunter, James
H.Johnson, Andrew Johnson, Seaborn Jones, Kaufman,
Leake, Lumpkin, McClean, Joseph J. McDowuIl, James
McDowell, McKay, Baikley Martin, Morn«, Nonis, Owen,
Parrish, Pernll, Pettit. Phelps, Pillsbury, Beid, Ritter,
Robert', Sawyer, Seammon, Seddon, Alexander I). Sims,
Leonaid IT. Sims, Thomas Smith, Thomapson, Jacob
Thompson, Tibbatts, Tredway, Wick, Williams, Wood-
ward, and Yost—61.
NAYS—Messis. Abbott, John Qnincy Adams, Arnold, j
Ashmmi, Bailinger, Bedmger, Bell, BririkerbofY, Brocken-
brough, Brodhead, W. G. Brown, Buflington* Burt, William
W. Campbell, John H. Campbell, Carroll, John G.Chapmnn,
Chipnmn, Collin, Cranston, Crozier, Culver, Dargan,
Ganett Davis, De Mott, Dixon, Douglass, Edsall, Eilswoifh,
Joint H. Ewing, Edwin II. Ewing, Gile«, Goodyear, Gordon,
Gnder, Giover, Hamlin, Hampton, HaraNon, Harper, Hil-
hard, Elias B. Holmes, Housh, Samuel D. Hubbard, Hudson,
Hunsertord, Washington Hunt, James B. Hunt. Charles J.
Insertion, Joseph 11. Ingor>oll, Jenkins, Joseph Jolmson,
Darnel P.King, Pre-ton King, Thomas Buflei Knur, Xaw-
renee, Lewis, Levin, Ligon, Long, Mnelay, MeClelbmd,
McConnell, MeGaughey, McIIenrv, Mellvame, John P.
Martin. Miller, Moseley, Payne, Perry, Pollock, Rathbun,
Julius Rockwell, J. A. Rockwell, Runk, Sawtelle, Schcnek,
Seaman, Severance, Tiuman Smith, Albert Smith, Caleb
B. Smith, Stanton, St. John, Strohin, Strong, Thibodeaux,
Benjamin Thompson, Tilden, Ttumbo, Vinton, Wentworth,
Wh'eaton, White, Wmthrop, Wood, Woodruti', Wright, and
Young—100.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
The question then recurred on concurring in the
amendment authorizing the President to take such
steps as he may deem advisable for the adjustment
of the title to the Pea Patch Island, and if found
adverse to the United States, to cause the value to
be ascertained by arbitration, &c.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON and Mr. RATHBUN de-
manded the yeas and nays, which were ordered;
and, being taken, resulted as follows:
YE'VS—Me?-tei>. Abbott, John Quiney Adams, Arnold,
A«bmun, Barringer, Bell, Jame« Black, Rlanchard, Brod-
h"ad, Buffmgton,' Burt, William W. Campbell, John H.
Campbell, Carroll, John G. Chapman, Cobb, Collin, Cran-
ston, Ciozicr, Culver, Cunningham, Garrett Davis, DeMott,
Dixon, Doekery, Dunlap, Edsal), Ellsworth, Eidman, John
H.Ewmg, Foot, Garvjn, Giles, Goodyear, Gordon, Grider,
Grover, Hamlin,-Hampton, Harper, HiJliard^EhasB, Holmes,
Sam'J D. Hubbard, Hudson, Huugerford, Washington Hunt,
Hunter, Chuiles J. TngcrsoH, Joseph R. Inffersoll, Joseph
Johnson, Seaborn Jones, Daniel P. King, Thomas Butler
Kmc. Lewis, Long. Mac]ay, McClelland, Jnmes McDow-
ell, MeGnnghey, MeHenry, Mellvame, McKay, Miller,
Mom-, Motley, Pollock. Ramsev, Ritter, John A.
Rockwell. Runk, Saw folic, Sclienck, Severance, Alexander
D. Sim?, Truman Smith, Albert Smith. Caleb B. Smith, St.
John, Strohm, Strong, Thibodeaux, Benjamin Thomp-on,
James Thompson, Tilderi, Tmmbo. Vniton, Wentworth,
Whcaton, White, Wmthrop, Wright, Young;, and Yost—99.
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Atkinson, Bcdmger,
Biggs, James A. Black, Bowhn. Brmkerhoff, Broeken-
broiigh, Cathcart, Augustus A. Chapman, Chase, Clarke,
Cullom, Dobbin, Dionuroole, Faian, Fickhn, Fries, Har.il-
son, Harman.-on, Hogo, Uopkins, Hough, George S. Hous-
ton. Edmund WJIubard, .Tamec B. Hunt, Jenkins, James
H. Johnson, Andrew Johnson. Geoige W. Jones, Kaufman,
Leake, Ligon, Lumpkin, MoClernand. MeCmin^ll, Joseph
J. McDowell, Barkley Mai tin, Nom-. Owen, Pan i>h, Payne,
Perry, Pettit, Phelps", PilWnuv, Rathbun, Reid, Relfe, Rob-
ert--, Sawyer, Scatnmon, Seddon. Leonard II. Sinn, Simp-
son, Thomas Smith, Stanton, {Jacob Thompson, Tibbatts,
Tredway, Wick, and Woodward—62.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading; and,
having been read a third time by its title, and the
question hems? on the passage,
Mr. GILES demanded the previous question;
which was seconded.
And the main question was ordered to be now
take n
Mr! S. JONES and G. W. JONES asked the
yens and nays thereon; which were ordered.
And the question, " Shall this bill pass ?" was
taken, and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott. John Qomey Adorns, Ander-
son, Arnold, Bairineer,Bedingei, Bell. Blanchaid, Bnnker-
hoff, Biodhead, Bufmighm, Buit, lllnuu W. Campbell,
Johu H. Campbell, Cairoll, John G. Chapman, Collin, Cran-
ston, Croziei, Culver, Dargan, Garrett Davis, De Mott,
Dixon, Douglass, Dunlap, Edsall, Ellswoith. Foster, Giles?
Goodyear, Gordon, Gndcr, Giover, Hamlin, Hampton, Har-
alson, Harpei, Hillia'.d. E. B. Holmes. Hough, Samuel D.
Hubhaid. TlutUon, Hungeiford. Washington limit, Cluules
J. luautsoll, Joseph R. Ingeisoii, Jenkins, Damel'P. King,
Precton King. Thomas Butler King, Lawrence, Lewi^,
Levin, Ligon.'Long. Maclay, McClelland, MeCanghey, Mc~
Henrv, Mellvaine. Miller, Moseley. Pony, Pollock, Ram-
>ov, John A. Rockwell, Runk. Sawtclle, Scheuck, Seaman,
Seveiance, Truman Smith, Albeit Smith, Caleb B. Smith,
Stanton, Stephen^. St. John, Stsohm, Stiong, Thibodeaux,
Benjamin Thompson, Tilden, Trumbo, Vance, Vinton,
Wentworth, Whcaton, White, Wmthrop, Wood, Wood-
ruff, Woodworth, Wright, and Yost—95.
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Atkinson, James A.
Black, Bowhn, Cathcart, Augustus A, Chapman, Chase,
Clarke, Cobb, Cunningham, Dobbin, Doekery, Dromgoole
Erdman, Faran, Ficklin, Fries, Garvin, Harman&on, Hoge'
Hopkins, George S. Houston, Edmund W. Hubard, James
B. Hunt, Hunter, J. II. Johnson, Joseph Johnson, Andrew
Johnson, George W. Jones, Seaborn Jones, Kaufman,
Leake, Lumpkin, McConnell, Joseph J. McDowell, James
McDowell, McKay, Barkley Martin, Morris, Noms, Owen,
Pairish, Payne, Pettit, Phelps, Pillsbuiy, Reid, Relfe, Ritter,
Sawyer, Seammon, Seddon, Alexander D. Sims, Leonard
H. Sims, Thomas Smith, Jacob ThompsonjTibbatts,Towns,
Tiedway, Wick, and Williams—61.
So the bill was passed in the following form-
to wit:
A BILL making appropriations for certain defensive works
of the United State* for the fiscal year ending the thirtieth
day of June, one thousand eight hundred and foity-six.
He it enacted hy the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the following sums be, and they are hereby, appropriated,
to be paufout of any unappropriated money in the tieasury,
for the preservation, repair, and construction of certain
fortifications, for the fiscal year ending the thirtieth day of
June, one thousand eight hundred and forty-seven :
For the purchase from the State of New York of the de-
fen.-ive woiks on Staten Island, together with the land
bought by the State for the site of said works, with all the
matenal oh and about them, and for repairs of said works,
when the title of the Star* of New York shall have been
extinguished, one hundred thousand dollars: Protid-ed, That
the Executive be, and he is hei eby, authorized to dispose of
the site and materials of old Fort Gansevoort, and to apply
the proceeds of such sale to the repair of th^ works on Sta-
ten Lland;
For the commencement of batteries on SollerJs Point flats,
below Baltimore, thirty thousand dollars;
For the commencement of a fort at the entrance to Cum-
berland Sound, Georgia, twenty thousand dollars;
For the commencement of a fort on the east side of
Dauphin Island, Mobile Bay, Alabama, twenty thousand
dollar*.
And be it further enacted, That the President be autho-
rized to take such steps a= he may deem advisable for ad-
justing the title to Pea Patch Island; and should the same
be found to be adverse to the United States, that he cause
tlie value to be ascertained by arbitration, according to the
agreement enteral into between the Secretary of War and
the agent of the claimant, and report the same to Congress,
Mr. KING of Georgia moved a reconsideration
of the vote, and demauded the previous question;
under the operation of which the House refused
to rcconsidcr the vote.
RATES OF POSTAGE.
Ob motion of Mr. HOPKINS, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Reid of North Carolina
in the chair,) and proceeded to the consideration
of the following bill:
A BILL to amend the act appioved the third of March,
eighteen hundred and foity-five, entitled "An act to re-
duce the latcs of postage, to limit the use, and prevent the
abUft#1, of the franking privilege, nnd for the prevention
of frauds upon the levenues of the Post Office Depart-
ment."
Be if cnartcd bv the Senate and House of Representcdives
of the United Slates of America in Congress assembled, That
the following rates of postage he charged upon all letters
and packets conveyed m the mail of the United States—to
wit:
For every letter or packet weighing one-quarter of an
ounce or less, conveyed three hundred miles or less, five
cent<;
And for anv distance over three hundred miles, and less
than r-ix hundred miles, ten cents;
And tor any distance over six hundred miles, fifteen
cent*; ,
And for every additional quarter of an ounce, or fraction
le>s than the quoi tor of an ounce, an additional postage, ex-
cept where a letter is written on a single sheet of paper
weighing over one-quarrer of an ounce and less than one-
half an ounce, when the same shall be charged with the
sinsle postage: Provided, That the rate of fifteen cents
fchall be discontinued from and after the first of July, eigh-
teen hundred and foity-eight, if, in the opinion of the Post-
master General. the revenues of the department will equal
its expenditures; and in that case, ten cents shall he the
rale of postage for all distances over three hundied miles;
For every letter, newspaper, or other written or printed
mattir deposited m a post office foi delneiy, without trans-
poitation, two cent*;
For every auveitisod letter, the additional expense for
printing shall he charged : Provided, That the same shall in
no ca-c exceed two cents: Aiu> j>roi ided That no let-
ter which lias been refused by the person to whom it i«. ad-
dressed shall he advertised, and shall be treated as a dead
letter.
See. 2. And ?e it further enacted, That there shall he
charged for each and every newspaper conveved hi the
mail* foi the publM;^ thereof, and sent to subscriber* or
per&ons> icgul.iily enjased in \ ending the same for the pub-
lishers for the nr«t one hundred mile*, one cent;
And for any distance over one hundred miles, two cents;
And for each aiul every newspaper sent hy others than
the publishers thci^of. and to others than subscribers, and
tor every handbill, advertisement, or circular, printed or
hthogiaphed, or any other printed or lithographed matter,
sent through the mails without being scaled', there shall be
charced and paid at the time of the delivery of the same into
the podt office, and before the same is sent hi the mails, two
cent-;;
