1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1147
Eaefi and every newspaper, handbill, advertisement, cir-
cular, or other printed or fitftographed matter, containing
any writing, marks; or signs on the same, by winch intelli-
gence is or may- be conveyed, other than the address, or
which shall-he-deposited in- the office sealed, shcdl be rated
with letter postage;
For pairiphlets, periodicals or magazines, for any distance
not exceeding one hundred miles, one cent per sheet; and
for any-"distance over one hundred miles, two cents per
^ 3. jJnd be it further enacted, That a newspaper shall
he-taken to be one sheet of printed matter, containing intel-
ligence of passing events, of not more than nineteen hun-
dred -superficial square inches; and all other publications
printed, or lithographed, or engraved, folded, stitched, or
covered, shall be taken to be a pamphlet, magazine, or pen-
odical, and rated with postage as such; and tliat the distan-
ces, as mentioned in the preceding sections of tins bill, shall
be estimated by the route over which letters, newspapers,
&c., are actually transported m the mails; and tliat from and
after the first day of January, eighteen hundred and forty-
seven, the postages on all printed matter passing through
the mails shall be prepaid at the ofTiec in which the same is
deposited, and before the same shall be transmitted by mail.
Sec. 4. Jlndbe it further enacted,. That, in lieu of the com-
missions now allowed by law to deputy postmasters, the
Postmaster Genera) he, and he is hereby, authorized to allow
eaeli postmaster such commissions as shall be adequate to
his services and expenses,not exceeding the following rates
on the amount received in any one year, or the. due propor-
tion of such rates for any period less than a year, to wit:
On a sum not exceeding one hundred dollars, forty per
centum;
On a sum over one hundred dollars and not exceeding
four hundred dollars, thirty per centum;
On a sum over four hundred dollars and not exceeding
. two thousand four hundred dollars, twenty-five per centum ;
On any sum over two thousand four hundred dollars,
twelve per centum;
And on all sums arising from the postage on newspapers,
magazines, and pamphlets, fifty per centum;
And on the amount of postage on letters and packets re-
ceived for distribution, seven per centum ; PravMed, That
all allowances, commissions, and other emolument.-:, shall
be subject to the provisions of the forty-first section of the
act passed the third of March, eighteen hundred and forty-
five, and that the annual compensation therein limited shall
ho computed thr the fiscal year commencing on the fn.-t of
July and ending on the thirtieth of June; and that for any
period less than a year, the restrictions contained in said
section shall be helil to apply, in due propoition, for such
fractional period ; and that the several deputy postmasters,
from and after the passage of this aet, shall have the privi-
lege of receiving through the mails free any letter or packet,
not exceeding two ounces in weight, addressed to them, and
also one daily paper or its equivalent; and may spin) free
through the mails any letter or packet on tile business ol their
respective offices, or of the Post Offlee Department.
Sec. 5. Jlnd he it further enacted, That tile with section of
the aet of the thud March, eighteen bundled and forty five,
which this is intended to amend, shall be, and lhc same is
hereby, repealed, and, in lieu of the money diiected by n to
be pawl to the 1'o^t Oliice Depaitment ftorn the contingent
funds allowed the officers entitled to the trail king privilege,
there shall be paid quarterly from the treasury of the United
States, to the JPost Office Department, seventy-five thousand
d°SRC.'6. Jlni be it further model, That the. privilege of
franking shall, in ftiture, be allowed to the several officers
who were entitled to the same pnor to the passage of the
act of the tl<i«l of March, eighteen hundred and forty-fi ve,
subieet to the following restrictions, to wits That said pri vi-
W shall" be allowed to the Vice President and members
" of the two Houses of Congress for thirty days before the
commencement of Congress, after their respective elections,
and be allowed during their continuance in office, and lor
thirty days after the expiration of their commissions, and to
alf other officers entitled to the privilege the tame shall
. commence and cease with their commissions: Provided,
That this restriction shall not be construed to apply to
Presidents, ex-Presidents, or the widows of cx-rresulents
Madison and Harrison; and during such time, the aforesaid
officers of the Government may receive free through the
mails any letter or packet addressed to them not eveneduig
two ounces in weight, any newspaper or other printed
matter not exceeding four ounces in weight, and any doc-
ument printed by the order of cither House of CougrivB not
exceedin" three pounds in weight: Provided. 1 hat no bound
book shall be regarded as a public document, or be trans-
missible in the mails; and may send through the mads free
anv letter or packet, not exceeding two ounces m weight,
on the business of their respective offices; any newspaper
or other printed matter not exceeding two ounces in weight,
and any document printed by order of either House of Con-
gress, not exceeding three pounds weight. , , „
Sec. 7. J3nd he U further enacted, That, upon the trial of
any person or persons charged with a violation of the po>t
office laws, no person or poisons shall be excu--cil flora giv-
ing evidence m behalf of the United States upon any pi e-
teit or excuse that, in so doing, the person called to testify
may criminate himself as being a paity, or m any manner
connected with the commission of the offence: Piovldcd,
That nothing said or done by such peri-on, as a witness, shall j
ever afterwards be used against him for any participation or ,
connexion which he may have had with the cowou ot
said offence.
The bill having been read through, was taken
up by sections. .
- And the first section being under consideration,
Mr. McCLELLAND moved to strike out the
- seventh, eighth, and ninth lines, as follows:
« And for any distance over 300 miles, and less than 600
- ^''^AndVor any "distance over 600 miles, fifteen cents."
Sir-DOUGLASS moved to amend the said sec-
tion, by striking out from the following item, to wit:
" For every letter or packet weighing one-quartor of an
ounce or less, conveycd 300 miles or less, five cents"—
The words following:
" Conveyed 300 miles or less."
And also to amend by striking out the following
words:
" And for any distance over 300 hundred miles, and less
than C00 miles, ten cents.
" And for <my distance over GOO miles, fifteen cents."
And to insert the following:
"For eveiy letter or package weighing a quarter of an
ounce or less, tor any distance, five cents."
Mr. BRINKERHOFF. Thin is not ad valo-
rem.
Mr. DOUGLASS said that he believed if the
change contemplated by this amendment should be
made, the Post Office Department would be able to
support itself. He believed that the simplest and
best system that could be adopted, would be to
make postage uniform tlnoughout the Union. A
fair trial would, he doubted not, amply justify this
assertion.
He would also move an amendment making the
other provisions of the bill conform to that ho had
proposed. He would retain the provision that
whenever a letter should be on one sheet of paper,
and weigh over a quarter of an ounce or less than
half an ounce, then the letter should bo charged
only five cents.
Mr. HOPK.INS hoped the gentleman from Illi-
nois would not press his amendment, until an
amendment he was instructed to bring forward
from the Committee on the Post Oliice and Post
Roads, which would be to strike out the proposed
rate of 15 cents from the bill, was oll'ered, leaving
the present rates<ot' 5 and 10 cents. It' the bill
passed, the expected increase of revenue was to
result from the decrease of weight in the single let-
ter—the bill reducing it from one-half ounce to
one-quarter ounce, lie appealed to his iriefid
from Illinois not to press his amendment aL this
time. Mr. H. estimated tliat the result of sycli an
enactment would be to create a deficiency in the
revenues of the department of nioic than a million
of dollars, and this on the hypodiesiei of an in-
crease ot' correspondence of 100 per cent.
lie referred to the deficiency of revenue under
the existing law, which lie said might be fairly es-
timated at very nearly §1,000,000; although, ironi
savings in the letting* of contracts eli'ccted by the
Postmaster General, it would be reduced to some-
thing like f540,000. Were gentlemen, in the f ace
of these facts, prepared to go lor a further reduc-
tion, thus throwing the department as a charge on
the treasury, at a time when it was so illy aole to
sustain it?
Remarking that he did not intend to debate this
ground that it conferred the greatest benefits on
the greatest number. He was in favor of free
postages fo the army during war; of pre-payment;
of reducing the weight to quarter ounce; and of
other modifications (which he mentioned) in the
present law.
Mr. STANTON gave notice of an amendment,
which he should offer when in order.
Mr. GORDON obtained the floor, and yielded to
his colleague, .
Mr. HOUGH, who caused to be read a substi-
tute for the entire bill, which he intended to offer
when in order.
Mr. GORDON resumed the floor; but, it being
contested by Mr. Ciiii'man, on a division on a
point of order, no quorum voted.
The committee rose and reported that fact.
THE MADISON PAPERS.
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved that the bill here-
to fore reported from the select committee, provi-
ding for the publication of the Madison papers,
be made the special order for to-morrow.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON felt constrained, he
said, to object.
A brief conversation followed between Mr.
i DROMGOOLE and Mr. PETTIT, as to the pa-
pers included in the contemplated publication.
After which, no quorum being present,
The House adjourned.
question at all, it being u subject Willi which all
gentlemen were familiar, lie proceeded briefly to
explain and defend the provisions ot the bill, and
of amendments which he intended to otl'cr, yield-
ing, in the course of Ins remarks, for explanation
or inquiry, to Messrs. JACOli 'i'ilOAiPSON,
FAR.'liN, McOLELLANl), and WOOD.
Mr. THOMASSON (a member of the Post
Office Committee) opposed the bill, particularly on
the grounds of its opprossue operation on the com-
merce of the West and the postage-payers ot the
western country, and advocated a uniform rate
for all distances at five cents. Judging from the
greater increase of letters at the rate ot live cents,
than of those at ten cents, he was safe in saying,
that if one uniform rate of five cents was estab-
lished, the department could sustain itself in less
than one year. He advocated a provision making
postage free to our soldiers m tho army of the
United States.
Pic gave notice of a substitute for the bill, and
enforced its provisions.
Mr. OWEN said if the vote was pressed on the
amendment making a uniform rate at five cents and |
quarter ounce weight for the single letter, he should j
vote for it. Yet there were strong reasons for do- ;
laying it a year or two. And he thought he might
say tiie Postmaster General was of opinion that in
a year or two we might adopt it. Mr. O. was of
opinion that the deficiency would not be great even
if adopted now. He expressed himself in favor of
the principle of pre-payment, and of free postage
to the soldiers of our army on the other side of the
Rio Grande, and briefly gave some other general
views.
Mr. FARAN advocated cheap postages on the
same principle that he did low duties—on the
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, July 28, 1846.
Mr. ASH LEY, from the Committee on Pensions,
reported a bill for the relief of Elizabeth Pisfate;
which was read, and the report was ordered to
bepiinted.
Mr. A. also, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, who, by resolution of the Senate, were in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of extend-
ing the criminal laws of the United States over the
Indian connlry, reported a bill for that purpose;
which was read, anil passed to the second reading.
Mr. A. gave notice that he would, at the earliest
momenCal'ier the bill had been printed and laid
upon the. tables of the Senate, ask its considera-
tion. The committee had comc to the conclusion
that the provisions of the bill would be (he best
calculated of any thing to put an end to flic frequent
murders in the Indian country. The repoitaccom-
nanying the bill was ordered to be printed.
Mr. .PENNYBACKER, from the Committee
of Claims, reported back, without amendment, the
bill for the relief Hobson Johns.
RESIGNATION OF MR. HAYWOOD.
BENTON rose and said:
Mr
T rise to ask the indulgence of the Senate to
make a remark upon an occurrence of yesterday,
which a slight delay in arriving at my seat pre-
vented me from making at the time it happened.
I allude to the resignation of Mr. Senator Hay-
wood, read to the Senate yesterday morning at
the opening of the session, a few minutes before
I came into the chamber. 1 ask the indulgence of
the Senate to say now what I should have said
then, if 1 had been present.
["Leave, leave," "proceed," from various
parts of the Chamber.]
I have to say, then, that I was cognizant of all
the motives and feelings which actuated Mr. Hay-
wood from the beginning to the ending of the cir-
cumstances which led to this painful occurrence.
He was absent from the city when the bill which
has occasioned his resignation came up from the
House of Representatives. On his return to the
city, and within a few minutes after his appear-
ance ill this Chamber, he called me aside to let me
know that he had insuperable objections to the
hill, and desired to talk it over with myself and
other friends, with a view to amend it into a form
which would enable him to support it. To the
Senator from New York, who sits on my right,
[Mr. Dix,] he said the same thing at the same
time; and ended with asking to see us both at my
house that evening. Of course, we met as request-
ed. It is needless to detail what passed: a general
statement will be sufficient as the basis and justifi-
cation of the opinions and sentiments which 1 pro-
pose to express. Mr. Haywood went over the
grounds of his objection to the bill, and declared
the impossibility of his voting for it unless essen-
tially amended. I agreed with him in his objec-
tions—I mean objections generally, both to the
