1148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 28,
bill, and to the mode and manner of getting it up,
and getting it through—but objected to all attempts
to amend it, for such reasons as I had the honor to
expose to the Senate on yesterday; and stated my
own determination to vote for it, objectionable as I
held it to be, as the means of putting an end to the
act of 1842. He reiterated the impossibility of
voting for it; and from that moment, the question
with him was, between a motion to postpone the
time for the bill to take effect, or resignation. I
let him know that I could not vote for the post-
ponement, and thought he ought not to resign, but
do as his friends did who thought as poorly of the
bill as he did, but who would vote for it as a
means of putting an end to the act of 1842. Prom
this time, which was near a fortnight ago, until
within two hours before his resignation, our com-
munications on the subject were frequent, and in-
deed almost daily. I have made this general state-
ment, Mr. President, for the purpose of showing
that I know the motives and feelings—that 1 have
the best opportunity of knowing the motives and
the feelings—under which the Senator from North
Carolina resolved on his resignation, and have a
right to bear testimony to the purity, the patriot-
ism, and the elevation of sentiment under which
that Senator acted. He resigned to avoid a vote
against the bill. He resigned with a full convic-
tion that his resignation would not affect the fate
of the bill—that it would pass either with, or with-
out his presence; and that his withdrawal would,
in fact, facilitate its passage. These I know to
have been the motives and feelings under which he
acted; and I discharge a,duty sacred to personal
and political friendship—sacred to private and pub-
lic worth—in taking this opportunity, on this ele-
vated floor, to bear witness to the noble and exalt-
ed sense of honor and duty under which my hon-
orable friend has ceased .to be a member of this
body. This is what I have to say in relation to
the motives and feelings of Mr. Haywood, and of
his high and honorable purpose, in the act of resig-
nation , which a conscientious sense of duty imposed
upon him. Further than this the occasion, as it
concerns him, would not require me to go. I have
paid the debt of justice to him. But I look to our-
selves—this Senate—which has to regret the loss
of one of its most intelligent, courteous, and agree-
able members—I look to the country, the whole
Union, which has to witness the loss of a Senator
who could expand his views to the wide expanse
of the entire Union when its honor and its inter-
ests were at stalce—and I turn to myself, and have
to lament tire loss of a personal friend, of heredi-
tary friendship through generations, whose society
is pleasant to me—the loss of a political friend,
whose aid and counsel has often been serviceable
to me—and upon whose future aid and counsel I
had largely counted in assisting mo to discharge
my duty to my country in the arduous circum-
stances m which she is now placed.
Mr. MANGUM said he was very much grati-
fied that tlie Senator from Missouri had thought
proper to advert to tiiis matter. He was the more
so, inasmuch as the organ of the Government, m
this city, had assailed Mr. Haywood's public and
private character with such a degree of ferocity,
and, in his judgment, so unjustly, that he thought
every liberal Senator would stand forward and
sustain and commend what every one must ac-
knowledge to be the perfect purity and disinterest-
edness of his course in regard to the subject which
was the occasion of his resignation. No man in
the State of North Carolina, perhaps, differed more
widely than himself from the late Senator in politi-
cal sentiment; that difference had long existed, and
was likely to continue; but political considerations
could never be permitted to interfere, so far as he
was concerned, with feelings of personal respect
for a gentleman whose honor and probity were un-
contaminated and entirely above suspicion, though
assailed in the unworthy manner which they had
witnessed in the Government paper in this city.
Without adverting to the wisdom or judiciousness
of the course adopted by his late colleague, he was
satisfied that he had acted upon the best considera-
tion, and upon his honest conception of what was
due to himself and to the country as a patriotic
citizen; and he felt that it was due to him that this
expression should be made public, in contraven-
„ tion of the insidious slanders which were propa-
gated by the Government paper; and that the State
of which he was so able a representative should
not be deceived by any false representations.
Mr. M. further felt that it was due to the good
old North State that her public servants here should
be vindicated against aspersions touching purity
and fidelity in office—aspersions unknown in that
State, from the period of her colonial history, as
affecting either the judicial ermine or legislative in-
tegrity. Errors both she and her servants may
have fallen into, but the tongue of slander had
never hitherto alleged personal corruption, within
his knowledge, of" any of her public servants,
whether in legislative or judicial capacity. Her
character had been uniformly marked with digni-
fied moderation, aspuie as it was unpretending;
and he (Mr. M.) hoped, when he should close his
eyes upon earth, that he might leave with the be-
lief that her character was unspotted and unstained
by those upon whom she had devolved high re-
sponsibility, and that, for many and long years
thereafter, she might preserve that perfect purity,
far more precious than any false glare unaccom-
panied by virtue.
Mr. Haywood acted, in regard to tho subject
under review, with the most perfect delicacy. He
believed there was not a Wing in that body (if
there was an exception, he hoped such of his
frienda as might chance to constitute that excep-
tion would indicate it now) who had any knowl-
edge of Mr. Haywood's purpose to resign, unless
by inference, (for he seemed recently to be uneasy
and unhappy;) and he knew also that, if Mr. Hay-
wood had found that his vote could have been
made effectual for his country's interest, he never
would have abandoned his seat, but would have
taken the responsibility of defeating the measure;
but finding that his vote was not likely to be effec-
tive, and that the result would he the same, rather
than <throw himself into conflict with his friends,
he resigned his seat. In making up his mind to
retire from the Senate, Mr. Haywood, he believed,
had rested his determination, not on any influence
which it might produce upon himself politically,
but upon his conscientious convictions of right.
He had determined, as a gentleman and a Christian,
after having laid before Ins friends on Ins own side
of the Chamber his convictions, and he believed
he had had no consultation with a single Whig
friend upon the subject.
Sir, (continued Mr. M.)~I do most checrfuIIy
and cordially concur in the sentiments expressed
by the honorable Senator from Missouri, that Mr.
Haywood, in"forming his purpose, was under the
influence of none other than considerations high,
elevated, pure, and honorable. He (Mr. Hay-
wood) might despise a rabid press—to abuse is its
vocation. He might despise the servitors of power,
and their vile, mercenary, and sycophantic follow-
ers—the jaekalls that would despoil the sanctuary
of the grave, and exhume reputation to be offered
in sacrifice, in burnt sacrifices, to the passions of
their masters and corrupters—and repose upon the
esteem of good and just and liberal men.
Mr. M. felt sure that Mr. Haywood, at no period
of his life, enjoyed more of the respect and consid-
eration of liberal men of all parties in his native
State than he has for the last several months, and
does at the present moment. North Carolina will
feel justly proud that she is the venerable mother of
three Democratic Senators who have recently ren-
dered signal and distinguished service to the coun-
try upgn another great question—Oregon; and, co-
operating with the Whigs, saved the country from
all the destructive horrors of a British war. [Mr.
M. referred to his late colleague and the distin-
guished Senators from Missouri and Mississippi.]
With the profoundest political difference upon the
most of questions, he (Mr. M.) yet felt that his
State had lost an able, vigilant, and faithful public
servant, and he a colleague entitled to his respect
and kindly consideration—at ail events to this
naked act of justice to his integrity, purity, and
perfect conscientiousness in this last act, his resig-
nation.
Mr. DIX said:
Mr. President: I rise to express my concur-
rence in what the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
1 Benton,] has said of the opinions expressed by
Mr. Haywood in respect to the tariff bill before
the Senate. About two weeks ago, Mr. Hay-
wood, in an interview with the Senator from Mis-
souri and myself, and m other conversations with
me, said that he could not vote for the bill, and
that he might find himself in the embarrassing
position of being compelled to resign his seat, or
separate from the majority of his political friends
by voting against it. I differed in opinion with
him in respect to the propriety of his resignation.
As his friend, I said what it was proper for me to
say to dissuade him from it. He acted on his
own judgment and his own responsibility in the
performance of what he deemed a duty to himself
and the public; and it affoois me pleasure to bear
my testimony to the purity of the motives by
wliich he was actuated. In all my intercourse with
Mr. Haywood, on this occasion _as on all. others,
I have been strongly impressed with the elevation
of his character and the strict honor by which he
is governed, both in his private and his public con-
duct.
Mr. NILES stated his full and entire conviction
that the motives by which the late Senator from
North Carolina had been actuated were not of a
selfish character; and, as there must have been
some motive for taking the course he had taken,.
he was "inclined to attribute that motive to some
other source. He believed that the severe castiga-
tion which had been dealt out to him, was not so
much intended for the gentleman over whose back
it was applied, as it was for others. What could
not well be said directly to those who remained there,
might be safely said to one who was now officially
powerless. Other publications had been made
through the same channel, containing the most false
insinuations against. Senators and others, repre-
senting that capitalists and their agents were em-
ploying large sums of money for purposes of
bribery and corruption. No one could doubt the
purpose and intent of all these publications; their
purpose was neither more nor less than to destroy
the freedom of action in Congress._ He could dis-
cover no other purpose; and, if it had come to
this, they were progressing- rapidly to a state of
things a little inconsistent, lie thought, with free
and enlightened legislation. Where was the dif-
ference betwixt the exercise of a power of this
kind now attempted to be brought to bear upon the
action of Senators, and that sort of influence
arising from intimidation, which they were in-
formed had, in other countries and in other times,
m revolutionary times, controlled other great legis-
lative bodies—the influence of combinations, of
associations, formed to control, not by arguments,
but by threats and by instruments of death?
Sir, said Mr. N., these are evil times. If wo
are not to be left free to act here on all questions,
and especially upon those of the greatest magni-
tude, especially upon those affecting most deeply
the interests of our constituents, then our legisla-
tion will neither receive nor deserve public confi-
dence. What must bo thought of a law that can
find its way through Congress by means lilfe these?
What must be thought by the country when Sen-
ators are overawed and controlled, when it is known
that their votes arenot the lesult of their judgment,
but of these deleterious influences? Sir, I am
gratified that this thing has been alluded to. Truly,
we have fallen upon evil times; and, sir, when the
history of these times shall come to he written, as
written they must be, the pen of the historian will
scarcely be able to do them justice. For one,
having taken- some responsibility in regard to this
matter, I have no fear as to what will be the public
judgment upon my course. 1 do not allude to
these things as affecting myself in the slightest de-
gree. My opinions I am at all times ready to
avow; and I am not to be turned from my course
in the discharge of my duty by slanders or insinu-
ations of any kind. If I had supposed that such
a thing as this new tariff bill would ever have
come here, I would have made an early move-
ment against it; but I never supposed that such a
thing was probable, and therefore took no trouble
about it. I did not suppose it possible that a bill
like that would ever reach this body. When it
1 came here, I met it as 1 believed it my duty to
'• meet it; and 1 can only say that I shall continue
; my hostility to it, and, whatever may be the issue,
: I shall console myself with the reflection that I
' have done what I could do to avert the evil which
] it must bring upon the country,
j Mr. BERRIEN said it was not his purpose to
( express an opinion as to the wisdom of the course
j which the late Senator from North Carolina had
! thought proper to adopt in retiring from that body;
i that was a matter for his own judgment and dis-
j cretion. He stood in no relation to that gentleman
i which authorized him to be consulted upon the
■ subject, or which authorized him to offer advice,
i But, looking at the course of that gentleman while
