1150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 28,
is instructed to ascertain what amount of duty on
other articles will be necessary to bring; in ade-
quate revenue. Has any effort been made to do
that? Does not the country want money? Every-
body knows that. How much? Can anybody
tell ? But that I suppose can be ascertained by
going to the Secretary of the Treasury, and. asking
hnn what, in his judgment, the wants of the treas-
ury wjII be this year. If that be ascertained, then
the gentleman can set about in earnest, and see ifhe
can levy sufficient duty to bring in money enough
to supply the wants of the Government. I hope,
therefore, that the request of the majority of the
committee will be denied.
Mr. SPEIGHT said, it is sufficient for my pur-
pose to remark, that the majority of the committee
have ordered this bill to be reported back, and to
ask that they be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the instructions. I shall give my rea-
sons, and leave others to offer theirs. We have,
I believe, about eight days—eight legislative days
«—left of this session, after to-day. , The latter part
of these instructions strikes at the very root of this
bill, and proposes to remodel the system, and, m
fact, to bring in a new tariff of duties. Now, sir,
would the honorable Senator from Maryland, who
seems to take such a deep interest in carrying out
these instructions, or would the mover of the reso-
lution, be good enough to tell me what is meant by
" the exigencies of the country," alluded to in the
last clause of these instructions? Are the ordinary
expenses of the Government meant—such expen-
ses as are usually incurred in carrying on the Gov-
ernment ? or is it intended by that phrase to cover
the whole expenses of the war during the current
year ? In neither event, I undertake to say, would
either of these distinguished Senators, great adepts
as they may be in figures and calculations, be able,
with the aid of the best accountant in the city of
"Washington, to make these calculations in a week.
They cannot take up this tariff, ascertain the amount
of money wanted, the quantity of imports to be ex-
pected, the proper duty on each article, and put all
m proper form, and presentitherc in a week. And
yet we are required to do all this, when but eight
days remain of the session. The majority in both
Houses has fixed on the tenth day of August as
the period of adjournment; and I wish it to be
borne in mind that that arrangement was made
contrary to my vote. The very state of things now
exists which I predicted when this day of adjourn-
ment was fixed—that we should find the time run
out, and not time left to finish this important sub-
ject; and now, sir, at the request of those chiefly
who urged upon us that day of adjournment, we
are to go to work and remodel the tariff, and the
whole to be done in eight days ! I put it to every
gentleman acquainted with this business, if he be-
lieves that, in the short time allotted for the trans-
action of the remaining business of the session, it
be possible to carry into effect these instructions,
and, at the same time, make the bill a law? We
have reported this bill back, and the instructions
with it, and respectfully ask—because we have not
time to take up these instructions—to be discharged.
If we cannot be discharged, we must go to work
for the balancc of the session, and perhaps when
the day of adjournment arrives we shall be as near
a report as we are now.
Mr. BENTON. I am one of the majority of the
committee who directed this bill to be brought back
to the Senate, and the motion to be made to dis-
charge the committee from its further considera-
tion. 1 did so, not from any desire to avoid labor,
or to show dissatisfaction at the order of the Senate,
but truly and sincerely for the reason stated by the
chainnaii of the committee. The instruction sent
to the committee would require from them an anx-
ious and laborious investigation, requiring much
time and, much research. I desire the Secretary of
the Senate to read the instruction, that the Senate
may see again, and more fully feel, the extent and
responsibility of the labor it imposed upon them.
The Secretary read the instructions as follows:
"Commit the bill to the Committee on Finance, with
instructions to remove the new duties imposed by s-aid bill
in all cases wheie .my foieign law material is taxed to the
prejudice of any mechanic ormnrmfaotum-, so that no other
or higher duty shall be collected on uny such law material
than is provided by the act of August 30, 18-12; and iu)ther,
so to regulate ail the duties proposed by thU bill, as to raise
a revenue sufficient for the exigencies of the country."
The Senate will now, and under the calm appeal
which is made to it, see that an amount of labor
would be imposed upon the committee by this in-
struction which there is no time to perform, and
which it is in vain to undertake. The instruction
divides itself into two distinct branches—first, to
remove the duties from foreign raw material which
is taxed to the prejudice of any mechanic or manu-
facturer; secondly, to regulate all the duties' im-
posed by the bill so as to raise the revenue which
the exigency of the country requires. Each branch
of this instruction would require a large investiga-
tion. The first one requires a close examination
into the raw materials brought from abroad, and
their use by mechanics and manufacturers. In the
first place, what is raw material? It is presumed
to be that which the manufacturer or mechanic
uses in carrying on his art or trade. Now apply
this to leather. To the manufacturer, (the tanner,)
the raw hide, with the hair upon it, is the raw
material; to the mechanic who makes saddles,
bridles, harness, boots, shoes, the dressed skin as
it comes from the tanner, is the raw material.
Then what shall the committee do?—untax both
articles, and prejudice one or the other of the par-
tics? The same of cloth. To the manufacturer,
wool is the raw material: to the tailor, the finished
cloth is the raw material. Which article shall be
untaxed ? But the instruction requires both to be
released from tax, and at the same time prejudice
one of the parties, which the instruction forbids.
This is only a sample. The difficulty of ascertain-
ing what is raw material will require long examina-
tions from practical mechanics and manufacturers.
It would be impossible for the committee to act
upon their own lights with any safety or know-
ledge of the subject. The nine remaining legis-
lative days of the session would not be sufficient
to execute this hranch of the subject, except as a
blind man would cut and carve, or as a man would
perform an anatomical operation, who did not
know the difference between a muscle and a nerve,
or between a vein and an artery.
The next branch of the instruction is still more
intricate, comprehensive, and responsible. After
freeing raw materials from duty, the committee is
to proceed to regulate all the duties so as to pro-
duce a sufficient revenue for the exigencies of the
country. This involves large inquiries. First, as
to the exigencies of the country. The committee
will have to make up an opinion upon these exi-
gencies. They will have to decide upon the length
and breadth—the expense and cost—of the Mexi-
can war, and of all other branches of the public
service. The committee will become something
like a committee of public safety, invested with
the duties of the Executive officers of the Govern-
ment, and authorized to know of the President how
he means to conduct the war, and whether he is
for making early peace, or carrying on long: war. j
Well, when the committee should have decided all j
these questions, and made up their minds as to the !
amount which the exigencies of the country may I
require, then comes the labor of calculating the :
amount which each article of importation will pro-
duce, and the distribution of the whole sum among
several hundred different items. This would be
herculean work; but before it could be begun, a
literal obedience of the instruction would render
superfluous a bill already passed—that for loans
and treasury notes!—for the instruction requires
all the revenue wanted for all the exigencies of the
country to be raised from the duties which the
committee are to arrange among the articles im-
ported. But, leaving this difficulty out, the two
points of ascertaining the amount of revenue neces-
sary, and their levying it upon the items in the bill,
would be a work of weeks, or months, and could
not possibly be performed with any judgment or
discretion in the few days which remain of the
session, and when the presence of the members of
the committee is required in this Chamber, in dis-
charge of their ordinary legislative duties from
morning till night.
I make this exhibition of the labors which the
instruction would impose on the committee for two
purposes: first, to justify the committee 111 asking
to be discharged from the consideration of the in-
structions sent to them; and, next, in warning
Senators of the consequences of refusing the dis-
charge. This is the serious point of view under
which the question of discharge must now be con-
templated. Thus far the committee is not in con-
tempt, or in a state of disobedience to the Senate;
nor is it my intention, or that of any part of the
committee—I speak for them from a knowledge of
their characters, without having consulted them—
to commit a contempt, or disobey the Senate. The
motion we have made is parliamentary; it is re-
spectful ; it is a reference to lift Senate to say wheth-
er, after hearing the declaration of the commit-
tee, that they cannot execute the duty required of
them, with any justice to the subject or them-
selves, in the short time that remains of the ses-
sion—whether, under this declaration, the Senate
will still require the committee to go on to execute
the instruction ? If the Senate does this—and "this
will be the effect of refusing to discharge us—then'
the case is altered with us. We can no longer
refuse to obey the Senate. We must go to work,
and that in good faith, to do the best we can. We
cannot come back with what the workmen call a
botch—that is to say, a spoilt piece of work.. We
must do our best, and that will require more time
—far more time—than remains of this session.
And this brings me to«the great point: the vote
now to be taken is a vote on the life or death of
the bill! And in that point of view I shall ask
the yeas and nays on this question of discharge,
that every Senator may show to his constituents
how he voted ! and whether he went for the life or
death of the bill! Every Senator will wish to
show this to his constituents; and every con-
stituency will wish to see what his representative
did in this final vote. This vote upon the dis-
charge is final! If the committee is not discharged,
the bill is killed ! no, not killed, but worse—buried
alive, to die a slow but certain death in the com-
mittee room of the Finance Committee of the Sen-
ate ! Let no Senator deceive himself. Let no
one indulge in illusions. This question, in its
form, seems to be collateral and interlocutory: but
it is not so. In its substance and effect, it is the
final and decisive vote! as much so as if it was a
direct vote on the final passage of the bill. This is
the fact, and I declare it from my place, as a Sen-
ator, and as a member of the committee, that no
Senator may be under a mistake as to the effect of
his vote, nor have the least doubt, if he votes
against the discharge of the committee he votes
for the death of the'bill, and that not responsibly,
by putting it to death on the floor of the Senate,
but by sending it out to he buried alive, and to lie
dead m the room of the Finance Committee.
Mr. HUNTINGTON- then said: I think, Mr.
President, the proposition made by the chairman
of the Committee of Finance has placed this body-
in a condition in which it was never placed before.
I doubt very much whether an. instance is to be
found in the legislation of this body, in which an
order of the Senate to do a specific act has been
refused to be complied with by a committee of the
body without an attempt to do it.
Mr. LEWIS. The*committee only ask to be
discharged.
Mr. HUNTINGTON. The gentleman says
the committee ask to he discharged. They have
positively declined compliance with the instruc-
tions. They have reported back the bill, without
an amendment, and without performing the duty
imposed upon them by this body. The reason
assigned for that course I shall consider piesently.
I repeat, I very much doubt whether another in-
stance can be found in the annals of legislation, in
this or any other body, which can compare with
this case. Why, what did this Senate do yester-
day? After grave deliberation and full discussion,
they decided that this bill should be amended.
Did they not? Did they not inform the appropri-
ate committee of this body that in such and such
particulars the bill was to be amended? And was
not the bill, by a vote of the Senate, sent to thi3
committee with these specific instructions, and an
oi der to comply with them r It was not a question
of expediency. It was not left to the discretion of
the committee. It was not a matter submitted to
their judgment, to be adopted if they chose, and
from the consideration of which they were to be
discharged. Well, what have the committee done ?
Instead of complying with this order—instead of
making the amendments which the Senate directed
to be made, they report the bill back to you, and
ask to be discharged, declining the performance of
their duty. Am I not right, then, in characteri-
zing this as a most extraordinary, as an unprece-
dented pioccdure on the part of the committee?
What is the leason assigned for this extraordinary
I conduct? Why, the first reason, and the only
| reason, is that suggested by the Senator from Ala-
j Imma (the chairman of the committee) at the close . v
i of his remarks, that there was not time for the -
