■ 1846.:
. ■' "W--
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1151
performance of this duty. Npt time! Not time
to do tyhat? In the first:place, Mr. President,,
this body-decided that they had time. They did
not tell them to report the bill this morning; but
.under a full knowledge that the Senate was to ad-
journ on the 10th of August, directed this duty to
"be done. , And now, what has the committee sub-
stantially done? Why, they declare that they
thjnk* tW Senate ought not to have imposed this
* duty upon them, because there is not time for its
' performance. This they say, when the Senate,
■ by its act, has declared that there is time for the
performance of this duty! I say, then, that the
Senate on yesterday , having decided that this bill
should not pass without these amendments, the
committee to whom it was entrusted have reported
it back without them, and ask to be discharged, in
order, as the Senator from Missouri says, that a
test vote may be taken. I say, then, and say it
with great respect, that the Senate, if it agrees to
the request of the committee, is about to give its
sanction to the doctrine that it shall be in the power
of a committee to disregard its order, by coming
in and refusing to make amendments specially
directed to be made; and thus present, on their
own authority, the naked question again for the
decision of the body, which the Senate have deci-
ded should not be put till after these amendments
are made. But there is not time. Not time!
"VYhat is, th'e first clause in the amendment pro-
Mr. SPEIGHT]. Look to the latter part of the
instruction's.
Mr. HUNTINGTON. I shall come to'that
presently. The, first amendment is to the effect
that you are to graduate this bill with reference to
the act of 1842, in regard to the raw material used
by mechanics and manufacturers. Well, now,
practically, what is " raw material ?'' Who does
not know what it is? It is known, technically,
quite well. There can bo no dispute about it.
Everybody knows what it means. But, in addi-
tion to this, the committee have not, gone into the
inquiry as to what is raw material. Have they
come together and consulted ? Have they inquired
of my friends from Maryland and from Maine,
what constituted raw material?—cotton, or hemp,
or wool? No. They have had no consultation
at all. But a majority of the committee report,
back the bill without any amendment at all, and
then come in and say they do not, know what is
meant by " raw material." That they do without
endeavoring to ascertain what is " raw material."
Is this according to the usual mode of legislation ?
If they can ascertain what is raw material, pray,
how long time would it require to wake the amend-
ments which have been ordered ? All they have got
to do is to-take the tariff of 1842, ascertain this raw
material, a,nd 'accommodate it to the smlo of that
act. ■ If free, all they have got to do is to put it in
their free list. If taxed, set it down at the same
rate at which it is taxed in the act of 1840. Note
the amendment—" so that no other and higher
duty," &c. All they have got to do is to take this
volume, which contains the act of 1842, look t,o
the list of the raw materials, apply it to that act,
and amend your bill accordingly. The whole pro-
cess would not take half an hour. Sir, there is
not a'member of this committee that in one hour
could not frame the amendment in pursuance of
these instructions. Well, what is the second clause
of the instructions ? "So to regulate all the duties
proposed by this bill as to raise a revenue sufficient
for the exigencies of the country." Not time to
do this? Not time, Mr. President, to ascertain
what the country wants? Why, has not the de-
partment, within a few days, reported to you what
they wanted to expend? Has not my friend, the
chairman of the Committee of Finance, told you
what this bill would raise ? Don't you know ho w
much this will be reduced, if it be reduced at all,
by compliance with the first clause of the instruc-
tions ? Can't you tell the difference remaining to
be provided for? My friend, from Mississippi,
[Mr. Speioht,] thinks there is not time to make
these wonderfully elaborate calculations within the
eleven working days of this session which remain.
I ask him, is he not as able to make this bill con-
formable to the second instruction, as he is to say
that the bill itself is now in a condition m which it
• does not want any amendment for any purpose
connected with the revenue ?
Mr. SPEIGHT. I am not able to do it; and I
do not think that any gentleman is able to do it.
Mr. HUNTINGTON. The inability must be
owing entirely to the state of the Senator's health,
which I regret is not at present vigorous. Because,
otherwise, I know—no, I will not say that—but I
believe he is very competent to amend the bill in
the time left us. But if he thinks it cannot be done,
there is my friend, the Chairman cf the Committee
of Finance. He understands this business; and I
think my friend from Maine [Mr. Evans] under-
stands something about it. He has been almost
long enough in the traces to know something about
the finances and commercial affairs of the country,
and I think if you would give him an opportunity
to express his views in relation-to the second in-
struction, he could produce them, not only very
practically and promptly, but also very usefully to
the country. But they do not give him a chance.
He has no opportunity to give to the country, or
the Senate, the benefits of his experience. And so
it is also with my friend from Maryland, [Mr.
Johnson.] So also with us all, for the committee
litwe decided that there is not time, and therefore
they refer the bill back to the Senate. Now I sub-
mit to this body—and I submit it witli confidence—
whether they are prepared to establish the prece-
dent that a committee intrusted with the perform-
ance of a great duty—a duty devolved upon them
by the Senate—shall come up to this body and vir-
tually say that they have not complied with the
order because they think they have not time, when
the Senate have decided to the contrary ? Sii*, 1
think it is not only unusual and extraordinary, but
I think it is due to the Senate, and those who voted
for this amendment, that the original purpose of the
Senate should he adhered to. My friend from
Missouri says that if the committee be again in-
structed, he will set himself to work. I wish to
know whether it be necessary to have a reiteration
of the order of the Senate in order to have the dot v
performed which was assigned to that honorable
gentleman and the other members of the commit-
tee. I make these remarks with great respect, and
with entire kindness to all tho gentlemen compo-
sing the committee. But, I repeat again, the course
of the committee is not only unusual, but I think
that it, is due to the Senate, that after having sol-
1 emnly decided this question and referred it to the
| committee, thus declaring not only that it is prae-
! ticable to main- the anu-ndnicnt, hut that there is
j (ime to do it, tho committee should he held to the
' discharge of their duty. 1 therefore hope that the.
Senate will refuse to accept this proposition made
by the chairman of the Committee of Finance.; that
they will not.be discharecd; and that they will be
sent back to put this bill in a shape conformable
with the instructions ordered hy the Senate, and
which, in my judgment, it is the duty of the com-
mittee to carry out.
Mr. JARNAGIN" next addressed the Senate,
and said: I'Vom the position which I occupy, I
deem it my duty to pat an cud to this whole nfluir.
I am satisfied now that no amendment, can he, or
will be, made to this bill; and therefore it would
be useless to insist upon the committee keeping the
 -T  1 IV, 1.1*1 £c 11- ut if* mi
bill before them,
m, when they inform us that if an
amendment is to he made, it wall have, the effect ot
preventing action on tlm hill. 1 would not dis-
charge the duties imposed upon nie hy my instruc-
tions, and which I avowed my intention of obey-
ing and carrying out, if 1 were to assent to such a
course. T thought atone time,when this bill came,
from the House of Representatives, that my duty,
as prescribed in my instructions, was to vote for
the bill as it came from the House, not because I
thought it a good bill, not because I approved of it,
but because we were to be put on a great experi-
ment, and I was willing that they should take the
bill as prepared by themselves, and abide the con-
sequences. Such was my feel ins; when it. came
from the House, and such was my determination.
But when I saw the exigencies of the country,
when I saw that we were issuing treasury notes,
and when, to my entire satisfaction, it was demon-
strated that this bill would reduce the revenue that
was obtained under the act of 3842, that, when
amendments were proposed, which, in my judg-
ment, appeared to be calculated to better the bill,
why, sir, my purpose was changed, and I felt it
my'duty to vote for them. But now the aspect of
the case is again changed. The opposite party re-
fuse to make the amendments, and I am called on
to discharge the committee. What am I to do? I
cannot get the amendments which are so desirable.
I asked that they should be made. I voted for
committing the bill for that purpose. The major-
ity of the committee advocate the bill, and they
tell us that the amendments cannot be made. The
question then is, Is this bill to pass ?" or u is it
to be defeated by my vote ?" I frankly admit, that,
with a full desire to do my duty, I was disposed to
agree with my political associates, and vote for the
postponement of action oil the bill. I determined
on that. But I have had time to consider; and the
result of that more mature consideration has been
a different conctasion. Why postpone the bill, if
it is destined to pass ? Unless it is anticipated that
before the next meeting of Congress such a change
of opinion of the people of the United States will
take place as to give a majority against the bill,
why postpone action ? Is it at all likely that such
a change will take place ?_ And even suppose it did
take place, when does this bill go into operation.
On the first of December next, and Congress
meets on the first Monday of December next. If
such a change takes place in the interval, will it
not then be just as easy to repeal tins law as to
prevent its passage? What, then, is to .be gain-
ed by postponement? Nothing, but to lead the
country into a state of security which may, and
likely would, prove to be altogether deceptive—
to iead them to look for a result altogether illu-
sory. Better let the bill go before the people,
then. Let each man consult his neighbor as to
its merits. Let them hold public meetings, and
ojve expression to public opinion. Let the people
instruct their Representatives, who will come fresh
from the body of tho people, and give expression
to their will as to whether this is to continue the
law or not. Would not an uncertainty as to the
passage of this bill he productive of evil results ?
As for myself, I cannot get an expression of opin-
ion from my Legislature till October come a year.
I cannot travel throughout the State to get individ-
ual opinion. Nothing is. to be ginned by delay,
and in my deliberate opinion, delay would be pie-
iudieial to the great interests of the country. J. his
'is not all. I am bound to be frank and explicit.
This measure has assumed a party character—m
other words, it is a Democratic measure; and le-
cent occurrences have thrown upon me a responsi-
bility which does not appropriately belong to me.
On the question of engrossing tins hill, 1 do not
mem) to occupy a position which will enable men
to say that this measure was forced upon the coun-
try by a Whig vote. I represent but one state.
You, Mr. President, in your representative char-
acter, represent the whole people of the United
States. If this be a Democratic measure, and it
it be desirable for the Democratic party to carry it
out, I shall, when the question conies on the en-
orossment of the bill, transfer the whole responsi-
bility, as far as I am concerned, to the keeping of
the representative of the whole people, and then
we will know whether it be, a Democratic measure
or not. Now I repeat, I will not allow it to be
said that, this was forced upon the people of tho
United States by a Whig vote. I shall, when the
time comes, obey my instructions; but I wish to
stand rectus in curia. I do not wish to take the
responsibility that belongs to another; and i will
not take the responsibility of a party measure when
that party has a majority in this Chamber to ex-
press its opinion and will. I might vote against
the bill. I do not approve of this bill. But the
leading features of the bill I am instructed to main-
tain, and, bv voting against the bill, I would vote
against the principles which 1 am instructed to sup-
port. I shall obey these instructions. And now,
Mr. President, let mo say, under the determina-
tion I have now expressed, I am aware that my
course does not meet the approbation of my politi-
cal associates. It is now, and at all times, pain-
ful extremely painful—to be compelled, from any
necessity whatever, to be separated in my action
from my political friends and associates, hutthat
necessity presents itself. " I desired that [the
reporter omits the quotation here made from the
New Testament.] I shall discharge my duty, Mr.
President, with all the regret which it is possible
for a human beinc to feel who is obliged to be the
occasion of mortification to his friends No doubt,
in the excitement of the moment, my humble head
is devoted. But if snrh should be the case, I still
possess the consciousness of having discharged my
duty, and I will retire to the walks of private life
and there battle in my humble way for correct
principles and against this bill. Whatever denun-
ciations may he poured out against me, I shall not
