1152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 28.
complain. I know that my friends are right. I
believe that the result of the experiment about to
be tried will be to make their principles most tri-
umphant, and bring back the whole American
people to the system we now abandon. I shall
rejoice as much as any of my political associates
in that happy and auspicious result. I hope it may
come. But, to conclude, I have only to say that
I shall vote for discharging the committee, and
then, though forsaken by all my friends, leave the
result to God and my country.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON then rose and said: It is
true that the vote on this motion is substantially a
decisive vote upon the great question before us
itself. If the committee is not discharged the
bill fails; if the committee is discharged, why,
then, from indications around us, there is every
reason to apprehend that this bill will finally be-
come a law. I do not rise for the purpose of reply-
ing to the remarks of my friend from Tennessee,
and I have only to say, with reference to the de-
claration which he has made, announcing to us his
determination to discharge the duty imposed upon
him, and to obey the instructions of the Legisla-
ture of the State of Tennessee, that I have heard
his declaration with heartfelt sorrow. But for gen-
tlemen on the other side of the House I have some"
remarks Jo offer in reply to them. The honorable
Senator from Alabama, the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Finance, was pleased to say, when he
made this report requesting the Senate of the Uni-
ted States to discharge the committee front further
consideration of this subject, that I, who moved
these instructions, had avowed that my object was
to defeat the bill, and that the committee did not
feel themselves bound to be the executioners of
such a measure. Sir, it is true that I frankly ac-
knowledged at the time that I sought, by this and
every other honorable means, to defeat this meas-
ure, because I Relieved it to be fraught with incal-
culable mischief to my country. I did not desire
to defeat the passage of any tariff bill that could be
offered. I am not so wedded to the existing law
that I could not possibly vote for any other. If
the honorable gentleman should point out defects
in the present legislative enactment on this subject,
I should be quite disposed now, as I hope at all
times, to remove the defect. did seek to
obtain for mechanics and manufacturers ample
protection for their industry, and I sought also, by
an amendment which the Senate chose to adopt,
to obtain adequate revenue for the country—" a
revenue adequate to the exigencies of the coun-
try"—as the resolution expresses it. The hon-
oi able Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Speight]
inquired of me, as well as of the Senator from Ma-
ryland, what was the meaning of that clause of the
resolution? He wished to know how much revenue
would be sufficient. The honorable gentleman
dilated at length on the alleged impossibility of so
amending the bill during the present session of
Congress as to comply with the instructions. Sir,
after hearing his declarations, I will not say that it
certainly was quite in their power to comply with
the resolution. My opinion is, that they could have
so complied with the order of the Senate. Well,
then, seeing that they did not comply, what is the
result to which we are driven by the acknowledg-
ment of gentlemen themselves? Why, the Senate
of the United States have decided that this bill
ought to be amended in a particular manner, and
the. honorable gentlemen on the other side of the
House tell us it is impossible to comply with the
demand, and preserve the identity of the bill.
Here, then, is an acknowledgment that they are
about to pass a bill which it is impossible to per-
fect, or amend even, according to the express
instructions of the Senate. Sir, it seems to me
that here is an admission on their part that a bill
is to be passed—must be passed—which the Sen-
ate of the United States, after mature reflection
and consideration, have solemnly decided ought
not to pass, but ought to receive a totally different
conformation. Gentlemen ask me, and I return to
that, what is the meaning of the resolution re-
quiring that a revenue should be raised adapted to
" the exigencies of the country?" I answer, sir,
that a revenue bill, which, while it takes off the
odious discrimination against American labor pro-
vided for in the bill on your table, at the same
time puts on the other articles an amount to bring
into the treasury a revenue, adequate, first, to pay
the civil list of the country—the ordinary expenses
of the Government; and, secondly, a sum suffi-
cient to pay also the interest on the nationel debt,
which is now daily accumulating; and, lastly, a
sum sufficient to provide a sinking fund to pay off,
within a reasonable time, the whole of the debt
itself. Such a revenue would be adequate to " meet
the exigencies of the country."
Mr. SPEIGHT. Has the Senator ascertained
the amount necessary to do that?
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON. I certainly have not
made the calculation. But I think it does not
present a very difficult matter. I have made some
examination of the subject, it is true, but I would
not feel justified in giving the explicit answer
which the Senator has demanded. I am perfectly
satisfied, however, that the committee could easily
ascertain the amount of the required sum. It is
quite certain that the income from the act of 1842
would be inadequate for all the purposes I have
described. It is still more flagrantly evident that
the proposed bill will be altogether inadequate.
It will full infinitely below the mark. That, no
man, I apprehend, will doubt for a moment, if  he
examines the subject. It is, in fact, admitted by
the gentlemen on the other side. They have al-
ready introduced a bill for raising a sum of ten
millions of dollars by treasury notes, with a power
on the part of the Government to re-issue as often
as they please.
Mr. SPEIGHT. Not with my vote.
Mr. CLAYTON. I know not how the Senator
voted. But I include him with his political asso-
ciates. They have passed such a bill. I do not
know that he objected to it. It is certain that I
objected to it. But I hold it as a cardinal prin-
ciple, that when you incur debt you should at
the same time provide a tax, or some means of
paying the interest of the debt; and also for the
purpose of providing a sinking fund to sink the
principal. That I regard as a principle which no
statesman should ever abandon. But the party in
power has abandoned that great principle during
the present session of Congress. It is a principle
which, as we all know, Mr. Jefferson regarded as
sacred, and so announced to the chairman of Ways
and Means in the other House—a principle which
he contended should be always adhered to; and yet
it is that principle which a majority of this body
have deliberately abandoned. Well, sir, the hon-
orable gentleman from Mississippi says that there
was not time to mature the bill—to make it such a
measure as was required by the instructions of the
Senate; that want of time prevented compliance
with t.lie instructions of the Senate. And he urged
that we on this side of the House had named the
day of adjournment and settled the day of adjourn-
ment. The honorable gentleman will do mo the
justice to say that I did not fix the day of adjourn-
ment. He will do me the justice to say now, and
at all times hereafter, that I avowed myself willing
to give gentlemen on the other side all the time
asked to perfect the great measures of the ses-
sion. I announced repeatedly—over and over
again announced my determination to sustain them
in securing ample time. And the 10th of August
was named as the day of adjournment by one of
their own political friends—the gentleman from
Tennesssee farthest from me, [Mr. Tcrney.] It
was, therefore, as I understand from the debate
and from the vote, their own act. 1 joined in the
vote, because they so voted. I agreed to fix that
day, because they fixed the day. He has no
ri<*ht, therefore, to taunt me, and those who acted
wTth'me, with curtailing the session and short-
ening the time within which it is necessary to
act. & But, in answer to all this, I have to say that,
if there be not sufficient time, introduce a resolu-
tion to prolong the time. Name a more distant
day. I shall vote for it. I have no idea of dis-
charging you frmn the consideration of this sub-
ject, and so absolving you fiom the discharge of a
solemn duty imposed upon you by the Senate,
merely because the 10th of August has been fixed
as the day of adjournment. Name the 20th, the
, 30th of August—name any day you please insiead;
but do not attempt to escape thus from the dis-
charge of your duty on the plea that you "have
not time." 1 tell you, you are about to inflict on
the country incalculable mischief. Never, after
inflicting that eul on the country, attempt to jus-
tify yourselves on the ground that you had not
, time to set with deliberation. If you have not
ij time, it is because you refuse to give yourselves
time. Time is not denied you by gentlemen on
this side of the House. You have no such excuse
to offer here, and you shall have ho such excuse
to offer bgfore the country. . Something was said
with reference to amendments—as to whether they
were or were not desirable. I have, according to
the best of my ability, discharged my duty. I
have offered those amendments which I thdught
were necessary to sustain—to save the interests of
the country. One of them "has failed. I think I
can foresee the fate of the others., I regret it. But.
having done my duty, I do not feel that I am under
any obligation to do anything more in this matter.
The amendments which I have offered have cov-
ered the whole ground, as was remarked by my
friejid from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] yester-
day. Adopt these amendments, and the industry
of the country stands protected and safe. If they
all fail, I do not intend to wear out gentlemen on
the other side of the House by offering amend-
ments. It is no part of my purpose, sir, to delay
action on this matter. I have not trespassed mucn
on the Senate during this debate. I shall not aban-
don my course. I shall not address the body on
the great question. I have said enough to warn
gentlemen of the mischievous consequences which
will follow the passage of this bill; and, having
thus discharged my duty, I abide the consequences,
whatever they may be.
Mr. WEBSTER then addressed the Senate. He
said the question now before the Senate is in one
respect a test question, as it has been described by
the honorable member from Missouri, [Mr. Ben-
ton;] not exactly in the light in which he viewed
it, or in the sense in which he wished to be under-
stood, but in quite a different sense—in another
aspect altogether. We are here, sir, calling our-
selves every day a Democratic Congress, and the
majority of the body is said to be about to pass a
great Democratic measure. I suppose if any mean-
ing is attached to these terms, it is that it is a
measure favorable to the masses—favorable to tjje
people—preferring the interests of the masses to
the interests of a few—preferring the interests of
the great body of the people to those who may be
called the possessors of a high measure of wealth.
Well, sir, what sort of a bill does the question now
about to be taken show that this " great Demo-
cratic measure" is? or what sort of a measure is
this popular Democratic bill? It purports to be
an " act reducing the duty on imports, and for
other purposes." The title could not describe the
bill at all if they did not indicate that there were
other purposes besides the mere reduction of du-
ties; and one of those other purposes is to enhance
duties. The true interpretation of the bill, there-
fore, is, that it is an act for reducing certain duties
and enhancing certain other duties on articles of im-
portation. Now, sir, let us see whether this is such
abill as is pretended—a bill in favor of the masses—
in favor of the people! Just look at the question
now submitted to the Senate ! This bill does re-
duce duties—on what? On what? Why, there
may be some articles on which the duties are re-
duced for the benefit of the middling classes; but
the great reduction of duties is on such articles as
those of which I read to you yesterday a list from
the letter of Mr. Nicholl. You reduce the duty on
spirits of all kinds to the great extent which I men-
tioned yesterday. You reduce the duty on spices to
the great extent which I mentioned yesterday. You
reduco the duty on imported tropical fruits and
other fruits. You reduce the duty on ready-made
clothing. You reduce the duty on rich and ex-
pensive carpets. You reduce the duty on rich cut
j glass—every one of them. And you saw that this
' reduction keeps out of the treasury more than the
| whole of the duty laid upon certain other articles.
| But these are your reductions—your main reduc-
! tions. They are all on articles of luxury—of ex-
treme luxury—spirits, spices, silks, costly carpets,
! rich cut glass, ready-made clothing—articles in
j which none of the middling classes are interested, or
I are in the habit of buying or using. And now it is
j proposed to see whether you will or will not, by the
j instructions to your committee, continue the prac-
! i tice of freeing the raw material, upon which all the
i; manufacturing and laboring people of the country
; earn a living, when they get it. That question is
: now distinctly put to you, and put to this Senate.
I On the raw material, which is to come here and fur-
! nish employment and occupation to the handicraft
; throughout the country—on this you have raised
the duty. Perhaps on all these raw materials, but
; certainly on masses of them, as I showed yester-
day, you have raised the duty above the standard
