THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Conoress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JULY 31, 1846.
New Series....No 73-
of that tariff, which you say is an obnoxious
Whig measurer and for the reduction of whose
duties you stand pledged. Now you are asked to
send them to your committee, with instructions in
every case where the duty on the raw material, as
proposed by this bill, exceeds the duty on the
same raw material imposed by the Whig tariff of
184*2, to take it off—you won't do it—you won't
do it! No. You indulge in the luxury of taxing
the poor man and the laborer! That is the whole
tendency, the whole character, the whole effect of
the bill. You sep everywhere in it the desire to
revel in the delights of taking away men's em-
ployment. That's the character of this bill. And
this is the question now before the Senate. Sir, I
had hoped that th<s honorable gentleman who
spoke yesterday with so much effect on the neces-
sity of protecting the mechanics and laborers—
who dwelt with so much emphasis on the very
objectionable feature of taxing the raw material—
I had hoped that he would have held to his pur-
pose. I say that this bill holds a language that
cannot be mistaken, that cannot and will not be
misunderstood. It is not a bill for the people. It
is not a bill for the masses. It is not a bill to add
to the comforts of those in middle life, or the poor.
It is not a bill for employment. It is a bill for the
relief of the highest and most luxurious classes of
the country, and a bill imposing onerous duties on
the great industrious masses, and taking away the
means of living from labor everywhere through-
out the land. It cannot be disguised. You can-
not mask its features. No man is so blind as not
to see what this bill is; and the people will not be
so callous, I trust, as not to feel it. In this sense,
and in this view, the question now about to be put
is a test question. We shall have the voice of the
Senate upon it. We shall. know who is for rais-
ing the duty on various articles to the prejudice
aod in many cases to the ruin of our own country-
men working here at home as artisans and handi-
craftsmen, and who is at the same time for redu-
cing the duties on the highest luxuries. That's
the test. Mr. President, that's the test! And no
man can escape it: No man will escape, that test.
Now, I shall vote to keep this proposition in the
hands of the committee. The committee has not
tried whether it can obey the instructions of the
Senate. Last night they were instructed to do their
duty, and at a very early hour this morning they
say they have made up their mind. Was ever the
like heard before ? The chairman asks to be dis-
charged. I don't believe they were convened on
this matter for ten minutes. I doubt whether they
have been together at all! What is the difficulty
of ascertaining the amount of duty on the general
list of raw materials, and reducing the rates of
this bill to those of the act of 1842? There is not
a gentleman who could not do it in two hours.
[Mr. ARCHER. Not one hour, sir.]
Mr. WEBSTER. No, sir, not one hourwould
it take, as the gentleman from Virginia suggests.
No, it is not want of time. It is want of pur-
pose.
Mr. SEVIER. " Order."
Mr. WEBSTER. Who says " order ?"
Mr. SEVIER. I say " order."
Mr. WEBSTER, ^ell, pray, what's the dis-
order ?
Mr. SEVIER. You are commenting on the
" purpose" of the committee.
Mr. WEBSTER. It's their purpose to pass
the bill—is it not ?
Mr. SEVIER. I say you are out of order.
Mr. WEBSTER. If so, the Chair will correct
me.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts is not at all out of order.
Mr. WEBSTER, (bowing to the Senator from
Arkansas, and smiling:) I hope the gentleman
•will now get up and make a very handsome apology
for interrupting me.
Mr. SEVIER. Oh, certainly.
• Mr. WEBSTER. Everything that passes here
between the honorable gentleman and myself al-
ways has a very pleasant termination. I must
bring these remarks, Mr. President, to a close. If
73
they had been disposed, the committee could have
obeyed your instructions before meridian this day.
I am rather inclined to think, sir, that they did not
fatigue themselves by examining this matter. I
am rather inclined to think that It was their opin-
ion that the best way was to take a short cut and
move to be discharged, in the hope thatsome occur-
rence or other would enable them to carry that
motion. I do not believe that they have opened a
book, or looked at any list of raw materials. I am
disposed to think, Mr. President, they are as raw
on the whole subject as they were yesterday. I
repeat, sir, that this bill has a face and front, so
that when it is held up to the country, no man
need write at the bottom of it whether it is a Dem-
ocratic bill, or an Aristocratic bill. When it shows
to all the laboring portions of this community, that
their daily labor and dailv bread are directly inter-
fered with; that wherever it can be done, a tax is
laid upon the raw materials upon which they work
and earn their living; when they see at the same
time in the next line the duties on those high
classes of luxuries—spirits, silks, expensive car-
pets, rich cut glass, and the rest of them—are re-
duced, will they ask anybody to tell them what
that bill is? Will they need anyone to give a
name to it ? Sir, it names itself. It has the face
and front of an aristocratic bill, oppressive of the
poor and workingman, and in every respect it cor-
responds to its face and front.
Mr. McDUFFIE then said: The strong language
of the Senator from Massachusetts, in characteri-
zing this bill as an aristocratic measure, imposes
upon me the duty of saying a very few words be-
fore the question is taken, in order to disabuse the
public mind of any such impression, if any such
impression be made upon it. The honorable Sen-
ator has asked with great confidence, and certainly
not in the expectation of being replied to, where is
the Democratic feature of this bill ? Where is the
provision intended to operate in favor of the labor-
ing classes of the country? On the contrary, he
goes on to enumerate certain articles of luxuries
upon which the duties have been reduced, and
leaving it to be inferred that these are the great
and principal reductions. Now, Mr. President, I
will point out to the Senator the Democratic fea-
tures of this bill. It has reduced the duty upon
salt from eight cents to half a cent. It has reduced
the duty upon sugar from two and a half cents to
one cent per pound. It has reduced the duty on
all that class of cotton manufactures, whether white
or printed, which is consumed by the laborers,
farmers, and mechanics of the United States, God
knows how much! But I sincerely believe that in
this bill, on all that class of manufactures consumed
by the poor and middle ranks, there is a reduction
of duties greater than on any other class of articles
contained in the bill; and I have expressed the
opinion, which I sincerely believe, that the repeal
of the cotton mmimums—an invention which never
was known until it was introduced in the bill of
1816, and I believe unknown to the custom-house
laws of any other country, so far as my knowledge
extends—I believe that the striking out of that will
alone enable the people of the United States to con-
sume an increased importation, approaching to ten
millions of dollars, at prices little more than two-'
thirds of that which they have now to pay.
Well, Mr. President, what are the great reduc-
tions so injurious to the labor of the country?
They are the reductions upon manufactures, made
in large manufacturing establishments, carried on
by machinery, and owned by capitalists, now
realizing from 20 to 40 per cent, on their capital.
These are the reductions, sir; and I repeat it be-
fore the Senate, before the United States, and before
the world, that the great effect of this reduction
will be to reduce the enormous and unjust profits
of large capitalists from 20 to 40 per cent, down to
the ordinary rate—the moderate profit of 8 and 10
per cent.; and I do not conscientiously believe
that the money price of labor will be reduced half
as much as the money price of the commodities
consumed by the laborer. My sincere conviction
is, that the operation of this bill will not only be
favorable to the great masses of the manufacturing
laborers who constitute nineteen-twentieths of the
people of the United States, but that the laborers
in those large factories will actually receive more
for their labor than they do at this moment, taking
into the account the price of those articles which
they necessarily consume. I was obliged to the
Senator from Massachusetts for some little evi-
dence in favor of the Democratic character of this
bill, in certain resolutions passed in Boston in the
year 1820, drawn up, I believe, by the honorable
member himself, and supported and sustained by
him soon after the commencement of the spirit
which has resulted in the establishment of the pro-
tective system. The duties then, under the act of
1816, were about 20 per cent, or 25 per cent, on
the great mass of manufactures made out of cotton,
wool, and iron, and all the other duties were cor-
responding. The proposition then was to enhance
the duties in about the degree of enhancement
which took place under the tariff of 1824; and it
was in opposition to this that a meeting of the
merchants of Boston, in which the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts bore a distinguished part,
passed certain resolutions, some of which I now
recollect. One of them I distinctly remember, and
it affirmed that the effect of this protecting law
upon the manufactures of the country would re-
dound to the benefit of great capitalists, and not to  
that of the labor of the country. That was a great
political proposition.
Mr. WEBSTER. Docs the Senator happen to
have those resolutions in his desk? I have no re-
collection of that.
Mr. McDUFFIE. I am sorry to say that I have
not got a copy of the resolutions, but I believe a
copy can be obtained.
Mr. WESTCOTT here laid on the desk of the
Senator from South Carolina a file of the " Globe,"
which was supposed to contain the resolutions re-
ferred to.
Mr. WEBSTER. I do not wish to trouble the
gentleman now; at his convenience, perhaps, he
may be able to furnish the resolutions.
Mr. McDUFFIE proceeded. This, sir, %vas one
of the resolutions. Another was in answer to the
allegation that the establishment of these factories
would give an increased market to the farmer. One
of these resolutions was in these words, as far as I
can recollect:
" They cannot perceive how the farming interest can be
benefited by a law which increases the price of everything
that they have tv> buy, and diminishes the price of every-
thing they have to.sell."
Now, sir, I quote this resolution simply with the
view, and for no other purpose, than to answer a
very confident interrogatory of the Senator—where
is the Democratic feature of this measure?
Now, Mr. President, with regard to another
matter—that the tax upon the raw material used
by the manufacturer is a blow at the labor of the
country. Why, sir, this is a small matter—a mat-
ter magnified by peculiar circumstances into a con-
sequence that does not belong to it. What is the
provision of this bill? That all those commodities
to which I suppose the Senator refers, and to which
I suppose the resolution of the Senator from Dela-
ware refers, shall be subjected to a duty of five per
cent. I don't know a single duty on those articles
which now come injfree, above five per cent. Five
per cent, is but a small element in the cost of the
production of those articles. Is that to break down
manufacturers and mechanics ? It appears to me,
therefore, Mr. President, that this five per cent,
duty is a very small matter. I should have been
almost as willing, perhaps, to have left it out of
the bill, as to put it in. As it is there, however, I
must repel the idea that it is an unjust discrimina-
tion against manufacturers. Why, sir, the pro-
tecting duty to all that class of manufacturers which
consume these raw materials is about twenty-five
to thirty per cent. It appears to me, therefore,
that it would be unjust to allow the idea to go out
to the country, that a law of this character, provi-
ding for the great mass of the people, providing
that the industrious people of the United States
shall have the privilege of exchanging the products
of their labor in those markets where they can get
