1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1157
ana is now settled and quiet. Why, then, not let
the law remain until you can amend it, or super-
sede it by a suitable and proper law adapted to the
condition of the country, the wants of the country,
and the opinions of the people ? Why disturb the
business and pursuits of tHc psople ? WHy "unnG-
cessaarily agitate and alarm the country ? Why do
this to get a mere temporary measure, which you
admit you must either repeal or amend ? It seems
that to-day we have called out an advocate for the
defence of this measure in the honorable Senator
from South Garolina, [Mr. McDdffie,] and from
him we have at least one reason for the passage of
this bill. I have again and again asked for the
reasons for passing this bill at this time, and could
get no response, no reason. We now have one,
and what is it < Why, to curtail the profits of the
large and wealthy manufacturers. But, sir, the fact
is assumed; there is no evidence as to these large
profits. But, admitting it to be so, will not com-
petition correct the evils ?—will it not bring down
these enormous profits ?—with an enterprising
people like ours, will there not he enough to rush
into any business which affords enormous profits ?
But is not this something new ? Is it not a strange
reason ? Can any example be found in the history
of the world of a legislature passing laws to arrest
the prosperity of the country, or to reduce the
profits of any particular class of citizens in a pur-
suit open to all r Certainly, sir, this must be the
great measure of the age, when we consider the
great good it is to effect; when it is to stop individ-
uals from getting rich too fast, and to check the
prosperity of the country. The Senator says it
will not affect the laborers, the mechanics, nor the
small manufacturers. How does he know this?
I tell him he is mistaken; these are the very men
on whom this blow will fall. You may diminish
the profits of the large establishments some, but
you cannot crush them; they can stand by ward-
ing off the blow, and transferring the sacrifice to
others. They have hundreds, and some thousands
of laborers in their employ, and they will save
themselves by reducing the wages of those in their
employ. The blow, then, falls directly upon the
laborers.
But how is it with the mechanics and small
manufacturers—those who do their own work,
and perhaps employ a few apprentices' They
must sustain the sacrifice themselves. They will
not be able to sustain a competition with the large
establishments. But why is this experiment to
be tried ■ To see how much reduction labor will
bear ? Is it to carry out a theory ? Is it to test
the cold, heartless, miserable theory of free trade ?—
a theory which no nation on earth ever put in
practice—a theory which must ever remain a mere
theory; which is fit only for speculative minds
and the closet—wholly unworthy of statesmen or j
enlightened legislators. Mr. President, the at- |
tempt to pass this bill, and by way of a surprise ;
upon the country, will bring up this great ques- '
tion of domestic policy in a way to agitate the
whole country, and the agitation will not cease
until it is settled on a basis consistent with the
condition, the interests, and the business of the
country and the wants and opinions of the people.
This, sir, will truly be the great question of the
age—a question as to the basis on which the busi-
ness and the industry of the people of this great
country are to rest. This great question has been
at rest for some years; it is now brought up,
by a conflict between extreme principles on one
hand, and what are held to be extreme on the
other. The interests to be affected by it now are
vastly greater than at any time heretofore. Let
me say to the honorable Senator from South Caro-
lina, [turning to Mr. Calhoun,] that in the con-
test which he has now to meet on this great ques-
tion, it will be presented under very different
circumstances from what it was in 1832, when it
seemed to threaten the solidity of the Union. The j
interests now at stake are, compared with what I
they were then, as i%vo or three to one; they are 1
augmented two or three hundred per cent.; and j
they are no longer confined to one or two sections j
of the country; they have extended to the South )
and the West, and are daily increasing and taking \
deep root in those quarters. They are also blend- !
ed with nil other intei-estc—commerce, navigation, j
and agriculture. All the great interests of the 1
country are now banded together, and if you strike ;
a blow at one—if you break one link, the whole 1
fabric of national industry may not fall, but it will "
feel, most sensibly feel, the shock. Yes, sir, this
great question of domestic policy, on which the
prosperity and greatness of the country so essen-
tially depends, must now be settled. There can
be no peace, no quiet, until it is put at rest; and it
will now be settled for the last time, so far as its
principles are concerned. It is brought before the
country to arouse the attention ofthe whole people,
and to call forth all their energies. And it will not
be a conflict of opinions only; there are too many,
and so important interests involved, so many de-
pendent upon it for their daily employment and
daily subsistence, that it cannot fail to awaken the
deepest and most imbittered feelings.
Mr. President, I have now discharged my last
duty in relation to this measure, which I suppose
is to pass. My appeal to my northern friends, I sup-
pose, will not beheeded. Iam aware that they have
gone far with it, too far, I fear, to stop short of its
final consummation at this time. A delay of a few
months is too much, I suppose, to hope for. If so,
I have only to say to the Samsons, who are pre-
pared to complete this work, come forward with
your locks unshorn, raise up the pillars of the
nation's prosperity, and overthrow the mighty
fabric. But I must be permitted to add, in the
spirit of friendly warning—be careful that you are
not yourselves crushed in the common ruin.
Mr. CAMERON said he rose only to repeat his
opposition to this bill, to enter his solemn protest
against its passage, and to give notice that the word
" Repeal" will this day go forth and continue until
the loud voice of the laborers of the North shall
compel their oppressors to respect them. This (he
said) was no Bank question, in which the rich capi-
talists only were concerned. Here will be found
the laborers and the mechanics roused to indigna-
tion against those who care not how much they
rob them of their comforts in the pursuit of a wild
abstraction. If the bill had been made by a British
statesman, it could not have discriminated more in
favor of the English wo lk men, nor have done more
wrong to our mechanics and manufacturers. He
repeated, that from henceforth repeal would be the
word among the Democracy of the North, and
that it would not cease until it triumphed.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON addressed a few remarks
to the Chair, the point of which was, that the
President could, consistently with the remarks
which he had submitted a few minutes previously,
vote in favor of the pending motion. He [the
President] had said that his duty as a representa-
tive of the whole country impelled him to act fir
the majority of the people, and he only desired to
know what was the will of the people. He 
Mr. McDUFFIE called the Senator from Dela-
ware to order. He could not addi'ess an argument
! to the Presiding Officer.
I Mr. J. M. ^CLAYTON replied that he .was
i speaking upon the motion to postpone. Upon that
; question the President had a vote, and he (Mr. C.)
had a right to speak of considerations which might
control tiiat vote.
Mr. ALLEN. The chairman has no vote as
far as we know at present.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON. He may have, and,
at all events, I may address him. The rules of this
body compel me when I address the Senate to do
so through the Chair. Mr. C. then went on to
state that the private residence of the President and
his [Mr. C.'s] were not very far from each other,
and they both had had an opportunity of knowing
something of the incalculable mischief to be done
in that section of the country by the passage of
this measure. Mr. C. also alluded to the Presi-
dent's individual opinions at the present time, and
before his elevation to the seat which he now oc-
cupies. Sir, (said Mr. C., addressing the Chair,)
you were then understood and known to be a firm
friend of protection.
Mr. McDUFFIE. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. CLAYTON. If it is so very unpleasant to
the gentleman, and I can be shown to be out of
order, I will not proceed.
Mr. SEVIER. It is obviously out of order for
this reason, if for no other, that the Chair has no
opportunity to answer. Surely, you would not
consent to assault a man that cannot reply.
Mr. BERRIEN expressed the hope that the sug-
gestion from the other side of the Chamber would
be taken, and for the reason mentioned.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON said that the President
had a right, if he chose to avail himself of it, to
address the Senate. Mr. C. then went on to argue,
that, as the will of the people upon, this subject
could be ascertained in the elections which occur
this fall in various States, and as the President
desired only to know the will ofthe people, whose
representative he was, he could very properly vote
to postpone the further consideration ofthe subject
until December next, by \vhieh time the informa-
tion which he desired would have been obtained.
The question was then taken upon the motion to
postpone, and decided in the negative by the fol-
lowing vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Berrien, Cameron, Cil-
ley, John M. Clayton, Thomas Clayton, Cor win, Critten-
den, Davis, Dayton, £van«, Greene, Huntington, Johnson
of Louisiana, Johnson of Maryland, Manguro, Miller, More-
head, Niles, Pearce, Phelps, Simmons, Sturgeon, Upham,
Webster, and Woodbudge—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Bag-
by, Benton, Breese, Bright, Calhoun, Cass, Chalmers, Col-
quitt, Dickinson, Dix, Fairfield, Hannegan, Houston, Jarna-
ein, Lewi?, McDnfrie, Pcrtnybacker, Rusk, Semple, Sevier,
Speight, Turney, Westcott, andYulee—28.
The bill was then read a third time by its title,
no objection being made.
The question recurring upon the passage of the
bill,
Mr. HUNTINGTON demanded the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered. /
Mr. WEBSTER rose and said that he regretted
that final action on this bill should not have been
postponed according to the motion of the honor-
able Senator from Connecticut; and since he had
mentioned that gentleman, he took this occasion
of rendering to him his thanks for the firmness,
the vigor, and the devotion, with which he had
supported the interests of his constituents and of
the country.
But (said Mr. W.) I rise chiefly to say that a
great duty will devolve on both Houses at the com-
mencement of the next session, just the same as if
the motion of the honorable Senator had prevailed.
Had his motion been adopted, this bill would have
come up for discussion as soon as we should re-
assemble. And I tell gentlemen on the other side,
that the President's signature to this bill will not
be dry till a determination will be entered into, far
and wide, to bring it under the revision of this
very Congress for reconsideration. It ought to be
so, and it will be so. The bill goes into effect on
the 1st, of December next, and we meet here on the
5th; and I here tell you, that on the very first day
of our session a bill will be in the other House to
repeal this law.
A friend near me [Mr. Evans] says that there
will be another bill there before it, and that will
be a bill to carry on the Government. [A laugh.}
However that may be, a bill will be there to re-
peal this law; and it ought to be so. It is as im-
possible as that the sun should go backward and
set in the east, as that the people should suffer the
principles contained in this bill to prevail. Gen-
tlemen do not know the people. [A laugh on the
Democratic side of the Senate.] I say they do
not know the people between here and Maine—I
speak, of course, of southern gentlemen; and
though they may laugh now, they will laugh on
the other side of their mouths before next Decem-
ber. They do not know the men on whom this
bill is mainly intended to operate; they do not
know their character, nor their pursuits, nor their
politics. So far as my advice may go—and I shall
address it, of course, to my own people—they will
be united in calling on this very Congress to re-
verse its decision. There are people in the coun-
try who think they have been deceived; and they
say, that they have been deceived once is the fault
of others; if they are deceived a second time, it
will be their own. A great portion, of the members
of the popular branch of the Legislature are to be
elected before December. Gentlemen who have
voted for this bill will go home, and there they
will learn the sentiments of the people. These
elections will be pending, and they will be interro-
gated by the people. Political professions will
then be examined, and will be judged of by their
appraisers, ai valorem. [A laugh.]
What has been the history of this measure in
Congress? The other House, after a sitting of
some seven months, sent the bill to us; it was re-
ferred to no committee—it was accompanied with
no report; but pressed through the body in a man-
ner never known before in this Senate; a question
of this magnitude, involving as it does an infinite
investigation of details, and yet not one of these
details investigated by anybody—not one! Can
gentlemen believe that the great mass of the people
