1158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 28,
will not be able to see that the measure has been
brought about by certain political disappointments
and extraordinary proceedings in the Legislature?
Most certainly they will. They cannot but see
and feel in a matter so nearly concerning them.
Public sentiment is excited on this subject. I ven-
ture to say that on two points public opinion is
settled: first, as to the utter folly of the ad valorem
principle in the imposition of duties—and I do not
believe that there are at this moment five gentle-
men in the Senate who, if left to their own choice,
would prefer that mode, nor indeed can I persuade
myself that there is a man in the whole Executive
Government who, if the bill were now to come for
the first time from the Treasury, would have it in
its present form. All the industry of the land is
against it; the manufacturers are against it, the im-
porters are against it, the shipowners are against
it—no man cries, God save it! it is against the sen-
tiinent of the land. The great principle of a just
discrimination in favor of such articles as the gen-
eral interest requires, is the principle which com-
mands the approbation of the American people. I
here tell gentlemen we shall have henceforward no
more ad valorem tariffs. Wc never shall go on
the principle of a horizontal tariff. This bill can-
not stand. It will not stand. It is a house built
upon the sand; and no intelligent man will think
himself safe beneath its roof; it will fall on him
and crush him.
I have never said that the tariff of J 842 might
not be well amended; but this I say, that the prin-
ciples of that law are grounded in all true political
science, on all sound legislation, and they are so
imbued in the minds of the people, that nothing
can get them out. They will have specific duties,
and you cannot help it. You might as well resist
the course of an avalanche.
Having said this, I will add nothing of an exci-
ting or offensive kind. I give my advice. I say
that public opinion will express itself in a way you
cannot withstand. If there shall be a public acqui-
escence in the system broached by this bill, be it
so. Then we shall fall down upon another prin-
ciple in regard to our revenue. But if in the coming
elections the public voice shall be loud and distinct,
so that members will be obliged to hear and obey
it, they will not defer to another Congress the cor-
rection of our errors, but they will bring this bill
before those who made it, and that on the very
first day that we shall again convene.
Mr. DAVIS said that he had hoped that the
proposition brought forward by the Senator would
have prevailed; and he took this occasion to say that
this was not a mere question of revenue, it was not
a question of ad valorems, but greater than either.
Gentlemen rose here and argued as if taxes were
assessed for the benefit of particular classes. He
need not say how unjust and how unfair this was.
Government assessed the amount of revenue be-
cause its exigencies demanded it. They assessed
such an amount of duties as would accomplish
this object, and nothing more. All the question
between the two sides of this Chamber was the
question how this amount should be raised; and
that was a question which the people would inves-
tigate. They would bring the great doctrines held
on both sides to the test. They would examine
the doctrines of the advocates of this bill, and they
would bring the result of that examination to the
polls. Congress had hitherto adopted the princi-
ple of discriminating in favor of American industry;
but now they had changed that policy, and in this
bill discriminated against our own industry and in,
favor of that of other countries. Mr. T). said this
because this policy marked every feature of this
bill. The Secretary himself told Congress that
his principle was to increase our imports to the
amount of from ten to twenty-five millions of dol-
lars. The laborers of this country were not so blind
that they could not see that their products were
displaced by those of foreign countries, which
were brought in as if on purpose to throw them
out of employ. That was the question they would
make with the authors and the supporters of this i
bill, and that was the question they would carry
to the polls. The question with them respecting
their candidate would be, Is he for discriminating
in fayor or against American, industry? The ar-
gument here was in favor of increasing importa-
tions. Gentlemen might as well say at once, and
in so many words, that they went for encouraging
the labor of foreign countries against that of'our
own. Let that question go to the polls, and those
who went for free-trade doctrines would soon find
who were right.
[Loud cries for'the question.]
Mr. HUNTINGTON said he would detain the
Senate but a moment. [Cries of " Question! Ques-
tion!]" He did notarise to delay action on this
bill—he knew it was determined on, and must take
place—but to unite with his honorable colleague
[Mr. Niles] in entering here the solemn protest
of the Commonwealth they unitedly represented
against this bill, its objects and its effects, in break-
ing down the prosperity of the people of their
State. Mr. H. said he differed from his colleague
on political questions, but on this they united in
speaking the wishes of their people. And he here
told gentlemen that those people would, in every
constitutional and legal way, stand up in defence
of their rights, and would apply the remedy
for their wrongs. He should go home and tell his
people what was said here, and show them that
this was a bill which went to cut down their labor
for the benefit of laborers on the other side of the
water. Mr. H. said that he had lived in a State
which did not abound in rich capitalists; the body
of those he represented consisted of farmers, me-
chanics, laborers, and a few merchants; and they
were all arrayed in the deepest and most deter-
mined hostility to this measure and the whole sys-
tem on which it was founded. They were the men
who followed the plough, who wielded the ham-
mer, who wrought at the anvil and in the work-
shop. From these men, and such as these, this
bill took their food, their clothing, their comforts,
and the means of educating their children. In the
name of that people, who had been forced to enter
into many of these branches of industry by the ac-
tion of Congress itself, and who were now to be
thrown upon the world without bread or the means
of obtaining it, he united with his colleague in en-
tering a solemn protest against this destructive
measure. The bill was inevitably destined to be
repealed; but, in the meanwhile, many would be
reduced by it to beggary and want.
Mr. SIMMONS said that this bill, which was
about to plunge the country into a difficulty, take
the daily bread from the orphan, and from mil-
lions whose employment would be swept away,
was apparently to be forced upon the people by a
single vote; yes, one vote would save all this dis-
tress—all this agony? Who, then, were the men
that would come out on the side of their country?
The question upon the passage of the bill was
then taken by yeas and nays, and decided in the
affirmative, by the following vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Bagbyi
Benton, Breose, Bught, Calhoun, Cass, Chalmers, Colquitt'
Dickinson, Dix, Fairfield, Hannogan, Houston, Jamagin'
Lewis, MeDuffie, Pennybackcr, Rusk, Semple, Sevier'
Speight, Turney, Westcott, and Yulee—28.
I^AYS—Messrs. Aiclier, Barrow, Beirien, Cameron, Cil-
ley, John M Clayton, Thomas Clayton, Coiwm, Crittenden,
Davis, Dayton, Evans, Greene, Ituntmgton, Johnson of
Louisiana, Johnson of Maiyland, Mangum, Miller, More-
head, Niles, Pearee, Phelps, Simmons, Stuigeon, Upbam,
Webster, and Woodhnd^e—27.
So the hill was passed.
The title of the bill was then read, and passed
as follows, viz:
" A bill to reduce the duties on imports, and for
other purposes."
The bill was then directed to be sent to the
House of Representatives; and,
On motion of Mr. SPEIGHT,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, July 28, 1846.
The Journal of yestei day was read and approved. ]
Mr. STRONG asked leave to offer the follow- j
ing resolution; which was read for information: I
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Rep- j
resentatives be directed to furnish to such mem- >
bers of the present House of Representatives as
have not received them such books as were fur-
nished to the members of the last Congress, in-
cluding the 5th volume of the Debates on the
Federal Constitution, and that the books now
remaining 111 the Library of the House., be em-
ployed to that purpose as far as they go: Provided,
That this resolution shall not be so construed as
to authorize or require the reprinting of any of
said books.
Mr. S. ADAMS objected.
Mr. STRONG moved a suspension of the rules.
Mr. REID asked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered; and, being taken were, yeas 76,
nays 49.
So, two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended, and the resolution was
not received.
Mr. CULVER (leave having been denied)
moved a suspension of the rules, to enable him to
offer the following resolution; which was read for
information:
Resolved, That those members of the present
House of Representatives who have received the
books and documents mentioned in the resolution
this day offered by Hon. Stephen Strong, of
New York, and who voted against allowing new-
members their quota of said books and documents,
be respectfully requested to return said books and
documents to the Clerk of this House.
Mr. WENT WORTH suggested to Mr. Culver
so to modify his resolution as to include those old
rifles with which, some five or six years ago, mem-
bers were furnished.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered on
the motion to suspend the rules, and, being taken,
were yeas 82, nays 57.
So, two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended, and the resolution was
not received.
Mr. "WOOD asked leave to offer the following
resolution; which was read for information:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be, and he
isliereby, requested to communicate to this House
a statement of the amount of money paid by the
Government of the United States to special com-
mercial or diplomatic agents employed in Europe,
or elsewhere, for the twelve years terminating on
the 3d day of March, 1845, and whether any per-
son while so employed was permitted, in addition
to his authorized compensation by Congress, to
enjoy and receive the fees arising from any con-
sulate of the United States; and if so, his name,
and the amount of fees so received by him.
Mr. McKAY objected.
Mr. WOOD moved a suspension of the rules.
And the question being taken, the House refused
to suspend the rules.
So the resolution was not entertained.
Mr. PRESTON KING, by leave, from the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, made a report upon
the petition of Richard Kelly, accompanied by a
bill granting him a pension; which bill was read
twice and committed.
RATES OF POSTAGE.
Mr. HOPKINS offered a resolution in the usual
form, providing that all debate on the bill to amend
the act approved the 3d of March, 1845, entitled
"An act to reduce the rates of postage, to limit
the use and prevent the abuse of the franking priv-
ilege, and for the prevention of frauds on the rev-
enues of the Post Office Department," should ter-
minate this day at half-past eleven.
Mr. RATHBTJN moved to amend by inserting
one.
Mr. S. JONES, two.
Mr. RATHBUN accepted the modification.
The modified amendment was agreed to.
And the resolution thus amended was adopted.
On motion of Mr. HOG15, the House then re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Reid, of North Carolina,
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
said bill.
Mr. McCLELLAND modified his amendment
of yesterday to read as follows:
Strike out from lines seven and eight the words,
" and less than six hundred miles."
Also,from line nine inclusive, all to line twenty-
one of first section, as follows:
" And for any distance over sis hundred miles, fifteen
cents;
"And for every additional qua] ter of an ounce, or fraction
less than the quartet of an ounce, an additional postage,
except wheie a tetter is written on a single sheet of paper
weighing over otte-qitatter of an ounce, and less than one-
half an ounce, when the same shall be charged with the
single postage: Pmrufp/f, That the rato of fifteen cents shall
be discontinued from and after tile first of July, if, in
the opinion of the Postmaster General, the revenues of tire
department wit) equal its expenditures; and in that case,
ten cents shall be the rate of postage for all distances over
three hundred miles.
Mr. GORDON opposed the so sudden overthrow
of the system of cheap postage, proposed by this
bill. He sustained the main features of the exist-
i ing law, and wished the experiment of cheap post-
