1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.age further and fairly tested, and under its opera-
tion he thought the department would soon sustain
itself, as he held it ought to, and not be made a
charge upon the treasury. He read resolutions of
the Legislature of New York, of February, 1845,
and February, 1846, in favor of the act of 1845,
and he protested against any intei ference with that
act, which worked •well. He examined and con-
demned the provisions of this bill, the reextending
the franking privilege to deputy postmasters, &c.
He was in favor of the abolition of the franking
privilege entirely, to prevent the frauds necessarily
consequent upon it, and the burdens which it im-
poses on the postage payer. He would go for the
regulations and proper increase of the compensa-
tion of deputy postmasters in another bill.
In the course of his remarks he yielded for
explanations, to Messrs. HOPKINS and HIL-
LIARD.
. Mr. BIGGS said: I do not rise to discuss the
bill now under consideration, but my purpose is to
express ray feelings and sentiments on the conduct
of a late Senator from North Carolina, which has
been a subject of deep interest lately. I do not
know that my remarks are strictly in order, and
therefore I notify the committee what will be their
purport. Assuming, however, as we are in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, that
an act so deeply affecting the Union is a proper
subject of remark, I proceed. It is with the greatest
pain and mortification I feel myself bound, by an
imperative sense of public duty, to allude to this
act—the resignation of one of the Senators from
North Carolina, and whose course has been the
subject of comment elsewhere. Gladly would I
have avoided this unpleasant and painful duty;
but the time, in my opinion, has arrived when it
becomes the Democratic Representatives of the
people of North Carolina on this floor to meet the
crisis, and not to mince their words. Our State
has been disappointed by one from whom we had
a right to expect better things. She is deprived of
one voice in the other branch of Congress, whose
duty it was to represent her faithfully in this im-
portant and interesting period of our affairs. I feel
more justified in what I shall say, because, with
the deepest remorse, I admit my vote assisted in
elevating this Senator to the proud position he oc-
cupied. For several days past, various rumors as
to his course were the subjcct of anxious remark.
It was reported that he would move an amendment
to postpone the operation of the tariff bill until the
4th of March; and, if that failed, he would vote
against the bill. Another rumor was, that he con-
templated resigning. A doubt as to his course on
this great question was received by me with pro-
found surprise and astonishment. That a North
Carolina Democrat should hesitate in giving tiie
bill a cheerful and earnest support, was, above all !
things, the most astounding. A Senator who had I
been elected by a Democratic Legislature, whose |
opinions on this question were well known; rep-j
resenting a State, every Democrat in which is ,
strongly opposed to the inequality of the act of!
1842 and in favor of its modification, and to whom j
I can with confidence add a considerable, if not
a large number, of the Whig party; a Senator
entirely untrammelled by any instructions, or
requests, even, of a Whig Legislature, although,
since his election, such a Legislature has assembled
in North Carolina, and immediately after the Pres-
idential election, in which canvass a modification of
the tariff of 1842 was one of the prominent subjects
of discussion; a Senator, whose course on this vital
question was never suspected—who was always
understood as being utterly opposed to the pro i
tective policy; for such a Senator, at this impor- j
tant juncture, to desert his post, to surrender his !
commission, will necessarily excite the deepest re- |
gret throughout the country, and in our State the
severest reprehension and censure. The debate
in the Senate has now been continued for two
weeks. The opinions of the members were gen- !
erally known; it was expected the vote would be |
taken on Saturday; it was believed the fate of the
bill depended upon the vote of the Democratic Sen-
ator from North Carolina. These painful rumors
were the theme of conversation. Under these cir-
cumstances, considering the relation in which I i
stood to that Senator, I considered it an imperative \
duty to see him on that subject. I sought an inter- j
view on Saturday morning. I was informed by
him that he should make a motion to postpone the j
operation of the bill till the fourth of March; and,>
1159
if that failed, as he expected, he should vote against
the bill; if that succeeded, he would vote for it; that
although he was opposed to the principle contained
in the bill, he was willing to waive that, if its oper-
ation could be postponed, so as to give Congress
an opportunity to revise it at the next session, be-
fore it took effect. I suggested that, as he was wil-
ling to waive the principle involved, I could not see
any propriety in voting against the bill on a ques-
tion of time, in which he differed with all his party,
except those directly interested in the protection
afforded by the act of 1842. I reminded him of the
large delegation of manufacturers now here, and
that bad motives would necessarily be imputed to
him under the circumstances; that, in myopinion,
he would disappoint the expectation and wishes of
the Democratic party of North Carolina; that I
could not sustain him, and a war upon him by the
party could not be avoided, the consequcnccs of
which were fearful. To these suggestions and ap-
peals he replied, that he cared nothing for imputa-
tions upon his motives, as none would be made by
decent men; and if he was driven to the wall, he
must acquit his conscience, and take the conse-
quences. He stated then that at one time he had
an idea of resigning, but I understood him as hav-
ing abandoned it. Imagine,then, my sui-prisewhen
I was informed two or three hours afterwards that
his resignation was lying on thejable of the Pres-
ident of the Senate.
It is exceedingly painful to me to be compelled
to characterize the conduct of that Senator as it
deserves. I cannot but view it as the grossest act
of political delinquency that ever was perpetrated;
bringing a reproach upon the character of our ven-
erated State that tears of rcpentance on his part for
a thousand years would never cfface—a stigma, as
far as he can affix it, upon the political integrity of
her public men that will wring the bosom of every
frank-hearted North Carolinian, and which will be
execrated by all her sons who revere her name and
fame, and who cherish her integrity as a necessary
trait in the character of a public servant. 1 am
proud of the land of my birth; I always feel a pride
and exultation when our brethren of other States
speak of her as the economical and honest Old
North State; and in behalf of the people of that
ancient Commonwealth, I invoke my countrymcn
not to estimate their character by the conduct of
one of her apostate sons, by whom she has hmi
deceived and disappointed. T appeal to my fellow-
citizens of that State for a response to the condem-
nation and disapprobation I now express upon the
course of our late Senator, as necessary to a vindi-
cation of the character of the State, and a reproba-
tion of that conduct so grossly inconsistent with the
just expectations of all. Whatever be his motives,
(of which I know nothing except what I have
stated,) no attempted justification or palliation can
relieve him from the bitter reproof of an outraged
people, whose voicc, at this crisis, has, by his act,
been thus stifled. I repeat, this duty is a most
painful one. I have heretofore claimed that Sena-
tor as a personal and political friend. The causes
that have produced a dissolution of that- relation
is a source of poignant regret. Yet a duty to the
people I represent, to my own character as a Rep-
resentative, and by whose vote such a Senator
was placed in power, would not permit me to say
less in expressing my solemn convictions of the
retribution that ought to be visited upon one wjto
has been thus recreant in the d ischargc of a sacred
duty intrusted to him by a confiding constituency.
iVlr. COLLIN obtained the floor, and yielded to
Mr. BARRINGER, who said that he must
express his astonishment at the remarks of his
colleague in regard to a subject with which this
House had nothing to do. 'He was amazed that
his colleague had made a studied attack here on
| the conduct and motives of a late Senator from the
! State of North Carolina. Mr. B. did not rise to
I defend Mr. Haywood. That distinguished gen-
i tleman, and his colleague well knew it, was abun-
j dantly able to defend himself. No one in North
I Carolina was more so. He did not intend to ex-
! press any opinion as to the wisdom or expediency
1 of that honorable Senator's course in regard to an
i act which has produced such sensation in this Cap-
; ;tol and in the country. He did not rise for that
purpose. But he was the personal friend of the
late Senator. He was not his political friend, and
had never been. Their respective positions were
well understood at home. But he must enter his
solemn and decided protest against the dishonora-
ble insinuations—nay, sir, the charges made against
the motives of that Senator, here and elsewhere.
The personal character of that Senator was well
appreciated' in North Carolina. It was unblem-
ished and unimpeachable. He had maintained an
honest, pure, and Christian character ever since
Mr. B. had known him, and that was as long as
he had known any man in public life. Such was
undeniably his reputation in that honest State,
where private and political integrity were fully un- ^
derstood and appreciated. In reply to the strange
attack of his colleague, he must be allowed to say,
that whatever he may think of the political course
of Mr. Haywood, he believed his motives in refer-
ence to the act of resignation, which has attracted
so much attention and remark, were pure and con-
scientious. The act speaks for itself. It was the
very opposite of corruption and self-interest. It
was a self-sacrificing act. It was the abandonment
of a position of which any man, however lofty his
ambition, might well be proud, for private life,
because he could not sustain a measure which he
sincerely believed to be wrong in principle, and
ruinous to the best interests of his country; and
because, by voting against it, he might embarrass
his political friends and party. He sacrificed his
high place, and surrendered his convictions of that
important measure, to his party, that his vote
against the bill might create no obstacle to its pas-
sage. His head and heart told him that he eould
not vote for it. I speak only from my impressions
of the reasons that governed his conduct. I believe
the act itself authorizes this conclusion, indepen-
dent of all knowledge of a reputation in private life,
that absolutely forbids and defies the unjust impu-
tations which have been so profusely cast upon
him. But, sir, I have a higher object to answer
(if there can be a higher object than defending the
fame of an upright man, whether in public or pri-
vate life) in repelling this charge of impure motives
in regard to the conduct of the late Senator from
North Carolina. It is an attack on the honor and
character of a State, which, at least, whatever may
be said of the pretensions of her sons in other re-
spects, has always had the satisfaction of believing
that she has had honest Representatives in both
branches of Congress. From colonial times to the
present hour, she has sustained a character for in-
tegrity and political honesty without a blemish.
And, sir, I am convinced, notwithstanding the at-
tempts now being made, and which will continue
to be made in this city and elsewhere, to show
improper and impure motives on the part of the
ex-Senator from North Carolina in his recent act,
his late conduct will not make an exception to that
uniformly untarnished character she has heretofore
so nobly, maintained. Sir, I repeat, I am not here
as the defender or apologist of Mr. Haywood. I
have not seen him since his resignation. 1 do not
say whether his act was wise or unwise. I do not
say whether it was best for himself personally or
politically. He is able to shield himself in that
regard, and if he were not, my political relations
with him do not impose on me the necessity of
making that defence. I only mean to say, what I
do cheerfully and sincerely, and what I think will
be the deliberate judgment of honorable men of all
parties, when this excitement shall pass away, that
I believe his late course arose from pure consider-
ations of high public and conscientious duty. This
much I feel to be due to him and his friends, who
are not a few in every part of North Carolina—due
to my own State, and to myself, one of her hum-
blest representatives on this floor.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, (Mr. C.
further yielding,) gave notice of an amendment,
(looking towards the establishment of reciprocal
rates of postage on ship letters.)
Mr. DOBBIN said: Mr. Chairman, I ask the
honorable gentleman from New York to yield the
floor to me for a few minutes. My worthy col-
league, [Mr. Biggs,] and my equally worthy col-
league, [Mr. Barrxnger,] have availed themselves
of the latitude of debate to allude to an event which
has recently occurred in the Senate of the United
States. I have nothing to say upon the propriety
or taste of introducing that exciting element into
this discussion. Itlias been now introduced in my
presence. Two of my colleagues have delivered
their sentiments. I perceive, from expressions
around me on both sides of the House, that my
position may be probably misunderstood, and that
erroneous inferences may be drawn from my si-
lence. Reluctant as I always feel to mingle in the
