1162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 29,
unwarrantable controversy between the claimants
and the Government. I do not propose to enter
into a history of this controversy, as it would re-
quire long to recount it, and to do the claimants
that justice which the amount of their claim, the
grounds upon which it is founded, and the remark-
able pertinacity in the prosecution of it richly
merit. Suffice it to say, sir, that the title of the
State to every foot of it—and which title, hy her
voluntary act, is now vested in the United States—
is " clear and unquestionable."
We therefore go, sir, in the language of the
Fifty-four-Forties, for the whole or none of it, and'do
not mean.to be backed out of a " single pebble on
the shores of it," to quote the words of a distin-
guished Senator on the subject. The State of Del-
aware ceded her title to the Government without
money and without price, and upon the condition,
as 1 have already said, that a fortification should
be erected and maintained upon it. A fort was
erected accordingly, but it met with the misfortune
to be destroyed by fire some fifteen or sixteen
years ago, since which no effort has been made to
rebuild it. The State has repeatedly invited the
General Government to retroeede it, in order that
she may assume the burden and expense of defend-
ing it, and vindicating her title to it. But this the
Government has as often declined to do; and unless
some steps are speedily taken, either to rebuild the
works or to retroeede the island, she will in all
probability feel it her duty to end the question by
reentering upon it for a forfeiture of one of the con-
ditions upon which it was conveyed to the Gov-
ernment. I trust, however, that this long-pending
controversy may be speedily adjusted, and that no
such step may become necessary on our part. I am
perfectly willing that the whole matter should be
submitted to the arbitration of thepresent Chief Jus-
tice of the United States, although I shall feel it my
duty, at the proper time, to move to strike out one of
the provisions contained in the bill now before the
House for this purpose. The people of the State
have long felt a lively interest in this question; the
island is all important in a military point of view,
although of no intrinsic value. It is not only the
key, but the lock, too, with a good fort upon it, to
the upper Delaware and the country; and there-
fore it is of the last importance that it should be
speedily and properly defended. The State has
no fear whatever of the result of the question as to
the title, before any fair, well informed, and impar-
tial tribunal; and this I am certain she will find in
the distinguished and able gentleman to whose ar-
bitration it is now proposed to submit it. She has
never doubted, or would permit anybody else to
doubt, the validity of her title to it; and I cannot
suppose that it was the intention of my honorable
friend from Pennsylvania to intimate that her con-
fidence in the justice and sufficiency of it is in the
slightest degree diminished.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL said that he replied with
pleasure'to the inquiry of his friend from Delaware.
Having for some time had his attention direct-
ed to the island as a military position of great im-
portance, he had not been altogether unacquainted
with the different assertions of title in relation to
it. Ancient charters h*d given to the State of
Delaware claims which, if not " clear and indis-
putable," were at least so respectable that there
was little probability of her surrendering them,
except from motives very different from those
which have been imputed by one section of a party
to the other on a recent occasion, when similar
freedom from doubt had been at one time boldly
maintained. The State of Delaware, with many
reasons for believing her title good, had given new
proof of patriotism in preferring the country to her-
self. The place in question was not so well adapt-
ed to individual possession as to national use.
Still it was a jurisdiction of which any State might
well be proud. In yielding to the wishes or the
objects of the War Department, there had been,
therefore, no small degree of magnanimity. It
was a pure concession of patriotism. If from any
cause the purposes of this grant should fail, it
never could be supposed that advantage might be
taken of it. The rights of a sovereign State were
not to be invaded without her full consent. They
would^-iiever be compromised either m her own
keeping or under the care of the honorable gentle-
man, her faithful and able representative oil this
floor. If at any time it should appear that a vol-
untary and well-guarded concession did not avail
for the objects that were contemplated by it, there
was nothing (Mr. I. said) that he had ever heard
of or supposed, which would prevent the vindica-
tion of claims unimpaired by a free-will offering
to the country^ or a peremptory assertion of title
against all the world besides. There was a claim-
ant under the State of New Jersey, between whom
and the General Government controversy had long
subsisted. The design Mr. I. had in moving an
amendment to the fortification bill was so to adjust
that dispute that, if the Government should prevail
in it, there would be no obstacle to an immediate
use of a strong military position for the defence of
a great river, and the populous and unprotected
tract of country and flourishing cities upon its bor-
ders.
Mr. HAMLIN was an advocate of low postages
at the time of the passage of the present law, and
more so now. He then believed that the great
interests of the country would be subserved by low
postages; and this idea had been confirmed by the
very flattering succcss of the present law—a suc-
cess beyond his utmost expectations.
He held that the Post Office Department should
be so administered as to sustain itself on its own
revenues; but, at the same time, he equally insist-
ed upon the injustice of compelling the postage-
payers to defray the expenses of the transmission
of franked letters and documents. Millions of
dollars, however, having been paid by the people
in this way, it would be but a return of a small
part of it if the Government made such temporary
appropriations as were necessary to supply the
deficiency of revenue during the first workings of
the low-postage system, which he predicted would
soon yield sufficient revenue to defray all the ex-
penditures of the department. He would support
a bill properly modifying the present law, by
making new regulations as to the compensation of
deputy postmasters, by abolishing the franking
privilege, and in other respects which he mention-
ed. In the course of his remarks he yielded for
explanation to Messrs. HOUGH and OWEN.
Mr. JONES, of Georgia, dissented from the
views of Mr. Hamlin in relation to the franking
privilege, and advocated the extension of that
privilege to deputy postmasters, as a mode of com-
pensation to them involving little or no expense to
the Government or the people, (because, when
contracts were made, the addition of a few free
letters would make no difference in the expense,)
and to members of Congress for the diffusion of
information by public documents and otherwise
among the people. He was also in favor of a uni-
form rate of postage, whether five or ten cents, to
be determined by the wisdom of Congress, through-
out the Union
Mr. CHIPMAN, with reference to the proposed
standard of weight of the single letter, contended
that there was no justice in charging the heavy sin-
gle sheet used by the laboring man higher than the
fine costly sheet used bv the rich. He gave notice
of an amendment providing additional compensa-
tion to deputies in certain cases, and briefly en-
forced its provisions.
Mr. RATHBUN defended the system of cheap
postages as illustrated by its practical operation
thus far; and he predicted by the end of another
year it would yield sufficient revenue for the sup-
port of the department, if the proper reduction in
the lettings of contracts, which had been made at
the North, were carried out at the South. He
opposed the entire system of franking, repudiating
the argument in its favor on the ground of its oper- (
ating as a compensation to deputies, and arguing j
that a fair and open compensation should be given
them.
The hour of two having arrived, the committee
proceeded to vote.
The question was taken on the first branch of
the amendment of Mr. McCi.eli.akd, (above
given,)—I. c., striking out the words " and less than
six hundred miles." Agreed to.
And the question was taken on the second branch I
of theamendment—i. t., striking out the following:
£c And for any distance over six hundred miles, fifteen
cents.'5
Agreed to.
The question was then on agreeing to the residue
of Mr. McClelland's motion, butit was not put;
when
Mr. HOPKINS made a motion to strike out the
residue of the said item from the word " except,"
but waived the motion.
Mr. HOPKINS moved to insert between the
words "of" and '-'paper," (inthesameitem,)the
words " foolscap, post or letter." Agreed to.
Mr. HOPKINS moved to strike out the proviso
in the said item. Agreed to.
Amendments were proposed bv Messrs. GOR-
DON, S. JONES, and HAMLIN.
When, no quorum voting, the committee rose.
Mr. WHEATON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, made a report.
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, July 29, 1846.
Mr. DIX presented memorials from William S.
Clark and others, master mariners'or formerly
comniissioners of pilots, of New York, together
with a large number of memorials from other citi-
zens of New York, praying that the pilot laws
of 1837 may be repealed; which were laid on the
table.
WASHINGTON MONUMENT.
Mr. MANGUM moved that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the joint resolution autho-
rizing the erection upon the public grounds in the
city of Washington of a monument to General
Washington; which was agreed to.
The joint resolution was then read by its title.
Mr. BENTON inquired if the morning business
had been disposed of. If it had not, the considera-
tion of the joint resolution -was certainly out of
order.
Mr. DIX observed that he had several reports
to make.
The reading of the joint resolution again was
called for, and it was read.
Mr. MANGUM said that the bill had been laid
on the table some time since on his motion,and as
the great question of the age had now been dis-
posed of, he had thought this a proper time to con-
sider the subject under discussion. He hoped that
the Senate would take some action upon the joint
resolution.
Mr. BENTON* again objected, and moved to
lay the subject on the table.
Upon this question the yeas arid nays were de-
manded; and, being taken, was decided in the
affirmative.
So the joint resolution was laid on the table.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, reported back, without amend-
ment, the House bill for the relief of Lois Matti-
son, of the county of Jefferson, State of New
York.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Commerce, to
whom was referred the House bill for the relief of
Emanuel Berri and John M. Keese, reported ad-
versely thereto, and moved that the further con-
sideration of the subject be postponed indefinitely;
which motion was agreed to.
Mr. D. also, from the Committee on Commerce,
reported the House bill for the relief of L. and N.
Dana, recommending that its further consideration
be indefinitely postponed; which report was con-
curred in.
Mr. D. made a similar report upon the bill for
the relief of Philip and Eliplialet Green; which
was concurred in.
Mr. D., from the same committee, reportedj
without amendment, the House bill for the relief
of the owners of the ship Herald, of Baltimore.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, reported, without amendment, the House
bill for the relief of Elizabeth Betts.
Mr. NILES, from the committee to audit and
control the contingent expenses of the Senate, re-
ported back, without amendment, the (House)
joint resolution directing the manner of procuring
the printing of the two Houses of Congress, which,
on his motion, was made the special order for to-
morrow, at eleven o'clock.
THE TEXAS NAVY.
On motion of Mr. RUSK, the Senate then pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill providing
for the incorporation of the navy of Texas with
that of the United States.
Mr. PENNYBACKER spoke in favor of the
bill.
Mr. CALHOUN followed in its favor.
Mr. FAIRFIELD said, he could furnish a reply
