1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1163
to the inquiry of his friend from Ohio, [Mr. Al-
i.ev.] So far from having official information that
an increase of the number of officers is required,
exactly the reverse is the fact. In an official com-
munication not long since received from the Secre-
tary of the Navy, we are informed that the present
number of officers is in fact larger than the public
exigencies require. If, therefore, the number be
now increased, no one should misunderstand that
by voting for this bill he votes directly for the ad-
mission of the former officers of the "Texan navy,
and not in accordance with the public exigencies.
The constitutional question raised is not the most
important in the case, though by no means unde-
serving of consideration. It is true that, by the
amendment proposed, the President will not, in
terms, be restricted in his selection of men to fill
the places created; but would he not be so virtual-
ly? You do not, it is true, say to him that he
shall nominate to the Senate the Texan officers; but
tc^enable him to do it, you create certain offices.
Now, is it to be supposed that the President, under
such a law, would pass over the Texan officers
and appoint others not thought of by Congress
when the bill was passed ? If the President has
the right.—as he undoubtedly has.—to look into
the qualifications and merits of the Texan officers,
and pass them over, if found wanting, is it Aht
and proper to impose so invidious a task upon
him ? He thought not. Whatever the bill might
be in terms, it was virtually an infringement of
his constitutional rights. But the strongest ob-
jection.—and, indeed, an insuperable one to his
mind—to this bill was its manifest injustice to the
officers of the navy. If the gentleman formerly
commander of the Texan navy be now made a
post captain in the navy of the United Slates, the
whole number of commanders—mnetv-seven is
inevitably overslaughed. He knew it was con-
tended to be otherwise, because the appointment
would be made, not to a vacancy already existing
in the grade of captains, but to a new, place—to
one expressly made for the purpose. For one, he
was utterly unable to perceive any difference, so
far as regards the point made, whether the ap-
pointment be made to a new place, or a vacancy
already existing. The overslaughing consists in
placing over the heads of the commanders one who
is not entitled to the place by regular military
precedence. How and when the place was made
was of no consequence. The material inquiry
was, whether the person appointed was taken
from the line below the officers standing next be-
low the place to be filled, or, what is equivalent to
it, taken from out the line altogether. If so, then
the officer entitled to the place by military pre-
cedence, would be superseded or overslaughed,
and, by consequence, all under him of the same
grade. It had been said, also, that the lieutenants
were in no way hindered in promotions by the
appointment of a commander from the Texan
navy, inasmuch, also, as a new place is created for
him. But let us suppose, for a moment, that in
process of time it should become necessary to in-
crease the number of commanders in the navy: the
places thereby created would, of course, cause the
promotion of some lieutenants, and the advance-
ment in the line of all. But if this necessity for an
increase be now anticipated, and the places created
be also filled by persons out of the line, did not
every one perceive that the chances of the present
lieutenants for promotion would be thereby dimin-
ished ? Nothing could be plainer to his apprehen-
sion. But there was another point to which he
would say a word or two. It was said by the Sen-
ator from South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun.] that
there was probably no objection to the persons who
were proposed to be provided for. He thought
otherwise. The person proposed for a post-cap-
taincy, if he had been correctly informed, had been
dismissed from the Texan navy, and had never
been legally restored. Again: the person proposed
for a commander, he had understood, was formerly
a midshipman in the navy of the United States. ,
At the time appointed for the examination of mid- ;
shipraen,for some reason or other he was notpres- i
eat. At a subsequent examination, instead of pre- i
senting himself, among others, it is understood that :
he resigned and entered the Texan service, but has
never, from that time to the present, set his foot
on board a ship, although he may have occupied
pome station on shore in connexion with the navy.
This is a very intelligent, and worthy gentleman,
he believed; but really he could perceive no pro-
priety, but great injustice, in bringing him into the
navy of the United States, and placing him over
the heads of three hundred and twenty-six lieu-
tenants. If Mr. F. was incorrect in these facts,
he hoped the Senators from Texas, who were
familiar with the whole subject, would correct him.
He had no desire to do any one injustice.
_ Mr. "WESTCOTT said he was induced to be-
lieve there was an objection to this bill in its
present shape. It seemed to him it encroached on
the constitutional powers of the Executive. The
Constitution invested the President, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, with the
power to appoint and commission officers of the
navy. The legislative branch cannot fetter or
restrict that power of the President and Senate
by designating any individual or class of individ-
uals who shall be nominated, and, if confirmed,
commissioned, in our navy. The President and
Senate must be left in the exercise of their consti-
tutional functions free and untrammelled, as was
contemplated by the framers of the Constitution.
Any other course would create confusion and
disorder. Suppose one of the officers of the
late navy of Texas had committed a crime that
disqualified him for service in our navy—sup-
pose he had been cashiered from our navy, and
by sentence declared incapable of serving the
United States in the navy, before going into the
Texan service—I do not mean to insinuate such
to be the case, by any means—but if it was, this
bill, as originally reported, is mandatory to the
President and Senate to admit him into our navy.
Mr. W. said he wished to do the Texan officers
justice. They should not be entirely abandoned
and cashiered because of the annexation, but the
worthy and qualified should be provided for. It was
not expected when Texas was admitted that they
would be abandoned, but the reverse was antici-
pated. The mode of doing them justice, it ap-
peared to him, was merely to authorize an addition
to the present officers of the United States navy
equal to the number of the Texan officers; not,
however, restricting the President to the selection
of those officers. Under such law, the President
could, and probably would, select such of the
Texan officers as were deemed worthy and quali-
fied, and the Senate would pass on these nomina-
tions as in other cases. By such law the consti-
tutional powers of the Executive would not be
trenched upon. As to the question of rank, he
was for leaving that question to be decided by
! those with whom the Constitution placed it—the
I President and Senate, in the exercise of the ap-
I pointing power. The alleged relative "rights"
i and claims of the Texan officers and of the United
' Slates naval officers would all be duly weighed.
I Mr. W. did not by any means coticedc that the
j Texan officers had any right, of any character,
to be appointed in our navy to the same rank that
they held in the Texan navy; nor was there any
' injustice in declining to give it to them; nor did he
■ admit that our navy officers had any right to
j resist their admission into our navy with any rank
: that Congress should, in constitutional form, allow
the President to give them. Congress could to-
morrow abolish the whole navy, if it deemed
! proper, without any just complaint from the offi-
j cers. Mr. W. said the last amendment offered, it
! seemed to him, did not clearly obviate the objee-
i tions he had suggested. It might be regarded as
! susceptible of a construction under which the
President mieht feel constrained to appoint all the
; Texans to the rank therein indicated. He might
consider the act as directory. Now, (said Mr.
W.,) I am for leaving the President to the exercise
of his constitutional functions uncontrolled and
free. The questions of justice to the Texan officers
and of their alleged rights, and justice to the Uni-
ted States naval officers and of their alleged rights,
should be left to the decision of those with whom
the Constitution has placed them. If the constitu-
tional objection he had suggested could be obviated,
or did not exist—and he wished to hear the views
of Senators as to the last amendment proposed,
and on this point—he could vote for it; but if not,
favorably disposed as he was to do the Texan
officers full justice, he could not. do so.
Mr. HUNTINGTON spoke at some length in
opposition to the bill; and, with a view to test the
sense of the Senate, moved its indefinite postpone-
TOTh'e debate was further continued by Messrs.
BREESE, BERRIEN, ALLEN, BENTON, and
R JOHNSON, who spoke against the bill; and
by Messrs. SEVIER and CASS in its favor.
Mr. RUSK then said, in reply to the Senator
from Georgia and others, that it appeared to him
to be a rather singular course of opposition to the
bill, to travel entirely out of the record, and make
an assault on the officers whose admission into the
navy of the United States was now sought on prin-
ciples which were definite and open for examina-
tion.' That was not the place, or occasion either,
to assail or defend these officers. If the bill passed,
the President was authorized to add to the navy of
the United States such officers only as belonged to
the Texas navy at the time of annexation; and it
was for him to institute inquiries as to whether
such and such officers belonged to that navy at that
time. It therefore appeared to him to be rather an
unfair argument against the general principles of
the bill to turn round and assail these officei s. Both
branches of the Congress of Texas had by express
resolutions recommended that these very officers
should be placed in the navy of the United States.
The convention which framed the constitution of
Texas passed a similar resolution. And the Legis-
lature of Texas, which had just terminated its ses-
sion, had made a similar recommendation. It was,
then, in his opinion, altogether out of place to di-
rect the opposition to the bill entirely against these
officers. It would be equally inappropriate to un-
dertake their defence at this time. Ifthe bill passes,
they will have an opportunity to defend them-
selves, and he was very confident that that defence
would be quite satisfactory. He hazarded noth-
ing in saying that they would be able to satisfy
the President of their competency and qualifica-
tions. As for " overslaughing," as it was called,
he (Mr. R.) would be the last man in the world to
overslaugh any officer in the United States. But
that objection to the bill had not the slightest force.
As well might it be said that by the creation of the
new regiment the other day the officers of the army
were overslaughed. The incorporation of the offi-
cers of the Texan navy with that of the United
States would increase instead of diminish the
chances of promotion to the present officers of the
latter. There were now ninety-seven commanders
in the United States. The additional commander
brought in by this bill would be of course the junior
officer on the list. How, then, would he interfere
with the others ? Was it pot likely that the cap-
tain brought in by this bill, would, by death or
otherwise, vacate his office before the whole ninety-
seven commanders above him were promoted, and
in that case would not the chances of promotion to
those below him be increased, and not diminished ?
But there were strong and valid reasons for the
admission of these officers. They were well ac-
quainted with the coast of Mexico, and during the
present relations of the United States and that
Republic, their services would be of the highest
value and importance. But he placed this bill on
still higher grounds. In the joint resolution for
the annexation o£ Texas this arrangement was
specially provided for. The term "navy" in-
cluded, of course, the officers and ipen. Texas so
understood this clause in the terms of annexation;
and after the United States had received the ships
which had been ceded, it was only simple justice
that the whole of the terms should be complied
with—a fair and just, not at all to speak of a libe-
ral, construction of the joint resolution of annexa-
tion; and he therefore hoped that the opposition
would be withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. HOUSTON, the further con-
sideration of the bill was postponed till to-mor-
row.
On motion of Mr. CASS,
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of providing an outfit for the Commissioner to tha
Sandwich Islands.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of-Maryland,
Ordered, That Mr. Bbeesf. he the chairman of
the Committee for the District of Columbia, in the
place of Mr. Haywood, resigned, and that the
President appoint the members to fill the vacan-
cies.
Mr. Rusk and Mr. Atherton were accordingly
appointed.
THE TARIFF.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, informing the Senate that the House
