1166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 30,
affirmative on the motion to concur, with a view
to move a reconsideration of the vote, and a post-
ponement of that motion to next week.
Mr. JAMES THOMPSON submitted whether
a motion to postpone would not be in order, al-
though the previous question had been moved, so
long as it had not been seconded.
The SPEAKER said, that the demand for the
previous question operated as an exclusion of
every other motion, although it had not been sec-
onded, except of a call of the House.
The question was then taken on the demand for
the previous question, and by ayes 105, noes 94,
there was a second.
The main question was ordered, and being
taken, the vote was not reconsidered.
So the bill needs only the signature of the Presi-
dent to become a law.
The bill for the relief of Richard Elliott came
up.
After some remarks from Messrs. BRODHEAD
'and MeKAY, the House refused to recede from
its amendment.
RATES OF POSTAGE.
On motion of Mr. HOPKINS^the House again
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Reid, of North Carolina,
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
bill to amend the act approved the 3d of March,
JL845, entitled " An act to reduce the rates of post-
age, to limit the use and prevent the abuse of the
franking privilege, and for the prevention of frauds
on the revenues of the Post Office Department."
The pending question was on the amendment of
Mr. Hopkins, to add to the first item, being the
five-cent postage, these words: " which shall be
charged and paid at the time of the delivery of the
same into the post office, and before the same is sent
in the mails."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JENKINS moved to amend the amendment,
by adding, " which shall be paid or not, at the
option of the person depositing the same."
On which motion no quorum voted.
A motion was made that the committee rise.
No quorum voted.
The committee rose, and the chairman reported
the fact to the House.
Mr. WHEATON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, made a report.
The House then went back into committee.
The question recurred on the amendment of Mr.
Jenkins, and (after some conversation on a point
of order) it was taken.
No quorum voted.
Tellers were ordered, and the vote having been
again taken, the amendment, by ayes 72, noes 48,
was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN offered an amendment, giving to
the postmasters the selection of the newspapers in
which the letters should be published.
Mr. GRINNELL moved an amendment to the
amendment, so as to provide that the publication
be made in the newspaper having the largest cir-
culation.
The amendment of Mr. Grinnell was rejected.
And the amendment of Mr. Hamlin was agreed
to.
Amendments were further offered by Messrs.
OWEN and GORDON.
The committee rose for want of a quorum,
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, July 30, 1846.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to whom was referred the pe-
tition of John McLeod, submitted an adverse re-
port; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SEMPLE, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported-a bill for the relief of the le-
gal representatives of John Rice Jones; which was
read and passed to the second reading, and the ac-
companying report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. JARNAGIN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the House bill
for the relief of the legal representatives of Thomas
Murray, jr., reported it without amendment, and
recommended that it be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. J. also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of the heirs of Sour John,
deceased, reported a joint resolution for the relief
of the widow and six of the children of said Sour
John, a Cherokee Indian; which was read, and
passed to the second reading.
Mr. J. also asked to be discharged from further
service on the Committee on Enrolled Bills, which
was granted.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred a report of the Secretary of
ble proposals of different characters, till, to secure
the getting of the work, even at under prices; the
bidders relying, if successful, on the liberality of
Congress to make up losses, on the favorable con-
struction of his contract by his political friends is
Congress, and trusting that if he should botch some
of the work it would be passed over. The resolu-
tion under discussion is extremely loose in its
the Treasury, of the 26th of February, reported i pterins. Several amendments had been suggested
the following resolution; which was considered and '' ~ c' 71 ' 1 1 ' 1
agreed to:
Resolved, That the subject concerning the expe-
diency of requiring vessels navigating the Delaware
bay to carry lights in the night time, in order to
avoid collision, be again referred to the Secretary
of the Treasury, with instructions to inquire into
the facts, and report upon the expediency of ma-
king a more general provision in regard to vessels
navigating along the coast of the United States;
which report shall be made at the next session of
Congress.
Mr. BAG-BY submitted a resolution authorizing
the President to fill the vacancy in the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, occasioned by the discharge of
Mr. Jarnagi.v: which was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. HANNEGAN, the Senate
took up for consideration, as in committee of the
whole, the House bill granting the right of pre-
emption to actual settlers on the public lands ac-
quired by treaty with the Miami Indians, in Indi-
ana, which, after a short conversation, was reported
to the Senate without amendment, ordered to a
third reading, read a third time and passed, with-
out a division.
Mr. BREESE moved that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of the bill to graduate and reduce
the pricc of the public lands.
Upon this question the yeas and nays were de-
manded; and, being taken, resulted—yeas 25, nays
22.
So the motion to take up was agreed to.
Sundry amendments, made by the Senate com-
mittee to the amendment passed by the House of
Representatives, were read; and, after some discus-
sion upon the propriety of considering the bill,
A motion by Mr. BARROW to postpone the
further consideration of the subject until to-mor-
row was adopted.
THE PRINTING OP CONGRESS.
The special order of the day, being the joint
resolution (from the House of Representatives)
providing the manner of procuring the printing of
Congress, was then taken upas m committee of
the whole.
Mr. SPEIGHT called for the reading; and it
was read.
Mr. S. then moved a postponement of its fur-
ther consideration until to-morrow, in order that
the Senate might resume the consideration of the
bill in relation to the Texan navy, upon which the
Senator from that State [Mr. Houston] desired to
make some remarks.
Mr. HOUSTON said, he had no objection to a
postponement of his remarks until to-morrow, if i
such was the desire of the Senate. i
Mr. SPEIGHT here withdrew his motion. j
Mr. LEWIS renewed the motion to postpone, |
in order to proceed to the consideration of the in ;
dependent treasury bill. I
Upon this question the yeas and nays were de- i
manded and ordered, and, being taken, resulted'— j
yeas 24, nays 26. \
So the further consideration of the bill in rela- i
tion to printing, was not postponed, and the Senate1'!
proceeded with the discussion. ;
Mr. WESTCOTT said he was in favor of sep- i
aratmg the public printing from the public press, j
He professed to know something about this matter [
of printing practically. The honorable Senator j
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cameron,] who was a ]
practical printer, had, in conjunction with him, !
(Mr. W.,) particularly examined the provisions of j
this proposed resolution, as far as we could this
morning, and we became satisfied if these resolu-
tions passed without material and imponantamend-
ments, and the adoption of chocks and guards,
even with the utmost vigilance and care of the
officers of the Senate and House, who were to re-
ceive the bids, frauds and impositions would occur j
in obtaining the contract. There would be ficti- J
tious bids; there would be combinations of bidders; i
there would be buying oil'of bidders; there would be j
different forms of bids, artfully drawn, and plausi- !
by the Senator from Pennsylvania to him, which
would go a great way to prevent the evils he (Mr.
W.) had adverted to. Mr. W. would specfally
call the notice of the Senate to the fact yjat the
proposed resolution did not classify the different
kinds of printing required to be done, for which,
every one knew, different prices were paid—for
instance, rule and figure work, tables, as distin-
guished from other work—nor how pages were to
be calculated, nor what allowances are to be made
for extra copies. Every one knows the, cost of
printing ] ,000 copies is not as much, in pioportion,
as the cost of 100 copies. He hoped the resolu-
tion would be postponed till tormorrow, to enable
the Senator from Pennsylvania to propose the
proper amendments; and he had no hesitation in
saymg that, without those amendments, to prevent
frauds and impositions, he should vote against the
resolution, when, with proper guards and checks,
he would be inclined to vote for them. „
Mr. NILES advocated the resolution. It was
the duty of Congress to reduce its expenses, and
he was willing- to try the experiment of the con-
tract system.
Mr. PENNYBACKER said he was very sorry
that the subject before the Senate had been sprung
so suddenly upon us. From what had taken place
on yesterday, he had no idea that the subject of
printing would come up to-day. He had had no
time to consider the matter, but he could not per-
mit the resolution to be adopted without a word in
opposition to it.
it was the saying of a wise man, that before a
law should be repealed, the mischiefs which the
law was intended to remedy should be carefully
considered, and if those mischiefs could not be
remembered, they would develop themselves on
the repeal of the law. Now, the joint resolution
before the Senate proposes to repeal the existing
laws on the subject of printing, and to let the
printing out to the lowest bidder. Is this desira-
ble? Has not that experiment been made, and
has it not most signally failed? Why, (said Mr.
P.,) the evils growing out of that very experiment
were the cause of the" law of 1819. Mf. P. would
pray the Senate to listen attentively to the evils
described iu the report of the committee which
brought into Congress the joint resolution of 1819.
Here is the report, and with the permission of the
Senate he would read a portion of it:
" Mr. WiKon, from tile joint committee on the subject of
the public printing, made the following ieport to the Senate:
"Thar regarding the subject committed to them as con-
nected with the convenience of the membeis. the informa-
tion of the community, the economy of time and money,
and character ot flic country, they have gtvon it the eon-
Sideiation which their other engagements permitted.
" That tlnee ditler"nt moues'of procuring the printing of
Cong'ess to he cxecutcd have undergone their discussion
and deliberation.
" 1. Offering trie woik by advertisement (as at present) to
the lowest bidder.
"On this- mode the committee would remark, that al-
though at the first glance it maysnike the mind as the most
economical, experience and observation do not prove it.
Competitors for the wotk underbid each other, until it is
undeit.ikon for a let-s stfln Than it can be afforded at: and
j too snnUi. an establishment, and too few workmen are eon-
i sequeutly employed to execute the pmttms with the neees-
[ saty promptitude. Hence, both House* have frequently to
| wait long tor interesting and important communications from
, the President, or head- of departments-—repoits, bills, reso-
lutions. &e.—upon winch they are called to act; and the loss
j ot time thus incurred, considering the daily expense at
j which Congress sit^, costs the nation much more than the
difference between the present price and a liberal allowance,
| wmch would justify the application of a greater capital to
i engine the despatch of the v. ork.
Another d^advantage attending the present mode (ad-
vertisement to the lowest bidder) is, that the reduced pnee
of the woxk prevent-* that care and attention from being
bestowed upon itwMch is neccssary to its neatness and
accuracy. And documents are not only distributed through
tin.- nation, but di-persed through Europe, winch are exe-
cuted in such an inelegant and infforreet manner as must
bring disg.ace and ridicule on the literature and the press of
our country.
That the pre>ent ptice of printing is too low, would be
readily discovered by any ot the profession; and the fact
tnat no other printer m the District could be found by the
^ocietaty or the Clerk who would execute the work at the
contract prices, must satisfy the nund of every gentleman of
the truth of what the committer have asserted. How far ft
is reputable for Congress toendeavor to get their woffe done
