THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR h RI VES.
29tii Congress, 1st Sess
TUESDAY, AUGUST 4, 1846.
Sim*, Leonard H. Sims, Stanton, Starkweather, Strong,
Syke*. Wuiitwonh, Wbeaton, Wlck, Williams, arid Wood-
ward—84.
NAYS—Mesa«is. Abbott, John Gtutncy Adams, Arnold,
Barringer, Bc-din^er, Bell, Blanchaid, Brodheud, Milton
Brown, Buffington, William VV. Campbell, John H. Camp-
ixjlij Carroll, Carhcart, Jolm G. Chapman, Augustus A.
Chapman, Reuben Chapman, Cocke, Cian^ton, Crozier,
CuHom, Culver, Garrett Davi«, Dillingham, Dixon, Dookury,
J. H. Ewing, Foot, Foster, Giddings, Giles, Graham, Grider,
Gnnnell, Hampton, Haral?on, Harper, Hilhard, Ellas B.
Holmes, Hopkins, Samuel D. Hubbard, Hudson, Washing-
ton Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Daniel P. King, Thomas
Butler King, Leake, Lewis, Long, Lumpkin, Maclay, James
McDowell,Mcllvaine, Marsh,Miller, Moseley, Owen, Pen-
dleton. Pollock, Ramsey. Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell,
Root. Runk, Sehenek. Seaman, Seddon, Severance, Simp-
son, Truman Smith, Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stewart,
St. John, Strolim, Titibodeaux, Thomasson, Benjamin
Thompson. Tibbatts, Tilden, Toombs, Tredvvay, Trumbo,
Vinton, White, Wmthrop, Woodruff, Wnght, and Young—
So the amendment was rejected.
The question then recurred on the substitute.
Some conversation followed.
Mr. RATHBUK asked the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and, being taken, resulted as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Barrmger, Bayly, Bed-
inger, Bell, Biggs, James A. Black, Bowhn, Boyd, Biink-
eriiotf, Brodiiead, Milton Brown, William G. I3iown, Burt,
Aueu-tu-s A, Cliapman, Rc-uben Chapman, Cha^e, Clarke,
Cockf, Crozier, Cnilom, Daniel. Dihmghrim, Dobbin, Do< le-
ery, Dromgoole, Erdman, Ficklm, Fries, Gaivin, Giles,
Graham, H.trai-on, Hilhard, H020, Hopkins, George S. Hous-
ton, E hnu.sd W. Hubard. Hunter, Joseph Johnson, Andiew
Johnson. Kaufman, Thomas B. Kins, Leake, La Sere, Li-
gon. Lurnpkm, McClernand, MeConnell, James McDowell,
McKay. John P. Martin, Barkley Maitm, Morns, Panish,
Payiiw, Phelps, Pillsbury, Reid, Relie, Rh&tt, Ritter, Roberts,
Sawyer, Seddon, Alexander D. Sims, Leonard If. Sims,
Simp«Gn, Thomas Smith, Stanton, Starkweather, St. John,
Syke*, Jacob Thompson, Tibbatts, Toombs, Towiif, Tred-
\vaj,\ Wentworth, Wick, and Woodward—81.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, John Qumey Adams, Anderson,
Arnold, Benton, Blanchard, Buffington, William W. Camp-
bell, John H. Campbell, Carroll, Catheart, Chipman, Col-
lin, Cranston, Culver, Cummms, Cunningham, Garrett Da-
vis. De Mott, Di\on, Dunlap, Eilsall, Ellsworth, John H.
E\vinff, Faran, Foot, Foster, Giddmg<, Goodyeai, Goidon,
Gii.ler, Grinnell, Gruver. Hamlin, Hampton, Harper, Hough,
Samuel D. Hubbard, Hudson, Iiungerford, Wa-hniirron
Hunt. James B. Hunt, Joseph R. lnger-oll, Jenkins, James
H. John.-'Uii, S'irtboin Jones, Darnel P. King, Preston King,
Lawrence, Leib, Lewi?, Lenn. T,ong, Mnelnv, MeCtate,
Joseph J. McDowell, McJuvame, Mar.-h, Miller, Niven, Nor-
n>. Owen, Pem5hjton, Pollock, Ramsey, Ralhbun, Julius
R.^ckws-h, John A. Rockwell, Root, Runk, Sawteile, Sram-
mon. Schonek. Seaman, Severance, Truman Smith, Albert
S'mth, Caleb B. Smith,'Stephens, Stewait, Srrohm, Strong,
Thibodeaux, Benjamin Thompson, James Thompson, Til-
den. Trumbo, Vinton, Whito, William?, Wmthrop, Wood,
Woodruii, Wright, and Young—95.
So the substi'ute was lejected.
The SPEAKER (Air. Dromgoole, pro tem.)
now announced that the question would be on the
engrossment of the bill.
Sir. SAWYER moved that the bill be laid on
the table.
The Chair decided the motion to be out of order,
on the ground that that motion could not be repeat-
ed durin°- the pendency of the previous question. ;
Some conversation followed on the point of ;
order. j
Mr. OWEN moved to reconsider the vote by ;
which the substitute of Mr. Hopkins had been re- j
jeeted; and asked the yeas and nays. ,
Mr. RATHBUN moved that the motion to re- j
consider be laid on the table.
After some conversation, Mr. JACOB THOMP- ;
SON asked the yeas and nays, which were ordered;
and, being taken, resulted as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John Quincy Adams. Arnold, '
Blanchaid, Uutfmgton, William W. Campbell, John II. 1
Campbell, Carroll, John G. Chapman, Chipman, Collin, ,
Ciiivfr, Cpmmine, De Mott, Dixon, Dunlap. Ed sail, Ells-
woith, Erdman, Foot, Foster, Giddirigs, Goodyear, Gordon,
Gjinmdl, Grovcr. Hamlin, Hampton, Harper, E. B. Holmes, <
Hough, Samuel 0. Hubbard. Hudson, Hunarerford, Wash-
ington Hunt, James B. Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Jenkins,
James H. Johnson, Joseph Johnson, Daniel P. King, TJios. ,
Butler King, Lawrence, Leib. Lewis, Levin, Long, Maelay, ,
McCI^Jland, MeOrate, MrGau<rhey, Mcllvaine, Mar-h, Mil- |
ler, Moseley, Kiveii, Norn's, Pendleton, Perry, Pollock, ;
Ramsey, Rathbun, Julius Rockwell. John A. Rockwell, i
Root, Runk, Bawtolle, Scammon. Sehenek, Seaman, Sev~ ,
erance, Truman Smith, Albert Smith, C. B. Smith, Stewart, .
Strohm, Strong, Tiiibodeoux, Benjamin Thompson, Tmir- ;
man, Tilden, Vinton, Wheaton, ^Vhlte, Withams, Win-
throp, Wood, and Woodruff—83.
ISAVS—Messis. Stephen Adams. Barringer, Bayly, Bed-
mgt-f, Bell, Benton, James A. Black, Bowlin, Boyd,
74
Bliiikerhuff, Brodhcad, Milton Brown, William G. Brown,
Burt, Catheart, Augustus A. Chapman, Reuben Chapman,
Chase, Clarke, Cocke, Constable, Cranston, Crozier, Cul-
lom, Cunningham, Darnel, Garrett Davis, Dillingham, Dob-
bin, Dockeiy, Dromgoole, John H. Ewing, Faian, Ficklm,
Fries, Garvin, Giles, Graham, Grider, Haialson, Harmanson,
Hilhard, Hoge, Isaac E. Holmes, Hopkins, George S. Hous-
ton, Edmund W. Hubaid, Hunter, Andrew Johnson, Sea-
born Jones, Kaufman, Leake, Xjigon, Lumpkin, McCiean,
McClernand, MeConnell, Joseph J. McDowell, James Mc-
Dowell. McKay, John P. Martin, Barkley Maitm. Monis,
Owen, Parrish, Perrill, Pettit, Phelps, Pilkbury, Keid,Rell'e,
Phett, Ritter, Roberts, Sawyer, Seddon, Alexander 1). Sims,
Leonard H. Sims, Simpson, Thomas Smith, Stanton, Staik-
weather, St. John, Sykes, Thomasson, Jacob Thompson,
Tibbatts Toombs, Towns, Tredway, Trumbo, WeilUvortll,
Wick, and WToodward—95.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
This motion having prevailed, the effect (under
the decision of the Chair) was to arrest all proceed-
ings on the bill until the motion to reconsidcr should
have been taken up and disposed of.
Mr. McCLELLAND moved that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (for the purpose of taking up the
bill to apply certain alternate sections of the public
domain towards the completion of works of internal
improvement in the State of Michigan, and for
other purposes.)
The motion having been agreed to,
The House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Houston,
of Alabama, in the Chair.)
After a struggle for business, and some proceed-
ings on the point of order,
Mr. RHETT moved the biirto repeal that part
of the tariif act of the 50th August, 1842, which
imposes a duty of 20 per cent, ad valorem on Java
coffee, and to refund the discriminating duties of
tonnage levied on Spanish vessels, except those
from Cuba and Porto Rico, by the act of 13th July,
1832, be taken up. Carried.
This bill had already passed the House, and was
returned from the Senate with an amendment.
The question was on concurrence in the amend-
ment.
Mr. RHETT said that, so far as regarded the
20 per cent, ad valorem on coffee, the new tariff
bill established the duty at that rate; the bill, there-
fore, so far as coifee was concerned, was super-
seded, it was the tonnage duty on Spanish ves-
sels alone. That subject was brought before Con-
gress in the President's message, and he hoped
there would be no further delay or objection, and
he moved the concurrence of the committee in the
amendment.
Mr. WINTHROP said that it was well known
that when this bill was under consideration some
weeks ago he had made earnest opposition to the
provision by which Java coffee from the Nether-
lands was to be admitted free of duty. He believ-
ed then, and he believed now, that such a provision
was calculated to do great injustice to the naviga-
ting interests of the country. But further opposi-
tion to it would be altogether unavailing. The
tariff bill which had finally passed the two tranches
yesterday, and which now awaited the signature
of the President, contained, as the honorable mem-
ber from South Carolina [Mr. Rhett] had sug-
gested, the same precise provision. And he must
be allowed to say that it was entirely consistent
with the whole tenor and spirit of that act. A
great many hard things had been said about the
tariff of 1842. It had never been said of that tariff,
however, and never could be, that it discriminated
against American labor and in favor of foreigh la-
bor. This most Republican and eminently Dem-
ocratic feature was reserved for the tariff of 1846.
This was the great leading characteristic of that
tariff, and one which could not be concealed? or
disguised. It was quite consistent with such a bill
to give to Dutch vessels the whole benefit of the
Java coffee trade. The navigating and the manu-
facturing interests of the country must stand or fall
too-etlier, and it was entirely reasonable that a bill
which aimed at the prostration of American man-
ufactures should include American shipping in the
same stroke. The tariff of 1846 did this, directly
and indirectly. The ship owner and the import-
New Series....No. 74.
ing merchant would feel its influences no less than
the manufacturer and the mechanic.
Mr. W. said he would not detain the committee
by going into the details of this Java coffee ques-
tion. He could not help recalling, however, the
lines of the celebrated George Canning—
"111 matters of commerce, the fdult of the Dutch,
giving too little and asking too much."
This was the characteristic of the Dutch Gov-
ernment twenty years ago, according to Mr. Can-
ning's account, and this would seem to be their
characteristic still. And there seemed to be no
spirit in our own American Government in these
days like that which had been exhibited in Great
Britain, both in the days of Mr. Canning and in
all other days of her history, for asserting the
rights and protecting the interests of our own in-
dustry and our own flag. But it was vain to pro-
test against the anti-American policy of the exist-
ing Administration in these Halls. The policy
has been solemnly sanctioned by the representa-
tives of the people, and nothing remained but to
appeal to the people themselves.
As to this bill, he should no longer oppose it.
Its provisions as to Spanish vessels were just, and
he hoped they would be adopted.
The amendment of the Senate was then concur-
red in, and the bill laid aside.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS PRIOR TO 1800.
On motion of Mr. LIGON, by a vote of ayes
91, noes 58, the committee took up the bill from
the Senate to provide for the ascertainment and
satisfaction of the claims of American citizens for
spoliations committed by the French prior to the
thirty-first day of July, 1801.
The bill having been read,
Mr. McDOWELL, of Ohio, moved that it be
laid aside. It contained, he thought, too many
important provisions to be acted upon at this late
period of the session.
Mr. HAMLIN moved to amend the motion by
adding, " to be reported to the House."
The CHAIR decided the amendment to be out
of order.
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
McDowell, (by tellers,) and the vote stood, ayes
52, noes 78.
So the motion was rejected.
The Clerk then read the'first section of the bill,
as follows: %
Be it enacted by the Senate anil Home of Representatives of
the United States of Jimerico in Congress assembled, That
satisfaction shall be made, as horeinaftei provided, to an
amount not exceeding live millions of dollars, to sueli ciu-
zens of the United States, or to their legal representatives,
as hadivalid claims to indemnity upon the Fi eneh Govern-
ment, arifing out of illegal captures, detentions, forcible
seizures, illegal condemnations, and confiscations commit-
ted pnor to the latifieation of the convention between the
United States and the French Republic, concludcd on the
thirtieth day of September, one thousand eight hundred, the
ratifications of whicli weie exchanged on the thirty first day
of luly following- Provided, That the provisions of this act
shall not extend to such claims as are stipulated for and em-
braced in the convention between the United States and the
French Republic concluded on the thirtieth day of April,
one thousand eight hundred and three, and for the liquida-
Hon and payment whereof provision is made in the said
convention ; noi to such claims as wore allowed and paid,
m whole or in part, under the provisions of the treaty be-
tween the United States and Spam concluded on the twenty-
second day of February, one thousand eight hundred and
nineteen : nor to such claims as were allowed, m whole or
in pai t, n nder the provisions of the treaty between the Uni-
ted States and France concluded on the fourth day of July,
one thousand eight l.umhed and thirty-one: And p-oMed,
also, That in all cu«w> of transfer or assignment, no claim-
ant shall be entitled to receive an amount beyond tiie con-
sideration paid, and interest thereon.
Mr. GILES took the floor, and said he was re-
joiced, for one, that the committee had agreed
finally to take up and settle these long-deferred
claims. He rejoiced that a proposition that had
passed the other branch of Congress several times
was about to meet with the action, and, he trusted,
the favorable action, of this committee. _ __
Mr. DROMGOOLE interposed, and inquired if
there was an amendment pending; to which, re-
ceiving a negative answer, he raised the point that
discussion was not in order, but that they must
proceed to the second scction of the bill.
