1170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 80,
Mr. S. ADAMS (Mr. Giles yielding) moved ||
to strike out the first section. !
Mr. GILES, resuming the floor, remarked that 1
he was prepared to discuss the bill; but his friends
seemed anxious that the discussion ^ should not i
proceed at this late stage of the session, and he j
therefore willingly yielded the floor. i
Mr. THURMAN. said he was in hopes that
there would be no attempt made to press the bill !
through—certainly not to press it through in the :
spirit which seems to be manifested here this after- ;
noon. He heard some gentlemen talk about pass-
ing this hill without discussion. But, without
going into the question whether these were meri-
torious claims or not, he wanted to ask every
member of this House who came from a State m
which there are public lands, whether he had re-
flected upon the effect of this bill, if it passed?
He undertook to say that the members from the
new States had better vote four dollars in money ,
to one single acre, according to the provisions-of ,
this bill. What was this bill? It was to give five ;
millions of dollars in public lands to the claimants, ;
or five millions of acres, if the graduation bill
should pass, and the lands be taken at one dollar
per acre—to be held by non-residents. Think of
that, said he, you who come from Ohio, Indiana,
Illinois, and all the western States—five millions
of acres to be selected from the best lands in the
States, and held by men, not one single one of
whom will live within your borders! And in
what quantities ? How many men arc there who
are interested in these claims ? He knew it might
be said that their name was legion; but if the truth
was found out it would appear that these claims
were very few. In whose hands were the major-
ity of these claims? In the hands of insurance
offices, who were underwriters for those who sus-
tained the losses. The large bulk was in the
hands of a few individuals. Pass this law, and
you will have men—a single man, or incorporation
—holding one hundred thousandacres of land.
Mr. J.R. INGERSOLL, interposing, said he
had received many letters on this subject, and the
most important series of them he had received
from individuals from Ohio. He understood the
gentleman to say that individuals in Ohio were
not interested in these claims.
Mr. THURMAN. There may be a single
case, but comparatively speaking there are none
in the new States.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, said he had,
within afew days, received letters from Ohio, urging
these claims.
Mr. THURMAN repeated that there might be
individual -cases.
Mr. HARPER (Mr. T. still yielding) was un-
derstood to refer to a person in his town who was
interested in this bill"fo the amount of $100,000;
and he knew of others largely interested.
Mr. THURMAN was very glad to receive this
statement. He wanted to know of gentlemen from
Indiana if their constituents wished the individual
from Ohio, of whom his colleague [Mr. Harper]
had spoken, to go into Indiana and select one hun-
dred thousand acres of land?
Mr. C. B. SMITH said he had a number of
constituents in Indiana who would be glad to have
the land themselves.
Mr. THURMAN (resuming) admitted that there
might be some of these claims in the new States,
but they did not amount to one-huudreth part of
- them. No; the bulk of them are held in the east-
ern cities, by insurance offices, by corporations,
the underwriters of those who sustained those
losses. There might be some few remaining in
the hands of their heirs, but the great mass of
them were held by corporations, and by a few in-
dividuals. And he undertook to say that such a
system, or such a wrong as this bill would inflict
on the western country, was never proposed to
operate on any section by any act of Congiess.
He happened to live in a portion of Ohio, a great j
proportion of the lands of which belonged to nnn- j
residents—in the Virginia military district of Ohio j
—and a perfect incubus it was. It was one of the j
most fertile portions of that country, that would !
sustain a population of two hundred to the square [
mile; and it had not now half the population of the j
lands immediately adjoining it—in what were call- j
ed Congress lands—which were of far inferior ;
quality. And the reason was that the lands in that j
districtwere held in large bodies by non-residents, j
This evil was large enough under the rage for land '
speculation which existed a few years ago, and it
still remained sufficiently great. But pass this bill,
and you will have tripled and quadrupled this evil
for the new States, tie was astonished that any
gentleman from the new States should vote for this
bill, however just he might think these claims to
be. If they are just, let them vote to pay, as they
ought to be paid, in money. He would like to
know how consistent it was with the character and
dignity of the United States, if she owed money,
to turn her creditors off with trade—with land.
But far above, far transcending this, the interest
of all the new States requires, and peremptorily
requires, that no such wrong shall be inflicted upon
them. It was monstrous, monstrous to talk of
passing a bill of this kind.
But as to the merits of these claims: he denied
they were meritorious. He would rest the case
upon an argument he had heard, not ten minutes
long, from one of the Senators from South Caroli-
na during this very session. He undertook to say
it was unanswerable; no man could answer it at
all. What was the Government bound to do for
a citizen who had been wronged by a foreign
Power ? Go to war? Not at all. It was bound to
negotiate, to remonstrate, and to urge their claims
for indemnity. It might, for good public reasons,
if it saw fit, issue letters of marque and reprisals;
or it might go to war to obtain indemnity, but it
was not bound to do so. There was no obligation
either in law, m the Constitution, or in morals,
which requires it to go to war, or to issue letters
of marque and reprisals in order to obtain indem-
nity.
Now, what did the Government of the United
States do ? Ail that could be done by argument, by
negotiation, by remonstrance; and finally reprisals
were resorted to. It did ail it could in order to ob-
tain indemnity, short of declaung war. And now j
the real sum and substance of this business was, j
because the United States did not resort to war, j
therefore the United States should pay this debt, i
He knew it would be said the United States relin- j
quished the claims of these citizens for a consider- ]
ation. He denied it. What kind of a considera- ;
tion did the United States receive, or rather, what |
was it which the United States ceased to do? It i
simply ceased to negotiate further on the subject. !
That was all. Now, suppose that, without any
treaty at all, the United States had ceased to nego-
tiate, would there have been any ground for these
claimants to ask the United States to pay them
their losses? Suppose the United States, believing
that no good could come from further negotiation,
had chosen to stop it, and not continue it as a sub-
ject of irritation between the two countries without
treaty, what claim could our citizens have had for
reimbursement? None whatsoever. Well, if this
was the case, how was it altered if there was a
treaty, even granting that in that treaty there was
a stipulation that this Government would not press
these claims? He undertook to say that the Gov-
ernment had done all it was required to do from its
obligations to its citizens to recover these claims;
and finding no reasonable prospect that they would
be acknowledged, she ceased to press them; and
the fact of a treaty being made would not alter the
case m one single particular.
Neither did he admit that the United States re-
ceived any consideration from ceasing to prosecute
these claims. Why, it was said we were liable to
Fiance for nonfulfilment of the treaties of the Revo-
lution. But when did this Government ever admit
its liability to Prance on the ground of these trea-
ties? He wanted the proof of any such fact.
Mr. THOMASSON. Does the gentleman pre-
tend to say that this Congress could repeal the
stipulations of treaty?
Mr. THURMAN. Does the gentleman pretend
to say that in case of treaty stipulations between
two nations, one cannot put an end to them? Had
the Government less power than an individual? In
case of contract between two individuals, the viola-
tion by one of them set aside and rendered null
the contract. So with the Government. The Uni-
ted States make a treaty with France; we refuse
to execute it; and if this is done on good and suffi-
cient grounds, then the Government was liable to
no damages.
Mr. THOMASSON inquired if all the stipula-
tions of the treaty had not been complied with on
the part of France, and if all the failure was not on
the part of the United States?
Mr. THURMAN. No, sir. Not at all. He
denied entirely that France executed her part of
these treaties, as the gentleman supposed, -
What did the Congress of the United States un-
dertake to do?- (Mr. T*. had not before him the
documents, as he had no idea of this bill being
brought up to-day, .or of speaking on it.) To say
that this treaty should not be executed on the part
of the United States. And on what ground? For
the reason expressly recited in the aet of Congress,
that France had failed to execute her part of those
treaties, and therefore the United States hada per-
fect right to say she would not execute them
further.
Every Government had the power to say she
would not execute a treaty when circumstances
required and justified it. The power was essential
to the very existence of Government.. For instance,
suppose a weak nation has a treaty which binds it
to make war with another—a nation so powerful
that the result of that war would be the utter ex-
tinction of the first-named nation; was there no
power in her to say she would not execute that
treaty, the execution of which would result in the
annihilation of her political existence? If the Gov-
ernment refuse, and without good grounds, then
she is answerable in damages; but still she has a
right to refuse to execute it, and if it is on good
reasons, then she is answerable for no damages.
And that is the case here.
He said, then, that there was no admission on
the part of the United States that they were answer-
able to France for the execution of these treaties.
And he said farther, that the obligation of these
treaties was grounded on the question, what was
the true meaning of them? Now, what France
claimed under these treaties was dependent on a
construction of them which the United States had
steadily refused to admit. Let any one read the
argument of General Hamilton at the time of Gen-
eral Washington's proclamation, and then tell him
whether it was clear the United States had violated
these treaties. Gentlemen begged the question
when they said these treaties were violated. They
put the French construction—not the construction
of the United States—upon them. France claimed
that the United States was bound to become their
ally in the war they were carrying on with Great
Britain. The United States denied that this was
the true construction; that the case had not arisen
under the treaty which required them to take up
arms as an ally of France against England.
He said in this case the United States had re-
ceived no benefit whatever from ceasing to nego-
tiate. The contrary was assumed, in order to
establish the validity of these claims upon the Gov-
ernment. Before you can prove it, you must
prove that the United States was liable to France.
; That is not proved. Next you must prove that
| the United States was bound further to negotiate—
i further to press the settlement of these claims. He
I denied it. He denied that they had not done all
j they were bound to do; and therefore this second
; proposition, necessary to be proved by the support-
; ers of this bill, falls to the ground.
i Mr. T. rested the case, then, on the argument
j of the distinguished Senator from South Carolina,
: which he had never heard answered—viz: that no
j government was bound to go to war on account of
1 spoliations like these, in good faith to its citizens.
: It was bound to negotiate, to remonstrate, to pre-
i sent the claims. It may be proper to <ro further,
; but it is not bound to go further. The United
States went as far as she was bound to go; and it
, being perfectly manifest that France never would
! pay anything of these claims, and the United
' States having done all it was bound to do in good
; faith to its citizens, these men have not suffered by
: the action of the Government of the United States.
, He did not believe any gentleman who looked at
j this matter candidly and fairly could entertain the
i opinion that the French Government ever would
" have paid for these spoliations. These men, then,
had lost nothing by the action of their Govem-
' ment.
At this point, without concluding his remarks,
Mr. T. moved that the committee rise; which being
agreed to,
. The committee rose and reported.
• The House concurred in the action of the Com-
j mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
concurring in the amendment of the Senate to the
: "bill to repeal that part of the act of the thirtieth
August, eighteen hundred and forty-two, which
imposes a duty of twenty per cent, ad valorem on
