1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1171
Java coffee, and to refund the discriminating ton-
nage duties levied on Spanish vessels (except those
from Cuba and Porto Rico) by the act of the thir-
teenth July, eighteen hundred and thirty-two."
On morion of Mr JOSEPH R. IN&RSOLL,
the House took up the bill from the Senate, pro-
viding for the payment of evidences of public debt
in certain cases.
The amendment (reported hy the Committee of
, Ways and Means) was concurred in.
And the bill was read a third time and passed.
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, July 31, 1846.
Mr. BRIGHT gave notice that he would to-
morrow move the Senate to take up the private
calendar, with a view of disposing of the uncon-
tested cases.
Mr. UPH AM asked leave to "withdraw from the
files of the Senate the papers of Andrew J. Smith;
which was granted.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, reported, without amendment,
the House bill for the relief of Mary Segar, of
Jefferson county, New York.
Mr. J. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of Anthony Conant, accompa-
nied by a report in writing.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, reported a bill for the relief of Peter Frost,
accompanied by a report in writing; which was
ordered to be printed.
OREGON RAILROAD.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands, reported a bill to set apart a portion of
the public lands to make a railroad from Lake
Michigan to the Pacific Ocean.
[Cries from the left of the Chamber, " Read
the bill; let us hear what it says."]
The bill having been read in part—
Mr. BENTON rose and objected to the further
reading of the bill. He thought it was entirely
•wrong to occupy the time of the Senate, especial-
ly at this late period of the session, with a project
like this. A person applies for a grant of ninety
millions of acres of land, and promises to con-
struct a railroad some three thousand miles in
length. He would not be greatly surprised to see
persons soon coming forward and offering to take
the Government off their hands altogether.
Air. BREESE expressed his surprise at the re-
marks of the Senator from Missouri! The bill was
reported by the committee after a careful considera-
tion of die proposition submitted by them. Although
the subject \\ as a novel one, all must admit that it
was important and desirable, if it could be accom-
plished; and that it could be accomplished, he
thought the fncts set forth in the report would
clearly and satisfactorily show. It wasnotproposed
to grant the land for the construction of this road to
individuals, but to set apart a portion of the public
lands to be employed in the construction of the
road; lands which, if not applied m this way,
would, perhaps, never bring a single dollar into
the treasury. He was surprised at the discourtesy
shown by the Senator from Missouri to the com-
mittee which had reported this bill. This was not
the way in which a proposition emanating from a
committee of the Senate ought to be treated. The
Senator from Missouri i;ii.2:ht entertain the belief
that it could never be carried into effect, but that
might not be the judgment of Congress; and even if
the thing could not be accomplished in the manner
proposed by this bill, the subject was of sufficient
importance to engage the attention of Congress.
This bill might be lia.'ole to some objection, like all
other bills upon their presentation; but it might be
amended and perfected. It was a subject of great
importance to the whole nation, and not only to
this nation but to the world. If the work contem-
plated by the bill should be accomplished, it must
revolutionize the commerce of the world. It would
hereafter be carried through the heart of this con-
tinent, and we should receive all the benefits. The
bill ought not to he condemned in advance.
Mr. BENTON said he had no desire to hear
any more of the project than lie had already heard.
The idea of granting ninety millions of acres of
land to individuals, for the purpose of construct-
ing a road three or four thousand miles, through a
wilderness and over a ranee of mountains double
the height of the Alleghanies, was one of the most
absurd and ridiculous that could be presented to
Congress. It was more; it was a most impudent
proposal. Whenever it came up for considera-
tion, if it should come, he would do it justice; at
present he had no more to say about it.'
Mr. CHALMERS observed that, as a member
of the Committee on the Public Lands, he thought
it right to say that he concurred in presenting this
bill to the Senate, although he did not approve of
the plan proposed. As it was a great domestic
subject, he was willing that it should be reported
upon and the facts spread out before the people.
Mr. BENTON said that, if information was
desired, they had already published a topographi-
cal map during this session which would supply
it.
Mr. CHALMERS said he had examined that
map, and, though it might be sufficient for the
Senator from Missouri, who was so well informed
upon all subjects connected with Oregon, yet he
thought there could be no disadvantage in laying
the seport now made by the Committee on the
Public Lands before the people,
j Mr. WOODBRXDGE declared himself favorable
; to the general proposition. He did not understand
| the bill as proposing to grant to individuals the
| land the proceeds of which were to be used in the
construction of the road, but appropriating a cer-
tain proportion of the public domain for the con-
struction of a great national work. Look at the
benefits to be derived from it. Was it of no con-
sequence to tie the remote States together—to fur-
nish facilities for commercial intercourse? The
lands, as had been said, would scarcely ever bring
a dollar into the treasury, unless a portion of them
were employed m this way. If this were done,
however, an inducement and means would be af-
forded for the rapid settlement of the whole line of
country through which the road would pass. In
every aspect, if the plan were practicable at all, it
was a matter of great interest to every citizen of
the country. He hoped the matter would at least
be allowed' to receive some attention on the part of
Congress.
Mr. MOREHEAD said he hoped the report
would be allowed to be printed.
Mr. BENTON said we had already published a,
map, which \\ as quite sufficient. He hoped this
| subject would be laid upon the table, that they
might proceed with the business which remained
i to be done. It was now almost the last day of the
I session, and he hoped the time would not be con-
sumed by such a thing as this.
j Mr. BREESE observed that/the, cost of printing
; could not be much. In view of the importance of
the subject, he would be quite willing to pay the
small amount that it would cost out of his own
pocket. It was the first time, he believed, that
l objection had been made to the printing of the
report of a regularly organized committee of the
Senate.
Mr. BENTON moved that the subject be laid
upon the table until to-morrow.
'This motion was negatived.
The report was then ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. TXJRNEY, the Senate, as in
committee of the whole, proceeded to the consid-
eration of the bill to surrender to the State of Ten-
nessee all title the United States have to lands in
Tennessee south and west of the line commonly
called the Congressional reservation line, and to
release to said State the. proceeds of such of said
lands as may have been sold by the State of Ten-
nessee, as agent of the United States; which, after
exoianation, and defence by Senators TURNED,
JARNAG1N, and CHALMERS, was reported to
the Senate with an unimportant amendment, order-
ed to a third reading, and, by unanimous consent,
read a third time and passed.
Mr. WESTCOTT submitted a motion to take
up the bill for the admission of Iowa into the
Union; which was negatived.
Mr. DIX asked that the House bill making ap-
propriations for certain defensive works for the
year ending on the 30th June, 1847, might Vie read
for the purpose of reference.
The bill*was accordingly read, and then laid
over until to-morrow.
TEXAS' NAVY.
On motion of Mr. HOUSTON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill to authorize the Presi-
dent of the United States to increase the naval
establishment of the United States, by adding there-
to the naval establishment of the late Republic of
Texas.
The question being on the motion of Mr. Hunt-
ington, for the indefinite postponement of the
bill—
Mr. HOUSTON rose and made a most em-
phatic appeal to the Senate* in favor of the bill.
He contended that Texas was led to_ accept the
offer of annexation with the United Stales by the
strong inducements which had been held out to
her through the American Minister. But for these,
he suggested that she might not have given her
assent to the measure. Among the inducements
was the pledge to sustain the Texan navy. Her
Representatives, therefore, did not stand before
Congress in the attitude of supplicants for favor,
but as the asserteis of rights which had been con-
ceded to them. He regarded the honor of the
Senate as involved in this question, and that the
United States were bound to make suitable provis-
jj ion for the navy. He read extracts from the cor-
jj respondence of Mr. Donelson while officiating as
Minister of the United States, in order to sustain
the position he had assumed; and put it to the
Senate, in the most forcible phrase, whether they
would act in this case so as to preserve to our
Government the reputation which wc had acquired
in the eyes of tlie woilu.
Mr. HUNTINGTON in reply, asserted that he
knew of nothing in the compact by which Texas
was admitted in the Union, which required that
the United States should take into her service the
navy of Texas. He therefore denied that there
was any obligation on the United States to admit
these Texan officers into our navy. But if there
be any force in the position taken by the Senator
from Texas, it will be imperative on the President
to nominate all these Texan officers to the Senate,
and thus our own officers will be overslaughed.
Mr. RUSK contended that no officers of the
United States navy could bo overslaughed by the
admission of the Texan navy, because the law
would only fill the offices which its own provi-
sions would create. If this law did not pass, there
would be no vacancies to fill, and how could the
law overslaugh any one' It would not put back
a single officer, detract from his pay, or supply
any vacancy to which he might have a claim.
Texas would cheerfully accede to be placed on an
equality with other States. Every State of the
Union would furnish more officers than she now
asked. He contended that, in some casfcs, the
word navy included officers and men, while in
others it was limited to ships and guns. In this
case he construed the word as meaning to include
officers. He would be the last man to think of
overslaughing any officers, but he thought this
arrangement was but an act of justice to Texas,
the carrying out of the spirit of the compact.
Mr. BREESE read a statement from the Texan
Secretary of War and Marine, showing that nearly
the whole of the officers of the Texan navy had
resigned, and left the service of Texas, before an-
nexation took place. The only question, therefore,
w?s, whether the exigencies of the service required
this addition to our navy.
Mr. HOUSTON explained, that these officers
were furloughed, and permitted temporarily to go
into the walks of civil life, because the Government
had no means to pay them.
Mr. CALHOUN considered that both good faith
and propriety required the passage of this bill. He
looked on the word navy, as comprehending offi-
cers and men; and as wc had made the offer, he
contended that we were bound to construe the joint
resolution as Texas understood it. The only ques-
tion with him was, whether we had adopted the
proper mode, and duly regarded the feelings of our
navy. The mode prescribed by the bill he regarded
as the constitutional mode, requiring the President
to nominate the Texan officers, unless strong objec-
tions were made. As to the feelings of the navy,
he would be the last man to wound them; and he
reminded the Senate that at a time when the navy
was violently assailed by the party—the Republi-
can party—to which he belonged, he, with Mr.
Clay and a few others, stood by the navy, and suc-
ceeded in making it a Democratic as well as a Fed-
eral institution. He would vote for the bill.
Mr. FAIRFIELD replied briefly, insisting that
the term "cede" could not apply to the officers;
and asked the yeas and nays on the question; and
they were ordered.
