1172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. YULEE referred to two laws of the Re-
public of Texas, one passed in 1840, and the other
m 1844, regulating the navy of that republic; thus
showing that there was a navy in existence, while
the question of annexation was in progress.
Mr. DICKINSON did not see how we could
legislate these officers into our navy without their
being constitutionally appointed, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate. If the Texan
officers were brought into our navy by the compact
of annexation, there was no necessity for this bill.
The question was then taken on the motion to
postpone the bill indefinitely, and decided as fol-
lows:
Y-EAS—Messrs. Allen, Atlierton, Benton, Berrien, Breese,
Ciiley, Julin M. Clayton, Thomas Clayton, Corwin, Critten-
den, Davis, Dayton, Dix, Evans, Fairfield, Greene, Hanno-
gan, Huntington, Jainagin, Johnson of Louisiana, Johnson
ot MarjJand, Manjrum, Miller, Morehead, Niles, Pearce,
Phelps, Simmons, Sturgeon, Upliain, and Wooilbridge—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Ashley, Bagliy, Bright, Calhoun, Came-
ron, Cass, Chalmers, Dickinson, Houston, Lewis, McDufiie,
Pennyhaeker, Rusk, Semple, Sevier, Spelzlit, Tumey, and
Yulee—18. ° ' "
On motion of Mr. WESTCOTT, the bill to
admit Iowa into the Union was made the special
order for to-morrow at eleven o'clock.
SUB-TREASURY.
The bill for the better organization of the treas-
ury, and for the collection, safe-keeping, trans-
fer, and disbursement of the public revenue, was
read a third time, and the question being " Shall
the bill pass?"—
Mr. EVANS rose and addressed the Senate in
opposition to its passage. He said he supposed
the bill was in the precise form in which its friends
desired that it should be. If it was not, it was
certainly not owing to any want of time to perfect
it; for it had been introduced very early in the
session in the House of Representatives, and had
"Undoubtedly been well considered there and put
into such a shape as was deemed desirable. It
came to the Senate as long ago as the 3d day of
April, and was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance, where it was retained until the 8th day of
June; it had no doubt received the assiduous at-
tention of Ihe committee, and, as they learned from
the chairman of the committee, the committee had
had the benefit of the suggestions of the Secretary
of the Treasury in regard to it. It had Jong been
upon the tables of the Senate and had "undergone
the examination of those who were friendly to
it, and had now arrived at its final stage in that
body." It was, therefore, he had no doubt, in every
respect what its friends desired it should be.
Those who were opposed to it had taken no part
in altering it, or in any way embarrassing its pro-
gress. It embodied, doubtless, all the financial
wisdom and sagacity of its friends. It ought,
therefore, to be perfect, or as perfect as the nature
of such a law would permit. But what was the
evil which this act was intended to remedy? Had
not the revenue been well collected, safely kept,
safely and easily transferred, and promptly and
readily disbursed? Had there been any com- j
plaint against the system now in operation' Was !
it not an excellent system, as far as safety, conve- '
nience, public accommodation, and private accom- j
modation, were concerned? He thought that if i
any person having any connexion with the ad- j
ministration of the revenue were asked, they would
say that it worked perfectly well. "What were the
great evils to be remedied ? Could anybody point
them out? And was this a time for making exper-
imental changes ? Would it not be better to post-
pone such experiments until a time of-peace ? The
Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Calhoun] yes-
terday insisted that it was desiiable to mitigate the
embarrassments which must necessarily be felt in
the removal of large amounts of specie from one
place to another, and in doing so the Senator had
given the very strongest reason against this bill. It
would be difficult to adduce a more forcible argu-
ment against the bill than the honorable Senator
had used in advocating the amendment. One
thing which struck him very forcibly was the in-
congruity , theinconsistency of the legislation which
they were pursuing. Two or three days ago they
had passed an act repealing the tariff of 1842,
and substituting anew principle; and the argument
in favor of the bill was, that it would increase the
importation of foreign productions, and thereby in-
crease the revenue. But when a bill like the
present, for the establishment of the sub-treasury
system, was before Congress in 1840, the argu-
ment—the great and principal argument—then
urged by the friends of this measure was, that it
would restrict and limit the amount of imports;
that it would arrest the excessive introduction of
foreign merchandise; and that it would check and
prevent the evil of an overflowing treasury. The
sub-treasury was then vindicated because it would
repress and keep down importation. Two or three
days ago a bill was passed to increase importa-
tions; to-day a bill was to be passed to check and
keep down importation. The two measures must
come into conflict; they could not be reconciled.
If the only effect of this bill would be to check
excessive importations, he would have -no objec-
tion to it; but it extended beyond this: it would
also check and keep down all the business opera-
tions of the country. For the very same reason
that it would restrict imports and cut down com-
merce, it would cut down everything else. They
weie embarrassing their prospects and means of
revenue at a time when it became necessary for the
Government to use its credit, and to borrow mo-
ney to carry on its operations. They were dimin-
ishing then- prospects for making successful loans.
The rate of interest had about doubled, he believ-
ed, since these measures began to be agitated.
The Government six per cent, stock at the com-
mencement of this session stood at 115 per cent.;
it was now down to 105. Almost two years in-
terest struck down in six months, only m antici-
pation of these measures.
Mr. E. proceeded at very great length to point
out the injurious effects which would arise from
the adoption of this measure.
He was followed by Mr. HUNTINGTON in
opposition to the bill.
The question being put on the passage of the
bill, the yeas and nays were demanded and ordered.
Mr. WEBSTER rose and said that he desired
to address some remarks to the Senate, which
would not occupy more than fifteen minutes, in
reference to this bill, but the state of his health
would scarcely permit him to do so to-night; if
there was any appiopriation bill which it would be
agreeable to the chairman of the Finance Commit-
tee to take up now, he would be glad this bill
should be passed by until to-morrow.
Mr. DAVIS suggested that, as it was now late,
it would be better, that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. McDUFFXE proposed an Executive ses-
sion.
Mr. LEWIS expressed a desire, in case the sub-
treasury bill was to be deferred until to-morrow,
to take up the
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate accordingly (the sub-treasury bill
having been passed by informally) proceeded to
the consideration, as in committee of the whole, of
the naval appropriation bill, which had been re-
ported back from the Committee on Finance with
sundry amendments.
The amendments were read and agreed to, and
Mr. FAIRFIELD moved further to amend, by
providing that passed midshipmen performing the
duties of sailing-masters should receive pay ac-
cordingly.
This amendment, after debate by Messrs. FAIR-
FIELD, MANGUM, PEARCE, BERRIEN, and
BR.EESE, in favor, and Messrs. CRITTENDEN
and ALLEN in opposition to it, was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, an amendment was
adopted appropriating §25,000 for the support and
maintenance of marine hospitals.
Mr. CAMERON proposed an appropriation of
$100,000 for the construction^of a floating dry-dock
at the city of Philadelphia.
Mr. DAYTON moved to amend the amendment
by adding the following: "or on the opposite side
of the river, if, on examination of the depth of
water and other considerations, it be deemed more
beneficial to the public interest;" which was unan-
imously agreed to.
And the amendment as amended was then, with-
out a division, rejected.
A motion for adjournment being made, the yeas
and nays were ordered, and were taken, with the
following result: Yeas 22, nays 12.
And the Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, July 31, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
July 31,
THE WAREHOUSING BILL. .
The SPEAKER announced the special order of
the day to'be the bill in relation to the warehous-
ing system.
Mr. McCLELLAND moved that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, for the purpose of taking uo
that bill. ' F
Mr. TRUMAN SMITH moved to postpone
the consideration of the special order.
The SPEAKER said that motion'would not be
in order pending- the motion to go into committee.
Mr. TRUMAN SMITH then gave notice that,
if the motion of Mr. McClelland should not pre-
vail, he (Mr. S.) would move to go into commit-
tee for the purpose of resuming the consideration
of the French spoliation bill.
Mr. WINTHROP asked the yeas and nays on
the motion of Mr. McClelland; which were or-
dered.
Mr. McKAY moved that there be a call of the
House.
Which motion was decided in the affirmative.
So a call of the House was ordered.
And the Clerk having called the roll, 147 mem-
bers answered to their names.
The names of the absentees having been called,
165 members appeared to be present.
On motion of Mr. ASHMUN, all further pro-
ceedings on the call were dispensed with.
Mr. WHEATON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, made a report.
The question now recurring on the motion of
Mr. McClelland,
Mr. LIGON inquired whether, if the motion to
go into committee should prevail, the special order
would not necessarily be taken up?
The SPEAKER. The special order is made a
part of the motion. The committee will be obliged,
therefore, to procecd to the consideration of that
subject if the motion should prevail.
Mr. LIGON. I move to postpone the special
order.
The SPEAKER. The chair has already deci-
ded that motion to be out of order pending the
motion to go into committee,
Mr. LIGON. Then I understand if this motion
should prevail, the special order must be taken up.
After a brief conversation between Messrs.
WINTHROP, McKAY, and the SPEAKER, on
a point of order,
The question, "Will the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union for the purpose of taking up the said bill?1*
was taken, and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Anderson. Atkinson,
Benton, Bigg", James Black, James A. Black. BowliiuBoyd,
Brinkerhoff, Broekenluough, W. G. Bim\ n, Burt. Cailicarr,
Reuben Chapman, Chase, Chipmaru Clarke, Cobb, Cum-
mins, Cunuinguam, Darnel, De Mott, Dobbin, Ellsworth,
Faran, Ficklm, Foster, Fries, Garvin, Goidon, Graham,
Grover, IlaraLon, Harraanson, Kogo, Isaac El Holmes,
Hopkins, George S. Houston, Hungejford. Hunter, James
H. Johnson, Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson, Geoiee
W. Jones, Seaborn Jones, Kaufman, Preston King. Leake,
La Sere, Lumpkin, Maolay, McClelland, McCic-rnand. Me-
Connell, Joseph J. McDowell, James McDowell. MeKav,
Barkley Martin, Morris, Niven. Norm, farri-h, PerriiL
Phelps, Rathbun, Reid, RrHe, Bitter, Roberts, Sawj er, Alex-
ander D. Sims, Leonard I-I. Sims. Simpson, Thomas Smith,
Stanton, Starkweathei, St. John', Jacob Thompson, Thur-
man, Towns, Tiedwaj', VVentwoith, Wfceaton, Wick,
Woodward, Woodworth. and Yost—86.
NAYS—Messrs Abbott, A«hmun, Barrinrjei.Bell. Blanch-
ard, Brodhead, Buffington, William W. Campbell, John H.
Campbell, John G. Chapman, Cocke, Cranston, Crosier,
Culver, Garrett Davis, Dixon, Dockerv, Dromaoole, Duulap,
Edsail, Erdman. Foot, Gentry. Giddinjrs, Giles, Grider,
GrmiieU, Hamlin, Hampton, Harper, I-Jiihaid, Elias B.
Holmes, John W. Houston, Samuel D. Hubbard, Hudson,
Washington Hunt, Jame« R Hunt, Joseph R. lagersoil,
Jenkins, Lewis, Levin, Ligon, Long, MeClean, MeCrate,
McGau< hey, Me Henry, Mclivame. Marsh, Miller, Mo«eley,
Pendleton, Peny, Pillsbury. Pollock, Ramsej, Julius Rock-
well, John A. Rockwell, Riot, Runic, Sawtelle. Seammon,
Schenek, Seaman. Severance,Truman Smith, Albert Smith,
Strolnn, Sjke^N Thihodeaux. Benjamin Thompson. James
Thompson, Tilden, Trumbo,''Vinton, White, WUli&ras, Wil-
mot, Wmthrop, and Young—60.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of die Union, (Mr. Hop-
kins, of Virginia, in the chair,) and proceeded to
the consideration of the following bill from the
Senate:
A BILL to amend an aet entitled "An act to provide reve-
nue from imports, and to change and modify existing laws
imposing duties on imports, and for other purpose^.5*
Be ti ennctcd by the Senate and Howe of RcpYeseniedxres
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the twelfth section of the act entitled "An aet to provide
revenue from imports, and to change and modify esiswtg
