1174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 1,
the policy of the party to which he belonged was
concerned, than the panic of 1834 did in changing
their policy upon the question of a Bank of the
United States. The manufacturers might put their
funds into the hands of politicians to be squander-
ed; they might allow themselves to he used by pol-
iticians for their selfish purposes; but he told them
it would be infinitely better for them to accommo-
date themselves to what he believed was now theiix-
ed policy of the country, than to enter into useless
efforts for the premature repeal of the law. They
would get no repeal this Congress. As to the next
Congress there'was an absolute certainty that the
majority in the Senate would be greatly increased;
and he believed it would be in this House. And
soon a new census would be taken, which would
add many free-trade advocates from the West. He
called upon the manufacturers, then, to adjust their
business to the settled policy of the country; and
not join in this miserable attempt to get up a panic,
which would prove a failure, a ridiculous failure.
Mr. PAYNE rose not (he said) to make a speech,
but a few remarks with reference to the most extra-
ordinary course taken towards the tai iff bill, which
he took occasion to congratulate the country had
now become the law of the land. Notwithstand-
ing it had been passed by a majority of both
branches of the legislature—notwithstanding the
voice of the people was fairly expressed in its pas-
sage—before it had been sent to the President
even, we heard raised the cry of "Repeal, repeal'"
Why not, instead of condemning it in advance,
give it a fair trial ?
He vindicated his colle.igue [Mr. Hilliarjd]
from the attack made upon his course upon the
tariff bill; paid a high and a warm tribute to the
purity, disinterestedness, patriotism, and honesty
of purpose with which his vote had been cast in
favor of the bill, and expressed the scorn and con-
tempt which he felt, and which his colleague might
well feel, at such attacks and attempts to read him
out of the Whig party, made by the representatives
of the machine labor of this country. They would
avail nothing, but would recoil upon the authors,
as they justly should, if carried further.
He next proceeded, amid many interruptions
on a point of order, to refer to the attacks made
upon this revenue bill in the other end of the Capi-
tol, and to the positions there taken by certain op-
ponents of it. He read the instructions to the
committee on its committal in that body, moved
by Mr. Clayton, and referred to the great ob]ec-
tion taken to it by Mr. Webster, that it "laid
a duty on the " raw material." Mr. P. had always
said that the policy of the protective party was to
protect machine labor, not agricultural labor; but
he did not expect such a proposition to be submit-
ted by a distinguished leader of that party, and
sustained by such of his associates as Daniel Web-
ster, John Dwis, and others. The proposition
was submitted to the agriculturists: the demand
was made that the duties imposed by the law of
1846 on the raw materials of their production
should he taken off for the benefit of the manufac-
turers. What were these raw materials3 Hemp:
what say you gentlemen of the valley of the West
(he asked) to have the duty taken off your hemp?
Flax, also, and wool—an article in which Vermont,
New York, Ohio, and various other States, were
deeply interested; and here is the objection made
to this bill, that it lays a duty on wool; and it is
contended that all protection shall be taken from it,
for the sole and exclusive purpose of giving enor-
mous advantages and profits to the manufacturing
interests.
In refutation of the position of Mr. Webster,
that the law just passed is not a "Democratic"
law, he read a list of articles exhibiting the com-
parative duties under the law of 1842 and that now
passed, showing a large increase under the latter
on wines of various kinds, fine silks, &c., and a
reduction on cotton and woollen manufactures,
iron utensils, chains, anvils, hammers, &c.—all
exhibiting the fact (he said) that while the present
bill increased the duties on articles of taste and
luxury, used by the rich, it reduced it on articles
of necessity, consumed by the laboring clashes.
And (he asked) if, according to Mr. Webster's
definition of a " Democratic" tariff, the present
law did not stand immeasurably superior to that
of which imposed the least duty on articles
of luxury, and which discriminated against the
great musses of the country for the benefit of the
manufacturers r
He proceeded at some length further to vindicate
the principles of this law, and of the system of
revenue duties generally, and to exhibit its benefits
to the agricultural and laboring classes, in contrast
with the great oppression experienced by them of
late years under the protective system, lie urged
the justice of fairly testing this law, and ridiculed
the cry of " Repeal" raised against it in advance—
a cry not only nonsensical, but as discordant as
the celebrated cry of " Beef! beef!" in the Rev-
olution by one who cared more for a miserable
pecuniary compensation than for the brilliant vic-
tories and glory of his country.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania, spoke at
some length in opposition to the tariff just passed,
which he styled a British measure, calculated to
protect British manufactures and interests at the
expense of those of our own country. He should
go home to advocate the forming of home leagues
by the people, and the getting them to pledge
themselves teetotally to abstinence from the con-
sumption of foreign goods.
Mr. CHAPMAN, of Maryland, obtained the
floor, and yielded to a motion that the committee
rise; which prevailing—
The committee rose,
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, August 1, 1846.
Mr. ATCHISON presented two petitions of
citizens of Missouri, praying the establishment of
a matirroute from Tully to Lancaster, in that
State; which were referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BAGBY presented the memorial of Edward
D. Tippett, praying the aid of Government to en-
able him to complete a model of an improved steam-
engine, which he was engaged in constructing, but
compelled to abandon for want of the necessary
means; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. BENTON presented a communication ad-
dressed to him by Samuel R. Knox, a lieutenant
in the navy of the United States, relative to the
harbor at the mouth of the Columbia river; which
was referred to the Committed on Printing.
Mr. BENTON also, from the committee of con-
ference, in relation to the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses of Congress on the army appropria-
tion bill, reported that they have met the conferees
on the part of the House, and after free and fuli
discussion on the subject of said disagreeing votes,
have been unable to come to an agreement on the
same. They therefore recommend that the Senate
adhere to its amendments to said bill disagreed to
by the House, and to its disagreement to the
amendment of the House to the amendment of the
Senate.
Mr. B. mo-ved that the above report be concur-
red in; which motion was adopted.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Commerce,
reported an act to authorize the issuing of a new
register for the American barque Pons, of Phila-
delphia, by the name of the ** Cordelia;" which
was read, and passed to the second reading.
Mr. D. also, from the same committee, submit-
ted an adverse report upon the House bill for the
relief of Joseph Curwen, surviving partner of
Wilbur &, Curwen, and recommending that its
consideration be postponed indefinitely; which was
agreed to.
Mr. D. further, from the Committee on Com-
merce, asked that said committee be discharged
from the further consideration of the House act for
the relief of William B. Lang, and that it be refer-
red to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. NILES, from the Committee on the Post
Ofiice and Post Roads, reported, without amend-
ment, the House bill for the relief ofShcIden B.
Hayes.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, from the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, reported, with-
out amendment, the House bill supplementary to
the act passed on the 20th day of February, 1846,
entitled "An act to enlarge the powers of the seve-
ral Orphans' Courts held m and for the District of
Columbia."
On motion of Mr. ASHLEY, the Senate took
up the bill for the relief of Abraham Horback;
which was recommitted to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The PRESIDENT announced the special order
of the day to be "the (House) bill to define the
boundaries of the State of Iowa, and to repeal so
much of the act of the 3d March, 1845, as relates
to the boundaries of Iowa;" which was then con-
sidered as in committee of the whole, reported to
the Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, and, by- unanimous consent, read a third
time, and passed.
Mr. CASS moved that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of the Senate (t bill to establish a'new
land officc in the northern part of Michigan, and
to provide for the'sale of mineral lands m the State
of Michigan and Territory of Wisconsin."
Mr. WEBSTER said that this was an important
measure, and he hoped it would be taken up.
The question was then taken upon the motion,
: and it was agreed to.
The bill thereupon was taken up, read a second
time, and considered as in committee of the whole.
Mr. CASS made a brief explanation of the bill.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE moved to fill a blank-in
the bill with $1,500, as the salary of the land agent
provided for in the said bill; which was agreed to.
Mr. W. also moved to amend the fifth section
by inserting, after tlffe words "La Pointe," the
words "including the islands of Lake Superior;'*
which was agreed to.
Mr. BREESE submitted an additional section
providing a mode for the settlement of claims;
which ^as adopted.
The bill was then reported to the Senate as
amended, the amendments were concurred in, the
bill ordered to a third reading, read a third time,
and passed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, moved the Sen-
ate to take up the bill to repeal the act of the 2d of
March, 1837, entitled si An act concerning pilots,"
in order to make it the special order for twelve
o'clock on Monday next.
Messrs. DAYTON and EVANS objected to
making any more special orders at this late day of
the session. The bill would lead to a great deal of
discussion.
The question was then taken upon the motion;
which was negatived—yeas 15, nays 38.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, announcing that said House had
passed sundry private bills; also, the warehouse
bill, with an amendment to the title.
Also, announcing that the President o£.the Uni-
ted States had informed said House that he had
signed and approved the bill to reduce the duties
on imports and for other purposes.
THE CONSTITUTIONAL TREASURY BILL.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the bill for the better organization of the treas-
ury of the United States, &c.
Mr. WEBSTER said that he should occupy the
attention of the Senate for but a few moments on
the measure now before it. Before, however, he
proceeded to do this, he felt it his duty to call the
attention of the honorable Senator from Alabama
[Mr. Lewis] and the other members of the Senate
to what he saw stated in the official journal of the
last evening in regard to another matter which had
lately received the action of the body. And he did
so m order to prevent an erroneous impression get-
ting into the community as to a matter of fact. Mr.
W. said he found in the Union the following para-
graph :
Much has been said of false invoices, a? if the importer
had only to falsify his invoice, and so pay under the ad valo-
rem system as little duty a* he cho&e. The fact i<. that the
value of the soods taxed is to be settled, not by the importer^
invoice, but by competent and s>kilfui appiai-sers. They are
to appraise the guoris at their actual market value in our ports
—in New York or Philadelphia; not at Canton oral Manches-
ter. In this point of view, the appraiser*-, wlio>e business it
will be to understand the state of our markets, will grive only
such regard to the importer's invoice as it may&eem entitled
to. They may, if they please, take the invoice as jmma
facie evidence of the actual costof the goods,amHo approx-
imately of their actual worth in our markets.' But it is only
prima facie evidence. The appraisers mu-t value the goods
upon their own judgment, after all. Yet the importer is
obliged to present an invoice ; and one provision of the new
law goes far toward-, making this invoice a true exponent of
the value of the goods; for the law provides that, if the values
placed upon the sjooils by the impoiter on entering them at
the custom-house is less by ten per cent, than the value at
which they are subsequently appraised, then twenty percent.
additional duty upon the appraised value is to be levied aad
eoileetcd.*'
Xow, a more enormous error than this was never
put forth to the world. The law of ihe land, as it
now stood, requited that the value fixed upon goods
; by the United States appraisers should be the value,
