1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1175
wot here.butat the place of exportation. This was
a fact which all business men well knew, and which
the chairman of the Committee on Finance would
himself confirm.
[Mr. LEWIS here, nodded assent.]
Mr. W. said that persons who indulge them-
selves so much in remarks (not always very cour-
teous) On the course of others, should be cautious
first to understand subjects themselves; and here
was an assertion of an alleged fact, while the very
opposite was true.
But, not to detain the Senate longer on a matter
of this sort, he would now make an observation
or two on the bill now pending, and, as he pre-
sumed, soon to become a law.
Mr. W. had always been opposed to this sys-
tem of a "constitutional treasury," or " indepen-
dent, treasury," or "sub-treasury," which was
the old name for it. The evils of such a system
are insurmountable, and of various kinds. But
he should now briefly point out what he considered
its evil consequences on the operation of the Gov-
ernment, without adverting to its eft'ect on the
general business of the country. He should pre-
face what he had to say with a very short history
of this scheme. Owing to an unhappy controversy
between a former President of the Union and the
late Bank of the United States, the custody of the
national deposites was withdrawn from the Nation-
al Bank and committed to certain selected State
banks. As soon as the money was deposited in
their vaults, the'then Secretary of the Treasury
(Mr. Taney) instructed the directors of those
banks to be very free and liberal in making dis-
counts to merchants on the money in their vaults.
The banks complied with this order, and the result
was, that in 1837 they generally stopped payment.
In consequence of this state of things, President
Van Buren called a special session of Congress
in September, 1837, and this project of the inde-
pendent treasury was then brought forward for
the first time. It failed, however, at that, time,
and again at a subsequent Congress; but in 1840
it passed into a law. Such, however, was found
to be its practical working, that it was not suffered
to continae in operation a year, but was repealed
in 1841.
Now, there might have been at least some plau-
sible reason for resorting to a new system in the
keeping of the public treasure in 1837, for the Na-
tional Bank had ceased to exist, and the State
banks had all broken down. The public money
must be kept somewhere, and the Government
thereupon resolved " to try the untried experi-
ment" of keeping the public funds in vaults of its
own. For the last five years we had been under
a system of which this formed no part. Now, the
first question (said Mr. W.) which I wish to put
to gentlemen who advocate this bill is this: Do
they not all admit that the public moneys are now
safe? Do they harbor any fear that there will be
public defalcations? Is there any apprehension of
the loss of the public treasure if this bill shall not
be adopted ? For my own part I think the public
deposites are perfectly safe where they are. The
banks with whom they are intrusted have given
us the most ample security, and that security for
the most part is m stocks of the United States. If
our own stock is adequate security, then the banks
are in fact for the most part creditors of the United
States, instead of being its debtors. They hold
more of our stock than they do of our funds.
Under such circumstances none can say that the
public money is unsafe, and no danger, therefore,
will be incurred in that respect from the postpone-
ment or even the rejection of this bill. The banks
have acted with very great prudence and propriety;
they have not indulged in any excess of discounts;
but feeling the responsibility under which they
were placed, they have acted properly and pru-
dently, and have ever been ready to accommodate
the Government in any manner not inconsistent
k with their duty to the stockholders and to the coun-
try. If gentlemen admit that the condition of the
public money is at present as safe as we can make
it, then what is the benefit which they seek from
this bill, or where is the necessity of passing it?
Now, considering it as a measure of the Admin-
istration, it appears to me that it is likely, instead
of proving any benefit to the Government, only to
arrest or thwart the operations of the treasury.
To me it is most clear that thfe bill will become in
its practical effect a clog on the Administration. I
refer gentlemen to the twenty-first and twenty-
second sections of the bill as it now stands. Let
them examine the probable working of these por-
tions of the law, and then say whether the bill will
not prove not only no assistance to the fiscal opera-
tion of the Government, but, on the contrary, a
great embarrassment.
I can readily understand that if the amendments
which were proposed to the twenty-first section
had prevailed, much facility might have resulted
to the treasury from the use of treasury drafts,
and placed in the hands of disbursing officers to be
paid out to the creditors of the Government. But
the Senate, by a large majority, rejected those
amendments. But now the bill subtracts from the
facility which would otherwise have attended the
operation of these treasury drafts. As the lav/ now
stands, if a man comes to the treasury with a de-
mand for money, he gets a draft or order to the
amount, which he endorses, and which is then a
transferable security, and may pass through as
many hands as may be necessary or convenient to
the holders, and may be kept out just as long as
they please. There is an unrestricted circulation
of this treasury draft, and it is transferable with-
out any further endorsement. But here, under
this bill, it is made the duty of the Secretary of
the Treasury to hasten the presentation of all such
drafts, and to prescribe a time within which they
shall be presented and paid. If the place of pay-
ment be near at hand, then they are to be presented
immediately, and not to be kept or left outstanding.
The amendment made here was just the reverse of
the bill. The House bill goes to restrain the cir-
culation of the drafts; our proposition gives it
greater facilities. The purposes of the two are in
open hostility to each other. It is clear that if the
bill shall stand as it now is, instead of being of any
use to the treasury, it will operate as a downright
restraint on facilities which it would otherwise
enjoy.
Confining my remarks altogether to the charac-
ter of this "bill, considered as an Administration
measure, I proceed, on the other hand, to consider
I what will be the disadvantages to the Government
from its becoming a law. I go on the supposition
that the bill is to be executed, not eVaded; and I say
that, if the specie payments which it enjoins, are re-
quired bona fide, it will operate as a gieat embarrass-
ment to the Government, should it be brought into
circumstances when it would be necessary to nego-
tiate a loan. There is authority for a loan now,
and the Government has its option between such a
measure and the issue of treasury notes. But if
this law shall be carried out, no loan will be possi-
ble. And why not? Because the law will demand
that eight or ten millions of dollars in hard specie
shall be withdrawn from all the purposes of so-
ciety, some four or five millions of it being locked
up in Government chests and vaults, and some four
or five millions more being constantly in transitu,
as the expenses of the Government may require.
Then, if the Government wants a loan, how is it to
be got ? The practical mode at present pursued is
this: some large banking-house takes, for exam-
ple, two millions of the Government loan. But
this man cannot advance the casli till he finds banks
who are willing to take the United States stock
and advance him a temporary loan upon it, until,
to use the business phrase, he shall be able to
" place the money;'5 that is, shall be able to find
persons who will take the stock with a view to
hold it and receive interest upon it. This is the
mode now pursued; but what will be the condi-
tion of the banks who maybe asked by him to
advance money upon stock after this bill shall
, have become a law > How can they possibly do
!, it' The. sum they agree to advance must be paid
' in gold and silver, taken at the instant out of their
! own vaults and carried across the stieet to be lock-
I' edupin the vaults of some Government depository.
!' If the bullion remained with the banks, and a
1, credit on their books was all that was required,
|! then they might do it; but the specie is instantly
: caiied for, and is so much deducted from the basis
l: of their circulation. Their customers will not
I agree to it, their directors will not agree to it,
I their stockholders will not agree to it. I say,
j; therefore, if this law is not evaded, but is obeyed
I' bona fide, any contraction of a Government loan
i must be out of the question. I put that fact to
I any man acquainted with business, and ask if he
' ^I do no/mean to go at any length into the em-
i barrassments which this bill must inflict on the
mercantile community; but there is one so obvious
and prominent, that I cannot forbear mentioning it
as in connexion with another bill which we have
recently passed. Those who expect an adequate
revenue under the new tariff law look of course for
largely augmented importations, and they expect
that the duties on these importations are to be paid.
This bill says they are to be paid in gold and sil-
ver, and I ask, where is the importer to get his
money ? The ordinary way is to go to a bank, and
say to the directors or the president, I have five
thousand dollars of duties to pay to-day; the banks,
knowing that he is about to enter his goods, and
that they shall immediately get the money back
from the custom-house, make no difficulty; but if
they knew that the money, instead of coming back
into their vaults, is to be lugged off in specie and
locked up in a Government vault, and that so much
is to be taken from the basis of their circulation,
will not be quite so ready to accommodate; and
even the apprehension of a difficulty of this kind is,
in the matter of credit and advances, more than half
as bad as the tiling itself. The apprehended evil is
as much against a disposition in the banks to ad-
vance as the evil itself.
I agree, indeed, that the severity of the pressure
will be mitigated by the use of treasury notes, so
long as those treasury notes remain in circulation;
and, therefore, I say that gentlemen may be as-
sured of one thing: if this sub-treasury system is
to be adopted, the system of treasury notes will be
coeval with it in duration. As long as the one
stands the other must be resorted to; for the law
would be altogether intolerable without such a re-
lief. And heie I say again, what I recently said
on the subject of treasury notes, that I sec no rea-
son whv treasury notes should not be issued at
once. There seems to prevail an idea at the treas-
ury that the Government should not issue its notes
as long as it has a dollar in the treasury, and that
they must spend the six millions, or whatever
other balance there may be there, before any treas-
ury note is issued. It was my idea that the
Government should issue notes while it had
money under its keeping, and thereby the Govern-
ment might sustain its ciedit. But it seems that
other notions have prevailed. Now, I think that
for the same reason that this bill will create em-
barrassment in regard to a loan, it will create the
same embarrassment in relation to treasury notes,
because it will cast discredit generally upon all
securities issued by the Government.
And now I will call the attention of the Senate to
the condition of things as they at present exist,
and as they will be. I suppose the warehousing
bill is destined to pass into a law. The new tariff
has become a law, and it has reduced the duties
to be imposed. Of course the imports for this and
for the next quarter will be very limited. Men
will cither not biing in goods at all now, or only
for the purpose of taking them out to get the bene-
fit of the drawback, and not to enter them m pay-
ment of duty. The receipts, therefore, must be
very small. There is another reason why this will
fall below the ordinary amount. There is in the
country a large quantity of goods which have been
brought in, but not consumed. These will be re-
exported for drawback, and stored in some neigh-
boring port until the tariff law goes into effect,
and then they will be re-imported. All this must
create a serious loss to the treasury. And then,
notwithstanding this, and notwithstanding that
another large amount of goods which had been
warehoused will on the 1st of December be taken
out and entered for duty ; and as the articles
exported for debenture will be returning soon
► after, the probable receipts of the quarter com-
mencing on the 1st of January must be very large.
Yet, I say, notwithstanding this—that is, the very
time when this law begins to demand that ail du-
ties shall be paid in specie—just at that time, when
the amount of importation is at the highest point
in the whole year, this demand for gold and silver
meets the importing merchant in the face. Do not
o-entlemen see how serious an inconvenience must
be inflicted by such a conjuncture as this ? It is
plain that the Government can get no loan at such
a time It will be as much as the banks can do to
stand "the call that will be made upon them for
Specie by their own customers, especially if the
importations shall be anything like what is calcu-
lated by the Secretary of the Treasury. And the
prospect of such a demand, the knowledge before-
hand that it may come, will act as strongly against
