1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1177
would be obliged to return to their homes without
their eases being attended to by Congress.
Mr. DIX asked that the bills from the House,
which were upon the table, be taken up with a
view to their reference.
Mr. HUNTINGTON opposed the taking up of
the private calendar. The appropriation bills,
without the passage of which the operations of the
Government could not proceed, should be the first
business.
The CHAIR announced the special order of the
day to be the naval appropriation bill. -
Mr. HANNEGAN moved to postpone the spe-
cial order, in order to take up the private calendar;
which was lost, on a division—yeas 20 nays 25.
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate now passed to the special order of
the day, and took up the navy appropriation bill.
The question being on an amendment moved by
Mr. Cameron to an amendment of Mr. Evans,
fixing the salary of the cierk of tlie navy-yard at
§1,200 instead of §1,500, when he performed the
duty of clerk of the commandant, it was taken
and carried in the affirmative.
The bill was now reported to the Senate.
An amendment, moved by Mr. DAYIS, respect-
ing the navy hospital fund, was non-concurred in,
because it had been inserted in another bill.
• The other amendments were all concurred in,
except one by Mr. Mangdm, which gave a retro-
spective operation to that item of the bill which
allowed passed midshipmen, when doing the duty
of commanders, to receivecommanders' pay. The
amendment carried bock the operation of the bill
to the first of June, 1814.
Mr. MANGUM explained and defended the
amendment, which was ojiposed by Mr. SEVIER.
After a briefdiscussion.in whichMessrs. MAN-
GUM, SEVIER, ALLEN, WESTCOTT, and
FAIRFIELD participated, the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. YULEE, by direction of the Naval Com-
mittee, moved the insertion of an item appropria-
ting §150,000 for the commencement of a dry-
dock in the navy-yard at Pensacola.
Mr. CAMERON moved to amend the amend-
ment by appropriating $100,000 towards the con-
struction of a dry-dock at Philadelphia.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON advocated the motion of
Mr. Cameron.
Mr. MANGUM approved the object of con-
structing a dock at Pensacola, but thought the
state of the finances forbade it for the present.
Mr. CASS advocated a dock at Pensacola as
needed for tb e Gulf, but wanted to know of what
kind it was to be.
Mr. FAIRFIELD said he should introduce a pro-
vision that the plan be left to the Navy Department.
Mr. CAMERON assented to this arrangement
so far as Philadelphia was concerned.
Some further conversation tnok place between
Messrs. R. JOHNSON, YULEE, FAIRFIELD,
and CAMERON, as to the sort of dock to be pro-
vided.
Mr. EVANS thought that we should appropri-
ate at this time for no public works but those af
immediate and pressing necessity. He doubted
the necessity of a dry-dock at Philadelphia, but
should be in favor of a substantial stone dock at
Pensacola as soon a3 the state of the treasury would
render it proper.
Mr. CAMERON warmly defended the claims of
Philadelphia.
Mr. DAYTON wished the question left open as
to which side of the Delaware the dock at Phila-
delphia should be constructed.
Mr. BENTON warmly protested against the
habits of legislation which were growing upon
Congress, of dispensing with previous readings
and the commitment of bills, and introducing im-
portant amendments just before a bill passed, often
in the shape of an ill-considered proviso.
Messrs. CAMERON and MANGUM reminded
Mr. BENTON that the item for a dock at Pensa-
cola had been fully considered in the Naval Com-
imttee, and reported by its order.
Mr. YULEE said that all the provisions for dry-
docks had been introduced into appropriation bills,
and not made the subject of independent legislation.
A dry-dock was but an appendage to a navy-yard,
and did not require a separate bill.
Mr. HANNEGAN concurred in the objections
urged by Mr. Evans and Mr. Benton. We had
appropriated fifty millions this year already, and
there were other bills yet to pass that would cover
a million more. Where was the money to come
from ? There was an establishment at Memphis
which he was told would require seven millions to
complete. He had no objection to these appropria-
tions but the want of money.
The question being now put on Mr. Cameron's
amendment for a dry-dock at Philadelphia, it was
taken by yeas and nays, as follows: Yeas 26,
nays 26.
There being a tie, the VICE PRESIDENT
voted in the affirmative.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FAIRFIELD now moved another amend-
ment for an appropriation of §100,000 for a dry-
dock at the navy-yard at Kittery, in Portsmouth
harbor, New Hampshire, ahd supported his mo-
tion by a eulogy on that excellent harbor.
Mr. EVANS supported the amendment.
Mr. YULEE opposed the amendment as un
necessary, a fine dock at Cbarleslown, in Boston
harbor, being so near.
Messrs. ATHERTON and CILLEY briefly
supported the amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, the
amendment was rejected—yeas 21, nays 25.
The VICE PRESIDENT now stated, that had
the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass] voted on
the amendment for Philadelphia, there would have
been no tie; and as he understood that gentleman
would have voted in the affirmative, he wished his
own casting vote to be considered as withdrawn.
The Senate readily consented.
Mr. FAIRFIELD now moved his amendment
referring the question as to what species of docks
should be built both at Philadelphia and Pensacola
to the Navy Department, on the report of a scien-
tific commission. i
Mr. YULEE opposed the amendment, and re- j
ferred to the frequent examinations which had j
been made, and the ample reports they had made. I
Mr. FAIRFIELD modified his amendment,
leaving out the report of a commission.
And in this form, after a brief conversation, it
was agreed to—yeas 22, nays 19.
Mr. YULEE now stated facts in favor of his
amendment for Pensacola.
Mr. CALHOUN said lie should be in favor of
a dock at Pensacola, but he could not go for two
docks.
Mr. WESTCOTT was in favor of both.
The question then recurring on Mr. Yblee's
amendment, as already amended by Mr. Came-
ron, it was decided by yeas and nays in the neg-
ative: Yeas 22, nays 28.
So both docks were rejected.
Mr. YULEE now made another effort for Pen-
sacola, by moving $100,000.
Whereupon Mr. CAMERON moved $75,000
for Philadelphia.
Mr. Cameron's was rejected without a count.
Mr. Yulee's was rejected by yeas and nays: Yeas
23, nays 24.
Mr. LEWIS moved an amendment, empowering
the President to have war steamers built on con-
tract elsewhere than at the navy yards.
Mr. EVANS thought the change much too im-
portant to be hastily made; if pressed to-night he
! should vote against it.
j Mr. LEWIS consented to withdraw the amend-
| A motion was made to adjourn,.and negatived,
i Mr FAIRFIELD moved an additional section,
: appropriating #50,000, to enable the Secretary of
j the Navy to test inventions to facilitate the propul-
! sion of vessels, &c.
| Mr. EVANS and Mr. ALLEN opposed it, and
! it was negatived.
• Mr. LEWIS now renewed his amendment re-
' specting the construction of war steamers by con-
: tract; after a debate in which Messrs. LEWIS,
| FAIRFIELD, ATCHISON, and EVANS, took
1 part, it was carried by yeas and nays: Yeas 23,
'! naIn item of §12,000 for repairs of the Sheer wharf
in Boston harbor was inserted on motion of Mr.
FAIRFIELD. _
On his motion the item in the House bill to apply
the appropriation for Memphis navy yard to the
erection of a ropewalk was stricken out.
Mr. CRITTENDEN moved to strike out the
item in the bill as it came from the House, which
prohibited the spirit ration.
Mr. HUNTINGTON earnestly remonstrated
against this motion, and read a letter from a naval
officer which stated the happy effects of dispensing
with that ration on board a Government ship;
though some, both of the officers and men, had
been opposed to it at first, the results convinced
every man. on board, and thejr returned to port
unanimous against the spirit ration.
The question being put, Mr. Crittenden's mo-
tion was carried without a count. So the spirit
ration was restored.
Mr. ARCHER moved to reconsider the vote
striking out the item for a ropewalk at Memphis.
On this motion a debate of some length arose, in
which Messrs. ARCHER, TURNEY, ATCHI-
SON, PEARCE, and BREESE, took part, when
it was carried: Yeas 21, nays 17.
So the motion to strike out was reconsidered, and
the section was retained in the bill. [It applies the
appropriation originally intended for a dry-dock at
Memphis to the erection of a ropewalk, and was
treated in debate as amounting to a determination
that there should be 110 dry-dock there. Memphis
is one thousand miles from the ocean.]
After several minor amendments, which were
rejected, the question was at length obtained on the
bill, when it was read a third time and passed.
And then the Senate adjourned, (a little before
six o'clock.)
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, August 1, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER announced the unfinished busi-
ness to be the special order of yesterday—the bill
in relation to the warehousing system.
Mr. McCLELLAND offered a resolution pro-
viding that all debate on the said bill, in Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of thoUnion, should
terminate this day at one o'clock.
THF. PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. DANIEL moved to postpone the consider-
ation of the special order.
The SPEAKER said, the motion would not be
in order pending the resolution of the gentleman
from Michigan, [Mr. McClelland.]
Several voices: " Let that resolution be adopted
first."
Mr. DANIEL. With the permission of the
House, I will state the object of the motion I de-
sire to make. There are some bills on the private
calendar which have been acted on by the Senate,
and which ought to be acted on by this House. It
may be that other bills will yet be acted on by the
Senate, and sent to the House, which may occupy
the next private bill day. The bill now under dis-
cussion, and to which theresoiutionof thegentleman
from Michigan has reference, is properly a public
bill; and, as such, it will be in order to take it up
on Monday; but it will not be in order to take up
the private calendar. If the resolution sliould-not
bo adopted, I shall move that the House proceed
to the consideration of the private calendar, with
a view to take up such bills as have been acted on
by the Senate. And, in order to effect that object,
I shall move to postpone the consideration of the
special order until Monday.
1 now move that the resolution be laid on the
table.
Mr. TIBBATTS indicated an amendment, which
he desired to offer, but which was not now in or-
der.
And a brief conversation ensued between the
SPEAKER and Mr. T., as to that gentleman's
right to the floor.
Mr. McCLELLAND asked the yeas and nays
on the motion to lay the resolution on the table,
which were orderen; and, being taken, resulted as
follows:
YEAS -Messrs. Abbott, Atkinson, Hell, Btegs, Bowlin,
Milton Brown, William G. Brown, Carroll, Cathcart, John
G. Chapman, Clarke, Cobb. Cockf, Cranston, Crozier,
Daniel. Gairett Davis, Dillingham, Edsall, John H. Evvmtr,
Foot, Graham, Grider, Billiard, Elias B. Holmes, Hudson,
Washington Hunt, Joseph Johnson, G. W. Jones, Thomas
Butler King, Long, McGaughey, Mcllvame, Marsh, John P.
Martin, MoseJcy. Payne, Pollock, Ramsey, Julius Rockwell,
Root, Runk, Sawtel'le, Schenck, Seaman, Seddon, Sever-
ance, Alexander D. Snns, Thomas Smith, St. John, Sykes,
Toombs, Trumbo, Vinton, Winthrop, and Woodward—56.
NAYS—Messrs Anderson, Benton, Blauchaid. Boyd,
Brodhead, Buffington, Wm. W. Campbell, John H. Camp
bell, Reuben Chapman, Chase, Cbipman,Culver, Cummins,
De Mott, Dixon, Dunlap, Eidman, Poster, Fries, Gentry,
Giddmgs, Giles, Gordon, Hamlin, Haralson, Hopkins, Geo.
