1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1179
of James Ervin and others, of Arkansas," report-
ed the same with an amendment; left upon the
Speaker's table.
The Senate bill for the relief of Harriet Ward
came up on its third reading.
Several motions to adjourn, &c., were made and
' rejected.
The reading of the report was called for and
objected to.
And the question being put, the House, by yeas
69, nays 84, refused to hear the report.
Mr. GORDON moved to lay the bill on the
table.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered;
and, being taken, were—yeas 36, nays 09.
So the bill wJI not laid on the table.
The question recurring on ordering the bill to a
third reading, *
Mr. S. ADAMS opposed it, and as a part of his
speech sent to the Clerk's table a report; which
was read.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF demanded the previous
question; which was seconded.
The main question was ordered; and, being
taken, the bill was ordered to its third reading.
On the passage of the bill no quorum voted.
And, after some proceedings,
The question was again taken, and the bill was
THE INDEPENDENT TREASURY.
A message was received from the Senate inform-
ing the House of the passage of this bill with cer-
tain amendments.
The amendments were referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means, on motion of Mr. McKAY,
and were ordered to be printed.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The bill making appropriations for the support
ef the army for the fiscal year ending 30th June,
1847, was received from the Senate, with a mes-
sage setting forth that the conferees on the part
of the Senate had met the conferees on the part
of the House, and, after free find full discussion on
the subject of said disagreeing votes, had been un-
able to come to an agreement. The conferees had,
therefore, recommended to the Senate to adhere to
its amendments disagreed to by the House, and to
its disagreement to the amendment of the House
to the amendment of the Senate. And this report
the Secretary notified the House that the Senate
had agreed to.
Mr. HcKAY, from the managers on the part
of the House at the conference, then reported that
they had been unable to come to any agreement
with the managers on the part of the Senate, and
recommended—
"That the IIou«e further insist on its amendment to the
first amendment of tile S.-inate, and <i]m« iu-i*t upun its dis-
agreement to the remaining amendment of the Seimti', and
sk another free conference on the subject of the former
orifeience.-'5
Mr. ASHMUN said he wished it to be under-
stood that this was not the report of the whole
number of managers on the part of the House: it
was the report of the majority only.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said it was not in order to
make this declaration.
Mr. ASHMUN. It is in order.
The SPEAKER stated the rule of proceeding m
cases where committees of conference had been
unable to agree, and in the ease of an adherence
on the part of one House; when
Mr. ASHMUN moved that the House recede
from its amendment to the amendments of the Sen-
ate; as also from its disagreement to those amend-
ments of the Senate to which the Senate have ad-
hered. . .
[The effect of this motion, if earned m the affirm-
ative, would be finally to pass the bill.]
Mr. DROMGOOLE desired that the question
be taken separately on receding on each pending
amendment, saying there were some which he was
disposed to recede from, and others he would not.
The SPEAKER said that the question was not
susceptible of division, and must be taken at> a
whole, and by a single vote; and explained the
reasons which prevented the division, and referred
to the Pafliamentary Manual in support of the
decision.
Mr. DROMGOOLE would not assent to the
decision, and took an appeal.
The Speaker's decision was sustained by alarge
majority.
Mr. DROMGOOLE then asked to be excused
from voting on the question to recede. His request
was granted.
And the question was taken on Mr. Ashman's
motion to recede; and it was negatived—Yeas 67,
nays 69.
A further conference was then asked by the
House of the Senate on the subject of the amend-
ments to this bill; and managers were ordered to
be appointed on the part of the House.
The amendments of the Senate to the sub-tre'as-
ury bill were then taken up and referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
And the House adjourned until Monday.
IN SENATE.
Monday, Jlvgust 3, 1846.
*Mr. HOUSTON presented a petition of "Wil-
liam L. S. Dealing, asking remuneration for his
expenses in fitting out a volunteer company to
serve in the Seminole war; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
The President laid before the Senate a report
from the Secretary of the Treasury, made in com-
pliance with a resolution of the Senate asking for
information in relation to frauds committed upon
the revenue by recent importations of sirup as mo-
lasses from the West Indies; which was laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HUNTINGTON submitted the following
resolution; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report to the Senate, at the next session
of Congress, a statement of the exports from the
United States of imported merchandise under the
act of Congress appi oved March 3d, 1845, entitled
"An act allowing a drawback upon foreign mer-
chandise exported in the original packages to Chi-
huahua and Santa Fe, in Mexico, and to the Brit-
ish North American provinces adjoining the United
States," from the passage of said act to the 30th
September, 1846, showing the amount of deben-
tures paid, and distinguishing the ports or places
in the adjoining provinces to which said exports
have been made, and how much to each port or
place, and the description of merchandise exported
to each port or place.
Mr. RUSK submitted the following resolution;
which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the propriety of estab-
lishing in the State of Texas such Indian agencies
as the situation of the Indian territory in that State
may require.
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, the Senate proceed-
ed, as in committee of the whole, to the consider-
ation of the House act to repeal an act entitled
" An act for the relief of the Stockbridge tribe of
I Indians in the Territory of Wisconsin,'5 approved
March 3d, 1843, and for other purposes; which
was reported to the Senate without amendment,
' ordered to a third reading, read a third time, and
|t passed.
l! Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the .Tu-
ji diciary, reported back the bill for the relief of Abra-
j liam I-Iorback, with an amendment.
i! Mr. A. also, from the same committee, reported
|i a bill for the relief of the heirs and legal represent-
lj atives of John Beardon, deceased; which was read,
\! and passed to a second reading.
ji Mr. A., further, from the same committee, to
i' whom was referred the petition of the executor of
i; Zephamah Kingsley, reported the following reso-
!| iution; which which was considered, and agreed
i! to:
I i Resolved, That the petition of Kingsley B. Gibbs,
ij executor of Zephamah Kingsley, deceased, and
j; the accompanying documents, be referred to the
!i Secretary of the Treasury and the Attorney Gen-
eral of the United States, to report thereon to the
! i Senate, on the first day of the next session of Con-
H gress.
j| Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, asked that said committee be
I! discharged from the further consideration of the
| petitions of citizens of Ohio, for an increase of the
J' pension allowed to Samuel Hall; Lydia Lord,
|i widow of John Lord; Ann Dodd, widow of arev-
|! olutionary soldier; Sarah Overbagh, widow of Jer-
i| emiah Overbagh; Maria Ostrander, widow of a
|j revolutionary soldier; and Benjamin Watson;
j! which was agreed to.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to •whom was referred the House bill to
protect the rights of American citizens residing in
the territory of the United States west of the Rocky
Mountains, reported it back with an amendment.
Mr. WESTCOTT, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill in relation to claims for
losses sustained by Indian depredations and other-
wise in the late Seminole war.
Mr. W. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of John G. Baldwin, owner of
the Spanish brig Gil Bias; which was read, and
passed to the second reading.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, the
Senate proceeded, as in committee of the whole, to
the consideration of the " bill to provide for the
confirmation of certain settlement claims in the St.
Helena land district, in Louisiana;" which was
reported to the Senate without amendment, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read a third
time, and passed.
The act making appropriations for certain de-
fensive works of the United States for the year
ending June 30,1847, was read a second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The bill to amend an act entitled " An act to
provide revenue from imports, and to change and
modify existing laws imposing duties on impoits,
and for other purposes," was taken up, and the
amendment made by the House of Representatives
to the title was concurred in.
The " bill to provide for the payment of the evi-
dences of public debt in certain cases," which had
been returned from the House with an amendment,
was taken up for consideration.
Mr. EYANS said that the amendment provided
for the taking evidence in relation to the subject of
the bill in a very loose, unsatisfactory manner, and
he therefore moved that the Senate disagree to the
amendment by the House; which motion was
adopted.
Tlie (Senate) bill granting a pension to Richard
Elliott, which was returned from the House of
Representatives, said House having resolved to
insist on their amendment to said bill, was taken
up for consideration; and,
On motion of Mr. ASHLEY, it was
Resolved, That a committee of conference on the
part of the Senate be appointed by the Chair, to
confer with a similar committee of the other House,
upon the disagreeing votes.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, announcing that said House had
passed sundry private bills.
Also, announcing that said House had resolved
further to insist in Its disagreement to certain ac-
tion of the Senate upon the army appropiiation
bill, and asked a further conference in relation to
the disagreeing votes.
The army appropriation bill, just returned from
the House, was then taken up for consideration.
Mr. SPEIGHT moved that another committee
of conference be appointed by the Chair; which
motion was agreed to.
LAND GRADUATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. BREESE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the .consideration of the bill to reduce
and graduate the price of the public lands, and for
other purpose.
Mr. SIMMONS moved to amend the amend-
ment of the Committee on the Public Lands by
inserting what the reporter could not hear, front
the noise in the gallery; hut, after a debate, in
which Messrs. BREESE, HUNTINGTON,
CRITTENDEN, DAVIS, YULEE, SPEIGHT,
JOHN M. CLAYTON, SIMMONS, and others,
participated, on the subject of the amendment to
the amendment of the House, which was to strike
out the word "twenty" from the first clause, and
insert " fifteen," so that all lands offered for sale
for fifteen years or more on the 1st December,
1846, shall be subject to entry at one dollar per
acre, &c., Mr. Summons's amendment was ruled
out of order, and the question was taken on agree-
ing to the amendment of the Senate, to the amend-
ment of the House, and it was decided as follows:
YEAS Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atherton. Bagby,
Benton, Breese, Bright, Calhoun, Cass, Chaimeis, Colquitt,
Dickinson, Dix, Fairfield, Hannegaii, Houston, Johnson of
Louisiana,Lewie,McDuiBe, Rusk, Semple, Sevier, Speight,
Tnrnev, Westcott, Woodbrid^e, and Yulee—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Aicher, Berrien, Cameron, Cilley, John
