1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1181
either House of Congress, nor any person who shall have 1
been a member of either House of Congress at any Ume
during the official term of such President."
_ Mr. SEAMAN inquired if this was not resolu-
tion day?
The SPEAKER replied, it was by the rules of
the House.
Mr. SEAMAN. I hope the Speaker will pro-
ceed to call the States in order for resolutions.
Mr. DROMGOOLE hoped not. There were
important bills pending between the two Houses,
which it was important to attend to. He was
now instructed to report one from the Committee
of Ways and Means.
Mr. HUNT insisted upon his motion, and de-
manded the yeas and nays thereon.
The House refused to order the yeas and nays,
and the question being taken, the rules were not
suspended.
So the resolution of Mr. Hunt was not received.
On motion of Mr. DODGE, the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting a commu-
nication from the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, in relation to certain moneys depos-
ited with the late register of the land office at Fair-
field, Iowa, was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. DODGE (Iowa being first in order in the
call for resolutions) offered the following, and de-
manded the previous question thereon:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House be autho-
rized and directed to pay out of the contingent fund
to the officers, clerks, messengers, pages, and labor-
ers of this House, the same compensation that has
been heretofore paid to the same persons m the
Senate.
Mr. McKAY objected to the resolution,and read
a former law against it; and after further conversa-
tion by Mr. ASHMUN and others,
The question was taken on seconding the de-
mand for the previous question, and the vote stood
ayes 8G, noes 24—no quorum voting.
Mr. WOODWORTH called for a re-count.
Mr. BRODHEAD moved that the l%soIution be
laid on the table, and asked the yeas and nays,
which were ordered.
Mr. McHENRY called for the reading of the
resolution: which was again read.
Mr. ATKINSON suggested to the mover so to
modify the resolution as to state what the compen-
sation allowed by the Senate was, otherwise gen-
tlemen would be voting in the dark.
Mr. THOMAS SMITH inquired if the resolu-
tion had been received:
The SPEAKER said that the resolution coming
from the Territory of Iowa was in order, this being
resolution doy.
The question, "Shall the resolution belaid on
the table ?" was then taken, and the vote stood yeas
57, nays 91.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
The question recurring on the demand for the
previous question,
Mr. BRODHEAD desired to offer an amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER said it was not in order pend-
ing the demand for thepievious question.
The question was then taken on the demand for
the previous question, and tiiere was a second.
And the main question, on the adoption of the
resolution, was ordered to be now taken.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON asked the yeas and
navs, which were ordered.
Mr. McKAY asked that the law might be read.
Objected to.
The question," Shall the resolution be adopted.-
was then taken, and the vote stood yeas 75, nays
77.
So the resolution was rejected.
treasury drafts.
Mr. G. DAVIS asked leave to offer the follow-
ing resolution; which was read for information:
Resolved, That a select committee of five be ap-
pointed to inquire whether the Treasury Depart-
ment has not caused to be stamped, in the form of
bank notes or some other form, treasury drafts for
various and small sums, and placed large amounts
thereof in the hands of disbursing officers and othey
agents, to be used and paid out on account of the
Government as money; and that said committee
have power to send for persons and papers.
Mr. McCONNELL objected.
Mr. G. DAVIS moved a suspension of the
rules.
Mr. McCONNELL asked the yeas and nays;
which were ordered; and, being taken, resulted as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, John Quincy Adams, Arnold,
A&hmun, Barringer, Bell, Brodbeatl, BulTiiigton, William
W. Campbell, John H. Campbell, Cocke, Cranston, Crozier,
Cnlver, Garrett Davis, Dixon, Dockcry, Dromgoole, John H.
Ewing, Edwin H. Ewing, Faran, Foot, Gentry, Giddings,
Goodyear, Graham, Gridcr, Grinnell, Grover, Hampton,
Harper, Hilliard, Elias B. Holmes, John W. Houston,
Samuel D. Hubbard, Hudson, Washington Hunt, Chai-les J.
Ingersoll, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Daniel P. King, Preston
King, Lewis, Levin, Long, James McDowell, McGaughey,
McHenry, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Miller, Moseley, Owen, Par-
rish, Pendleton, Pollock, Ramsey, Julius Rockwell, John
A. Rockwell, Root, Runk, Sclienck, Seaman, Truman
Smith, Albert Smith, Caleb I!. Smith, Stanton, Stewait,
Sftohm, Thibodeaux, Benjamin Thompson, Thurman,
Tibhatt-s, Tilden, Toombs, Trumbo, Vinton, Wheaton,
White, and Winthrop—79.
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Atkinson, Bayly, Bed-
inger, Benton, Biggs, James A. Black, Boyd, BrinkerliolT,
Brockenbrough, Chase, Chipnian, Clarke, Cobb, Constable,
Cullom, Cummins, Cunningham, De Mott, Dobbin, Dunlap,
Edsall, Erdman, Fieklin, Fries, Garvin, Giles, Gordon,
Henley, Hoge, Hopkins, George S. Houston, Edmund W.
IlHbard, James B, Hunt, Jenkins, Joseph Johnson, Andrew
Johnson, George W. Jones, Seaborn Jones, Kaufman,
Lawrence, Leake, Ligon, Lumpkin, McClean, McClelland,
McClernand, McConnell, McCiate, Joseph J. McDowell,
McKay, John P. Martin, Baikley Martin, Moulton, Niven,
Norris, Payne, Peirill, Perry, Phelps, Pillsburv, Rathhun,
Reid, Relfe, Rhett, Patter, Roberts, Sawtelle, Sawyei,
Scdlninoii, Seddon, Alexander D. Sims, Leonard H. Sims,
Simpson, St. John, Strong, Sykes, Thompson, Jacob
Thompson, Tredway, Wentwoith, Wick, Williams, Wood,
Woodward, Woodworth, and Yost—£6.
So, two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended, and the resolution was
not received.
Mr. WHEATON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, made a report.
Mr. MARTIN, of Wisconsin, offered the fol-
lowing resolution, and demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Rep-
resentatives be directed to furnish to such members
of the present House of Representatives as have
not received them, such books as were furnished
to the members of the last Congress, including the
5th volume of the Debates on the Federal Consti-
tution; and that the books now remaining on hand
! be employed to that purpose, as far as they go:
1 Provided, That this resolution shall not be so con-
I strued as to authorize the reprinting of any of said
I books.
| Mr. DROMGOOLE moved that the resolution
j be laid on the table.
| Mr. McKAY asked the yeas and nays, which
' were ordered; and, being taken, were, yeas 69,
; nays 96.
i So the resolution was not laid on the table.
i [While the Clerk was calling the roll he was
directed by the Speaker to suspend, the conversa-
ii tion in the Hall being- so loud as to render it very
, difficult to hear the answers of members.
■; A pause ensued.
! i The SPEAKER stated that when conversation
- was suspended, the Clerk would proceed with the
Ii call of the roll.
: i Mr. DROMGOOLE inquired whether there was
any particular limit within which members might
indulge in conversation to the suspension of the
business of the House ?
The SPEAKER. The rule does not prescribe
the exact limit.
In due course of time the call of the roll was re-
ii sumed and concluded.]
I! And the question recurring on the demand for the
previous question, there was a second.
: j And the main question (on the adoption of the
ii resolution) was ordered to be now taken.
!( Mr. G.W.JONES and Mr. S. ADAMS de-
ij manded the yeas and nays, which were ordered;
I and, being taken, were yeas 89, nays 73.
! | So the resolution was adopted.
II Mr. ASHMUN moved a reconsideration of the
i| vote, and demanded the previous question, which
ii was seconded; and the question being taken under
l! its operation, the vote was not reconsidered.
;j THE RIVER AND HARBOR BILL
!' A message was received from the President of
;j the United States, by the hands of J. K. Walker,
ii Esq., his Private Secretary, informing the House
; | that the President had approved and signed certain
i; bills.
The Secretary also stated that he was directed
by the President to deliver to the House of Repre-
sentatives a message in writing.
[Several voices: "Well,let's have the message in
writing." This message was a veto on the river
and harbor bill.]
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
Mr. LIGON offered a resolution providing that
the House would resolve itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union to resume the
consideration of the bill in relation to French spo-
liations prior to 1800, and that all debate thereon
should cease at two o'clock this day.
Some conversation followed on a point of order.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON moved that the resolu-
tion be laid on the table.
Which motion having been agreed to, the reso-
lution was laid on the table.
THE VETO.
Mr. TIBBATTS moved that the message in
writing from the President of the United States be
now taken up and read.
Mr. ROOT objected.
On motion of Mr. TIBBATTS, the rules of the
House were suspended for the purpose, and the
message was read as follows:
To the House of Representatives:
I have considered the bill entitled " An act ma-
king appropriations for the improvement of certain
harbors and rivers" with the care which its im-
portance demands, and now return the same to the
House of Representatives in which it originated,
with my objections to its becoming a law. The
bill proposes to appropriate one million three hun-
dred and seventy-eight thousand four hundred and
fifty dollars to be applied to more than forty dis-
tinct and separate objects of improvement. On
examining its provisions, and the variety of objects
of improvement which it embraces, many of tliem
of a local character, it is difficult to conceive, if it
shall be sanctioned and become a law, what practi-
cal constitutional restraint can hereafter be imposed
upon themost extended system of internal improve-
ments by the Federal Government in all parts of
the Union. The Constitution has not, in my judg-
ment,conferred upon the Federal Government the
power to construct works of internal improvement
within the States, or to appropriate money from
the treasury for that purpose. That this bill as-
sumes for the Federal Government the right to
exercise this power, cannot, I think, be doubted.
The approved course of the Government, and the
d eli berately-expressed j udgm en t of the people, have
denied the existence of sucli a power under the Con-
stitution. Several of my predecessors have denied
its existence in the most solemn forms.
The general proposition that the Federal Govern-
ment does not possess this power is so well settled,
and has for a considerable period been so generally
acquiesced in, that it is not deemed necessary to
reiterate the arguments by which it is sustained.
Nor do I deem it necessary, after the full and elab-
orate discussions which have taken place before the
country on this subject, to do more than state the
general considerations which have satisfied me of
the unconstitutionality and inexpediency of the
exercise of such a power.
It is not questioned that the Federal Government
is one of limited powers. Its powers are such, and
such only, as are expressly granted in the Consti-
tution, or are properly incident to the expressly
granted powers, and necessary to their execution.
In determining whether a given power has been
granted, a sound rale of construction has been laid
down by Mr. Madison. That rule is, that " when-
' ever a question arises concerninga particular pow-
' er, the first question is, whether the power be
' expressed in the Constitution. If it be, the ques-
' tion is decided. If it be not expressed, the next
' inquiry must be, whether it is properly an incident
e to an expressed power, and necessary to its execu-
' tion. If it be, it may be exercised by Congress.
' If it be not, Congress cannot exercise it." It is not
pretended that there is any express grant in the
Constitution conferring on Congress the power in
question. Is it, then, an incidental power, neces-
sary and proper for the execution of any of the
granted powers? AH the grunted powers, it is
confidently affirmed, may be effectually executed
without the aid of sitch an incident. "A power,
' to be incidental, must not be exercised for ends
' which make it a principal, or substantive power,
