1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1183
visions, but quite as much entitled to the favor of
the Government as those which are embraced, will
demand, through their representatives in Congress,
to he placed oil an equal footing with them. With
such an increase of expenditure must necessarily
fpllow either an increased public debt, or increased
burdens upon the people by taxation, to supply the
treasury with the means of meeting the accumula-
ted demands upon it.
"With profound respect for the opinions of Con-
gress, "and ever anxious, as far as I can consistently
■with my responsibility to our common constitu-
ents, to cooperate with them in the discharge of
our respective duties, it is with unfeigned regret
that I find myself constrained, for the reasons
•which 1 have assigned, to withhold my approval
, from this bill. JAMES K. POLK.
Washington, Jlvgust 3, 1846".
The reading having been concluded,
A number of members claimed the floor.
The SPEAKER. The question will be, " Shall
this bill become a law, the objections of the Presi-
dent to the contrary notwithstanding?"
[Note.—The constitutional provision on the
subject is as follows: " Every bill which shall have
passed the House of Representatives and the Sen-
ate shall, before it becomes a law, be presented to
the President of the United States; if he approve
he shall sign it; but if not, he shall return it, with
his objections, to that House in which it shall have
originated, who shall enter the objections at large
on their Journal, and proceed to reconsider it. If,
after such reconsideration, two-thirds of that House
shall agree to pass the bill, itshall be sent, together
with the objections, to the other House, by winch
it shall likewise be reconsidered, and, if approved
by two-thirds of that House, it shall become a law;
but, in all such cases, the votes of both Houses
shall be determined by yeas and nays, and the
names of the persons voting for and against the
bill shall be entered on the journal of each House
respectively."]
The SPEAKER then gave the floor to
Mr. BOYD, who said that it would be proper to
have the documents printed. He presumed, how-
ever, that the first question in order would be the
question of reconsideration. A motion 
Mr. ASHMDN rose to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state it.
Mr. ASHMIIN. The point of order is this:
That before the House proceed to the reconsider
ation, this message must be spread at large on the
Journal; therefore the motion cannot be decided to-
day. Such is the requisition of the Constitution
of the United States.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is aware of the
provision of the Constitution. The objections of
the President will, as a matter of course, be spiead
oil the Xournal; the Constitution requires that
they shall be. But the House can act notwith-
standing.
Mr. ASfiMUX. Not until after the message
has been spread on the Journal.
The SPEAKER. By the rules of construction,
and by the practice of the House, the message is
considered as now spread on the Journal. The
gentleman front Kentucky will proceed with his
remarks.
Mr. BOYD. I do not rise to discuss this inter-
nal improvement question. At this late period of
the session it seems to me that it cannot be desira-
ble to enter upon such a discussion. But I may be
permitted to express my thanks, thus publicly in
my place, to the President of the United States for
having met this question in the form m which he
has met ii.
I have risen for the purpose 'of moving the pre-
vious question.
[A number of voices: No—that will not do—
we cannot go that.]
The SPEAKER. The previous question is de-
manded .
Mr. JAMES THOMPSON. If the previous
question is not seconded, is tlte message deoatable?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. THOMPSON. I hope the previous ques-
tion will not be sustained.
Mr. B Rl N KERHOFF called for tellers ; who
were ordered.
Mr. DROMGOOLE asked Mr. Boyd to with-
draw the demand for a moment, to enable him (Mr.
D.) to say a word.
Mr. BOYD. 1 cannot withdraw it.
[Several voices: Never mindjwe'H vote it down.]
Mr. G. DAYIS suggested that the subject should
be made the special order for the day after to-
morrow.
[Several voices: Oh ! no; no special orders.]
And the question being taken on the demand for
the previous question, the vote stood ayes 82, noes
1U5.
So there was not a second.
Mr. DROMGOOLE inquired of the Speaker if
the question was on seconding the demand for the
previous question; to which receiving an affirmative
reply, he said he did not rise with a view of making
any remarks upon the merits of the objections
which the President had sent to this House, or to
comment upon the joy with which they had thrill-
ed the breasts of a portion of the members of this
House, or the extent of the disapprobation which
it awakened in others, but to suggest to the House
to take that step which was best calculated to en-
able them to act with proper calmness upon a sub-
ject of so much moment, involving as it did so
much feeling, and such a variety of local interests.
He had referred to the precedents of proceedings
in the House in the case of vetoes, from the first
veto of Washington to the apportionment bill,
down to the last veto of Mr. Tyler m 1844; and
although his impressions from reading the Consti-
tution was that they must proceed at once to re-
consider the bill with the objections of the Presi-
dent, it appeared that the practice had been, after
spreading the objections at large upon the Journal,
as a matter of course, to proceed at once to recon-
sider the bill, or to assign a day therefor. As the
House had determined, by its refusal to second the
demand for the previous question, that they would
not now proceed to reconsider, he suggested to
them simply to follow the precedent adopted in
1795, upon the return, by General Washington, of
the apportionment bill, with his objections; and for
this purpose he would offer the identical resolution
which was then adopted, viz:
Resolved, That to-morrow be assigned for the
reconsideration of the said bill, in tiie mode pre-
scribed by the Constitution of the United States."
Mr. BRODHEAD suggested that" to-morrow"
be stricken out of the resolution, and " forthwith"
inserted.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said, if it appeared to be the
general wish of the House to proceed immediately
to the reconsideration, ho would modify the reso-
lution as suggested 'After some conversation,
however, he insisted on the resolution m its origi-
nal form.
Mr. DOUGLASS said he had listened to the
message,as read by the Clerk, with great attention.
He was not sure that he understood it accurately
on all points. As the House was about to proceed
to vote on the question, whether the bill should
become a law, the President's objections to the
contrary notwithstanding, he had a few words to
say before the vote should be taken. He had voted
for the bill on its passage in the House in the first
instance. He had voted for several sinvlar bills at
former sessions. He was, and ever had been, ill
favor of giving adequate protection to our commerce
and navigation on all our navigable waters—the
lakes and rivers, as well as the ocean. He had
discovered nothing in the message to change his
opinion in this respect. Indeed, if he had undet-
stood the reading of the message right, he had no
complaint to make so far as its principles related
to the constitutional power of Congress to establish
a general system of internal improvements. Mr.
D. was opposed to such a system, and had so
, avowed himself on various occasions, at this as
I well as former sessions of Congress. He approved
of all the restrictions on the extent of this power
imposed by General Jackson in his Maysville road
and Wabash river vetoes. He approved of the
restrictions in the messages of Madison, Monroe,
and Van Buren. He was not willing to go as far
as many of them went in favor of public works by
the General Government. There must be some
restriction, some limit, to the power, else the Fed-
eral Government would swallow up all the powers
of the States.
Mr. D. agreed with the President that ours was
a government of limited powers, possessing none
except those which were expressly granted, or
were necessary to carry the enumerated powers
into effect. He was -willing to adopt this rule of
construction on rivers and harbors as well as
banks, tariff, distribution, and all the other great
measures of the day. He had no fault to find
therefore, with the rules of construction which the
President had adopted. The principles of the mes-
sage in this respect were sound and orthodox.
The difficulty he (Mr. D.) labored under was to
comprehend the application of these principles to
the particular works enumerated in the bill. .The
President approves of a part and disapproves of
the residue. He would be willing to sign the un-
exceptionable portion if separated from the obnox-
ious items. But inasmuch as he was called upon
to sign or reject the whole bill in the precise shape
in which it was presented to him, he has returned
it to us with his objections. Now, (said Mr. D.)
1 desire to jjnow what these objectionable items
are, and where they are. The President has not
designated them. He has furnished us no means
of distinguishing the good from the evil. Upon
this point there might be, and no doubt is, a great
variety of opinion. Those works which one por-
tion of the country may regard as the most impor-
tant, others'may regard as the least useful. As
the President objects to a part, and not to the
whole of the bill, it was due to the House that he
should have pointed out the obnoxious items,
which, in his opinion, are so hostile to the princi-
ples of the Constitution and the purity of our insti-
tutions. There were items in the bill to which he
(Mr. D.) had very strong objections. There was
one in particular against which he was compel-
led to vote on the yeas and nays when the bill
was first under consideration. He gave the vote
with great reluctance, because it was for the im-
provement of a city near which he resided, and for
whose prosperity he had the greatest solicitude.
His constituents were in the habit of trading there,
and were interested in the expenditure of the
money. Seventy-five thousand dollars were ap-
propriated by this bill to improve the harbor of
that city; or, in other words, to force the water of
the Mississippi to run along the wliai'f on the right
bank, instead of following its natural channel near
the left bank of the stream. This appropriation
might be important to the inhabitants of that one
city, and facilitate trade at that point at the ex-
pense of others above and below; but it will hardly
be contended that the navigation of the river would
be unproved by it. It would not add one iota to
the safety and facility of navigation. Boats could
pass up and down just as well without as with it.
The channel opposite to that city is as deep and
safe as at any place above or below. The naviga-
tion of the river, therefore, was in nowise depend-
ant upon this appropriation for its safety and facil-
ities. The only difference it could possibly make
was, that business would have to be done a few
yards, or perhaps miles, above or below, instead
of at that particular point. These considerations
might be very interesting to those worthy gentle-
men who held pioperty there, but could be of no
sort of importance to the public. Mr. D. said lie
was compelled reluctantly to vote against this item
of the bill, because it was the first of a new class
of works which were purely local in their charac-
ter. If Congress appropriate money to make a
steamboat landing at St. Louis, there was no rea-
son why they should not do the same thing at
Q,uincy, Alton, Cairo, Louisville, Cincinnati, and
a hundred other towns on the western rivers.
Those towns have all built their wharves at their
own expense, and weie-in the habit of taxing
steamboats from one to five dollars a- piece for land-
ing at them. If you expend a half million of dol-
lars to render the St. Louis wharf accessible to
steamboats, still they will have to pay this tax for
landing at it. Mr. D. repeated that he had no hos-
tility to St. Louis; on the contrary, he felt proud
of her as the most flourishing city m the West.
He would do anything in his power consistent
with duty to promote her interests. But he was
not willing to sacrifice the whole river interest by
appropriating the money to building up towns,
which ought to be applied to the removal of snags
and sand bars. He wished to see the money ap-
plied to the protection of life and property, and to
the removal of obstructions to the navigation, and
not to building up a few towns at the expense of
all the others equally entitled to the protection of
Government. For these reasons he had opposed
this item, and had given a reluctant support to the
bill with it in.
Mr. McCLELLAND asked Mr. Douglass if he
was aware that this sum for the St. Louis harbor
had been estimated for and approved by the War
Department.
