1184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug.- 3.
Mr. DOUGLASS said he was aware of that fact;
and for that very reason had less confidence m the
other estimates which have come from the same
source.
Mr. D. said he had very little personal knowl-
edge of the merits of the various harbors on the
lakes and Atlantic which were provided for in the
bill. He had taken them on the credit of the com-
mittee which reported the bill, and the reports and
estimates of the officers having- them in charge. It
had been the practice of the Government, from the
Administration of Washington down, to encourage
and sanction these harbor appropriations. He was
not prepared to abandon that policy at this time.
He did not understand the President m his message
as abandoning it. If he understood the reading of
the message, the President was in favor of appro-
priations for harbors, light-houses, buoys, and bea-
cons, where they were necessary for the protection
of our commerce and shipping. There was some-
thing said, however, about a distinc'tion between
our foreign'and internal commerce, to which he
could not subscribe. He believed in no such dis-
tinction. The power to regulate commerce with
foreign countries and between the several States is
conferred in the same clause in the Constitution.
He also repudiated the distinctions about improv-
ing rivers above and below poits of entry. There
was no reason for such distinction. If we have the
right to improve the river at all, we can do it above
a port of entry or delivery as well as below. He
also rejected the distinction which some gentlemen
liad attempted to draw between salt and fresh water,
and the ebbing and flowing of the tide. All these
distinctions came from England, where they had
no navigable waters above the ebbing and ilowmg
of the tide; and because the waters were not navi-
gable in fact, they were not regarded so in law. If
the common law had had its birth in this country,
where we have rivers and lakes thousands of miles
long, furnishing safer and better navigation than
the ocean, do you think that those rivers and lakes
would not have been regarded navigable by law as
well as in fact? The law should always conform
to the fact, according to the good old maxim, that
when the reason for the law ceases, the law itself
ceases. All distinctions between the right to pro-
tect commerce on the rivers, lakes, and the ocean,
must be repudiated. There is no reason for such a
distinction, and the very suggestion of it is odious
from its palpable injustice. We must meet the broad
question boldly, whether Congress has the right,
under the Constitution, to protect commerce on
our navigable ivaters ? and if so, it must apply to all
alike. The West will never submit to an odious
and unjust discrimination, which lavishes millions
on the seaboard, and excludes the lakes and rivers
from all participation. They must all be placed on
the same footing, and share alike in the favors and
burdens of government.
Mr. D. said he had no desire to see extravagant
appropriations made. He was willing to couiiue
them within reasonable limits. He did not wish
to enlaige the powers of the Federal Government
by construction, nor to invade the rights of the
States. He was for the good old Democratic doc-
trine of strict construction. One of thefirst speeches
he ever made in this Hal! was against the right of
the Federal Government to prosecute a system of
roads and canals, and internal improvements in
the States. He held to the same doctrine yet, but
he was not willing to rush on extremes, to deprive
government of its usefulness.
Mr. D. said he would like to see the bill refer-
red to the Committee on Commerce, with the view
of modifying it in such a shape as to obviate the
President's objections, and receive his signature.
The SPEAKER said it would not be m order to
amend the bill; that it must be passed or rejected
as it stood.
Mr. DOUGLASS said, then, he should vote on
the bill as he did originally, not discovering any-
thing in the message to change his opinions.
In the course of the remarks of Mr. Douglass,
Mr. BOYD rose to a point of order. He dis-
liked to interfere with the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Douglass.] In the first place, he (Mr. B.)
understood that the motion of the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Dkomgoole] was now pending.
The SPEAKER, (Mr. HorKiNs, pro tern.) The
Chair understands the immediate question before
the House to be the motion of the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Dkomgoole,] which is equivalent
to a motion to postpone until to-morrow.
Mr. BOYD. I further inquire, whether on this
motion it will be in order to discuss the whole
merits of the bill ?
The SPEAKER said it was very difficult for the
Chair to limit the range of debate on a motion to
postpone.
Mr. BOYD. I have no wish to disturb the pro-
ceedings of the House. But I wish the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Douglass] would allow me to
make a simple proposition, which I do nofttesire
to accompany with any remarks. It is, that the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Dromgoole] would
so modify his motion as to provide that the mes-
sage should be printed, and that the House should
agree to take it up to-morrow and consider it.
Mr. DROMGOOLE modified his motion so as
to add " and that in the meantime the objections
of the President against the same becoming a law
be printed."
Mr. Yv F.NTWORTH moved to amend the mo-
tion as modified, so as to direct the printing of the
estimates of the War Department, recommending
these very works now vetoed.
Mr. DOUGLASS here resumed and concluded
his remarks, (as above.)
Mr. JAMES THOMPSON said he had heard
with astonishment the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Dkomgoole] speak of the thrill of pleasure
he experienced on hearing the reading of the veto
message. Mr. T. said he could not understand
the moral constitution of the man who could thus
feel—who could experience a thrill of delight to
hear denied the great principles of policy estab-
lished by the founders of the Government, and
sustained and supported by our greatest and best
men. For his part, he felt a very different senti-
ment—he felt the deepest regret. The veto, as he
understood it, denied the whole power asserted by
this bill—the power to improve the harbors on the
lakes, or to remove obstructions in rivers. He
would call upon the West to oppose this veto, be-
cause, if its doctrines b"e sustained, it puts an end
forever to all such measures. He would call upon
gentlemen on this side of the House steadily to
maintain their position on this subject. The veto,
as he understood it, denied the constitutionality of
the measure, excepting for objects on the seacoast.
It covered the whole ground of opposition to im-
provements such as are in the bill. This seemed
to him strange. The President had sent into the
House with his Annual Message estimates for the
construction of most all of these very works now
declared unconstitutional by this veto. He said
lie had relied on these official estimates as the
views of the Administration, and now they are
to be disregarded. He had been informed that
these very estimates, sent in from the department,
had been submitted to, and approved by, the Presi-
dent. Why does he disregard them now? In
addition to all this, he would like to know if the
President had not expressed to certain members
of tills House his approbation of this billf He
would call on the chairman of the Committee on
Commerce [Mr. McClelland] to say whether he
had not called on the President in regard to it, and
learned his approval of it? He said he desired a
reply.
Mr. McCLELLAND did not answer.
Mr. THOMPSON said, if the gentleman did not
answer, he would assert the fact to be so. And
he said he would also call on the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Constable] to know if he, too,
had not called on the President, and received a
satisfactory answer.
Mr. PAYNE interposed, and wished to know
whether the gentleman from Pennsylvania wished
to be understood as saying that the chairman of
the Committee on Commerce [Mr. AIcClei i.Avn]
took this bill to the President of the United States,
or that the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Constable] took this bill to the President of the
United States, exhibited it to him, item by item,
and that the President of the United States assented
to their correctness ?
Mr. THOMPSON said he asked the question,
if he had not called on the President in regard to
the bill.
Mr. THURMAN rose to a point of order, and
raised the point that it was not in order to refer to
conversations with the President.
The SPEAKER overruled the point of order.
Mr. McCLELLAND said he did not understand
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Thomp-
son] as the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Payne]
seemed to have understood him—to inquire whether
he (Mr. McC.) did not present this hill, or its
different items, to the President of the United
State. Now, he would state that he did not con-
sider himself bound, nor did he consider it proper,
here, to state any conversation that had taken
place between the President of the United States
and himself in regard to this matter. He consid-
ered all the communications he had had with, the
President of the United States in relation to this
subject as confidential. He woilld state though,
so far as that was concerned, that at any consulta-
tion he had had with the President he had not the
bill with him.
Mr. CONSTABLE (Mr. T. further yielding)
remarked that he was very much surprised at the
question of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, as
he had no intimation of his purpose to ask it; and
that so far from that gentleman's having received
any such information from him, they had never
exchanged a word upon the subject; but that since
the general form of the question proposed to the
gentleman from Michigan, and repeated to him,
had forced from him a disclaimer, he felt bound
now to say that he had never seen the bill until it
was introduced into the House, and knew nothing
of its items, not being a member of the committee.
Some considerable time before the bill was report-
ed, he had exchanged a few words with th'e Presi-
dent upon a single matter connected with the sub-
ject of this bill, during which the President had
made a remark from which lie (Mr. C.) had infer-
red that the President was friendly to the iteip, and
he still so believed, as there was nothing in the
veto message, as he understood it, inconsistent with
the inference he had drawn from the remark of the
President. So far from his having conferred with
the President upon this bill, either before or after
its passage, he had but a single interview with him,
and that was entirely confined to an item which
was not included in the bill reported by the com-
mittee.
Mr. McCLELLAND further said, he wished
to say that he positively and unequivocally de-
clined to give any answer to the inquiry the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Thompson] had
put.
A member (to Mr. Thompsom.) You ought to
withdraw the imputation.
Mr. THOMPSON, (continuing,) said he had
made no imputation; he only asked a question. If
there was any imputation in the question, he could
not avoid it.
A member. You are bound in honor to with-
draw the imputation, because it is not proved.
Mr. THOMPSON said- he would leave that to
the House, whether proved or not. If a witness
will not answer, we all know what the inference
is. As to his honor, he said he knew how to take
care of that; he would protect it in his own way.
He said that Colonel Abert's report was submitted
to the House in regard to the great majority of
these improvements, and he understood from that
officer that the matter had been submitted to the
President, and it had received his approval. He
asked why all this, if all the time he had consti-
tutional doubts and difficulties? Was it with a
view to other matters?—to other measures? Was
he silent in relation to this bill, on account of
another measure? Another thing he would state
that was strange: The " Union" had come oTit the
day before the final vote in the House on the tariff
in favor of this bill, then in the hands of the Presi-
dent; the day after, it came out against it!
A member: The editor explained that.
Mr. THOMPSON said he had seen the expla-
nation. It was a poor excuse. Did he not know
his own editorial' And did he not read his own
revises ? But whether or not the fact was so, the
explanation came after the tariff bill was passed.
I He said gentlemen seemed surprised at his remarks.
> He claimed the right, as an independent man, to
i say whatever he thought it his duty to say, even if
| in terms of disapprobation. What! a constituent
i not a right to speak freely of his representative—
i to disapprobate him if he believes he deserves it?
! He said he had labored hard to elect Mr. Polk,
| and he would support him when he v. as right; but
J he knew of no responsibility that would deter him
i from making such comments in regard to his course
j as he believed himself justified m making, and
. condemning him if he believed him wrong. He
! said he conceived it extraordinary, that with all
• the evidence showing the President's acquiescence
