THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
29th Congress, 1st Session.
in the works provided for in this bill, that at the
same time he denied the power of Congress to make
such improvements, and that no intimation of it
was ever given until this time. He did not wish
to be misunderstood. He was not going to come
out against the President, as such, notwithstand-
ing the interests of his own State were almost in
ruins hy an act of Congress sanctioned by him.
He would support him when he thought him right,
and condemn him when he thought him wrong.
He repeated, he did not wish to be misrepresented.
As he would misrepresent no one, he would per-
mit no one to misrepresent him. The veto he was
opposed to. No more works on the lakes and rivers
could be completed under such views; no more
could be undertaken, and those in progress must
go to ruin. To He one winter exposed in an un-
finished state, as at present, would, on the lakes
alone, insure a loss of $,200,000; and if suspended
during the existence of this Administration, would
be utterly useless. After a vote by so large a ma-
jority of this House in favor of the bill, and more
than two-thirds of the Senate, it required courage
to veto the bill; and this, too, when the veto rests
upon an abstraction to whiclj "Washington, Jeffer-
son, Madison, Monroe, Jackson, Van Buren,and
Mr. Polk himself, I might say, was opposed—
one that must ruin the commerce of the lakes and
rivers, by putting an end to their improvement.
In conclusion, he would appeal to the West to
stand by the bill: to New York, surrounded as
she is by important works provided for in it, not
to yield up their interests so long approved of; and
to gentlemen oil this side of the House who voted
for the bill, not to let any desire to see an inflic-
tion in a certain quarter prevent them from voting
for the bill.
Mr. WILMOT said:
Mr. Speaker: I rise, sir, for the purpose of giv-
ing my cordial approval to the course the President
has seen fit to pursue upon this subject. I opposed
this bill in every s:age of its passage through this
House. The President would not have met the
expectations of the party that elevated him to
power, had he given his sanction to this bill. Ill
this act he lias proved hmiself a man of firmness
and nerve, worthy of the high confidence reposed
in him by the republican party.
I regard as fraught with imminent danger the
vast scheme of interna! improvement marked out
in this bill. It passed this House by a combina-
tion of interests—by uniting the local and sectional
interests of different portions of the country in one
common cause—by a system of downright log-
rolling. if this Government embarks in a vast
scheme of internal improvements, there is no hu-
man foresight that can see where it will end. It
will increase with the growth of a giant. In a few
years, it will extend and spread itself over the
whole Confedeiacy, requiring millions upon mil-
lions to feed and sustain it. Our legislation will
degenerate into a mere scramble for money to feed
the greedy and insatiate appetite of sectional and
selfish interests. Hud I held the fate of this bill
in my hands on its passage through the House, I
could have obtained any amount of appropriation
to an object howevet local in its character, for the
purpose of insuring its success. Yes, sir; I could
have demanded anil received any appropriation of
hundreds of thousands of dollars to make the Sus-
quehanna navigable for steamboats to the New
York line. In this way it is that these bills are
framed and passed. A sum is given to this harbor
to secure certain support; another sum to that, to
gain additional strength; and so on, until sufficient
interests have been combined to pass the bill. I
blame not gentlemen who vote for this measure.
I know the power of local interests, and how hard
it is for representatives to stand up against them.
It is possible, sir, if I had pressing upon me a con-
stituency deeply interested in the success of this
bill, that I, too, should yield to their wishes, and
give it my support. But my constituents are only
interested in being compelled to bear their share of
the expense.
We have seen in my own State the bitter fruits
of this log-rolling system. Pennsylvania embark-
75
FRIDAY, AUGUST 7, I84G:
ed in a magnificent and noble enterprise of internal
improvement—one which is an honor and a credit
to her people. Had it been economically conduct-
ed, and confined to objects of acknowledged gen-
eral and State interest, all would have been well,
and that great Commonwealth would not at this
day have been groaning under the weight of her
public, burdens. Project followed project—one rail-
road and canal succeeded another, until eveiy sec-
tion became clamorous to share in itsdirect benefits.
To succeed with proper objects, it became neces-
sary to carry all along. Contracts were let to
political favorites and partisans, who enriched
themselves upon the public treasure, until the Slate
Government became the great dispenser of wealth,
and our people stimulated almost to madness in the
chase for patronage and favors. This log-rolling
system has done much to lower the tone and cor-
rupt the political morals of our people. It taught
a large class to look to the State for support and
riches, instead of relying upon the honest and slow
earnings of industry.
Sir, I am not the champion of the Executive on
this floor. I aspire to no such position. There
certainly are no reasons personal to myself that
would induce me to seek such conspicuous grounds.
I am not as frequent a visiter at the White House
as many others, and I am confident that no man's
visits have been less profitable; but, sir, when the
President boldly, in the face of strong sectional in-
terests, stands upon high principle, as in this veto,
I shall stand by and sustain him. Sir, this veto is
Jacksoninn in "its character, and the democracy of
the country will approve it. I hear much said
about this one-man power; for what I know not,
unless it is to bring the veto into disrepute. I re-
gard the veto as one of the great conservative pow-
ers of the Constitution, and trust in God that it may
ever be preserved. It is a little remarkable that
every important veto that has emanated from a
Democratic Executive has been sustained by the
people. This, too, sir, will be sustained.
Mr. I. E.HOLMES referred to the length of
time (some eight months') during which they had
been in session, and to the blasting influence which
the passage of this bill into a law would have had,
after the glorious deeds which they had consum-
mated; and said it was really refreshing to have an
Executive who, in spite of all the clamors with
which not only his opponents, but a large portion
of those who came into this Hall upon principles
necessarily involving enmity to internal Mbrove-
ments and extravagance, would assail mill for
till owing himself upon principle, and doing a deed,
as he dad clone this day, which showed him to have
nerve, and fit to be at the head of this confederated
empire, able and willing to throw back the waves
of extravagance which "tended to destroy the ener-
gies and liberties of the people.
° Was the party with which he acted the Demo-
cratic party par excellence? Was^it a paity of
principle? And if it was a party ol principle, he
asked with what face they could rise on this floor
and reprobate the veto which supported that very
principle on which the Baltimore Convention acted,
[a laugh,] and which the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania attended.
" [A voice. Did you take part in the proceedings
of that convention ?] .
I was not m the Baltimore Convention, (said Mr.
H.) We of South Carolina held that the formal
declaration of our creed was unnecessary, and the
reason is obvious; it is founded on the eternal
principles of free trade, the peace of the country,
and democracy for the benefit of the whole-—not a
part, the North and West. He stated distinctly,
that if the Democratic party intended to stand to-
gether, they must not divide olf in this manner
win never there comes a local question of harbors
and rivers, and improvements at each man's door.
What was this Government ? It was a Confedera-
cy to do what the States individually cannot do;
and had the idea been entertained that they were
to do what any State could' do, the South never
■ would have entered into it, which under this sys-
! tem would create a central action, like the sun in
j mid heaven, drawing the whole moisture from the
New Series No. 75.
South, and throwing it upon the North and West.
They came into this Confederation to do equal jus-
tice to all, particular favors to none. But this sys-
tem, if carried out, would give to the North and
West additional expenditures to those already
drawn from the South, and which they, by pro-
ducing the largest amount of export, which was
the basis of import, furnished the ability to pay.
They had given peace to the country by doing
justice on the Oregon question; or, if not peace, a
glorious struggle between monopoly and liberty.
Let it come. Sir, we have burst the hastile of
restriction, and unfettered the energies of the peo-
ple; and let us now stop, by that veto and the sus-
taining thereof, this extravagance of expenditure,
that we may return to our constituents with the
consolation that we have done what our fathers
intended when they made this Government, and
designed it to be one of universal blessings, not of
particular curses.
Mr. BRODHEAD next obtained the floor, and
said he would sustain the veto of the President,
because the gentlemen from the West, who are
principally interested in the measure, had stricken
down the revenue policy which provides the means.
They cannot come here, and, by their course upon
the tariff, deprive the treasury of the means and
then clamor for appropriations to improve their
harbors and rivers. They retused to go with their
true friends when the tariff bill was before the
House, and he therefore regarded the veto as a
measure of just retribution. He could not under-
stand why the Secretary of War should recom-
mend the appropriations in the manner stated by
his colleague, [Mr. Thompson,] and then, when
Congress complies with his request, the President
should disapprove of the act. That involved a
degree of inconsistency which others might ex-
plain. He agreed with his colleague, that the
opposition to this measure should have been indi-
cated at nil earlier day; and if it had, lie ventured
to say that the tariff hill never would have passed
this House. He invited western gentlemen to cut
loose from what is called southern democracy, and
to go with their true friends from the northern and
middle States.
Mr. TIBBATTS regretted veryrmuch the ne-
cessity which brought "him to address the House
at this time and upon this subjcct; and in what he
had to say he should treat the President with that
proper respect which was due him, and which he
owed also to the members of this House. He" to-
tally disagreed with the President in his veto mes-
sage not in those principles 111 which he declares
our Government to be a Government of specially
delegated powers, but in the application of those
principles to the bill. And he begged leave to call
the attention of the House to the message of the
President itself, because he must confess, notwith-
standing the rumors floating through the c.ity for a
week past in relation to the veto of this bill, it had
come as a matter of surprise to him; and lie would
say to his colleague, [Mr. IJoyd,] who had taken
occasion to thank the President for this veto, that,
so.far as the interests of the western country were
concerned, he thanked him for an act which, if Mr.
T. understood their interests and feelings, would
be a source of grief to many a meieliant and trader,
and of wailing to many a widow and orphan.
Mr. T. caused to be read an extract from the
message of the President, calling attention to " the
condition of the public works," referred to in the
report of the Secretary of War, &c., and extracts
from that report, recommending divers works, a
part of which were contained in this bill.
Tf Mr T. understood the point of this message,
the President admitted the constitutionality of
appropriations for harbors on the sea; and of the
appropriations for lake harbors contained in the
bill, all but five were recommended by the Presi-
dent himself (for he took it for granted that the
President recommended them in recommending the
report of his Secretary to the consideration of Con-
gress.) Ho therefore said be was surprised at this
veto, because Congress and the country had a right
to suppose he would sanction a bill containing ap-
propriations thus recommended by himself.
