1188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 4,
Mr. SIMMON'S hereupon resumed his seat, and
the discussion ceased.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
By Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on
the Militia: Asking' to be disharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the petition in relation to the
organization and equipment of the militia of the
Oregon territory.
Also, from the same committee, asking to be dis-
charged from the memorials of the Legislature of
New York, and the report of the Secretary of War
of the 3d February, in relation to the militia of the
States and Territories; all of which were concur-
red in.
By Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Military
Affairs: House bill, without amendment, making
appropriations for certain defensive works 5f the
United States for the fiscal year ending on the 3d
June, 1847.
By Mr. PEARCE, from the Committee on
Pensions: House bill for the relief of Catharine Pul-
ton, of "Washington county, Pennsylvania, without
amendment, and recommending that it be indefi-
nitely postponed.
This bill was accompanied by a detailed report;
which was ordered to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, the following
House bills, without amendment, and recommend-
ing that they be indefinitely postponed:
An act for the relief of George'Ronsh;
An act for the relief of Jonathan Brown;
An act for the relief of Polly Dameron.
Also, from the same committee, asking to be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the fol-
lowing petitions:
The petition of Hector and John Butler;
The petition of Robert Armstrong;
The petition of Eliza Buchanan;
The petition of N. Nye Hall;
The petition of William Miller;
The petition of the legal representatives of Sam-
uel C. Montgomery;
The petition of William De Courcy.
Mr. DAVIS, in pursuance of leave, introduced
a joint resolution authorizing the Secretary of War
to adjust by arbitration a controversy between the
United States and David Ames.
BILL TO REMIT DUTY ON RAILROAD IRON.
Mr. EVANS said he should once more move,
as the opportunity now afforded, to take up the
bill to remit duties which have been paid or have
accrued upon the importation of railroad iron in
certain cases. He expressed a desire to have the
bill taken up and disposed of; and as this was prob-
ably the last effort that he would be able to make,
he hoped it might be successful.
Mr. BENTON gave notice to the Senate that
he should make it a point to oppose all attempts
hereafter to take bills out of their appropriate order
on the calendar, with the exception of the appro-
priation bills, or others of grave public import.
As for this mode of picking bills out of their order
to suit the convenience of Senators, he was utterly
opposed to the proceeding. A s soon as the appro-
priation bills were disposed of, he should move to
proceed with the calendar, and take such bills only
as could be disposed of after prompt explanations;
that, where they were likely to lead to debate, the
sense of the Senate should be tested on their merits
by moving to lay them on the table. He thought
that m this daily struggle to take bills out of their
legitimate places, more time was lost unnecessarily
than if they proceeded according to the calendar.
The question having been taken on Mr. Evans's
motion to take up the bill, it was decided in the
affirmative: Yeas 24, nays 15.
The bill to remit the duties on certain railroad
iron was then taken up; and having been read—
_ Mr. EVANS rose and entered into an explana-
tion of the object of the bill. It was, he said, in-
tended to remit the duties which had accrued upon
importations of railroad iron already laid down, or
which was ready to be laid down. The policy of
admitting this iron fiee of duty had been com-
menced as early as 1832-'3, for the encourag#nent
of the construction of railways. He thought it
was a very wise policy, and one which had oper-
ated very beneficially by greatly increasing the
number of railroads throughout the country. The
policy had continued so long- that the States and
inaividuals had a right to expect that, unless the
state of the treasury called for a different policy,
it would continue to be pursued. Many of the
States, encouraged by this policy on the part of
the General Government, had entered into works
of this description; contracts had been made abroad
for iron, and funds had been provided for the pros-
ecution and completion of long lines of railroad,
without any expectation that the policy would be
interfered with by the imposition of duty on rail-
road iron. In the embarrassments which occurred
in the years 1837-'8-'9, a great many of the States
were obliged to suspend their works; and this sus-
pension occasioned a failure to comply with the
law, which required the iron to be laid down with-
in three years after it was imported. This bill
was intended to meet such cases. The committee
which reported this bill considered it nothing more
than just and proper that the expectation so natu-
rally entertained that the policy would be pre-
served, should not be disappointed. He regarded
this sort of iron in the light of raw material, be-
cause it gave occasion for the employment of labor.
There had been, he believed, one hundred and fifty
millions of dollars expended in the construction of
railroads in this country, from which outlay, the
Government itself had reaped no small advantage,
whilst all that had been contributed by the Gov-
ernment was the remission of duty upon the iron,
which was equal, perhaps, altogether, to about
five millions of dollars. He maintained that the
Government had done too little towards a descrip-
tion of works from which the whole community
derived incalculable advantages.
Mr. DICKINSON" moved an additional provis-
ion, so as to embrace iron which might hereafter
be imported for the construction of railroads.
And thereupon a debate ensued, in which Messrs.
DAYTON, SIMMONS, CALHOUN, CAME-
RON, CASS, and BAGBY participated.
A motion by Mr. BAGBY to lay the bill upon
the table, was negatived, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alien, Ashley, AtehKon, Atherton, Bag-
bv, Benton, Breeze, Jhurht, Cameinn. Oa^s. fhivton, Dix,
Fairfield, Hannegan, Houston,Miller,Niles, Seinple, Sevier,
Stm^eon, ami Tnrney—*22.
NAYS—Mcs«rs. A'iclicr, Bairow. Berrien. Calhoun, Cil-
ley, John M. Clajton, Thomas Olajton, Colquitt, Corvvin,
Davis8, Dickinson, Evans, Greene, Jarnaum, Johnson of
Louisiana, Johnson of Maryland. Lewis, MeDuffie, Man-
gum, Phelps. Simmons, Speiaht, Upham, Webster, Wood-
bridge, and Yulee—26.
The debate was further continued by Messrs.
EVANS, ALLEN, BERRIEN, ATHERTON,
and ARCHER.
And the question being taken on Mr. Dickin-
son's amendment, it was negatived. !
Further amendments were proposed by Messrs. j
JOHNSON of Louisiana, ASHLEY, and MIL- !
LER.
Mr. MILLER addressed the Senate in support i
of his amendment, and in opposition to the pro- '
visions of the bill as it stood. I
The question being taken on the amendments, j
they were negatived, and the bill was ordered to '
be engrossed, by yeas and nays, as follows: j
YEAS—Archer, Eairow, Br-nien, Calhoun, j
Chalmeiv, John ?rT. Clajton, Thomas Clayton, Colquitt, '
Corvvm, Evan*, Greene, Jamarriri. Johnson of Louisiana, ,
Johnson of Maiylaml, Lewi"?, McDufhe, Mancann, Phelps, j
Ftinn>on«, Speight, fjpliam, Webster, Woodbiidse, and i
Yuh><>—24. ~ !
NA\S—Metals. Allen, Ashley, Alhetfon. B.urby, Benton, j
Bueht. Cameron, Cass, Cilley, Da}ton, Dickin>o,i, Dix, ;
Fail field, Ilanntsjaiu Houston. Miller, Niles, Scniplc, Se- i
vier, Stuigeon, and Tutney—21. i
CIVIL AKD DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS. !
Mr. LEWIS moved to procced to the consider- i
ation of the bill making appropriations for the civil
and diplomatic expenses of the Go\eminent; ;
which motion having been agreed to—
Mr. BENTON moved to amend the bill by add- i
ing an item of some **,300,000 to pay the claims of
citizens of the United States for indemnities by
Mexico. :
This proposition led to a protracted discussion, '
in which Messrs. BERRIEN, NILES, C -,SS,
McDUFFIE, JOHNSON of Maryland, EVANS, !
and others participated; when the question having
been taken on its adoption, it was decided in the '
negative: Yeas 38, nays 23. j
Mr. LEWIS moved to amend the bill by in-
serting a clausc to make permanent certain clerks !
for the statistical bureau m the State Department:
but after a brief discussion, in which Messrs.
NILES, LEWIS, EVANS, STURG EON, CAL-
HOUN, and others, participated, the proposition
was defeated.
Mr. LEWIS moved further io amend the bill
by adding $4,000 for the additional salary of cer-
tain judges in the States of Missouri, Arkansas,,
and other States, &c.; which motion was as^reed to.
Mr. L. moved further to amend the bill by in-
serting an item of $4,500 as an outfit to Arthur
Middleton, Esq., while acting as Charge d'Affaires
at Madrid, in Spain.
This motion, after a brief discussion, in which
Messrs. EVANS, McDUFFIE, JOHNSON of
Maryland, LEWIS, and others, participated, was
decided in the negative: Yeas 16, nays 21.
Mr. CRITTENDEN moved to amend by fixing
the salaries of Professor Espy and clerk at $3,000.
This amendment was opposed by Mr. BEN-
TON in a few brief remarks, which were replied
to by Mr. CRITTENDEN.
The amendment was adopted on a division:
j Ayes 31, noes not counted.
Mr. CRITTENDEN also moved an amend-
ment in relation to the appropriation for marine
hospitals, which was agreed to.
And on motion of Mr. McDUFFIE, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness, and, after a short time spent therein, ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, August 4, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday having been read—•
Mr. HUNT, of Michigan, and Mr. E. B.
HOLMES, moved that it be .so corrected in relation
to their votes on the resolution giving compensa-
tion to the officers of the House, as to be in con-
formity with the fact which they stated-*-the Jour-
nal as it stood being now incorrectly made up.
The Journal was amended accordingly.
The effect of the amendment was to change
the result of the vote, so that the resolution, the
Speaker announced, stood passed.
The Journal was then approved.
THE VETO.
The SPEAKER announced the unfinished busi-
ness to be the bill making appropriations for the
improvement of certain harbors and rivers, which
had been returned to this House, in which it origi-
nated, by the President, with his objections.
Mr. BAYLY approved of this veto. Its doc-
trines, in his opinion, were sound. They placed the
President, if he did not stand there before, on the
ground of our most orthodox republicans, and his
construction of the Constitution rescued the clause
which gave to Congress the power to regulate com-
merce, from the sweeping character which the in-
genuity of politicians had endeavored to place upon
it. He referred to the debates in the convention to
show that the term commerce was used synony-
mously with trade, and that this clause referred to
the business of commerce, and not to the medium
of transit. He maintained that Congress had no
md¥e authority under this clause to construct in-
ternal improvements, than to flirnish shipping.
But not only was the power to enter into a system
of internal improvements not given in the Consti-
tution, but it was asked for and refused: and yet it
was attempted by politicians to create this power
by implication. He referred to the inherent in-
: equalities, injustice, and paitiality of the system,
! which he said placed it in utter and irreconcilable
i conflict with the spirit of the Constitution, of which
throughout all its provisions uniformly was a stri-
; king feature. This bill was a striking instance of
1 the partiality of this system: appropriating nearly
one and a half millions of dollars, the whole South,
contributing more than any other section, received
but ^30,000, for Savannah harbor.
j Having disposed of the constitutional argument,
Mr. B. briefly adverted to the obvious considera-
tions which rendered it inexpedient, especially
under the General Government. It had resulted
disastrously m the Stales, where, however, it was
, confined by far greater restrictions, direct taxation,
local knowkdgo, &<\; but if entered upon by this
Government in ilie absence of these restraints, and
with the stimulus of the tariff system which profited
by all these expenditures, no man could tell where
it would end.
He next proceeded to reply to objections to the
veto of gentlemen ho had preceded him. He
argued, in reply to Mr. Thompson, of Pennsyl-
vania, that the sending of the estimates by the Sec-
retary of War did not preclude the President from
