1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1189
the free exercise of his discretion upon the bill.
The Secretary acted on his own responsibility, in
sending tlie estimates to Congress. In addition,
tfie President knew, and the Secretary knew, that
this subject had frequently been under the consid-
eration of Congress; that it was one upon which
they might act in spite of the opinions and the veto
of the President, by a majority of two-thirds of
both branches of Congress. And what was he to
do? Was the Secretary to furnish them no esti-
mates ?
Again: the gentleman says, if he intended to veto
this bill, why did he not previously inform Con-
gress of it? If he had done it, (Mr. B. said,) we
should have heard nothing but one burst of indig-
nation and clamor against Executive interference
with the legislation of the country, from one end of
the country to the other. Beside, he referred to
various passages in the message of the President,
and in the report of the Secretary, from which the
implication was fair and direct of opposition to
this system of internal improvements.
Having incidentally touched upon and replied to
certain other remarks of Mr. Thompson, he next
Sroceeded to notice certain of the positions of Mr.
iRfSKERHopp. The gentleman said that in his
canvass, when it had been charged that the Demo-
cratic party were opposed to this system, he had
denied it. Where did he get the right ? Mr. B.
wished to know. Why did he not tell his con-
stituents what were Mr. Polk's sentiments ? Why
not refer them to Mr. Polk's report in 1831 on the
subject of internal improvements, in which he took
as strong ground against the system as in the pres-
ent message?
He alluded to the remarks of Mr. Douglass
yesterday, and argued to show an inconsistency
between the position laid down by that gentleman
against a system of internal improvements, and his
vote in favor of this bill.
In reply to the remarks of Mr. Brinkerhoff in
favor of a sparing exercise of the veto power, he
defended that power as one of the most important
conservative and republican features of the Consti-
tution. He argued that it was little liable to abuse;
nothing but motives of the sternest duty could
ever induce its exercise, and by it bringing the
Executive into conflict with Congress. There
never had been a veto but was sustained warmly
by the people; and, instead of its being used more
sparingly, he would like to see it more frequently
brought into exercise.
He had understood the gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Kixg] yesterday, to say that this was a
cabinet measure, and tiiat it was an afterthought
to veto it. He desired to give the gentleman an
opportunity of informing the House on what
authority the statetnent was made.
Mr. K1XG said the gentleman had misunder-
stood him. He had made no such statement, but
merely addressed the inquiry to that effect to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Thompson.]
He had heard such a rumor, but on no particular
authority, and he had asked the question merely.
He further stated the reasons why he had supposed
it probable that the estimates of the Secretary of
War had undergone a Cabinet consultation.
Mr. BAYLY was very glad that the gentleman
had really no authority for such a statement. He
utterly denied that there was any foundation for it.
Mr. KING repeated that he had not made the
statement.
Mr. BAYLY acquiesced in the explanation, and
repeated his gratification at it.
Mr. TIBBATTS (Mr. B. yielding at request)
desired to offer the following- amendment to the
amendment of Mr. Wentworth to the resolution
of Mr. Dromgoole, (which amendment of Mr.
W. provided for certain printing additional to the
message:)
With the bill as reported by the Committee on Commerce,
and the amendments adopted by the House—with that part
of the Presid-nt's Message at page 25, beginning at tile
words "I refer,"'to the words <- national interest," inclu-
sive ; that part of the report of the Secretary of War begin-
ning at the words «the report from," at .page 202, to the
words repeated instances," at page 204, inclusive; that
part of the report of the chief of Topographical Engineers,
beginning with the words" river and harboriinprovements,"
at pagesyi, to the figures '-2,861,964 39," at page 391, inclu-
sive ; that part of the latter of the Secretary of-the Treasiuy
of the 4ih December, 1345, (H. Doc. No. 9,) commencing at
the words harbors arid rivers," &e., at page 41, to the fig-
ures '• 60,U03," at page 43, inclusive.
Mr. WENT WORTH accepted the amendment,
and modified his proposition accordingly.
Mr. BAYLY resumed and concluded, by a fur-
ther brief reference to the complaint of Mr.
Douglass, that the President had not designated
the items in the bill of which he would approve.
He reviewed the message in reference to this point,
arguing that it was clear and explicit in its terms,
and yielded on this point to an explanation by
Mr. D.
Mr. B. having concluded,
Mr. LIGON obtained the floor. He was under-
stood (though scarcely heard on the left of the
chair) to say, that at this late stage of the session,
he was satisfied no good could result from a pro-
tracted discussion on this subject. Other matters
were pressing upon the consideration of Congress.
He therefore moved the previous question.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a point of order. Is
it in order for one Whig to be permitted to take
part m this discussion ?
Mr. WENTWORTH. Yes; or one Democrat?
Mr. SCHENCK. From the West?
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON. Vote down the pre-
vious question, and then you can speak.
The question was taken (by tellers) on the
demand for the previous question, and the vote
stood-—ayes 82, noes 58.
So there was a second.
Mr. WENTWORTH inquired of the Chair
whether a motion for a call of the House would be
in order?
The SPEAKER said no; it was too late, the
previous question having been seconded.
The question then being on ordering the main
question,
Mr. SCHENCK asked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered, and, being taken, (after some con-
versation as to the effect of the vote,) resulted as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Arnold, Atkinson, Bellinger,
Benton, Burgs, James jilack, James A. 151.u k. Bowlm,
Biockenbrou^n, Brodhead, Reuben Chapman, Chase, Clup-
irian, Clarke J Cobb, Collin, Constable, Cranston, Cullom,
Culver, Daniel, De Mott, Dixon, Doldnn, Diomgoole, Dim-
lap, Edsali, Ellsworth, Kidman, Fieklin, Foster, Garvin,
Gantry, Biddings, Giles, Goodyear, Goidon, Gnnuell, Ham-
lin, Hampton. Haralson, Harmanson, Henley, Hoge, Isaac
E. Holmes, Hopkins, Hougll, John W. Houston, Geoige
S. Houston, Edmund W. Hubard, Samuel D. Hubbard,
James B. Hunt, Hunter, James H. Johnson, Joseph John-
son, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Weaboin Jones,
Kaufman, Presion Kuie, Jjawience, Leake, Leib, Levin,
Ligon. Lumpkin, Macliv, McClean, McClelland, McCler-
liaiid, MeConncil, McCiatf, Joseph J. McDowell, James
McDowell, MeJivaine, McKay, Mai.-Il, Moise, Moulton,
Noil is, Owen, Pamsii, Payne, Periy, Phelps, Pilisbury,
Had, Relfe, Rhett, Ritter, Roberts, John A. Rockwell,
Root, Sawtelle, Sawyer, Scammon, Seaman, Seddon,
Alexander D. Suns, Leonard H. Suns, Simpson, Albert
Smith, Thomas Smith, Stanton, Strong, Sykes, Thibo-
deaux, Bemamin Thompson, Thurman, Toombs, Towns,
Tiedway, Wheaton, Williams, Wilmot, Woodwaid, Wood-
worth, lind Yost—1)9.
NAYS—Mcs*k. Abbott, Stephen Adams, Ashmun, Bar-
nn ei, Bayly, Bell, Blanchard, Boyd, Bmt, William W.
Campbell, Catheart, Cocke, Ciozicr, Garrett Davis, Dock-
cry John H. Ewirig, Faian, Graham, Gmler, Grover,
Harper, Hilhaid, Ehas li. Holmes, Hudson, Washington
limit, Charles J. Ingeisoll, Joseph R. Ingeisoll, Jenkins,
Thomas Butler King, Lewis, Long, McGaughey, Mc-
Ilenrv, Biukley Martin, Morris, Moseley, Pendleton, Pettit,
Pollock, Rathbun, Julius Rockwell, Runk, Schenck, Sev-
erance, Truman Smith, Caleb B. Smith, St. Jolm, Strohm,
Tliomasson, James Thompson, Tibbatts, Tilden, JUumbo,
Vinton, Wentworth, Wick, Wmtinop, Wright, and Young
—59.
So the House decided that the main question
should now be put. . .
Which main question (the proposition of Mr.
Dromgoole being cut off) was this: _
Shall this bill become a law, the objections ot
the President to the contrary notwithstanding?
i The SPEAKER said the Constitution of the
j United States requires that the yeas and nays shall
| be taken; and the Clerk will call the roll.
| The Clerk called the roll, and the vote resulted as
| follows:
i YEAS—Mcssis. Abbott, John Qjiincy Adams, Arnold,
Ashmun, Blanchaid, Bowlm, Brinkerlioft, Win. W. Camp-
I bell, Jonn II. Campbell, Carroll,Cathcait, John G. Chapman,
I Constable, Cranston, Culver, Garrett Davi--, DcMott, Dixon,
1 Duu«lass, Edsali, Ellsworth, John H. Ewing, Faran, Foot,
I Fo-nei, Giles,Goodyear.Grider,Grinr.ell,.Hampton, Harper,
I Henley, Ehas 13. Holmes, Hough, John W. Houston, Samuel
' D Hubbard, Hudson, Huiigorford, Washington Hunt, James
i B." Hunt^Charles J. Ingersoll, Joseph R. IngersOll, Jenkins,
Daniel P. Km , Thomas Butler King, Leili, Lewis, Levin,
! Li«on, Long. McClelland, Joseph J. McDowelhMcGaughey,
lYlciltorv, Mcllvaine, March, Miller, Morris, Mo elc}■, INiv-
en Pettit, Pollock, ltamsey,Rathbun, Relfe, Julius Rockwell,
John A. Rockwell, Roof, Runk, Schenck, Seaman, Sever-
ance. Truman Smith, Albert Smith, Thomas Smith, Calob
B. rinmh, Stanton, Stewart, St. John, Strohin, ^Uu
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Anderson, Atkinson,
Barringer, Bayly, Bedinger, Benton, Biggs, James Black,
James A. Black, Boyd, Broekenbrough, Brodhead, Burt,
Reuben Chapman, Chase, Clarke, Cobb, Collin, Crozier,
Cullom, Cunningham, Daniel, Dobbin, Dockery, Dromgoole,
Dunlap, Erdnnan, Fieklin, Garvin, Goidon,Oraham, Grover,
Hamlin, Haralson, Harmanson, Hilliaid, Hoge, Isaac B.
Holmes, Hopkins, George S. Houston, Edmund W. Hubaid,
Hunter, James H. Johnson, Joseph Johnson, Andrew John-
son, George W. Jones, Seaborn Jones, Kaufman, Preston
King, Lawrence, Leake, Lumpkin, Maelay, McClean, Mc-
Clemand, MeConnell, McCrate, James McDowell, McKay,
Barklcy Martin, Morse, Moulton, Norris, Owen, Parrish,
Payne, Perry, Phelps, Pilisbury, Iteid, Rhett, Bitter, Roberts,
Sawtelle, Sawyer, Scammon, Seddon, Alexander D. Sims,
Leonard H. Sims, Simpson, Strong, Toombs, Towns,Tred-
way, Wick, Williams, Wilmot, Woodward, Woodworth,
and Yost—91.
So two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, as
required by the Constitution in such cases, the bill
was rejected.
Mr. MARTIN, of Kentucky, before the result
of the vote was announced, addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER put the usual question, " Was
the gentleman within the bar when his name was
called ?"
Mr. MARTIN said he was not; but he asked
the unanimous consent of the House to record his
name. At the time the vote was taken he was ab-
sent on business at the department.
Objection being made—
Mi-. MARTIN gave notice that if he had voted,
he should have voted against tihe bill.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
Mr. HAMLIN offered a resolution in the usual
form, providing that all debate on the bill from the
Senate to provide for the ascertainment and satis-
faction of claims of American citizens for spolia-
tions committed by the French prior to the 31st
day of July, 1801, should terminate in two hours
after it should again have been taken up in com-
mittee.
Mr. I. E. HOLMES suggested one hour.
Mr. HAMLIN modified "the resolution accord-
ingly. ..
Some conversation foil owed between Mr. DROM-
GOOLE and the SPEAKER.
Mr. HAMLIN demanded the previous question
on his resolution.
Some further conversation on a point of order
took place between Mr. BOWLIN and the
SPEAKER.
Mr. COBB desired Mr. IIamlin so to modify
the resolution as to say three hours. The bill ap-
propriated five millions of dollars, and had not
been considered at all in the House.
Mr. HAMLIN did not modify.-.
Mr. COBB moved that the resolution be laid on
the table. ,
Mr. RHETT asked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered; and, being taken, resulted as fol-
lows:
Yeas—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Anderson, Atkinson)
"Rf>Hin<*pr Benton, Bus&s James Black, James A. Black,
Bowlm, Bovd, Brinkeihoff, Broekenbrough, Burt, Reuben
Chapman, Cliipman, Cobb, Collin, Cullom, Cunningham,
Daniel, Dobbin, Dromgoole, Erdman, Fieklin, Garvin, (,or-
rlon Graham, Grover, Haralson, Hoge, Isaac L. Holmes,
Hopkins, George S. Houston, Edmund W. Hubard, Joseph
It Ingersoll, Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W.
Tones Seaborn Jones, Pieston King, Lcakc, Lumpkin, Mc-
Clernand, MeConnell, James McDowell, McKay, John P.
Martin, Barkley Martin, Moi ris, Nori is, Owen, Payne, Reid,
Relfe, Rliett, Rittei, Roberts, Sawyer, Schenck, Seddon,
AlcSnder D. Sims, Leonaid H. Sims, Simpson, Thomas
tmith?Thurman, Towns, Wick, and Woodward-68.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, John Quincy Adams, Arnold,
Ashmun Barini«er, Bayly, Bell, Blanchard, Brodhead, Mil-
foilTown; William W. CampMb John H. Campbell, Car-
roll John G-. Chapman, Chase, Claike, Cocke. Constable,
Cranston, Crozier, Culver, Garrett Davis, De Mott, Dixon,
Dookerv Douglass, Dunlap, Edsali, Ellsworth, John H. Ew-
xn" Foot, Giles, Goodyear, Grumell, Hamlin, Hampton,
in,, r oc I, w _ Hilliard Ehas B. Holmes, John W.
Houston! Samuel D.' Hubbard, Hudson, Hungerfout, Wash-
ington Hunt, James B. Hunt, Jenkins, James H. Johnson,
Kaufman D P. King, Thomas B. King, Lawrence, Leib,
? Tevin Li"on, Long, Maclav, McClean, MeCiate,
Mr.r?,'i! hev™'lcH?my, Mcllvame,Miller,Morse, Moseley,
MoS^iven, pS., Pendleton, Terry, Pilisbury Pol-
lock Ramsey, Rathbun, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rock-
well' Root, Uunk, Sawtelle, Scammon, Seaman, Sevoiancc,
Trnm-m Smith, Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stanton,
snrkweatta, Stewart, St. John, Strohin, Strong, Sykes,
fhTtoSx, Thoinasson, Benj. Thompson, James 1 homp-
iniDoucauA, Toombs, Trambo, Vinton, Went-
woi'th White,' Williams, Wilmot, Winthrop, Wood, Wood-
worth^ Wright, Young, and Yost—US.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
Mr. HAMLIN now wished to modify it so as
to say two hours.
Tlw^question then recurred on the demand for
the previous question, which was seconded.
