1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
is known to have gi-ven way to the base allure-
ments that were held out to them. This brought
down upon them the wrath and vengeance of the
enemy, and dearly did they pay for their patriot-
ism. It was not that vaunting patriotism that so
often exhibits itself here, but it was a deep and
enthusiastic devotion to the liberties of their coun-
try. All hedesired was, that the same spirit mio-ht
actuate those who were now called upon to do jus-
tice to the little remnant of these noble fellows that
have petitioned Congress for the last thirty years
for relief. But to return to the narration: Previous
to and after the massacre and burning of American
prisoners, surrendered to British oificers, by the
Indians in the British service, the aba?idonmen£ of
the remains of Americans killed in the battle, or
rnurdexed after the surrender; the pillage and shoot-
ing of American citizens, and the burning of their
houses after surrendering to the British, under the
guarantee of protection—the citizens of Detroithad
communications with Colonel Proctor, and this
Judge Woodward, one of their number, made
known their grievances and those of the other in-
habitants of the territory. Mr. McC. here directed
the attention of the committee to the following brief
extract from one of Judge Woodward's letters to
Colonel Proctor, bearing date February 2, 1813:
" They (the inhabitants of Michigan) have entertained a
constant apprehension, tiiiit when the Ameucaii forces an-
proached the territory, and when an engagement has taken
place, the fury ot the savage moid at the sight of Wood, and
in reflecting on the dead thoj lose, and p jrhaps ou the retali-
atory treatment of prisoner^ or of the dead, which theireruel
mode of warfare is always likulv to produce, might drive
them to an ignoble revenge on the pri-oners they find in the
country and the inhabitants of it, who are American citi-
zens. They therefore pressed this subject on your attention
previous to tiie battle of the -J.-M of January last, and tclt sat-
isfied with your a^ur-ince, that you considered your own
honor p^dged for their effectual protection.
result of that battle, facts are before theii faces
which the> canuot shut their eye, upon. Some of them are,
perhaps, unknown toyourself. I will enumerate some, which
"° establishing beyond
the reach ot contradiction :
.JIM"- 0f tf'f,.Prjson(!rs, after the capitulation of
the 2 m of January, 1813, have been tomahawked by tnc
SRVftfrP.K. J
"Second. Some of the prisoners, after that capitulation,
have been shot by the savages. *
"Tlard. Some ofthe prisoners, after that capitulation, have
been burnt by the savages.
"Fourth. Some ofthe inhabitants ofthe Territory ofMicli-
tgan, citizens of the United States of America, after tlie ca-
pitulation, have been shot by the savages.
'■'Fifth. The houses of some of the inhabitants of the Ter-
ritory, American citizens, atter the capitulation, have been
burnt by the savage-.
"Sixth. Some ofthe inhabitants, American citizens, after
the capitulation, have been pillaged by the savages.52
Judge Woodward was thereupon requested by
Colonel Proctor to appoint a day for the purpose
of adducing before him such proof as he might
have to substantiate the assertions contained in his
letter, which he did, and produced the most irref-
ragable testimony of every charge he had made.
This is to be found at length in the 5th volume of
Niles's Register, page 123. He would not detain
the committee by reading it. He would, how-
ever, before dismissing this part of the subject,
read an extract from another letter of Judge Wood-
ward, dated February 10, 1813, communicating
these proofs to Colonel Proctor, with a view of
showing what was the real cause of the commis-
sion of the enormities before noticed. He says:
"In communicating your message, Major Muir added
something having relation to American citizens, wiio mi^ht
be willing to take the oath to the king. °
<*It will bs obvious to you, sir, that in a state of open and
declared war, a subject or citizen of one party cannot trans-
fer his allegiance to the other paity without incurring the
penalties ot treason; and while nothing can excuse hid
guilt, ao neither are tao^e innocent who lay temptation be-
fore them.
"The principles adopted by {he United States on the sub-
ject ot expatriation are liberal, but are perfectly inapplicable
to a public enemy in time of war.
" Some of the French inhabitants of the Territory of Mich-
igan, citizens ot die United States of America, have been 1
much urged on this subject, and ate apprehensive of being ;
further troubled." ° j
How easy would it have been for these citizens j
to have saved their lives and preserved their prop-
erty; but they preferred sacrificing both to the :
disgrace and ignominy that would otherwise have '
attached to their names. Of this noble band butfew j
survive, and they have lived long enough to lament :
the ingiatitude of those for whom they were wil- 1
iing to risk everything valuable to them. He !
knew that Colonel Proctor had denied that there !
was any capitulation on the 2&1 of January, and j
asserted that, the prisoners surrendered at discre- i
tion. This was not his belief; but, at all events, !
1191
the law of nations imposed obligations almost as
strong.
These calamities left the people of Michigan,
who had previously been in a most happy and
flourishing condition, so poor and destitute, that
on the 28th of February, 1814, Mr. Madison
deemed it his imperative duty to make a commu-
nication to the Senate and House of Representa-
tives, in which he stated that<£ it had appeared
4 that, at the recovery of the Michigan Territory
'from the _ temporary possession of the enemy,
'the inhabitants thereof were left in so destitute
* and distressed a condition as to require from the
'public stores certain supplies essential to their
1 subsistence, which had been prolonged under the
« same necessity;" and recommended that suitable
provision should be made for them.
For the purpose of exhibiting to the committee
what disposition was made of these claims at the
treaty of Ghent, where the difficulties between the
two Governments were settled, he would direct the
attention of members to a communication made
by the Hon. Mr. Adams, then Secretary of State,
on the 17th December, 1817; to whom, by a reso-
lution of the House of Representatives, the peti-
tion of sundry citizens of Detroit on this subjcct
was referred.
Mr. Adams says:
" The petitioners allege that they have suffered great losses
of property by the violation, on the part of the British forces,
and especially by the Indian savages, then acting as auxil-
iaries under them, of the capitulation by which, on the 16th
of August, 1812, the Territory of Michigan was surrendered
to the British General Brock, one article ot which capitula-
tion stipulated that private persons and property of every
^description should be respected.
"That by this violatio%of the capitulation,the petitioners
acquired a just claim upon the British Government for in-
demnity and satisfaction, which they expected the Govern-
ment of the United States would have pieviuled on that of
Great Britain to make, by paying the petitioners tor all the
losses and damages sustained by them in consequence
thereof.
"That the United States having concluded a treaty of
peace, and subsequently a commercial treaty, with Gteat
Britain, without mention being made of the Territory of
Michigan, or of these claims of the petitioners, they have
thereby lost their claim of redress and indemnity upon the
British Government; but that the obligation of making it
has thereby devolved upon the United States, to whose jus-
tice and liberality they appeal accordingly for remuneration
and payment.
" Extracts from the documents upon the rccords of the
Department of State are herewith annexed, serving to show
the liberal pimdples upon which the Government of the
United States were desirous of proceeding m uu fmttanng
the war, and at the same time the anxious care with u Inch
thev urged a provision of indemnity for the citizens of the
United States who had suffered loss or damages such as
those complained of by the petitioners. This piovision way
insisted on until it was distinctly known that the only alter-
native to its abandonment was the inevitable eontinuancc of
the war.
Ct How far the United States themselves are answerable
to then individual citi/ens for the losses and damages occa-
sioned by the enemy, and unhappily incident to "the con-
dition of war, it is for the wisdom of Congress alone to
determine. ,-
In the instructions to the American plenipoten-
tiaries, Mr. Monroe (Secretary of State) said:
" Should a treaty be formed, it is just in itself\ and
4 would have a happy effect on the relations of the
4 two countries, if indemnity should be stipulated
{ on each side for the destruction of all unfortified
' towns and other private property, contrary to the
' laws and usages of war."
In the 13th article of the projet of a treaty of
peace submitted by the American plenipotentiaries
to the British commissioners, and returned by the
latter as inadmissible, was a clause—
"That indemnity should be made by eacli of the con-
tracting parties to the citizens or subjects of the other paity
for all losses and damages sustained subsequent to the com-
mencement of the war, by reason of the destruction of un-
fortified towns, and the pillage and destruction of private
property.5'
The instructions and the 13th article, before al-
luded to, it will be observed, clearly admit that
the British Government had a claim against our !
Government for losses and damages sustained by j
reason of the destruction of unfortified towns, and !
the pillage and destruction of private property, and '
the proposed covenants were to enure to the benefit j
of both parties. Now, what was the reply of the ]
British commissioners to this proposition ? Why,
ii That they were instructed explicitly to declare that as :
their Government made no claim on account ot losses sus-
lained by British subjects arising out of a war declared by ;
tilt-; United States, so neither could their Government agree
to make compensation for losses sustained jn such a war by
the American people; and that if indemnifications of this
kind should be tcquired, all hope ot' bringing the negotia-
tions to a favorable issue must prove aboitivc." 1
Mr. MeC. asked what difference there was in
the main principle on which both classes of claims
rested. The terms of a capitulation, unless they
are contrary to the laws and usages of war, are
as binding as the stipulations of a treaty, and are
equally inviolable. The conditions of the capitu-
lations made at Detroit and the River Raisin were
flagrantly violated, our citizens murdered, and
their property destroyed.* In the case of the
French spoliations, our citizens may have been
maltreated, but he had not heard of any of them
losing their lives. If the sympathies of members
were to be aroused and their feelings enlisted, they
would certainly be by the history of the claims
provided for in the amendment. By sanctioning
a portion of these claims in the early period of
their presentation to Congress, the whole were
recognised as being just and meritorious, and such
as the Government should make ample provision
for. These claims are of a peculiar character,
also, and differ from others arising from depreda-
tions committed by the British during the last
war in this, that the injuries inflicted were in con-
travention of the conditions of the capitulations,
and are not, therefore, based on ordinary grounds.
But he merely intended to present their merits
briefly to the committee, and not being disposed
to consume more of their time, he would, in con-
clusion, call upon those gentlemen who were so
generous in regard to the pay and compensation
of the volunteers for the Mexican war, to show
theic magnanimity in the present case. He could
assure them that from eyewitnesses of those
scenes, and men in whom he placed the most im-
plicit confidence—and among the rest to a member
of the last Congress, [Hon. Mr. Bowen,] who
owed his life to their liberality and magnanimity—
he had learned that never did men display more
courage, more determined valor, nor more genuine
patriotism. Here was an opportunity for all who
were so exceedingly anxious to manifest their love
for brave men to exhibit their feelings. Here was
a lit subject for their liberality; and he would
merely sav further to them that he thought it might
be as well to conform their conduct to the old
adage, " pay off the old score before you begin a
new one."
Mr. McC. here submitted an amendment—
"To appiopriate $."50,000 compensation to tho«e citizens
of Michigan, for private propoiiy taken or destioyed by the
authentic^ of the United States or their troops, oi by the
authorities or troops of Great Biitain, while such property
was in the possession or occupancy ofthe tioops oi authori-
ties of said Slates, or in violation of any treaty or capitula-
tion subsisting between said Governments during said
war."
Mr. BOWLIN did- not rise for the purpose of
entering into the general discussion. He was op-
posed to the bill, from beginning to end, and he
pledged himself here if this bill passed, and the
settlers attempted to fix themselves upon the lands
of Missouri, to raise his voice before the people in
defiance of the whole concern. But his object was
to call attention to certain amendments which he
intended to propose, so that if the bill should pass,
it would be m such form as at least to do justice to
those on whom the munificence of this Government
was cast. He then proceeded to explain and en-
force the provisions of his amendments.
Mr. COBB obtained the floor, but a few minutes
remaining for debate, and desisting, under this ne-
cessity from his purpose of going into a general
argument, brought forward a few of the points
against this bill, and warmly appealed to the com-
mittee against, its injustice and impolicy.
The hour having expired, the committee pro-
ceeded to vote.
Mr. KING, of Massachusetts, asked that an
opinion of Chief Justice Marshall on the subject
of these claims might be read.
Mr. DROMGOOLE objected, remarking that it
was in the nature of debate.
Mr. THOMAS SMITH moved to amend the
first section by striking out the words " as had
valid claims,'1 &c., and inserting " os may be ad-
mitted to be valid claims," &c. Negatived—ayes
52, noes 78.
Mr. ADAMS, of Mississippi, moved to strike
out the words " to an amount not exceeding five
millions of dollars.'1 Negatived.
Mr. SEABORN JONES moved to strike out
" five millions of dollars," and insert " one million
five hundred and twenty thousand dollars, equal to
eight millions of francs." Negatived.
'Mr. COBB moved to amend the first section by
inserting after the words " nor such claims as were
