1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1193
examination be laid before Congress at the com-
mencement of its next session.
[A message was received from the House of
Representatives, announcing the action of said
House on the river and harbor appropriation bill;
also, that said House had passed the French spo-
liation bill.]
RE POUTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, asked that said committee be
discharged from the further consideration of the
petition of citizens of New Hampshire, presented
the 22d of December, 1845; which was agreed to.
Mr. J. also, from the same committee, reported
without amendment the House bill for the relief
of Silas Waterman, of the county of Washington,
Vermont, with a recommendation that its further
consideration be postponed indefinitely; which re-
port was concurred in.
Mr. CAMERON, fiom the Committee on Pat-
ents and the Patent Office, reported with amend-
ments the bill declaratory of the powers and legal-
izing certain acts of the chief clerk of the Patent
Office.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Finance,
submitted an adverse report upon the memorial of
Edwin Bavtlett; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. ATHERTON, from the Committee on
Printing, reported in favor of printing the letters
of Samuel Knox, William Reynolds, and Charles
Willies, in relation to the harbor at the mouth of
the Columbia river, submitted by Mr. Benton;
which report was concurred m, and the document
ordered to be printed.
GENERAL ORDERS.
Mr. RUSK moved that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of the bill to pay the debt ascer-
tained to be due to Texas when an independent
State, by the United States; which was not agreed
to.
The motion of Mr. LEWIS, that 5,000 addi-
tional copies of the report of the Secretaiy of the
Treasury, showing the articles in which a large
amount per annum has hitherto been paid to the
protected classes, was referred to the Committee
on Printing.
Mr. HANNEOAN moved that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the joint resolution for
the relief of Seth M. Leavenworth.
THE SALT DUTIES, &C.
Mr. BENTON then rose and said, that he de-
sired to call the attention of the Senate to a bill in-
troduced by him six months ago, and thus far
passed over by the practice of taking up bilk out
of order. He spoke of the bill for the, abolition
of the salt tax, and of the fishing bounties and
allowances founded upon that tax. Mr. B. wish-
ed to give a new and extraordinary reason for the
passage of that bill, growing out of a great over-
sight in the new tariff bill. By this new bill the
duty on salt is reduced to twenty per centum on
the value, and the bounty in lieu of drawback is
reduced correspondingly on the pickled fish ex-
ported. This is very well, as far as it goes; but
it happens to go almost no distance at all. The
bounty payable on that description of exported
fish is almost nothing—only about four or five
thousand dollars per annum. Last year it was
§,4,174, while the payments on account of dried
fish exported are usually *<300,000 per annum.
Last year it was <*290,000; but m 1841 it was
£355,000; and the sum total already paid on this
branch of the fishing business is about nine mil-
lions of dollars, and will go on at that rate under
the new bill. The whole of these bounties and
allowances are bottomed on the salt duties, and
aie a drawback of the duty supposed to ha\ e been
paid on tiie salt put upon" the fish exported; and
therefore classed with reexported salt, entitled to
drawback, like other reexported merchandise.
Though clothed with the name of " bounties," and
of "allowances to fishing vessels," still it is all
founded on the salt tax, and is declared in the acts
upon the subject to be in exchange and commutation
of the drawback, and an Equivalent therefor. In all
the early acts of Congress these bounties and allow-
ances rose and fell with the rise and fall of the salt
duties; and in the time of Mr. Jefferson, the whole
fell together. The whole were repealed upon the
recommendation of that wise and patriotic Presi-
dent; and the United States remained for some years
without a salt, tax, and without the superstructure
of bounties and allowances to the fisheries erected
upon it. The bill which I have introduced is a
copy of that act—literatim, verbatim,, et ptmctuatim,
it is a copy of that blessed act. My bill is a copy
of the Jeffersonian act in word and spirit, and is
entitled to be passed on its own merits, without the
intervention of the new circumstance, which ren-
ders it imperative. By the great oversight in the
new revenue bill, as it came from the House of
Representatives, it will take the entire amount of
the salt duty to pay the fishing allowances, and
also about $100,000 or §150,000 in addition there-
to, from other duties, to pay them. A brief state-
ment makes this plain. The value of the salt im-
ported has usually been $700,000 or §800,000 per
annum; the Secretary computes that the reduced
duty will increase the importation, and carry it up
to a million of dollars per annum. Very good. It
may do so; and I will proceed upon that assump-
tion. A million of dollars worth, at twenty per
centum on the value, will yield a gross rcvpnue of
$200,000; but that sum will lack $100,000 or $150,-
000 of being sufficient to pay the fishing allowances,
and the deficiency must he made up out of-the
treasury. The resijlt is, that the entire amount
of the salt tax, and half as much more added to it,
is given as a present to persons engaged in the
fisheries. Such is the result of the new bill; and
such a result it is as was never seen or heard of
before. In some degenerate reigns—among some
of the unhappy reigns of the Tudors and Stuarts
of England—particular branches of the revenues
were sometimes assigned to favorites; but this
was usually of some luxury—as sweet wines or
something of that sort; but in no case did any
of these sovereigns, wrong-headed and wilful as
some of them were, ever think of bestowing a salt
tax oil any individual or set of individuals. That
article of prime and universal necessity, under the
worst of nionarchs, was never taxed, except for the
purposes of the State. Now, for the first time in
the history of the human race, the whole proceeds
of the tax are to be paid to a few individuals, and
half as much more. I saw this egregious blunder
in the bill when it came up, and mentioned it to
some of my friends; but a new edict seemed to
have gone forth, under horrible denunciations, to
pass the bill as it was. To be sure that denunci-
ation did not, govern roe. I voted for one amend-
ment, notwithstanding; but would propose none
myself. I consoled my conscience with saying the
remedy is in the hands of the Senate. If they are
willing to correct it, it can be easily done by the
passage of the bill I have introduced—the old Jef-
fersonian bill—to abolish the whole—the platform
and superstructure—the tax, and the bounties, and
the allowances built upon it—and thus get rid of
the whole in the most complete, eompend ious, and
beneficial way. That bill is now ready to be
passed. It rests with the majority to pass it; and
if the House of Representatives concurs, not only
the great oversight in the bill is corrected, but the
country will be relieved from the whole burden of
the salt tax, and all its superstructure of bounties
and allowances, and all the frauds to which these
bounties and allowances notoriously give rise.
Mr. President, this is not the time to speak of the
abomination of a salt tax—a tax almost impious in
its nature, as taxing the article which God has
given to all animated nature—the dumb beast as
well as the human being—to season its food, and
preserve its health and life, and which ought to be
as free as air and water. This is not the time to
speak of that impious tax, from which even the
British, taxed to death as thev are, have been free
since the year 1824. But it is the time to speak
of the delusion of this reduction to twenty per
cent, on the value. To those who do not see the
working of the tax, or who do not see the mode
which the imposition of a tax may be made the
means of burdening the people ten times more
than the tax itself does, it may seem a great mat-
ter. To all who understand the operation of
the tax, the reduction is but little better than
an illusion. The fact is, that any tax on this
article is a curse, and a small tax nearly as bad
as a large one. Any tax at all will carry the
imported article through the custom-house, and
1 throw it into the hands of regraters and monopo-
i lizers. The importer does not bring with him
1 money to pay the duties: it is troublesome and
inconvenient for him to give the two securities
which the law requires. This gives rise to a class
of salt dealers in the seaports, who advance the
duties, or give security, and purchase the salt on
their own account. They thus collect it into their
own hands, and fix their own price; and I have
seen West India or Mediterranean salt, which cost
from six to eight cents a bushel, thus put up to
forty-five cents; and at this moment, by the New
Orleans prices current, such salt is now actually at
thirty cents a bushel!—that is to say, four or five
times its import value! Nothing but the refer-
ence of the salt to the custom-house, and throw-
ing it into the hands of the regraters, could produce
this result; and this will continued^ be the case
under any tax whatever, be it much or little.
Nothing but total freedom from the custom-house
—nothing but a sale direct from the ship to the
steamboat—can prevent the mischief; and, there-
fore, the salt should be as free as the stones
which form the ballast, and over which no inspec-
tion of the customs should exercise supervision.
This is enough to show that the present reduction
is an illusion—that nothing but total abolition of
the tax will relieve the country. This is a suffi-
cient reason for the total abolition; yet there is
another one, also the result of any tax whatever,
no matter how small, which requires total aboli-
tion of the tax. It is in the substitution of the
weighed for the measured bushel. That results
from the custom-house law. By that law the
bushel is to be counted by weight—56 pounds to
the bushel. This may do for Liverpool salt; but
the pure, strong salt, which alone is fit to cure beef,
pork, butter, so as to fit it for exportation, or for
preservation in a southern climate—this pure,
strong salt, weighs 84 pounds to the bushel; so
that the purchaser, in getting 56 pounds, only gets
two-thirds of a bushel. But he does not even get
56—which is the custom-house bushel; for the
retailer and the domestic manufacturer, improving
upon this idea of weight, have struck oif the 6
pounds, and made it 50! And this was the salt
bushel throughout the whole West! And such a
bushel as it is! Often and often, when the water
was drained out of it, the farmer has found that a
half bushel measure would contain the whole
bushel, and have room to spare! and that thirty-
odd pounds weight in the other scale would lift it
from the ground! This is the case now: this has
been the case ever since the custom-house bushel
was established: it will be the case as long as it
lasts; and that will be just as long as there is
any tax at^all on salt. One per cent, will keep
up this false bushel, as well as twenty; and
twenty will keep it up as well as a hundred per
cent, would. Therefore, the reduction is an illu-
sion, and nothing will do it but the passage of the
old Jetfersonian bill which I have introduced.
Thus the correction of the great blunder in the bill,
which gives the whole salt tax and half as much
more to the fishermen—the abolition of the [mo-
nopolies in the seaports, which treble and quadru-
ple the price of the article—and the restoration of
the honest measiued, for the false and fraudulent
weighed bushel—all require the bill which I have
introduced to be passed.
Mr. DICKINSON then rose and made a remark
in reference, as we understood, to the subject on
which the Senator from Missouri had addressed
the Senate, but the honorable member was not
heard distinctly in the gallery.
Mr. HANNEGAN said that he wished to know
what was before the Senate ? He had supposed
that the motion made by him to take up a certain
bill had been entertained; but lo ! they now had a
debate about the duty on salt!
Mr. BENTON said he would not take any re-
buke as to the non-observance of order in this in-
stance. The bill to which he had called the atten-
tion of the. Senate had been introduced by him six
months ago, and nothing would deter lam fiom
presenting the whole matter to the country just as
it was.
Mr. HANNEGAN replied that he intended no
rebuke for the Senator from Missouri, or any one
else.
Mr. BENTON. Very well then. That is
enough.
Mr. HANNEGAN proceeded. If he had in-
tended a rebuke for that Senator, he, would have
addressed it directly to him, and at him, not
through the Senator from New York, [Mr. Dick-
inson.]
The motion to take up the bill alluded to by the
Senator from Indiana was then adopted after a
division—ayes 26, noes not counted.
