1194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 5,
The bill was then considered as in committee of
the whole, leported back to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
PRE-EMPTION LAWS.
Mr. ASHLEY moved the Senate to proceed to
the consideration of the bill to establish a perma-
nent general pre-emption system in favor of actual
settlers upon the public lands; which was not
agreed to.
DUTIES ON RAILROAD IRON.
The " bill to remit the duties which have been
paid or have accrued upon the importation of rail-
road iron in certain cases," was read a third time
by its title.
Mr. ATHERTON called for the reading of the
entire bill; and it was read.
The question being on the passage of the bill,
Mr. ATHERTON rose and asked the Senator
from Maine [Mr. Evaxts] why the 20th of August,
1843, had been named in the bill?
Mr. EVANS replied that that was a mistake in
the engrossment. It should be 1842, and was in-
tended to meet the tariff law of that year.
Mr. ATHERTON- then went on to remark that
there was no limitation as to the quality of rail.
The bill of last session contained a proviso with
regard to the weight of the rail for the exemption
of which the bill was framed. It had been regard-
ed as a matter of much importance that the heavy
T rail should be laid down by companies. In the
present bill there was no such limitation or restric-
tion. He would also observe that this bill remit-
ted the duties on rails imported for the purpose of
replacing others. There was no provision restrict-
ing companies from obtaining a remission of duties
on rails imported for the purpose of replacing rails
which they had taken up. It did not apply strictly
and solely to the rails originally laid down. This
bill appeared to be freed from all restrictions what-
soever. He did not wish to detain the Senate by
any extended remarks, and would only refer, in
the most cursory manner, to one or two observa-
tions urged by the Senator from Maine [Mr.
Evans] in favor of the bill. It was contended that
the railroad companies ought to be placed on an
equal footing with the act of 1842. Since that
time, however, the price of iron had been very
much reduced. With the duty, it now cost no
more than formerly without it. The argument in
favor of the bill that the railroads benefited the
farmer by affording means of transportation for
his products, might be with equal justice urged in
favor of remitting the duty on iron employed in
the construction of steamboats. Why, then, not
exempt that also ? That showed that this was a
piece of partial legislation, for the exclusive bene-
fit of railroad corporations.
Mr. EVANS replied. He would not detain the
Senate more than a moment. The gentleman op-
posite [Mr. Atherton] desired to know why the
provision regarding the weight of the rails had not
been retained. The Senator was mistaken in sup-
posing that it was prospective—looking to the
future, and not to the past. They did intend by
the bill to remit the duty on the lighter rails, be-
cause they had been brought in. The imports
free hereafter were to be confined to the heavier
kind of rail.. In regard to the reference to the iron
employed in the construction of steamboats, the
answer was obvious. Railroads could not be
moved from Maine to New Orleans. Steamboats
could seek profitable employment wherever it offer-
ed. He would ask, in conclusion, that by unani-
mous consent, the error in engrossing should be
corrected.
The error was accordingly, by unanimous con-
sent, rectified; and then the bill was put on its
passage.
Mr. BAGBY said that his objection to the bill
was, that it would take, as he understood, upwards
of a million of dollars from the treasury for the
benefit of certain railroad companies, while every
other citizen of the country had to pay duties on
all the imported iron he consumed, even for the
most necessary purposes. The proposition was
too monstrous to be entertained for a moment.
Mr. ATHERTON asked for the yeas and nays,
and being seconded and ordered, they were taken,
with the following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Berrien, Calhoun, Chal-
mers. John M. Clayton, Thomas Clayton, Colquitt, Corwin,
Crittenden, Davis, Evans, Greene, Jarnagin, Johnson of
Louisiana, Johnson of Maryland, McDuffie, Mansum,
Phelps, Rusk, Simmons, Speight, Upham, Webster, Wood-
budge, and Yulee—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen-* Ashley, Atherton, Bagby, Benton,
Breese, Bright, Cameron, Cass, Dickinson, Dix, Fairfield,
Ilannegan,Houston, Lewis,Miller, Semple, Sturgeon,Tur-
ney, and Westcott—20.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. BREESE moved the Senate to proceed to
the consideration of the bill to establish an addi-
tional land office in Iowa; which motion was not
agreed to.
Mr. WESTCOTT moved the Senate to pro-
ceed to the consideration of an act to enable the
people of Wisconsin Territory to form a constitu-
tion and State government, and for the admission
of such State into the Union; which motion was
agreed to.
The bill was then considered as in committee of
the whole, reported hack to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
The Senate, as in committee of the whole, re-
sumed the consideration of th§ bill making appro-
priations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of
the Government for the year ending the 30th June,
1847.
Mr. HUNTINGTON moved to amend, in the
appropriation of " $12,000 for the construction of
a revenue cutter to be employed on the coast of
Texas," by striking out the words " to be employ-
ed upon the coast of Texas."
Mr. H. explained that the clause, as it stood at
present, would not allow the President to employ
the vessel provided for on any other station than
the one designated, whereas the vessels in the rev-
enue service are all entirely subject to the orders
of the President and Secretary of the Treasury.
The amendment was agreed to without opposi-
tion.
Mr. HUNTINGTON moved further to amend
the bill by striking out the words " for the erection
of a warehouse thereat," from the clause making
an appropriation for the completion of the custom-
house at Wilmington, North Carolina, and the
erection of a warehouse, &c.; which amendment
was adopted.
Mr. H. further moved to amend the bill by in-
serting an appropriation of §5,000. for procuring
and locating buoys at such places as the navigating
interests may demand; which amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON moved further to amend
the bill by inserting an appropriation of $4,319 to
pay for 350 copies of a compend of the revenue laws
compiled by Thomas F. Gordon; which amend-
ment was adopted.
Mr. EVANS submitted an amendment, appro-
priating $4,988 for reducing and preparing for pub-
lication, under a resolution of the Senate, plans
and drawings made by the officers of the topo-
graphical bureau for the improvement of harbors,
rivers, &c.; which was adopted.
Mr. DIX submitted the following amendment;
which was agreed to:
"For refunding to James Buchanan, late her Britannic
Majesty's consul at the city of New Yoik, moneys disbursed
by him, and compensating hiin for services performed, in
xespect to the slaver Catharine, condemned and sold at the
suit of the United Slates, the sum of $2,144 75."
Mr. D. also, from the Committee on Commerce,
submitted an amendment appropriating §7,000 for
completing the marine hospital at New Orleans,
and providing suitable furniture therefor.
Mr. D. supported the amendment, stating the
absolute necessity of an appropriation for the pur-
pose in question.
Mr. LEWIS opposed. If this appropriation
was granted, (he said,) it would open the way for
applications for similar purposes from all parts of
the country.
After some further remarks in favor of the
amendment, by Messrs. HUNTINGTON, DIX,
DAVIS, and JOHNSON of Louisiana, it was
adopted.
TERRITORIAL GOVERNMENT OF FLORIDA.
Mr. YULEE submitted the following amend-
ment, which he briefly supported, viz:
" To pay anears of expense of the Lectslatmo and Exec-
utive of the 1-ite Terntoiy of Florida for the years 1842,1843,
1844, and 3S45, $8,000.'"
The question was taken on the above amend-
i ment, and decided in the negative.
[A message was received from the House of
Representatives, announcing that said House had
resolved to insist upon its amendments to the bill
granting a pension to Richard Elliott, and the bill
providing for the payment of the evidences of pub-
lic debt in certain cases, and asking a conference
on the disagreeing votes.]
Mr. ARCHER submitted the^following amend-
ment; which was adopted:
Insert at the end of the class call miscellaneous"
the following:
" To the State of Virginia, $84,453 87, claimed by her as
due under the act of 5th July, 1835, entitled < An act for
liquidating and paying certain claims of the State of Vir-
ginia.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following amend-
ment; which, after discussion by Messrs. DAVIS,
SPEIGHT, HUNTINGTON, EVANS, CAL-
HOUN, and NILES, was adopted—yeas 26, nays
17, viz:
" To reimburse the State of Massachusetts, for militia ser-
vice in the late war, ££227,176, or such sum as has been re-
ported asj due to the State by the Secretary of War."
CUSTOM-HOUSE AT KE"W ORLEANS.
Mr. JOHNSON moved to amend the bill " by
inserting an appropriation of $100,000 for the erec-
tion of a custom-house at New Orleans."
Mr. LEWIS opposed the amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON" earnestly advocated the appro-
priation.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment rejected—yeas 7, nays not counted.
Mr. SEVIER submitted an amendment, appro-
priating $10,000 for the erection of a marine hospi-
tal at Napoleon, Arkansas; which was agreed to.
GREENOUGH'S STATUES.
Mr. LEWIS presented a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, recommending an additional
appropriation (according to the terms of contract)
for the execution of certain statues intended for the
portico of the Capitol; which was read.
Mr. LEWIS then submitted the following
amendment; which was adopted:
" For payment to Horatio Greenough for a group of statues
to adorn the eastern portico ot the Capitol, $3,000: Provided, .
The work is in such a state of progress as, in reference to
the whole sum to be paid for its execution, shall, in the opin-
ion of the President of the United States, render it proper
to make such payment."
Mr. SPEIGHT submitted an amendment appro-
priating $620 for extra clerk hire in the office of
the Second Auditor, and read a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury recommending said ap-
propriation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NILES submitted the following amendment;
which was adopted, viz:
Insert the following proviso:
PrnvirfM, That the proceeds of the telegraph between
Washington city and Baltimore be, and the same is hereby,
directed to be placed in the treasury of the United States
for the benefit of the Post Office Department, in the same
manner as other revenues which accrue from postages.
No further amendments being submitted, the bill
was reported to the Senate, and the question being
on concurring in the amendments adopted in com-
mittee, generally,
Mr. DICKINSON moved that the appropria-
tions for marine hospital and the Virginia claim
be excepted; which was agreed to.
The question was then taken on concurring in
the other amendments, and decided in the affirnia-
j tive.
| The question recurring on the amendment in re-
! lation to the claim of the State of Virginia, the
t yeas and nays were taken, and resulted as fol-
! lows:
| VFiAS—Mes«rs. Archer, Asl^ley, Bagbv, Berrien, Breese,
i Calhoun, Cass, Chalmers. John M. Clayton, Crittenden* Da-
! ms, Greene, Hannegan, Jarnagin, Johnson of Louisiana,
I McDuffie, Mangura,"Miller, Morohead, Niles, Rusk, Sevier,
i Simmons, Speight, Webster, Westcott, and Woodbridge
| —'27.
i NAYS—Me^er*. Allen. Atchison, Atherton, Benton,
| Blight, Thomas Clayton, Dickinson, Dix, Fairfield, Hou^-
| ton" Lewis, Pearee, Phelps, Semple, Sturgeon, Turner,
j Upham, and Yulee—18.
II So the amendment was concurred in.
;j The question was then taken on the remaining
excepted amendments, and they were concurred in.
MEXICAN INDEMNITY.
Mr. BENTON again submitted his amendment
in relation to Mexican indemnity.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, ably advocated
the amendment, in a speech of some length,
