1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1195
The question was then taken by yeas and nays,
and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ashley, Atchison, Barrow, Benton,
Breebc, John M. Clayton, Crittenden, Dickinson, Dix,
Greene, Hannegan, Houston, Jaraagin, Johnson of Louisi-
ana, Johnson of Maryland, Morehead, Niles.Rusk, Sempie,
Simmons, and Woodbrulge—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atherton, Berrien, Bright, Cal-
houn, Cass, Chalmers, Ciiley, Thomas Clayton, Davis,
Evans, Fairfield, Huntington, Lewis, McD.itfie, Miller,
Phelps, Sevier, Speight, Sturgeon, Turaey, Upham, and
Yulee—23.
So the amendment was rejected,
Mr. BENTON submitted the same amendment
with a proviso—the whole being as follows:
" For payin? the principal and interest of the fourth and
fifth instalments of the Mexican indemnities, due m April
and July, in the year 1844, the sum of §320,000 : Provided,
The claimants, each for himself, shall relinquish to the Uni-
ted States his right to ^aid instalments: Jhid. provided further,
That each of the claimants shall agree to take in payment
the scrip of a stock bearing interest at 5 per cent., payable
in five years."
Upon the adoption of the above amendment, the
yeas and nays were taken, and resulted as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Ashley, Atchison, Bagby, Bar-
row, Benton, Breese, John M. Clayton, Crittenden, Dickin-
son, Dix, Greene, Hannegan, Houston, Jarnagm, Johnson
of Maryland, Johnson of Louisiana, Manguin, Morehead,
Niles, Phelps, Rusk, Sempie, Simmons, Westcott, and
Woodbridge—96.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atherton, Berrien, Bright, Cal-
houn, Cameron, Cass, Chalmers, Ciiley, Thomas Clajton,
Davis, Evans, Fairfield, Huntington, Lewis, McDuffie,
Miller, Sevier, Speight, Sturgeon, Turney, Upham, and
Yulee—23.
So the amendment was adopted.
CUSTOM-IIOUSE AT NEW ORLEANS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, again offered his
amendment, making an appropriation for the erec-
tion of a custom-house at New Orleans; which was
rejected on a division—yeas 18, nays 19.
Mr. McDUFFIE submitted an amendment ap-
propriating 14,500, for an outfit of Arthur Mid-
dleton, of South Carolina, as acting charge des
affaires at Madrid; which was rejected on a divi-
sion—yeas 19, nays 20.
DRY-DOCK AT PHILADELPHIA.
Mr. CAMERON submitted an amendment ap-
propriating §40,000 for constructing a dry-dock at
Philadelphia, under the direction of the Navy De-
partment.
Mr. ALLEN desired to know of the chairman
of the Committee on Finance, if he had kept an
account of the amount of the additional appropria-
tions which had been made to the bill by amend-
ments ?
Air. LEWIS replied, " about a million." ^
The question was then taken upon Mr. Came-
ron's amendment, and decided in the negative on
a division—yeas 13, nays 19.
No further amendments being submitted, the
bill was ordered to a third reading; and by unani-
mous consent, read a third time, and passed.
terest in it than any other gentleman might be sup-
posed to entertain.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON was opposed to the bill,
on the ground that the public property in many
harbors on the Atlantic was lft the same condition;
and "to legislate m one case and not in the other
would be partial.
Mr. SPEIGHT said his opinions on the subject
of the improvement of the rivers and harbors were
well known. He believed firmly that the General
Government had the constitutional right to make
sucli improvements. But much as he desired to
see the western rivers improved, he could not con-
sent to legislate for them separated from the north-
ern rivers. He was a western man by location,
but he trusted that his American feeling was not
bounded by sectional limits. He could not, there-
fore, consent to foster the western rivers whilst
the lakes and rivers of the North were neglected.
The machinery alluded to would undoubtedly be
lost to the Government. It would be sold at a
ruinous sacrifice, or allowed to rot in the water.
He would take that occasion to say, that if the
opportunity were afforded, ho would again declare,
by his vote, his adherence to the principle that the
General Government had the power to make im-
provements of a national character. Therefore,
he hud voted for the harbor bill; so he would vote
again. During the whole of Geneial Jackson's
administration, he had had the honor of a seat in
the other branch of the National Legislature, and
at every session of that period, a bill had been
passed similar to the one to which he had just
alluded. For all of those bdls he had voted.
They all received the sanction of General Jackson,
for whose opinions he (Mr. S.) should ever enter-
tain the most profound regard. He hoped to have
an opportunity of voting tor similar bills heieafter.
His opinions on this subject had not been hastily
formed. They were the result of much reflection;
they were in accordance with the enlightened
views of General Jackson, and lie need not say
that a more consistent, scrupulous, and faithful
guardian of the Constitution, never occupied the
presidential chair. It was not, therefore, likely
that he (Mr. S.) would relinquish these opinions
for light or transient causes; on the contrary, he
hoped to maintain them while he lived.
Mr. BAGBY said he knew he would not be
charged with any want of courtesy to the Senator
from Kentucky. He (Mr. B.) availed himself of
the occasion to say that there was no member of
the Senate for whom he entertained more respect
than the Senator from Kentucky, or that he would
be more happy to oblige than that Senator, where
he could do it with pripriety. But the subject of
the improvement of harbors and rivers had} as he
(Mr. B.) thought, been happily and properly dis-
posed of for the present session, and he could not
consent to reuveit at tlus late stage of the session.
It was peifectly obvious that if the river bill was
introduced, the harbor bill would follow, either as
an original bill, or by way of amendment. It_was
known co the {Senate that he (Mr. B.) had fixed
and unalterable opinions in relation to this whole
system. And altnougli it had been said that some
of the inventions foi that purpose would drag a
HARBOR IMPROVEMENTS. (
Mr. CRITTENDEN then rose and said, that i
he desired to introduce a bill, which would not oc- j
cupy more than a few minutes of the time of the |
Senate; and, if opposed, he would not press it at J
all In the harbors on the western rivers, the bill ' mm — j  i- = hai-hnn
for whose improvement had been vetoed by the i and making appropriationsfor u,^ownliiubors
President, there were dredging boats which would '! we were running snags into the tieasu y.
be destroyed unless proper measures for their pres- !; perfect respect, therefore, for his honoi
ervation were adopted. The bill which he pro-1! from Kentucky, he objected to the introduction of
posed to introduce, provided for the appropriation .
large tree out of the bottom of the river as easy
a dentist would extract a tooth, Mr. B. was afraid
that while they were pulling snags out of the rivers
of such a sum as might be deemed adequate for
the preservation of these boats and their machinery. |
The bill embraced the Missouri, Ohio, Mississippi, j
and Arkansas.
the bill.
The bill was then read a fust time.
NEW YORK PILOTS.
Mr. DIX moved to take up the bill concerning
Mr"mX inquired if the Hudson river was in- ! New York pilots, and advocated his motion with
" great earnestness.
Mr. DAYTON objected.
eluded?
Mr. CRITTENDEN answered m the negative.
Mr. SPEIGHT called for the reading of the bill.
The bill was read.
Mr. BENTON briefly described the boats and
machinery. They were powerful enough to raise
trees one hundred feet long, and three or four feet
in diameter. The way to preserve them was to
keep them employed.
Mr. CRITTENDEN remarked that the -value |      ,
of the property of the United States which it was n refused to take up tne di .
sought to preserve from absolute destruction j, WEST POINT ACADEMY.
amounted to about $100,000. He had done his j , fM LEWIS, the bill making ap-
duty m submitting the bill, and felt no more in- n On motion ot rnr. ±j ,
Mr. DICKINSON supported the motion.
Mr. DAYTON. It will take a long time to dis-
cuss the, bill.
Mr. DIX. Not at all.
Mr. DAYTON. We have had such a bill here
everv session for the.lastfive or six years.
Mr. DIX said the Senator was mistaken.
The motion was then rejected, and so the Senate
propriations for the Military Academy at West
Point, was taken up.
Mr. CAMERON offered an amendment appro-
priating $20,000 for the purchase of land in the
neighborhood of the arsenal at Frankfort, Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. LEWIS objected.
Mr. EVANS also objected. The appropria- '
tion did not properly belong to the bill before the
Senate.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON supported the amend-
ment, on the ground that there was a contract in
the case by which the Government was bound to
pay the $20,000.
Mr. EVANS denied that there had been any
legally authorized contract.
The amendment was then rejected.
The bill as amended by the committee was re-
ported to the Senate, the amendments concurred
in, the bill ordered to a third reading, read a third
time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. McDUFFIE, the Senate then
went into Executive session, and after some time
so occupied, the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, Jlugust 5, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday having been read, was
corrected in a certain particular, on motion of Mr.
DROMGOOLE, and was then approved.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
The SPEAKER announced the unfinished busi-
ness to be the act to provide for the ascertainment
and satisfaction of claims of American citizens for
spoliations committed by the French prior to the
31st Jul j', 1801.
[It appeared that the question had not yesterday
been taden on the title of the bill.]
The pending question was, "Shall this be the
title of the bill?"
The previous question was moved and second-
ed; and the main question was ordered to be now
talMr! G. W. JONES moved that the bill be laid
on the table.
The SPEAKER said the motion was not m or-
der.
Mr. JONES moved that the title of the bill be
laid on the table.
The SPEAKER said the motion was not in or-
der. The title of the bill could not be separated
from the bill itself.
The main question was then taken, and the title
of the bill was agreed to.
The SPEAKER, by consent, proceeded to lay
before the House certain messages from the Sen-
ate.
The bill making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice of the United States, which had been returned
from the Senate with certain amendments, was
taken up, and, on motion of Mr. McKAY, was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The bill from the Senate entitled "An act to pro-
vide for the confirmation of certain settlement
claims in the Greensburg land district in Louisi-
ana," was taken up on its first and second reading.
Mr. MORSE asked that it be put on its third
reading.
Mr. COBB called for explanation.
Mr. HARMANSON said a few words in expla-
nation of its provisions, when he was interrupted
by a number of members stating that it was unne-
cessary to say more. ,
And the bill was thereupon read a third time and.
passed.
THE GRADUATION BILL.
The bill to reduce and graduate the price of the
public lands, (which had been returned from the
Senate with sundry amendments to the amend-
ments of this House,) was taken up as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress <memMeATiiat
all public lands which shall have been offered for sale fifteen
yeaus or more on the 1st day of December, one thousand
eight hundred and forty-si*, shall thereafter be subject to
entry at one dollar per acre, for the term of five years; all
the before described lands then remaining unsold shall be
subiect to entry at seventy-five cents per aere for another
 2, ..<• r and all such unsold at the end of the last
term of five years ; and all such unsold at t
mentioned term may be entered at fifty cents per acre.
Sec. 2. •And be it further enacted, That all public lands
