1846. '
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1197
James Thompson, Tibbatts  Wentworth, Wick, Williams,
Wiirnot, Wmthrop, Woodward, and Woodvvorth—76.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, John Qumey Aiiatne, Arnold,
Ashmun, Barringer, Ben, Benton, James A. Black, BJanoii-
ard, Bowlin, BrinJverlioff, Biouhead, Milton Brown, But-
fington, Carroll, Uathcart, Johji G. Chapman, Ciaikc, Cobb,
Cooke, Cranston, Crozier, Culver, Cunningham, Daniel,
Garrett Davis, De Mott, Douglas;?, Dromgoole, Erdman,
John H, Ewing, Edwin H. Ewing, Faran, Foot, Fo*t<ir,
Fries, Graham, Grider, GrmneU, Grover, Hampton, Haral-
son, Barmanson, Harpei, Henley, Iloge, Eiias B. Holmes,
John W. Houston, George S. Houston, Hamuei D. Hub-
bard, Hudson, Ililngertord, Washington Hunt, James B.
Hunt, Charles J. Tngersoll, Joseph R. TugeiNoll, George W.
Jones, Seaborn Jones, Daniel P. King, Preston King. Lewis,
Long, Lumpkin. MeClemand, MeConnell, James Mc-
Dowell, McGaughey, MeHcnry, Mcllvamo, Noirirf, Mosc-
ley, Payne, Pendleton, Pi'ttit, Phelps, Pollock, Ramsey,
Rathbmi, llelfe, Rittor, Roberts, Root, Runk, Sawjer,
Schenck, Alexander D. Sims, Truman Smith, Caleb B.
Smith, Statkweathcr, Stephens, Stewart, Thomasson, Ja-
cob Thompson, Thurman,Tilden, Toombs, Trumbo,Vinton,
White, Wright, and Young—101.
So the amendment of Mr. McKay to the amend-
ment of the Senate, was rejected.
And the amendment of the Senate was concurred
in.
There were some other amendments of the Senate
which had been reserved for separate questions.
The yeas and nays were asked, bat in all cases
refused. And the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was then returned to the Senate.
The morning hour having expired,
Mr. McKAY made an unsuccessful motion to
go into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
DUTIES ON RAILROAD IRON.
The bill from the Senate to remit duties which
had accrued, or been paid, on the importation of
railroad iron, coming up on its first and second j
reading— j
Mr. McKAY moved its reference to the Com- j
mittee of "Ways and Means.
Mr. ROBEtlTS moved that it be laid on the
table.
. Mr. McDOWELL, of Ohio, asked the yeas and
nays; which were ordered; and, being taken, re-
sulted as follows;
TEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Atkinson, Bayly, Bed-
jnsrer, Bell. Benton, Bigc:-*, James A. Black, Rlanciiaid,
Bowiin, Bovd, Bmikeiholf, Bioekenhrough, Brodhead, Mil-
ton Brown. Bufiington, Cathcart, Reuben Chapman, Cha*e,
Cfiipman, Cocke, Collin, Constable, Cullom, Cun
niiiiiham. Darnel. De Mott. Dobbin, Douifhi-^. Droniiroole,
Dniiiap. Edsall, Ellsworth, Enlman, Faum, Fieklm. Fosti-i,
Frie-, Garvin, G :ody;*ar, Gouion. Gtaham, Grovut, ii.un-
liri, Iiaiman^on, Henley, Ho^f, Elias B. II>>l«nes. Hopkih- ,
Hons:h, George S. HouVm, Edmund W. llubard, Samuel
I). Hubbanl. J.irnes B. limit, Hunter, Chailes J. Ingeisoll,
Jam.."? H. Johri-on. Joseph Johnson, Aiidiow* Johnson,
W Jcm<v, Kaufman, Preston Kjn«r, Lawience,
L  a\e. Lvib, La S^re, Levin, Lmnpkm, Maclay, MeClean,
McCieniand, Me<?orm"il, ? lcCrat , Joseph J. McDowell,
Jai.ie- MeDovHl. M. flvaine, McKnv. Mai-h. John 1'- Mar-
tin B^rklev Mainu. M-wii®. _\!oi*e« Moulton, Xiven, N.nu ,
Owen, Parnsli, I'.iyne, P. r.'y, I'citit, I'N'lp-s 1'ilUbtn-y, Pol-
lock, R'im*-e\, Rathbun. K<lid, Jlelt'e, Ritrer. RobuiU^Joim
A. Kijckn-fll." tfa-.vldle. c-.inyer, Seri'iiuion, Suildon. Sevw-
Al< \.inder D. ?:uit. Leonard fl. rii.us, Simpson,
Thomas Smith, Stanton, .Staikwvather. St. John, Humi?,
jam '.- Thompson. JaCb!) Thompson. Tliimn.m. Tib-
i,:t,, Towns. Trmni-o, Vinton, Wentwortb, W iienton,
White, Wick," Williams, Wilinot, Woodward, Woodvvortli,
and Yo-t—131.
NAVrf—M:ssr*. Abbott, Arnold, Bnninser, James
Mr. McKAY, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, reported a bill regulating the appointment
of clerks in the Executive Departments, and for
other purposes. It was twice read.
Mr. McKAY moved that; it be engrossed and
read a third time.
Mr, CONSTABLE moved that it be laid on the
table. Ayes 48, noes 59; not a quorum."
The yeas and nays were ordered; when the mo-
tion to engross was withdrawn, and the bill was
then committed.
Mr. McKAY, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, also moved the printing of sundry
documents and statements in the possession of the
committee, showing the operation of tiie tariff,
amount of revenue, &c. Agreed to: Ayes 66, noes
55.
Mr. McKAY reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House bo, and
he is hereby, required, on or before the first day
of December next, to cause to be made a full and
correct inventory of all the books and other prop-
erty m his office; in the House library; in each of
the committee rooms and elsewhere, belonging to
the House, and file a copy of the same in the Li-
brary of Congress.
Resolved, further, That the Clerk cause to be
prepared and submitted to the House at the next
session, a full and correct list of all books to which
present or former members are entitled under law
or resolution, and which have not been delivered,
and the names of such members.
As soon as the resolution had been read—
Mr. SEAMAN and Mr. ASHMUN and others
said they wished to debate the resolutions,
i Mr. ASHMUN moved that they be lai^ on the
i table. Negatived.
Mr. McKAY moved the previous question;
which the House refused to second.
And the resolutions went over under the rule.
Mr. McKAY also reported the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House be, and
he is hereby, instructed to suspend the execution
of the resolution directing him to furnish certain
members with the books therein named, and not
to purchase or deliver any of them until an appro- I
pri.ition is made by Congress to pay for the same, [
agreeably to an estimate furnished by the Clerk to j
the Committee of Ways and Means. j
While the resolution was being read—
Mr. ASHMUN and several other gentlemen
observed that they would debate it, and it would
therefore go over.
The moment the Clerk had read the resolution—
Mr. McKAY moved the previous question.
Mr. ASHMUN and several others simultane-
ously gave notice of their intention to debate the
resolution; and demanded that it be passed over,
according to the order under which the House was
receiving reports.
The SPEAKER (Mr. Hopkins officiating) said
the previous question had been moved before
notice of debate was given; and that, therefore,
the notice of debate came too late, accoiding to
House in such cases.
—'i.   : - - -, ■■ , - the usual practice of the —
Burt, William W. Campbell, Jo,in IT. f.ampbell, John O. : ^ should, therefore, receive the resolution
nw^'john'k BwffS; Elwmr,H.'V-i W, VoM, «U<^ i! the report of the committee, and proceed to enter-
1 T'' | tam it.
: Mr. ASHMUN appealed, on the ground that
1 the notice was given in time; and on the further
ground that the subject had not been referred to
! the Committee of Ways and Means, and they had
> no right to bring it before the House.
! The question on the appeal was taken by yeas
and nays; and the decision was sustained yeas
t 82, nays 67. • , . . .
Mr. EWING, of Pennsylvania, raised another
i question of order. It was this: that the rule was
i suspended to leceive such reports as would not
' give rise to debate; and, as notice of debate was
' oiven, the resolution could not be proceeded with.
- ollll     _ ! ° The SPEAKER again decided that the call for
Mr. J. It. INGERSOLL made an ineffectual ef- t t]ie previous question took the resolution out of
fort to take up the bill to abolish custom-house oaths. tjie ru)e an(j that it was therefore in order to pro-
„ i „,ni, TurMD«n\T flip !
pended for reports from committees expired, and
the resolution went over.
The House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. McCler-
nand in the chair.)
Mr. SIMS, of South Carolina, moved the con-
sideration of the bill to authorize attachments on
mesne process in the county of Washington, in
the District of Columbia, and to provide for more
speedy and -effectual legal remedies in the said
District, and for other purposes. Negatived.
Mr. ROBERTS moved Senate bill No. 19, to
aid the State of Mississippi to construct a railroad
from Jackson, through Brandon, to the line of the
State of Alabama. Negatived.
Mr. BOWLIN moved the bill No. 97, to orga-
nize a government in the Territory of Oregon.
Mr. McKAY moved the navy appropriation
bill, with the amendments of the Senate thereto,
and he claimed that, according to the rule which
gives a preference to general appropriation bills,
precedence should be given to such bills.
The CHAlRMAN decided to give preference to
this motion.
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS appealed.
And the decision of the Chairman was sustained.
The committee then proceeded to the considera-
tion of the amendments of the Senate to the navy
appiopiiation bill.
The first amendment was read. It proposes to
give to passed midshipmen the pay of sailing-mas-
ters in the navy when discharging the duties of
sailing-masters.
Mr. McKAY opposed it, and said the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means recommended that the
House disagree to it.
Mr. WINTHROP went into a full statement of
what took place in the Committee of Ways and
Means on the subject, and controverted the state-
ment of the chaiiman of the committee, and then
went on to argue in support of the amendment.
The amendment was further opposed by Messrs.
BRINKERHOFE and RATHBUN, and advo-
cated by Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina.
The question being put, it was disagreed to by
the Committee of the Whole.
In the bill, as passed by the House, was a pro-
viso that no spirit ration shall be issued, and that
a commutation thereof in money should be made.
The Senate struck out tins proviso.
And on the question to concur in striking out
there were: Ayes 72, noes 40. Agreed to.
After a good deal of discussion on an amend-
ment touching the Memphis navy yard—-
A motion was made that the committee rise.
Ayes 41, noes 59—no quorum.
Another count. No quorum again.
And the Speaker took the chair, and the Chair-
man reported that the committee could1 not get
along with business for the want of a quorum.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, moved a call of
the House.
A motion was made to adjourn.
Decided in the affirmative by yeas and nays—
74 to 63.
And the House accordingly adjourned.
11. Ewniif, Foot, '-lit ^
Gnder, Grmneil, Hampton, Harper, Ililliaul, I=-aae E
Holmes, John W. Tlou-ton. Washington Hunt, Seaborn
Jones, Daniel P. King. Lewis, Lone. MeO.sitshey, Me-
Henrv, Miller, Mo-elev, Pcndli'ton, Uliett, Rout, Kunk,
S.-aiiiau, Tinman Smith, Stephens, Sti.Jim, Thomson
Benjamin Thompson, Tilden, Toontiis, Wmthrop, Wright,
and Young—S'J.
So the bill was laid on the table.
Mr. TIBBATTS moved a reconsideration of the
vote.
And the question being taken, the vote was not
reconsidered.
Mr. HOPKINS, on leave given, fiom the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, reported
a bill to establish certain post routes; which was
read twice and coaimitted.
"on motion' of Mr. JACOB THOMPSON, the
rules were suspended for one hour, to receive such
reports from committees as did not give rise to de-
bate.
Mr. GRAHAM, on leave, made a personal ex-
planation in reference to an editorial article in last
evening's Union.
Mr.'GENTRY also made a brief personal ex-
planation in the same connexion.
ceed with it.
Mr. EWING appealed.
And the decision of the Chaif was again sus-
taIMr." WOODWORTH moved that the resolu-
tion be laid on the table.
The question was taken by yeas and nays, ana
lost—yeas 75, nays 77.
Here the hour for which the rules were sus-
IN SENATE.
Thursday, August 6, 1846.
Mr. WEBSTER rose and said, that in these
last crowded and hurried days of the session, it
was with great regret that he did anything to with-
draw the attention of the Semite from the business
before them; but he felt constrained to make a few
remarks upon a subject which he deemed to be of
some public interest. By some error, or misap-
prehension, or misrepresentation, it had been stilted,
in a paper called <<rFhe Union"—that is  the Orov-
ernment paper—that duties were to be assessed
under the new bill upon a home valuation, fece-
ing- this statement, he had thought it was a duty
incumbent on him, beneficial to the public, and
agreeable even to the editor himself, to point out
the mistake, and to show that the ad valorem prin-
ciple, under both the former law and the^ present,
had been and must be applied to the foreign valu-
ation. lie perceivcd in the Union of the evening
before last the following statement:
"Reference ha^ been in the Senatr to the rcmrtrk
which was made m the Union on Friday night, viz: that
under the new tariff iaw, the appraisers would equate the
maiket vaiuc of imported articles at the port* whorf they
me enteied. Mr. Webster averts tnat tins statment is ex-
actly the opposite of-die truth. The remarks made on the
