1198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 6,
matter by our New Yoik correspondent, in his letter of this
morning, which will be found in another column, sets the
matter in a very clear light. In further explanation of our
meaning, and m confirmation of the justice of the view
taken by our correspondent, we refer to the 8tU section of
the law."
The editor then quotes the eighth section of the
new law to sustain his statement. So much for the
editor: and now for the correspondent of the editor,
who seemed to be no better informed on this subject
than the editor himself. Mr. W. then quoted from
the correspondence of the Union as follows:
"The humbug of great men.—What is home valu-
ation?—The New York Commercial will have it that the
duties of the new tariff bill are to be collected on the foreign
and not upon the home valuation. And so argued Mr.
Webster, and so explained Mr. Crittenden, m trying to
reconcile Mr. Clay with Mr. Webster. Mr. Clay was in
favor of ad valorems on home valuations. This satisfied
Mr. Webster, and, as he thought, placed Mr. Clay with him
against the levenue bill, on the ground that its duties were
to be levied on the foreign valuation. What is home val-
uation? It is precisely this: If a ton of pig iron is imported,
whit'b cost in Liverpool twenty dollars, that is its value in
a foreign marker. On being entered in New York, five dol-
lars are added for freight, and two and-a-half per cent, for
commissions, charges, &c. The home valuation, then, will
he as follows:
Invoice   $20 00
Freight  5 00
Commissions,&c  0 50
25 50
Duty, 30 per cent  7 50
"If the duty was a^e^sed on the foreign value, it would
be calculated on $20 instead of $25 50. If the former is not
home valuation and the latter foreign, what i& home valua-
tion? Now, the law of 1842 assessed ad valorem duties on
the mode supposed in the case of the iron above stated, and
the new bill makes no change whatever. Then, where is
the distinction ? It won't do to say, to get at a home valua-
tion, merchants' -prospective profits must be added to invoices
and bills of cost, and on winch duties aie to be assessed."
This statement (continued Mr. W.) has no foun-
dation whatever. The only thing that is true in it
is, that the 8th section of the present law makes no
change in the manner of assessing duties. He is
right 111 that. [Mr. W. here read the eighth sec-
tion.] There is nothing doubtful about that; there
is no room for mistake; it is as certain as any pro-
vision of law whatever. Now, sir, the sixteenth
section of the act of 1842 is the existing law to
which this act refers; and that requires the collect-
or to cause the actual market value or wholesale
price, at the port from which the goods are im-
ported, to be •Sppraised. Well, what are the costs
and charges that are to be added under the exist-
ing laws as constituting part of the value or price
at the port where the goods are imported ? The
law settles that point. Mercantile commissions and
shipping charges, if not included in the invoice, are
to be added, to make up the value upon which the
ad valorem duty is to be assessed. But the cor-
respondent of the Union says the value is to be
made up by adding freight and insurance, which
is a total mistake. Insurance is never to be added,
and freight is never to be added, to make any
part of the foreign value; but, when added, they
constitute part of the home cost or home valuation.
But the law provides that the goods shall be ap-
praised at the market value in the place whence
imported. The sixteenth section of the act of 1842
requires the collector "to cause the actual market
value, or the wholesale price thereof at the time
when purchased in the principal markets of the
country from which the same shall have been im-
ported, to be appraised and estimated." The costs
and charges which are to be added are not freight
nor insurance. Sir, one thing more, by way of
confirmation, if confirmation be necessary. The
oath which is to be taken by the appraiser for the
faithful discharge of his duty in all such cases is
prescribed by the act of 20th April, 1818. It is in
these words:
" —shall severally make oath, diligently and
faithfully to inspect and examine such goods, wares, or mer-
chandise, as the collector may direct, and truly to report, to
the ben of their knowledge andbehef, the true'value thereof
when purchased, (d the place from whence the same were im-
ported."
Now, I hope that those who have an interest in
this matter will require the editor of the Union to
publish the act itself, and not random and errone-
ous opinions.
Sir, I have thought it right to make these re-
marks, not for the purpose of sustaining my legal
opinion against the editor of the Union, (I *do not
think I should perform a very anxious lahor to
accomplish that;) but because these statements
regarding the provisions of the new act may lead
to a misapprehension of what the law really is, and
so lead persons into error.
OREGON.
A message was received from the President of
the United States in relation to the Oregon treaty.
The communication having been read—
Mr. SPEIGHT moved that it be referred to the
Committee on Territories, and printed.
Mr. HANNEGAN said he must confess that he
could not see any propriety in attempting to act
upon any measures in relation to Oregon at this
late period of the session, when their table was
already groaning under a great amount of business.
Any measure contemplating the establishment of
a territorial government in Oregon, as a matter of
course, under all the circumstances which had
heretofore transpired, must occasion a lengthened
debate; for it was only right, just, and proper that
those who voted against the treaty should have an
opportunity to give their views to the country.
They had had no such opportunity heretofore;
and, for his own part, he should feel ashamed to
obtrude himself upon the time of the Senate upon
this subject, when there were but three days re-
maining of the session. He moved, therefore,
that the communication be laid upon the table, and
that all measures now pending relating to Oregon
be postponed until the first Monday in December
next.
Mr. BREESE made some remark regarding the
Oregon measures already reported from various
committees, which was not distinctly heard by the
reporter.
The PRESIDING OFFICER remarked that a
part of the motion just made being to lay the com-
munication of the President upon the table, it was
not debatable.
Mr. HANNEGAN said he would withdraw
that part of his motion.
Mr. SPEIGHT rose and said that there was no
disposition on his part to bring on a discussion at
this time upon the subject of Oregon. The motion
which he had made to print was made because he
thought some disposition ought to be made of the
communication of the President, and he had not
seen any gentleman disposed to make any motion
regarding it. He agreed perfectly with the Sena-
tor from Indiana that there was not now time
enough for the consideration of the subject. He
would therefore withdraw his motion to refer.
Mr. SEVIER said he hoped it would be refer-
red, for it was highly necessary and proper that
some measure should be adopted for the establish-
ment of a territorial government over Oregon.
American citizens who were there had a right to
expect that a government would be provided for
them; and the passage of a bill for that purpose
was a matter which would occupy but little time.
There were precedents and forms in abundance.
The laws required for the government of that Ter-
ritory would be analogous m all respects to those
which applied to other Territories. He did not
conceive that the passage of such a bill could give
rise to any debate; it might be passed, he was
quite sure, in twenty minutes, as its details would
be precisely like those of all other territorial bills.
He hoped the communication would be referred,
and the usual course taken in regard to it.
Mr. HANNEGAN remarked again that he did
not conceive it practicable to pass a bill for the
government of Oregon without occasioning a de-
bate concerning the convention which had been
recently concluded. Those who were opposed to
that convention desired to be heard upon the sub-
ject of the facts connected with it.
Mr. SEVIER observed that the bill for the gov-
ernment of Oregon nad nothing whatever to do
with the treaty with Ortf&t Britain regarding the
boundary.
Mr. HANNEGAN said if measures were to be
passed relating to Oregon, as a matter of course
they must expect a debate upon that convention,
which he would take this occasion to say was
neither more nor less than a convention for the joint
occupation of Oregon south of the forty-ninth de- ;
gree of latitude—a convention which had ceded to !
the Hudson's Bay Company in perpetuity the |
navigation of the Columbia river. It was a conven-
tion for the joint occupation of Oregon south of
49°, while before its formation we held as far north
as 54° 40'. He repeated that those who were op-
posed to the convention desired to be heard in
reference to it, m an appeal to their constituents j
and to the country. s
Mr. SEVIER said that when the {proper time !
arrived, he wished to say a few things himself
upon that subject. But here was a communica-
tion, the object of which was to bring to the atten-
tion of the Senate the propriety of organizing a
territorial government. To do this, nothing was
necessary but to follow the beaten track; to report
a bill containing the provisions applicable to all
Territories. If it were deemed desirable to discuss
the terms of the treaty with Great Britain upon the
occasion of passing such a bill, hte of course, so far
from having any objection, would desire to partici-
pate in such discussion, provided the time would
permit; but he could see no real necessity for con-
necting the two subjects. A bill for establishing
a territorial government in Oregon, had, in fact,
been reported some time ago—long before the
question of boundary was settled. It was his in-
tention to call up, some time this week, perhaps
to-morrow, the bill which had been reported from
the Committee on Indian Affairs, for the purpose
of making better provision for the regulation of
matters pertaining to the Indian tribes m the West.
That was a bill which he thought ought to be
Mr. ATCHISON said he could not see that any-
thing was to be gained by referring this commu-
nication to a committee, for it contained precisely
what was stated by the President in his message
to Congress in the early part of the session. There
was a bill already reported for the establishment
of a mail route to Oregon, and one also to establish
a territorial government. If it were referred, the
committee could do no more than had been done
already.
Mr. BAGBY, (without rising.) The reference
can do no harm.
Mr. BREESE said he thought the reference
would do harm, because the recommendation of
the President contained in this communication had
been anticipated by two distinct bills—one for the
establishment of a regular territorial government,
and another for an Indian agency and other mat-
ters connected therewith. The reference, then, to
the Committee on Territories, if followed by the
report of another bill, might produce some confu-
sion.
Mr. SEVIER asked why it was that gentlemen
desired to take a different course in regard to this
message from that which had been taken in regard
to every other? But the motion of the Senator
from Indiana was still broader*,fit proposed to post-
pone all the measures relating to Oregon until the
next session. He hoped the communication
would be referred, and that the committee would
report a bill, in good faith, and that it would be
acted upon.
Mr. ALLEN said he hoped that all those meas-
ures which had for their object the extension of
our laws over the little remnant of Oregon would
be permitted to take the usual course and be pro-
ceeded with to their final consummation. He was
disposed to give to so much of Oregon as remained
to us the benefit of our laws. This far he would
not withhold his aid from any measure which his
friends might desire; but as the grand consumma-
tion of their labors had been the dismemberment
of Oregon, he was also desirous that a full exposi-
tion of the whole proceeding in relation to it should
be presented to the eyes of the whole country. It
was a matter with which he had been somewhat
closely connected on account of the position he
had held, and it was one in which he had been
compelled to differ from many gentlemen for whose
opinions he had always entertained the highest
respect. It was a question the final termination
of which had, in his opinion, inflicted not only a
large sacrifice, but deep humility upon the nation
at large. These were his views. He would, nev-
ertheless, aid by his vote, as he had before said,
in the extension of our laws over so much of Ore-
gon as we had left, as speedily as possible: for he
would not make himself responsible for exposing
the little remnant of Oregon that was still ours to
the danger of ultimate separation from the United
States. Three or four weeks of intervening time after
the ratification of thfe treaty might produce a state of
things in Oregon which would render it impossible
for them hereafter to incorporate that territory into
the body of this Union. For these reasons he would
be compelled reluctantly to differ with his friend
from Indiana in the motion which he had made,
and to oiFer what assistance he was able to oiler to
keep together these few fragments of our empire.
He trusted that the law would be so framed as to
