1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1199
prevent any man who held allegiance to the British
crown from holding an acre of land in fee simple
in that territory. He wanted no British subject
to possess any rights within our territory there.
He wanted to legislate the Hudson Bay Company
outof theterritory,andthatasspeedilyas possible.
Mr. HANNEGAN said he would amend his
motion by moving that the communication be laid
upon the table and printed.
Upon this motion, Mr. SEVIER demanded the
yeas and nays, and they were ordered.
The question was subsequently divided; and the
yeas and nays being taken on the first branch, viz:
to lay upon the table, it was decided in the affirm-
ative.
The motion to print was then agreed to without
a division.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, the Committee on
Indian Affairs were discharged from the further
consideration, for the present, of the memorial of
the chiefs of the Tonawanda Indians. Also, from
the further consideration of three memorials of
citizens of New York, against the abrogation of
certain treaties with the Seneca Indians; also, forty
petitions from citizens of New York on the same
subject. Also, from the further consideration of
the report of the 2d Auditor of the Treasury,
showing certain disbursements for the benefit of
Indians, from October 1, 1844, to September 30,
1845.
Mr. BREESE moved that the Committee on
Public Lands be discharged from the further con-
sideration of resolutions of the General Assembly
of the State of Ohio in relation to section 16, town-
ship 3 north, range 16 east, Seneca county, Ohio;
which motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to whom was referred the
House bill to authorize the agent for paying pen-
sions at Cincinnati to pay to John Wing any
arrears of pension money due to Dorothy Terrill,
deceased, reported it without amendment, and
recommended that it be indefinitely postponed;
which was agreed to.
Mr. J. also moved that the Committee on Pen-
sions be discharged from the further consideration
of the petition of John G. Smith; which was
agreed to.
Mr. J. further, from the same committee, re-
ported, without amendment, the House bill for the
relief of William Pool, and the House act granting
a pension to Daniel Pratt.
Mr. NILES, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported, without amend-
ment, the (House) joint resolution for the relief of
John B. Denton and Curtis Humphreys.
Mr. LEWIS, from the Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred the (House) bill fur the re-
lief of William B. Lang, reported it'back without
amendment.
Mr. L. also, from the same committee, reported,
without amendment, the (House) bill for the relief
Samuel D. Walker, of Baltimore.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported, without amendment, the joint
resolution authorizing the Secretary of War to
adjust by arbitration a controversy between the
United States and David Ames.
Mr. SEMPLE.from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was recommitted
the bill to provide for the transportation of the
United States mail across the Isthmus of Panama,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. BARROW, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, reported a bill granting a pension to Bethia
Healy, accompanied by a report in writing; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the committee of confer-
ence, in relation to the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses of Congress upon the bill granting a pen-
sion to Richard Elliott, reported and submitted an
amendment to the bill; which was concurred in.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
amendment of the House of Representatives, in-
sisted on by that House, to the Senate bill to pro-
vide for the payment of the evidences of public
debt in certain cases, when the conference asked
by the House %vas agreed to.
The PRESIDENT appointed on said committee
Senators Evans, Speight, and Turkey.
Mr. EYANS, from the committee of conference
upon the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the army appropriation bill, made a report; which
was concurred in.
The bill for the relief of Mary McRae, widow of
Colonel William McRae, deceased, was considered,
amended, ordered to be engrossed, read a third
time, and passed.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, announcing that said House had con-
curred in sundry of the amendments by the Senate
to the naval appropriation bill, and disagreed to
others; also, the Senate bill to surrender to the
State of Tennessee certain public lands lying there-
n; and a bill to regulate the proceedings in the
circuit and district courts of the United States, and
for other purposes.
The Senate, on motion, resolved to insist on
their amendments to the naval appropriation bill
disagreed to by the House, and to disagree to the
amendments of the House to the Senate amend-
ments.
A message was received from the President of
the United States announcing that he had approved
and signed the warehouse bill, and bills for the re-
lief of John Crowell, Harriet Ward, and Ebenezer
Ballard.
The Senate then, on motion of Mr. McDUPPIE,
went into executive session, and after several hours
spent therein, the doors were opened, and
The Senate adjourned. *
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, August 6, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday (having been read in
part only) was approved.
TENNESSEE LANDS.
Mr. McCLERNAND, from the Committee on
PublicLands, reported back, without amendment,
the "bill to surrender to the State of Tennessee all
title the United States have to lands in Tennessee
south and west of the line commonly called the
Congressional reservation line, and to release to
said State the proceeds of such of said lands as
may have been sold by the State of Tennessee as
the agent of the United States."
Mr. HAMLIN moved that the bill be laid on
the table.
Mr. RATHBUN asked the yeas and nays;
Mr. COCKE moved a call of the House; which
were refused.
The question recurring on the motion to lay the
bill on the table,
Mr. HAMLIN withdrew it.
Mr. McCLERNAND said that the bill had been
very fully considered by the Committee on Public
Lands of the House, also by that committee of the
Senate. Tins was the Senate bill. It differed
somewhat from the bill of the House, but not ma-
terially. It was proposed to relinquish to the State
of Tennessee the refuse public lands in that State.
The history of these lands might be briefly stated.
In 1789 they, were ceded by North Carolina to the
Government, with certain reservations, which, in
effect, charged the lands with the satisfaction of
military land warrants issued, or to be issued, by
the State of North Carolina. Upon the admission
of Tennessee into the Union in 1796, she claimed
the lands as incident to her sovereignty. A dispute
arose in consequence. In 1806, an act was passed
to which the Government, North Carolina, and
Tennessee, became parties. This act ceded to
Tennessee all of the public lands in that State cast
and north of what is called the Congressional reser-
vation line. Tennessee, by the consent of all par-
ties, became agent to perfect titles to the lands
charged with military claims. In 1841 another act
was passed, constituting Tennessee the agent of
the Government to sell the residue of the lands
held by the Government south and west of the
i Congressional reservation line, for three years, at
twelve and a half cents per acre, and after that time,
at whatever price the lands would bring per acre.
All of the lands have been sold conceived to be of
any value. The residue is believed so valueless as
not to be worth the expense of administering them.
Upon the ground of economy, it is recommended
that the bill be passed. All of the military claims
I to which the lands were subject, are now either
! satisfied or barred by the act of 184]. No objec-
i tion, therefore, exists to the bill.
Mr. HENLEY asked if the lands were relin-
quished subject to the claims of individuals hold-
ing land warrants.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Such is an express
provision of the bill. But all of these claims are
now either satisfied or barred.
After some conversation,
Mr. DANIEL moved that the hill be laid on
the table; which motion was rejected.
And the bill was read a third time.
And the question being on its passage,
Mr. GRAHAM asked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered; and, being taken, were, yeas 88,
nays 52.
So the bill was passed.
M!r. McCLERNAND moved a reconsideration
of the vote, and demanded the previous question,
under the operation of which, the question was
taken, and the vote was not reconsidered.
OREGON.
The SPEAKER said that there was on the
Speaker's table a very important communication
from the President of the United States, which the
Speaker asked leave at this time to present to the
House.
No objection having been made,
The SPEAKER laid the said message before
the House, and it was read as follows:
To the Senate and House .of Representatives
of the United States:
I communicate herewith a copy of a convention
for the settlement and adjustment of the Oregon
question, which was concluded in this city on the
fifteenth day of June last, between the United States
and her Britannic Majesty. This convention has
since been duly ratified by the respective parties,
and the ratifications were exchanged at London on
the seventeenth flay of July, 1846.
It now becomes important that provision should
be made by law, at the earliest practicable period,
for the organization of a territorial government in
Oregon.
It is also deemed proper that our laws regula-
ting trade and intercourse with the Indian tribes
east of the Rocky Mountains, should be extended
to such tribes within our territory as dwell beyond
them; and that a suitable number of Indian agents
should be appointed for the purpose of carrying
these laws into execution.
Tt is likewise important that mail facilities, so
indispensable for the diffusion of information, and
for binding together the different portions of our
extended Confederacy, should be afforded to our
citizens west of the Rocky Mountains.
There is another subject to which I desire to
call your special attention. It is of great import-
ance to our country generally, and especially to
our navigating and whaling interests, that the Pa-
cific coast, and indeed the whole of our territory
west of the Rocky Mountains, should speedily be
filled up by a hardy and patriotic population. Em-
igrants to that territory have many difficulties to
encounter and privations to endure, in their long
and perilous journey; and by the time they reach
their place of destination, their pecuniary means
are generally much reduced, if not altogether ex-
hausted. Under these circumstances, it is deemed
but an act of justice that these emigrants, whilst
most effectually advancing the interests and policy
of the Government, should be aided by liberal
grants of land. I would, therefore, recommend
that such grants be made to actual settlers, upon
the terms and under the restrictions and limitations
which Congress may think advisable.
JAMES K. POLK.
Washington, August 5, 1846.
The United States of America and her Majesty
the Ctueen of the United Kingdom of Great Brit-
ain and Ireland, deeming it to be desirable, for the
future welfare of both countries, that the state of
doubt and uncertainty which has hitherto prevailed
respecting the sovereignty and government of the
territory on the northwest coast of Amcrica, lying
westward of the Rocky or Stony Mountains,
should be finally terminated by an amicable com-
promise of the rights mutually asserted ]>y the two
parties over the said territory, have respectively
named plenipotentiaries to treat and agree concern-
ing the terms of such settlement—that is to say:
the President of the United States of America has,
on his part, furnished with full powers James Bu-
chanan, Secretary of State of the United States,
and her Majesty the Ciueen of the United King-
dom of Great Britain and Ireland, has, on her
part, appointed the right honorable Richard Paken-
