1202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 6,
President may hereafter succeed by purchase, or
by conquest, in bringing into the United States;
or if he should give away further territory, as he is
now charged to have done, it would give a con-
tracting power which should draw it up within the
limits of the territory then remaining to the United
States. Now, he was prepared, inasmuch as they
thought they knew what does and what does not
belong to the United States, to define in this bill
the territory over which it is to operate, to that
which is now belonging to the United States west
of the summit of the Rocky Mountains.
He had another object in the insertion of the
words " now belonging," which was this: he had
an inquiry, and he supposed he might put it to the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
[Mr. Haralson,] if he was now present, [Mr. H.
was temporarily absent from the Hall at this time,]
what it meant that we saw a regiment now organi-
zing, at present encamped upon Governor's Island,
and destined to take possession of the territory of
California, under such terms and restrictions as
seemed to look to retaining it within the jurisdic-
tion of the United States, when it should have
been acquired .in this way. He believed it was a
notorious fact, that a certain Colonel Stevenson, of
the city of New York, had been organizing a re-
giment—whether of militia, volunteers, or other-
wise, he knew not—of military emigrants, as was
suggested to him, and giving to this regiment cap-
tains, lieutenants, ensigns, knapsacks, rifles, and
all the accoutrements of war, in order to emigrate
to California. Mr. S. commented upon this anom-
alous sort of emigration, and upon the usurpation
of the Secretary of War, under the authority of
the President of the United States, in his instruc-
tions that it should be taken into a country upon
the Pacific which might or might not, at the end
of their service, belong to the United States;
and if then belonging, of adviiing them that they
will be discharged there; and, as an inducement to
this service, promising to give them the accoutre-
ments—the property of the United States—which
they take with them. What right, by what au-
thority of law, had the Secretary of War or the
President taken this step? And did they promise
to give away the property of the United States as
an inducement to this military emigration ? He
denied that there was any authority for it.
He would like to know, in adiditon, by what
authority that regiment was enlisted at all. He
argued that it. could hardly be under the general
authority given to the President to raise volunteers,
as they had been already called for and apportioned
among the several States.
Let him not be mistaken. He saw his colleague
[Mr. Thdrman] seemed to be ready to reply to
him. Let him bring up no old Federalist papers
against him—an article with which the gentleman
and his party seemed more familiar than did those
with whom Mr. S. associated. If it was necessary
to enlist soldiers for California to carry on the ex-
isting war, let them be enlisted and sent there; and
if it was necessary to give, them additional induce-
ments to the pay now allowed by law, let it be
given. But let it all be authorized by, and done
according^ to, law. .He had nothing to say about
this Mexican war. He had voted for supplies to
carry on this war. He believed the President had
usurped authority which did not belong to him
under the Constitution, and deserved impeachment
for bringing the country into the condition of war,
or the state of hostilities—call it what you will.
Notwithstanding, under the circumstances—of
peril to our troops, ifec., which he described—he
had voted the supplies, knowing that thereafter the
President might be, and should be, held responsi-
ble for this improper, this criminal conduct, as he
thought, by which he had involved the country in
hostilities. He was willing to furnish all neces-
sary means to carry on the war—to increase the
pay of volunteers, if necessary; but he was not
willing to see the Executive of the United States,
under color of this war, resort to means even
for carrying it on not recognised and permitted by
the law-making power. It was manifest, he said,
that this was to be a war of conquest, and that this
measure of military emigrants was one of the means
resorted to for its protection.
Mr. THURMAN said that there was an hour-
rule m this house, to which he was not partial; but,
nevertheless, he did not now mean to avail himself
even of that rule. He had promised the chairman
of the Committee on the Territories to occupy but
a quarter of the time allowed by that rule; and he
meant to keep his promise.
He was induced to make a few remarks by the
turn the debate had taken. In the first place, he
might say that no man, he believed, was more dis-
satisfied with the settlement that had been made of
the Oregon question than he was. He was really
and sincerely dissatisfied with that settlement, and
would never be found defending the course of any
man, of any party, who had been instrumental in
bringing that settlement about. But while he said
this, he did think that sarcasms on account of
that settlement came with a rather bad grace from
the Whig members of either branch of this Con-
gress. Which one of those members had stood
up for 54° 40' ? The gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Adams] had done so. He had been
consistent throughout; but what member of his
party in Congress had followed his lead? There
might be one or two, but Mr. T. did not recollect
one. If he recollected aright, his colleague who
had just taken his seat [Mr. Schenck] had offered
an amendment to the Oregon notice resolution, to
the effect that the dispute ought to be settled by
negotiation and compromise. His recollection
might not be accurate as to this matter, for he bad
not seen the amendment since it was offered, and
he would therefore be glad if his colleague would
state what it was.
Mr. SCHENCK explained that his amendment
did not contain the word "compromise." The
amendment containing that word was offered by a
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Dargan.] It
failed, and thereupon Mr. S. offered an amend-
ment to the effect that the difficulty was a proper
subject for negotiation, and ought to be so set-
tled.
Mr. THURMAN (resuming) said that his col-
league was no doubt correct, as he would be much
more likely to recollect the terms of an amendment
offered by himself than would another. But he
had a question to put to his colleague. Did his
colleague vote for the amendment of Mr. Dargan,
which asserted that the question ought to be set-
tled by " compromise."
Mr. SCHENCK (answering) said that he did
vote for that amendment. That he had never had
such a holy horror of that word " compromise"
as some of his Democratic friends seemed to have.
That he believed our title to 54° 40' was the best
title, and in the previous Congress was one of fif-
teen Whigs who voted for an Oregon bill which
recognised the 51° 40' line. But our title to part
of the country not being " clear and unquestion-
able," as the President had styled it., he (Mr. S.)
had not been disposed to involve the country in
the calamities of war, if the question could be hon-
orably settled by negotiation and compromise.
Mr. THURMAN (resuming) said that his col-
league had given such good reasons for the treaty
that had been made, that Mr. T. supposed it was
not necessary for him to say more on that subject.
Mr. SCHENCK. My colleague misunderstands
me, if ho understands me as having made a defence
of the treaty.
Mr. THURMAN. I did not so understand my
colleague. I spoke, of the i:gonil reasons" he gave
for the treaty. Mr. T. repeated that he (Mr. T.)
thought the treaty wrong'—that it ought never to
have been made; but he did not think it lay in the
mouths of the Whigs to taunt the Democrats m
reference to it.
Mr. T. next adverted to the remarks of his col-
league, in reference to the pay of the volunteers.
When the war bill was under consideration, a mo-
tion had been made in committee to pay the volun-
teers §10 per month. Mr. T. voted for the prop-
osition. But when the bill came to be considered
in the House, it being ascertained that the regulars
received but $7 per month, and it being perfectly
certain, that if $10 per month were given to the
volunteers and but $7 to the regulars, the act to
increase the rank and file of the regular army
would be a dead letter; and it being obviously im-
possible, or if possible, unjust, to have two bodies
of troops in service, side by side, one body receiv-
ing $10 per month and the other but §7, he had
voted in the House against the proposition he had
spoken of, intending to do, what he had steadily
done since, that is, vote to give both regulars and
volunteers §10 per month. And now, what had
been the. course of the Whigs on this question'
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stewart]
had frequently offered propositions to increase the
pay of the volunteers to $10 per month. He had
been repeatedly appealed to to frame his proposition
so as to include the regulars, and thus obviate the
objections before spoken of; but he had never
done so within Mr. T.'fr recollection. Well, un-
der these circumstances, Mr. T.'s colleague [Mr.
Brinkerhoff] prepared a bill giving $10 per
month to both regulars and volunteers, and mo-red
to suspend the rides so as to introduce it. What
was the result of the motion ?. _Why, not ten Whigs
voted for it.
Mr. SCHENCK. Nor Democrats either.
Mr. THURMAN. I agree; he could not even
get the yeas and nays on his motion; but that is
not the question. The Whigs have sought to make
capital out of this matter of the pay of the volun-
teers. They have professed to be their peculiar
friends; and yet not ten of them were found sus-
taining Mr. Brinkerhoff's bill.
Mr. T. next referred to his colleague's remark,
" that he did not want old Federal papers quoted
' on him, which seemed to be chiefly within the
1 recollection of members of the other side," (the
Democrats.) Mr. T. said it was quite possible
that those papers were better recollected by Dem-
ocrats than by Whigs, for the latter were, per-
haps, quite willing to forget them—a disposition
for which Mr. T. did not by any means blame
them.
Mr. T. would now take notice, briefly, of what
his colleague had said about Colonel Stevenson's
California regiment. The Californias were Mex-
ican provinces, and we were at war with Mexico.
Did his colleague think it wrong to invade them?
He was certain his colleague would not say so.
He was confident his colleague would admit that
it was just as proper to invade the Californias, as
to march into any other province of Mexico.
Mr. SCHENCK. To be suie it is. '
Mr. THURMAN. Well, there is nothing, then,
in the destination of Stevenson's regiment that is
wrong. What then' Why, it is said that they are
armed emigrants; that it is contemplated to leave
them in California. Now, what do Colonel Sie-
venson's instructions on this point amount to? Sim-
ply this: that he shall make known to his troops
that the Government will, if it see proper, disband
them in any territory that may belong to th e United
States on the Pacific at the conclusion of the war.
But for this, the troops would naturally expect to be
brought back to New Yojk before they were dis-
charged. The instructions to Colonel Stevenson
merely inform them that if they enter the service,
they do so with the understanding that a right is
reserved to disband them in our Pacific territory.
What is there strange or unusual in this? Cer-
tainly nothing. But it is said that all this squints
at a conquest of California. Well, Mr. T. would
put this case to his colleague: Mexico owes our
citizens large sums of money. Suppose, at the
end of the war, finding herself unable to pay in
money, she offers to pay in the Californias, or
some part thereof—would my colleague object to
sueh a treaty? I do not believe he would.
Mr. SCHENCK, (jocularly speaking from his
seat.) It will be time enough for me to answer
that question when I get into the Senate and have
a vote on the treaty.
Mr. THURMAN. Good! My colleague de-
serves a seat in the Senate, I grant.
Mr. SCHENCK. Oh, no; let that pass.
Mr. THURMAN. Well, in the mean time, I
stick to my opinion that my colleague would not
oppose such a treaty.
Kir. SCHENCK. Perhaps I would not, I will
! not say on the spur of the moment, that I would.
I It is probable that, following the instinct of the
; Anglo-Saxon race, of whom so much has been said
here, I might go for the land, though I entertain
i great doubts whether it would be ultimately for
I the benefit of the country.
' Mr. THLTRMAN. Well, now it seems to me
that here is an end of my colleague's objections to
i Colonel Stevenson's instructions. He grants that
1 it is as proper to invade the Californias as it is to
| invade any other part of Mexico; and he further
| concedes tfiat it maypossibly be proper to conclude
a treaty by which we will acquire a part of the Cal-
| ifornias. Now, is not this decisive of the whole
i question at issue?
i Mr. SCHENCK. "What I object to is, that
! property of the United States (as rumor says) has
; been promised to these volunteers. Now I ask my
1 colleague—1st. Are Stevenson's troops part of the
