1840.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1203
50,000 volunteers; and if not, by what authority-
are they raised ? 2d. What authority has the Pres-
ident to promise them property of the United States,
if that has been done ? 3d. Is this expedition in-
tended as part of a war of conquest ?
Mr. THURMAN. I understand them to be part
of the 50,000 volunteers, and therefore raised by
authority of law. And as to the second inquiry,
I do not understand that any such promises have
been made. I have not seen nor heard of any such
thing. As to the third question, we are at war
with Mexico, and I suppose it to be quite usual
and proper to conquer the provinces of an enemy.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, remarking
that this was the last day of the session when,
under the rules, bills could be sent to the other
House, or to the President, moved that the com-
mittee rise, with a view of offering a resolution to
terminate this debate.
The motion being agreed to, the committee rose
and reported.
Mr. JAMES THOMPSON offered a resolution
providing that all debate on the said bill shall cease
m twenty minutes after it shall again have been
taken up in committee.
Mr. T. moved the previous question, which was
seconded, and under its operation the resolution
was adopted.
The House then went back into committee.
Mr. McCONNELL moved to strike out the 2d
section, and insert in lieu thereof the proposition
of which he had given notice, to give to every
man, maid, or widow, 160 acres of land, and said
a few words in its defence.
The CHAIR assigned the floor to
Mr. DOUGLASS, who gave way for a brief
explanation to
Mr. OWEN, who said: I have sought the floor
for a few minutes to offer a correction in regard to
a statement made, if I heard aright, by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams.] I am
aware of the great importance attached to every
word which falls from a gentleman of his experi-
ence and high public character; and it is therefore
the more necessary to correct an inaccuracy pro-
ceeding from such a source. I understood the
gentleman from Massachusetts to say, that, by the
late treaty, the waters of Puget Sound were made
free to British subjects. Now, I see it stated, that
the copy of the treaty as published in a Philadel-
phia paper corresponds accurately with that pub-
lished in the English newspapers since its ratifica-
tion. But if that copy maybe trusted, there is
not a word there about granting to Great Britain
the free navigation of Pusjet Sound, or its entrance,
Admiralty Inlet. There is not a word in it about
free navigation at all, except in regard to the Co-
lumbia river and the Straits of Fuea; nor any free
harbors named: though, by the wording, the har-
bors in the above straits may pjrhaps be deemed
free; and that will be so far in our favor, as to give
us free access to the harbors on the point or cap of
Vancouver's Island, south of 49°. In connexion
with a matter which so excites some portions of
the country as this, it is important that it should
be distinctly known, that, according to the late
treaty, Great Britain has no rights whatever m
the Puset Sound waters, nor free access to a single
one of the m.irty' harbors contained in that sound,
or ill the inlet which forms its entrance from Fuea's
Straits.
Mr. PERRY. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Indiana, whether he is in favor of the treaty
lately ratified ?
Mr. OWEN. I say, frankly, so far from being
ashamed (to use the "language of the gentle nan
from Massachusetts, Mr. Adams) of the boundary
we have obtained, that I should be glad to have
the terms of that boundary incorporated, in the
very words of the treaty, in the first section of
this bill. I say, further, in regard to the treaty
itself, that, calling to mind the facts, that President
Monroe, in 1818, voluntarily, and as a first offer,
proposed to Great Britain the line of 49'\ expressly
adding the free navigation of the Columbia; that
the same President, in 1833, after the acquisition of
the Spanish title, caused a similar offer to be re-
newed ,intimating, indeed, that it would be desiia-
ble to obtain 51°, but if Great Britain earnestly
insisted upon it, we would consent to the parallel
of 49° to the sea; considering, further, that the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts himself, [Mr. Adams,]
in 1826, caused his Secretary of State (Mr. Clay)
a third time to propose the extension of the line of
49° to the Pacific, and again to offer, in conjunction
with that line, the free navigation of the Columbia
to British subjects, without a single restriction
either as to time or to the commerce of the Hud-
son Bay Company; considering, yet once more,
that a proposal of the same parallel was renewed
in 1843, and finally, that it was made even last
year by our present Chief Magistrate; in view of
these various offers of compromise, I say, that men
who have looked calmly and dispassionately over
the whole ground, must have come long since to
the conclusion, if Great Britain, departing from
pretensions to the Columbia river as a boundary—
pretensions stoutly maintained for a quarter of a
century—did, at last, offer to us the very line we bad
five times offered to her, that the public opinion of
the world would not permit us to reject it.
Mr. CHIPMAN. Will the gentleman^allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. OWEN. Certainly.
Mr. CHIPMAN. Then I wish to inquire of
him, whether he so construes the wording of the
late treaty as to give to all British subjects, in per-
petuity, the free navigation of the Columbia?
Mr. OWEN. I am not a lawyer, sir, and be-
sides, have had no opportunity to examine this
question with sufficient care, to offer a matured
opinion. My present decided impression is, how-
ever, that a grant of this right to a particular corpo-
ration , and that grant specially restricted to the term
of their charter, cannot, in any fairness, be con-
strued into a renunciation of the right to British
subjects generally, or in perpetuity, even to the
company named.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, chairman of
the Committee on Indian Affairs, (Mr. Douglass
further yielding,) said he had drawn, under the
instructions of the Committee on Indian Affairs,
two amendments which he intended to offer as ad-
ditional sections to this bill. The first provided
for the extension of our Indian laws over this ter-
ritory; and the second, as the Governor of Oregon
was made superintendent of Ipdian affairs, pro-
vided for the creating one additional agent, and
giving him the same powers and compensation as
allowed to other agents. This the committee
thought would be enough.
Mr. DOUGLASS, resuming the floor, said lie
had examined these two sections, and thought it
proper they should be added to the bill.
He did not desire to go into the discussion of
the Oregon question, but merely to explain the
provisions of this bill. He had no wish to enter
into an examination of the question raised by the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schekck] in regard to
tile additional regiment which was said to be des-
tined for California. He would only correct what
he conceived to be a misapprehension on the part
of that gentleman, and to say that no promise of
property of any description had been made to them
by any authority more than was given to any other
regiment.
Mr. SCHENCK explained thathe did not un-
derstand that the instructions of the Secretary of
War included any offer to Colonel Stevenson's
regiment, but he heard that it had been made, and
also a similar offer to a body of Mormons^ on
condition that they would emigrate to California.
Mr. DOUGLASS (resuming) could only state
that he had no knowledge in either instance of any
such offer having been made. He was not autho-
rized to deny it; but he believed that nothing of
that kind had taken place. He was authorized to
state that the Committee on Military Affairs knew
nothing of any such instructions having been given,
or in contemplation.
Now, in regard to this Oregon bill: the bill as
now presented, was a simple proposition foi the
establishment of a territorial government west of
the Rocky Mountains, to be called the Territory of
Oregon. In drawing the bill he had had reference
to the various charters for toe territorial govern-
ments that had existed in this country, and espe-
cially in the northwest, commencing with the
Northwest Territory, and embracing those of In-
diana, Illinois, Michigan, and Iowa. He found all
these territorial governments had been based on
the same principles, and had the same general pio-
visions running throughout their charters, lnere
had been slight modifications made as experience
had indicated necessary; and of all of them, he be-
lieved that of Iowa was most perfect. Hence, in
drawin" this bill, he had made it a mere abstract
of the territorial government of Iowa, with a few
such changes only as were necessary to adapt it
to the territory the other side of the mountains. _
There was, a greater propriety in this for this
reason: The people of Oregon had established for
themselves a provisional government. Finding
themselves without law, yet being accustomed to
the laws and institutions of republicanism, and
being moral, upright, and religious, they found it
became necessary for them to establish a govern-
ment for themselves, underwhich they could be
governed, until the government of their native
country should prescribe one for them. They
established, therefore, the provisional government
of Oregon; and he found they took many and
nearly all the statutes of Iowa, and declared them
in full force in the Territory of Oregon, making
slight modifications and additions to them. And
these laws, adopted by themselves, and copied
principally from the laws of Oregon, now consti-
tuted a code of laws for the government of the
people of Oregon. Hence, he had provided in this
bill, under tlie instructions of the Committee on
Territories, that the laws now existing in the Ter-
ritory of Oregon, by authority of the provisional
government, should continue in force, and be valid
until altered, modified, repealed, or amended by
this government proposed to be adopted. They
left, therefore, the present code of laws in force,
believing them better adapted to the people there
than any we could adopt, and that it was better
for them, under this bill, to remedy theni than to
remedy them ourselves; so that we provide that
all the justices of the peace, constables, and other
ministerial officers under the authority of the ex-
isting provisional government shall continue in
office under the authority of this bill until displaced
by the appointment of their successors under it.
Consequently, m fact this bill makes no sudden
change, but gradually changes their subsisting
government into a territorial government, such as
we have in other Territories.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] asked
hftn if there was any provision in the bill that
Congress may repeal the laws of the Oregon Le-
gislature? In reply, I will state, the usual powers
of legislation, such as are possessed in all the other
Territories of the Union, are conferred upon the
Legislative Council of Oregon, provided that the
laws now in force m Oregon shall continue m force
until altered or repealed by authoiity of the Ore-
gon Legislature. It is also provided, that when a
law is passed by the Oregon Legislature, it shall
be reported to the Congress of the United States,
and, unless disapproved by Congress, shall be the
law of the land, provided it is not inconsistent with
the Oregon bill now passed; so that the gentleman
will see it is precisely the same as has prevailed in
all our territorial governments, and which expe-
rience has sanctioned as sound and wise.
One word in regard to the boundaries of this
new Territory. Ho was sorry to find the vener-
able gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams]
take exceptions to the mode in which the commit-
tee had seen proper to define the boundaries of
this Territory. There were reasons that were
very obvious for the adoption of it. One was, that
the bill was prepared before the terms of the treaty
had been made known, and there was only this
day left for legislation on this subject. Hence
they were bound to prepare a bill with reference
to what they believed to be the treaty, and to
trust to making such amendments in the House as
the disclosure of the treaty itself should show ne-
cessary, to make it conform to it. They found^ it
also sanctioned by the House, so far as its provis-
ion in relation to boundaries was concerned, in the
passage of the bill establishing a quasi territorial
government over Oregon, in which the House
adopted the identical provision as now reported,
leaving out the northern and southern boundary,
and givin0, the general description of all the terri-
tory of the United States lying west of the summit
of the Rocky Mountains. That bill was reported
fixin" the line of 54° 40' as the northern bounda-
ry; and he, as a friend of 54° 40', preferred it.
The reason was obvious, viz: if it eould havebeen
passed through both Houses in that form, he did
not believe the Executive would yield an inch
bolow. A majority of this House thought other-
wise. They were unwilling to commit themselves
up to 54° 40!, and  .
The time allowed for the debate having expired,
the committee proceeded to vote.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON moved to add two-
