1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1205
Mr. PEARCE submitted the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved* That each member of the Senate be
authorized to subscribe for twelve copies of the
debates of Congress, as published in the Congres-
sional- Globe, by Blair db Rives, or in the Register
of Debates, by Gales & Seaton: Provided, The re-
port of said, debates shall be subject to the revision
of the speakers, and shall be mixed with no ex-
trinsic matter, whether political or otherwise, and
shall be paid for out of the contingent fund of the
Senate, at prices not exceeding $3 per copy, for
the debates of the short sessions, ana §6 per copy
for the debates of the long sessions. But if the
printing done in publishing said reports of debates
shall not amount to those prices at the present rates
of Congress printing, then the price of said copies
to be as much less as the deficiency at these rates
may amount to, but in no case is the price of said
copies to exceed three and six dollars each, as
above provided.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be
authorized to contract with Messrs Blair & Rives
and Messrs. Gales & Seaton accordingly, and no-
tify the Senate thereof*
Mr. CALHOUN expressed himself entirely op-
posed to the resolution, and demanded the yeas
and nays upon the adoption of the resolution,
which were ordered; and, being taken, resulted as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alien, Bagby, Barrow, Berrien, Benton,
Cass, Cilley, John M. Clayton, Corvvxn, Davis, Dickinson,
Houston, Jarnagin, Joun-on of Louisiana, Johnson ot'Mary-
laud, Maugum, Greene, Miller, Peaice, Simmons, Stuigeon,
Westcott, and Woodhridge—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Breese,
Calhoun, Cameron, Thomas Clayton, Evans, Fairfield,
>IcDuffie, xwles. Rusk, Semple, Sevier, Speight, Turney,
and Yulee—17.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. SPEIGHT asked if the resolution was
passed, so that there would be no further action
thereon.
The PRESIDING OPFIGER replied that it
■was passed.
On motion of Mr. WEBSTER, the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in committee of the whole, to the con-
sideration of " An act declaratory of the powers,
and legalizing certain acts of the chief clerk of the
Patent Office;" which was reported to the Senate
with amendments, the amendments weie concur-
red in, the bill ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
the Committee of Pensions, was discharged from
the further consideration of the petition of Joseph
Elliott, and leave was granted to the petitioner to
withdraw his papers.
[A message was received from the House of
Representatives, announcing- that said House had
concurred in the report of the committee of con-
ference in relation to the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses upon the army appropriation bill.
Also, announcing that said House had resolved to
insist on their amendments and disagreement to
the action of the Senate on the naval appropria-
tion bili, and asked a conference thereon. Also,
that said House had passed a bill to establish a
territorial government in Oregon, &c.]
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, asked that said committee be discharged
from the further consideration of the bill for the
relief of the executor of Benjamin Chaires, de-
ceased, Gad Humphreys, and 'Pedro Miranda, as-
signees of Jose de la Mayor Arredondo, and that
the report thereon be printed; which was agreed
t0-Mr. J. M. CLAYTON, from the Committee on
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of John A.
Rogers; which was read and passed to the second
reading, and the bill was ordered to be printed.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, reported a bill for the relief of Mary G.
Clitz; which was read, and passed to the second
reading, and the report was ordered to be printed.
OREGON.
The House bill establishing a territorial govern-
ment in Oregon, was read twice, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
CONVENTION WITH PERU.
The House act, to carry into effect the conven-
tion between the United States and the Republic
of Peru, concluded at Lima the 17th of March,
1841, was read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
REDUCTION OF POSTAGE.
On motion of Mr. NILES, the Senate proceed-
ed, as in committee of the whole, to the consider-
ation of the bill in amendment of an act entitled
" An act to reduce the rates of postage, to limit
' the use and correct the abuse of the franking
' privilege, and for the prevention of frauds on the
' Post Office Der lartment."
Mr. SPEIGHT called for its reading.
Some discussion ensued in relation to the abuse
of the franking privilege, by mailing letters to
other individuals under cover to members of Con-
gress, &c., in the course of which Mr. SPEIGHT
observed, and expressed the wish, that the re-
porters would notice it—that he desired no man to
send letters under cover to him to a third party.
After amendment, the bill was reported to the
Senate, the amendments concurred in, the bill or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading, read a
third time, and passed in the following form:
A BILL in amendment of ;in act entitled "An act to reduec
the rates of postage, to limit the use, and correct the abuse
of the franking privilege, and for the prevention of frauds
on the Post Office Department."
Be it enaetcd by the Senate and Houseof Representatives of
the United States of Jlmerica in Congress assembled, That it
shall not be lawful to enclose two or more letters directed
to different persons in the same enclosure or package, with
a view to defraud the revenue, to be conveyed in the mail;
and any person offending against this provision, shall forfeit
ten dollars, to be recovered by action qui tarn, one-half for
the benefit of the informer, and the other half lor the use of
the Post Office Department; and newspapers, wSiether con-
veyed more or less than thirty miles, shall be subject to
postage; and newspapers not sent from the office of publi-
cation, shall pav a postage of three cent-*, and the same and
all circulars shall not be received at any post office for con-
veyance in the mail, or for delivery, unless the postage is
paid at the time they are deposited in the post otlice for
tiansmission or delivery, anything in the act to which this
is an amendment to the contrary notwithstanding; and the
franking privilege of the members of the two Houses of
Congress and the delegates of Tcrmories, in respect to let-
ters addressed to them, shall be the same as it is in lespeet
to letters written by them and conveyed in the mail; and it
shall be lawful for any mail earner to convey newspapers
out of the mail for sale or distiibution to subscubeis.
Sec. 2. Jlnd he 11 further enartc<K That no allowance or
compensation shah be made to deputy postmasters in addi-
tion to their commissions as authorized by law, excepting
the receipts from boxes, and excepting also the allowance
made by law to the postmasters at the ,city of Washington
and New Orleans; but the Postmaster General may, and he
is hereby authorized to increase the commissions of deputy
postmasters five per centum on the letter postage received
by them, and thicc per centum on the mails distributed; and
the leceipts for boxes used m post offices, beyond one thou-
sand dollars, shall be applied hy deputy postmasters in de-
fiaymg the expenses of their offices, and shall be accounted
for ill the same manner as they are required to account lor
their commissions.
Sec. 3. -And be it further enacted, That deputy postmas-
ters, m their quaiterly accounts hereafter to be rendered,
shall include all claims astainst the Post Office Department,
of whatever nature oi kind they may be ; and the failure to
make sucli claims against the department, in two quai teily
returns, shall be held and taken by the accounting officers
of the treasury, and the Postmaster General, as conclusive
evidence against sucll claim, and such accounts shall not
thereafter be allowed; and the accounts between each depu-
ty postmaster of the department shall be finally balanced and
closed at the end of eveiy second quarter.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it farther enacted. That so much of the act
to which this is an amendment, "and all other acts relating
to the Post Office Department, as are inconsistent with this
act, be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion, it was resolved that a committee be
appointed by the Chair to confer with a like com-
mittee on the part of the House of Representa-
tives upon the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
upon the naval appropriation bill.
The PRESIDENT appointed Messrs. Fair-
field, Cameron', and Yulee.
The PRESIDENT here gave notice that he was
about to leave his seat, which he would not resume
again during the present session. He gave this no-
tice (he said) that the Senate might take such action
as would be proper.
[Several messages in writing were received from
the President of the United States.]
The Senate considered, as in committee of the
whole, the House bill to establish an additional
land office in Iowa; which was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read a third time, and passed.
The Senate, as in committee of the whole, pro-
ceeded to the consideration of " An act to grant a
certain quantity of land to aid in the improvement
of the Fox and Wisconsin rivers, and to connect
the same by a canal in the Territory of Wiscon-
sin;" which was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passsd.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of-
"An act to amend the act entitled 'An act to grant
a quantity of land to the Territory of Wisconsin,
for the purpose of aiding in openinga canal to con-
nect the waters of Lake Michigan with those of
Rock river;' "which, after discussion, was laid on
the table by yeas 31, nays not counted.
On motion of Mr. WOODBRIDGE, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of the " joint reso-
lution relative to errors and defective returns in
certain surveys, plats, and field notes;" which was
reported without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
Mr. ASHLEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported back the (House) bill to regulate
the district and circuit courts of the United States,
and for other purposes, with amendments.
After some discussion, and the adoption of a por-
tion of the amendments by the committee, and sun-
dry others, the bill was reported to the Senate, the
amendments were concurred in, the bill ordered to
a third reading, read a third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, the Senate then took
up the general calendar, with a view to action upon
such House bills as were not objected to, it being
considered improbable that any Senate bills of a
purely private character could now be passed in
the Senate, and receive the concurrence of the
other House.
Bills from the House, therefore, with the follow-
ing titles, were considered and passed, viz:
"An act to regulate writs of error and appeals
from the district court of the United States for tire
middle district of Alabama."
" An act to amend the act, approved 2d April,
1844, entitled ' An act directing the disposition of
certain goods, wares, and merchandise, seized for
being illegally imported into the United States.' "
" Bill to refund to certain persons named there-
in an excess of duty exacted on the importation
of foreign merchandise."
[The" latter bill was passed as a substitute for the
bill for the relief of Smith, Thurger & Company,
with an amendment providing for an extension of
its provisions over certain other cases of the same
character.] v
"An act to enable the Secretary of the Navy to
purchase the right of using Mix's patent manger
stopper."
"An act making copies of papers certified by the
Secretary of the Senate and the Clerk of the House
of Representatives legal evidence."
[The latter bill was amended by substituting the
words " extracts from the journal of the Senate
and House of Representatives," for the words
" copies of papers."]
"An act for the allowance of drawback on mer-
chandise imported into certain districts of the Uni-
ted States from the British North American prov-
inces, and exported to foreign countries."
"An act for the relief of John R. Williams."
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTE.
"An act to establish the Smithsonian Institution
for the increase and diffusion of knowledge among
men," was passed over in consequence of want or
time for consideration."]
"An act for the relief of Langtry & Jenkins."
"An act for the relief of Isaiah Parker."
"An act granting a pension to Orris Crosby."
"An act to authorize the constituted authorities
of the county of Polk, in the Territory of Iowa,
to enter a quarter section of land for a seat of jus-
tice."
[CONVENTION WITH PERU.
Mr. McDUFFIE, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, reported, without amendment, the
House bill to carry into effect the convention with
the Republic of Peru, concluded at Lima on the
17th March, 1841.]
"An act to equalize the compensation of the sur:
veyors-general of the public lands of the United
States." . .
" An act granting certain lands to the territory
of Iowa, to aid in the improvement of the naviga-
tion of the Des Moines river, in said Territory."
[" An act to amend the act entitled 1 An act to
