1206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 7;
grant a quantity of land to the Territory of Wis-
consin, for the purpose of aiding in opening' a
canal to connect the waters of Lake Michigan with
those of Rock river.' " Laid on the table.]
" An act granting a pension to Elijah C. Bab-
bit."
" An act for the relief of John G. McCloud, of
Linn county, Iowa."
" An act to confirm an entry of land made by the
administrator of James Anderson, deceased, of
Iowa Territory."
LETTERS OF MARQUE AND REPRISAL.
Mr. McDTJFFIE, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, reported a bill to authorize the
President of the United States to issue letters of
marque and reprisal against Mexico. Mr. McD.
stated that the Executive department had received
Information that there was a proposition before the
Mexican Congress to issue letters of marque and
reprisal against the United States; and the bill now
reported was intended to meet the emergency
•which would present itself in case that proposition
■were acted upon by Mexico.
Mr. SIMMONS asked if any letters of marque
had been issued by Mexico?
Mr. McDCTFFiE replied that it was said that a
proposition to do so was befoie the Mexican Con-
gress.
Mr. DAYIS suggested that the title of the bill
be amended, so as to read, " to authorize the
President of the United States to issue letters of
marque and reprisal," instead of "to protcct the
commerce of the United States."
The title was so amended, and the bill was read
a third time and passed.
At this stage of the proceedings the Senate re-
solved to take a recess until six o'clock, p. m., and
the recess was taken accordingly.
EVENING SESSION.
The act disaffirming all laws of the Territories
of Iowa and Wisconsin granting banking privileges
having been read,
Mr. EYANS said he should object to the con-
sideration of this bill.
Mr. WESTCOTT contended that it should be
A long debate ensued, in which Messrs. DAYIS,
WESTCOTT, and others participated; when
Mr. HUNTINGTON moved to lay the bill
on the table, giving his reasons at large for the
motion.
Mr. BREESE called the yeas and nays; and
the result of the vote was—yeas 21, nays 2]. So
the motion was lost.
Mr. DAVIS, after some remarks upon the im-
propriety of passing such a bill, moved to lay it
on the table; but the motion was rejected.
The question on the bill was further argued by
Messrs. PEARCE, JOHNSON of Maryland,
HUNTINGTON, and others, against its passage,
and by Messrs. BREESE, CASS, and others, in
favor; when
Mr. CAMERON moved to lay it on the table,
appealing to Senators not to waste the time of the
Senate by adhering to a measure which it was
evident could not be passed without consuming
a great deal of time.
Mr. BREESE again called the yeas and nays
on the question, and the result was—yeas 22, nays
23. There appearing a disposition to pass the bill,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, made an elabo
rate argument against its passage.
Mr. MILLER adverted to the fact that the Com-
mittee on the Territories had reported against the
bill, and yet there was an attempt, in the face of
that report, to pass the hill, and to do which, there
appeared a determination to set aside all the other
bills on the calendar.
Mr. BERRIEN addressed the Senate at length
■with much zeal and animation, as also did Mr.
HUNTINGTON, against the passage of the bill.
Mr. BERRIEN again moved to lay the bill on
the table; and adverted to the fact that, unless such
disposition was made of it, the whole calendar
would be put in jeopardy.
The yeas and nays were again demanded; and
the result was as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Benion, Cameron. Cil-
ley, John M. Clayton, Thomas Clayton. Corvvm, Cutteiiden,
Bavis, Evans, Greene, Huntington, Jarnagm, Johnson of
■L. >tu iana, .l<inu:~ou or Maiylanil, Manguin, Milier, More-
i ixt )!'00: Phelps, Kusk, Simmons, Upham, Wehster,
and Woodbndge—86. '
NAYS—Messrs. Ashley, Atchison, Atherton, Bagby,
Breese, Blight, Calhoun, Cass, Chalmers, Dickinson, JDix,
Faufield, Hdiincgan, Houston, Lewis, McDuffie, Niles,
Spmpie, Sevier, Speight, Sturgeon, Turney, Westcott, and
Yulee—24.
So the bill was laid on the table.
After several reports from Committees were
made—
The Senate proceeded to the business on the
calendar, and private bills were passed—
For the relief Samuel Jordan, Richard Hargrave
Lee, James Journey, Jose Carxillo, heirs of Tho-
mas Kelly, Eli Merrill, Solomon Russell, Amos
Hunting, heirs of Cyrus Turner, Thomas Ap Ca-
tesby Jones, John McAllister, Griffin Kelly, Ben-
jamin Allen, Daniel H. Warren, Peter Rife, Leah
Gray, Mary Campbell, John Milsted, Patrick
Kelly, sen., Ebenezer Conant, Lewis Laing, Wil-
liam Gump, Patrick Masterson, Joseph Dusseau,
James Gee, Margaret Gwinnup, Mary Phelps,
John Carr, Surranus'Cobb, Justin Jacobs, Abra-
ham Ausman, Aqtiilla Goodwin, John Campbell,
Lois Mattison, the owners of ship Herald, Cap-
tain John Patton, Mary Segar, Gregory Thomas,
Sheldon B. Hayes, Wylie B. Farnell of Ala-
bama, Jacob Smith, CharlesK.Smith, and others,
William Pool, Daniel Piatt, John B. Denton and
Curtis Humphreys, William P. Lang, Samuel D.
Walker, William Moss, the legal representatives
of John Ruddle, Samuel D. Enochs, Elizabeth
Betts, John Patton, the legal representatives of
John Rice .Tones, the legal representatives of Tho-
mas Murray,.ir., and Dr. John Gray.
Bills were also passed of the following titles :
An act authorizing the trustees of Tymochtee
township, Wyandot county, Ohio, to select lands
for schools within the Wyandot reserve.
An act authorizing the inhabitants of township
one, of range thirteen east, Seneca county, Ohio,
to lelinquish certain lands selected for schools, and '
to obtain others in lieu of them.
An act to provide for transporting the mail of
the United States to Oregon.
A n act supplementary to the act passed on the
20th day of February, 1846, entitled " An act to
enlarge the poweis of the several Orphans' Courts
held in and for the District of Columbia."
VOLUNTEERS CALLED OUT BY GEN. GAINES.
A joint resolution making an appropriation for
the payment of the volunteers called out by Gen-
eral Gaines and others, was considered, slightly
amended so as to provide for the payment of cer-
tain Mississippi volunteers, and passed.
A message from the President of the United
States, transmitting: a report of the Secretary of
the Treasury, m relation to a standard of weights,
measures,&c., was read, and ordered to be printed.
The Senate then, at ten o'clock, p. m., proceed-
ed to the consideration of Executive business, and,
after some time spent therein,
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
- Friday, Jiugust 7, 1846.
The Journal of yesterday (having been read in
part only) was approved.
Mr. WH EATON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, made a report.
TREATIES OF THE UNITED STATES?.
The bill to provide for the more effectual enforce-
ment of certain provisions of the treaties of the
United States, (from the consideration of which the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union ,
had heretofore been discharged,) was announced i
by the SPEAKER as the unfinished business. j
And the bill was read a third time and passed. '
THE BANKRUPT LAW. :
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com- j
munication from the State Department, in answer |
to calls heretofore made by this House for infor- i
mation as to the number of persons who had ap- \
plied for the benefit of the late general bankrupt j
law.
On motion of Mr. HUBARD, of Virginia, laid •
on the table and ordered to be printed. !
In the case of Richard Elliott, the Committee of 1
Conference heretofore appointed on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses, made a report, which was
concurred in.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House took up the report (on the Speaker's
table) from the second committee of conference
heretofore appointe&ofl the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on certain amendments to the bill ma-
king appropriations for the support of the army
for the current fiscal year.
The report recommended a compromise; which
was concurred in.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The bill making appropriations for the'support
of the navy for the current fiscal year was taken
UP-
And, on motion of Mr. McKAY, the House in- .
sisted on its disagreement to the amendment of the
Senate; and a committee of conference was ordered
to be appointed.
THE MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
This bill (which had been returned from the
Senate with amendments) was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the State of the Union.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The bill making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the cur-
rent fiscal year, (which had been returned from the
Senate with amendments,) was reported back by ,
Mr. McKAY, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, and referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
PAYMENT OF VOLUNTEERS AND MILITIA.
Mr. McKAY, on leave given, reported from the
Committee of Ways and Means the following joint
resolution, directing the payment of certain volun-
teers and militia under the limitations therein pre-
scribed:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of Jim erica in Congress assembled, That the
Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, authorized and re-
quired to cause to be paid out of the impropriation made by
the act providing for the prosecution of the existing war
hetween the United States of America apd the Republic of
Mcxico, approved the 13tli day of May, 1846, to the volun-
tceisand militia called and aetualjy received by virtue of
tlw oiders of General E. P. Gaines, into the service of the
United States during the present year, and discharged be-
fore joining the army, and L-ueh companies as were actually
oigamzed and rendezvoused under said call, including the
two companies of Major Gally'& command, ai.d tho company
at Baton Rouge arsenal, and al&o the company of Missis-
sippi volunteers, ("Natches Fensibles,'*) organized and as-
sembled at Vicksburg, and afterwards disbanded, or dis-
charged; and the companies of Ohio volunteers assembled
at Camp Washington, near Cincinnati, and who claim to
have been mustered into set vice, one day's pay, and allow-
ances for every day detained m service, and the usual trav-
elling allowances, and no more. JlriAfurther, That where
States or individuals ha\e p.iid the expenses, or provided
the means of tiari-sportation of volunteers to the place of
rendezvous, and furnished i-ubsistenee or clothing, the pro-
portional amount thus furnished to each man, not exceed-
in? the legal allowance to each, may be charged on the pay
rolls, and withheld, and paid to the State or individual who
actually pio\ided the same.
And be itfarther resohed, That when surgeons or assist-
ant surgeons have attended regiments of volunteers to the
tune when medical officer duly appointed by the United
states entered upon the duties Vvitli said regiments, th^y
may receive the same mte of compensation, and to a like
number as piovided fv>r by law, and persons doing the duties
of assistant quartermasters, and assistant eommir.saries, un-
der like circumstances may in like manner receive the same
rate of compensation, and to a like nuarber of days, as
authorized by existing law.
The resolution having been twice read,
Mr. McKAY called for the reading of a letter
on the subject from the Secretary of War, which,
was read.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved to
amend the resolution by inserting after "Natchez
Fencibles,35 and Pontotoc Rovers.
Mr. T., in support of his amendment, said he
had no desire to discuss this icsolution. Advances
had been made by the States in good faith, and
they ought to be reimbursed. But as the princi-
ples of this bill co\ered the case of the Pontotoc
Rovers, he hoped it would be inserted, lest the
construction might be that the resolution did not
cover their case. On the same principle that you
pay the Natchez Fencibles, you must pay the
Pontotoc Rovers. The cases are equally merito-
rious, and these gallant men exhibited the same
patriotism and readiness to obey the calls of their
country. He knew the difficulty of making such
amendment without the consent of the Committee
of Ways and Means. He was persuaded the
omission must have occurred by inadvertence.
He appealed to the chairman of that committee to
allow the amendment to be inserted without oppo-
sition. In most cases, he knew the difficulty of
allowing amendments in such cases, but he be-
lieved this was an isolated and peculiar -case.
