1208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. %
Grande to Savannah, and has no pretence of de-
fence except at St. Augustine, Pensacola, Mo-
bile, and some points defending New Orleans.
Small or light-draught armed steamers, constantly-
traversing the coast, will be the best possible de-
fence for the shallow waters of that coast, because
they can beat off the boats of larger vessels, and
be capable of meeting similar steamers to them-
selves, if that plan was adopted by an enemy.
3d. Such steamers might with propriety be sub-
ject, in a great measure, to the control of the
Treasury Department, and have an officer of cus-
toms always on board, and contribute much to
prevent smuggling, and dispense with some por-
tion of the revenue service.
4th. The Government, in the Bremen route, has
sanctioned the policy and necessity of building up
a steam marine, and instructing steam sailors. If
this was necessary on the broad Atlantic, how
much more necessary is it around the shallow
shores of the Gulf, where the men and officers would
learn the dangerous currents, shoals, and coasts,
as well as the peculiarities of steam navigation ?
If the immense commercial capital and enterprise
of the eastern cities required the aid of Govern-
ment, how much more is it necessary on the Gulf?
5th. A mail to Oregon has been admitted to be
necessary by all departments of the Government;
a mail from Key West to Chagres, and across the
isthmus, and thence to the Columbia river, would
be the cheapest mode of carrying the mails to the
emigrants in Oregon, and would, at the same time
accommodate our squadrons in the Pacific, our
diplomatic agents, our immense whaling fleet, and
various commercial interests on the Pacific, much
more perfectly than a mere overland mail to Ore-
gon. The appropriation made in the bill is for
thirty thousand dollars. There can be no doubt
that, after the line is established and known, and
the peninsula a little more settled, the increased
freights and passage money will greatly diminish
the cost, and the increased correspondence con-
tribute largely towards its payment.
He did not insist upon the importance of this
line as a mere matter of postage, but the First As-
sistant Postmaster General had presented to him
some views, upon this subject, in connexion with
the routes to Europe, well worthy of consideration.
For himself, he was satisfied if the postage paid
nothing, that the expense would be more than re-
imbursed in commercial facilities and means of
dcfence.
Post Office Department,
" Contractor's Office, Jiugust 6, 1646.
"Sir: I have the honor to say, in answer to your inquiry,
that I am strongly of opinion that a twice-a-month steam-
boat convcyanec between Charleston and Havana, touching
at St. Augustine and Key West, in Florida, would confer
great advantages on the mail service of the United States. It
would be the means of transmitting a large coi respondents
between the United States and the West India Island*, and
of such amount, in my judgment, as would yield an impor-
tant additional postage revenue. It would also become the
channel, in addition to the Boston and New York lines of
European steamers, for the correspondence between a por-
tion of those islands, particulaiiy Cuba, and Europe, and
thus considerably increase the postage receipts.
il Of the importance of the residue of the line you c ontem-
plate, I cannot speak with confidence, as itis more of a local
character. Respectfully, your obedient servant,
S. R. HOBBIE.
"Hon. Mr. Brockenbrough."
Mr. RATHBUN briefly objected to entering
upon such a project as armed mail steamers in a
bill of this character.
Mr. THOMASSON briefly sustained the clauses.
[Mr. Hopkins's objection prevailed, and the
clause was stricken out.
Mr. H. then proposed and carried, at Mr. Brock-
enbrough's suggestion, the following routes as a
substitute for those stricken out, viz:
From Pensacola, via Apalachicola, St. Marks, Cedar Keys,
and Tampa Bay, to Key Weal.
From Key We?,t, via Miami river, Indian river, and Mos-
quito inlet, to Charleston.
From St. Mary's, Georgia, via Nassau Court-house, to
Jackson, Florida.]
The committee rose and repoited the bill and
amendments to the House.
And the question being on concurring in the
amendments, and on ordering the bill to a third
reading,
t Mr. HOPKINS demanded the previous ques-
tion; which was seconded.
And the main question was ordered to be now
taken.
The amendments, except such as were reserved
for a special vote, were concurred in collectively.
On concurring in the amendment of the commit-
tee, striking out the second section of the bill, in
the following words:
That where routes are established in Texas by previous
laws, and the creation of new counties renders it necessary,
said routes shall be so changed as to pass through the county
sites nearest said routes: Provided, That each county site in
Texas is hereby declared to be entitled to the benefit of
having the mail carried to and from the same.
Mr. KAUFMAN demanded a separate ques-
tion; which was ordered.
And the amendment was concurred in.
On the following amendment—
And be it further enacted, That the flanking privilege
which existed previous to the passage of an act reducing
the rates of postage for the year 1645, be, and the same is
hereby, restored to all postmasters of the United States,
whose compensation from their respective offices did not,
for the last year, exceed one hundred dollars-
Mr. E. B. HOLMES asked a separate question;
which was ordered.
Mr. II. asked the yeas and nays, which were
also ordered; and, being taken, resulted as follows:
irEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Atkinson, Barringer,
Bayly, Bedinger, Bell, Bigcrs, James Black, Bowlin, Boyd,
Brinkerhoff, Broekenbrougb, Burt, Chase, Cobb, Cooke,
Collin, Constable, Crozier, Cullom, Cummins, Cunning-
ham, Daniel, Dobbin, Dockery, Douglass, Dunlap. Edsalt,
Erdman, Far an, Ficklin, Foster, Fries, Garvin, Gile*, Gra-
ham, Grider, Haralson, Harmanson, Henlej', HiJliard,
Floge, EhasB. Holmes, Hopkins, Hough, George S. Hous-
ton, Edmund W. Ilubard, James B. Hunt, Hunter, Charles
J. Ingcrsoll, Jenkins, James H. Johnr-on, 'Joseph Johnson,
Andrew Johnson, Seaborn Jones, Kaufman, Leake, Leib,
La Sere, Levm, Lumpkin, McClean, McClelland, McCler-
nand, MeConriell, James McDowell, McKenry, McKay,
John P. Mai tin, Barkley Martin, Morris, Morsc^ Moulton,
Niven, Owen, Parri*h, Payne. Perry. Pettit, Phelps, Pills-
bury, Rcid, Rhetr, Ritter, Runk. Sawtelle, Seammon, Sed-
don, Alex. D. Sims, Leonard H. Sims. Simpson, Stanton,
Starkweather, Sr. John, Strohm, Strong, Sykes, Tbomas-
son, Benjamin Thompson. James Thompson, Jacob Thomp-
son, Thurman, Tibbatts, Tilden, Toombs, Towns, Trumbo,
Wentworth, Wheaton, Wick, Williams. Wilmot, Wood-
ward, Wood worth, and Yost—J15.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, John Quincy Adams, Ashmun,
Benton, BJarichaid, William W. Campbell, Carroll, John G.
Chapman, Cranston, Garrett Davis, Ellsworth, John II.
Ewmg, Edwin H. Ewing, Foot, Gordon, Grinnell, Grorer,
Harper, John W. Houston, Samuel D. Hubbard, Hudson,
Joseph R. Ingeisoll, Daniel P. King. Lawrence, Lewis,
Long, Mac!ay, McCrate, Mcllvame, Marsh, Miller, Mose-
ley, Pollock, Ramsey, Rathbun, Julius Rockwell, John A.
Rockwell, Root, Seaman, Severance, Truman Smith, Albert
Smith, Vinton, White, and Young—45.
So the amendment was concurred in.
An amendment made in committee in relation to
the compensation 'of deputy postmasters, waa con-
cur red in.
[We have not a copy of this amendment. The
| entire bill will be published hereafter.]
i An amendment, made in committee, in relation
! to the repayment of postage on newspapers, was
| concurred in.
; On concurring in the following amendment, made
| in committee:
| " That hereafter, any law to the contrary notwithstand-
ing, ;.!l advertisements made under orders of the Postmaster
\ General, m a newspaper or newspapers, of letters uncalled for
in any post office, shall be inserted in .-rich newspaper or
j newspapers as shall be designated by the postmastei of the
! town or place where the office advertising is situated, or the
neaiest newspaper thereto: Provided, The editor or editors
of such paper or papers shall agree to insert the same for
a price not gieater than that now" fixed by law."
; Mr. W. HUNT demanded a separate question;
• which was ordered.
Mr. E. B. HOLMES asked the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and, being taken, resulted as
i follows:
| YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Atkinson, Bnylv, Bedinger,
I Benton, Biggs, James A. Black, Ilnvtlin, Boyd. Brinkerhoff,
Bioekenbrougli, Burr, Chase, Cobb, Collin, Cullom, Cum-
mins, Cunningham, Daniel, Dobbin'. Douglas*. Drumstoole,
Dunlap, F.'Kil!!, Erdman. Faran, Foster, Pries, Garvin,
Gordon, Hamlin, Haralson. Ilarmanson. Hoge. Hopkins,
Hough, George S. Houston,'Edmund W.'Hubard, James B.
Hunt, Charks J. Jngersoll, Jenkins, Joseph Jonsison, An-
drew Johnson, Seaborn Jones, Kaufman, I.awrence, Leib,
La Sere, Lumpkin, McClean, McClelland, MeCIoniand,
McConnell. McCrate, McKay, John P. Martin, Munis,
Morse, jVIoulton, Niven. Owen. Panish, Payne. Perry,
Pettit, Pillslmrj .Rathbun,Eeid,Hitter. Saivtelle, Seammon,
Alexander D. Sims, Leonard H. Suns, Stanton. St. John,
strong, Sykes, Jaines Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Tib-
batts, Wentwoi-tl), Wick. Williams, Wilmot, Woodward,
Wood worth, and Yost—87.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, J. Q. Adams. Stephen Adams,
Arnold, Ashmun. Barringer, Bell, W. W. Campbell, J. H.
Campbell, Carroll, J. G. Chapman,Cocke. Cranston, Crozier,
G. Davis, Dockery, J. H. Etvine. E. H. Ewing, Graham, Gri-
(ler, Grinnell. Grover, Hampton. Harper, Hfliiard, Elias B.
Holmes, J. W. Houston, Samuel D. Hubbard. Hudson, W.
Hunt, Joseph R. Jngersoll, Daniel P. King. Lewis, Lonn
Maclay, James McDowell, McHcnry, Marsli, Barkley Mar-
tin, Miller, Moselev, Pendleton, Julius Rockwell, John A.
Rockwell, Soot, Sunk, Seaman, Truman Smith, Albert
Smith, Stewart, Stroinn. Thomasstm, Beajamm Thomp-
son, Tilden, Toombs, Trumbo, Vinton. White, Wuiihrop,
Wright, and Young—61.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The bill (having then been ordered to a thirdj
reading) was read a third time, and (under the-
operation of the previous question) was passed.
On motion of Mr. HOPKINS, the title of the
bill was amended, so as to read, " and for other
purposes." Agreed to.
Mr. "WENTWORTH moved a reconsideration
of the vote by which the bill had been passed; but,.
the vote was not reconsidered.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, it was resolved that
the House take a recess from 3 to 5 o'clock this
day.
In the course of the day, several messages were
received from the President of the United States,
by J. K. Walker, Esq., his private secretary, in-
forming the House that the President had approved
and signed sundry bills.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BllL.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state or
the Union, (Mr. Hopkins, of Virginia, in
chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of the
amendments of the Senate to the bill making ap-
propriations for the civil and diplomatic expanses
of the Government for the current fiscal year.
After a brief space of time spent in the consider-
ation thereof—
The committee, in pursuance of the order of the
House, rose—
And the House took a recess until five o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The chairman of the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union (Mr. Hopkins) called
the committee to order at five o'clock, but no quo-
rum was present.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The amendments to the general appropriation
bill being under consideration, some conversation
ensued; and it was proposed that such amend-
ments as were not objected to be proceeded with
until a quoram was present.
Objections were made.
The CHAIRMAN counted the Honsfe,, an«l
found S!' members present. \-i~in i"« J
and the iftiefof no quorum.
Mr. ADAMS moved a call of the House; which
was ordered.
The roll having been called through, 109jmem-
bers were reported present—not a quorum.
Mr. GOBI?, remarking that other gentlemen had
come in, and that a quorum was now present,
moved to dispense with further proceedings m the
call.
1 The vote being taken, and but 110—still no quo-
| ram—voting,
! Mr. C., by leave, withdrew the motion.
; And the absentees were called, showing 140
: members in attendance—a quorum.
: The Chairman resumed his seat, and the com-
; mittee proceeded with the consideration of the
; amendments of the Senate.
; The following amendment being under consider-
1 ation—■
" For paying to the laud officers at St. Augustine and Now-
nansville, in Florida, for issuing 'permits'"under the act of
4th August, 1842, a per centage equal to thatallowed by law
upon the sale of the same quantity of public lands at the
minimum price, .$5.000'*—
Mr. McKAY said the committee recommended
disagreement to this item; and he moved accord-
ingly.
Mr. BROCKENBROT7GH said he was not
aware that the Senate had inserted this amendment,
' but thought, if understood, it would pass, as it was
certainly just, and had been reported upon favora-
bly last session, and he understood would have
passed but for being coupled with other matter.
The Government had pursued thepolicy in Florida
of giving the lands to armed settlers for the purpose
of driving out the Seminoles. In other words, the
settlers, instead of paying cash for their lands,
| were to pay in the services of armed militiamen on
! the frontiers, presenting a cordon of pests; and this
' policy threw upon the register and receiver a great
' increase of duties in receiving, settling, and adjudi-
1 eating these armed oceivpationists'' rights. And for
this they not only received no additional compen-
sation, but not even the compensation which they
