1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1211
Mr, W. W. CAMPBELL made an ineffectual
motion to introduce a resolution referring to the
Secretary of State, for the purpose of examination,
and with a view to action at the next session, the
bill in relation to the consular system.
Mr. McKAY objected.
Several ineffectual motions were made to get in
reports from committees.
PERSONAL.
Mr. STEWART rose and asked leave to make
a personal explanation.
Mr. COBB. I will object to personal explana-
tions from this time forth.
Mr. BOYD. We have no time for personal
explanations. These things can be done in the
newspapers; and I shall oppose anything of the
kind.
Mr. STEWART moved a suspension of the
rules.
The SPEAKER said the motion was not in or-
der, the previous question having been seconded,
and the main question ordered on the amendments
to the general appropriation bill.
Mr. McKAY insisted on the regular] order of
business.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House resumed the consideration of the
amendments to the bill making appropriations for
the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the current fiscal year.
The SPEAKER announced that the previous
question had (at the time of the adjournment last
evening) been seconded, and the main question
ordered.
Which main question was on concurring in the
amendments.
They were read, and such as were not reserved
for a separate vote were acted on collectively.
[Mr. WHEATON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, made a report; and Mr. W., in the
course of the day, made several other reports from
the same committee.]
Other amendments, on which a separate vote
was called, and the yeas and nays asked but re-
fused, were also concurred in or disposed of.
Amongst the record votes was the following:
On concurring with the Committee oi the Whole j
in striking out the amendment of the Senate, ap- j
propriating §320,000 to pay two instalments of
indemnity tinder the convention with Mexico,
Mr. McKAY asked the yeas and nays; which
were ordered, and being taken resulted, as follows:
yeas—Messrs. Str-phen Atoms, Atkms,on, Bedinger,
Benton, Biegs, James Black, James A. Black, Bowlin, Boyd,
Brmkerlmff, Eroekenbrough, Buflingtcm, Kenben Chapman,
Chase, Chipman, Cobb, Cocke, Collin, Culiom, Cummins,
Cunuinghain, Dame), Dobbin, EcUall, Ellswoitii, Erdman,
Faran Fries Garvin, Goidou, Grovei, HaiaNon, Harmall-
SOI1 Henley, Ho«p, Hopkins-, Hough, Edward W. Hulnird,
James B. limit, lluntcr, Jenkins, James H. Johnson, Joseph
Johnson,Andrew Johnson, Seaborn Jone-, Kaufman, Pres-
ton Km", Leake, Lumpkin, iVIcClean, i\IcClelland, ]\lc-
Ornand, McKay, John P. Mai tm, Barkley Martin, Morris,
JVorris, Owen, Fayne, IVttit, rillsbury, Reid, Hitter, Roberts,
Scammo.i, Alexander D. Sims, Leonard H. Sims, Simpson,
Stanton, Stai kweatlier, St. John, James Thompson, Jacob
Thompson, Ttiurman, Tibbatts,Towns, Wentivoith, Wlica-
ton, Wick, Williams, Wilmot, Woodward, and Yost—83.
JTAYS*—Mesas. John Quinev Adams, Ashmun, Barrin-
Graham, Gr.der, Gnnnell, Hamlin. Hampton, Harper, Hil-
liard, Ehas B. Holmes, John W. Houston, Samuel D. Hub-
bard, Washington Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Daniel P.
King, Lawrencc, Lcih, La Sere, Lewis Long, Maelay,
MeConiiell, James McDowell,McHenry, Mellvaine,Marsh,
Miller Moseley, Perry, Pollock, Ramsey, fihett, Julius Rock-
well John A. Rockwell, Rout, Itunk, Sawtellc, Sehenck,
Seaman, Severance, Truman Smith. Albert Smith, Stewart,
Strolim, Strong, Bern. Thompson, Trumho, \inton, White,
Wmthrop, Wood, Woodworth, Wright, and loung-69.
So the amendment of the Senate was rejected.
MILEAGE.
The question being on concurring in the report
of the committee, by which the amendment of the
Senate was agreed to, striking out the section ol
the original bill, providing that after the close of
the present session, the nnleage to members of
Congress shall be as follows: Forty cents per mile
for the first 200 miles; 35 cents over 200 and.under
300* 30 cents over 300 and under 400; and 25 cents
per mile for any distance over 400 miles: Provided,
That the aggregate of mileage to any Senator,
Representative, or Delegate, at any one session,
shall wot exceed §750; (which amendment, if agreed
to, would leave unaltered the present provisions of
law in reference to mileage)—
After an ineffectual attempt by Mr. Hamlin to
get the yeas and nays, the vote was taken by tel-
lers, and decided in the affirmative.
Thus the House agreed to strike out the section.
Mr. HAMLIN moved a reconsideration of the
vote, and demanded the yeas and nays; which
were ordered, and, being taken, resulted—yeas 83,
nays 59.
So the House reconsidered the vote just taken.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by the hands of his
private secretary, James Knox Walker, Esq.
[Cries of'Read, read;" " Oh no, not now."]
The question then recurring on the original prop-
osition, to strike out (as per amendment of the
Senate) the section, was taken, and decided in the
negative—yeas 54, nays 100.
So the House finally refused to agree with the
Senate in striking out the section.
The amendments having all been disposed of,
the bill was returned to the Senate.
A message was received from the Senate by A.
Dickins, Esq., Secretary, informing the House
that, the Vice President being absent, the Senate
had elected the Hon. Mr. Atchison President pro
teni.
RECESS.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, it was resolved that
the House take a recess from three to five o'clock.
RELATIONS WITH MEXICO.
The SPEAKER, by conscnt, laid before the
House the following message from the President
of the United States; which was read:
To the Senate and House of Representatives
o f the United States:
I invite yourattention to the propriety of making
an appropriation to provide for any expenditure
which it maybe necessary to make in advance for
the purpose of settling all our difficulties with the
Mexican republic. It is my sincere desire to ter-
minate, as it was originally to avoid, the existing
war with Mexico by a peace just and honorable
to both parties. It is probable that the chief ob-
stacle to be surmounted in accomplishing this desi-
rable object, will be the adjustment of a boundary
between the two republics, which shall prove sat-
isfactory and convenient tn both, and such as nei-
ther will hereafter be inclined to disturb. In the
adjustment of this boundary, we ought to pay a
fair equivalent for any concessions which may.be
made by Mexico.
Under these circumstances, and considering the
other complicated questions to be settled by nego-
tiation with the Mexican republic, I deem it im-
portant that a sum of money should be placed
under the control of the Executive, to be advanced,
if need be, to the government of that republic im-
mediately after their ratification of a treaty. It
might be inconvenient for the Mexican Govern-
ment to wait for the whole sum, the payment of
which may be stipulated by this treaty, until it
could be ratified by our Senate and an appropria-
tion to carry it into effect made by Congress. In-
deed the necessity for this delay might defeat the
object altogether. The disbursement of this money
would of course be accounted for not as secret ser-
vice money, but like other expenditures. _
Two precedents for such a proceeding exist m
our past history during the Administration of Mr.
Jefferson, to which I would call your attention.
On the 26th February, 1803, an act was passed
appropriating two millions of dollars for the pur-
pose of defraying any extraordinary expenses
which may be incurred in the intercourse between
the United States and foreign nations," "to be
applied under the direction of the President of the
United States, who shall cause an account of the
expenditure thereof to be laid before Congiess as
soon as may be;" and on the 13ih of February,
1806, an' appropriation was made of the same
amount, and in the same terms. In neither case
was the money actually drawn from the treasury,
and I should hope that the result in this respect
mi "lit be similar on the present occasion, although
theTappropriation may prove to be indispensable in
accomplishing the object. I would, therefore, re-
commend the passage of a law appropriating two
millions of dollars, to be placed at the disposal ot
the Executive, for the purpose which I have in-
dicated. .
In order to prevent all misapprehension, it is my
duty to state that, anxious as I am to terminate the
existing war with the least possible del^ty, it will
continue to be prosecuted with the utmost vigor
until a treaty of peace shall be signed by the par-
ties and ratified by the Mexican republic.
JAMES K. POLK.
Washington, Jlugnst 8, 1846.
The reading having been concluded—
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL. moved the reference
of the message to the Committee of Ways and
Means, with instructions to report a bill in con-
formity with the suggestion of the President.
Mr. RATHBUN asked the yeas and nays on
the motion. He was opposed to any such instruc-
tions, and wished to record his vote against them.
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved the reference of the
message to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. S. JONES demanded the previous question.
The SPEAKER was about to put the question
thereon, when
Mr. DROMGOOLE insisted that the motion to
refer to the Committee of the Whole ontthe state
of the Union had precedence.
The SPEAKER so decided
And the question having been taken on the
motion of Mr. Dromgoole, and decided in the
affirmative—
The House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Norris,
of New Hampshire, in the chair.)
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the committee pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the said message,
which was again read.
Whereupon, Mr. McKAY offered a bill, (for
the purpose, he said, of carrying into effect the
recommendation of the President.)
And the bill was read as follows:
AN ACT making further provision for the expenses attend-
in<r the intercouise between the United States and foieign
nations. . ..
Beit enacted by the Senate and Jlowse of Representatives
of lite United States of America in Ooneres s (tstcmllcd, 111 at
a sum of $2,000.000,"m addition to the provision heretofore
made, be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, for the
puipose of defraying any oxfraordinaiy expenses winch
mav be incurred in the intercourse between the United
States and foieign nations,1fto be paid out of any money in
the treasmv not "otherwise appjopriated, ana to be applied
under the, direction of the President of the United States,
who chaU cause an account of the expenditure thereof to
be laid before Consiess as soon as may be.
Mr. I. E. HOLMES, remarking that there were
occasions in the history of nations "where nothing
of personal or party considerations should be al-
lowed to interfere with the recommendations or the
Executive, and that as Congress was about to ad-
journ, any man would hail with satisfaction any
prospect of the termination of a war which, how-
ever righteous in itself, involved the counti y in the
expenditure of millions, earnestly invoked the im-
mediate and favorable decision of the House on the
proposition of the President.
Mr. CARROLL said that he had always under-
stood that one of the principal causes of the exist-
ing war, was to obtain the amount of our claims
upon Mexico. It had been said that she was in-
debted to us some ten or twenty millions for for-
mer spoliations on American property. We were
now at war to get this money from the Mexican
Government, and what necessity could there be for
advancing to her two millions more? For what
purpose was this money wanted? Did she want
still more than all she owed us—a debt so just that
we had been asked to go to war^to obtain it? Had
not the Executive already at his disposal all the
indebtedness of the Mexican Government to nego-
tiate terms of peace or concessions, as he under-
stood the message from once hearing it read m this
Hall* Must Congress go still further ?# Where
was the necessity of this money, unless it was to
carry out the ambitious views of the IiiXecutive 101
the enlargement of our territory beyond its rightful
bounds ? That was the obvious object of this mes-
sage. Two millions to negotiate a peace! and thus
to o-etthe payment of a debt of ten or twenty mil-
lions, after going to war and voting ten millions to
conquerpeace? To Mr C., it looked veij much as
if this money was -wanted to purchase California,
and a large portion'of Mexico to boot. Mr. G.
would not trust the President with this large ap-
propriation of money, unless he should tell us be-
forehand what it was for.
He was aware that we were now at the heel ot
the session; but why was it that this message was
delayed to the last day? Was it to aroid discus-
sion ? And could it be possible that, -when a great
