1212
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 8,
subject like this was brought forward, the Repre-
sentatives of the people would quietly submit to
vote this power in the discretion of the Executive,
and dispose of it blindfold, because they had not
time to examine and discuss it? They could pro-
long the session at pleasure. They were the Rep-
resentatives of the nation, and had the termination
of the session at their own disposal; and were they
to grant millions at the mere beck of the Execu-
tive, without examination, whenever he chose to
demand the money, and then go home and tell
their constituents that there was not time to dis-
cuss it? The President told Congress in this mes-
sage that he was now as anxious to restore peace
as he had formerly been to avoid war. The na-
tion was "competent to judge, and in good time
would pronounce their judgment upon the anxiety
of the President to avoid war, and by that rale
would judge of the sincerity of his pretended anx-
iety for peace. Mr. C. was as anxious as any
one for peace, and would sustain the President in
any honorable means of obtaining it; but he was
not willing to vote two millions, under the pretext
of buying a peace, to be expended in buying terri-
tory at the South. If we were contending for our
just rights only, we could get them by what had
been already provided, and by a credit of some of
the millions which Mexico already owed us, with- :
out these additional millions, to be expended in a i
way unknown or unexplained.
Mr. R. CHAPMAN moved that the committee
rise.
Which motion having prevailed, the committee
rose.
Mr. McKAY offered a resolution in the usual
terms, providing that all debate on the said bill
should ccase at three o'clock, and he demanded
the previous question.
Mr. WINTHROP moved that the resolution be
laid on the table, and asked the yeas and nays,
which were ordered.
Mr. DROMGOOLE rose to a question of order.
The House had referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union a message from
the President of the United States. The committee
reported that it had had that message under con-
sideration, and had come to no conclusion thereon.
Technically speaking, therefore, the House could
have no knowledge of such a bill as was spoken of
in the resolution, or of the fact that it was the
intention of the committee to report it.
Mr. McKAY (to obviate the objection) would
(he said) substitute the words ''message of the
President," for the word " bill."
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Winthrop, and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arnold, Ashmun, BrmkerhofF, Buffing-
ton, Carroll, Clarke, Cranston, Garrett Davis, John H. Ew-
ing, Edwin H. Ewiug, Garvin, Grmneli, Grovcr, Hampton,
Harper, E. B. Holmes, John W. Houston, Samuel D. Hub-
bard, Hudson, Washington Hunt, James B. Hunt, Joseph
It. liiger&oll, Jenkins, Daniel P. King, Preston King, Leib,
Lewis, MeClean, McHenry, McXIvaine, Marsh, Miller,
Moseley, Pollock, Ramsey, Rath bun, Julius Rockwell,
John A. Rockwell, Root, Runk, Schenck, Seaman, Sev-
erance, Tiuman Smith, Starkweather, Benjamin Thomp-
son, Toombs, Trumbo, Vinton, Wheaton, White, Win-
tlirop, Wood, and Wright—54.
NAYS—Messrs. John Quincy Adams, Stephen Adams,
Atkinson, Barringer, Bayly, Bedmger, Bell, Benton, Biggs,
James Black, James A. Black, Bowlin, Boyd, Brocken-
brough, Burt, John H. Campbell, Reuben Chapman, Chase,
Ctjipman, Cobb, Collin, Cullom, Cummins, Cunningham,
Daniel, Dohbin, Douglass, Diomgoole, Dunlap, EdsalJ, Ells-
worth, Erdman, Faran, Ficklm, Fries, Gordon, Graham,
Grider, Haralson. Harmanson, Henley, Hilliard, Hoge, Isaac
E. Holme?, Hopkins, Hough, Edmund W. Hubaid, Hunter,
James H. Johnson, Joseph Johnson, AndrewJohnson, Sea-
born Jones, Kaufman, Lawrence, Leake, La Sere, Long,
Lumpkin, MacJay, McClelland, McCJernand, McConneJl,
MeCiate, James McDowcll, McKay, John P. Mai tin, Bark-
ley Martin. Morris, Morse, Moulton, Niven, Notns, Owen,
Payne, Pendleton, Perry, Phelps, PilJsbury, Reid, Rhett,
Hitter, Robeils, Sawtelle, Scammon, Alexander D. Sims,
Leonard H. Sims, Simpson, Stanton, Strohm, Sykes, James
Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Thurman, Tibbatts, Towns,
1 Weniworth, Wick, Williams, Woodward, Woodworth,
Young, and Yost—102.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
Mr. McKAY modified the resolution so as to
read two o'clock, and demanded the previous ques-
tion; which was seconded.
On ordering the main question to be now taken,
Mr. J. A. ROCKWELL asked the yeas and
nays; which were ordered.
Some conversation followed on a point of order.
Mr. ASHMUN moved that the resolution, as
modified, be laid on the table.
Mr. J. H. INGERSOLL asked the yeas and
nays; which were ordered, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ashrmin, Barringer, Bell, Bonton, Blanch-
ard, Brinkerhoff, Buftington, William W. Campbell, Car-
roll, John G. Chapman, Clarke, Coeke, Cranston, Crozier,
Garrett Davis, Dromgoole, John H. Ewing, Edwin H. Evvins,
Graham, Grmneil, Grover, Hamlin, Hampton, Harper, Hil-
liard, Elias B. Holmes, John W. Houston, Samuel D. Hub-
bard, Hudson, Washington Hunt, James B. Hunt, Joseph E,
Ingersoll. Jenkins, Daniel P. King, Preston King, Leib,
Lewis, Levin, Long, James McDowell, McHenry, Mc-
Ilvame, Marsh, Miller, Moseley, Pendleton, Pollock, Ram-
sey, Rathbun, Julius Rockwell, Jolm A. Rockwell, Root,
Runk, Seaman, Severance, Truman Smith, Stewart,
Strohm, Benjamin Thompson, Trumbo, Vinton, Wheaton,
White, Wilmot, Winthrop, Wood, Wright, and Young—68.
NAYS—Messrs. John Gluiney Adams, Stephen Adams,
Atkinson, Bayly, Bedinger, Biggs, James RIaek, James A.
Black, Boyd, Brockenbrough, Burt, Reuben Chapman,
Chase, Chipman, Cobb, Collin, Culiom, Cummins, Cun-
ningham, Daniel, Dobbin, Douulass, Dunlap, Edsall, Ells-
worth, Erdman, Faran, Ficklm, Fries, Giles, Gordon, Haral-
son, Harmanson, Henley, Hoge, Isaac E. Holmes. Hopkins,
Hough, Edmund W. Hubard, Hunter, James H. Johnson,
Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson, Seaborn Jones, Leake,
La Sere, Lumpkin, MeClean, McClelland, McClernand,
McConnell, McCrate, McKay, John P. Martin, Barkley
Martin, Morris, Morse, Moulton, Niven, Noiris, Owen,
Payne, Perry, Plielp^, Pillsbury, Reifl, Rhett, Ritter, Roberts,
Sawtelle, Scammon, Alexander D. Sims, Leonard H. Sims, :
Simpson, Stanton, Sykes, James Thompson, Jacob Thomp- j
son, Thurman, Tibbatts, Wentworth, Wick, Williams, .
Woodward, and Woodworth—85. [
So the resolution, as modified, was not laid on ;
the table. |
And the question then recurred, "Shall the main :
question be now taken ?" _ j
After some conversation as to a modification of
the resolution, which could only be effected by
unanimous consent, and which was not obtained,
the question was taken, and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Atkinson, Bayly, Bed-
inger, Biggs, James A. Black, Boyd, Biockenbrough, Burt,
Reuben Chapman, Chase, Chipman, Cobb, Collin, Cullom,
Cummins, Cunningham, Daniel, Dobbin, Dunlap, Edsall,
Ellsworth, Erdman, Faran, Fieklin, Fries, Giles, Gordon,
Haralson, Hannanson, Henlev, Hoge, Isaac E. Holmes,
Hopkins, Hougb, Edmund W. Huhard, James B. Hunt,
Hunter, James H. Johnson, Joseph John.-on. Andrew John-
son, Seaborn Jones, Kaufman. Lawrence, Leake, La Sere,
Lumpkin, Maclay, MeClean, McClernand, McConnell, Mc-
Crate, John P. Martin, Barkley Martin, Morris, Morse,
Moulton, Niven, Norris, Owen, Payne, Perry, Phelps, Pills-
bury, Reid, Ritter, Sawtelle, Scammon, Alexander D. Sims,
Leonard II. Sims, Stanton, St. John, Sykes, James Thomp-
son, Jacob Thompson, Thurman, Tibbatts, Wentworth,
Wick, Williams, Woodward, and Woodworth—82.
NAYS—Messrs. John duiney Adams, Anderson, Ashmun,
Barringer, Bell, Blanchard, Brinkerhoff, Baffiugton, Carroll,
John G. Chapman, Clarke, Cocke, Cranston, Crozier, Gar-
rett Davis, JDocfcery, .Dromgoole, Edwin H. Ewing,Grahooi,
Grmneli, Grover, Hamhn, Hampton, ifarper. 1! (Ui.'uf', John
W. Houston, S. D. Hubbard, Hudson, W. Hunt. Joseph R.
Ingersoll, Jenkins, Daniel P. King, Preston King, Leib,
Lewis, Long, James McDowell, McHenry, Mcllvame, Mil-
ler, Moseley, Pendleton, Pettit, Pollock, Ramsey, Rathbun,
Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Root, Runk, Schenck,
Seaman, Severance, Truman Smith, Stephens, Stewart,
Strohm, Benjamin Thompson, Toombs, Trumbo, Vinton,
Wheaton, White, Wilmot, Winthrop, Wright, Young, and
Yost—S8.
So the House decided that the main question
should now be taken.
Mr. SCHENCK moved that the House adjourn,
and asked the yeas and nays; which were ordered,
and, being taken, were—yeas 10, nays 134.
So the House refused to adjourn.
And the question recurring on the adoption of
the resolution—
Mr. LEAKE moved that the House resolve it-
self into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. ASHMXJN demanded the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER (the chair being occupied by
Mr. Tibbatts, pro tern.) ruled the motion of Mr.
Leake out of order, on the. ground that the House
had ordered the main question to be now taken.
The question again recurring on the adoption of
the resolution—
Mr. WINTHROP asked the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Whilst these proceedings had been going on,
time had not stood still, and the finger of the clock,
steadily pursuing its "lonely round," indicated
that the hour of two—at which the debate (under
Mr. McKay's resolution) was to be terminated—
had arrived.
So Mr. G. DAYIS raised the question of order,
that, the hour of two having elapsed, it was not m
order to entertain a resolution providing that debate
should terminate at a time that was past.
I The SPEAKER decided the resolution to be in-
order.
Mr. McKAY. I rise to inquire of gentlemen
who commenced this struggle, whether they will
state what time they require for debate ?
[Several voices; " Who commenced it?'']
Mr. TOOMBg. So far as I am concerned, I
intend to know something about the matter before
1 vote for this bill.
Mr. S. JONES. Well, go into committee, and
we will let you know.
The SPEAKER interposed to order.
Mr. WINTHROP, (to the Chair.) Is it in
order to answer the inquiry of the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. McKay.] 1
The SPEAKER. It is not m-order.
Mr. WINTHROP. If it were so, I should be
glad to answer the gentleman's inquiry.
Mr. G-. DAVIS insisted on his pomt of order,
that the time was past.
The SPEAKER said that the Chair considered
the resolution as equivalent to an instruction to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
to vote on the message without debate. But the
Chair was not aware of any provision in the Con-
stitution of the United States which prevented the-
House from doing impossible things if it chose.
Mr. TOOMBS. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair, and I ask the yeas and nays.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a point of order.
Has the Chair a right to decide upon the construc-
tion of a proposition that will come up in com-
mittee ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not decided
uoon the construction.
'Mr. R. CHAPMAN rose to a point of order.
Could this question be raised at this time? It
might arise in committee in the execution of the
| order.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have appealed from the de-
, cision of the Chair; and I have demanded the yeas
| and nays.
i Mr. 'DROMGOOLE. I understand the gentle-
j man from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] as asking the
i Chair for a construction of the resolution.
i The SPEAKER said no.
j Mr. DROMGOOLE. I understand the Chair aa
deciding that the resolution terminates debate,
j The SPEAKER. That is only the opinion of
1 the Chair, not its decision. The decision is, that
'the resolution is in-order.
Mr. R. CHAPMAN. I rise to a point of or- ,
der. If abstract questions of order can be raised
in,this manner, and.the Speakef is tp'teVequjfled
to decide them; where is
rait "thati-pj^ |sj nol tbe time to raise the question
of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in or-
der. The question is on the appeal from the decis-
ion of the Chair.
Mr. DROMGOOLE. What is the decision?
The SPEAKER. That the resolution is in or-
der.
Mr. DROMGOOLE. I do not understand any-
body as saying it is out of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Davis] says so.
Mr. DROMGOOLE. I deny the right of the
Chair to put a construction on the resolution.
Mr. CONSTABLE. I call for the reading of
the resolution.
The Clerk read it again.
Mr. CONSTABLE. Does that resolution mean
2 a. m. or 2 p. m.?
Mr. COBB. I rise to inquire whether a point
of order, as to a resolution being in order, can be
or ought to be entertained by the Chair after the
House has decided that the main question shall be
: now taken ? I think that the Chair is wrong in en-
; tertaining the point of order, and -wrong, therefore,
: in entertaining the appeal.
i Mr. G. DAVIS. Would it be in order to move
! so to amend the resolution as to provide that de-
i bate should terminate at 2 o'clock yesterday ?
! Mr. JACOB THOMPSON. Well, that'eaumort
i idea.
j The SPEAKER, (replying to Mr. G. Davis's
| inquiry.) It will not be in order to move an
i amendment of any kind.
; The question is, " Shall the decision of the
' Chair stand as the judgment of the House?"
! Mr. CONSTABLE. Is it in order to offer a
i resolution terminating debate at an hour that is
1 past?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in order.
[Loud cries for the question.]
Mr, McKAY. I shall take my own course 
[Several voices; Well take it, and stick to it.]
Mr. McKAY, (continuing.) I move that tho
resolution be laid on the table.
