1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1215
that the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Wil-
mot] had chosen to mingle with the question the
exciting topic of slavery by the amendment which
he had introduced*, that he (Mr. S.) regarded the
agitation of that subject as premature, and not
properly connected with the appropriation asked
for at this time. If this amendment should be
adopted, he would be constrained to vote against
the bill. He feared it was offered to defeat the
appropriation. He regretted the factious opposi-
tion manifested. 'Those who had denounced the
war as unjust, unnecessary, and unconstitutional,
but had nevertheless voted millions of money and
thousands of men for its prosecution, and intrusted
these preparations of men and money to the dis-
cretion of the Executive to wage war, were now
unwilling to vote two millions for the purpose of
peace. It seemed to be a hard matter to please
gentlemen. When war is proposed, they are for
peace; and when peace is proposed, they are stren-
uous for the prosecution of tne war.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky, said he had as sin-
cere a desire for peace as the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Sims;] but he desired not only an
honorable peace, but at the same time a peace just
to Mexico. This war (said Mr. D.) was begun
wantonly, and in violation of the Constitution, by
the President; and upon what pretexts? That
Mexico owed our citizens money, which she would
not pay, and refused to receive our Minister to set-
tle and establish the proper boundary line between
her territories and the State of Texas. Now, sir,
I am, and have been at all times, for peace, upon
the basis of the satisfaction of these claims and the
recognition of the proper boundary-line by her.
When we made war upon Mexico, the country
between the desert west of the Nueces and the Rio
Grande was exclusively in her possession, governed
by her laws and officers, and as rightfully hers as
Matamoros itself. W^e have despoiled her of it in
this aggressive war, and now hold possession of it
by the sword. I am for the purchase, upon full
and fair consideration, of the country east of the
-Rio Grande which belongs to Mexico, or, if she
refuses to sell it, for its restitution to her. At the
same time, I am for requiring her to pay to us every
claim which is valid £>y the laws of nations, and
for holding possession up to the Rio Grande until
she makes this satisfaction. When the President
indicates a purpose to make peace upon this hon-
orable and just basis, I will vote him ail sums ne-
cessary to enable him to negotiate it; and I think it
is his high duty to take the initiative towards it.
In the settlement of the terms of such a peace, the
President might, I think, wisely and justly stipu-
late the assumption of the payment of the claims of
our citizens against her, in consideration of the
cession by Mexico of the country east of the Rio
Grande, which rightfully belongs to her. For this
proper adjustment of our difficulties with Mexico,
the President would not require two millions of
dollars, or any other sum.
We negotiated a peace with England to terminate
the last war without the extraordinary measure of
voting the President a large sum of money to pio-
cure it; and no such preliminary has ever been
resorted to for the obtamnient of peace fiom any
nation or people with which we have been at wai.
What prompts the President now to propose it.
What are his purposes; and how does he intend to
use it? He asks us to ciothe him with this large
and certainly somewhat secret trust, and yet he
does not dei^n to inform us of his objects, and how
it is to be expended. That high functionary has
as much confidence in me as I have in him, and n
hedesires my vote to invest him with such a large
money power, he must inform me how he intends
to use it. . .
There is in this matter, Mr. Chairman, more than
meets the eye. The true line of policy is below the
surface, but is palpable enough when the matter is
explored. The President quotes two precedents.
The first was, I believe, voting money to the Pres-
ident to enable him to buy peace by the payment of
tribute to some of the Barbary Powers, when we
were feeble as a nation, and sorely harassed by
both England and France. Does Mr. Polk intend
to follow this precedent? If his object be to pay
money to Mexico to purchase peace, I am against
it. That would be an ignoble peace, and the proud
spirit of ray countrymen would revolt at a peace so
meanly obtained. It would be an indelible stain
upon the nation.
The other precedent quoted by Mr. Polk was the
voting of a large sum of money by Congress to
Mr. Jefferson to enable him to purchase Louisiana.
This precedent is not apposite, because we are not
at war with Prance, and neither is Mr. Polk a Jef-
ferson. Still it is the key which unlocks the mys-
teries of the Executive. Mr. Polk, too, wishes to
obtain the cession of country, and that country is
California. I should not object to the acquisition
California, or so much of it as would give us the
bay of San Francisco, that we might have a good
port in a temperate latitude on the coast of the
Pacific; but I should oppose any other mode of ac-
quisition thana purchase by fair negotiation, upon
a proper consideration. Is this what the President
intends? No, sir; no, sir. His friends openly avow
that the design and end of this move is to obtain
California,rightfullyorwrongfully; andMr.Polk's
message does not conceal it. He tells us, whilst
this overture is made and pending, the existing
hostilities agaitfst Mexico are to be most rigor-
ously prosecuted. In one hand he already brail-
dishes over weak, distracted, and prostrate Mexico
the bloody sword; in the other, he asks Congress
to place two millions of dollars, that he may pre-
sent to her and the men who lawlessly rule her,
the tempting lure, with the alternative of desolating
her with war's havoc.
The palpable purpose of the Administration and
its supporters is, to enlarge the ground which they
assumed at the beginning of this war; it is to add
to its objects of obtaining the satisfaction of the
claims of American citizens and the establishment
of the boundary line between Mexico and Texas,
the cession of California. That large territori-
al aggrandizement is deemed by Mr. Polk to be
necessary to cover up his outrage upon the Consti-
tution in beginning the war of his own authority,
and to form some indemnity fonts enormous cost.
This is to become the great end of this war, and
Mr. Polk intends to prosecute it to that achieve-
ment. His present object is, by secretive art, to
get Congress pledged, itself, to that position and his
line of policy. He finds the people of Mexico, her
Government, all her men of position and influence,
burning with resentment, and implacable in their
predjudices against us and our (Jovernment. The
men in authority in Mexico are profligate and
venal. Their own strong aversion to the cession
of California is powerfully sustained by the uni-
versal feeling of her people. The only possible
t mode of overcoming these obstacles is, for Mr.
Polk to corrupt her Government, to buy with this
two millioris of dollars those who are charged with
her destinies to betray their trusts, and to dismem-
ber her of one of her fairest provinces.
Is this a national object and national morals
which befit one who was bred in the school that
" asks nothing but what is right?" "Would it not
be degrading to a great and just people to reach
any object by such foul circumvention ? The two
millions, too, would be but the beginning, the
price to be paid for the treaty, the mere signing of the
contract by the bought officers of J\Iexico: the consid-
eration to be paid for California could be provided
for by the treaty. And, if it requires two mil-
lions of dollars to purchase the meni consent to cede,
what an enormous sum will be necessary to pay
for California!
But the President might be baulked in his at-
tempt to purchase California. The repugnance of
the Goveiment of Mexico may be so great as to be
proof against money. The opposition of the peo-
ple at present may be so strong as .to overawe pli-
able men in authority. Those who would make
so iniquitious a bargain, might prove double trai-
tors, by refusing to sign such a treaty after taking
the consideration to do so; they might be over-
thrown and hurled from their places by an exas-
perated people before they could complete it. But,
in the event of a failure, from any and all of these
causes, Mr. Polk has an alternative. He does not
intend to be satisfied with anything short of Cali-
fornia, if he can help it. After getting Congress
to endorse his position, that the main object of this
ivar is California, if he is foiled in his policy of ob-
taining it by a foul treaty, the war is to be prose-
cuted, persevered in, until Mexico is whipped into
its cession. The obstinacy, the enduring tenacity,
the courageous constancy, which sometimes illus-
trate the "Spanish character, may not desert the
Mexicans in this unequal conflict. The war may
assume a partisan and guerilla form, and be carried
on by the great mass of the people. _lt may drag
along with prodigious cost and suffering, and with
but little more glory. What matters all this to
Mr. Polk! He has set his heart upon California.
Congress has said to him that its acquisition is the
great end of the war—by treaty, if he can, by the
further prosecution of hostilities, if he must; and,
as negotiations have failed, any amount of Ameri-
can blood and treasure is to be spent in a foreign
land to win it.
Mr. Chairman, I commit myself to no such line
of policy, be it avowed or implied, open or covert.
If Mr. Polk will persevere, as I have no doubt he
will, for sometime, at least, in continuing this war
to signalize his administration by the conquest of
California, he will do it at least without the sanc-
tion of one member of this House. I will divide
no such responsibility with him.
But if his purpose be what he has so much
vaunted it to be, "to conquer from Mexico a
peace," and if the objects of the war be what he
avowed when he commenced it—the satisfaction of
the claims of our citizens, and the establishment
of the boundary line between Mexico and the State
of Texas, and the money asked for be necessary
to obtain those objects, why did he not explicitly
say so to Congress ? To be used within this limit,
I do not believe the vote of a single member of
this House would be withheld from the appropri-
ation now under consideration. But it is for an
altogether different and much more culpable use;
and to test the truth of this position, I intend to
submit an amendment, which I hold in my hand,
the effect of which is to restrict the President, in
th& application of this money, to the necessary
expenses of negotiating a treaty with Mexico to
terminate hostilities upon the basis of her satisfy- .
ing the claims of our citizens, and settling the
boundary line between her and Texas. If this
amendment should prevail, I will vote for the ap-
propriation, otherwise I will not. I am wholly
opposed to -whipping Mexico into the cession of
California, or for our Government to despoil her
in the spirit of a Tartar horde. I am wholly op-
posed to buying a peace from her at the cost of two
millionsof dollars, or any other sum of money. I
am willing and anxious that the President should
take tlie initiative to form a treaty with her upon
the moderate and just principles which I have in-
dicated. If Mexico were to reject such a peace, I
would then go for whipping her into it. But my
word for it, she would never be guilty of that folly.
And when we thus made an honorable and just
peace, that would sustain and still further elevate
our national character in_the world, I would go
for an honest, old-fashioned purchase of Califor-
nia.
Mr. ADAMS said, without offering himself an
amendment to this bill, he would request the gen-
tleman who proposed it, [Mr. McKay,] to make
an amendment declaring that this appropriation of
money shall be made for the purpose of negotia-
ting a peace with Mexico. He should vote for the
bill most heartily; and in this he differed from his
colleague [Mr. Winthrop] with equal regret to
that with which 'he differed from him on the bill
by which war was declared. He should now vote
for the bill in any form, but he suggested to tlie
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. McKay] to
amend the bill so as to specify expressly that the
money is granted to the President for the purposo
for which he has asked it in his message—that is
to say, for negotiating peace with Mexico. And,
with that amendment, he would vote for it even .
without the adoption of the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wilmot,] the
object of which he approved with his whole heart;
and lie shouldlike to see a resolution of the House
added, interdicting-the President of the' United
States from acquiring any territory which shall be
the abode of slavery.
But in making peace with Mexico he did not
see how it was possible that there should be any
acquisition on the part of the United States of ter-
ritory burdened with slavery, slavery having been
abolished many years throughout the whole of
Mexico and Texas, and Texas having now been
annexed to the United States, with the institution
of slavery confirmed and sanctioned-by the Ameri-
can nation itself. If Texas was, as Mexico
claimed, a part of that Republic, slavery is abol-
ished there; and that is one of the reasons why the
war of Texas is a war for the institution of slave-
ry—a War instituted by Texas herself. If, then,
in this negotiation between the 'Spited States and
Mexico, the disputed ground should be finally de-
