THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR h RIVES.
29th (^oygress, 1st Session,
must have cash in hand? "We are called on to
appropriate two millions to sanction a treaty in
advance, with a Power already in debt to us, with-
out any knowledge of its terms, and when but one
of the belligerents has shown any disposition for
peace. Whatever may be the conditions of that
treaty, be they ever so objectionable, if you now
sanction it, you will have no control over it. If
this is not going it blind, I know not what is, and
recreant should we be to those we represent, if we
pass this bill without some alteration or restriction
* upon it. Sir, I believe I speak the language of
many of my colleagues, when I say I will not vote
for this bill-unless modified, and unless it is sub-
stantially amended as proposed by the gentleman
[Mr. VVilmot] from Pennsylvania. For what, in
truth, is this two millions ? It strikes me that no
such sum is needed in advance to secuie an hon-
orable peace with an imbecile, distracted nation;
your debtor to a large amount, and but recently
most signally defeated by your armies.
We have been told, sir, all along, that peace was j
to he conquered, not bought; and are we now told
than it must be bought? Your two millions, then,
is to either buy men or territory. I do not say
that I am opposed, under any circumstances, to
the extension of our territory; but before we ap-
propriate money for that purpose, we had better
know what it is, where situated, and how circum-
stanced. Does this House know that California,
if that is the country to be purchased, is already,
as it is said, mortgaged to Great Britain or her sub-
jects? And. will they sanction any treaty in ad-
vance, without knowing whether we are to assume
the encumbrance or not? Our desire for peace
should not blind us to all the bearings of this meas-
ure; and besides, sir, had the Mexicans even inti-
mated a desire to negotiate, what reliance can you
place upon them? Has not a Minister, oh such
an intimation, already once been sent, only to be
rejected by them ?
[Mr. W. here give way to Mr. "VVilmot for a
few moments.]
I repeat, sir, I am most desirous of peace, and
when the Senate shall have duly ratified a treaty
submitted to them, I will cheerfully vote any
sum to carry out its provisions for an honorable
peace 
[Mr. W. was here interrupted by the limit of de-
bate.]
The time allotted to debate having expired, the
committee proceeded to vote.
Mr. McKAY withdrew the bill moved by him,
and submitted a modified proposition, as follows:
Whereas a state of war now exists between the United
States and the Republic uf Mexico, wludi it is desirable
should be speedily terminated upon terms just and honor-
able to both nations: And whereas assurances have heieto-
fore been given to the Government of Mexico that it was
the desire of the President to settie all questions between
the two countries on the most liberal and satisfactory ferm.s,
according to the rights of each and the mutual interests and
security of the two countries: Anil whereas the President
may be able to conclude a treaty of peace with the Repub-
lic of Mexico prior to the ne.\t session of Congress, if means
for that object are at hw disposal: And whereas, in the ad-
justment of &o many complicated questions as now exist
between the two countries, it may possibly happen that an
expenditure of money will be called for by the stipulations
of any treaty which may be entered into: Therefore,
Be it mulcted by the Senate mid Home of Representatives
of the United Strifes of Jlmeriea in Congress assembled, That
the sura of thirty thousand dollars be, arid thesame is hereby,
appropriated, out of any money in the treasury not other-
wise appropriated, to enable the President to enter upon
negotiations for tbe restoration of peace with Mexico, when-
ever it shall be in his power to do so,
. Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted, That the sum of two
millions of dollars be, and the same is hereby, appropriated,
out of any money in the treasury not otherwise appropriated,
to enable the President to conclude a treaty of peace with
the Republic of Mexico, to be used by him in the event that
said treaty, when signed by the authorized agents of the two
Governments, and being ratified by Mexico, shall call for
the expenditure of the same, or any part thereof, full and
accurate accounts for which expenditure shall be by him
transmitted to Congress at as early a day as practicable.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL renewed his substitute
for the bill, as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert:
That this Congress meets with cheerfulness and concurs
in the proposition of the President of the United States for
joint action bv the Executive and Legislature towards tbe
'77
WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 12, 1846.
accomplishment of an object which is alike consistent with
humanity, wisdom, and justice.
That the sum of two millions: of dollars be, and tbe same
is hereby, appropriated out of any moneys in the treasury
not otherwise appropriated, for the put pose of enabling the
President to take measures for securing a speedy and hon-
orable peace with the Republic of Mexico, for the satisfac-
tory adjustment of all matters in controversy, and for the
definitive establishment of the territoiial boundaries between
the two nations.
Mr. WILMOT moved an amendment, to add at
the end of Mr. McKay's modified bill the follow-
ing:
Provided, That, as an express and fundamental condition
to the acquisition ofanyterritoiy from the Republic of Mexico
by the United States, by virtue of any tieaty which may be
negotiated between them, and to The use by the Executive
of the moneys herein appropriated, neither slavery nor in-
voluntary set vitude shall ever exist in any part of said terri-
tory, except for crime, whereol the party shall first be duly
convicted.
The first section of the bill was still under
consideration, and, after some conversation, the
amendment of Mr. Wilmot was received as an
amendment to this section.
Mr. DOBBIN rose to a point of order. He
contended that the amendment of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Wilmot] was not in order,
the subject of slavery having no connexion with
the bill.
The CHAIRMAN" overruled the point of order.
The bill (he stated) appropriated a certain sum of
money to be put at the disposal of the President.
It was certainly competent on the part of the
House to adopt a provision limiting the application
of the money, and providing that it should be ap-
plied only on certain conditions.
Mr. DOBBIN appealed from the decision.
The question on the appeal was taken by tellers,
and the decision of the Chairman was sustained—
ayes 92, noes 37.
Thus the amendment was decided in order.
Mr. WICK moved to amend the amendment by
inserting therein after the word " territory," the
woids " north of 3C° 30' north latitude."
The amendment to the amendment was disa-
greed to—ayes 54, noes 8D.
The question recurring on the original amend-
ment of Mr. Wilmot, tellers were asked and
ordered; and, the question being taken, it was
decided in the affirmative—ayes 83, noes 64.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. PERRY, of Maryland, offered an amend-
ment; which was rejected.
Mr. CONSTABLE offered the following:
Provided. That no part of said sum shall be paid to Mex-
ico for any relinquishment of her pietensions to the coun-
tiy east of the Rio del Noite: Jhid provided a'so, That no
1 pait of said sum shall be paid except in fair and iionoi able
negotiation with the constituted authorities of Mexico, and
especially that it shall not be pmployrd to seduce any Mex-
ican from his lawful allegiance : Jlnd provided alio, That no
pan thereof shall be used in payment to Mexico for relin-
quishing any coui.try which has been or may bo conquered
by the Ameiican arms, unless Mexico shall pay the expenses
of the wai: Jlnd provided aho, That no treaty shall he
agreed to by winch Mexico does not atone for me insults,
wrongs, and aqgrestions committed upon this Government;
and payment for the spoliation of the property of our citi-
zens: Jlnd provided also, That the Pie.-ident shall cause a
detailed and paiticular statement and account of the ex-
penditure thereof to he laid before Congress at the next
session after the same is made.
Tellers were asked and refused; and, the ques-
tion being taken, the amendment was rejected.
Mr. G\ DAVIS offered an amendment, providing
that the sum hereby appropriated, or so much as
necessary, be applied to the necessary expenses of
negotiating a peace with Mexico whenever she
offers to pay her indemnities, and to recognise the
true boundary between us. Rejected.
The second section being under consideration,
Mr. McHENRY moved to add a proviso, that
this appropriation shall be paid out of the appro-
priation for the prosecution of the Mexican war.
Rejected—ayes 36, noes not counted.
Mr. HCJJNT, of New York, offered an amend-
ment, to declare that the existing war with Mex-
ico ought to be terminated as soon as a fair and
honorable adjustment can be made, &c. Rejected.
Mr. BELL, of Kentucky, offered an amend-
ment, providing that this appropriation, or so
much thereof as necessary, shall only be applied
New Series....No. 77.
to the negotiation of a peace between the United
States and Mexico. Rejected.
Mr. ASHMUN moved to add after the word
"Mexico" the words " and by the United States."
Rejected.
The amendments having been gone through
with,
The question recurred on the substitute of Mr.
J. R. Ingersoll.
Mr. WILMOT moved to amend the substitute
by adding thereto the amendment in the precise
form which he had moved to the original bill (as
above given.)
The question being taken by tellers, the amend-
ment was agreed to—ayes 77, noes 58.
And the question recurring on the substitute as
amended, was taken, and decided in the negative,
without a division.
So the substitute was rejected.
No further amendments being in order,
The committee, on motion, rose nnd reported
the message, together with the bill, to the House.
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title.
And the question being on its engrossment,
Mr. RATHBUN obtained the floor, and moved
the previous question.
Mr. TIBBATTS moved to lay the whole sub-
ject on tlie table.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered on
this question: and, being taken, resulted—yeas 78,
liays 94, as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Stephen Adams, Atkinson, Barringer,
Bayly, Bcdmger, Bell, Biggs, James A. Black, Boivlin, Boyd,
Brocltcnbrough, Bui t, John G. Chapman, Reuben Chapman,
Chase, Chipm.m, Claike, Cobb, Constable, Cranston, Cro-
zier. Culloin, Cunningham, Daniel, Garrett Davis, Bobbin,
Dockery, Douglas, Dromgoole, Edwin H. Ewing, Fiekhn,
Giles, Graham, Haralson, Harmanson, Milliard, Hoge, Isaac
E. Holmes, Hopkins, John W. Houston, Edmund W. Hllb-
ard. Hunter, Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson, Seaborn
Jones, Kaufman, Leake, La Sere, Long, Lumpkin, McCler-
nanrt, MeCnmiell, James McDowell, McHenry, McKay,
John P Mnrtiii, Barklev Mai tin, Morse, Payne, Pendleton,
Perry, Ptttit, Phelps, PilM.ury, Reul,Rhett, Schenok, Alex-
ander D. Sims, L. H. Sims, Simpson, Stanton, Stephen?,
Jacob Thompson, Tlbbatts, Toombs, Towns, Tnjmilo,
Woodward, and Young—78.
NAYS—Messrs. John auincv Adams, Anderson, Arnold,
Ashmun, Benton, James Black, Blanchard, Biinkerlioff,
Bufiingfon, Win. W. Campbell, John H. Campbell, Carroll,
Collin, Cummins, Duulap, Edsall, Ellsworth, Erdmati, John
H. Ewing, Faran, Foster, Fries, Gaivin, Gordon, Grider,
Gnnnell, Grover, Hamlin, Hampton, Haiper, Henley, Eliaa
B. Holmes. Itough, Samuel IX Hubbaul, Hudson, Waihine-
ton Hunt, James B. Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Joseph R.
Ingersoll, Jenkins, James H. Johnson. Preston King, I,eib,
Lewis, Levin, Maelav, McClean, McClelland, MeCrate,
Mcllvaine. Marsh," Miller, Morris, Moseley, Moulton,
Niven, Norm, Owen, Pollock, Ramsey, Rathbun, Rittcr,
Juhutt Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Root, Runk, Sawtelle,
Seaminon, Seaman, Severance, Truman Smith, Albert
Smith, Starkweather, Stewart, St. John, Strohm, Strong,
Sykes, Thonuisson, Benjamin Thompson, James Thomp-
son, Thurman, Vinton, Wentworth, Wlieaton, White, Wil-
liams, Wilmot, Winthrop, Wood, Woodworth, Wright, and
Yost—94,
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
[A message was received from the President of
the United States, by J. If. Walker, Esq., his Pri-
vate Secretary, informing the House of his appro-
val and signature of sundry bills.]
The question recurring' on seconding the demand
for the previous question, was decided in the affirm-
ative, and the mam question was ordered; which
main question was on ordering the bill to a third
reading.
Mr. DROMGOOLE called for the reading of the
bill entire; which was read.
Mr. D. demanded the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
Before the Clerk proceeded to call the roll,
Mr. WICK asked to be excused from voting,
and offered reasons as follows:
He said he was decidedly friendly to the appro-
priation contained in the bill, and desired to vote
for it. It was necessary (Mr. W. said) to bring
back peace—honorable peace—to the country.
For this purpose it was asked by the Executive.
He could not vote against that object. But the bill
went further, and advertised tlie country, Mexico,
and the world, that, in making peace with Mexico,
we were, as a matter of course, to acquire a por-
