1218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
- - . --'wwi?
Aug. 10,
tion of her territory, nolens volens. In anticipation
of this event, the biil provides in advance what
laws may not exist in the territory thus to be ac-
quired. Mr. W. said he hoped we might acquire
territory upon making peace with Mexico. He
had little doubt but that our prowess in arms
would bring about a peace, a term of which would
probably be a cession of territory. But to enact
a law declaring this object before negotiations
were pending, or propositions for a cession of ter-
ritory made, is not merely counting our chickens
before they are hatched, but even before the eggs
are laid. This, he submitted, was in bad taste.
We may (said Mr. W.) very properly have con-
fidence in our power to enforce peace and a cession
of territory; but to enact such design into a law
is arrogant and indecent.
The question being taken, was decided in the
negative.
So the House refused to excuse him.
Mr. BARRINGER and Mr. GrRIDER respect-
ively asked to be excused from voting; and, after
some remarks, withdrew the motion.
The question was then taken on the engross-
ment, and dccided in the affirmative—yeas 85, nays
79, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. John Quincy Adams, Anderson, Arnold,
Benton, James Black, Bnnkerhoff, Bufiimtfon, Wilham W.
Campbell, John H. Campbell, Cairoll, Chipman, Collin,
Cummins. Cunningham, Dunlap, Eilsd.ll, Eilaworth, Erdrnan,
Faran, Foster, Fries, Garvin, Gordon, Gnder, Grovei, Ham-
lin, Hampton, Henley, Elia* B. Holmes, Hough, Samuel D.
Hubbard, Hudson, Washington Hunt, James B. Hunt, Joseph
It. IngersolJ, Jenkins, James H. Johnson, Preston King,
Lawrence, Leib, Lewis, Levin, Maclay, McClean, McClel-
land, McCrate, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Miller, Morris, Moseley,
Moulton, Niven, Norris, Owen, Pollock, Rathbun, Ritter,
Julius Rockwell, Root, Sawtelle, Scammon, Schenck, Sea-
man, Severance, Truman Smith, Albert Smith, Stark-
weather, Stewart, St. John,Strohm, Strong, Sykes,Thom-
a^son, Benjamin Thompson, James Thompson, Thunnau,
Wentwortb, Wheaton, White, Williams, Wilmot, Win-
throp, Wood, and Yost—85.
NAYS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Atkinson, Barrin^er,
Baylv, Bedinser, Bell, Biggs, James A. Black, Bowlm,
Brockenbrough, Burt, John G. Chapman, Reuben Chapman,
Chase, Clarke, Cobb, Constable, Cranston, Crozier, Culiom,
Daniel, Garrett Davis, Dobbin, Dockery, Douglass, Drom-
goole, John H. Ewins, Edwin H. Ewing, Ficklin, Giles,
Graham, Haralson, Iiarmanson, Harper, Billiard, Hojre,
Isaac E. Holmes, Hopkins, John W. Houston, Edmund W.
Ilubatd, Hunter, Joseph Johnson, Andrew Johnson, Sea-
born Jones, Kaufman, Leake, La Sere, Long, Lumpkin,
McClemand, McConnell, James McDowell, McHenry, J. P.
Martin, Barkley Martin, Morse, Payne, Pendleton, Perry,
Phelps, Pillsbury, Ramsey, Reid, Rhctt, John A. Rockwell,
Runk, Alexander D. Sims, Leonard H. Sims, Simpson,
Stephens, Jacob Thompson, Tibbatts, Toombs, Towns,
Trumbo, Vinton, Woodwaid, Wright, and Young—79.
So the House ordered the bill to be engrossed
for a third reading.
And the question being on the passage of the
bill,
Mr. BRINKERIIOFF demanded the previous
question; which was seconded, and the main ques-
tion was ordered.
Mr. HOPKINS demanded the yeas and nays;
which were refused.
Tellers were then called for and refused.
And the question, " Shall this bill pass?" being
taken, by division of the House, was decided in
the affirmative—ayes 87, noes 64.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF moved a reconsideration
of the vote on the passage of the bill; and on this
he demanded the previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered.
Mr. TIBBATTS demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and, being taken, resulted—
yeas 70, nays 83—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Stephen Adams, Atkinson, Rarringer,
Bayly, Bedinger, Bel), James A. Black, Bowlm, Boyd,
Brockenbron^li, Burt, John G. Chapman, Reuben Chapman,
Chase, Chipinan, Clarke, Cobb, Constable, Cranston, Cro-
zier, Daniel, Gairett Davis, Dobbin, Dockery, Douglass. Ed-
win H. Evvinjr, Fielthn, Foster, Giles, Graham, Haralson,
Iiarmanson, Hxlhaid, Hoge, Ir-aac E. Holmes, Hopkins, Ed-
mund W. Hnbard, Hunter, Joseph Johnson, Andrew John-
son, Seaborn Jones, Kaufman, Thomas Butler King, La
Sere, Long, Lumpkin, McClernand, McConnell, Jame* Mc-
Dowell, McHenry, McKay, John P. Martin, Barkley Mai-
tin, Payne, Perry, Pettit, Phelps, Pillsbury, Reid, Ehett,
Runk, Alexander D. Sims, Leonard H. Sims, Stephens,
Jacob Thompson, Tibbatts, Toombs, Towns, Woodward,
and Young—70,
NAYS—Messrs. John duincy Adams, Anderson, Arnold,
Ashmun, Benton Blanchaid, BrinkeihofF, Buffington, Wil-
liam W. Campbell, John EI. Campbell, Carroll, Cocke, Col-
lin, Cummins, Cunningham, Dunlap, Edsall, Ell-nvortli,
Erdman, Faran, Flies, Garvin, Gordon, Grider, Griunell,
Grover, Hamlin, Hampton, Ilenley, Ehas B. Holmes,
Hough, John W. Houston, Samuel 1). Hubbard, Hudson,
Washington Hunt, James B. Hunt, Jenkins, James B.
Johnson, Lawrence, Leib, Lewis, Maolay, McClean, Mc-1
Clelland, McCrate, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Miller, Morris,
Moseley, Moulton, Niven, Norris, Owen, Pollock, Ramsey,
Rathbun, Ritter, Julius Rockwell, Root, Sawtelle, Scam-
mon, Schenek, Seaman, Severance, Truman Smith, Albert
Smith, Starkweather, Stewart, St. John, Strohm, Strong,
Sykes, Benjamin Thompson, James Thompson, VVentworth,
White, Williams, Wilmot, Winthrop, Wood, Wright, and
Yost—83.
So the House refused to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed.
SENDING THE BILL TO THE SENATE.
Mr. SIMS, of South Carolina, rose and inquired
whether, tinder the IGtli joint rule of the two
Houses, this bill could be sent to the Senate with-
out a suspension of the rule?
He read the rule in the words following:
"No bill that shall have passed one House shall be sent
for concurrence to the other on either of the three last days
of the session."
The SPEAKER would state to the gentleman
from South Carolina and the House, that this was
not a new question to him. His attention had been
called to it within a few days, in anticipation of the
probability of its coming up. Until recently, he
had supposed that not only a suspension of the rule
was necessary, but that such suspension would re-
quire o. fote of two-thirds to send a bill to the Sen-
ate within the last three days of the session. He'
was, however, led to the belief, from the exami-
nation of precedents furnished him by the Clerk,
that this joint rale could be suspended by a major-
ity, the House could not suspend its own rules by
a majority, but the joint action of the two Houses
could suspend and set aside a joint rule by a ma-
jority of each House.
Mr. SIMS. Is it not necessary that this House
shall suspend and the Senate suspend before the
bill can be sent?
The SPEAKER. It is of course.
Mr. SIMS then moved a suspension of the rule
to permit the bill to be sent to the Senate.
Mr. TIBBATTS demanded the yeas and nays;
which were refused.
The question was taken by tellers, and the vote
was—ayes 78, noes 64.
So the House, on its part, agreed to suspend the
rule.
MINERAL LANDS.
Mr. ASHMUN moved a suspension of the rules,
to enable him to report, from the Committee on
Public Lands, a bill to establish a land office in the
northern part of Michigan, and to provide for the
sale of the mineral lands in Michigan and Wis-
consin.
Considerable conversation followed as to what
had taken place in the committee,
Mr. McCLERNAND, thechairman,and others,
controverting the fact of the committee having or-
dered the report of this bill.
The question being taken, the House refused
to suspend the rules.
THE MADISON PAPERS.
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved that the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, with a view to move to take
up the bill for the purchase of the manuscript
papers of James Madison.
The motion was not pressed for the moment,
and
Mr. McKAY remarked that the House was
aware that two important appropriation bills were
now pending between the two Houses. They
had endeavored during the day to come to some
agreement; they had agreed only in part upon the
naval appropriation bill. In regaid to the civil
and diplomatic bill, he had attempted three times
to have a conference with the Committee on Con-
ference of the Senate, but had been unable to do
so, the Senate having been engaged in Executive
session. They were to meet to-morrow morning.
So it was obvious that no agreement could be ar-
rived at before to-morrow, and the report of the
conferees would be enrolled, and (the two Houses
concurring therein) there would be nothing to do
but that the bill should be signed by the Speaker.
He therefore begged leave to appeal to gentlemen
that a quorum of the House remain here until
Monday morning, so that the public business could
be finished. If you go oft", said he, these impor-
tant bills will be defeated, and the wheels of the
Government will be stopped.
Mr. McK., in conclusion, submitted a motion,
that, when the House adjourn, they adjourn to
eight o'clock Monday morning.
The motion was agreed to.
The question recurring on the motion of Mr.
DROMGOOLE, was taken, and decided in the
negative.
Mr. HARALSON asked leave to make a report
from the Committee on Military Affairs™
Mr. SCHENCK. Can the report be rnSQe-with-
out a suspension of the rules?
The SPEAKER replied in the negative.
Mr. SCHENGK. I object, then; the House
would not allow a report to be made from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and I object to this.
jPRIYATE BILLS.
Mr. KING, of New York, moved that the
House proceed to the consideration of private bills
from the Senate.
The question being taken—no quorum voted,
And, on motion, the House adjourned at ten
minutes to eleven o'clock.
IN SENATE.
Monday, August 10, 1846.
The bill providing for the payment of claims for
French spoliations prior to the year 1800 was re-
turned to the Senate with the reasons assigned by
the President for withholding his approval there-
from. The following is the Message:
W4SHINGT0N, .falgust 8, 1846.
To the Senate of the United States:
I return to the Senate, in which it originated,
the bill entitled " An act to provide for the ascer-
tainment and satisfaction of claims of American
citizens for spoliations committed by the French,
prior to the 31st of July, 1801," which was pre-
sented to me on the 6th instant, with my objec-
tions to its becoming a law.
In attempting to give the bill the careful exami-
nation it requires, difficulties presented themselves
in the outset, from the remoteness of the period to
which the claims belong, the complicated nature
of the transactions in which they originated, and
the protracted negotiations to which they led be-
tween France and the United States. The short
time intervening between the passage of the bill by
Congress, and the approaching close of their ses-
sion, as well as the pressure of other official daties,
have not permitted nse to extend my examination
of the subject into its minute details.. tie
consideration f abfo to give to it,' 1
find objections "of a'grave character to its provis-
ions.
For the satisfaction of the claims provided for,
it is proposed to appropriate five millions of dol-
lars. I can perceive no legal or equitable ground
upon which this appropriation can rest. A por-
tion of the claims have been more than half a
century before the Government, in its executive
or legislative departments, and all of them had
their origin in events which occurred prior to 180U.
Since 1802, they have been from time to time
before Congress. INo greater necessity or propri-
ety exists for providing for these claims at this
time than has existed for near half a century;
during all which period this questionable measure
has never, until the present time, received the
favorable consideration of Congress. It is scarce-
ly orobable, if the claim had been regarded as
obligatory upon the Government, or constituting
an equitable demand upon the treasury, that those
who were contemporaneous with the events which
gave rise to it, should not long since have done
justice to the claimants. The treasury has often
been in a condition to enable the Government to
do so without inconvenience, if the claims had
been considered just. Mr. Jefferson, who was
fully cognizant of the early dissensions between
the Government of the United States and France,
out of which the claims arose, in his Annual
Message m 1808 adverted to the large surplus (hen
m the treasury, and its " probable accumulation,"
and inquired whether it should lie " unproductive
in the public vaults;" and yet these claims, thoush
then before Congress, were not recognised or paSl.
Since that, the public debt of the Revolution and
of the war of 1812 has been extinguished, and at
several periods since the treasury has been in pos-
session of large surplusses over the demands upon
it. In 1836, the surplus amounted to many mil-
lions of dollar?, and, for want of proper objects
to wliich to apply it, it was directed by Congress
to be deposited with the States.
During this extended course of time—embracing
