1846.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1219
.periods eminentl y favorable for satisfyingalLjustde-
mands upon the Government, the claims embraced
in this bill met with no favor in Congress, beyond
the reports of committees, in one or the other
branch. These circumstances alone are calculated
to raise strong doubts in respect to these claims;
and especially as all information necessary to a
correct judgment concerning them has been long
before the public. These doubts are strengthened
in my mind by the examination I have been en-
abled to give to the transaction in which they
originated.
The bill assumes that the United States have be-
come liable in those ancient transactions, to make
reparation to the claimants for injuries committed
by France. Nothing was obtained for claimants
by negotiation; and the bill assumes that the Gov-
ernment has become many ways responsible for
these claims. The limited time allowed me, before
your adjournment, makes it impossible to reiterate
the facts and arguments by which, in preceding
Congresses, these claims have been successfully
resisted. The present is a period particularly un-
favorable for the satisfaction of claims of so large
an amount, and, to say the least of them, of so
doubtful a character. There i3 no surplus in the
treasury. A public debt of several millions has
been created within the last few yeais. We are
engaged in a foreign war, uncertain as to its dura-
tion, and involving heavy expenditures; to prose-
cute which war, Congress has, at its present ses-
sion, authorized a further loan. So that, in effect,
the Government, should this bill become a law,
/ would have to borrow money and increase the
public debt to pay these claims. It is true that, by
the provisions of the bill, payment is directed to
be made m land scrip instead of money, but the
effect upon the treasury will be the same. The
public lands constitute one of the sources of public
revenue, and if these claims be paid m land scrip,
it will, from the date of the issue, to a great extent,
cut off from the treasury the annual income from
the sale of public lands; because payments for the
lands sold by the Government may be expected to
be made in scrip until it is all redeemed. If those
claims be just, they ought to be paid in money,
and nothing less valuable. The bill provides that
they shall be paid in land scrip, whereby they are
in effect to be a mortgage upon the public lands in
the new States—a mortgage, too, held in great part,
if not wholly, by non-residents of the States in
which the lands lie, who may secure these lands
to the amount of several millions of acres, and then
demand for them exorbitant prices from the citi-
zens of other States, who may desire to purchase
them for settlement, or they may keep them out
of the market, and thus retard the prosperity and
growth of the States in which they are situated.
Why this unusual mode of satisfying claimants
upon the treasury has been resorted to, does not
appear. It is not consistent with a sound public
policy. If it be done in this case, it may be done
m all others. It will form a precedent for the sat-
isfaction of all other stale and questionable claims,
and would undoubtedly be resorted to by all claim-
ants, who, after successive trials, shall fail to have
their claims recognised and paid in money by Con-
The bill proposes to payfive millions of dollars,
to be paid in land scrip, and provides "that no
claim or memorial shall be received by the com-
missioners" authorized by theact, " unless accom-
panied by a release of discharge of the United
States from all other and further compensation than
the claimant may be entitled to receive under the
provision of the act." These claims are estimated
to amount to a much larger sum than five millions
of dollars, and yet the claimant is required to re-
lease to the Government all other compensation,
and to accept his share of a fund known to be in-
adequate.
If these claims be well founded, it would be unjust
to the claimants to repudiate any portion of them,
and the remaining sum could hereafter be resisted.
The bill proposes to pay these claims not in the
currency known to the Constitution, and not to
their full amount.
Passed, as this bill has been, near the close of
the session, and when many measures of import-
ance necessarily demand the attention of Congress,
and possibly without that full and deliberate con-
sideration which the large sum it appropriates and
the existing state of the treasury and of the coun-
try demand, I deem it to be my duty to withhold
my approval, that it may heVeafter undergo the
revision of Congress. I have come to this con-
clusion with regret. In interposing my objections
to its becoming a law, I am truly sensible that it
should be an extreme case which would make it
the duty of the Executive to withhold his approval
of any bill passed by Congress upon the ground of
its expediency alone. Such a case I consider this
to be. JAMES K. POLK.
The message having been read—
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON" rose and said, it was the
first instance, he believed, in the history of this
Republic, in which the Presideut of the United
States had interposed his veto to the passage of a
bill which involved no constitutional principle, no
question of constitutional right, but which was
founded entirely upon the ground of expediency.
It was the first instance in which an Executive
veto had been applied to what might properly be
considered a private bill upon any ground what-
ever. It was the first instance in which an execu-
tive Chief Magistrate, after acknowledging his im-
perfect acquaintance with the subject, after freely
confessing that he had not extended his examina-
tion very minutely into the subject, had ventured
the opinion that a measure of this description,
which had passed the two Houses of Congress,
was a measure of doubtful character, and ought not
to become a law, thus rendering any further appli-
cation on the part of those having claims within the
provisions of the act during his Administration
utterly hopeless. This opened a new chapter—
was the beginning of a new volume in the history
of Executive proceedings, which, he would under-
take to maintain, transcended anything that was
ever heard of before, or that was ever contemplated
by the Constitution. Mr. Madison, in giving his
impressions in regard to this power of withholding
the Executive assent from bills which had passed
Congress, declared that its primary object was to
enable the Execuiive to defend itself; and he after-
wards added, that unless it were for this, and to
prevent the passage of unconstitutional measures
on the part of Congress, it would never have been
tolerated. During"the administration of Mr. Jef-
ferson there was not a single instance in which the
veto power was exercised; nor was it exercised
during the administration of the elder or of the
younger Adams. Mr. Jefferson's opinion he sup-
posed might be referred to upon this subject as that
of the ancient Democracy, one of whose cardinal
principles was hostility to Executive encroachment
and curtailment of Executive power; modern Dem-
ocracy, however, proceeded somewhat differently,
seeking by all possible and practicable means to
increase the Executive power.
It must be abundantly evident that theframers
of the Constitution never contemplated extending
the exercise of the veto power to such cases as the
one now before them. If it could properly be ex-
tended to such cases, then it might be extended to
every case of a mere private claim. And if it were
the duty of the President of the United States to
revise the action of Congress in reference to all
private claims, it must occur to every man that a
duty would devolve upon him which it would be
impossible for him to pe#form. No man could ac-
complish such a duty. If the President were the
most laborious, the most industrious man that evei
entered public life, it would be impossible that he
could thoroughly examine and understand the
merits of one-half the acts that pass through Con-
gress. The framers of the Constitution could
never have intended to impose upon him such a
duty as this. Besides, none of the facilities which
Congress possessed for understanding the eases
were given to him. He had no power of sending
for witnesses, or of examining testimony. This
was the first instance, as he said before^ in which
this power had been wrested from its legitimate
uses and applied to a case utterly foreign to its ap-
plication; and he hoped it would be the lost.
The President of the United States, in his veto
message, rested his objections, first, upon the
ground that the subject had been presented to the
two Houses of Congress at different times for a
period of more than forty years; and that there
were two occasions within that time when there
was a surplus in the treasury; and inferred from
this that the claims were not just, or else the Gov-
ernment would have recognised them at those pe-
riods, when there was a surplus. What sort of a
plea in bar was this to be set up by the Govern-
ment against a claimant, that because they had not
paid it when they had the money, therefore it must
be presumed to be unjust? How would such a
plea sound as between individuals in a suit at law? •
Suppose a man were to plead, not that he had paid
the debt, but that twice since it had accrued he had
been able to pay, therefore it must have been an '
unjust debt, otherwise he would have paid it:
what would be -thought of such a plea as this ?
And was the plea any better when set up on the
part of the Government ? It was infinitely worse,
because it was a wrong practised upon its own
citizens, whom it was bound to protect. The ob-
jection made "by the President against the justice
of the claims, then, and set forth"as the prominent
reason why he deemed them to be questionable,
or, to use his own language, of a doubtful charac-
ter, was one which could not be sustained.
In one part of the message the objection was
that the claims were not just, and therefore ought
not to be paid; and in another part that the Gov-
ernment was called upon to pay too much; while
in another part still the objection was that they
were not called upon to pay enough to those cred-
itors. Why not let them decide that matter for
themselves ? If they were willing to give a dis-
charge of their whole claim, why should the Presi-
dent object? Another objection was, that the
passage'of a bill of this description would prevent
the settlement of the new States. Why, it would
have, so far as he was capable of understanding it,
precisely the opposite effect. He could not pos-
sibly conceive how there could be any plausibility
in such an objection as this. He was aware of
the anxiety of the Senate to despatch, the remain-
ing business; he knew that their hours were lim-
ited; he would forbear therefore any further com-
mentary upon this message; earnestly hoping,
however, that not only the attention of Senators
but the attention of the whole American people
would be drawn to this subject, involving consider-
ations, as it did, transcending, far transcending the
amount involved in the bill.
There was one other objection which he must
be allowed to advert to in conclusion, and it was,
that the contemporaneous exposition of these
claims was unfavorable to them. In this the Presi-
dent was entirely mistaken, as had been demon-
strated on a former occasion.
Mr. ALLEN said there was not now sufficient
time for debating this question, if it were debatable.
The only thing he proposed to do was to read a
brief passage from Jefferson's Manual.
[Mr. A. read from the Manual, wherein it is
stated that, when a member has a prominent in-#\
terest in a question before the House, he shall
abstain from voting, and shall not address th®
House upon the subject.]
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON desired to know to
whom the Senator intended to apply his quotation ?
Did he suppose that any member of that body was
interested in these claims ?
Mr. ALLEN said it was only for him to read
the rule, and for others to apply it.
Mr. CLAYTON. The Senator then intends to
insinuate that there is somebody interested?
Mr. ALLEN. I mean only to read the public
law relative to legislative bodies. This I have a
right to do; and, if there be any one present who
is interested, he can apply^t to himself.
Mr. WEBSTER rose to address the Senate, but
gave way temporarily for a motion by Mr. PAIR-
FIELD'in relation to the naval appropriation bill,
which it was necessary should be sent back to the
House.
The amendments of the House to the btll were
then taken up for consideration; when,
On motion of Mr. REVERDY JOHNSON,
The Senate receded from its eighth amendment,
and insisted on its ninth amendment.
Mr. WEBSTER rose, and said that he very
much wished for an opportunity to discuss at
length, and in a manner which the gravity of the
subject demanded, this second veto of the session.
He'had wished also to take some appropriate op-
portunity to discuss the principles of the first veto;
but he was conscious that the moments were fly-
ing, and that there were still important matters to
be disposed of. He had wished, also, before
leaving his seat there, if an opportunity had been
afforded him, to review at some length, not so much
for the Senate as for the country, the events of this
extraordinary session of Congress; 'for that it was
extraordinary, its results would show. At present,
however, he would forbear. An occasion would soon
