1220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 10,
offer, not in an official character, but while ming-
ling among his fellow-citizens throughout the coun-
try. He would there express his sentiments at
large. At present, he could do no more than pro-
test against this veto, against the principle, as being
a new and alarming extension of Executive au-
thority, not justified, not countenanced, finding no
precedent, no apology, in any previous exercise of
Executive power under tins Constitution. In the
next place, he protested against it as inconclusive,
as weak even in its reasoning, by which the results
are attempted to be arrived at.
In the next place/he protested against it as an
act of great and crying injustice to a great number
of persons who had appealed to the justice of the
Government of the country, and who were now
reprobated for applying at all, and told that, be- j
cause they had not received justice for such a con- !
siderable number of years, they were now preclu- !
ded. Had this intimation proceeded from any j
other quarter, he should characterize it in terms j
which it would not be proper to use upon this oc- ®
casion. j
He would forbear from saying more; but it did j
appear to him that the principle in this case was j
dangerous. No question of constitutional law had j
arisen; no question of the rights or the relative
Eower of the different branches of the Government
ad arisen. These claims were in their nature
private claims; they had been investigated by the
two Houses of Congress, through their commit- i
tee3, and allowed; and yet the chief executive '
officer of the Government, without examination,
and without an opportunity for examination,
interposed his veto. It was a case which called
for discussion, and which should have discussion.
At present, he must only content himself with re-
cording his vote in favor of the bill. j
Mr. BENTON addressed the Senate at consid- !
erable length in vindication of the veto, and in i
opposition to the claims. [The speech will appear !
in the Appendix.] !
Mr. MOREHEAD said he would not detain I
the Senate by going into an argument on the va- '
lidity of these claims against the Government. He i
would not now attempt to show that there was, or j
that there was not, a. war which affected these j
claims. The ground on which he placed the ques- j
tion was, that, whether there was a war or not—
whether the Government of the United States felt
itself bound to go into a conflict or not—leaving
these questions all out of view—his proposition
was, that when two nations had agreed on the
debt to its own use. We made a treaty with
France, by which she allowed twenty-five millions
of francs ($5,000,000) for spoliations on our com-
merce. Congress authorized a tribunal to meet
here, and investigate these claims, and make dis-
tribution of the indemnity. What did that tribunal
do? It decided that the United States had relin-
quished these claims against France—had released
the French Government from all obligation; so
that, while all the other classcs of claimants came
in for the benefits of their award, these claimants
were left out.
Mr. DIX made a few remarks in opposition to
the claims.
Mr. HUNTINGTON said he should merely,
in behalf of such of his constituents as were claim-
ants, enter for them his protest against the prin-
ciples on which this veto was defended; and he
trusted that the bill would be passed, the Pres-
ident's objections to the contrary notwithstanding.
The reasons given in justification of the act were
not less extraordinary than the act itself. If the
President could take it on himself to veto a private
bill of this character, he feared that there was great
danger lest our whole legislation may become Ex-
ecutive legislation.
Mr. J. M. CLAYTON. These claims had been
sustained by Chief Justice Marshall, by Napoleon,
by all our ministers who had been engaged in
them, and by James Madison. One word more.
The task of reporting this bill had been imposed
upon him. It properly belonged to the Senator
from Massachusetts, whose other avocations inter-
posed to prevent him from acting. I (said Mr.
C.) have performed the task to the best of my
ability. I will only add, that the citizens of the
State I represent are less interested in this hill than
those of any other State. There is no connexion
of mine—no being in whose veins flows a drop of
my blood who holds any interest in these claims.
I have been forced to the conclusion which 1 have
reached, by a conviction that the claims of these
citizens against the Government are as clear and
indisputable as any which have ever been before
Congress.
And the question being put, " Shall this bill
pass, notwithstanding the objections of the Pres-
ident ?" it was decided by yeas and nays as fol-
lows: Yeas 27, nays 15.
There not being two-thirds in the affirmative,
the bill did not pass. - -
The Committees of Conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses upon the civil and
'^subject of their justice and validity, and had de- jj diplomatic appropriation bill, the naval appropia-
cided the question of liability, war did not affect
that decision. When the United States Govern-
ment sent ministers to France, they were instruct-
ed to require that these claims should be satisfied, ;
and they did so. It was after this demand that the !
differences between the two Governments arose, j
The French Government admitted the justice of j
the claims, but avowed its inability to meet them, j
The United States ministers then determined to '
leave the question open. They did so. A treaty '
was subsequently ratified; and the second article j
having been stricken out by Napoleon, the claims i
were thus left open. TheGovernmentoftheUnited I
Statesistherefore boundtosatisfythedebt. Itisnot j
the question, whether the United States felt them- ^
selves bound to go to war or not. It is, whether
this debt is due, and if the United States Govern-
ment, having thus surrendered the claims, is not
bound injustice, and according1 to the laws of na-
tions, to satisfy them. The claims had been given
up by our Government—whether for a valuable
consideration or not, did not affect the question— j
and it was bound by its own act. j
He regretted that there was not now time to go 1
fully into the question. Like the Senator from j
Massachusetts, however, he would enter his pro- !
test against the principle laid down in the message, I
which was equally applicable to every private
claim. He had hoped that bills of this class would^
at least, have been exempted from the fatal opera- ;
tion uf Executive objections.
Mr. WEBSTER said he would take but a mo-
ment to state what was the true question. It was
tion bill, &c., respectively made reports, which
were agreed to, and the bills were passed.
The bill making an appropriation for the settle-
ment of the claims of the State of Alabama against
the United States, was passed.
The bill to establish certain post routes was
taken up, amended, and passed.
NEGOTIATION WITH MEXICO.
Mr. LEWIS moved that the Senate take up for
consideration the bill from the House entitled "An
act making further provision for the expenses at-
tending the intercourse between the United States
and foreign nations," and Hemanded the yeas and
nays upon his motion.
Mr. BREESE. Will the Senator withdraw his
motion long enough to allow me to make a report?
Mr. LEWIS. I cannot consent to withdraw the
motion for any purpose whatever.
The question being put, the motion prevailed,
upon a division: Ayes 19, noes 10.
The bill, having been read a first and second
time, being then before the Senate as in committee
of the whole—
Mr. EVANS moved to amend the preamble.
Amendments to the enacting clauses of the bill}
were decided to be first in order.
Mr. LEWIS then moved to strike out the pro-
| viso which had been added to the bill in the House
| of Representatives, and which is as follows:
: ''Provided. That, as an express and fundamental condition
| of the acquisition of any teiritorv from the Republic oOIexi-
j co by the United States, bv vntue of oity tiealy wluci may
' * negotiated between thorn, -.nd to the by the J-'xe-
not that the Government of the United States did ;! Uve ofaT!-v mom'P appropriated, neither ^lavcu nor
not prosecute the war with sufficient energy. It }
was not whether it was its duty to have gone into !
a quaxi or an actual war. It was this: whether j
the Government had not, for some object connected
with its public policy, taken the property of these
involunt<uy .servitude >haii ever exist m any pai f of said
t< mtory, except for ciiine, whereof the party shall iirst be
duly convicted.1' !
Mr. DAVIS said he should hke to hear some •
reason assigned for striking out this proviso. '
Mr. LEWIS said there was no time now for :
claimants for its own benefit—appropriated this il giving reasons or making explanations.
Mr. DAVIS observed that this seemed like
legislating under a high degree of steam-pressure.
He then proceeded to examine the details of the
bill. It proposed first, as he understood it, to ap-
propriate thirty thousand'dollars for the purpose of
negotiating with Mexico, and afterwards it pro-
posed to add two millions of dollars for something
like the same purpose. He inquired why it was
necessary that there should be the enormous ap-
propriation of two millions of dollars for the pur-
pose of negotiating a treaty with Mexico? He
asked, and he thought he had some right to de-
mand, some explanation of a provision of this
description, when it was clearly understood here
and everywhere throughout this country that the
United States was not the debtor of Mexico; that
she had no pecuniary claims upon this country
whatever. On the contrary, it was alleged as one
of the reasons why this country should make war
against th at Republic, that she was largely indebted
to the United States. A refusal on her part to
make prompt payment of those debts was alleged
as one of the causes for the hostility which now
exists. It was alleged that Mexico had refused to do
us that justice which was due to us from her, and
that therefore the war was undertaken in order to
compel her to do justice. What, then, were tile
two millions of dollars wanted for? Certainly not
for the purpose of cancelling any obligation exist-
ing between us and her. What, then, is its pur-
pose? It has been intimated that it was to be ap-
propriated for tire purpose of acquiring additional
territory; and, if he could understand another sec-
tion of the bill rightly, (he meant that one which
was now proposed to be stricken out,) that was
the object. If the clause which it was proposed
should be stricken out had any signification at all,
it clearly showed that the object of the appropria-
tion was the acquisition of territory. He was
anxious to see the difficulty now existing between
this country and the Republic of Mexico adjusted,
and if any gentleman, either here or elsewhere,
would show that this sum of two millions of dol-
lars was necessary to accomplish that object, he
would very cheerfully vote for it. But, perceiving
no such necessity to exist, he was necessarily
obliged to suppose that other objects and other
views were entertained, and that it was not for the
purpose of settling the controversy between the
two countries in regard to, the boanoary ofTexas. -
Whatj theB,. was its object? 'They "were forced
unavfiidably to the conclusion that it was an appro-
priation for the purpose of acquiring territory. And
of what possible utility, he asked, was it to the
United States to acquire further accessions of ter-
ritory? How long was it since the question of
the annexation of Texas had ceased to sguate the
public mind ? How long was it since the public
feeling had been manifested upon this point, that
the boundary of the United States had been ex-
tended as far as it was desirable that it should at
present beextended ?
[A message from the House of Representatives
was here delivered.]
Mr. D. resuming, said: I am entirely aware,
Mr. President, that this is not the time nor the
season for debating questions of this magnitude.
It would have been much betier if the question
had been presented at an earlier period of the ses-
sion to the consideration of Congress, that it might
have received a suitable degree of consideration.
But I return to the inquiry, why should this clause
be stricken out? The House of Representatives
has seen fit to insert in the bill that, if there be an
acquisition of territory, involuntary servitude shall
not exist within that territory. Kow, I should like
to hear some reasons, if there be any, why it should
exist. I should like to hear some g;ood and suffi-
cient reason, such as would satisfy the country.
[A message was here received from the Presi-
dent of the United States.]
I was saying, Mr. President, that 1 would be
glad to hear some good and sufficient reason why
this provision should not remain in the bill, in ease,
an acqusition of territory is to be made. Where is
the ambition of this country, of this Government,
{rojng to had tis! What is going to be acquired?
Why, it has been stated as a matter of public rumor
that we are to acquire California; that that region
of country is to be attached to the United States,
and a new batch of States to be constituted. Now,
I ask on what foundation does the supposition rest
that it will be agreeable to Mexico to negotiate for
the surrender of California? Is any gentleman
