1224
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the United States, by Mr. Walker, his Secretary.
[The message wilt appear in the Appendix.]
The message was read, and also the convention
. between She United States of America and her Ma-
jesty the Clueen of the United Kingdom of Great
Britain and Ireland, concluded at Washington the
15th day of June, 1846, was read a first time.
On motion by Mr. ALLEN, that the convention
and the message communicating the convention,
together with the message of the 10th instant,
communicating a proposal for the adjustment of
the Oregon question, and the documents accompa-
nying the same, be printed in confidence for the
use of the Senate.
On motion by Mr. McDUFFIE, to amend the
said motion by adding after the word "same" the
words "except the communication from Mr. Mc-
Lane to Mr. Buchanan," a debate ensued; and, on
motion, ordered that the further consideration of
said motion be postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. HANNEGAN submitted the following re-
solution for consideration:
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to the Senate a copy of ail the correspondence which
has taken place between this Government and that of Great.
Britain, relative to the Oiegron treaty, together with the des-
patches and m/tructions forwarded to our Minister, Mr.
McLane ; and a full and complete copy of his despatches and
communications to this Government on the same subject.
Wednesday, June 17, 1846.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution
submitted by MivHannegan on the 16th instant;
"which was modified and agreed to, as follows:
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to the Senate a copy of all the correspondence which
has taken place between this Government and that of Great
Britain relative to the Oregon treaty, together with the de-
spatches and instructions {oi warded to our Ministei, Mr.
McLane; and a full and complete copy of his de?patches
and communications to this Government on the same sub-
ject, not heretofbie communicated to the Senate.
Mr. ATCHISON submitted the following reso-
lution for consideration:
Resolved, That the President be requested to furnish the
Senate with all the infoimation in his possession in relation
to the kind and extent of claims to farms and lands of the
Puget Sound Agucultuial Company, in the Territory of
Oregon.
On motion by Mr. ALLEN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the motion of the 16th instant,
to printthe convention with Great Britain and the
messages and documents relating thereto; and, on
motion by Mr. HAYWOOD, ordered that it lie
on the table. .
On motion by Mr. BENTON, that the conven-
tion with Great Britain be referred to a selcct com-
mittee of five members, to consider and report
thereon,
On motion by Mr. ALLEN, ordered that said
motion lie on the table.
On motion by Mr. ALLEN, the Senate proceed-
ed to consider the motion of the 16th instant, to
print the convention with Great Britain, and the
messages and documents relating'thereto; and, on
the question to agree to the amendment proposed
thereto by Mr. McDuffie, it was determined in
the negative—yeas 21, nays 31.
On motion by Mr. ALLEN, the yeas and nays
being desired by one-fifth of the Senators present,
Those who voted in the affirmative are,
Messrs. Archer, Benton, Benlen,Calhoun, Chalmers, Col-
quitt, Corvvm, Davis, Davton, Haywood, Houston, Johnson
of Louisiana, Lewis, McDuffie, Miller, Moreliead, Pearee,
Pemiybacker, Rusk, Speight, and l'ulee.
Those who voted in the negative are,
Me^rs. Allen, Ashley, Atchison, Atheiton, Bagby, Bar-
row, Breeze, Bright, Oameion, Cass, Thomas Clayton,
Crittenden. Dickinson, Dix, Evans, Fan field, Gieene, Han-
ncgan, Jarnagin, Jcnncss, Johnson of Maryland, Maneum,
Nilcs, Semple, Sevier, Simmons, Stuigeon, Tmney, Up-
ham, Webster, and Weatcott.
I Resolved, (two-third? of the Senators present concurring,)
That the Senate advise and consent to the ratification of the
treaty between the United States of America and her Majes-
ty the Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and
Ireland, concluded at Washington, the IMi day of June,
1846.
The Senate by unanimous consent proceeded to
consider the said resolution.
On motion by Mr. HANNEGAN, to amend the
said resolution, by striking out ail after the word
" resolved," and inserting the following in lieu
thereof:
" That the President of the United States be, and he Is
hereby, advised by tlie Senate to offer to the Government
of Great Britain as a just, fair, and equitable compromise
of the eontiieting claims of the two Governments connected
with the country Ijing along between the Rocky Mountains
and the Pacific Ocean, extending from the parallel of forty-
two degrees to Mr-four degrees and forty minutes nottti
latitude, and including the islands embraced within said
paralieN of latitude adjacent to the coa.-t, the following as
the fundamental provisions, for a treaty between the two
Governments: *
" First. The Government of Great Britain shall acknowl-
edge the nsht of -Oil. ar.d the sovereignty, to esi=t and b.-:
with the United States, to the whole termor}' above descri-
bed, and shall aliaridon'to the United States all claim which
?ha!l in any mannereonfiictwitn the paramount jurisdiction
of the {'nited States therein.
"Second. The United Slate?"halleuarantrlothcTludfoii
Bay Company for twenty year;, from the date of such treaty
the most perfect security in all their possessions, and the
right to pur?ue their bur-inc: :- of hunting and trapping, witfi
all the immunities which pertainUiereto.atid tottadc«uring
that period with the native*: and the u-e during that time
of the ports, rivers, and harbors, within said territory, with-
out charge or hinderanee.
"Third. Within twelve months from the date of said
So the proposed amendment was rejected.
On the question to agree to the motion to print, j
it was determined in the affirmative. _ j
So it was ordered that the convention, and the j.
message communicating the convention, together j
with the message of the 10th instant communica- ;
ting a proposal ^- the adjustment of the Oregon i
question, and the documents accompanying the j
same, be printed in confidence for the use of the j
Senate. ;
Thursday, June J8, 1846. j
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution, ,
submitted by Mr. Atchisox, the 17th instant, j
which was modified by adding thereto the follow- j
ing words: !
"And that he be requested to communicate to t*ie Senate ,
a copy of the act incorporating the <Pu?et Sound Aaricul- .
tural Company,' or of the original instrument constituting i
j that company."
On motion by Mr. ALLEN, to amend the said >
resolution, so modified, by adding thereto the fol- j
lowing: ;
"And that the Prudent he requested to lay before the ;
Senate any information m his po&c-Mon relative to the j
kind, char.ietei, number, and extent of the po«se>«ory rights ;
of the Hudson Bay Company, and of ail British subjects \
who may be already in the occupation of land or other pro- 1
perty in the Oregon tenifory, south of the forty-ninth paral- '
lei of north latitude; }il«o, the number of «-uch British sub- t
jects, including the members, agents, and servants of >aid ;
company; also, the location, number. and e.\tent of the |
foit?, stations, and settlements of paid company, south of .
said parallel; also, the means of attack and defence in the 1
possession of said company within said limits." |j
After debate, it was determined in the affirma- ; i treaty, commissioners shall be selected by,and on behalf of,
,• v-.-.ttc. '! the respective Governments, whose duty it shall be to assess
uve, yeas do, nays id. at just and liberal prices the value of the property of the Mud-
Oil motion by Mr. ALLLxN, the yeas ana nays SO{) Bay Company within .-aid territory, w hiehamoiint, when
being desired by one-fifth of the Senators present, '! ascertained, shall be paid by the United States to said com-
Those who voted in the affirmative are, :! pany. m such manner, and at such time, as shall be agreed
: upon between the L mred States and Great Britain.57
Messrs. Alien, Ashley, Atherton, JBrecse. Bright, Cal-«, _ , , . r _
~ ~ - It was determined m the negative—yeas 5, nays
I 42.
i On motion by Mr. SEVIER, the yeas and nays
being desired by one-fifth of the Senators present,
those who voted in the affirmative are,
Messrs. Atchison, Cameron, Hannegan. Semple, and Stur-
geon.
Those who voted in the negative are,
Messrs. Archer. Ashley. Atherton* Bagbv, Barrow, Ben-
ton, Berrien, Calhoun, Chalmers, Thomas Clajton, Jobs
M. Clayton, Colquitt. Corivin, Crittenden, Davis, Davton,
Dix, Evans, Greene, 6aywoods Houston, Huntington, John-
son of Maryland. Johnson of JLoaistafta, Lewis, McDuffie,
Mangum, Miller, Morehead, NUe^,, JPeerce, Peenybacker,
Phelps, RigS, Sevier, Simmons, Speight, Tnrney, Upham,
Webster," wbodbndge, and Yulee.
So the proposed amendment was rejected.
On the question to agree to the resolution, it
was determined in the affirmative—yeas 41, nays 14.
Those who voted m the atBrmative are,
i! Messrs. Archer, Ashley. Bagby. Barrow, B.-nt-•«. Berrien,
iI Calhoun, Chalmers, Thomas Clayton. John M. C'.ju ton,
*' Colquitt. Coi win. Crittenden, Davis, Dayton. Dix, Evans,
i| Greene, Iiaywood. Houston. Huntington, Johnson of Mary-
1 land. Johnson of Louisiana. "Lewis, McDufrie, Mangum,
ii Miller, Mcrehoad. Niles. Pearee, P# i.nyl«a<-ker, Phelps.
i1 Ru<k, Sevier, Simmons, Speight, Tumey. Upintm. Web~
ster. Woodbridge, and Yulee.
' Those who voted in the negative ore.
Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton. Br<ese. Bright. Cam-
Ordercd, That the Secretary lay the said resolu- r eron. Cas>, Dickinson, Fairfield, Hannegan, Jeuncrss, Snu-
i r>n r T t TTnif-^rl Rr.-if ' \ P*'"1. on. find \\ estei>"L
| So it was resolved, (two-thirds of the Senators
; present concurring,^ that the Senate advise and
i consent to the ratification of the treaty between the
! United States of Amciica and her Mr.josfy the
Q-ueen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain
\ ajid Ireland, concluded at Washington the loth
i dav of June, 1S46.
: Ordtrtdy I'iiat the Secretary lay the said rcsolu-
1 tion before the President of the "United States.
houn. Cameron, Cass, Chalmers, Colquitt, Convzn, Critten-
den, Davis, Davton, Dickinson, Dix, Fairfield, Karmesrnn,
Houston, Jamagm, Jenness, Johnson of Marvlar.d. John-
son of Louisiana, McDuffie, Mangum, Miller, PuSes. Penny-
backer, Seiriple, Bevjer, Simmons, Sturgeon, Westcott,
Woodbridge, and Yulee.
Those who voted in the negative are,
Messrs. Archer, Bagby, Berrien, Thomas Clayton, John
M. Clayton, Evan?, Greene, Haywood. Lewis, Morehead,
Phelps," Rus-k, Speight, Turney, and Webster.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was then agreed to,
as follows:
Resolved, That tire President be requested to furnish the
Senate with all the information in bis possession in relation
to the kind and extent of claims to farms and lands of the
Puget Sound Agricultuml Company in the terntoiy of Or-
egon ; and that he he requested to eommnnieate to the Sen-
ate a copv of the act incorporating the Pugei Sound Agri-
cultural Company, or of the original instrument constituting
that company; and that the President be requested to lay be-
fore the Senate any information in his possession relative to
the kind, chaiacter, number, and extent, of the possessory
rights of the Hudson Bay Company; and of all British sub-
jects who may be already in the occupation of land or other
property in the Oiegon lerutory south of the 49th parallel of
noith latitude; also the numbei of such British subject*, in-
cluding the membeife, agents, arid servants oi said company;
also the location, number, and extent of the forts, stations,
and settlements of said company south Of said parallel; al-o
the means of attack and defence in the possession of said
company witlun said limits.
tion before the President of the United States.
The Senate proceeded, as in committee of the
whole, to consider the treaty between the United
States of America and her Majesty the Q,neen of
the TTnited Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland,
concluded at Washington the loth day of June,
1846. And no amendment being made thereto, it
was reported to the Senate.
Mr. McDUFFIE submitted the following reso-
lution for consideration:
This sheet completes the Congressional Globe for the 1st Session of the 29th Congress, except the Index to it, which we
expect to be able to send to subscribers within three weeks from this time. All subscribers who have- filed their papers, and hare
failed to receive any of the numbers, will please write to us (and pay the postage) as soon as possible w hat numbers they need to
complete their files, and they will be sent to them immediately. We will also furnish missing numbers of the preceding volumes
as far as we have them : we can supply most of them.
We can furnish the twelve volumes of the Congressional Globe and Appendix for the twelve sessions preceding the one
just closed, unbound, for $34; or well bound, with Russia backs and corners, for 16.
The Congressional Globe and Appendix will be printed by us next session for S'l each. Those who intend to subscribe
for them should have the money here by the 7th December, else they may not be able to get all the numbers.
