2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Bee. 2,
upon which Mr. Robbins qualified and
took his seat.
The Senate resolved to pay their usual
tribute of respect by wearing mourning,
&c, for the Hon. Mr. Buckner and Hon.
Mi. Johnson, lately deceased.
The customary resolutions were then
passed, that a message should be sent to
mfoim the House of Representatives that
the Senate were ready to proceed to the
despatch of business, for the usual num-
ber of newspapers to be furnished to each
Senator, and that a committee should be
appointed to wait on the President to
inform him they were ready to receive any
communication he might make.
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 2,1833.
At twelve o'clock the House was called
to order by the Clerk.
The Clerk proceeded to call the names
of the several members by States. The
names oí the Kentucky delegation being
called,
Mr. ALLAN, of Kentucky, rose and
iaid" Gentlemen of the House of Repre-
sentatives, by the law apportioning the
Representatives in Congress among the
States, the State of Kentucky is entitled
to thirteen members, and the Legislature
of Kentucky, by a law passed at their last
session, accordingly divided the State into
thirteen congressional districts, from each
of which one member was required to be
elected. But he perceived that fourteen
gentlemen luid piesented themselves as
Repiesentdtives from that State. From
the distnct composed of the counties of
Mercer, Garraid, Jessamine, Lincoln, &c,
two persons presented themselves in this
Hall, both claiming to be members. It
was.obvious that this controversy must be
settled at this stage of the pioceeding.
The question was deeply interesting to the
district where the election was made and
to the State of Kentucky. The delega- j
tion from that State had examined the
vouchers which had been presented, and
come to an opinion on the subject, which i
he, as the organ of the delegation, was
deputed to expiess. He rose to perform
this duty under circumstances of peculiar .
embauas-anent This was a new Con-,
gres'-, and was composed oft majonty of
new members. Tf left to his own feelings, I
tie would have been content to keep his '
scat and give «i si!°nt vote, it was d pain- j
ful duty to him to be obliged to expie s
nu opinion affecting the rights of gentle-
men with both of whom he had been long
acquainted, and with whom hisassociations
had bren of the most agreeable ch u icter,
but he slioul I do it in a mannei most re-
spectful to their feelings 7 o enable the
House to decide the question, he would
cill foi the leading of the credentnls,
winch weifii the possession of the Clo'k,
of  the individuals claiming to be elected
The Cleik, after explaining the manner
m which the papéis were received, ( om-
meiiccd toread a iettei from tbeExPCimve
of Kentucky, enclosing the certificates of
the election from the different districts.
Mr. WAYNE here rose reluctantly, he
said, to interrupt the proceedings. He took
no part in the controversy, but he wished
to know whether any and whose name was
entered upon the roll of members from the
fifth congressional district of Kentucky.
The Clerk stated the name of " Thomas
P. Moore" appeared on the roll.
Mr. WAYNE. Then I ask permission
to call upon that gentleman to exhibit his
credentials to those who were about to
qualify as members, for none of us were
members until we were duly qualified. This
had been the former usage of Congress.
Eaeh member formerly presented his cre-
dentials prior to qualification. No one could
be sworn in without some credentials. He
felt it his solemn duty, springing from his
heart, to stop the proceeding, so irregular
in its charactei, by which the right of any
member to his seat might be contested. He
knew no gentlemen here as members of
Congress, for they were not members until
they were sworn in as representatives from
different States, and those who were fur-
nished with the usual credentials weie
alone entitled to be qualified. With these
remarks he called for the reading of the
evidence of the election of the gentleman
whose named was upon the roll.
Mr. ALLAN. Does the gentleman ob-
ject to the further reading of the certifi-
Mr. WAYNE No. But I object to
anything conflicting with the right of any_
person to take his seat and qualify as a
member, he being able to exhibit the usual
evidence of his election. If the creden-
tials are found sufficient, the gentleman
has a right to be qualified and to take his
seat.
The Clerk proceeded to read the certifi-
cate of the election of Thomas P.Moore,
from the fifth congressional district of
Kentucky.
Mr. WAYNE. Is that paper presented
by the membei?
The Clerk, in reply, stated that no paper
had been read from Mr. Moore.
Mr. ALLAN wished, he said, to ask the
gentleman from Georgia whether he con-
ended that any person presenting himself
as a member, and whose name appears
upon the roll, is entitled to be qualified'1
Mr WAYNE. If the member will show
the credentials in virtue of which he claims
his seat the House can judge of their suf-
ficiency, i, for one, am íeady to pass
judgment upon them.
Mr   MOORE, of Kentucky, rose and said
Gentlemen of the House of Representatives, had
I not been infoitried, from various quaiters, that
this  movement would  be made, it would   have |
greatly surpnsed m°     Unprecedented as it is, I j
an j repared to meet it calmly, and to submit it '
to the decib en of the House  a tnouga unformed, |
a id not ha\ m^ the power to gp e a le^al decision, i
a? is row iheoa^e     It is upo i pnn nf ae evidence
oily that any rnemoei ot this Ilouseis entitled to
be qualified, a id it carnot be ki own to us, as a'!
corst tutional body, whose el(-<"tioiis to be con   ]
tested and whos° not, until the Hoase is otgamzed
Until then, theie is,  n fact, no oie entitled to ,|
make such a motion, and no one entitled to decide I1
it. 1 come here with the puna facie evidence of
my election, like the honorable irentiemen around
me I have in my possession the cemftcate of a
majority of the sheriffs, convened according to law
to compare the polls, and the Clerk of this House
has íeceived the same evidence from the Governor
of the State of Kentucky, that I am the Repi esent-
ative of the fifth district, that he has tiansmitted
to establish the claims of the other members from
Kentucky. If these documents are informal or
defective, a committee of this House, after it is
duly organized, will so decide, and until they do
so, and it is sanctioned by the House, I am at
much entitled to my seat here as any member on
this floor I not only have the puma facie evidence
of my right to the seat, but if any one, at a proper
period, shall come forward to contest it, I shall, I
hope, be prepared to show that I am duly elected,
or, that the election was marked by such gross
irregularities as ought to refer it again to the de-
cision of the people Nothing but a deep convic-
tion of the truth of what I have stated would have
brought me here, and if my wishes could have
controlled all doubts as to who is legally entitled to
the seat.it would have been decided by the people
themselves, without troubling this House But as
that appeal to decide ultimate as well as pt ima facie
rights was declined, I have no alternative but to
assert my rights and those whom I claim to rep-
resent here
Ever inclined to pursue that course which may
preserve order and decorum in this Hall, and not
being disposed to retard the" organization of the
House, I shall cheerfully submit to any decision
the gentlemen present shall make, but it is my
duty to do it with a proper assertion of my rights,
and the rights of those whom I claim to represent
I therefore, respectfully, deny the right of any one
to vote on the subject in its present stage, and if
I am prohibited from qualifying, I protest against
it as an arbitrary exertion of power, which will
form a most dangerous precedent, and not only
deprive me of my just rights, but the people of
the fifth congressional district of their representa-
tive
The Clerk then read Ae fifth congres-
sional election return.
After a few words of explanation be-
tween Mr. MOORE and Mr. ALLAN,
which we could not hear,
Mr. ALLANsaid: I now understand the
gentleman to say that he rests his right to
a seat upon the paper which has just been
read. I now contend that, according to
the law and usage of Kentucky, the cer-
tificate just read is a mere nullity. The
case presented is the extraordinary and
novel case of an individual claiming a seat
without a certificate oí his election. A
majority of the delegation from Kentucky
having examined the paper, pronounce it
a nullity
He would proceed bnefly to explain this
conclusion. By the law passed at the last
session of the Legislatuie of Kentucky to
regulate this subject, it was made the duty
of the county sheriffs to meet at a particu-
lar place, to count the vofes, give a certifi-
cate of election, &c What was the object
of this law ' It was to asceitun. who has
the majority, and to furnish the pei-on
having it with the legal evidtnee of the
fact.    Mr ALLAN here read the law.
Mr. WAYNE here nvde a remark, in
an under tone, addressing himself to the
gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr ALLAN continued So far as I
understand my duty, I take it th it I h ive
a light to present tins question. Tin-, is
a House as soon as a quorum has assem-
bled, and is competent to do ariythui r as
a Hou^e     It is its  fiit,t and mipeiative
