1883.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOSE.
duty, before its organization, to ascertain
who aie its mernbcis.
Mr FOSTER wished the gentleman
from Kentucky to give way for a moment,
■while he moved that we appoint some
member to the chin All bodies, pirlui-
mentary 01 oihr iwise, on getting together,
can appoint a chanman The House, he
perceived, was becoming confused, and
it would be difficult to proceed w.thout
a chairman, to whom gentlemen would
addiess themselves
Mr SPEIGHT suggested tint the Cleik
had better proceed to caí! the names of
the members, tint those as to whom there
was no contest might be qualified He
hoped the question would not be moved
till a Speaker was chosen and the mem-
bers qualified.
Mr. ALLAN would have no objection,
he said, to tliiscontse, were it the usage of
the House to qualify the members beforp
the election of Speaker. The election of
Speaker is one of the most impoitant
functions of the House, trie character of
tile House much depending upon us or-
ganization. In the exercise of this import-
ant function was not his Stite entitled to
be fully lepiesented on this floor ? He
repeated that he was unwilling to take anv
couise which would lead to any embai-
lassment This was a case of difficulty,
he wou'd admit, but it was a case of high
importance We had time enough to act
uoon it now There was no occasion foi
huiry ni the organization of the House.
Believing that he had a right to the floor,
he would now proceed respectfully to
examine this ceilificate, confining his re-
maiks to the face of the paper.
Mr BOON Will the gentleman give
way for one moment?
Mr. ALLAN No , I will now finish
\vh it I l.ave to say, and the gentleman w ill
have m oppoi tunity to be heaid afterwards.
'1 his certificate shows that the sheriffs
met-------
Mr LETCHER here interposed and
stated that he would cease to piess this
question until the House vv is 01 ramzed.
The call was continued, and 229 mem-
bers ansvieied to their names
ELECTION  Or  SPEAKER
The House proceeded to ballot for a
Speaker Mr. CL1Y of A'abaitia, and
Mi. JAR"VI^, of Maine, acting as tel'ers
Upon tin first billot, ¡t appeared tint the
\vl ole number of votes given was 218, of
which 110 were necessary to a choice,
and that there weie for
Audiew Stevenson   142 | C  F "Yfeicei
L°wis Will ans
Edward Eveiett
John Bell
Richard Oouitei
R H  Wilde     .
39
1j
4
2
2
John Davis   ......    1
Samuel A  Foot          1
Joseph Vance   .         1
James K Poik ...    1
Blanks,.........    8
The Hon Anntir'w Stevenson, of Va ,
having 142 votes, was declared to be duly
elected, and having been conducted to the
chair by Mi. Williams, of N C-iroliiu,
addiessed the House as follows                    '
Genilemeis: This is the fomth time th it
you have been pleased to call mctothishigh
oiñee. For this new and distinguished
irmk of youi confidence and favor I prav
you to iccept my «arm ind grateful ac-
knowledgments and whilst it will be
deeph vdut-d and chensned by me as the
best reward for any past service that I may
have rendered, it shall inspire me with a
zeal so to conduct myself as to justify, m
some mesiiire, the choice of my friends,
and merit the continued approbation of
my country Would to God that I was
bettei qualified to fulfill the aiduousduties
of this clnir in a manner suitable to its
dignity and impoitance, my own wishes
and honor, and the just expectations of the
House There aie few stations, gentlemen,
under oui Government, eithei in relation
to their elevation, or the nature and extent
of their duties, more laborious or respon-
sible than that of Speaker of this House,
and there piobablyhas been no period in
(he past history of our country when the
duties of the Chair were more important,
or calculated to impose higher responsi-
bilities, than at the present moment? en-
hanced, as they necessarily must be, by
the enlarged number of the House, by the
increased mass of its ordinary business,
and by those interesting and important
subjects which will, no doubt, be presented
for consideration, and probably give rise
to deep political excitement.
Foi the last six yeaio my experience in
this chan has taught me, not only to know
and feel its lesponsibilmes and tnals, but
to know likewise how difficult and, indeed,
impossible it is, in an office like this, w hose
duties must often be discharged amidst
the warmth of party feeling, for any man,
whoever he may be, to free himself from
censure or give unqualified satisfact'on ,
and especially in times like these, when
the acts of public men are not passed
hgntly over, noi any very chantable judg-
ment pronounced upon their motives
Under these ciieumstances, gentlemen,
sincerely distrustful of my abilit.es, both in
then charactei and extent, Í come again, I
at your bidding, to this high office.    All I
that I dare  hope, or promise, will be to '
proceed in the path marked out, and in
the spirit of the  principles  which I laid
down  foi   my government   when I first
came to this chan      It shall be my con-
stant and ardent desire to dischaije my
duty with all the ability and addie s m my
povvpi, with the temper and  moderation
due to the stitiou ind the House, and at
least with a zei! and fidelity of intention
which sh ill bear me up u.ider every era-
bairassment and difficulty, ind entitle me i
to the approbation of the just and hbpral
portion of m) oountrj.    But ali my efforts
must prove unavailing without that liberal
and cordial cooperation which the House ^
have heretofoie so kindly extended to the
Chan       How   much   will   depend upon
yourselves, gentlemen,   individually   and
collectively, in pieseiving the permanent
laws and íules of the House, and giving !
dignity and chaiacter to its proceedings,
it is not necessary that I should attempt to
impress on you , nor is it needful, I am
sure, that I should admonish you of the
magnitude of your trust, or (he manner in
which it ought to be discharged. But this
I will take occasion to say, that if it be
true th it this House is justly to be regard-
ed as the great bulwark of liberty and or-
der, if here—here in this exalted refuge,
the people are to look for the security and
safety ot their free institution5!, and to re-
pose with unlimited confidence and affec-
tion, how important, how deeply import-
ant, is it, that we piove ourselves worthy
of the trust, and act as becomes the Rep-
resentatives of a free and enlightened
nation.
Yes, gentlemen, animated by a virtuous
and p itiiotic zeal, let all our proceedings,
I pi ay you, be marked with forbearance,
moderaiion, and dignity , let us diligently
and steadfastly pursue those measures, and
those only, which are best calculated to
advance the happiness and glory of our
beloved country, and render that Union,
which our fathers established for the pro-
tection of our liberties, imperishable and
immortal.
ELECTION OP CLERK.
On motion of Mr. MANN, the House
then proceeded to the election of a Clerk.
Mr.   MANN   nominated   Walter   S.
Franklin, of Pennsylvania.
Mr KI\G nominated Matthew St. Clair
Clarke, of Pennsylvania.
The House proceeded to the election,
and upon the first ballot it appeared that
the whole number of votes given was 231,
of which 116 was necessaiy to a choice,
and that there were for—
Matthew St Clan Clarke..............113
WalterS  Franklin    ..............107
Eleazer Early ..       .           ........   2
Walter F Claike.....................   1
Thos C Love......................   5
Blanks...............................   3
There being no choice the House pro-
ceeded to a second ballot, and it appeared
that 228 votes were given—necessary toa
choice 115, and that there were for—
Matthew St 'Clair Clarke..............118
Walter S. Fraakhn   ..................114
Blanks    ............................    2
A message was received from the Senate
that that House was organized and ready
to proceed to business.
The House then proceeded to a third
ballot for Clerk, v\ hen it appeared that 229
votes were given, of which Mr. Walter S.
Franklin received 117 votes, and Matthew
St Clair Claike 110; whereupon, Walter
S. Franklin was declared duly elected,
having received a majonty of the whole
number.
Adjourned till to-morrow at 12 o'clock.
IN SENATE
Tuesday, December 3, 1833.
A message was received from the House of
Reoresentatives that they had elected Andrew
Stevenson, Esq , of Vngima, Speaker of their
House, also, that they were then ready to proceed
to business, and that a «solution had been agreed
to, to appoint a committee, to join such committee
as snould be appointed by the Senate, to wait on
the President of the United States, and receive
from him such communication as he" might be
pleased to make
