14
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec.
o,
should"refer a fact for examination to a committee,
and require, by a rule, that the evidence of this
fact should be the assent of each individual mem-
ber of the committee, would it be pretended that,
in this case, theactof a majority of the committee
would be taken in the room of the evidence re-
quired?   iThe certificate" required  by the law of
Kentucky is to be the result of the examination by
the sheriffs.    Those who suppose that this certifi-
cate complies with the statute of Kentucky, must
. consider that the  Legislature,  in  requiring the
signature of all the sheriffs, in fact only meant to
require the signature of a majority of them.    He
presented the following view as a test question:
Is the law of Kentucky requiring the signature of
all the sheriffs complied with by a certificate which
is signed by only three out of five of the sheriffs?
But suppose that a majority in the House determ-
ines that five means the same thing as three, is
there no other deficiency in it?    He did not rely
on  technicalities.     The   gentleman  from   New
Hampshire excluded the last clause of the certifi-
cate as surplusage.    In fact, the legal effect and
common sense of the certificate is, that Thomas P.
Moore has the majority of all the votes which they,
the sheriffs,-thought proper to count—or, what is
the same thing, that Thomas P. Moore had all the
votes which were not given to other candidates.
Was this a certificate that Thomas P. Moore was
elected by a majority of the votes of the district?
Is this legal evidence that Thomas P. Moore is
elected ?   The sheriffs superadd to the declaration
that Thomas P. Moore is duly elected, that they
did not count alijhe votes.   That instrument has
neither authenticity nor substance.    It is not le-
gally authenticated, and if it was, it does not show
that Thomas P. Moore was duly elected.    In re-
gard to what had been said on the subject of pre-
cedents, he contended that a case like this had
never before occurred.   Suppose a member from
the District of Columbia should present himself
for qualification, would it be necessary to refer it
to a  committee?    Would not the credentials be
called for?   Suppose the claimant had brought a
certificate signed by a constable, or by half a dozen
of his neighbors,  would it be received as prima
facie evidence of election?   In the cases which had '
been referred to committees, and which the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Pole] relied on, the
claimants presented duly authenticated certificates.
If Mr. Moore had brought a formal certificate
there would have been no difficulty in the case.
But he has brought a paper which is a mere nullity.
The question to be settled on this occasion vitally
affected thedearest interests of this country.   You
place the election of members to this House on a
loose, indefinite, and  unsafe foundation, if you
depart from the express words of the laws which '
are made to guard the purity of elections.
Mr. JONES said it appeared to him that the hon-
orable gentleman from New York [Mr. Bkards-
!.ey| had not taken the distinction between judicial
and ministerial offices. The sheriffs were bound
not to return an-opmion,butafact. Hecontended
that the law required the signatures of all the sher-
iffs. Some gentlemen had suggested that we had
no evidence that any poll was held in Lincoln
county. This was an error. At the close of the
certificate the sheriffs say, almost in terms, that a
poll was taken in Lincoln county, and it was not
taken into the computation. The certificate was
insufficient for the reason that it was not properly
authenticated, and for the further reason that on
its face it does not declare that the claimant has a
majority of all the votes.
Mr BEARDSLEY said he could not look be-
hind the certificate, as the usage had been, in all
such cases as the present not to go behind them.
Mr. Moore had presented his certificate here,and
so had every gentleman his, or it had been sent
here by the competent authorities. No objection
had been taken to any except that presented by
M r. Moore, although it was possible to make such,
and then the same question would have been pre-
sented as in the case beforethem. Hecontended,
then, that the whole matter came to the simple
question, whether the certificate was a substantial
compliance with the laws of Kentucky ? The ma-
terial fact in the case is, does the certificate say
that all the votes were returned on its face? It does
not appear that any votes, if any were taken in
Lincoln county, were returned; and saying that
the votes in that county were not taken into the
calculation, is saying they were not returned.
Mr. HARDIN said that he had just conversed
with both the gentlemen, and they had agreed that
the whole subject should be referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections, and proposed to modify his
first resolution.
Mr, HUBBARD observed, if that was the un-
derstanding he would withdraw his amendment.
After some conversation between Mr. POLK
and Mr. HARDIN, the resolutions were read,
when—
Mr. STEWART suggested that further action
on the subject ought to be suspended until the
appointment of the committees was announced.
Mr. CHILTON thought the resolution ought
to be amended so that the papers produced before
thecommittee should be subject to all legal excep-
tions.
Mr. ARCHER called for a division on the ques-
tion.
Mr. POLK said, if any difficulty was to arise
from the arrangement he hoped the House would
proceed upon it as it was originally presented.
Notices had been given by the gentlemen of the
taking of depositions on both sides, and, in order
to prevent difficulty, and protract a decision of the
question, it was now agreed, between the parties |
interested, to read all the papers.                               !
Mr. HARDIN assented to this understanding. ¡
Mr. ARCHER said that, although he had no i
objection to any arrangement which the gentlemen Í
might make, yet he could not consent that ihe !
House should ratify anything between them which ,
might eompromit the rights of the people of Ken- .
tucky. The rights of every elector in the district ¡
would be infringed upon; and if he stood alone, he [
would protest against the House buying terms :
from Mr. Moore, or any other gentleman, for set- !
tling this question.                                                       ,
After some further debate between Messrs. j
ARCHER, POLK, HUBBARD, J. DAVIS, and i
BURGES—
Mr. WATMOTJGH moved an adjournment;
which being negatived,
The question was taken on the resolution of
Mr. Hardin, as modified, and agreed to, without
a division.
Mr. STEWART moved the consideration of
the  9th, 56th, and 76th  rules, excepted in  the I
adoption of the rules of the House.                         '
Mr. WHITTLESEY expressed a hope that |
the subject would not be acted upon until after '
mature consideration.    It is extremely difficult to i
obtain the presence of a majority of a committee I
even of seven.   It often happened that the chair- '
man of a committee could not report because a
majority of the committee could not be brought
together.     The  difficulty would   be  greatly  in-
creased by increasing the number of members of
each committee.    The responsibility would be so
much divided that the committee would not at-
tend to their duties.
Mr. HUBBARD was persuaded, he said, that
some of our important committees should consist
of a greater number than seven. In some com-
mittees every section of the country ought to be
represented; and what was the argument urged
against the measure? Why, that members of this
House would not do their duty.
Mr. WHITTLESEY moved to amend the res-
olution by adding, " and the absence of a major-
ity of each committee shall be reported to the
Hnnoo." ...hich was agreed to                                   ;
Hons
The 56th rule, as amended", was then adopted     !
On motion of Mr. WILDE, it was ordered that '•
when this House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on i
Monday.                                                                       !
On motion of Mr. POLK, it was ordered that ''<
the standing committees be appointed                       I
On motion of Mr. POLK, the House then i
adjourned.                                                                     t
REPORT OF THE SECRETARY OP WAR.
Department of War,    )
November 29i/i, 1833. \
Sir:  In submitting to you, agreeably to your ,
instructions, a report of the operations and ad- !
ministration of this Department for the past year  '
it affords me pleasure to bear my testimony to the j
zeal and ability of the respective officers at the
head of the various bureaus, and of those em-
ployed to aid them in the performance of the
important functions committed to this branch of
the Executive Government.
A reference to the accompanying reports and
documents will show the state of the Army, as
well with relation to its numbers, and their posi-
tion and condition, as to the progress of the various
works intrusted to them, and the collection and
preservation of the necessary materiel for offensive
and defensive operations, which is indispensable
to the safety of the country. The principle, which
governed the reduction of the Army, from a war to
a peace establishment, has been found by subse-
quent experience to be salutary; and its practical
operation has been to form a body of officers equal
in all the requisites of military knowledge and effi-
ciency to those of any other service which is known
to us. The Army is organized, that, should an
increase become necessary, in consequence of those
conflicts of interest and opinion, to which all na-
tions in their intercourse with one another have
been exposed, and from which we have no right
to expect perpetual exemption, any reasonable
addition may be made to it without disturbing its
arrangement; and the professional knowledge and
experience embodied in it will be immediately
felt in the new corps, and will identify them with
those previously in service. The military expe-
rience of other countries, as well as of our own,
has shown that the system of extension by which
new and old troops are incorporated together, is
much better calculated to produce discipline and
subordination, and thus to meet the exigencies of
a service which does not allow large bodies of
troops to be kept up in time of peace, than the
organization of separate corps, composed of inex-
perienced officers and men, with all their military
knowledge to acquire, and all their military habits
to form. And this is more particularly true of the
staff department of an army, upon which its move-
ment, its subsistence, and the economy of its ad-
ministration must principally depend. The sys-
tem established in dur service is equally creditable
to the Army and satisfactory to the Government,
and may be applied to any necessary extent with-
out any diminution of that economy and efficiency
which have heretofore marked its operation.
Much advantage is anticipated from the opera-
tion of the act, passed at the last session of Con-
gress, for improving the condition of the Army.
Already its effects have been felt, as the subjoined
documents will show, in the decrease of desertion,
and in the increase of the business of recruiting.
The addition to the pay of the rank and file, the
reduction of the term of service, and the improved
condition of the non-commissioned officers, prom-
ise important meliorations in'the character of the
Army. This prospect cannot but be interesting
to the Government and the country. Although
the numerical strength of the Army is compara-
tively small, it is yet sufficient to excite public
solicitude; and this must be increased by the con-
sideration that the character of our military estab-
lishment may hereafter essentially depend upon
the measures now taken for its moral and intel-
lectual advancement. Although it were idle, in
the present state of the country, to apprehend any
danger from the force which is employed, still the
lessons of experience taught by the progress of
events m other nations ought not to be neglected,
nor the possibility overlooked that other circum-
stances may lead to the increase of our military
strength, and to the diminution of that wisejeaí-
ousy which is now one of our national character-
ISf"u'i Moral haWtsin the soldiery constitute one
of the best safeguards against the abuse of military
power, and their inculcation has engaged the atten-
tion of this Department during successive periods
ot }ts administration. Amongst other measures
which have been adopted with this view, you have
recently directed the discontinuance of all parades
on bunday, m order that that day may be exclu-
sively devoted to the purposes of instruction and
improvement. Certainly in time of oeace no just
reason can exist for converting a day of rest and
devotion into a day of military parade.
The act for the better defence of the frontiers by
raising a regiment of dragoons, is in the process of
execution. About six hundred men have been en-
listed, and most of the officers appointed,and five
