1833.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19
tary in relation to the removal of the public de-
posites be taken up and considered
Mr G said that the charter of the Bank of the
United States provided for the depos.te of the pub-
lic moneys in that bank and its branches. Xt also
vests in the Secietary of the Tieasury the power
of removing them to othe>- places of deposite when
he may think proper, but it also requires him to
give his reasons for so doing to the next Congress.
The removal of the deposites had taken place, and
the Secretaiy had told us it was by his order, and
he submitted his reasons for doing so When the
charter of t'ie bank authorized a removal of the
public moneys fiom us vaults, it intended and
expected that when the act was done some suffi-
cient reasons should be given for it, and that Con-
gress should look at them, and examine into their
sufficiency Those reasons are now before us,
and we ate to decide whetliei the measuie was a
proper one, according to the Constitution and laws
of the countty, and if there was one question
of public consideration of more importance than
another, it was that which related to the custody
of the public treasure Now was the time to in
quire into the condition of the Treasury. The
present Vice Pi esident had once said that we ought
to inquiie wheie tiiel?st rights of the States were
Now he (Mr C ) wanted to inquire where the
Treasury of the United States was He conceived
it to be his duty as a Senator here to bring this
question up And as we were to judge whether
the Sccreta'-y of the 1 reasury had acted wisely in
this matter, we ought to judge of his íeasons be-
fore the whole Senate, and not refer it to a com-
mittee In oider to do this, he hoped a day not
far distant would be appointed for its considera-
tion. He would therefore propose that the report
of the Secretary be made the order for Monday
next
Mr. BENTON said that the Secretary of the
Tieasury had announced distinctly his reasons for
the removal to be on account of the misconduct of
the Bank of the United States He has charged
the banlt distinctly with interfering with the purity
of elections, with corrupting and subsidizing the
press, with dishonoring its own paper and that of
its branches. Here were charges of great crimi-
nality on the part of the bank, and the question
was whether we ought to go into a trial of the case
here or refer it to some committee m the Senate
The House of Repiesentatives,he contended, was
the proper body before which the subject ought
to be investigated, although he confessed the Sen-
ate could emeitain it He wanted to examine
these charges against the bank, and therefore he
thought the .epoit ought to be referred to a com-
mittee
The postponement was agreed to.
Mi CLAY submitted the following resolution,
which was read and laid on the table
Resolved, That the Pi esident-of the United States
be requested to inform the Senate whether a paper
under date tne-------day of Septembei, 1833, pu-r-
poi ting to have been read by him to the heads of
the several Depaitments, relating to the deposites
of the public money in the Treasury of the United
States, and alleged to have been published by his
authority, be genuine or not, and if it be genuine,
that he be also requested to lay a copy of said
paper before the Senate.
Mr. WEBSTER, on leave given, presented a
bill to provide satisfaction for the claims of ctti
ze'is ot the United States for French spoliations,
which passed to a second reading
Mi WILKINS, on leave given, piesented a
bill for the relief of A G Ralston and Girard
Ralston, which passed to a second reading
Mi KING submitted the following lesolution;
which was read and laid on the table
Resohed, That the Committee on Indian Affairs
be nisti ucted O mq lire into the expediency of au-
thonzing the Pipsident of the United States to
appoi it an agent to íec eive evidence of losses sus-
tained by the inhabitants ot the now State of Ala
burnt by a hostile eruption of a party of Creek
Indians in th- yeai 1814, by which Fort Mms
was (iken, and those who hid fled there for pro-
tection massacred
The Senate then proceeded to the election of a
Chaplain, which íesulted m the choice of the Rev.
Mr. Hatch, on the 6th ballot.   The ballotings
were as follows:
1st.
Mr Post.....13
Mr Pise.....10
Mr. Smith....8
Mr. Hatch____6
Mr. Oir.......1
2d.    3d.   4ifc    5<ft.    &h.
14     16     15    14      11
6       1111
11     11     11      8        6
10     12     12    17      23
0       0       0      0       0
Mr. BENTOti submitted the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to communicate to the Senate any inform-
ation in his power or possession to show that the
Bank of the United States or its branches, at any
time heretofore, have refused or delayed to receive
the notes of any of the branches in payment or
deposite.
The Senate then proceeded to the order of
the day, and resumed the consideration of Mr.
SrrtAGuE's resolution to alter the mode of electing
then standing committees by the Senate, instead
of being, as formerly, appointed by the President
pro tern.
Mr. WHITE (President pro tern ) renewed the
request which he had previously made, to be ex-
cused from voting.
Mr CLAY, believing that the President was
impelled to make this request from ásense of deli-
cacy, and disposed to feel the highest respect for
him and his motives, he presumed the Senate
would not hesitate to agiee to it, and he submit-
ted a motion to that effect.
Mr GRUNDY could not, from a sense of duty,
consent to this motion,and trusted that on further
reflection the President himself would withdraw
it He (Mr G ) was opposed to it, because he
thought the right of voting belonged to the office,
and ought to be exercised by the occupant of the
chair until the rule itself was altered The re-
quest, he knew, had proceeded from a nice sense
of honor on the subject at issue, and he would have
been happy if he could, consistent with his sense
of duty, comply with it If he had asked to be
excused, he saw little if any difference in the re
spective situations of himself and the President if
he was excused In that case, if he (Mr. G )
voted for the motion, he voted to give himself that
increase of power which he voted to take away
from the President, the only difference being that
the President might have it in his power to vote to
retain a greater portion than he could have. There
was another consideration which to him appeared
of some force- the chair was occupied only tem-
porarily, circumstances might arise by the follow-
ing day by which the Vice President appointed by
the Constitution to occupy the chair might arrive;
and in the meantime, by now declining to vote,
or the Senate by agreeing to excuse, a radical
change in the rule of their proceeding, and having
an important influence, might thereby be produced,
which he thought it desuableto avoid. For these
reasons he regietted that he could not comply with
the wishes of the President                                        |
Mr CLAY, in explanation, said that he was
influenced, in acceding to the wishes of the Presi- '
dent to be excused, simply from the consideration
that it appeared that he continued to feel, after due
reflection upon the subject—after the intervention
of a night since the request was first made—the
same delicacy as to voting on this question He
could not see any foice in the grounds upon which
the motion was to be opposed fie denied that
the honorable Senator and the Pi esident were in
the same situation as to the relative power to be
acquired by them under the circumstances, the
relative powei of the honorable Senator being only
in the propoition of forty one to one, whilst on
the other side it was a question whethei the Dower
would devolvealtogether upon one man He was |
always disposed to applaud the motives by which
it appeared the honoi able Pi evident was actuated.
He, it appealed, w<s not disposed to retain power
in the present instance With íespect to the sug-
gestion that the Vice Pi est lent shou d amveon
the monow, he would say he regretted his ab-
sence, for if he had been here, as he ought to have
been, at the post assigned him by the Constitution,
the Senate would have been saved the necessity of
the present motion, as it would then follow, as
matter of course, that the former practice of elect-
ing committees by ballot would of right devolve
upon them. He repeated, that he was only influ-
enced by motives of delicacy and respect towards
the high-minded gentleman whp occupied the chair
in submitting the motion in accordance with his
wishes, and he would willingly withdraw it, but
could not do so until he had an intimation to that
effect from him
Mr GRUNDY said, when the Vice President
would arrive here he was not informed. He
would say, however, what he knew on the sub-
ject, and that was, that for the last three or four
sessions the Vice President never had arrived m
the Senate until the Presiding Officer had ap-
pointed the committees He did not argue upon
the propriety or impropriety of his absence, but
he would say that his piedecessors had acted in the
same way It might be wrong, but if that gen-
tleman had acted in conformity to practice and
usages of his predecessors, which had not been
objected to, why ought it now to be complained
of As to avoiding or assuming responsibility,
he viewed that matter in this way: when it was
the duty of an officer to act, let him act. lie ob-
jected to the Presiding Officer being excused from
voting on this question, because he could not con-
sent that the State of Tennessee should have but
one voice m determining it.
Mr. CALHOUN said that, as allusions had been
made to himself, he felt compelled to make a re-
mark, although he had intended not to have taken
part m the discussion. He never knew that there
was an understanding that the Vice President
should absent himself to enable the Pi esidmg Offi-
cer to appoint the committees. He trusted that
no gentleman would charge him with having ab-
sented himself at the commencement of the ses-
sion to avoid the responsibility of appointing the
committees His absence had been solely caused
by domestic affliction, or some other unavoidable
cause He never had absented himself on that
account He concuned with the gentleman from
Mississippi (Mr. Poindexter] that appointments
should be made by the Senate itself
Mr WHITE, thePresidingOfficer,begged leave
of the Senate to make a few remarks (Leave was
granted) Mr. W then said that he felt very del-
icately situated on this subject. If he voted agamst
the proposition, it might be supposed he acted on
the principle that power is never so well exercised
as when it is in our own hands. If he voted to
take the power away from the Presiding Officer, he
might be charged with having been governed by
the principle that he dreaded the responsibility.
There was no duty more unpleasant than the ap-
pointment of the standing committees, and he
thought no one had so performed that duty as to
give entire satisfaction to. every member pf the
Senate, and it was difficult, if not impossible, for
any gentleman to perform it with satisfaction to
himself If it was the "pleasure of the Senate to
excuse him it would give him pleasure, but if he
were compelled to vote, he should do so to the best
of his jujgmen', an¿ accoiding to the dictates of
his own conscience.
On the question excusing Mr White from
voting, Mr GRUNDY called for a division, when
there were, yeas 21, nays 19
Mr FORSYTH said that the manner in which
the committees were constituted was a matter of
perfec' indifference to him But, from the manner
in which the conduct of a distinguished gentleman,
(the Vice Piesident,) then absent, had been treat-
ed, he felt bound to make a few remarks in his
defence. He had always understoou that the rule
was an invitation to the Vice President to absent
himself so as to give the Senate an opportunity of
appointing us committees by one of its own mem-
beis As to the absence of the Vice President, he
knew that that gentleman remained away from
respect to the rule, from íespect to himself, and
from respect to the members of the Senate He
knew well, fiom the known character of the gen-
tleman whose conduct is here impeached, as well
as from his past his*ory, that he never shrunk
f-om any duty which the station to which he had
been called imposed upon him. Committees were
appointed to collect facts and to state them fairly;
they were not to oe understood as expiessmg the
voice of the Senate We speak by our laws and
resolutions God foibid that we should speak by
oui committees, which very frequently report and
say very strange things    The object of commit-
