22
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 11,
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing message:
Washington, December 11, 1833.
To the Home of Representatives:
I transmit herewith a report from the Secretary
of the Treasury, exhibiting certain transfers of
appropriations that have been made in that De-
partment m pursuance of the power vested in the
President by the first section of the act of Con-
gress of the 3d of March, 1809, entitled " An act
lurther to amend the several acts for the estab-
lishment and regulation of the Tieasury, War,
and Navy Departments "
ANDREW JACKSON.
Which message, on motion of Mr POLK, was
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the annual report from the Comptroller of the
Treasury, a statement of the unsettled balances
and accounts for the last three years, and a re-
port in  relation  to ---------- Moore,  which weie
severally laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
The House then, on motion of Mr CLAY,
suspended the rule, and went into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union
Mr. J. O, ADAMS was nominated to the Chair.
Mr. CLAY said, as the subject of the Piesi-
dent'a message was undoubtedly familiar to the
members, he, in moving that the committee should
proceed to the consideration of the message, wou Id
also move that the reading of it should be dis-
pensed with.
The motion to consider having been agreed to,
Mr. C. submitted the following resolutions
1    Resolved, That so much of the President's
message as relates to the political relations of the
United States with foreign nations, and as recom-
mends a "levision of our consular system," be
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs
2   Resolved, That so much of said message as
relates to the state of the finances, the public debt,
revenue, and the Bank of the United States, be
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
3    Resolved, That so much of said message as
relates to the commerce of the United States with
foreign nationsand their dependencies, be refeued
to the Committee on Commerce
4    Resolved, That so much of said message as
relates to the report of the Secretary of War, and
the public interest intrusted to the War Depait
ment, be referred to the Committee on Mihtarv
Affaiis
5    Resolved, That so much of said message as
relates to the report of the Secretary of the Navy
and the naval service, be reierred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs
6   Resolved, That so much of said message as
jelates to the Post Office Department and the re-
port of the Postmaster General, be referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
7    Resolved, That so much of said message as
relates to the Indian tribes and to their removal
beyond the limits of the States, b« referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs                                     '
8.   Resolved, That so much of said message as I
relates to " amending the Constitution in. relation '
to the mode of electing the President and Vice
President of the United States," the removal of
" every intermediate agency in the election of these
officers," and to limiting their eligibility to "one
term, of either four or six years," be íeferred to a
select committee.                                                         '
9.   Resolved, That so much of said message as
relates to "accidents which have occurred in that
portion of our navigation carried on by the use of
steam power," and lessening or reiroving those
evils "by means of precautionary and penal legis- 1
lation," be referred to a select committee                 |
10.  Resolved That so much of said message as '
relates to " the destruction of the public building
occupied by the Treasury Department," and the
erection of another building for that purpose, be
referred to the Committee on the Public Accounts
and Expendituies which relate to the public build-
ings
Mr WJLDE expressed h s desire that any ac-
tion on one of the resolutions—that in reference to
the proposition to amend the Constitution of the
United States—should, for the present, be deferred.
He would briefly state his leasons lor desning
this postponement it was well known that vari-
ous piopositions and amendments had been sug
gested, both in the seveial States and on the floor
of that House, none of which had as yet found
favor, so as to satisfy the scruples of those who
deemed the propositions unconstitutional oi other-
wise, yet in the course he was about to suggest,
although he did not expect himself to be able to
satisfy all parties, he entertained the conviction
that there was not at presert any other means left
to dispose of a question which, more than any
other, would tend to promote the harmony and to
increase the prosperity of the Union It was his
intention, if the honorable mover of the resolutions
I would defei for the present the part to which be
had reference—after a conference which might be
had with members in the House of the various
political parties, and from various sections of the
country, who would possess the advantage of
longei experience and of more influence than he
cou'd possibly pretend to—to move that a com-
mittee should be raised for the special purpose
of inquiring what amendments to the Constitution
should be recommended to the seveial States If,
in taking this couise,he should not get encoui-
agement that would justify him in going on with
it, he would not press it further, and he wished
the delay to enable him to have the matter tested
Mr CLAY said he would íeadily comply with
the request of the gentleman if it was consistent
with his own notions of propriety to do so But
it should be recollected that the proposition an-
nounced by the honorable member was one involv-
ing a most important topic. In submitting his
(¡Vil C 's) tesolutions embracing all the points
comprised m the President's message, he had fol-
lowed the course that was usually taken; and as
regarded any amendment which the honorable
member from Georgia might wish to make, he did
not think that the course which he had taken
could, m the slightest degree, interfere with his
views The usual course was to refer the matter in
the message to the usual committees, and he could ]
not consent to depart from it, and it would as well I
suit the honorable member's purpose to move his i
amendment hereafter as a distinct proposition        I
Mr ARCHER begged to remind the honorable
membei fiom Georgia of what must have escaped l
his recollection, that a committee had been raised
foi the same purpose during the last session, and
of which he had the honor to be a membei.    He i
could do that committee the jjstice to state that
no persons could evince more anxious desire than '
they did to fulfill the public expectation, but they
found it impossible to come to anything l,ke una-
nimity upon it, and, with the knowledge of this
ie«ul', he would say the only effect of the honor-
able membei's now going into such a committee '
would be to embanass othei  proceedings    He .
therefore prayed thehonoiable member to take the
course Suggested
Mr  WILDE replied, (butm so low a tone as
to be almost inaudible    Theiepoiter understood
him to say,) that it wa3 with regiet he learned that '
there was no hope of settling th's all-important I
subject, and that it was, at all events, his desne >
that his constituents should know the fact that I
there was no such thing as even a piospect of1
having any amendments made to the Constitution
—a matter upon which, as connected with other '
subjects, he cuuld take upon himself to say that
they felt *he most intense anxiety.                            .
Mi WAYNE hoped to get credit, as a Repre- <
sentativefiom Georgia,of also knowing something
of tne bentiments of his constituents    lie thought
it wa  rather prematuie, not having any exprés   |
sion from theState Legislature or from the people
on the sul ject, to suppose there was so much anx- S
lety felt by them; and it would be ceitamly,m nis i
opinion, moie becoming to them  that such an
expression of their will should come from them-
selves than it should be presumed to exist by any I
of her representatives     He thought that if the !
honorable member fiom Alabama should consent I
to defer his resolution, and that the course sug- '
gested by his colleague should be sgieed to, the
certain effect wou'd be to burden the committee
with so much business that there could not be any
action on the message in conformity to the public
desire     He thought, therefore, that it would be
better to go on with the usual reference, and for
Ins colleague to make a distinct proposition on
such points as he deemed expedient, howeier
anxious he was to hear them hereafter, he would
disclaim on the part of their common constituents
that they now had any desne they should beaded
on, or have the important objects contained in the
message retarded
The CHAIRMAN inquired if the honorable
member fiom Geoigia íequired that the question
on the resolution should be taken on the part in
discussion separate from the other part'
Mi. WILDE responded in the affirmative, and
expressed his regret that his colleague should have
thought it necessary to make a disclaimer that the
people of Georgia did not feel anxiety on this sub-
ject—claiming, with all due respect for him, to
have some knowledge of then sentiments. Did he
not i eeollect that the Legislature had made more
than oue proposition to amend the Constitution>
His intention was to consider what amendments
might be made to it, and in doing so, he meant to
include all the propositions that the people or the
States had at various times proposed. He had no
wish to emtari ass the other business, and thought
no embarrassment could arise from his proposition
to defer, for a short time, a resolution on a subject
which had no immediate urgency—which had slept
for four years, and which, if it had taken even a
longer n tp, there would not have been any very
serious injury incurred. He asserted that there
was throughout the Union—in the North as well as
the South—much anxiety felt that some amend-
ments should be made to the Constitution, that
this anxiety not only embraced the subject of the
presidential election, but it extended to other im-
portant questions, affecting the bank and the cur-
rency of the country, the public lands, the tariff,
and other topics which he would not enlarge upon,
not desiring to prolong what appeared an unprofit-
able discussion. He would now move that the
question on the resolution as to the election of
President be taken separately.
Mr WAYNE did not intend to intimate that
his colleague has not as good a right to speak for
the people of Georgia as himself, but he insisted
that the people of Georgia, so far as he knew their
opinion, were opposed to the agitation of any
question which would disturb the harmony which
prevailed
Ml WILDE said, with respect to every thing-
being harmonious and tranquil, he would remind
his colleague that at a large meeting in Georgia
the present tanff was denounced and its further
modification call d for That meeting was so com-
posed that his colleague would notdoubtthatitrep-
resented the sentiments of the people of Georgia.
Weened peace, peace, when there was no peace.
Tt was not all haimony and peace Of the condi-
tion of this " rising empire but falling republic,"
as it had once been called, he had taken a wide
view, and he had come to the opinion that it waa
possible to adopt some amendments to the Consti-
tution, if thegreat parties in the nation would lend
themselves to the work, in the spirit of peace and
patriotism. The great question of restrict! ve con-
struction, or liberal construction, might still be left
open, and it necessarily must be; but the danger-
ous questions of the bank, the tariff, internal im-
provement, and other disputed powers, might be
settled at once and forever It was urged against
his proposition that by blending so many topics
in the same proposit'on the whole would be lost.
But he thought that, by presenting at once what
concerned diffeient parts of thecountry, a compro-
mise of prejudices and mteiests might be effected.
He would compromise anything but principle.
Mr GILMER reminded his colleague to the
right [Mr Wayne] that the amendment to the
Constitution proposed by the Piesident had been
expressly rejected by the Legislature of Georgia.
He also contended that the people of Georgia were
deeply interested in the settlement, by some com-
promise, of the questions which had so long agi-
tated the country As to the tariff, was it not
exceedingly important, was it not necessary to the
safety of the Union, that the Constitution should
be definite on that subject' It is necessary, in
order to save the country from continual agitation
and excitement, to settle the great questions rela-
tive to the bank, the tariff, and internal improve-
ments    The subject to which his colleague re-
