26
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 18,
Beale, Beatty, James M Bell, Bmney, Bouldm,
Bnggs, Bullard, Bull, Buid, Burges, Cage, Car-
rmchael, Chambers, Chilton, Choa'e, Claiborne,
Clark, Clay ton, Clowney,Corwm, Coulter, Crane,
Crockett, Dculmgton, John Davis, Warren R Da-
vis, Amos Davis, Davenport, Deberry, Demtng,
Denny, Dennis, Dickson, Duncan, Ellsworth,
Evans, Edward Everett, Horace Everett, Ewmg,
Felder, Fillmore, Foot, Foster, Fowler, Piulo C.
FulIer,Fulton,Gamble,Gholson, Gilmer, Goidon,
Gorham,Grayson,Grennell,Griffin, Hiland Hall,
Hard, Ilardm, James Harper, Hazletine, Heath,
Hiester, Jabez W. Huntington, Wm Cost John-
son, Seaborn Jones, Lay, Lee, Lewis, Love, Mar-
tmdale, Marshall, Mason, McKennan, Mercer,
Milligan, Patton, Pinckney, Potts, Reed, Seiden,
Shepard, Shepperd, William Slade, Sloane, Span-
gler, Stewart, Taylor, Philemon Thomas, Tomp-
kins, Tweedy, Vance, Vinton, Watmough, Fred-
erick Whittlesey, EUsha Whittlesey, Wilde, Wil-
liams, Wilson, Young—107.
NAYS—John Adams, Heman Allen, John J.
Allen, William Allen, Anthony, Baylies, Bean,
Beardsley, Beaumont, John Bell, James Blair,
John Blair, Bockee, Bodle.Boon, Brown, Bunch,
Burns, Bynum, Cambreleng, Carr, Casey, Cha-
ney, Chinn, Samuel Clark, Clay, Conner, Cramer,
Day, Dickerson, Dickinson, Dunlap, Forester,
Wm. K. Fuller, Galbraith, Gillet, Joseph Hall,
Thomas H Hall, Halsey, Hamer, Hannegan,
Joseph M. Harper, Harrison, Hathaway, Haw-
kins, Hawes, Henderson, Howell, Hubbard, Abel
Huntington, Inge, Jarvis, Noadiah Johnson, Cave
Johnson, Benjamin Jones, Edward Kavanagh,
King, Kinnard, Lane, Lansing, Laporte, Law-
rence, Lea, Leavitt, Loyall, Lucas, Lyon, Lytle,
Abijah Mann, Joel K. Mann, Mardis, McCo-
mas, Mclntue, McKay, McKim, McKinley, Mc-
Lene, McVean, Miller, Robeit Mitchell, Moore,
Muhlenberg,Murphy, Osgood,Page, Parks, Par-
ker, Patterson, Pearce, Peyton, Pierce, Pierson,
Polk, Pope, Ramsay, Rencher, Schenck, Schley,
Shinn, Charles Slade, Smith, Speight, Standifei,
Btoddert, Sutherland, William Taylor, Francis
Thomas, Thomson, Turner, Turrill, Vanderpoel,
Van Houten, Wagener, Ward, Wardwell, Web-
ster, Whallon, Campbell P. White, and Wise—
119.    *
Mr. POLK withdrew his call for the yeas and
nays on that part of the motion that the memo-
rial be printed-, but the call was renewed by Mr.
DAVENPORT, and the question having been
ordered to be taken by yeas and nays, was de-
cided lit the affirmative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. John ft. Adams, John Adams, '
Heman Allen, John J. Allen, Chilton Allan, Wm.
Allen, Anthony, Archer, Ashley, Banks, Barber,
Barnitz, Barnnger, Bates, Baylies, Beale, Bean,
Beardsley, Beatty, John Bell, James M. Bell,
Bmney, James Blair, John Blair, Bockee, Bodle,
Boon, Bouldm, Bnggs, Brown, Bullard, Bull,
Bunch, Burd, Burges, Burns, Bynum, Ca e,
Cambreleng, Carmichael, Carr, Casey, Chambers,
Chaney, Chilton, Chmn, Choate, Claiborne,
Samuel Clark, William Clark, C. C. Clay, Clay-
ton, Clowney, Coffee, Connor, Coulter, Cramer,
Crane, Crockett, Darlington, John Davis, Amos
Davis, Davenport, Day, Deberry, Demmg, Den-
ny, Dermis, Dickson, Dickerson, Dickinson,
Duncan, Ellsworth, Evans, Edward Everett,
Horace Everett, Ewmg, Felder, Fillmore, Foot,
Forester, Foster, Fowler, Piulo C. Fuller, Wil-
liam K Fuller, Fulton, Galbraith, Gamble, Ghol-
son, Gillet, Gilmer, Gordon, Gorham, Graham,
Grayson, Grennell, Griffin, Hiland Hall, Thomas
H. Hall, Halsey, Hamer, Hannegan, Hard, Har-
din, Joseph M. Harper, James Harper, Harrison,
Hathaway Hawes, Hazletine, Heath, Hiester,
Henderson, Howell, Hubbard, Jabez W. Hunt-
ington, Abel Huntington, Inge, Jarvis, William
C. Johnson, Richard M Johnson, Noadiah John-
son, Cave Johnson, Seaborn Jones, Benjamin
Jones, Kavanagh, King, Kinnard, Lane, Lansing,
Laporte, Lawrence, Lay, Lea, Leavitt, Lee, Lew-
is, Love, Loyall, Lucas, Lyon, Lytle, Abnah
Mann,JoelK Mann, Manmdale, Marshall, Mar-
dis, Mason, MeCarty, McComas, McDuffie,Mc-
Litire, McKay, McKennan, McKim, McKinley,
McLene, McVean, Mercer, Miller, Milligan, R.
Mitchell, Moore, Muhlenbeig, Murphy, Osgood,
Page, Parks, Parker, Patton, Patterson, Pearce,
Peyton, Pieice, Pieison, Pinokney, Polk, Pops,
Potts, Ramsay, Reed, Rencher, Schenck, Schley,
Seiden, Shepaid, Shepperd, Shinn, William Slade,
Charles Slade, Sloane, Smith, Sppnjler, Speight,
Standifer, Stewait,Stoddert, Sutherland, Wnliam
Taylor, William P Taylor, Francis Thomas,
Philemon Thomas, Thomson, Tompkins, Tui ner,
Turril!, Tweedy, Vanderpoel, Van Houten, Vin-
ton, Wagener, Ward, Wardwell, Watmough,
Wayne, Webster, Whallon, Ctmpbell P. White,
Ehsha Whittlesej, Wilde, Williams, Wilson,
Wise, and Young—224.
NAYS—Messrs Dunlap, Joseph Hall, Haw-
kins, and Vance—4.
The question, that the memorial should be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, was then decided in the negative, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. J. Q, Adams, Heman Allen,
Chilton Allan, Ashley, Banks, Baiber, Barnitz,
Barnnger, Bate1?, Beatty, James M Bell, Bmney,
Bouldm, Bnggs, Bullard, Bull, Burd, Burges,
Cage, Chambers, Chilton, Choate, William Clark,
Clayton, Clowney, Corwm, Coulter, Crane,
Crockett, Darlington, John Davis, Amos Davis,
Davenport, Deberry, Demtng, Denny, Dennis,
Dickson, Duncan, Ellsworth, Evans, Edward
Everett, Horace Everett, Felder, Fillmore, Foot,
Foster, Philo C Fuller, Gamble, Gilmer, Gordon,
Gorham, Grayson, Grennell, Griffin, Hiland
Hall, Hard, Hardin, James Harper, Hazeltine,
Hiester, Jabez W.Huntington, William C John-
son, Seaborn Jones, Lay, Lewis, Love, Martin-
dale, Marshall, McDuffie, McKennan, Mercer,
Milligan, Moore, Pinckney, Potts, Reed, Rencher,
Seiden, William B. Shepard, William Slade,
Sloane, Spangler, Stewart, Philemon Thomas,
Tompkins, Tweedy, Vance, Vinton, Watmough,
Frederick Whittlesey, Elisha Whittlesey, Wilde,
Williams, Wilson, and Young—96.
NAYS—Messrs. John Adams, John J. Allan,
William Allen, Anthony, Archer, Baylies, Beale,
Bean, Beardsley, Beaumont, John Bell, James
Blair, John Blair, Bockee, Bodle, Boon, Brown,
Bunch, Burns, Bynum, Cambreleng, Carmichael,
Carr, Casey, Chaney, Chinn, Claiborne, Samuel
Clark, Clay, Coffee, Connor, Cramer, Day, Dick-
erson, Dickinson, Dunlap, Ewing, Forester, Fow-
ler, William K. Fuller, Fulton, Galbraith, Ghol-
son, Gillet, Joseph Hall, Thomas H. Hall, Nicoll
Halsey, Hamer, Hannegan, Joseph M. Harper,
Harrison, Hathaway, Hawkins, Hawes, Heath,
Henderson, Howell, Hubbard, Abel Huntington,
Inge, Jarvis, Richard M. Johnson, Noadiah John-
son, Cave Johnson, Benjamin Jones, Kavanagh,
King,  Kinnard, Lane, Lansing, Laporte, Law-
rence, Luke Lea, Leavitt, Thomas Lee, Loyall,
Lucas, Lyon, Lytle, Abijah Mann, Joel K Mann,
Mardis, Mason, MeCarty, McComas, Mclntire,
McKay, McKim, McKinley, McLene, McVean,
Miller, Robert Mitchell, Muhlenberg, Murphy,
Osgood, Page, Parks, Parker, Patton, Patterson,
Dutee J. Pearce, Peyton, Franklin Pierce, Pier-
son, Polk, Pope, Ramsay, Schenck, Schley, Au-
gustus H. Shepperd,Shinn,Charles Slade, Smith,
Speight, Standifer, Stoddert, Sutherland, Wilham
Taylor, William P Taylor, Thomson, Turner,
Turrill,   Vanderpoel, Van   Houten,   Wagener,
Ward, Wardwell, Wayne, Webster, Whallon,
Campbell P. White, and Wise—133
The memorial was then referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means without a division.
On motion of Mi WARD, the House agreed,
when they would adjourn, to adjourn until Mon-
day.
Mr C. P. WHITE, with consent of the House,
submitted the following resolution, which was
read, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
making an appropriation to construct and equip
two small vessels of war, to be rigged either as
brigs or schooners, under the direction of the
Navy Department, to supply the places of the
Porpoise and Dolphin, and that said committee
be authorized to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported a bill in favor of certain
peisons therein named, which was read twice, and
referred to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. McINTIRE, from the sime committee, '
reported a bill for the relief of Joseph M. Harper
and others.
Mr CAVE JOHNSON, from the Committee
on Piivaie Land Claims, reported a bill for tne
relief of Abraham Forbes
Mr CAR.R, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of John Bills.
All which bills were lead and committed
And, on motion of Mr. GRENNELL, the
House adjourned.
REPORT OF THE SECRETARY OF THE
NAVY.
Navi Defartmem,          )
Mienibtr 30tft, 1833    \
To the President of the United States:
Sir In submitting to your consideration a re-
view of the operations of the naval branch of the
public service during the past year, I would first
invite attention to its administration in this place.
The sepaiate organization of the Navy Depart-
ment, in the manner originally established by Con-
gress, and the change since made by the addition
of a Navy Board, have, with the several clerks now
allowed, furnished a sufficient number of persons
for the suitable discharge of all ordinary duties
immediately connected with this office. So far as
my knowledge extends, those duties have gener-
ally been performed with promptitude and accu-
racy. But some changes in the present laws
respecting them would probably prove beneficial.
Though the number of clerks, and the aggregate
amount of salary paid to them are deemed suffi-
cient, yet more substantial justice could be en-
forced, if that amount was so appropriated as to
permit the Department to divide it in conformity
to the usefulness of their respective services. It
has happened that some of them, receiving large
salaries, perform no greater or more difficult duties
than those receiving less pay; and no power exists
here to equalize their compensation, except by an
occasional transfer of duties not always conve-
nient, appropriate, or useful.
A different arrangement of the Navy Board has,
for a few yeais, been a subject ot consideration by
Congress. The Board itself, and the head of this
Department, once united in recommending such a
change as to apportion its ordinary business among
the several members with a view to greater con-
venience, despatch, and responsibility. This could
be accomplished without any material increase of
expense; and it seems.on many accounts very
desirable. The reasons for the change have been
so fully detailed in former reports as not to need
at this time further explanation.
Theremightbesomeuseful alterations connected
with the administration of the naval branch of the
service in the office of the Fourth Auditor, whose
duties, though nominally belonging to the Treas-
ury Department, are intimately allied with, and
very essential in most of, the orations of the
Navy. The great amount of pro, erty which is
in charge of this Department, and which is yearly
increasing, seems to require that a regular account
of it should be opened in that office, and kept m
such manner as to insure safety and responsibility.
In another particular improvement could be made.
1 he old balances on his books, due from default-
ers who were once in the naval service, aie large;
and though few such balances have occurred lately,
yet the collection of all of them would doubtless
be promoted if it were devolved upon him, as the
person who, from his official station, is best ac-
quainted with the situation of the claims, and the
means of payment possessed by the debtors, and
who could act with the most promptitude in
securing the public.
Auxiliary to the#central administration of the
naval service the inspection of our ordnance was,
a few years since, assigned to an officer of rank
residing in this neighborhood, and authorized to
receive the usual extra allowances while engaged
m actual duty. His employment during the past
season has been much extended, having embraced
the inspection of all our ordnance and ordnance
stores in depot of all the naval stations The
result, it is hoped, may prove highly beneficial in
our future operations. Under a similar arrange-
ment, the custody and correction, as well as occa-
