38
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 17,
district agricultural, commercial, and deeply inter-
ested in manufactures—and (said Mr. V ) I only
echo the sentiments of my constituents in the
avowal that the removal ot tne public deposites
trom the Banii of the United States was loudly i
called for by the best interests of the country.        i
It must (said Mr. V ) be conceded that the dis-
position which the adversaries of the motion to i
reconsider propose to make of the document in
question would be a departure fiom the ordinary
usage of the House, that never has been custom-
ary, and must, from the nature and fitness of
things, be customary, to íefer papers of this de- i
scnption to the Committee of Ways and Means.
And on what ground is this departure from pre
cedent and  principle attempted to be justified'
Oh, say gentlemen, expedition, immediate action
is everything in this matter    They tell us that
the subjection of this report to the ordinary rou-
tine of legislation would scatter bankruptcy and 4
distress, if not desolation, through your commet-
cial cities.   Indeed1   Whence do gentlemen de- '
rive this argument'   Is it from the report of the |
Secretary, which is said to be so all-sufficient for I
immediate action, and beyond which they object
to go'   No, sir, I have not read it there, and the j
enemies  to a   leconsideration   feel   themselves,
therefoie, compelled to go beyond the report in I
quest of an apology for the unprecedented course
for which they are contending.
But (said Mr. V ) is it indeed true that the
commercial distress íesulting from the removal of j
the deposites is so great as to justify the precipi- i
tancy in proceeding which is now asked for ' Is |
it true that Pandora's box was opened upon this j
devoted countiy when the fiat of the Secretary of ¡|
the Tieasury to íemove the puLhcdeposites went i
forth ' Not so, sir, according to the statements j
of a document the truth of which gentlemen pro- 1
pose to admit by going immediately mto Com-
mittee of the Whole—I mean the report of the I
Secietary of the Treasuiy.
This very able and timmphant document as-
signs other reasons for the commercial distress '
which has been depicted to us in such frightful
colors.   It tells us that m two short months im-
mediately before the removal of the deposites, the
Bank of the United States reduced its loans up-
wards of six millions of dollars , that this enor- I
mous amount was in so short a time withdrawn i
from  the  business  of the country; that it had '
shortly befoie the presidential election increased |
its loans to an unprecedented amount, for pui- ,
posea which none can misunderstand; that the |
Government deposites were accumulating in the
bank, and instead of loaning them, or discounting
on the strength of them, as it had been accus-
tomed to do, it was, aftei having thus stretched
itself to its utmost tension, withholding its usual
accommodations from the public, and thus pro-
ducing great embarrassment and distiess m youi
commercial «ties; and the Secretary of the Tieas-
ury, m this same document, tells us, that the alle-
viation of this distress, thus occasioned by the j
sudden contraction of the bank, was one great '
object m ordering a removal of the deposites.          ,
Sir, (said Mr. V.,) I may be permitted to go a
step further on tins point.   I have the same right
hat other gentlemen exercise, to speculate and 1
conjecture as to the causes which have produced I
the great dearth of money which has here been so
much   deplored.    1 might suppose  that  the de-
mand for money was much increased by reason '
of the new adjustment of your tariff, that all your 11
••woolens now pay cash duties, that the old bonds
to  Government are now falling due; and that
nearly two years of imposts are now paid in one' l|
This, no doubt, has contributed much  to the
scarcity in the money maiket which is now said '|
to prevail.                                                                              i I
Whence, sir, comes this astounding cry about
the public distress ' Does it not proceed from the
friends o£ the bank, and do they not sound the
tocsin of alarm louder than the actual state of
things wanants' The gteat mass of the people,
sir, are prosperous and happy beyond all example,
the fruit of the husbandman is abundant, and
commands most liberal prices, lands are rapidly
appreciating, and your people are everywheie
making the most rapid strides m enterprise and
prospenty. There may, indeed, be a pressure in
the money market in your cities; but, sir, have
there not always been fluctuations there' Yes,
sir, they are the inevitable results of improvident
overtrading and mad speculation—the tide of the
ocean ebbs and flows not more certainly than does
the active capital of youi commercial cities. An
unprecedented inundation has lately taken place,
as the Secretary of the Tieasury tells you, and if
a little sickness and distiess are occasioned by the
too sudden evaporation of the unnatural waters,
we should take consolation from the prospect that
the deleterious fountain from which they flowed
I is soon to be dried up, rather than dole out our
lamentations about a little partial and temporary
distiess.
But it is said that the suspense which now oc-
cupies the public mind contributes laigely to that
distress, that the depository banks daie not dis-
count upon the Government deposites, because
they are fearful that the deposites will again be
taken from them.
Of the actual existence of such suspense (said
Mr. V.) I know nothing; but what has transpired
to justify it' What has occurred to induce the
belief that the public deposites will be removed
by this Congress' What cause is there to alarm
the depository banks' Is it to be found m the
vote of last T hurs'day in relation to the memorial
of the Government directors' Is it to be found in
the inconstancy and irresolution of the Secretary
of the Tieasuiy, or of that distinguished patriot
who presides over the Executive Department of
this Government' No, no, sir. The history of
the past is enough to admonish thewoild not to
found any hopesupon the fickleness and instability
of those public functional íes who have ordeied
the removal of the deposites, with the sagacity to
see plainly the path of duty, they unite the energy
to follow it.
The necessity of committing the report in ques-
tion to the Committee of Ways and Mean1* is de-
monstrated by the strange incongruities in which
gentlemen who oppose the motion to reconsider
involve themselves We were told "by an eminent
gentleman from Pennsylvania, a few days ago,
[Mr. Binney,] whose very ingenious remarks I
listened to with great interest, that a reference of
this report to a Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union would, in effect, and foi the
pui pose of discussion^n Committee of the Whole,
be an admission of the troth of the facts set forth
in the report,and the gentleman resorted to certain
legal analogies to illustrate the view he took of the
question. He told us that we were a court of re-
view, called upon to revise the act of the Secretary
of the Treasuiy, that his report was his award,
and that, as an appellate tribunal, we could not
look beyond the tepoit, that it embodied all the facts
and reasons of the Secretary, and that the report
must stand or fall by itself, and that nothing ex-
trinsic could be íeceived, and yet, strange as it
may seem, he tells us almost in the same breath
that the public deposites are unsafe in the State
banks' Whence does he derive this fact' Fiom
the reportof the Secretaty' No, sir Hetravels
out of the record to suppoi t his case This pi oves
the necessity of refeirmg the subject to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, who have power to
inquire into this all-impoitant question, whether
the public deposites are safe. The Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union have no
means of shedding any new light upon this all-im-
poitant point. The question of the security or
insecurity of your public tieasure is one of vital
interest to this nation, and should be referred to a
committee that can make the necessary inquiry.
Gentlemen tell us that they are willm , for the
purpose of bringing the matter immediately be-
foie the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, to admit the factsset forth in the report;
or, in other words, they seem to demur to the
report of the Secretary. I deny, sir, that any
gentleman has a right to put m a demurrer that
shall conclude the House. We may not be dis-
posed to be very skeptical in relation to the facts
and deductions of the Secretary of the Treasury,
and yet we may and should be disposed, from a
spirit of justice to the bank, to refei this matter to
a committee to examine and report whether the
Secretary had not misconceived or given undue
weight to facts, and I deny that gentlemen Lave a
right to make any admission that shall supersede
this further investigation. While,on the one hand,
I would not sanction the relaxation of those over-
indulgent prosecutors, who have heretofoie filed
their bills of indictment agtmst the bank; so, on
theothei, I would not be too ready to try and
condemn it upon the admissions of those who have
undertaken its defence. I shall vote for a recon-
sideration, to the end that the subject may be
referred to the appropriate committee
Mr. McDUFFIE said the invariable rule of all
legislative bodies was to settle gieat principles in
the Committee of the Whole, and then to settle
questions of detail in the standing committees.
1'his was the parliamentary rule Our course,
should be, first, to ascertain whether we have the
right to violate the stipulations of the charter;
and second, whether the Piesident, on speculative
conjeciuies as to the interference of the bank in
elections, can direct the Secietaiyof the Treasury
to remove the deposites When these questions
aie settled the House can direct any committee to
reporta bill n conformity with its decisions. The
public mind would thus be quieted He besought
the Hoube rot to permit the great interests of the
community to be sacrificed while we carried on
these petty disputes. It might be sport to us, but
to the community it was death Any man who, to
serve any party purpose, shall keep back this ques-
tion from a decision—but there is no such member
here—deserves the execiation of the community.
There was no reason to go before a standing com-
mittee, unless for the purpose of obtaining another
repoi t in favor of the President's course. Had
not the President given reasons, sufficiently ample
and at length for his course' Had not the Sec-
retaiy of the Treasury taken time and pains
enough to report his reasons for an act which he
did two months before the commencement of the
session' If the House went into the Committee
of the Whole on the subject he would introduce
resolutions for the action of the House upon it.
Mr. SUTHERLAND said he had voted twice
for the pi evious question, and again he should vote
for it when he had an opportunity. He belonged
to that class of Repiesentatives who were more
anxious for the settlement of this question than
of any other question. His constituents were
deeply interested in an immediate decision of the
question. But he thought the most speedy way
of obtaining a decision was to refer the subject to
the Committee of Ways and Means. If we went
into the discussion m the Committee of the Whole
we should never reach a decision The- Commit-
tee of Ways and Means would immediately give
us a íesolution, upon which our action would be
definite and speedy. There must be an issue made
up, and upon what issue would the House sooner
act than upon one presented in a regular form from
a standing committee' In the Committee of the
Whole we should have a dozen projects—one
from the gentleman from South Carolina, others
from many members. He hoped the question of
reference would be settled this day. If the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means did not piesent a
speedy report, he pledged himself to call upon
them for the report. Action, action, was what he
demanded
Mr FOOT said that the House could act upon
the resolutions proposed to be submitted by the
gentleman from South Carolina as well as upon
the issue which may be presented by the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means. To avoid a discussion
on the subject was impossible,and the sooner we
went into it the sooner we should arrive at a re-
sult. He referred to the rules of the House to
show that the usage was to refer certain subjects
to the Committee of the Whole, and contended
thit this was a subject which should take that
direction
Mr JONES, of Georgia, did not agree with the
gentleman from Smth Carolina, that the reasons
given by the Secretary of the Treasury for the
removal of the deposites were insufficient, but he
had made up his mind that the proper place for the
discussion of the subject was in the Committee of
the Whole. He had twice voted against the pre-
vious question, and again he should vote against it.
He was m favor of free and full discussion of
every question of public importance. The discus:
sion of this question was due to all those who weié
parties to it; it was due to the bank, to the State
banks, to the public. As the matter must be
finally settled in Committee of the Whole, h"e saw
