40                                    THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                            Dec. 18,
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the bill granting
to the State of Missouri a certain quantity of
public land for purposes of internal improvement,
and the bill graduating the price of the public
lands, were referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
On motion of Mr. MOORE, the bill to establish
a pension agency in North Alabama was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion of Mr MOORE, the bill authorizing
a íelinquishment of the sixteenth section of the
public lands granted for the use of schools, and
granting other lands in lieu thereof, was refeired
to the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion of Mr. CLAY, the bill to distribute
the proceeds of the public lands to and among the
several States, for a limited period, was referred to
the Committee on the Ptibhc Lands.
On motion of Mr FORSYTH, the bill pro-
viding for the fulfilment of the compact of 1802
between the United States and Georgia was íe-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
On motion of Mr. WEBSTER, the bill to pro-
vide indemnity for Frenchspoliations was refei red
to a selectcommittee, consisting of Messrs. Web-
ster, Chambers, Grundy, and Benton.   And
The special order of the day being announced
by the Chair to be the consideration of the resolu-
tion relative to the removal of the deposites—
Mr. CLAY said he was aware that the subject
was one which ought to be disposed of at as early
a period as was practicable. Some information
had been called for in relation to this mattei,
which has not been had, and which it was neces-
sary to obtain before he could go into the discus-
sion of the question, and therefore he moved a
postponement of it until Monday next; which was
agreed to.
. On motion of Mr. WILKINS, the bill for the
relief of A G. Ralston and G. Ralston was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the bill to regu-
late and fix the pay of the Medical Staff of the
Army was refened to the Committee on Military
Affairs,
On motion of Mr. KING, of Alabama, the bill
for the relief of Thomas Rhoads and others, and
the bill far the relief of John Hanmer and William
Johnson, were referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads; and
The bill for the relief of Theodore Bnghtwell
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
On motion of Mr. MOORE, the bill for the
relief of Eli Robbins, and the bill for the relief of
John McCarly, were referred to the Committee on
Claims
On motion of Mr. TYLER, the bill for the
relief of Robert White was referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion of Mr. TYLER, the bill for the
relief of William Mosby was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. ROBINSON, the bill grant-
ing compensation to certain persons for horses lost
in the late war was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
On motion of Mr. TIPTON, the bill granting
preemption rights to settleison the public lands
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. POINDEXTER submitted the following
resolution.
Resolved, That the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office be directed to communicate to the
Senate—
1st The whole amount of public lands belong-
ing to the United States, exhibiting the net pro-
ceeds, and distinguishing between those which
have been sold witbm the limits of Louisiana,
Florida, and otner parts of the United States, re-
spectively, and including the latest returns.
2d The whole amount of public lands which
have been surveyed and exposed to sale in the
several States and Territories, and showing the
amount sold and the amount remaining to be sold,
according to the last returns.
3d. The amount which has been actually pat-
ented in bounties to theArmy during the latewai.
4'h. The amount granted to each of the several
States and Territories, and for what purposes.       I
5>h. The amount set apart or reserved for schools
in the several States and Temtones,                        I
6J1. The amount granted m donations, for the
cultivation of the vine and olive, to Lafayette, and
for all other purposes.
Mr. HENDRICKS submitted the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making
an appropriation to remove obstructions to the
navigation of the Wabash river, and that the doc
uments on that subject now on file in the office of
the Secretary of the Senate be also referred to the
same committee.
Mr. ROBBINS submitted the following resolu-
tions-
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a naval depot and post of expedition
and rendezvous within the waters of Narraeansett
Bay.
Resolved, That so much of the report of the
Board of Navy Commissioners, made October 19,
1829, and of the report of the Secretary of the
Navy, made December 6, 1830, as relates to the
establishment of a depot within said waters, to-
gether with the report of the survey of said bay,
communicated to the Senate December 19, 1832,
with the several charts relating to the same, be
leferred to said committee.
Mr. HENDRICKS submitted the following
resolution-
Reiolved,Thnt the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post route from
Greensburg, by Fugitsvilie, Hartville.Goshen, and
Newburg, to Columbus.
Also, a post route from Indianapolis, by Dan-
ville, Bainbndge, and Chiltonville, to Rockville.
Mr. TIPTON submitted the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
making appropriations for the following objects,
viz:
1st. An appropriation for constructing a ship
channel to connect the waters of the River Raisin
with LaPlaisance Bay, in the Teintory of Mich-
igan, under the direction of the War Department.
21. An appropriation for constructing a harbor
at the mouth of St. Joseph's river, on Lake Mich
igan, in Michigan Territory.
3d. An appropriation to defiay the expense of
surveying the obstructions to the navigation of St.
Joseph's river and its tubutanes, as far up as the
said streams may be consideied navigable.
4th. An appropriation for construing a harbor
at the mouth of Trail creek, on Lake Michigan,
in the State of Indiana.
I    Mr. MOORE submitted the following resolu-
I tion.  -
Resolved, That the Secretary of War communi-
cate to the Senate the correspondence between that
Department and the several agents, and other per-
sons who have been employed in the removal, or
mthearrangement for removal, of the Indian tribes.
Also, all correspondence between the Department
and other individuals on the subject of Indian
affairs, including the names of agents, or other
persons, who have been employed in making
Indian treaties, in the removal of Indians, taking
the census of Indians, or in locating the reserva-
tions allowed by treaties to Indians, with a state-
mentoftheseveralsums disbursed by each, show-
ing the amuunt expended, the persons to whom it
has been paid, and the specific services or consid-
eration for which they have been paid.
Mr. CLAY submitted the followingresolutions:
Resohed, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
duectcd to communicate to the Senate a copy of
the entire letter addressed by Mr Crawfoid, w hen I
Secretary of the Treasury, undei date the 13>h
February, 1817, to the President of theMechanies'i
Bank of New York, an extract f.om which is I
recited m his report to Congress of the 3 J Decern- I
? 't183^' an(i coples of the other correspondence
of Mr. Crawford with the banks about that pe- I
nod, to passages in which the Secretary alludes
in the same report.                                                     |
Resolved, also, That the Secretary be directed to I
communicate to the Senate a copy of the corre- I
spondence between the agent appointed during the
last summer,to inqaiie upon what terms theStaie
banks would undertake to perform the services to
theGovernm°nt which had been performed by the
Bank of tne United States and the said banks, a
copy of the report made, if one was made, by the
said agent to the Secretary or the Executive; the
name of the agent, his compensation, and in virtue
of what law he was appointed.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednisdat, December 18, 1833.
BANK OF THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. BINNEY presented a memorial from the
President and Directors of the Bank of the United
States, asking redress for the violation of their
charter by the removal of the public deposites.
He did not desire any action upon  it now, but
would move that it should be laid on the table and
printed
Mr. POLK moved that the memorial should be
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and demanded that the question should betaken
by yeas and nays; which were ordered—yeas 95,
nays not counted.
Mr. WATMOUGH rose to address the House,
but the SPEAKER informed him it was not in
order to debate a motion to lay on the table.
Mr. POLK called for a division of the question.
Mr. BINNEY asked for the reading of -the
memorial, which was as follows:
To the Senate and House of Repi esenlatives of the
United States,
The Board  of Directors of the Bank of the
United States respectfully represent—
That by the charter of the bank it was stipu-
lated between the Congress of the United States
and the stockholders of the Bank of the United
States, that in consideration of a full equivalent
rendered by them m money and services, they
were entitled to the custody of the public money 
which were not to be withdrawn from it, unless
for the reasons of the sufficiency of which Con-
gress, and Congress alone, was the final judge.
That the bank has in all things faithfully per-
formed the stipulations of the charter.
Nevertheless, since the adjournment of Con-
gress,the Secietary of the Treasury has issued an
order on the 26th of September last, withdrawing
I from the possession of the bank the custom-house
I bonds deposited therein, and has subsequently
I transferred to certain State banks a large portion
I of the public moneys then in the safe keeping of
the bank, with the purpose of making them here-
after the permanent depositories of the public
l revenue
1 The Boaid of Directors, therefore, deem it their
duty forthwith to apprise your honorable bodies
of the violation of the chartered rights of the
stockholders, and to ask such redress therefor a 
to your sense of justice may seem proper.
By order of the board:
N. BIDDLE,
President of the Bank of the United States.
Philadelphia, December 9, 1833.
The question on that part of the motion—to ky
it on the table—was put; and decided in the nega-
tive; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs John Q Adams, H. Allen, C.
Allan, Archer, Ashley, Banks, Barber, Barmtz,
Barnnger, Beatty, James M. Bell, Binney, Boul-
din.Bnggs, Bullard, Bui!, Burd, Burgee, Cage.
Chambers, Chriton, Choate, Wm. Clark, Clow-
ney, Corwm, Coulter, Ciane, Crockett, Darling-
ton, Amos Davis, Davenport, Deberry, Demmg,
Dickson, Ellsworth,Evans, Edward Everett,Hor
ace Everett, Felder, Gordon, Gorham, Grayson,
Grennell, Griffin, Hiland Hall, Hard, Hardin, J.
Harper, Hazeltine, Heath, Hiester, J W. Hun-
tington, Wm. C. Johnson, Seaborn Jones, King,
Love, Martmdale, Marshall, McComas, McKen-
nan, Mercer, Milugan, Patton, Pinckney, Potts,
Kencher.Shepard, Shepperd, Wm. Slade, Sloane,
¡spangler,Philemon Thomas, Tompkins, Turner,
Tweedy, Vance, Vinton, Watmough, Edward D.
White, Frederick Whittlesey, Elisha Whittlesey,
Wilde, Wifliams, Young—84
NAYS—Messrs John Adams, John J Allen,
William Allen, Bates, Baylies, Beale, Bean,
Beardsley, Beaumont, John Bell, James Blair,
