THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                            Dec. 19,
On motion of Mr. TYLER, the bill for the re-
lief of Moses Sheppaid was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. TYLER, on leave given, presented a bill
to repeal the act for the better organ zation of the
Treasury Department, passed in May, 1820
On motion of Mr TYLER, the bill was read
twice and referred to the Committee on Finance.
* Mr. CLAY presented a petition from citizens
of Schenectady, New York, requesting the atten-
tion of Congress to the frequent fires on board
steamboats. Mr. C. hoped that the committee to
whom it might be referred would also dnect its
attention to another subject of immense import-
ance, and intimately connected with this, which
was the frequent lamentable accidents and loss of
life resulting from the bursting of steamboat boilers.
He suggested the reference of the petition to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BIBB thought the most proper reference
would be the Committee on Commerce. He
thought that so far as Congress was authorized to
interfere on such a subject, it must be with a view
to regulate the commercial intercourse of the com-
munity, therefore he thought the Committee on
Commerce was the most appropriate one.
Mr. CLAY said it was mdifterent to him.
The petition was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr GRUNDYsubmitted the following resolu-
tion, calling for information which, he said, every
member of the Senate would desire to be laid be-
fore the House, and he hoped no objection would
be made to its being immediately considered:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be di-
rected to communicate to the Senate a statement
of all the allowances made by him beyond the
sums stipulated in the original contract, since the
6th of April, 1829, specifying in every case the
service to be performed by the original contract,
end the sums to be paid thereon; the natuie and
extent of each facility or improvement, and the
txtra allowance made therefor, and the names of
the persons to whom the allowance has been made,
and at what time.
2d. A statement of the curtailments of facilities
lately made by the Department, specifying each
route, and the names of the respective contractors,
«id the amount of the diminutions of service, and
of compensation in each case; also, what routes,
if any, have been discontinued.
3d. The expense incurred in putting into opera-
tion the post routes established by the act of the
15th June, 1839, and the cost of transporting the
mail on said routes in each year.
Mr. CLAY said he was glad that the gentle-
man from Tennessee had offered this resolution.
There was no branch of the General Government
the correct administration of which was of more
importance than that of the Post Office Depart-
ment. If there were abuses in it—he did not say
there were any—they ought to be corrected. He
would, however, suggest to the gentleman that if
the resolution was not limited as to time much
delay would ensue. If there was any truth in
what rumor said on the subject, great abuses ex-
isted in that branch of the Government. The
Postmaster General, if the inquiry were not lim-
ited, might go back to the time of Mr. Habersham's
administration in search of information supposed
to be wanted, and thus we would never have a
report.
Mr. GRUNDY thought the gentleman from
Kentucky had not attended to the phraseology of
the resolution, if he had, he would have perceived
that it only went back to the commencement of
Mr. Barry's administration The gentleman had
observed that if what rumor said was true, there
were great abuses in the Department. He (Mr.
G ) hoped gentlemen would not trust to rumor
We want the truth, we want facts. His object
was this. He wanted the facts to come out, and if
there be anything wrong there, let it come out,
and let the people know it But if nothing cen-
surable shall appear, let all rumors be put down.
Let us see what the present head of that Depart-
ment has done, and then let opinion be formed.
He could not believe it possible that any delay
could occur. In a very few weeks we cou<d have
all the information required, and more, if the Sen-
atedesired it. The resolution embiaced the whole
adminisuation of that Department fiom the com- 1
mencement of Mr. Barry's administration of it,
and he hoped all would suspend then opinions—
would wait until the information to be obtained
should justify either censure or appiobation
The resolution was then agreed to
Mr. SOUTHARD, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of John
A. Webster.
Mr. WEBSTER submitted the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
passing a law for pi eventing, as far as may be,
accidents to vessels employed in the foreign or
coastwise commerce of the United States from
the explosion of steam.
Mr. MANGUM said it was with profound re-
gret that he rose to call the attention of the Senate
to a subject involving important principles. He
alluded to the message of the President of the
United States to the Senate of the 12th instant
He regretted that the duty devolved upon him.
He had hoped some other gentleman than himself
' would have directed the attention of the Senate to
it The subject was one involving matters of
grave moment, as it toucheé the great constitu-
tional rights of the Senate, and as it touched that
high courtesy and mutual íespect which ought to
subsist between the various branches of the Gov-
ernment. That the Senate should prove deficient
in these respects would to him be matter of great
regret. That the Senate had transcended its con-
stitutional rights, in the request which it bad made
on the Executive in the matter alluded to, must
not be admitted It was, therefore, due to the
dignity of the Senate, and due to the institutions
of the country, to review its whole course in this
matter, and if the Senate had done wrong—if it
had transcended its rights—to retrace their steps.
But if it had not transcended its just rights, it was
our duty to maintain the constitutional rights of
the Senate. He (Mr. M ) was one who, in the
simplicity of his heart, had voted for the resolu-
tion calling for infoi mation of the President—never
dreaming of its being an invasion of Executive
power. And he would suppose it impossible that
the Senate should lose sight of that íespect which
was due to the highest functionary of the Govern-
ment. His object was to take up the message for
consideration, and to move its reference to a select
committee.
Which was agreed to.
The Senate then balloted, when the following
gentlemen were announced as the committee.
Messrs Mangum, White, Forsyth, Eivuíg,
Southard, Rivts, and Bibb
Mr FORSYTH asked to be excused from
serving upon the committee.
Mr GRUNDY hoped the gentleman would not
be excused, or all might be excused.
Mr FORSYTH said, gentlemen did not seem
to perceive the awkward situation in which he was
placed He would be compelled to sit in judgment
between the President of the United States and
the majority of the Senate upon a matter in which
his opinion was unchanged, and, he might say,
unchangeable.
Mr. BIBB opposed Mr. Forsyth's request,
which was not agreed to.
On motion of Mr ROBBINS, the Senate con-
curred in the joint resolution from the House of i
Representatives for the appointment of a Library
Committee, and Messrs. Robbins, Poindexter,
and Bibb, were chosen on the part of the Senate.
Mr. KING submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to mqutre'into the expediency of
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
over to the State of Alabama, to be applied to the
construction of a railroad from the Tennessee to
the Alabama river, two per cent of the proceeds
of the sales of the public lands, which has been
set apart for making roads to and from said State,
under the direction of Congress.
The following resolutions, submitted yesterday,
Were taken up and aoreed to—
By Mr ROBBINS-
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a naval depot and post of expedition
and rendezvous within the waters of Narraganset
bay.
Resolved, That so much of the report of the
Board of Navy Commissioners, made October ID,
1829, and of the report of the Secretary of the
Navy, made December 6, 1830, as relates to the
establishment of a depot within said waters, to-
gether with the report of the survey of said bay,
communicated to the Senate, December 19, 1832,
with the several charts relating to the same, be
referred to said committee.
By Mr. HENDRICKS:
Resolved, 'I hat the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post route fiom
¿freensburg by Fugusville, Hartville, Goshen,
and Newburg, to Columbus
Also, a post route from Indianapolis, by Dan-
ville, Bainbridge, and Chiltonville, to Rockville.
Mr, HILL presented a memorial from the Le-
gislature of New Hampshire, requesting- the Sen-
ators and Representatives in Congress irom that
State to use their exertions to procure a more per-
fect organization of the militia of the United
States, which was referred to the Committee on
the Militia.
Mr. TIPTON submitted the following íesolu-
tions:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making
an appropriation for budding a light-house at the
mouth of the Kalamazoo and Giand rivers, on Lake
Michigan, Michigan Territory, and for surveying
the bais at the mouths of both these rivers.
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of an
appropriation for surveying the flats m Lake St
Clair, at the mouth of St Clair river; and also for
removing the bar, and building a pier, if neces-
sary, at the mouth of the river Clinton, in Lake
St Clair, in the Teintory Qf Michigan.
The following resolution, offered yesterday by
Mr. Tiptov, was taken up, considered, and
adopted. We are compelled, for want of time, to
omit Mr Tipton's remaiks upon the resolution.
ResolveJ., That the Committee on Commerce be
mstiucted toinqunemto the expediency of making
appropriations for the following objects, viz-
1st An appropriation for commencing a ship
channel to connect the waters of the River Raisin
with La Plaisance bay, intheTeriitory of Michi-
gan, under the direction of tHe War Department
2J. An appropriation for constructing a harbor
at the mouth of St Joseph's river, on Lake Michi-
gan, in Michigan Territory.
3d. An appropriation to defray the expense of
surveying the obstructions to the navigation of St.
Joseph's river and its tributaries, as far up as the
said streams may be considered navigable.
4th. An appropriation for constructing a harbor
at the mouth of Trail creek, on Lake Michigan,
in the State of Indiana,
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr Poindexter,was taken up and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office be directed to communicate to the
Senate—
1st The whole amount of public lands belong-
ing to the United States, exhibiting the net pro-
ceeds, and distinguishing between those which
have been sold within the limits of Louisiana,
Florida, and other parts of the United States, re-
spectively, and including the latest returns.
2d. The whole amount of public lands which
have been surveyed and exposed to sale in the
several States and Territories, and showing the
amount sold and the amount remaining to be sold,
according to the last returns.
31. The amount which has been actually pat-
ented in bounties to the Army during the late war
4th Theiimount granted to each of the several
States and Territories, and for what purposes.
5th The amount set apart or reserved for
schools m the several States and Territories
6th The amount granted in donations, for the
cultivation of the vine and olive, to Lafayette, and
for all other purposes.
The following resolutions, submitted yesterday
by Mr Clay, were t^cen up, when Mr C spoke
at length m their support, and was replied to by
•
