1833.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
43
Mr  Forsyth.    Their remarks we are compelled
to omit for want of time.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to communicate to the Senate a copy of
the entire letter addressed by Mr Crawford, when
Secretary of the Treasury, under date the 13th
February, 1817, to the President of the Mechan-
ics' bank of New York, an extract from which is
recited in his report to Congress of the 3 J Decem-
ber, 1833, and copies of the other correspondence
of Mr Crawford with the banks about that period,
to passages in which the Secretary alludes in the
same report.
Resolved, also, That the Secretary be directed to
communicate to the Senate a copy of the corre
spondence between the agent appointed during the
last summer to inquire upon what terms the State
barks would undertake to perform the services to
the Government wmch had been performed by the
Bank of the United States and the said banks, a
copy of the report, if one wis made, by the said
agent to the Secretary or the Executive; the name
of the agent, his compensation, and in virtue of
what law he was appointed.
The VICE PRESI DENT laid before the Senate
the annual statement of the Commissioner of the
Public Buildings.
The Senate then adjourned over to Monday
next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, Decembei 19, 1833
On motion of Mr. C. P WHITE,
Resolved, That the report of the directpr of the
Mint, presented to this House on the 11th instant,
and also the consideration of the state of the coins,
and the relative value thereof, and the valuation of
the foreign gold and silver coins in circulation in
the United Slates, be referred to a select commit-
tee, and that said committee have leave to report
by bill or otherwise.
On motion of Mr. WILSON,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to mqune into the expe-
diency of placing the name of Robert Reynolds
on the roll as a revolutionary pensioner.
On motion of Mr POPE,
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
inquire into the expediency of appropriating two
sections of the public domain in aid of the sup-
port of the marine hospital at Louisville, Ken-
tucky.
On motion of Mr CONNOR,
Resolved, That the papers in relation to the es-
tablishment of assay offices in the gold regions of
North Carolina, Virginia, and Georgia, be again
referred to a select committee.
On motion of Mr CHILTON,
Resolved, That the Committee on Claims be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making
compensation to James McCarty for a hors>e be-
* longing to him which was wounded in an engage-
ment with the Indians during the last war, while
in the possession of Duff Gieen.
On motion of Mr. PATTON,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of paying to George Stevens, executor of James
Burten, deceased, the five years' commutation of
full pay in lieu of half pay for life due to said
Burten, under the resolves of Congress.
On motion of Mi   BOON,
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of making an appropriation to authorize a survey
of the two White rivers in the State of Indiana,
with a view to ascertain the practicability and
expediency of removing certain obstructions to
the navigation of these rivers.
Mr SCV1CR submitted the following resolu-
tion, which lies one day foi consideration:
Resohed, That the Secretary of War be in-
structed to inform this House whether a survey of
White and St Francis rivers m Arkansas has been
made, m obedience to an act of Congiess of the
last session, and if so, to report the same to this
House, and if not, to state the reasons why they
have not been surveyed.                             wmr
The resolutionoffered yesterday by Mr W ill I -
TLESEY, ofOhio,thatso much of the 13th rule,
" and other persons introduced by the Speaker,
or by a member of the House, shall be admitted
within the Hall of the House of Representatives,
be rescinded," coming up,
Mr. W remarked that he was induced to sub-
mit this alteration in the rule only with a view to
the despatch of business
Mr. WILDE moved, as an amendment, to omit,
also, from the rule the words " Treasurer, Comp-
troller, Register, and Auditor."
[So that these personages should be deprived of
the entree into the privileged places outside the
bar ]
Mr WHITTLESEY accepted this amendment
as a modification.
The SPEAKER here said that there was so
much noise beyond the bar of the House that he
could not hear what was aduressed to the Chair.
Mr C. C. CLAY. That convinces me of the
necessity that exists of adopting the original mo-
tion, but the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Georgia he did not understand
Mr J Gt ADAMS objected to any alteration
of the rule as it stood.
Mr WILDEconsenteá to make his amendment
a distinct question. '
Mr. HARDIN complained that there wae gen-
erally so much noise outside the bar that he and
those who sat near it could not hear what was
passing at the Speaker's table, and expressed a
i hope that, if thenoise wasnotdiscontinued,froma
■ senseof politeness, some of the members in the pit
or gallery of the Hall would exchange places with
those who were unfortunately on the mountain.
Mr THOMAS, of Louisiana, said that, as he
was the father of the rule which it was desired to
abolish, and consequently had been the cause of
the present discussion, he might be permitted to
say that when he had introduced this part of the
rule for their adoption, it was because he felt it was
the duty of every Representative to accommodate
and satisfy the ladies in every particular, but things
were now altered, as they had a large erection for
their satisfaction, an extensive gallery for them,
where they could see and be seen, and hear every-
thing that passed in the Hall, he therefore could
now concur in the propriety of the proposed
amendment of the honorable member from Ohio.
After some desultory conversation, the question
on the motion made by Mr WHITTLESEY was
taken, and carried in the affiimative.
Mr. WARD desired to know from the honor-
able member from Georgia for what reason it was
sought to exclude the persons named in his amend-
ment—persons who had so long been in the enjoy-
ment of that privilege, as it seemed to be rather an
invidious uncalled for exclusion.
Mr JARVIS inquired if it was in order to act
on the amendment without being laid on the table
for one day'
The SPEAKER replied it was
Mr WILDE said he did not wish to prolong the
discussion, recollecting the adage, de minibus lex
non cut at     But, in answer to the member from
New York, he would say, that the only reason
that he wished to strike out of the rule the words
giving the privilege of enltee to the Hall to the
Treasurer,&c , was,that he did notseeanyreason
why they should ever have had it
!     Mr  WARD called for the yeas and nays on
i the question     The House refused to sustain the
call, and   the   question   on   the  amendment of
1 Mr  WILDD being put, Messrs   BR1GGS and
SLADE, of Illinois, were appointed tellers, and
i it was rejected—ayes 94, noes 107
Mr   WATMOUGH reported a bill from the
Committee  on Naval Affairs giantmg  certain
I allowances to captains of marine corps.
I     Mr   PARKER, from  the same committee,
I reported a bill to extend the time for persons on
the pension fund
|     Mr   PATTON, from the   same   committee,
reported a bill to compensate Suban Decatur and
others
Mr   MUHLENBERG, from the Committee
I on Revolutionary Claims, reported a bill for the
I relief of the legal representatives of Fuller Clai-
1 borne
|     Mr WARD, from the Committee on Military
t Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of------Blood-
good.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON, from the Committee
on Private Land Claims, reported bills for the relief
of------Fisher and-------Frosack.
Mr. POLK, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, a bill for the relief of-----   Bassompiere.
Mr R M JOHNSON, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported a bill to satisfy the
claims of the State of Connecticut against the Uni-
ted States for the military services of the niilma,
with some private bills
Mr. CARR,from the Committee on Private Land
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Archibald
Small.
All which bills were severally read twice, and
committed.
THE BANK DEPOSITES.
The House proceeded to consider the motion of
Mr POLK to recommit to the Committee of
Ways and Means the report of the Secretary of
the Treasury on the removal of the deposites,
together with the following instructions to the
committee, moved by Mr. McDuffie.
"To report a joint resolution providing that the
public revenue hereafter collected be deposited in
the Bank of the United States, in conformity with
the public faith pledged in the charter of the said
bank."
Mr. McDUFFIE said, although he agreed with
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr Chilton] that,
in point of strict justice, the bank was entitled to
indemnity for the past removal of the deposites,
yet he would not add to the embarrassment of the
community by restoring the money already trans-
ferred to the State banks.    He thought, however,
that to direct the future deposite of all public
money in the Bank of the United States was a
measure demanded  by justice and expediency.
The deposites had been removed, and he should
proceed to prove that their removal was illegal.
The President, in his message, formally and sol-
emnly informs us that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury had removed the deposites  There was reason
to believe that this was not the fact.   Technically
and strictly the deposites were not removed by
the Secretary    We had the word of the Pres-
ident, in a public document, [from which he read
some passages,] that he had himself directed the
Secretary of the Treasury to remove the deposites.
After giving the reasons why he thinks the de-
posites should be removed, he adds, " the Pres-
ident thinks,"&c,and concludes, "the President
wishes this measure to be considered as his own,"
&c , and he therefore names a particular day for
the revenue bonds to be placed in the State banks.
Now, he would put it to every man acquainted
with the ordinary import of language to say
whether the President had not usurped the power
of removing the deposites, which, in the same
document, he admits to belong exclusively to the
Secretary of the Treasury     Prom some passages
in the paper one would think that the President
would rather cut off his right hand than interfere
with a subject belonging, as he acknowledges this
to belong, to the office of the Secretary of the
Treasury    He admits that the power of the Sec-
retary over the subject is unquahfied, and that he
must exercise the pc wer under his responsibility
j to Congress   But three days before the Secretary
I of the Treasury went out of office the íemoval of
1 the deposites is officially announced in the Govern-
1 ment gazette     The Treasury Department is an
Executive Department  it has distinct duties from
those devolved upon the Piesident, but yet the
i President assumes the exercise of those duties,
and renders the office of the Secietary of the Treas-
ury a merely ministerial office.   The object of
Congress in giving this separate power to the,Sec-
I retary, was evidently to keep asunder the purse
| and the sword     He doubted whether any mon-
arch now in existence would dare to usurp the
power of the purse.   One French King had lost
his throne by a usurpation of a smaller extent
! than this     It was curious to read what the Pres-
ident says on this subject  [HereMr McDUFFIE
read long extracts from the paper submitted by
the Piesident to his Cabinet on the subject of the
deposites ]    It seemed, he said, the President had
exercised this authoiity -with extreme pain and
reluctance, and merely from the necessity of the
case     Usurped power was always accepted with
reluctance   Ceesai thrice refused the kingly crown.
