44
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 20,
Richard théThird accepted the honors forced upon
him, although " they were against h>s conscience
and his soul " The Pi esident's explanations were,
howevei, more difficult to be understood than
these. 1 hey had but one precedent, and that was
the manner in which Hem y the Fourth set forth
ihis title to power, which he read from Hume He
distrusted pretensions which were set -forth with
such glosses. The President says to the Secretary •
The law has vested this power in you- I would
be as unwilling to dictate to you as to have you
dictate to me, but, in the face of this, he turns out
the Secretary because he will not sign the paDer,
and puts in anothei man who will He never had
met anything like this, except a story of the de-
cision of a magistrate in some little town in New
York—Kmderhook, perhaps—on the subject of
liberty of conscience " Oh, yes," said the judge,
" every man has a light to tink for himself, pro-
vided he tmks with the court." The President
gives the Secretaiy the right to think for himself,
provided he thinks just as he directs him to think.
The Secretary did not remove the deposites. It
was a false statement. The Piesident removed
them, who had no more right than I have.
The history of usurpation contained nothing
equal in impudence to the pretensions by which
all power was now attempted to be concentrated in
the Pi esident. The law showed that the deposites
were to be removed only for reasons connected
with the convenience and safety of the Treasury,
and at the order of the Treasury Department alone
could they be íemoved Had the Secretary shown
that the bank was corrupt, that it violated its faith,
or even that he could make a better aiiangement
with the State banks, his reasons would have been
sufficient. But so far from giving these reasons,
no person, not the Secretary, not a member of the
House, will pretend that the bank is unsafe. On
the other hand, it is charged against the bank that
jt embarrasses the country by hoarding up specie
What one of the stipulations of the charter has the
bank violated' No Government in the world, be
its sphere of operations large or small, has had its
money concerns so well and cheaply transacted as
«urs have been by this hank. The Government
«editors have never waited one moment for their
money from the disbursing officeis, so far as the
bank was concerned, and when they got then-
money, it was money. God grant they may say
the same thing two years hence Not a dollar has
been lost for sixteen years of all the money col-
lected for the Government and deposited in this
bank But still the safest bank in the world was
to be put down, the public money was to be haz-
arded, the interests of widows and orphans were
to be destroyed, to gratify the malice of a tyrant,
madly seeking his personal revenge in the destruc-
tion of the institution Mr McD heie took up
the charge mode against the bank of having inter-
fered with elections. In the fiist place, he con-
tended that the bank directors had not interfered
in elections—they had, he said,studiouslyavoided
them, and endeavored to conciliate all parties In
fact, they attended to their business. But what
right had the Piesident to disfranchise bank offi-
cers ; They had as good a right as any men to
vote at elections, and take a part in public affairs
The truth was, that the charge meant nothing
more than that the bank would not interfere m
elections according to the directions sent to it from
Washington. It refused to tuin out Jonathan and
put in John, at the order of the President. The
Piesident says, " it is his desire that the control of
the bank and the currency be entirely separated
from the political power of the country." A
wiser sentiment never was uttered Here is the
precept,what was the example' Hepunishes the
Bank of the United States because it could not be
made a political instrument. He had done more.
He had distributed the whole funds of the country
among the local banks acceding to their political
character So help me God, he would rather trust
Andrew Jackson with fifty thousand soldiers, than
with the privilege of disposing, through his pliant
instrument—for the Secretary of the Treasury
would never be anything moie than a pliant instru-
ment—the revenue of the country among banks,
judiaiously chosen by him The deposite banks
had been selected exnressly wi*h a view to their
paity character, and the officers of those banks
had already begun to figure in the political arena.
He did not charge General Jackson with duplicity
in stating his principles He believed that he as-
sumed them m sincerity, but that in the language
of the late Secretary of the Tieasury, he had no
fixed principles—impulse and passion ruled him.
Mr McDuffie here adverted to the support
which he gave General Jackson as a candidate for
the Presidency. One of the principles on which
he was brought into power was, the necessity of
keeping out of public office all those who interfered
with elections. But now the officers of the Gov-
ernment were transformed into an army of elec-
tioneering agents The reform had ended in turn-
ing out independent men, and putting política) par-
tisans in their places What (Mr McD asked)
will be the result, if we suifer the public deposites
to be removed at the will of the President' Would
not every election be controlled by money influ-
ence' Even now the whole power and means of
the Government are exerted to secuie the succes-
sion to the Presidency which had been resolved
upon. Almost every reason given by the Piesi-
dent for removing the deposites was conclusively
answered by the fact that the charter of the Bank
of the United States expjres in 1836. The bank,
before that time, could do nothing to undermine
the liberties of the country. The real object was,
therefore, as he believed, to concentrate the mon-
eyed power where the political power was concen-
trated,and to exert both in the control of the pies-
ldential election. The State banks would be
actuated with one common spirit; they would be
Government banks, and political agents of the
Government. Every man acquainted with the
practical operations of the bank must know that
the removal of the deposites would not in the least
degree relieve the commercial embarrassments
which must take place upon the expiration of the
charter. This was, therefore, no good reason. But
the Secretary says ltis necessary to provide a new
currency to take the place of the bills of the Bank of
the United States. Bills of better credit' No, that
was not pretended They are, then, to carry on the
exchanges But they had not stipulated to do it.
Would the deposite bank at Richmond take the
bills of the Bank of the Metropolis' They will
for the Government, but not from individuals, it
was idle to attempt to give the notes of the State
banks any general ciedit. So far from having their
credit improved by the destruction of the United
States Bank, the State banks will be the first to
suffer by it, and would soon find themselves, if
they did not already, in a very critical situation.
There was a rumor that the deposite banks had
actually petitioned the Government to restore the
deposites to the Bank of the United States Here
we have a bank too strong, too solvent, with too
much specie in its vaults, but the next reason for
removing the deposites is, that the notes of the
I bank will depreciate when the bank winds up.
This was like telling a countryman who holds
the note of a rich farmer, that, when the day comes
for its payment, it will be depreciated in value.
No one who knew anything of banking believed
that the paper of the bank would be depreciated
one fourth of one per cent It was idle to say so. j
Here Mr MeDUFFIE gave way, at the in- I
stance of Mr Davis, of Massachusetts, to a motion
for adjournment; and the House then adjourned.
^ HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, Decembei 20, 1833.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, submitted the
following resolution, which lies one day for con-
sideration.
Resolved, That the Secretary of War report to
this House the survey of a canal route from Pitts-
burg to Akron, made by Colonel James Kearney,
with the estimates of the expenses of construction,
accompanied with the maps and profiles.
Mr. KINNARD submitted the following reso-
lutions; which also lie one day on the table:           |
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be !
requested to communicate to this House a state-
mentof the quantity of lands included in thegrant
made to the State of Indiana to enable her to con-
struct the Wabash  and  Erie  canal, which have I
been sold under the proclamation of the President,
dated 3d Septembr, 1833, or any previous procla- I
mation, ordering sales of land at Buey rus and I
Wapawkonetta, in the State of Ohio.                       I
2   That the Secretary aforesaid be requested
to accompany said report with a statement of the
amount of money arsing from the sale of said
canal lands, together with a map of the same, dis-
tinctly marking their contiguity to the canal line,
and communicating such other information of said
lands in his possession as will enable the House
to form an estimate of their intrinsic value.
3   That a select committee be appointed to in-
quae into the expediency of making provision by
law to reimburse the State of Indiana for the
loss which she may sustain in consequence of the
sale of the lands aforesaid, to íeport by bill or
otherwise
On motion of Mr EWING,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Territories
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
extending the northern boundary of the State of
Indiana so as to embiace a slight tract of land
(now attached to the Territory of Michigan) south
of St Joseph's river, so as to render said river the
boundary line, from its junction with Lake Mich-
igan, and allow concuirent jurisdiction to Indiana
at its mouth.
On motion of Mr. DUNCAN,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making
Chicago a port of entry.
Mr STEWART submitted a motion that when
the House adjourned, it should adjourn over until
Monday    Agreed to.
Mr BEARDSLEY, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported bills for the relief of W. San-
deis, W. R. Porter, Joel Wright, and for the legal
representatives of Nathaniel Patton, deceased.
Mr MUHLENBERG, from the Committee on
Revolutionaiy Claims, a bill for the relief of-------
Mortimer.
Mr McKENNAN, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, a bill granting donation of
lots to the Alexandria free school and orphan
asylum.                           *
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON, from the Committee
on Private Land Claims, bills for the relief of the
hens of------Ermendorf, and of Eliza Dickenson.
Mr. TURRILL, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, bills for the relief of the legal
repiesentatives of Walter Livingston, deceased,
and of Thomas Wallace, deceased.
Mr BULL reported a bill for the relief of Isa-
dore Moore
All of which bills were read twice, and com-
mitted.
The resolutions heretofore submitted, and given
in our paper, by Mr. MERCER, m relation to
the bridge over thePotomac; by Mr. STEWART,
of Pennsylvania, in relation to the improvement
of the Monongahela river, and by Mr. SEVIER,
calling on the Secretary of War for information m
relation to a survey of St Francis and White
rivers, were severally adopted
Mr. STEWART submitted the following reso-
lution; which lies one day on the table:                     fc
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to communicate to this House the reports of Col-
onels Abeit and Kearney, and also the recent
repoit of Captain William Gibbs "VIcNeil, of the
corps of topographical engineers, on the plan, con-
struction, costs, and actual condition of the Chesa-
peake and Ohio canal
On motion of Mr CHILTON,
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of making an appiopnation to aid in the turn-
pikmg and improvement of the road leading from
Louisville, in the State of Kentucky, to Nashville,
in the State of Tennessee, in the manner proposed
in an act of the late Legislature of said State of
Kentucky, and that said committee have leave to
report by bill oi otherwise.
Mr WHALLON submitted the following reso-
lution, which lies one day.
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be instruct-
ed to lay before this House the survey and esti-
mates for the erection of a pier or breakwater m
the harbors of Burlington, Port Kent, and Platts-
burg, on Lake Champlain
On motion of Mr H  EVERETT,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expedí-
