1833.
.   THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4?
Treasury on the first of January next, it will be
sufficient for all the wants of the Government,
including the amount necessary to pay off the
residue of the national debt. 11 must, however, be
observed, that, in addition to the appropriations
nowasked for,there will bean unexpended balance
of former appropriations amounting to the sum
of §5,190,287 62, which will probably be required
in the course of the ensuing year for the objects
for which it has been appropriated And if the
entire amount of appropriations proposed in the
estimates foj- 1834 were also to be required within
the year, there would not be money enough in the
Treasury to meet them, after satisfying the bal-
ances aoove stated, and paying off the public debt.
But the experience of former years shows that a
portion of the appropriations may always be
expected to remain unexpended at the end of the
year And the average of these unexpended bal-
ances for the last four years is about $,5,300,000
In estimating the balance in the Treasury at the
close of 1834, I have therefore assumed that a
portion of the estimates of expenditure, herewith
submitted, will not be used during the year, and
that balances of appropriations, equal to the
amount at the close of the present year, will in
like manner remain in the Treasury at the end of
the year 1834, and go into the expenses of the
succeeding year. And it is not necessary to raise
money for the public use sooner than it will prob-
ably be needed.
But the balance stated at the end of 1834 is not
to be consideied as a clear sui plus. It will still
be chargeable with the amount of appropriations
estimated to remain unexpended at that time.
From this state of the finances, and of the pro-
posed appropriations, it is evident that a reduction
of the revenue cannot at this time be made with-
out injury to the public service Under the act of
the last session, the receipts of 1835 will be less
than those of 1834, as a further reduction in the
rate of duties will take effect on the 1st of Janu-
ary, 1835 And if the appropriations should be
kept up to the amount authorized for the present
year, the chaige upon the Treasury in 1835 would
be more than it could probably meet But the
debt will then have been entirely paid, and if a
guarded rule of appropriation is at once com-
menced, there will be no difficulty in bringing
down the expenditure without injury to the pub-
lic service.
If the revenue is not to be reduced more than
the existing law provides for, there seems to be
no sufficient reason to open at this time the vexed
question of the tariff The manner in which du-
ties are now apportioned on different articles would
be liable to insuperable objections if it were to be
considered as a settled and peimanent system
But the law is temporary on the face of it, and
was intended as a compromise between confl cting
interests, and unless the revenue to ause under it
should heieafter be more productive than is an-
ticipated, it will be necessary in two years from
this time to impose duties on articles that are now
free in order to meet the curient expenses of the
Government. There would seem, theiefore,to be
no advantage in agitating the question at the pres-
ent moment, yet some modifications of the exist-
ing laws will be necessary, in order to carry into
effect the intentions of the Legislature, and to
guard against attempts to evade its provisions
without in any degree affecting it  pnncipfes
It is however respectfully recommended that the
appropriations for 1834 -should  be i emulated by a
proper regard  to economy      Heretoiore the re
ceipts to be expec'ed could be ascertained with
some degree of reitainty, beeause they were pun-  |
cipally derived from the importsof previous years,
and the bonds taken for the duties on such impoits  I
showed theamountof receipts which might safely 11
be counted on, but under the new system of cash
duties and short credits each year must mainly i
depend for its income on its own importe     Andas I
commerce is always more or less liable to fluctua-
tions, the public interest requues that there should
be at all times in the Treasury a sufficient sum to
piovide for unforeseen contingencies, and toguaid
against disappointment m the estimated receipts,
Tne calculations on the income of a succeeding
year is necessarily more uncertain undei the pres- j
ent system than"under the foimei one of long
credits, and if the anticipations of the receipts of I
1834 and 1835 should be fully reabzed, there will
not be more than ought to be piovided on the esti-
mated scale of expenditures. At the last session
of Congress the appropriations exceeded twenty-
one millions five hundred thousand dollars, being
nearly three millions five hundred thousand above
the estimates presented at the beginning of the ses-
sion. A similar amount of expenditure authorized
at the present sess on might lender it necessary
to provide additional revenue earlier than is now
contemplated.
It is understood to be conceded on all hands,
that a tariff for protection merely is to be finally
abandoned, and that the revenue is to be reduced
to the necessary wants of the Government. Va-
rious causes have contributed to enlaige the pro-
posed expenditures for 1834, as will be seen by
the particular estimates from the different Depart-
ments. But it is believed that all the objects for
which this Government was established can be
effectually attained at much less annual expense
hereafter, and the harmony and mutual good feel-
ing of this extensive country will be best secured
and perpetuated by rigidly confining the opera-
tions of the General Government to its appropriate
sphere If this is done, and its expenditures are
regulated by a strict economy, the burdens it im-
poses will scarcely be felt by our citizens, while
its blessings are inestimable.
As the public debt will soon be extinguished,
it is proper that the books and papers which be-
long to the various loan offices should be trans-
mitted to the seat of Government and placed
among the archives of the nation. It is believed
that the outstanding debt can be purchased on
favorable terms in the course of the ensuing year,
and that it can be most conveniently purchased at
the Treasury It appears, therefore, desirable that
provision should be made bylaw for immediately
transmitting to this {Department all the books and
papers relating to the national debt The money |
' can be readily transmitted to the public creditor I
without charge to him or to the Government, and
he can be paid at any place where he may wish
to receive it.
The act of March 3,1807, abolished the office of
Commissioner of Loans, and transferred the duties
to the Bank of the United States   The money ne-
cessary to pay the public creditors has, from time
to time, been advanced to the bank by the Treas-
ury, and it appears that large sums have remained
for a considerable time m the bank without being
applied to the purposes for which they were in-
tended    The amount has been reduced within a
few months past    But the statement from the Re-
gister's Office, herewith presented, marked L.will
show that $773,111 98 still remained in their hands
on the first of October last.  A portion of this sum,
as appeals by the papei referred to, was advanced
some years ago    And there is no reason why this
! money should continue in the hands of the bank,
where it is useless to the Government as well as
I to the creditor.   The delay in the payment has
| ptobably in some instances been caused by the
death of the party entitled, and the ignorance of
his repiesentatives as to his claims on the United
States    1 he situation of these outstanding claims
renders it still more necessary that the books and
papéis relating to the public debt should be forth
with tiaiibmitted to this Department, where the
pioper inquines could be made as to the cause of
the delay, and measures taken to ascertain who is
entitled to receive the money     As the amount is |
justly t'ue from the United States to some one, I
and may belong to  persons who aie ignorant of i
then rights, justice seems to require that the Gov- |
ernment should take measmes to apprise them of .
their claims, and of the readiness of the United   ¡
States to discharge them
The destiuction of the building occupied by the
Treasui y Department nas occasioned the loss of !
some valuable papers    But it is believed that none
ha\e been destroyed that c-ui materially affect the
public inteiest     It will become necessary to pro- il
vide another bui'ding, and the loss already sus-
tamed in the documents and recoids of this office,
shows the propuety of electing it upon a different
plan from the foimer one, and of placing the ai-
chives of the Government in a situation less ex-
posed to danger    The mcon\enienoes which aie ,
felt from the present situation of the offices con- |
nected with this Department, as well as the morej
exposed condition of the papers, induce me to m
vite the early attention of Congress to this subject.
The report from the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office is herewith presented, showing
the condition of that branch of the public service,
and containing suggestions for its improvement.
All which is respectfully submitted
R B TANEY,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Treasury Department,
December 17, 1833.
Continuation of Thursday's Proceedings.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 19,1833
The following resolutions, submitted yesterday
by Mi  Clay, were taken up:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
dnected to communicate to the Senate a copy of
the entire letter addressed by Mr. Crawford, when
Secietary of the Treasury, under date the 13th
February, 1817, to the President of the Mechanics'
Bank of New York, an extract from which is re-
cited in his report to Congress of the 3d December,
1833, and copies of the other correspondence of
Mr Crawford with the banks about that period,
to passages in which the Secretary alludes in the
same report.                                            '
Resolved, also, That the Secretary be directed to
communicate to the Senate a copy of the corre-
spondence between the agent, appointed during the
last summer, to inquire upon w"hat terms thebtate
banks would undertake to perform the services to
the Government which had been performed by
the Bank of the United States, and the said banks;
a copy of the report made, if one was made, by
the said agent to the Secretary, or the Executive;
the name of the agent, his compensation, and in
virtue of what law he was appointed.
When Mr BENTON moved to amend the res-
olution, by adding the following:
" Also, that the Secretary communicate to the
Senate the monthly statements of the affairs of the
Bank of the United States for the current year,
which have not been heretofore communicated.
" Also, the entire correspondence between the
Secretary of the Treasury and the President of the
Bank of the United States for the first half of the
year 1819."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLAY said that he felt it his duty to sub-
mit to the Senate some explanation of the motives
which had induced him to ask it to adopt these
resolutions The Secretary in his report concern-
ing the public deposites had labored very hard,
through two or three of the first pages of it, to
prove that he possessed the exclusive power to de-
cide when they should be removed. This power,
he contended, was not restricted to any particular
contingencies, but " was absolute and uncondi-
tional, as far as the interests of the bank were in-
volved." " It is not necessary," saysthatofficer,
"that the deposites should be unsafe in order to
justify the removal. The authority to remove is
not limited to such a contingency. The bank may
be perfectly soltent, and prepared to meet promptly
all demands upon it, it may have been faithfut in
the performance of all its duties, and yet the pub-
lic interest may require the deposites to be with-
drawn; and as that cannot be done without the
action of this Department, the Secretaiy of the
Tieasury would betray the trust confided to him
if he did not cause the depos'tes to be made else-
wheie whenever the change would advance the
public interests or the public convenience The
safety of the deposites—the ability of the bank to
meet its engagements—Us fidelity in the perform-
ance of its obligations, are only a part of the con-
siderations by which his judgment must be guided.
The genei al interest and convenience of the people
must regulate his conduct "
Here is the assumption of a power analogous to
the old exploded doctune of the general welfare
in a most odious foim Accoidmg to that doc-
trine, it was claimed by certain Federalists of
1798-9, that the Constitution vested in Congress
power to legislate on all subjects for the genera,
welfare But, accoidmgno the new version of
the heiesy.a Secretary of the Treasury, a subor-
dinate officer of the Government, the creature ol
