48                                     THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.   .                        Dec. 20.
Congress, arrogates to himself a power to admin-
ister the duties of his office, and to regulate the
currency of the country in conformity with his
sense of the general interest and convenience of
the people ! And at the very moment of setting
up this enormous pretension he"denies any such
power to Congress!
But this is not_all. This modern doctrine
assumes for the Secretary not only a power equiv-
alent to its ancient prototype, but it demands that
it be respected as absolute and unconditional, and
exclusive even of Congress. " For," to quote the
language of" the Secretary, " although Congress
should be satisfied that the public money was not
safe in the care of the bank, or should be convinced
that the interests of the people of the United States
imperiously demanded the removal, yet the pas-
sage of a law directing it to be done, would be a
breach of the agreement into which they have
entered."
Is this possible ? Can it be true that an official
being, brought into existence by the will of Con-
gress, having no authority, and charged with no
duties but such as ,that will has conferred, has
more power than its creator? Can it be true that
the agent may do what the principal cannot do?
Can it be true that the Secretary, representing one
of the parties to a contract, without a violation of
a single stipulation of that contract by the other
party, may, upon a general notion of public inter-
est or convenience, violate, at his pleasure, the
most essential stipulation of the whole contract for
that other party ? May he do that, whilst Con-
gress is restrained from ordering a removal of the
deposites under any circumstances; even if the
bank had failed to fulfill all the provisions of the
charter, and the deposites were unsafe, and the
interests of the people of the United States impe-
riously demanded the removal? May the Secre-
tary remove them, without any breach of the
charter on the part of the bank, whilst the hands
of Congress are fast tied, although the bank had
broken every stipulation of the charter?
The Secretary appears to have been conscious
that this most extraordinary doctrine required all
the bolstering which he could give it; and he has
accordingly retreated behind a precedent which
he alleges to have been furnished by Mr. Craw-
ford, one of his predecessors. He says: "This
principle" [that is, the absolute, unconditional, and
exclusive power of the Secretary over the depos-
ites] " was distinctly asserted by Mr. Crawford."
" In a postscript to his letter to the President of
the Mechanics' Bank of New York, dated Febru-
ary 13,1817, he says: The Secretary of the Treas-
ury will always be disposed to support the credit
of the Slate banks, and will invariably direct trans-
fers from the deposites of the public money in aid
of their legitimate exertions to maintain their
credit." The Secretary alludes to other passages
in the correspondence of Mr. Crawford with the
banks about the period of the 13th February, 1817.
But he contents himself with a single citation from
the postscript; perhaps supposing that Corgress,
like the fairer portion of our species, would deem
that the most important part of the letter.
Now, Mr. President, what must be your sur-
prise when he (Mr. C.) stated that Mr. Crawford
never, in the correspondence referred to, distinctly
asserted any such principle as his successor at-
tributes to him; never did claim for himself, on
that occasion, any such extraordinary and exclu-
sive power over the deposites; and that his cor-
respondence was conducted under an authority
totally different from that contained in the bank
charter ?
It will be recollected that when the Bank of the
United States was incorporated,ageneral suspen-
sion of specie payments prevailed throughout the
United States, with the exception of New Eng-
land. The taxes and duties were paid in depre-
ciated paper, of which the million and a half (a
sum equal to the bonus paid by the Bank of the
United States) of unavailable funds, now annually
reported by the Treasury, is a part. To pro-
duce a restoration of a sound currency was the
mainobjectin establishing that bank. Aboutthat
period a convention of representatives from the
State banks was held, and some were, and others
were not, willing to resume specie payments. It
was feared by Congress that the bank alone might
not prove competent to produce the desired effect.
An auxiliary measure was deemed necessary; and
that was adopted in the following resolution which
passed on the 30^h April, 1816:
"Resolved, fyc., That theSecretary of the Treas-
ury be, and he hereby is, required and directed
to adopt such measures as he may deem necessary
to cause, as soon as may be, all duties, taxes,
debts, or sums of money, accruing or becoming
payable to the United States, to be collected and
paid in the legal currency of the United States or
Treasury notes, or notes of the Bank of the United
States as by law provided and declared, or in
notes of banks which are payable and paid on
demand in legal currency of the United States; and
that from and after the twentieth day of Febru-
ary next, no such duties, taxes, debts, or sums
of money, accruing or becoming payable to the
United States as aforesaid, ought to be collected
or received otherwise than in the legal currency of
the United States, or Treasury notes, or notes of
the Bank of the United States, or in notes of banks
which are payable and paid on demand in the
said legal currency of the United States."
The letter of Mr. Crawford, the postscript of
which the Secretary has communicated to Con-
gress, bears date the 13th of February, 1817, only
one week before the day fixed for the resumption
of specie payments by the resolution to which he
had called theattention of the Senate. Thatletter,
beyond all doubt, was written under the authority
contained in that resolution. What, then, must
be thought of the official candor and honor of the
Secretary of the Treasury, who has endeavored to
palm upon Congress and the country the authority
of Mr. Crawford for the enormous power which
the Secretary assumes under thecharterwhenMr.
Crawford was acting under a resolution which,
having produced its object,has long since expired.
The object of the first resolution submitted by
him (Mr. C.) yesterday, is to obtain an entire
copyofthe correspondence of Mr. Crawford. The
second resolution carries its own explanation.
Mr. CLAY begged permission to trespass a few
moments longer on the Senate, to make a statement
concerning himself personally. He had heard that
one high in office had allowed himself to assert
that a dishonorable connexion had subsisted be-
tween him (Mr. C.) and the Bank of the United
States. When the present charter was granted he
voted for it; and having done so, he did not feel
himself at liberty to subscribe, and he did not sub-
scribe for a single share in the stock of the bank,
although he confidently anticipated a great rise in
the value of the stock. A few years afterwards,
during the presidency of Mr. Jones, it was thought
by some of his friends in Philadelphia expedient
to make him (Mr. C.) a director of the Bank of
the United States; and he was made a director
¡ without any consultation with him. For that
I purpose, five shares were purchased for him by a
¡ friend, for which he (Mr. C.) afterwards paid.
When he ceased to be a director, a short time
subsequently, he disposed of those shares. He
does not now own, and has not for many years
been the proprietor of a single share.
When Mr. Cheves was appointed president of
the bank, its affairs in the State of Kentucky and
Ohio were in great disorder; and his (Mr. Clay's)
professional services were engaged during several
years for the bank in those States.  He brought a
vast number of suits, and transacted a great amount
of professional business for the bank.    Amon -
other suns was that for the recovery of the 100,000
dollars seized under the authority of a law of Ohio,
which he carried through the inferior and Supreme 1
Court.    He was paid by the bank the usual com- j
pensation for these services, and no mora.   And ¡
he ventured  to  assert, that no professional fees I
were ever more honestly and fairly earned.    He I
had not, however, been the counsel for the bank I
for upwards of eight years past.   He does not !
owe the bank, or any of its branches, a solitary !
cent.    About twelve or fifteen years aco, owing ¡
to the failure of a highly estimable, nowdeceaseO, i
friend, a large amount of debt had been, as his i
endorser, thrown upon him, (Mr. C.,) and it was
principally due to the Bank of the United States.
He (Mr. C.) established for himself a rigid econ-
omy, a sinking fund, and worked hard, and paid
off the debt long since, without receiving from the
bank the slightest favor.   Whilst others around
him were discharging their debts in property, at
high valuations, he periodically renewed his note,
paying the discount, until it was wholly extin-
gui3hed. It has been said of professional men of
the greatest eminence that their fate is to work
hard, live well, and die poor.
Such was a true account of his connexion with
that institution; and he defied its disproof in any
particular.
He hoped the resolution would be adopted.
Mr. FORSYTH said that perhaps the gentle-
man from Kentucky was not aware that the letter
which he wanted was upon record, [Mr. F. re-
ferred to page 17 Senate Documents of that year.]
Here is the letter and the postscript alluded to;
there can be no mistake about it, for it refers to
the renewal of specie payments. He thought it
rather unkind in the gentleman to charge the Sec-
retary with taking a false position, when the record
of it was before the world. He ought to have been
certain of it first. He thought the Secretary could
fully sustain the position he had taken. He thought
if there were an error, it was rather a matter of
inference than of fact.
Mr. CLAY wanted the whole correspondence
at one view.
The resolution was adopted.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, Decemier 18, 1833.
Mr. CARR, of the Committee on Private Land
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Luther L.
Smith; which was read a first and second time,and
committed to a Committee of the Whole House,
and made the order of the day for to-morrow.
Thursday, December 19, 1833.
Mr. CARR, of the Committee on Private Land
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Archibald
Small, of Indiana; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and engrossed for its third reading on
Monday next.
Friday, December 20, 1833.
Mr. CARR, of the Committee on Private Land
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Elijah Lin-
coln; which was read a first and second time, and
committed to a Committee of the Whole House,
and made the order of the day for to-morrow.
A vast amount of damage was done by
the gale of yesterday, which, blowing di-
rectly down the sound and the East river,
accumulated the water at high tide in the
bay, and caused it to encroach upon the
streets in the lower part of the city. Cel-
lars and kitchens were filled, the fires put
out in the stores in the lower part of the
buildings, hogsheads of sugar were spoiled,
barrels of flour, piles of mahogany, and vast
quantities of lumber were floated away.
The damage was not confined to this city.
Brooklyn came in for its share, and at Ho-
boken the wharf erected for the ferry lies
almost in ruins, the meadows are covered
with a sheet of water, and Hoboken Point
is ah island. The Hudson is probably
opened by the storm to Albany. It was
raining at that place on Monday morning.
[New York Evening Post.
King Leopold has appointed a commis-
sion for the encouragement of steam-car-
riages into Belgium. The country, being
almost a perfect plane, is peculiarly well
adapted to this mode of conveyance. Two
have already been started from Brussels—
one of enormous size, capable of exer-
cising 120 horse-power.
