THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
PRINTED   AND   PUBLISHED   AT   THE   CITY   OF   WASHINGTON,   BY^LAIE   &   HIVES".
23d Congress, 1st Sessiok.______________________MONDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1833                                                           Vol. 1 ....No. 4.
IN SENATE
Monday, December 23, 1833.
A message from the President of the United
States was received by the hands of A. J. Donel-
son, Esq , his Private Secretary.
Mr. POINDEXTER. presented the credentials
of the Hon. JOHN BLACK, a Senator elect from
the State of Mississippi
Mr BLACK appeared, was qualified, and took
his seat.
Petitions and memorials were presented by
Messrs FORSYTH, SILSBEE, SHEPLEY,
EWING, BELL, WRIGHT,TYLER, GRUN-
DY, SMITH, KING, of Alabama, ROBINSON,
TIPrON,MOORE,PRESTON.LINN,RIVES,
WÍLKINS, SOUfHARD, ROBBINS, and
CLAY
Mr. KING, of Alabama, submitted the follow-
ing resolution
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af
fairs be directed to inquue into the expedi*ncy of
repealing so much of the law relative to brevet
rank as authorizes the President to confer that
rank on officers who shall have served ten years
in any one grade.
Mr TIPTON, on leave given, introduced a bill
to aid in the construction of roads in the Territory
of Michigan, which was read twice and .referred
to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. PRENTISS submitted the following reso-
lution
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post route fiom Bethel,
through Stockbndge, Pittsfield, and Windsor, to
Rutland, in Vermont
Mr WHITE submitted the following resolu-
tion
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be instructed to inquue into the expediency of le-
stonng to the pension list Mrs Ellen Di £, widow
and relict of the late Dr Dix, who was surgeon
in the Navy of the United States*.
On motion of Mr WHITE, the resolution was
considered, and agreed to.
Mi KING, of Alabama, reported a bill for the
relief of Mountjoy Bailey
On motion of Mi WILKINS, the following res-
olution, offered on Wednesday by Mr MOORE,
was talten up, considered, and agreed to
Resolved, That theSecietary ot War communi-
cate to the feenite the coirespondence between that
Department and the several agents and other pei-
sons who have been employed m the removal, or
in the anangements foi removal, of the Indian
tubes Also, all coirespondence between the De 1
partment and other individuals on the subject of
Indian affairs, including the names of agents oi
other persons who have been emp'oyed in making
Indian treaties, in the removal of Indians, taking
the census of Indians, or in locating the reserva-
tions allowed by treaties to Indians, with a state-
ment of the several sums disbursed by eacn, show-
ing the amount expended, the persons to whom it
has been paid, and the specific services or consid-
eration jvhieh they have been paid
ORDERS OF THE DflY.
The following resolution submitted by Mr
WEBSTER on Thursday last, came up for con-
sideiation
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
passing a law for preventing, as far as may be,
accidents to vessels employed in the foreign or I
coastwise commerce of the United States, from the
explosion of steam                                                 |
Mr WEBSTLR said that thegreat importance
of this subject in us relation to the public wel-
fare had induced him to offer this resolution It
seemed to be the geneial expectation with the
public that the subject would be taken up by Con-
gi ess and efficiently acted on.   The history of the j
4
country for the last three years presented a most
startling list of accidents from explosions by steam,
and the general opinion seemed to be that they
arose, in many instances, from very culpable neg-
ligence, but in some from a more positive criminal
offence than negligence, to wit: steamboat racing.
This was a most unpardonable offence, as tending
immediately to-the destruction of life, by an agent
so salutary and useful when under proper restraint,
but awfully destructive and calamitous when m
inexperienced hands He had no doubt that it was
within the power of Congress to interpose in this
matter. They were licensed commercial vessels,
and it seemed within the general scope of the pow-
ers of Congress to regulate commerce and preserve
the lives and property of our citizens, and unless
the po wei can be exercised by Congress he thought
it could not be by the States He desired to ex-
press no opinion, but it had occurred to him that
a law might be framed having a two-fold character,
to prescribe and regulate the manner in which
steam boilers should be tried,and then to prohibit
the application of more than one half or one third
of the pressure to the boiler which it might be
pronounced capable of sustaining; the regulation
of the safety-valve connected to something without,
by which every one might examine into the de-
gree of pressuie for himself, was also important.
As it was the opinion that culpable negligence was
the chief cause of so many disasters, it seemed
necessary that there should be some provision for
an immediate examination of all the circumstances
whenever they occur, that the collector of the
district ought to take measures to bring the subject
to a judicial investigation, and that no excuse
shoula avail unless it should turn out that the ac-
cident was such as could not have been prevented
even by the greatest degree of skill He was sat-
isfied that there could be no efficient security until
the owner of the boat was brought to feel his re-
sponsibility to the public by a legal provision for
punishment and forfeiture It was within the
principle to look to that as the great remedy, that
when explosions do take place the owneis should
be held responsible, and he was persuaded that
such a provision would put an end to three fourths
of such occurrences As to the punishment im-
posed that is another consideration. As negli-
gence was highly culpable, how much more so
was the system of racing, whether of a boat against
a boat or against time, and in such cases the owner
ought to be punished in a most exemplary man-
nei, together with forfeiture of the boat There
was another thing collisions had been of frequent
occurrence, or boats running foul of each other
Something like a law or rule ought to be adopted
to regulate the course which boats meeting each
othei at night ought to take, and to require them
to be well lighted Complaints, too, had been
frequent of gunpowder beirg carried on board of
steamboats Perhaps that ought to be entirely
prohibited, owing to the terror which prevented
people from going in boats on that account, and
that for that reason gunpowder had been frequently I
shipped on board in disguise He had brought
forvvaid the resolution because so much terror ex
isted in the public mind as greatly to impede that
most comfortable and useful mode of traveling
Mr BENTON said he did not rise to oppose
the resolution—he would give it his hearty sup-
port, as he agreed to everything which he had
heard on the subject He believed that from four
to five thousand lives had been lost in the United
States from such accidents. He was in New
Orleans when the steamboat was blown up on the
Red river, and was informed there that fifty kegs !
of gunpowder was on board that boat atthetime
He had also been told by the captain of a steam-
boat that two hogsheaJs had been shipped on
boaid his boat without his knowing the contents
of them, he had placed them immediately under
the boilers of the boat, and it was not until they
amved safely at then place of destination that f
the captain discovered that they contained gun-
powder.   There was another class of accidents
peculiar to this species of travelling in the West
which ought to be provided against—that of as-
saults and batteries and homicides. He did not
oppose the resolution, but rose merely to say
that, in his view of the subject, the Committee on
the Judiciary, having the judicial affairs of the
country in charge, was the most appropriate com-
mittee to consider this subject. He thought so
because the resolution embraced the jurisdiction
of the private waters of the States, and it seemed
to contemplate an interference with their sov-
ereignty. In the West during high waters
steamboats passed over plantations, and up to the
heads of springs on private property He had
reflected much on this subject with a view to
devise some means of preventing the great evils
complained of, but had always met with diffi-
culties at a time when he thought he had accom-
plished his object. He would say, however, not-
withstanding so many calamitous accidents had
occurred, that his acquaintance with the captains
and owners of boats enabled him to speak of
them as men generally of great skill and high
character, although, to be sure, there were ex-
ceptions. In twelve years' experience in this
mode of travelling he (Mr. B ) had never met
with any accident, and he attributed his good for-
tune solely to the minute inquines he had always
been in the habit of making when he went on
board as to the perfection of the machinery, and
the care and skill of the persons having it in
charge. He moved to amend the resolution so as
to refer it to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr WEBSTER did not know that there was
any standing committee which could appropriately
take charge of it, but he was governed by prece-
dent. A resolution offered a few days since, in
relation to fires on board steamboats, had been
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
he thought this had better take the same course.
It was his purpose to carry the regulations to
boats registered and licensed plying upon the
public waters only.
The motion to amend was disagreed to, and the
resolution was then adopted
The bill to repeal the act commonly called the
" force bill," came up in order.
-   Mr FORSYTH thought if it was the intention
to discuss the bill now that we ought to have the
South Carolina ordinance
Mr CALHOUN said- he wished to move a
postponement of the bill to this day two weeks,
by which time that document should be had, he
accordingly made a motion to that effect, which
was agreed to
Mr POINDEXTER'S resolution for purchas-
ing three daily papers for the use of the Senate
came up in order
Mr FORSYTH did not vnderstand the object
of the resolution
Mi POINDEXTER I wish the papers to be
filed for the puipose of reference by the members
of the Senate
The resolution was adopted on a division—18
to 17
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
KING on Thursday last, was taken up, consid-
ered, and agreed to.
Resohed, That the Committee on Public Lauds
be instructed to inquire into the expediency ot
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
over to the State of Alabama, to be applied to the
construction of a railroad from the Tennessee to
the Alabama river, two per cent of the proceeds
of the sales of the public lands which has been
set apart for making roads to and from said State
under the direction of Congiess
The following resolutions, submitted by Mr.
TIPTON on Thursday last, were taken up, con-
sidered, and agreed to
Resolved, That the Committee on Comme-ce be
, instructed to inquire into the expediency of making
an appropriation for building a light house at the
mouth of the Kalamazoo and Grand rivers, on
