50
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 23,
Lake Michigan, Michigan Territory, and for sur-
veying the bars at the mouths of both these rivers.
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into theexpediency of an ap-
propriation for surveying the flats in Lake St.
Clair, at the mouth of St. Clair river, and also for
removing the Bar, and building a pier, if necessary,
at the mouth of the river Clinton, in Lake St.
Clair, in the Territory of Michigan.
REMOVAL OF THE DEPOSITES.
The consideration of the report of the Secretary
of the Treasury on the removal of the deposites
came up in order.
Mr. CLAY said he regretted he was compelled
to ask for a further postponement of this subject.
The unexampled pressure in the money market
he was aware required some expression on the
part of the Senate with as little delay as possible.
It would be weil recollected that a call had been
made upon the Secretary of the Treasury for cer-
tain papers alluded to in his report; these have not
yet been received; he had supposed that they
■would have been ready by to-day, and that he
should not have been compelled to ask for any
further delay. But as the correspondence alluded
to has not been received, he asked a further post-
ponement until Thursday next.
Mr. FORSYTH said he had no kind of objec-
tion to the postponement. But he would suggest
to the gentleman from Kentucky, that if he would
turn over the printed public documents he would
find aii the correspondence he wanted. He (Mr.
P.) understood that all the gentleman wanted was
to ascertain whether the Secretary had put the
proper construction upon Mr. Crawford's letters.
The call of the gentleman seemed to Mr. F. very
extensive, and he thought it would require more
time to copy it all than was allowed by the pro-
posed postponement.
Mr. CLAY hoped there would be no objection
to the day suggested. The documents alluded to
by thegentleman were in four volumes, and it was
impossible to select out of them the correspondence
referred to. But he would say that he had read
a great portion of it, and he was unable to find in
it a single passage justifying the construction put
on it by the Secretary; but, on the contrary, doc-
trines the very reverse of it. He asked, what was
no more than fair, that the Secretary should state
his own case.
The postponement till Thursday was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. FORSYTH, the bill for the
relief of John A. Webster was laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the Senate then-
went into the consideration of Executive busi-
ness, which occupied their attention to the hour
of adjournment.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 23,1833.
On motion of Mr. FULTON,
Resoloed, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of granting a pension to John Carmack, of
the county of Washington, "Virginia, for services
rendered the United States m and prior to the war
of the Revolution.
On motion of Mr. STEWART,
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of authorizing the application of a part of the an-
nual appropriation under the act of 1824, for sur-
veys, &c, to geological investigations, and to the
formation of a geological map of the United States.
On motion of Mr. FILLMORE,
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of so modifying the existing law in relation to the
militia of the several States, as to permit each
State, in time of peace, in the discretion of its
Legislature, to require no person to bear arms
under 21 or over 40 years of age; and to permit'
the inspection of arms to be taken by companies,
instead of by regiments or battalions; and "also
into the propriety of providing arms and accou-
trements at the public expense for those liable to
bear arms; and that they be required to report to
this House by bill or otherwise. [Mr. F. subset
quently, by unanimous consent, changed the ref-
erence of the foregoing resolution to a select com-
mittee, previously raised on subjects of a similar
character.]
On motion of Mr. McKIM,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of authorizing the clerk of the United
States Supreme Court to receive and transmit all
records, documents, and letters, concerning the
duties of his office, free of postage.
On motion of Mr. DAVENPORT,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be requested to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post route from Wel-
don.in North Carolina, by Charlotte Court-House
and Brook Neal, to Green Hill, in the county of
Campbell, Virginia; also, one ether route from
Green Hill, in the county of Campbell, by Rius
Meeting-House and Spring Garden, to Danville,
in Pittsylvania county, Virginia.
On motion of Mr. BOCKEE,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions.be instructed to inquire into theexpe-
diency of grantjng a pension to Robert Brush, a
soldier of the Revolution.
On motion of Mr. VANCE,
Resolved, That the-deposition of Josiah Smith
and others, relative to the loss of a horse while he
was in the service of the United States, and for
which he claims compensation from the Govern-
ment, be referred to the Committee of Claims.
On motion of Mr. McKAY,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
making an appropriation for the building of a
marine hospital in or near Wilmington, North
Carolina.
On motion of Mr. PINCKNEY,
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
making remuneration to Lieutenant E. R. Shu-
brick, of the United States Navy, for certain
expenses incurred by him during the period he
commanded the United States ship Vincennes in
the West Indies, and that the memorial of Lieu-
tenant Shubrick, with the accompanying papers,
presented at the last session of Congress, and now
on file in the office of the Clerk of the House, be
committed to said committee.
On motion of Mr. TOMPKINS,
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of making an appropriation for the improve-
ment of the navigation of Big Barren river, in the
State of Kentucky, and that said committee report
by bill or otherwise.
On motion of Mr. DUNLAP,
Resolved, That the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post route from the
town of Pen-yville, in the county of Perry, State
of Tennessee, to the town of Reynoldsburg,in the
same State.
Resolved, That the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post route from An-
trim, of Van Buren, in the county of Hardiman,
State of Tennessee, by Nubbin Ridge, Simpson's
Bridge, on the Hatchee river, Cypress, Cham-
bers'Store, Wolf's Ferry,on theTennessee river,
to Lilley's, on the stage road from Florence, Ala-
bama, to Savannah, Tennessee.
On motion of Mr. EWING,
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of providing by law for the payment of half-pay
pensions to the widows and orphans of those offi-
cers and soldiers of the late six companies of
mounted rangers who died while in the line of
their duty on the northwestern frontier.
Mr. EVERETT submitted the following reso-
lution, which, by a rule of the House, lies on the
table one day:
Resolved, (if the Senate concur therein,) That
when the two Plouses of Congress' adjourn to-
morrow, they adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. POLK said it was unusual to adopt a course
of this kind. The usage had been for each House,
during Christmas week, to adjourn to the third
day from the day preceding Christmas. He did
not expect that the House would do much busi- j
ness during this week, but he hoped it would do
some business,                                                      |
Mr. EVERETT said it had been usual, when
Christmas occurred on Wednesday, to adjourn
over to the following Monday. At this stage of
the session it was not usual for the House to sit
on Saturdays.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, moved
that the resolution lie on,the table indefinitely.
Mr. FOOT suggested that the resolution must,
according to the rule, lie one day, and claimed the
enfotcement of the rule; but subsequently.with-
drew it, at the request of several members, who
wished the sense of the House to be taken at once
upon the adjournment.
"Mr. POLK renewed the call for the application,
of the rule, and the joint resolution lies accordingly
on the table for one day.
On motion of Mr. WHITE, of Louisiana,
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency and
justice of granting to the State of Louisiana, in aid
of internal improvements, the same extentof land
which has heretofore been granted by Congress to
other western States, and particularly to the State
of Alabama.
On motion of Mr. LEAVITT,
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire into theexpediency
of refunding to James Maley a sum erroneously
paid by him to the marshal of the district of Ohio,
in the purchase of certain real estate sold by said
marshal upon an execution issued at the suit of
the United States.
On motion of Mr. BELL, of Ohio,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a mail route from
Cambridge, in Guernsey county, Ohio, through
Liberty in said county, to Plainfield, in Coshocton
county.
On motion of Mr. STAND1FER,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
arfd Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
^expediency of establishing a mail route from Dal-
las, in Hamilton county,'Tennessee, to Ashville,
in the state of Alabama, passing through Wills's
Valley.
On motion of Mr. CLAY,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims be instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of establishing an agency for the payment
of pensions at th*e branch of the Bank of the State
of Alabama in Decatur.
On motion of Mr. LYON, of Kentucky,
Resolved, ThatthejCommitteeon the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post road from
Wadesboro', Kentucky, by Humility, to the
mouth of Sandy, Tennessee.
On motion of Mr. SLADE, of Illinois,
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into theexpediency of au-
thorizing the relinquishment of the sixteenth sec-
tions reserved for the use of schools in the State
of Illinois, in all cases where the same is barren
and unproductive, and the selection and entry of
others in lieu thereof.
On motion of Mr. ASHLEY/
Resolved, That the Committee on Claims be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of allowing
to Morris James, or his legal representatives, com-
pensation for wood cut and taken away from his
land by the troops of the United States.
On motion of Mr. HANNEGAN,
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the esf>edienc>
of donating to the State of Indiana each aiternat
section heretofore reserved to the United States b>
the act of March 2,1827, for the purpose of ensur-
| ing a speedy completion of the said canal, under a
| provision that, if the same be accepted by the State
i of Indiana, the work shall, after its completion,
j become forever a free and public highway for all
| the citizens of the United States and the trans-
[ portation of their property, subject to the collection
¡ of no higher amount of toll or other charge than
I will be sufficient to keep said canal in properrepair.
On motion of Mr. EVERETT, of Vermont,'
] Resolved, That the Committee of Ways ana
! Means be instructed to inquire into the expediency
I of refunding to Jesse Gove a sum of money paid, in
1814, by mistake to the district attorney for th*
1 Vermont district, for the use of the United States
