54                                     THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                            Dec. 26,
completed," should be, and forever remain, a pub-
lic highway for the use of the Government of the
United States, free from any toll or other charge
for any property of the United States or persons
in their service passing through the same," and a
further proviso "that the canal should be com-
menced by said State within five, and completed
within twenty-five years." Now, therefore, as
the State of Indiana has accepted the grant, and
in good faith commenced the execution of the work
under all the provisions of the several acts referred
to, and the same is a work entirely national in its
character, and its completion an object of general
interest—
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of donating to the State of Indiana each alternate
section heretofore reserved to the United States
by the act of March 2, 1827, for the purpose of
ensuring a speedy completion of the said canal,
under a proviso that if the same be accepted by the
State of Indiana the work shall, after its comple-
tion, become forever a free and public highway for
all the citizens of the United States, and the trans-
portation of their property, subject to the collec-
tion of no higher amount of toll or charge than
will be suffic.ent to keep the said canal in proper
repair.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 26, 1833.   .
A bill for the relief of Mountjoy Bailey ujas read
a third time, and, on motion of Mr. WRIGHT,
laid on the table.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Lin.v on Tuesday, was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
making a grant of land to the widow and heirs of
the late Felix St. Vrain, who was killed by the
Indians in the late disturbance in the northwest.
PUBLIC DEPOSITES.
The VICE PRESIDENT having announced
the orders of the day to be the consideration of the
report of the Secretary of the Treasury upon the
removal of the deposites,
Mr. CLAY said, as he was desirous of avoiding
any interruption upon the question of order, he
would submit the following resolutions:
1.  Resolved, That, by dismissing the late Secre-
tary of the Treasury because he would not, con-
trary to his sense of his own duty, remove the
money of the United States in deposite with the
Bank of the United States and its branches, in
conformity with the President's opinion; and by
appointing his successor to effect such removal,
which has been done, the President has assumed
the exercise of a power over the Treasury of the
United States not granted to him by theCpnstitu- J
lion and laws, and dangerous to the liberties of |
the people.                                                           !
2.  Resolved, That the reasons assigned by the
Secretary of the Treasury for the removal of the
money of the United States deposited in the Bank
of the United States and its branches, communi-
cated to Congress on the third day of December,
1833, are unsatisfactory and insufficient.
The resolutions being before the Senate,
Mr. CLAY said, we are in the midst of a revo-
lution, which, although bloodless,yet we are rap-
idly advancing to a concentration of all the powers
of Government in the hands of one man. By the
exercise of the powers assumed by the President
of the United States in his letter to his Cabinet,
the powers of Congress are paralyzed, except
where they are in compliance with his own will.
These powers he had exercised in repeated in-
stances, by withholding his signature from bills
involving no constitutional questions, which had
been passed by both Houses, and even where
that had been done by the most unusual unanim-
ity. The power of the Senate, which was in-
tended by the Constitution as a most salutary
control over the President, had become an idle
ceremony. How often (said Mr. C.) have we
felt the injustice of the power of removal. How
often have we said among ourselves that the office
could not remain vacant, but must be filled by
someone. The powers of the judiciary, too, had
not escaped the prevailing rage for innovation—
the sanctity of treaties had been disregarded.   In
our relations with the Indians their rights had
been violated, and the privileges of the aborigines
of our soil had been trampled in the dust. Our
public domain, the richest that ever fell to the lot
of any nation on earth, had been threatened with
sacrifice. Our currency had been menaced with
disorder and confusion. The American system,
at the last session of Congress, had only been
snatched from deátruction, and now we have been
coolly told, by the Secretary of the Treasury, that
a tariff only for the protection of our industry
was to be abandoned. If the progress of innova-
tion should continue unarrested to the year 1837,
we shall, in a little term of years, less than that
employed in the achievement of our independence,
have changed our Government. He did not desire
to give an undue coloring to the melancholy pic-
ture, for melancholy it was, but he would implore
the people of the country and the Senate calmly
to view it and to apply the remedy which the
emergency seemed to require. It was not the
least unpleasant symptom prevailing abroad that
good men of all parties were giving themselves up
to despondency. Feelings of distrust and want
of confidence were prevailing; he hoped, however,
that spirits and confidence would revive. There
was room for patriotic vjgor, none for despair. If
our ancestors had yielded to despair we would
never have attained that liberty which we are
now enjoying. It was in the memorable years
1776-'77 that our country was covered with dark-
ness; it was a most remarkable epoch, and re-
markably similar to the present time. He would
observe, that this day fifty-seven years ago, a
man who was most truly called the Father of his
Country, had achieved a most glorious victory—
a striking coincidence; but he had gone; and let
us hope that the superintending Power which con-
tributed to that result will interpose some happy
deliverance from the dangers with which our
country seems threatened. When (said Mr. C.)
we assembled here this time last year, the most
dreadful forebodings had entered the public mind.
I On one side civil war appeared to be impending,
and on the other we seemed threatened with the
immediate destruction of our most cherished policy.
Congress proved able to avert these calamities,
and he would be wofully disappointed if those
who then differed from us and were mistaken in
their views, shall not now be found among the
foremost in arresting the progress of Executive
encroachment. Up to the period of the termina-
tion of the last session of Congress the power of
Congress over the Treasury of the country had
neyer been contested.
Among the earliest acts of Congress, in Septem-
l ber, 1780, was one passed to guard the public
Treasury. He begged leave to call the attention of
the Senate for a moment to some of its provisions.
It was "An act to establish the Treasury Depart-
ment," and was altogether unlike any of the acts
placing the other Departments under the Executive
direction. [Here Mr. C. read extracts at length
from the law.] Prior to the establishment of the
present Bank of the United States there was no
Treasury designated by law for keeping the money
of the United States, for the clause in the present
bank charter was not in the charter of the old
bank. The Treasury of the United States he
took to be that place where the moneys of the
people were kept—the buildings erected for that
purpose was the Treasury. By designating the
Bank of the United States and its branches as the
I depository of the public moneys, Congress had
made the bank and its branches, for the time.bem°-,
the Treasury of the United States. Sir, said he,
the safety of this treasure or the public deposites
in that institution, was drawn in question for the
first time by the President of the United States.
Prior to the last session the President appointed
an agent to scrutinize and examine into the affairs
of the Bank of the United States. That agent
diligently and faithfully performed his duty, and
reported that the treasure of the country was per-
fectly safe in its guardianship. But the President
was not yet satisfied, and threw out opinions in
his next message which induced the appointment
of a committee, who made a most diligent and
laborious investigation, and reported, as the result,
, that the moneys were safe, and the report was
followed by a resolution of Congress to that effect.
After all this, who could have supposed that a
change would have been ordered? Who could
have supposed that sixty days before the meeting
of Congress the President of the United States
would have ordered a removal of the deposites
from the Bank of the United States ? Who would
have dreamed that the Treasurer of the United
States should have thrown away the key, over
which Congress and he alone had the control,
and selected some dozens of keys of treasuries,
over which Congress had no control ? Yet all this
had been done! If we could suppose that the
Chief Magistrate desired to possess unlimited con-
trol over the Treasury of the country, (hesuspect-
ing no such thing of the President, but supposing
such a thing,) what would he do ? He would first
throw out suspicions that the moneys of the coun-
try were not safe, and finally sieze hold of them,
and say they were not safe there, but they are
perfectly safe in my hands. And now all this
having been done, it became the solemn duty of
the Senate to inquire, 1st, by whose authority it
had been done; and 2d, if the act was done in
accordance with the Constitution and laws of the
United States. There was one thing, however,
in which Mr. C. could agree with the President
of the United States, and that was in regard to the
Í importance of this question. [Here Mr. C. read
exjracts from the paper read by the President to
the Cabinet.] In his view, Mr. C. said, the bank
was as nothing compared with the principles in-
volved. However faithful it had been in the per-
formance of its duties, (and he believed it had been
perfectly so,) however successful it had been in
regulating and establishing a sound currency, and
in promptly meeting all its engagements, and
intimately as the best interests of the country were
blended with its prosperity, yet all these were of
minor importance in comparison with the Execu-
tive power assumed by the President in that paper.
This assumption affects the very existence and
control of the Government in its grasping at the
public purse of the country.
Entertaining these views he should not, to-day,
examine into the reasons of the President or Sec-
retary for the removal of the deposites. For, if
the Secretary was clothed with no power to do the
act, no matter how urgent the necessity for it might
seem, no reasons could justify the commission of
an unconstitutional and an illegal act. The first
question, then, which presented itself wag, by
whose decision the removal had been made ? And
was there any man here, within reach of his voice,
who required proof of that? It was a matter of
universal notoriety. Did any man doubt that it
was done by the President of the United States?
The President himself had furnished conclusive
evidence of the fact. Although he had refused
the Senate a copy of the paper, yet it had been
given to the world, and Mr. C. hoped that Sen-
ators would avail themselves of all it contained, and
he believed it would be conclusive. That was a
paper of a most extraordinary character. The
Constitution of the United States admits that caite
may be made upon the heads of Departments in
writing; but the President, not satisfied with the
power given to him in the Constitution, reads a
paper to his Cabinet, with a view to indoctrinate
them into his views and principles. It was the
first time a paper had been read to the Cabinet and
published to the world; it was a most unprece-
dented proceeding. Those in power seemed
inclined to hold their opponents in contempt; but
although disregarding them, yet they seemed dis-
posed to retreat behind the influence of precedent
, when it was sufficient to avail them. But he would
¡ inquire again, who had transferred the public
| deposites of the country from the place where
j Congress declared they should be kept to places
where Congress as especially declared they should
not be kept? And here he would tell gentlemen
that he was not to be amused with a reply that it
was by an order signed R. B. Taney. He did not
look to the hangman as accountable for the inflic-
tion of death, but to the tribunal sanctioning it;
not to who removed the deposites, but by whose
order, by whose command, it had been done.
After reading the following extract from the
paper read by the President to his Cabinet:
" In the remarks he has made on this all-import-
'ant question, he trusts the Secretary of the
' Treasury wili see only the frank and respectful
1 declarations of the opinions which the President
