1833.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
55
' has formed on a measure of great national m-
' terest, deeply affecting the character and useful-
« ness of his Administration; and not a spirit of
' dictation, which the President would be as careful
' to avoid as ready to resist. Happy will he be if
' the facts now disclosed produce uniformity of
' opinion and unity of action among the members
' of the Administration"—
Mi. C. said: Sir, how kind, how genial, how
gracious, must these expressions have sounded m
the eai s of the Secretary of the Treasury. It re-
minded him of a historical anecdote of Oliver
Cromwell. While that remarkable man was con-
tending for the mastery of Great Britain he be-
sieged a Catholic town. The place made a stout
resistance, but in the end being likely to be taken,
the Catholics proposed terms of capitulation, stip-
ulating for the toleration of their religion. The
paper containing the terms was brought to Oliver,
■whoexclaimed, "Granted, certainly, butifanyof
the Catholics shall be found attending mass they
*Bhall be hanged " Thus the Secretary is told very
mildly by the President that he has not the slight-
est wish to dictate—nothing is further from his
wishes; but what does he say in the sequel' ''If
you do not obey my orders, why you go out of
office." And what then follows' This docu-
ment, which Mr. C. considered imperative upon
the Secretary, is dated 18th September. He read
from the official paper of the Government of the
20th September:
" We are authorized to state that the deposites
' of the public money will be changed from the
' Bank of the United States to the State banks as
'soon as necessary arrangements can be made for
' that purpose, and that it is believed they can be
' completed in Baltimore, Philadelphia, Neve York,
'and Boston, in time to make the change by the
'first of October, and pet haps sooner, if circum-
' stances should render an earlier action necessary
'on the part of the Government "
We find, then, said Mr C , that the measure
was determined on on the 18th September, to
take place on the firbt of October. Mr Duane is
dismissed on the23d,and between the 23d and
26th Mr. Taney signs the order which goes forth
for the removal of the deposites. On this point
the evidence is conclusive in the President's let-
ter to that gentleman, dated 23d, which concludes
by saying, that "your further services as Secre-
tary of the Treasury are no longer required "
Now, such is the testimony on one side of this
question to prove that the removal of the depos-
ites was determined on by the President against
the will of the Secretary, and while he was still m
office; and although Mr. Taney signed the order
on the 2Gth, it was issued in conformity with the
previous determination of the President Mr C
said he would now call the attention of the Senate
to the testimony of the other party. He would
not read the whole of Mr. Duane's address, but it
concluded as follows:
"Thus I was thrust into office; thus was I
'thrust from office, not because I had neglected
'any duty; not because I had differed with the
'President on any other point of public policy;
' not because I had differed with him about the
' Bank of the United States, but because I re
' fused, without further inquiry or action by Con-
'gress, to remove the deposites "
Can testimony be more complete to establish
the proposition that these deposites were removed
by the authority of the President, and that it is
his act alone? Is it possible, from a review of the
testimony on both sides, that any man can doubt
it was done in accordance with his commands'
And now, having seen that the removal was by
command of the President, let us inquire next
whether the authority assumed is in conformity
with the Constitution of the United States He
would not mqune into the reasons given for th's
act, except so far as they set up an authority for
the exercise of this power If he possesses no
power it is useless to look for the exercise of a
power which he does not possess What power,
then, has the President over the Treasury' Is it
in the bank charter' Let us advert to it That
part of it relating to the deposites declares—
" That the deposites of the money of the United
' States in places which the said bank and branches
' thereof may be established, shall be made in
' said bank or branches thereof, unless the fcsecre-
' tary of the Treasury shall at any time otherwise
' order and direct; in which case the Secretary of
' the Treasury shall immediately lay before Con-
' gress, if in session, and, if not, immediately after
' the commencement of the next session, the rea-
' sons of such order or direction."
This clause is in strict consonance with the char-
acter of the Treasury Department, as organized
m the year '89 The Secretary is by that act re-
quired to make annual reports on the state of the
finances, as the agent of Congress. And if he un-
dertakes to remove the Government deposites from
the place designated by law as the depository, he
is to report his reasons. To whom' Why to
Congress. By the charter of the bank the Presi-
dent is clothed with two powers in relation to it,
the appointment of the Government directors, and
the issuing of a scire facias, when he shall believe
the charter has been violated. These are the only
powers given him, all others are denied him, and
are delegated to others. The weekly statements
of the bank are to be made to the Secretary of the
Treasury, and when anything further shall be ne-
cessary, the appointment of a committee of inves-
tigation by Congress is authorized. The powers
of the President are restricted to the appointment
of the Government directors and the issuing of
the scire facias Has the President, then, any
powers over the Treasury given him by theConsti-
tion of the United States' None. The Consti-
tution is express, that no money shall be drawn
from the Treasury except by authority of appio-
pnations made by law. But the President says,
"upon him has been devolved, by the Constitu-
' tion and the suffrages of the American people,
' the duty of superintending the operation of the
' executive departments of the Government, and
' seeing that the laws are faithfully executed "
In another part of this same paper the President
refers to the suffrages of the American people in
approbation of his opinions. Mr. C thought
differently from him on that point. When the
American people reelected him they thereby ex
pressed no approbation of all his opinions. It
¡ could not be that the State of Pennsylvania, so
appropriately termed the key-stone of the Fedeial
arch, intended to reverse their own opinions so
repeatedly expressed through their representatives
in favor of the bank and domestic industry. But
the President says " the duty has devolved upon
him to remove the deposites by the suffrages of
the Amenccn people." Why does he say that the
suffrages of the American people devolved upon
him the duty of superintending the interests of the
American people' There is no colorín the Con-
stitution foi that idea The laws have established
the several executive departments, and the heads
of them are required to execute duties given them
i from time to time, under the direction of the Pres-
ident But there are many duties to be performed
I by these officers over which the President has no
I control and no right to interfere with. This was
no new case. Thirty-two years ago the Supreme
| Court of the United States, in deciding a case—
" Barbary and Madison"—-delivered these senti-
ments.
" By the Constitution of the United States the
' President is invested with certain important polit-
' ical powers, in the exercise of which he is to use
' his own discretion, and is accountable only to his
' countryin his political character, and to his own
' conscience. To aid him in the performance of
! ' these duties he is authorized to appoint certain
| ' offieers.who act by his author'ty, and in conform-
'lty with his orders. In such cases their acts
'are his acts, and whatever opinion may be enter
' tamea of the manner in which Executive discre-
| ' tion may be used, still there exists, and can exist,
' no power to control that discretion The subjects
j ' are political. They respect the nation, not mdl-
' vidual rights, and being'mtrusted to the Execu-
' tive, the decision of the Executive is conclusive
«The application of this remark would be per-
' ceived by adverting to the act of Congress fof
' establishing the Department of Foreign Affaiis
' This officer, as his duties were prescribed by
' that act, is to conform precisely to the will of the
' Piesident. He is the mere organ by whom that
• will is communicated The acts of such an offi-
' cer, as an officer, can never be examinable by the
' courts
I      "But when the Legislature proceeds to impose
' on that officer other duties; when he is directed
' peremptorily to perform certain asts; (that is,
' when he is not placed under the dnection of the
'President;) when the rights of individuals are
' dependent on the performance of those acts, he
' is so far the officer of the law; is amenable to the
' laws for his conduct, and cannot, at his discretion,
' sport away the vested rights of others.
"The conclusion from this reasoning is, that
' where the heads of Departments are the political
' or confidential agents of the Executive, merely to
' execute the will of the President, or rather to act
'in cases in which the Executive possesses a con-
' stitutional or legal discretion, nothing can be
' more perfectly clear than that their acts are only
'politically examinable. But whtre a specific duty
' is assigned by law, and individual rights depend
' upon the performance of that duty, it seems
' equally clear that the individual who considera
' himself injured has a right to resort to the laws
' of his country for a remedy "
Although the President is mistaken in saying
that the Constitution devolves upon the President
the duty of superintending the Departments, yet
he has recited one clause in that instrument in
which he is right. It is that making it his duty
to see that the laws are faithfully executed, and
under this provision the most enormous preten-
sions are set up for the President.
It has been contended that if a law shall pass
w"hich the President does not conceive to be in
conformity with the Constitution, he is not bound
to execute it; and if a treaty shall have been made
which, in his opinion, has been unconstitutional
in its stipulations, he is not bound to enforce them.
And it necessarily follows, that if the courts of
justice shall give a decision which he shall in like
manner deem repugnant to the Constitution, he is
not expected or bound to execute that law. Sir,
let us look a little into this principle, and trace it
out into some of its consequences.
One of the most important acts performed at the
epartments is to settle those very large accounts
which individuals have with the Government; ac-
counts amounting to millions of dollars; to settle
them, an Auditor and a Comptroller have been ap-
pointed by law, whose official acts may affect, to
the extent of hundreds of thousands of dollars, the
property of individual contractors. If the preten-
sions of the President are well founded his power
goes further than he has exerted it. He may go
into the office of the Auditor, or the office of the
Comptroller, and may say to him: Sir, Mr. A. B.
has an account under settlement in this office, one
item of which, objected to by you, I consider to
be in accordance with the Constitution; pass that
account and send it to the Auditor; and he may
then go to the Auditor and hold similar language.
If the clause of theConstitution is to be expounded,
as is contended for, it amounts to a complete ab-
sorption of all the powers of Government in the
person of the Executive. Sir, when a doctrine like
this shall be admitted as orthodox, when it shall
be acquiesced in by the people of this country, our
Government will have become a simple machine
enough The will of the President will be the
whole of it There will be but one bed, and that
will be the bea of Procrustes, but one will, the
will of the President. All the Departments, and
all subordinate functionaries of Government, great
or small, must submit to that will; and if they do
not, then the President will have failed to " see
that the laws are faithfully executed."
Sir, such an extravagant and enormous preten-
sion as this must be set alongside of its exploded
compeer, the pretension that Congress has the
power of passing any and all laws which it may
suppose conducive to "the general welfare "
Let me, in a few words, present to the Senate
what are my own views as to the structure of
this Government.    I  hold  that no powers can
legitimately be exercised under it but such as are
expressly delegated, and those which are necessai y
1 to carry these into  effect     Sir, the  Executive
powei, as existing in this Government, is not to
be traced to the notions of Montesquieu, or of any
I other writer of that class, in the abstract nature
I of the Executive power     Neither is the legisla-
tive nor the judicial power to be decided by any
such reference     These several powers with us,
whatever they may be elsewhere, are just what the
Constitution has made them, and nothing more.
