1838.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
57
worse off under such laws (however exceptionable
they might be) than we are now. We could then,
sir, have reviewed the laws, and seen whether
Congress or the President had properly an y power
over this matter, or whether the article of the Con-
stitution which forbids that the press shall be
touched, and declares that religion shall be sacred
from all the powersof legislation, applied in the
case or not. This the President has undertaken
to do of himself, without the shadow of authority,
either in the Constitution or the laws..
Suppose, sir, that this contumacious institution,
which committed the great sin in 1829 of not ap-
pointing a new president to a certain one of its
branches—suppose that the bank should go on and
vindicate itself against the calumnies poured out'
upon it—that it should continue to stand upon its
defence, how inefficient will have been the exercise
of power by the President! How inadequate to
the end he had in view of preserving the press
from being madeuseof to defend the bank! Why,
sir, if-we had had the power, and the President
had come to us, we could have laid Mr. Nicholas
Biddle by the heels if he should have undertaken
to publish another report of General Smith or Mr.
McDuff IE, or another speech of the eloquent gen-
tleman near me, [Mr. Webster,] or any other
such libels tending to bring the President or his
administration into disrepute. But the President
of the United States, who thought he had the bank
in his power, who thought he could ¡Hop it, who
was induced to believe, by that " influence behind
the throne greater than itself, "that he could break
down the bank at a word, has only shown his
want of power over the press by his attempt to
exercise it in the manner he has done. The bank
has avowed and openly declared its purpose to de-
fend itself on all suitable occasions. And, what is
still more provoking, instead of being a bankrupt,
as was expected, with its doors closed, and its
vaults inaccessible, it has now, it seems, got more
money than it knows what to do with; and this"
greatest of misers and hoarders cruelly refuses to I
let out a dollar of its ten millions of specie to ;
relieve the sufferings of the banks to which the
Government depositfs have been transferred.
Sir, the President of the United States has noth-
ing to do with the morals of the community. No,
sir; for the preservation of our morals we are
responsible to God, and I trust that that responsi-
bility will ever remain to Him and his mercy alone.
Neither had the President anything to do with
the freedom of the press. The power over it is
denied even to Congress by the people. It was
said by one of those few able men and bright
luminaries whom Providence has yet spared to us,
in answer to complaints by a foreign minister,
against the freedom with which the American press
treated certain French functionaries, that the press
was one of those concerns which admitted of no
regulation by the Government; that its abuses
must be tolerated lest its freedom should be
abridged. Such, sir, is the freedom of the press,
as recognized by our Constitution, and so it has
been respected ever since the repeal of the obnox-
ious act which 1 have already quoted, until the
detestable principles of that law have been reas-
serted by the President in his assumption of a
power in nowise belonging to his office, of pre-
serving the purity of the press.
Such, sir, are the powers on which the Presi- ]
dent relies to justify his seizure of the Treasury of Í
the United States.    I have examined them one by :
one, and they all fail, utterly fail, to bear out the j
act.   We are irresistibly brought to the conclu- i
sion that the removal of the public money from |
the Bank of the United States has been effected by i
the displacement from the head of the Treasury
Department of one who would not remove them,
and putting in his stead another person who would;
and, secondly, that the President has no color of
authority in the Constitution or the laws for the |
act which he has undertaken to perform.                  I
Let us now, said Mr. C, for a few moments !
examine the consequences which may ensue from
the exercise of this enormous power. If the Presi-
dent has authority in a case in which the law has
assigned a specific duty exclusively to a designated
officer to control the exercise of his discretion by
that officer, he has a right to interfere in every
other case, and remove every one from office who
hesitates to do his bidding against his judgment
of his own duty. This, surely, is a logical deduc-
tion not to be resisted. Well, then, how stands
the matter ? Recapitulating the provisions of the
law prescribing how money should be drawn from
the Treasury, and the deduction above stated,
what, asked Mr. Clay, is to prevent the President
from going to the Comptroller, and, if he will not
countersign a warrant which he has found an
accommodating Secretary to sign, turning him out
for another; then going to the Register, and doing
he same; and then to the Treasurer, and com-
manding him to pay over the money expressed in
the warrant, or subject himself to expulsion ?
Where is the security against such conduct on
the part of the President ? Where the boundary
to this tremendous authority which he has under-
taken to exercise ? Sir, every barrier around the
Treasury is broken down. From the moment that
the President said, "I make this measure my
own—I take upon myself the responsibility, "from
that moment the public Treasury might as well
have been at the Hermitage as at this place. Sir,
the measure adopted by the President is without
precedent—in our day at least. There is, indeed,
a precedent on record, but you must go down to
the Christian era for it. It will be recollected by
those who are conversant with ancient history,
that after Pompey was compelled to retire to
Brundusium, Caesar, who had been anxious to
give him battle, returned to Rome, " having re-
duced Italy (says the historian) in sixty days—
[the exact period, sir, between the removal of the
deposites and the meeting of Congress, without
theusual allowance of three days'grace]—in sixty
days, without bloodshed." The historian goes
on: " Finding the city in a more settled condition
than he expected, and many Senators there, he
addressed them in a mild and gracious manner,
[as the President did the late Secretary of the
Treasury,] and desired them tó send deputies to
Pompey, with an offer of honorable terms of
peace, &c. As Metellus, the Tribune, opposed his
taking money out of the public treasury, and cited
some laws against it—[such, sir, I suppose, as I
have endeavored to cite on this occasion]—Ccesar
said, ' Arms and laws do not flourish together.
If you are not pleased at what I am about, you
have only to withdraw. [Leave the office, Mr.
Duane!] War, indeed, will not tolerate much
liberty of speech. When I say this I am renoun-
cing my own right, for you and all those whom I
have found exciting a spirit of faction against me,
are at my disposal.' Having said this, he ap-
proached the doors of the Treasury, and as the
keys were not produced, he sent for workmen to
break them open. Metellus again opposed him,
and gained credit with some for his firmness; but
Caesar, with an elevated voice, threatened to put
him to death if he gave him any further trouble.
'And you know very well, young man,'said he,
' that this is harder for me to say than to do.' Me-
tellus, terrified by the menace, retired; and Caesar
was, afterwards, easily and readily supplied with
everything necessary for the war."
And where now, sir, is the public Treasury!
Who can tell ? It is certainly without a local hab-
itation, if it be not without a name. And where
is the money of the people of the United States?
Floating about in Treasury drafts on checks to the
amount of millions, placed in the hands of totter-
ing banks to enable them to pay their own debts,
instead of being appropriated to the service of the
people. These checks are scattered to the winds
by the Treasurer of the United States, who is re-
quire^ by law to let out money from theTreasury,
on warrants signed by theSecretary of theTreas-
ury, countersigned, registered, &c, and not other-
wise.
Mr. C. here referred to a correspondence, which
he quoted, between the Treasurer and the officers
of the bank, complaining of these checks drawn
without propernotice,&c, in which the Treasurer
says they were only issued to be used in certain
contingencies, &c. Thus, sir, said Mr. C, the
people's money is put into a bank here, and a
bank there, in regard to the solvency of which
we know nothing, and it is placed there to be used
in the event of certain contingencies—contingen-
cies of which neither the Treasurer nor the Secre-
! tary have yet deigned to furnish us any account.
|     Where was the oath of office of the Treasurer,
when he ventured thus to sport with the people's
money? Where was the Constitution which for-
bids money to be drawn from the Treasury without
appropriation by ¡aw? Where was the Treas-
urer's bond when he thus cast about the people's
money? Sir, said Mr. C, his bond is forfeited.
I do not pretend to any great knowledge of the
law, but give mean intelligent and unpacked jury,
and I will undertake to prove to them that he has
forfeited the penalty of his bond.
Mr. President, said Mr. C, the people of the
United States are indebted to thePresident for the
boldness of this movement; and as one among
the humblest of them I profess my obligations to
him. He has told the Senate, in his message re-
fusing an official copy of his Cabinet paper, that
it has been published for the information of the
people; as a part of the people the Senate, if not
in their official character, have a right to its use.
In that extraordinary paper he-has proclaimed
that the measure is his own; and that he has taken
upon himself the responsibility of it. In plain
English, he has proclaimed an open, palpable,and
daring usurpation!
For more than fifteen years, Mr. President, I
have been struggling to avoid the present state of
things. I thought I perceived in some proceed-
ings during the conduct of the Seminole war a
i spirit of defiance to the Constitution and to all
law. With what sincerity and truth, with what
earnestness and devotion to civil liberty I have
struggled, the Searcher of all human hearts best
knows. With what fortune, the bleeding Consti-
tution of my country now fatally attests.
I have, nevertheless, persevered; and under
every discouragement, during the short time that
I expect to remain in the public councils, I will
persevere. And if a bountiful Providence wotild
allow an unworthy sinner to approach the throne
of grace, I would beseech him as the greatest favor
he could grant to me here below to spare me until
I live to behold the people, rising in their majesty,
I with a peaceful and constitutional exercise of their
I power, to expel the Goths from Rome; to rescue
' the public Treasury from pillage; to preserve the
Constitution of "the United States; to uphold the
Union against the danger of the concentration and
consolidation of all power in the hands of the
Executive, and to sustain the liberties of the peo-
ple of this country against the imminent perils to
which they now stand exposed.
At-half past two o'clock Mr. CLAY gave way
to a motion by Mr. EWING, that when the Sen-
ate adjourns, it will adjourn until Monday next.
The VICE PRESIDENT observed that the
motion would require the unanimous consent of
the Senate, as the subject was not concluded.
Mr. BENTON said he objected to the motion.
Mr. EWING then moved to postpone thefurther
consideration of the question till Monday next;
which was carried—ayes 26, noes not counted.
On motion of-Mr. EWING, the Senate then
adjourned to that day.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, December 27, 1833.
Mr. MASON, of Maine, appeared, was quali-
! fied, and took his seat.
After the presentation of petitions,
On motion of Mr. WATMOUGH,
Resolved, That a committee be appointed to in-
quire into the expediency of equalizing the com-
pensation of tiie officers of the Army and Navy,
and fixing the amount of compensation by law,
instead of allowances now made by the Depart-
ment. [The committee was ordered to consist of
five ]
|     On motion of Mr. PINCKNEY,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of granting relief to the legal heirs and repre-
sentatives of Major Alexander Garden,deceased,
and that their petition, with the accompanying
documents, now on file in the office of the Clerk,
be committed to that committee.
On motion of Mr. STEWART,
Resolved, That  the Committee  of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire into the expediency
oi making an appropriation to pay the salary and
disbursements of Valentine Geisey, as late super-
' intendent of the Cumberland road.
