58
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 27.
_ Oa motion of Mr. FOSTER,
*~ Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of placing the nwcae of Stephen Oatlm, of Green
county, State of Georgia, on the invalid pension
roll, and that the papers herewith submitted be
- referíed to said committee.
On motion of Mr. GAMBLE,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be inslructed to wqune into the
expediency of establishing a post route from
Wanesborough, in Burke county, through Louis-
ville and Sandersville, to Miliedgeville.
On motion of Mr. GILLET,
Resolved, That the report made to the Legisla-
ture of the State of New York by the Committee
on the Militia and the Public Defence, together
with the resolutions passed by the said Legisla-
ture at its last session on that subject, which have
been officially transmitted to the representatives
fiom the said State, be referred to the Select Com-
mittee on thS Militia
Mi. CHILTON submitted the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of so extending the provisions of the act of
Congiess, passed 7th June, 1832, granting pen-
sions to ceitain classes of troops theiein named,
as to embrace in its provisions those who were
engaged in the wars against the Indians subsequent
to the close of the revolutionaiy wai, and down
to the treaty of Grenville, with leave to íepoit by
bill or otherwise.
Mr WARD WELL suggested that the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Pensions had no concern
with services rendeied subsequent to the Revolu-
tion.
Mr. HARDIN would be glad, he said, if his
colleague would bung the time down to 1794
He had intended, before he left home, to bung this
subject before Congress. The western lands were
brought into market, and were settled in 1780, and
from that peuod till the treaty of ¿783, the settleis
were exposed to the hostilities both of the north-
ern and southern Indians After 1783, Great
Biitain retained tbe western military posts, and
the hostilities continued withoutcessation till 1794
Innumerable battles, of a kind and chaiacter much
moie despeiate and bloody than those fought on
the sea-boaid from 1780 till 1794, were fought by
these settlers with the Indians Conflicts fre-
quently took place of thirty on each side, in which
not five men esciped with their lives. They fought,
hteially, foi victory or death. These men le
ccived no compensation for their services at the
time, nor had tiey leceived any pay, pension, oi
bounty since, and no men ever shed their blood
more fiefly If ever men desei ved to be pensioned,
it was these Many of them had asked him why
they were not put on the pension list, and he had
been able to give no reason for their exclusion ,
He hoped the proposition would be adopted—and
if he had piesented it, he would have given it the ,
form of an induction instead of an inquiry
Mr WARDWELL did not, he suid, rise to
oppose the resolution, but again to suggest that it
referred the inquiry to the wrong committee It ,
ought to go to the Committee on Military Pen-
nons, or Mibtiry Affairs The Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions had nothing to do with !
the sen ices tendered in the late war.
Mr EVERETT,of Veimont, thought the sub-
ject ought lo be leferred to a select committee
Mr. CHILTON modified the resolution so as
to requne its reference to a select committee, to be
appointed, whose duty it shall be, &c
Mr WHITTLESEY moved an amendment,
bringing the time down to 17D4. The subject, he
said,"was befoie Congress when the last pension
l_w was passed, and was very favorably ¡eceived,
and he had no doubt the same Congress would
have included these men in that law if the subject
had been thoroughly examined and the facts pre-
sented in a report. It was tiue that the war m
the west did not close till aftei Wayne's victory,
and, foi that reason, those who thus continued'
the war were as much worthy of the bountv of the
Government as those who fought before 1783
Mi CHILTON accepted the motion as a mod-
ification of the resolution.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, said, that a body of
more meritorious men than these had never been
provided for by Congress; any one who íeacis
their history would find that the perils which they
encounteied, and the sufferings which they en-
dured, were unparalleled in our history. He had
intended himself to bring this subject before. Con-
gress, and he was gratified that it had come from
another quarter.
Mr. BURD, of Pennsylvania, proposed so to
amend the resolution as to embiace all persons
who, at any time during the Revolution, had been
engaged in conflicts with the Indians.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of North Carolina, said,
that so far as this proposition went to pension the
revolutionary soldiers, he was in favor of it, but
so far as it continued the pension system after the
period of the Revolution he was opposed to it.
Something like this was offered in 1832, and le-
jected after full consideration. The principle
assumed by thatCongress was, that revolutionary
seivice was distinct from all other service in char-
acter. To pension all those who have been at any
time ergaged in military service was beyond the
means and resources of the country. We had not
yet fully extended the pension system to the
soldiers of the Revolution—the militia were not
placed on the same footing with those of the con-
tinental troops. Behevmg that the tendency of
the resolution was not fully apprehended by the
House, he moved to lay it on the table.
Ml. CHILTON (the motion being withdrawn)
objected to the amendment moved by Mr Bdrd
as out of order, and altering the phraseology of
the whole resolution.
Mr BURD withdrew his amendment.
Mr. CHILTON remaiked thathe wasnot usu-
ally veiy tenacious of his own phraseology. He
¡emembered that in the retrenchment discussion
his i esolution on that subject underwent so total a
change that the word " Resolved" was the only
word left in it.
At the suggestion of a member he further modi-
fied the resolution so as to requne the committee
to leport by bill or otherwise.
Mr, HARDIN would remark,he said,in reply
to the member from North Carolina, that the pen-
sion list would be too large for the íevenue, that
he was perfectly satisfied that the whole numbei
of persons added to the pension list by this prop-
osition would not exceed two_ thousand. He had
good reason to believe that no't one man in ten was
alive of those who were embraced in the provisions
ptoposed, and then number was everyday dimin-
ishing. He did not propose, in any cab'e, to ex-
tend the piovision to the heirs. Veiy little of the
public money was expended beyond the mount-
ains Nearly the whole revenue was diffused
east of the Alleghany The receipts from the
public lands amounted to three millions and a half,
while not half a million was expended in the
West. Any system by which the distribution of
public money could be equalized deserved the con-
sidei ation of the House. He hoped his honorable
friend from Noith Carolina would withdraw his
opposition to the measure until the committee
should report and the merits of the claims be laid
before the House.
Mr. ALLAN, cf Kentucky, said it was true
that the claims of those who fought the Indians
afier the revolutionary war were brought before
the last Congress, and were very favoiabiy re-
1 ceived But they were not passed or fully con-
sidered The war continued beyond the mountains
i after the peace of 1783 The signature of that '
treaty did not put a stop to hostilities in the West,
and he was at a loss to know why the gentleman
fromNoith Caiohna should consider those who
continued to fight after thetreaty were less entitled
to a pension than those who fought before the
treaty was concluded
Mr. BLAIR, of South Carolina, was opposed
to this pioposmon for the same reason that he op-
posed the law of 1832 By that law we taxed the
descendants of the soldiers of the Revolution, and
he believed that the best of them had died before
pensions were granted—for the benefit of their
wealthy survivors. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky says there will be but two thousand added
to the pension list by this bill. He believed the
number would exceed ten thousand If we adopt
ed this pioposition, we should not be tioubled
with surplus revenue. He moved that the resolu-
tion be laid on the table, and upon that motion he
required the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays being ordered, the question
was taken, and dec ded in the negative.
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Bean, James Blair,
Cambreleng,Chinn, Claiborne, Clowney, Connor,
Wan en R. Davis, Day, Felder, Foster, William
K Fuller, Gillet, Gilmei, Gordon, Grayson, Gnf-
fin, Thomas H Hall, Joseph M. Haipei, Hub-
bard, Jarvis, Noadiah Johnson, Seaborn Jones,
Kavanagh, King, Lewis, Loyall, Lucas, Abijah
Mann, Mardis, McDuffie, Mclntire, McKay,
Muhlenberg, Page, Pierce, Pinkney, Ramsay,
Rencher, William B Shepard, Smith, Speight,
Francis Thomas, Turril!, Vance, Vanderpoel, Van
Houten, Vinton, Williams—50.
NAYS—Messrs JohnQ, Adams, John Adams,
Heman Allen, John J Allen,Chilton Allan, Wm.
Allen, Ashley, Banks, Barber, Bairinger, Baylies,
Beal, Beardsley, Beatty, Beaumont, John Bell,
James M. Bell, John Blair, Bockee, Bodle, Boon,
Bouldm, Bnggs, Biown, Bull, Bunch, Burd,
Burns, Byiium, Cair, Casey, Chaney, Chilton,
Choate, William Clark, Clay, Coulter, Cramer,
Crane, Crockett, J. Davis, A". Davis, Deberry,
Deming, Denny, Dennis, Dickson, Dickinson,
Duncan, Dunlap, Evans, Edward Eveiett, Horace
Everett, Ewing, Fillmore, Foot, Forester, Fowler,
P. C Fuller, Fulton,Gamble, Grennell, H. Hall,
Halsey, Hamer, Hannegan, Hard, Hardin, Har-
rison, Hathaway, Hazelune, Henderson, Hun-
tington, Inge, William C. Johnson, Richard M.
Johnson. Cave Johnson, Benjamin Jones, Kinnard,
Lane, Lansing, Lapoite, Lawrence, Lay, Luke
Lea, Leavitt, Love, Lyon, Joel K. Mann, Mai-
tindale, Marshall, McCarfy, McComas, McKim,
McLene, McVcan, Mercer, Miller, Henry MitcB-
ell, Robert Mitchell, Mooie, Murphy, Osgood,
Parker,Patterson, Pearce,Peyton, Pieison, Polk,
?ope, Potts, Reed, Selden, Augustine H.Shep-
perd, W.Slade.C. Slade.Sloane, Spangler, Stan-
tlifei, Stewart, W. Taylor, Philemon Thomas, J.
Thompson,Tompkms,Tweedy,Wagener,Waid,
Waidwell, Watmough, Wayne, Webster, Whal-
lon.EdwaidD White, Elisha Whittlesey, Wilue,
Wise, Young—137.
The question then recurring on the resolution,
Mr. BOULDIN rose and said that, as he had
voted with the majority, refusing to lay the reso-
j lution on the table, whilst he fully accorded in
the sentiments expressed by the honorable mem-
ber from North Carolina, [Mr. Williams,] he felt
it necessary to state thathe was influenced in thus
lotmg by his coinciding m opinion with the
member from Kentucky—that his constituents,
whatever might be the ultimate decision of the
House on the subject, had a right to have their
petition heard. But he would now propose the
following amendment:
Sinke out all after " inquire," and insert " into
the moral end political effects of the pension laws
of the United States, and how far the same ought
, to be modified or repealed."
Mr B said he was induced to offer the forego-
ing amendment, feeling satisfied that there could
not be imagined a more corrupt and corrupting
system to the morals of any country than had
been created by the piesent pension system m
this. He sought revision of it because it had no
other than the most painful effect upon the indus-
trious classes of the community, by inducing
them—instead of following the true course by
which wealth was to be acquired and the Treasury
of the country to be filled—to rathei look up to that
Treasury as a never-failing spnng, from whence
their draugnts were to be always supplied In sup-
port of this view he asked members to consider
the number of apphcarts who were daily seeking
information as to ihe best manner m which they
could prosecute their claims to be put on the list,
and to further consider the species of evidence by
which these claims weie su| ported; in too many
instances from recollection of facts occurring nearl y
half a century back. But if the House agreed
with him to raise the committee proposed, he
thought they would be convinced, as he was, of
Us íumous and demoralizing effect If they weie
not, then, after fall investigation, and a report
presented to them, they would be better able to
act on the subject, and decide as to tbe peisons or
