m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Dec. 27,
the bank to its own resource for the means of ef-
fecting its criminal designs, we have it here. Was
it expected, when the moneys of the United States
■were directed to be placed in that bank, that they
would be pat under the control of one man, em-
powered to spend millions without rendering a
Voucher or specifying the object? tCan they be
considered safe, with the evidence before us that
tens of thousands have been spent for highly im-
proper, if not corrupt, purposes,and thatthesame
motive may lead to the expenditure of hundreds
of thousands.? and even millions more? Andean
we justify ourselves to the people by longer lend;
ing to it the money and power of the Government
to be employed for such purposes?
It has been alleged by some as an objection to
the removal of the deposites, that the bank hasthe
power, and in that event will have the disposition,
to destroy the State banks employed by the Gov-
ernment, and bring distress upon the country.   It
has been the fortune of the Presidentto encounter
dangers which were represented as equally alarm- j
ing, and he has seen them vanish before resolution ¡
and  energy.    Pictures  equally appalling were ,
paraded before him when this bank came to de- I
mand a new charter.   But what was the result? j
Has the sountry been ruined, or even distressed? ¡
Was it ever more prosperous than since that act ? !
The President verily believes the bank has not the
power to produce the calamities its friends threat-
en.    The funds of the Government will not be
annihilated by being transferred.   They will im-
mediately be issued for the benefit of trade, and if
the Bank of the United States curtails its loans,
the State banks, strengthened by the public depos-
ites, will extend theirs.    What comes in through
one bank Will go out through others, and the equi-
librium will be preserved.   Should the bank, tor
the mere purpose of producing distress, press its
debtors more heavily than someof them can bear,
the consequences will recoil upon itself, and in the
attempts to embarrass the country, it will only j
bring loss and ruin upon the holders of its  own i
stock.   Butif the President believed the bank pos- I
sessed all the power which has been attributed to
it, his determination would only be rendered the |
more inflexible.   If, indeed, this corporation now i
holds in its hands the happiness and prosperity of
the American people, it is high time to take the
alarm.    If the despotism be already upon us, and
our only safety is in the mercy of the despot, re-
cent developments in relation to his designs and
the means he employs, show how necessary it is
to shake it off.    The struggle can never come with
less distress to the people, or under more favor-
able auspices than at the present moment.
All doubt as to the willingness of the State banks
to undertake the service of the Government, to the
same extent and on the same terms as it is now
performed by the Bank of the United States, is
put to rest by the report of the agent recently em-
ployed to collect information; and from that wil-
lingness their own safety in the operation may
be confidently inferred. Knowing their own re-
sources better than they can be known by others,
it is not to be supposed that they would be willing
to place themselves in a situation which they can-
not occupy without danger of annihilation or em-
barrassment. The only consideration applies to
the safety of the public funds, if deposited in these
institutions. And when it is seen that the directors
of many of them are not only willing to pledge
the character and capital of the corporations in
giving success to this measure, but also their own
property and reputation, we cannot doubt that
they, at least, believe the public deposites would
besafein their management. The President thinks
that these facts and circumstances afford as strong
a guarantee as can be had in human affairs for the
safety of the public funds, and the practicability
of a new system of collection and disbursement
through the agency of the State banks.
From all these considerations the President
thinks that the State banks ought immediately to
be employed in the collection and disbursement of
the public revenue, and the funds now in the Bank
of the United States drawn out with all convenient
despatch. The safety of the public moneys, if
deposited in the State banks, must be secured be-
yond all reasonable doubts; but the extent and
nature of the security, in addition to their capital,
if any be deemed necessary, is a subject of detail
to which the Treasury Department will undoubt-
edly give its anxious attention. The banks to be
employed must remit the moneys of the Govern-
ment without charge, as the Bank of the United
States now does; must render all the services
which that bank now performs; must keep the
Government advised of their situation by periodi-
cal returns; in fine, in any arrangement with the
State banks, the Government must not, in any re-
spect, be placed on a worse footing than it now is.
The President is happy to perceive by the report
of the agent, that the banks which he has con-
sulted have, in general, consented to perform the
service on these terms, and that those in New
York have further agreed to make payments in
London without other charge than the mere cost
of the bills of exchange.
It should also be enjoined upon any banks
which may be employed, that it will be expected
of them to facilitate domestic exchanges for the
benefit of internal commerce; to grant all reason-
able facilities to the payers of the revenue; to ex-
ercise the utmost liberality towards the otherState
banks; and do nothing uselessly to embarrass the
Bank of the United States.
As one of the most serious objections to the
Bank of the United States is the power which it
concentrates, care must be taken in finding other
agents for the service of the Treasury not to raise
up another power equally formidable. Although
it would probably be impossible to produce such
a result by any organization of the State banks
which could bedevised, vet it is desirable to avoid
even the appearance. To this end it would be
expedient to assume no more power over them,
and interfere no more in their affairs than might
be absolutely necessary to the security of the pub-.
lie deposite, and the faithful performance of their
duties as agents of the Treasury. Any inter-
ference by them in the political contests of the
country with a view to influence elections, ought,
in the opinion of the President, to be followed by
an immediate discharge from the public service.
It is the desire of the President that the control
of the banks and the currency shall, as far as pos-
sible, be entirely separated from the political power
of the country, as well as wrested from an institu-
tion which has already attempted to subject the
Government to its will. In his opinion the action
of the General Government on this subject ought
not to extend beyond thegrant in the Constitution,
which only authorizes Congress "to coin money
and regulate the value thereof;" all else belongs
to the States and the people, and must be regulated
by public opinion and the interests of trade.
* In conclusion, the President must be permitted
to remark that he looks upon the pending question
as of higher consideration than the mere transfer
of a sum of money from one bank to another. Its
decision may affect the character of our Govern-
ment for ages to come. Should the bank be suf-
fered longer to use the public moneys in the accom-
plishment of its purposes, with the proofs of its
faithlessness and corruption before our eyes, the
patriotic among our citizens will despair of success
in struggling against its power, and we shall be
responsible for entailing it upon our country for-
ever. Viewing it as a question of transcendent
importance, both in the principlesand consequences
it involves, the President could not, in justice to
the responsibility which he owes to the country,
refrain from pressing upon the Secretary of the
Treasury his view of the considerations which im-
pel to immediate action. Upon him has been de-
volved, by the Constitution and the suffrages of
the American people, the duty of superintending
the operation of the executive departments of the
Government, and seeing that the laws are faith fully
executed. In the performance of this high trust
it is his undoubted right to express to those whom
the laws and his own choice have made his asso-
ciates in the administrationof the Government, his
opinion of their duties under circumstances as they
arise. It is this right which he now exercises.
Far be it from him to expect or require that any
member of the Cabinet should, at his request, or-
der, or dictation, do any act which he believes
unlawful, or in his conscience condemns. From
them, and from his fellow-citizens in general, he
desires only that aid and support which their rea-
son approves and their conscience sanctions.
In the remarks he has made on this all-important
question, he trusts the Secretary of the Treasury
will see only the frank and respectful declarations
of the opinions which thePcesident has formed on
a measure of great national interest, deeply affect-
ing the character and usefulness of his Admmis-
j tration; and not a spirit of dictation, which the
I President would be as careful to avoid as ready to
I resist. Happy will he be if the facts now disclosed
,| produce uniformity of opinion and unity of action
j among the members of the Administration.
j     The President again repeats that he begs his
| Cabinet to consider the proposed measure as his
own, in the support of which he shall require no
one of them to make a sacrifice of opinion or prin-
ciple.   Its responsibility has been assumed, after
the most mature deliberation and reflection, as
necessary to preserve the morals of the people, the
freedom of the press, and the purity of the elective
franchise, without which all will unite in saying
| that the blood and treasure expended by our fore-
| fathers in the establishment of our happy system
' of Government will have been vain and fruitless.
Under these convictions he feels that a measure so
important to the American people cannot be com-
menced too soon, and he therefore names the first
day of October next as a period proper for the
change of the deposites, or sooner, provided the
necessary arrangements with the State banks can
| be made.                    ANDREW JACKSON.
REPORT OP TUB COMMISSIONER OF THE
GENERAL LAND OFFICE,
To the Secretary of the Treasury, on the Jlnnual
Operations of the Office, dated Nov. 30, 1833.
General Land Office,        )
November 30, 1833. S
Sir: I have the honor of submitting to your
examination, and for the consideration of the
I Government, a report of the operations of this
office during the past year, and the present condi-
tion of the same, with its arrears of business, and
the necessary action of Congress to enable it to
discharge its various duties with more prompt-
ness, and with that justice which is due to the
parties interested and to the public service.
The annexed document, marked-A, shows the
periods to which the quarterly accounts of the
¡ receivers have been rendered to this office, as also
j the monthly abstracts of sales and receipts, and the
admitted balances remaining in the hands of the
•receivers at the respective dates of their last re-
turns. With few exceptions, the land officers have
been very prompt in transmitting to this office their
monthly and quarterly statements as required by
law and the regulations of the Department.
The accompanying statement marked B, exhib-
its for the year 1832, and the first three quarters
of 1833, the amount of public lands sold in the re-
S spective States and Territories-, the several amounts
! received in cash, in forfeited land stock, in military
| bounty land scrip, and the total amount of pur-
! chase money, with the amount paid into the Treas-
! ury.   From which statement it will appear that
: the sales of the first three quarters of 1833 have
S exceeded those of the corresponding quarters of
1832,532,838 acres, $655,080 of purchase money,
and of amount paid into the Treasury the sum of
§609,838.   This excess can be accounted for in
the increasing disposition for emigration which
pervades the Atlantic States and many portions of
Europe, and in the persevering industry and en-
terprise of our western and southwestern popula-
, tion.    It is not improbable that the sales for the
i'presentyearwill amount to three millions of acres,
I and the money paid into the public Treasury ex-
¡ ceed three millions of dollars.    In many of the
I districts the largest sales frequently occur in the
; last quarter of the year.
j I have caused to be prepared the tabular state-
I ment marked C, which presents, at one^view, the
j sales of the public lands under the cash system
; from its commencement, on the 1st of July, 1820,
; to the end of the year 1832. It exhibits the qüan-
, tity sold at the several land offices in each year,
! with the aggregate amount at each office during the
; whole of that period, as also the amount sold in
j each year in the several States and Territories, to-
i getharwith the total amount in each State and Ter-
1 ritory, with the grand total.   This statement also
