THE CONGKESSIOML GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
~3d Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, JANUARY 4, 1834.
Voi.. I....No. 5.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 30, 1833.
The VÍCE PRESIDENT communicated to the
Senate aletterfrom theSecretary of the Treasury,
responding to the following; resolution of Mr.
Clay, submitted on the 19th instant, with the
accompanying documents:
" Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be directed to communicate to the Senate a copy of
the entire letteraddressed by Mr. Crawford, when
Secretary of the Treasury, under date the 13th of
February, 1817, to the Presidentof theMeehanics'
Bank of New York, an extract from which is
recited in his report to Congress of the 3d Decem-
ber, 1833; and copies of the other correspondence
of Mr. Crawford with the banks about that period,
to passages in which the Secretary alludes in the
same report."
" Resolved, also, That the Secretary be directed
to communicate to the Senate-a copy of the corre-
spondence between the agen-tappointed during the
last summer to inquire upon what terms the ¡átate
banks would undertake to perform the services to
the Government which had been performed by the
Bank of the United States and the said banks; a
copy of the report made, if one were made, by the
said agent, to theSecretary, or the Executive; the
name of the agent, his compensation, and in virtue
of what law he was appointed."
The communication was read in part by the
Secretary, when
Mr. CLAY moved that the further reading be
dispensed with, unless some other Senator desired
it should be read.
Mr. FORSYI'H hoped the paper might be
read.
The reading was then proceeded in, followed
by the reading of the documents accompany uig
it.
Mr. CLAY. I rise to make an observation.
Sir, this response is a most extraordinary and
unprecedented document. We ¡lave called for
information, and the Secretaiy gives us argument.
Let hun have the benefit of it. 1 undertake to
prove, sir, that the financial officer of the Govern-
ment has grossly perverted and misstated Mr.
Crawford. He has entirely misinterpreted him.
Hehassuppiessed documents. A most important
passage has been withheld. At another time, I
undertake to prove my premises. Sir, we have
called for certain tilings which we have not got, and
obtained others not called for. We have asked for
bread,and rheSecretary has given us a stone. We
have asked tor the name of the agent and his com-
pensation, but it has been wuhhsld. We asked
for the law in virtue of which the agent was ap-
pointed, and he recognizes notourauthority. Sir,
i have seen all the letters of Mr. Crawford, with
the exception of the circular, and I undertake to
prove, at another period, that that gentleman has
been misquoted and misinterpreted.
Mr. FORSYI'H thought the Senator from Ken-
tucky was unkind and unjust to the Secretary of
the Treasury. He accuses him of suppressing
what was not asked for. What, sir, is it that has
been asked for? The opinions of Mr. Crawford;
and has he not given them? He refers to docu-
ments in possession of the Senate. Are they not
in the Senate? He (Mr. F.) would recall to the
gentleman what, the other day, he said hewanted,
that the Secretary should state his own case. The
gentleman says that hecan disprove whattheSec-
retary has stated. Well, there it is, with refer-
ence to chapter and verse. Mr. Crawford was
charged with having violated the sixteenth section
of the charter of the bank, by the suppression of
the fact of the transfer of the deposites having
been made. But the gentleman says the answer does
not correspond with the call—does notstate the
name of the agent, and his compensation, &c.
But all this is stated in the papers accompanying
this report, as he will perceive, if he will refer to
them.
Mr. CLAY.   No man can have feelings for the
Secietary more different than those attributed to
him by the honorable member from Georgia. He
had a slight personal acquaintance with the Sec-
retary, and had no other feelings towards him than
in his official character. The Senate called for
those documents that he might make out his case.
The Senate asked for documents, and he has given
us arguments. If the name of his agent is in the
appendix, well; it certainly did not appear in the.
report. In reference to Mr. Crawford's opinions,
he would repeat, that although there was a plausi-
bility for the construction which the Secretary had
given to them, yet he (Mr. Clay) would under-
take to show that the opinions ascribed to Mr.
Crawford in reference to the bank charter were
never asserted by him.
On motion of Mr. CLAY, the report was laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
The report of the Committee on Public Lands,
adverse to the memorial of the Legislature of
Missouri, was taken up and agreed to.
Mr. POINDEXTER, from the Committee on
Public lands, reported a bill for the relief of An-
drew Knox; which was read the first time.
Mr. POINDEXTER, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill for the relief of
Noah Stehley and John Stehlej, without amend-
ment.
Petitions were presented by Messrs. CHAM-
BERS and W1LKÍNS.
On motion of Mr. WILKINS,
Resolved, That the Secretary be directed to
procure, for the use of the members of the Sen-
ate not heretofore supplied, one copy each of the
debates on the adoption of the Federal Constitu-
tion.
The order being the consideration of the report
of the Secretary of the Treasury upon the removal
of the deposites,
Mr. CLAY said, before I proceed, sir, I wish to
anticipate an objection to the resolutions. They
say that the President, by dismissing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury for refusing to remove the
deposites, has exercised a power which is unoon-
¡ stuutional and dangerous to the liberties of the
; people.
i It may be said, sir, that theSenate ought not to
| say this. But I will say, sir, that the Senate, in
j Us organization, ¡3 possessed of three characters:
\ its legislative, its executive, and finally, its judicial
, character. Of these three, the most important I
ji conceive to be its legislative character. And this
\\ will appear upon considering how strange would
j| be the condition of this body in case its powers
'{■ were assailed by the Executive, if it could notpro-
j! tect those powers, because we might be called on
!| to perform certain judicial duties in case of im-
I1 peachment. The Senate is rarely called on to act
|i in Us judicial character; I believe, sir, in forty
11 years, it has thus acted only in three instances.-
11 The President may perform an unconstitutional
i! act with very good intentions, and, therefore, if
11 the objection has any weight in it whatever, it
i i would go to prevent the exercise of certain duties,
| because certain contingencies might arise—a posi-
! tion which ought not to prevail, it is not intended
| to controvert the fact of the removal of the depos-
'■ tes bv the Secretary, but if it he contended that it
i was done by his own authority, and of his own
i mind, I say he is flatly contradicted—contradicted
by the President himself.
Let ns look at the case, sir. This measure, the
removal of these deposites, was decided on on the
18 h September, and the order for that purpose
was formally given on the 26' h. I contend, sir,
that the Secretary ought to have stated the whole
truth, and not a part only, as he has done. He
ought to have stated that his predecessor, Mr. Du-
ane, the particular friend of the President, selected
for his peculiar fitness for the office, had refused
to remove these deposites, anil that he, the Secie-
tary, as his colleague, was by at the time. He
ought to have stated, too, that Mr.. Duane was
dismissed for his contumacy,and he, Mr. Taney,
put in to do that which Mr. Duane would not do.
Mr. Duane is a son of one of the fathers of the
democracy of the country; he was dismissed from
the Cabinet councils, and a man introduced who
was an enemy to that democracy—a man who
gave his vote against the admission of Missouri
into the Union, without the slavery restriction, and
who has been introduced for the purpose of prac- .
tising a system of proscription unexampled in the
country. It is this system of proscription which
is making its way into the halls of legislation, dis-
placing honest, faithful, and tried public servants,
expelling fathers from their places, and depriving
wives and children of support from their services.
And I caution our Secretary to beware of a like
fate. But, sir, I will tell him that if he dares to in-
terfere with a hair of the head of asingle individual
under him in regard to his opinions, I myself will
be the first man to move for his expulsion. The
Secretary of the Treasury, sir, ought further to
have stated that in the Cabinet deliberations upon
the contemplated removal, the Secretaries were
divided two and two. What, sir, I ask, would the
ministers of a foreign Government have done under
similar circumstances? Why, sir, they would
have resigned their seats and retired, and more es-
pecially would they have done so, if there had been
a cabal behind the throne, counteracting and sub-
verting their best efforts for the good of their coun-
try. There are no men in the country, sir, of
honorable feelings, who would not have given up
their places with dignified pride on seeing the scul-
lions enter the palace. The Secretary ought to
have told us, also, that this measure was ordered
by the President and not by him. I will then in-
quire, in the first place, into the power of the Sec-
retary to remove these deposites; and secondly,
into the sufficiency of his reasons for that act.
The Secretary says in his report, the power re-
served " to the Secretary over the deposites is not
1 restricted to any particular contingencies, but is
' absolute and unconditional, as far as the stock- •
' holders'interests are involved." And again, the
" power of the Secretary is unrestrained and that
' of Congress is totally excluded." This, sir, is
the Secretary's own statement of his own power.
He comes before us expanding his own authority
to its utmost dimensions, with what modesty will
readily be seen. And who would have supposed
that after excluding Congress from any participa-
tion in it, and that he alone has thepower, that he
would yet admit the Executive into a share of the
authority. Yet we find him when commenting
upon the Executive authority, corseted up and
squeezing himself into the most lady-like propor-
tions; yet when commenting upon those of Con-
gress, he distends himself ¡ike a balloon and flirts
as if conscious of total irresponsibility.   He says:
" And as the Secretary of the Treasury presides
'over one of the executive departments of the
' Government, and as his power over this subject
' forms a part of the executive duties of his office,
' the manner in which it is exercised must be sub-
' ject to the supervision of the officer to whom the
' Constitution has confided the whole executive
' power, and has required to take care that the
' laws be faithfully executed."
Now, sir, the Secretary is in one of the depart-
ments, and yet he mistakes us true character.
Where, I ask, and in what law does he find it es-
tablished as an executive department? Congress
has totally excluded the President from all control
over the Treasury Department. The Secretary 13
trie-financial agent of Congress; makes his reports
to Congress, and it is within their exclusive con-
trol. In some instances, I admit, sir, Congress has
placed him under the supervision of the President
—in somethings which he is directed to do, in re-
gard to the negotiation of loans, for instance; but
he is never placed in that situation except expressly
and by some positive law. I rend from the law
on Thursday that the moneys of the United States
were confided by law to the Treasurer of the Uni-
ted States. It is not true that the public moneys
are put under the care of the Secretary; they are
