1833.                                THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                    69
the Constitution mean, as had been elsewhere sug-
gested, merely to empower the President to put
down íesistanceto the laws. Unquestionably this
was one of h's duties. But the President, 1 affirm,
cannot see that the laws are faithfully executed,
except as he understood them, and it was neces-
sary for him to remove those assistants whose
construction of the law differed from his own,
and to put in others in their plaees. Else how
had it happened, upon the accession of each new
President, that a new Cabinet was appointed'
Else how, in the great political revolution of 1801,
could the new President have brought into office a
Cabinet of his own, and how, without a new Cab-
inet, would he have provided for the faithful exe-
cution of the laws1 Sir, said Mr Polk, these are
questions so long settled that I fear I weary the
House by referring to them. How happens it
that the President is authorized to require the ¡
opinions of his Cabinet in writing, if he has not a |
supervising power over them ' The power of re- j
moval is left with the President, because he is the
Chief Executive, and is responsible to the country j
for the faithful execution ot the laws.                       |
But it was said that the Treasury Department |
is differently organized from any other?   What
power, tnen, has Congress over thisofficer?   Con- '
gress, though they saw the public treasure wast-
ing, and the officer unfaithful to his duty, have no
power to reach him but by an impeachment   Must
theie be no method of removing the officer but by
the tedious process of impeachment5   1 apprehend
not, en.    The whole duties of the Secretary are
executive, in their execution he is responsible to
the Chief Executive, who is himself responsible to
the country for the acts of his assistants     But let
us reverse the question    suppose  the President
entertained a different opimon on this subject.and
that the Secretary of the Treasury had given no-
tice that on a certain day he wojld remove the
deposites, and to the President says I am inde-
pendent of you, sir, and the bank  charter gives
me express power to remove the deposite*?     Sup-
pose the President to fold hisaims,pnd say I have
no power to interfere     What would be the indig
nation of the people at such conduct in the Piesi-
dent.on the supposition that the proposed measure
was deemed by them unnecessary and mischiev-
ous'   What, on the other hard, would be the
hosannas of the bank if the President should say,
I dismiss you, Mr Secretary     But independently
of these views, the power of removal is expressly
recognized.    It is an unqualified power, and if it
can be exerted without reasons, surely it may be
used with reasons.   Gentlemen may differ as to
the sufficiency of reasons, but there can be no dis-
pute as to the power.   The President is not em
powered  to lemove the Secretary at will by the
charter of the bank, foi such a piovision would
have looked   to Congress as the source of the
appointing and removing powe-, but the charter ,
recognizes the power on the pait of the President
to remote the Secretary.   It provides that in case
the office of Secretary becomes vacant by death, j
resignation, or   removal,  the   deposites  should
be removed by another officer    The only ques-
tion raised here,said Mi. Polk, by the gentleman
from South Carolina, is the power of thepresident
to remove the Secretary from office.   The Presi
dent is a usurper, a tyrant, yet he has done noth-
ing more than the Constitution authorized him to
do     Sir, I have taken some pains to collect the
views which were entertained on this, subject by
those who framed the laws regulating the execu-
tive departments     It was contended in Congress^
by some member, that the advice and consent of
the Senate was as necessary to the removal as to
the appointment of an officer.    [Mr. P. here read
from Lloyd's Debates extracts from the speeches
of Messrs   Madison, Sedgwick, Fishei  Ames,
Jackson,Geiry, and otheis, showing the opinions
of those gentlemen on the very points now under
discussion ]
[The passages in the authorities referred
to by Mi. Polk were not furnished to the
reporters for the Globe; and they have to
regret, as a consequence, -that it is not in
their power to give as perfect a repoit of
Mi. P.'s excellent speech as they could
hate vv íshed.]
The opinion was strongly expressed by these
gentlemen that the President was' responsible to
the people for the conduct of the persons appointed
to aid him in the executive departments.   If any
power of the President is settled beyond dispute,
it was the power of overseeing and controlling
those who execute the laws.    1 take it, then, sir,
continued Mr. P., that the power which the Pres-
ident has in this case exerted, is clearly given by,
the Constitution, is clearly conferred by the legis-
lative acts creating the Treasury Department, and
has been acquiesced in from the commencement of
the Government.    Has the power been exerted
without adequate reason'   If the President uses
his power capriciously he is responsible to the
people; if he uses it corruptly he can be reached
by impeachment.  But it is said that the Secretary
is bound by law to make his annual report to Con-
gress, and that by the bank charter he must pre-
sent his reasons for removing the deposites to Co n-
gress,and that, therefore, he is independent of the
President     But why does he make his report on
the finances to Congress'   Because this House is
the money-raising House, and it was proper, there-
fore, that he should lay before them the means of
raising revenue, and  the sums required for  the
public service.   But does that supersede his re-
sponsibility to the Executive'   No, sir.    But his
reasons for removing the deposites must be pre-
sented  to Congress      In the charter of the old
bank there was no provision requiring the Secre-
tary to deposite the public money in the United
States Bank.    But he chose to do it m pait.    In
the present bank the public money is to be de-
posited until the Secretary sees fit to withdraw it,
and when he does he is to assign us a reasjn,
that we may know wheie he has put them, and
for what puipose they were removed.     We are
guardians of the public money, and we say to the
Secietary, you must assign to us your reasons,
tnnt we may see if you  have acted  properly.
Does this make him independent of the President?
Gentlemen had affected to regard the power of
removing the public deposites as one never before
exercised in this country.   He would now under-
take to show that, from the days of Alexander
Hamilton to this time, all the Secretaries, prior
1 and subsequent to the bank charters, had exer-
cised power over the public deposites, and that it
was never esteemed an arbitrary assumption of
power, but a power the exercise of which was
necessary to preserve the currency from confusion
I He would show what were the views of those co-
I temporary with the establishment of the present
| bank in relation to the power of the Secretary of
, the Tieasury over the deposites.    Mr. Crawford,
[ m a letter dated February 13, 1817, asserts the
power to control the bank by removing the public
i money to the State banks.
[ In another letter to the Mechanics' Bank of
New York he claims the right to withdraw the
deposites and place them so as to equalize the
benefits derived from them, and to support the
credit of the State banks In a report to Con-
gress of December 10, ldl7, Mr. Crawford gives
I what he deemed satisfactory reasons for detaining
1 the deposites from the United States Bank. He
deemed it expedient to suffer the balances remair-
mg in certain banks m Pmladelphia, New York,
and the District of Columbia, to continue there for
some time, in order to enable those banks to re-
new specie payments. On the 16th of May, in
the same year, the Secretary deposited five thou-
sand dollars in the Mechanics' Bank of George-
town, which had not previously been a depository
, of the public money.
'     His reasons were communicated to Congress,
j in which the right was expressly asserted as a jus-
tification for the act he had done.    They were
acquiesced in by Congress    But the bank did not
1 then complain that there was any violation of their
chartered rights being interfered with.    No, the
j  bank had not then set themselves up as an antag-
onist power to that of the Government.   No, the
bank had not then dared to attempt the contiol of
I all the monetary institutions of the country," when
these reasons were so presented they were then
I deemed all satisfactory and all sufficient, and they
'I established the full and complete power of the
Secretary of the Treasury over the deposites   Mr
P. here leferred, in illustration of this position, to
the letter of Mr. Secretaiy Crawford, communica-
ted in obedience to a ca'l to that effect by Con-
gress, on the 25th February, 1823, in which vari-
ous instances were cited to show that this power
was used by his predecessors, and he particularly
referred to the report presented in 1817, by Mr.
Secretary Hamilton, who had claimed the right to
remove the deposites as a peculiar province of the
Government, even to sustain the credit of State
institutions, instancing several loans made by that
eminent statesman to the Geoigetown Bank and
others, and yet, said Mr. P , at that time no dis-
satisfaction was ever expressed at the propriety of
the measures, or were they ever called in question.
There were, again, other instances of loans to the
Bank of Columbia, the Bank of the Metropolis,
and other lodgments made, and still no complaint.
There was even a stronger instance in the case of
the Bank of Alexandria, which had applied for a
loan of §,130,000 to save them from then impend-
ing rum This lehef was only afforded upon con-
sultation with the then President, for it appeared
in the correspondence between that bank and the
Treasury, he had written that the bank must wait
for a day for an answer to the application, as he
felt it his duty to communicate with the President,
and to obtain his order or sanction for complying
with the application. Accordingly consultation
wa3 had with the President, he gave his sanction
to it, and the loan was afforded. But this assump-
tion of power on the part of Mr. Crawford had
not altogether passed unobserved, or had not
passed without notice of the Congress. It would
be in the recollection of many, that a memorial
had been presented by the celebrated N Edwards,
making grave charges against the Secretary.
Amongst them was one that he had deposited m
the local banks the public moneys, and in places
wh^re there were blanches existing of the Bank
of the United States. The Secretary was then
highly distinguished for his financial ab'lity; he
stood at this very time prominently befoie the
country for the highest office in the gift of the
-people. Did he then shrink from meeting this,
1 and defending the exercise of the power? No.
What was the conduct pursued when tBe charges
were presented to the House' A committee was
I immediately raised, of which Governor Floyd, of
Virginia, then a member of this House, was the
chanman. Evidence was brought forth from
various quarters from Missouri to establish what
the Secretary had not attempted to conceal; for he
bad sought to maintain this right, and the result
was, after full investigation, a long report on the
subject which fully justified him.
It was useful and necessary to refer back to
reminiscences of similar occurrences to those of
the present day, to see what was then thought and
said upon them at that time, and contrast them
with the present time. The power now exercised
was then openly claimed, asserted, and exercised,
without question and without complaint. But now,
for the same exercise, the same sanction, the Presi-
dent is stigmatized as a tyrant, as a usurper, and
the Secretary his most miserable instrument in
an act which is styled nothing less than one of
despotism—yes, of absolute despotism; and yet
these acts, so stigmatized now, received the sanc-
tion of Congress and of the nation, for no man
then gainsaid the views taken either by Sec-
retary Crawford or by Governor Floyd, though
they weie then engaged in all the heat engendered
by party conflicts. No man then descended so low
as to make the points now so gravely discussed.
Mr. P. read various extracts from the lepoit, and
commented at son e length upon it, after which he
referred to the conespondence between Secretary
Ingham and the bank, in which the same power
to "remove the deposites as exercised by his pre-
decessors was claimed by him, and whenhestated
" that he would exercise it," the bank was alto-
gether silent upon that subject. Mr. Secretary
Ingham in that correspondence expressly endorsed
and ratified the former opinion of Secretary Craw-
ford; and at the conclusion of his letter of5'h Oc-
tober, 1829, deprecates the idea of the bank being
made the engine of a political party—yes, an en-
gine of a political party! But beforehe (Mr. if )
would have done he would have something to say
upon the subject—something upon the po'11'? 1
character of this purest of all institutions It he
had succeeded in making himself understood, he
had shown that the exercise of the power by the
