70
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 31,
Secretary of the Treasury was only the exercise of
an ordinary and usual power. The President had
also exercised the usual and ordinary power; he
had removed the Secretary of the Treasury for
refusing to act. But he begged pardon; if the
argument of the member from South Carolina was
good, Mr. Duane was still Secretary; Mr. Taney
had no authority at all. He, however, would con-
tend that Mr. Duane was removed by the exercise
of power that the President possessed, that this
removal was a matter of right devolving upon the
President, he having refused to act in conformity
to his directions. Upon his removal Mr. Taney
is appointed; the removal is made by him, or by
his order, and yet it was asked by the member
from South Carolina, [Mr. McDüffie,] " Was it
the Secretary who done this act ? No; it was the
act of a tyrant, forsooth, and the Secretary had no
more agency in it than the iron pen with which
the order was written." But he (Mr. P.) would
state that it was fortunate for the country, most
j'ortunate for the individual himself, that his charac-
ter stood too high to require anything to be added
by him, or which would render itnecessary to say
more than that the present Secretary was not the
person to be rendered the blind instrument of any
man, be he whom he might. He was not such
a blind instrument as was charged in this transac-
tion. He could state, as he was authorized todo,
that the opinions given by him, and upon which
lie had acted in the removal, were similar to those
given by him, in writing, in the month of March
previous, when he was Attorney General, when
consulted upon the subject as Cabinet minister.
Well, then, was he to be blamed and thus stigma-
tized for having honestly entertained the opinion
that the deposites ought to be removed, for
removing them, when, upon the refusal of Mr.
Duane and his dismissal that he, appointed his
successor,should do so ? Yet for this removal a
question upon which his mind had been long made
up, he was the " miserable instrument of tyran-
ny !"—he was to be stigmatized as " one of those
miserabl#Bycophants who literally crawled in
their own slime to the footstool of Executive
favor."
[Mr. McDUFFIE here rose and said that this
designation was not intended to be applied to the
Secretary.]
Mr. POLK continued, and said he was happy
to hear such a disclaimer of an expression, but
which must, therefore,apply to somebody else,he
did not know whom; and proceeded to justify the
course taken by Mr. Taney as one which he was
induced to take, from having his opinion on the
necessity of removal long made up, and which,
being in full accordance with the opinion of the
Chief Magistrate, he had carried into effect when
appointed to office. Adverting to the argument
and complaint that the contract made by the Gov-
ernment with the bank had been violated, he de-
nied that the contract was violated, and maintained
at length that it was a part of the agreement by
which the very power of removal was' reserved
expressly to the Secretary of the Treasury, as the
agent of Government, and that was a part of the
contract, that the Government could remove them
at pleasure. To th¡3 the bank had agreed, and it
was no part of the contract that the deposites were
to remain there; but, on the contrary, they might
be removed. lie referred to the fourteenth section
of the charter of the bank, and argued to show that,
under the provision of that section, by which their
notes were to be received in payment of Govern-
ment duties, yet, if Congress passed a law that the
notes of the bank should not be received, they
might do so, under cases of emergency, without
being liable to a charge of violating that contract;
he apprehended it would not be any violation to
pass such a law; and yet one was as much a con-
tract as the other. After some further arguments
in support of this view, Mr. P. said, before he
would go into the consideration of the real ques-
tion at issue, he was desirous to dispel from the
minds of the House an insinuation that was as un-
founded as any that had been made by the bank,
and which, if he was not mistaken, was an insin-
uation that had been also made by the honorable
member from South Carolina, [Mr. McDofpie.]
Mr. P. here read an extract from the correspond-
ence with the bank, which he pronounced to be
false, and challenged the proof; he maintained the
proof could not.be produced. The charges against
the President were founded upon this; and shortly
after he came into power the war of persecution
was commenced. The President had committed
the heinous crime of informing Congress, and
through them the~country, "that the constitution-
ality and expediency of the bank were questioned
by himself, and, so far as he understood, by the
■people." But was this a new opinion on this sub-
ject, and for the first time entertained by the Pres-
ident ? No ! Was it only an opinion formed be-
tween the March at which he was elected and his
first inauguration speech in the December follow-
ing? No! The President's opinion was a fact
well known to many. It was known that he had
formed opinions adverse to the bank, because he
thought it an institution which had too much
power, and was as unconstitutional as it might be
dangerous to thecountry. The President's opinion
had been known long previous to this, and ex-
pressed in the case of McColloh, in Maryland. It
was matter of notoriety that he had so expressed
himself to his friends at the Hermitage, and else-
where; and when he came into power, and made
his first inauguration speech, he felt it his duty
on that, his first public opportunity, to call the at-
tention of thecountry to the subject. In this he
was only consistent throughout. What, then,
became of the insinuation thus made in the bank
manifesto, that the Government, failing to get pos-
session of thefundsof thebank, theirnex'tattempt
was to break it? Mr. P. here referred to the cor-
respondence with the Portsmouth branch, from
which he made various quotations, and upon
which he commented at length, to show the views
with which Secretary Ingham replied to the parent
bank, asserting the right of the Government, un-
der certain emergencies, as a right which pertained
to the Department; which, when disclaimed by
the bank, was reasserted by Mr. Ingham, and
the bank had, in consequence, by their letter to
him of October, 1829, backed out of the ground
which they had assumed, on the plea " that the
circumstances were no longer applicable." But he
would again revert to this subject; and, as he could
not then conclude his remarks, and as it was sug-
gested to him that the usual hour for the adjourn-
ment of the House had arrived, before he would
yield the floor for the purpose of having a motion
for an adjournment made, he pledged himself to
the House and to the country, that every charge
made by the Secretary of the Treasury against the
bank would be established to the word—evento the
letter; and that, so farfrom that personage—as was
pronounced by the honorable member from South
Carolina, but he trusted, on reflection, he would
retract—having given to the world unfair,uncandid,
I or Jesuitical arguments in his report, or from his
' having been guilty of falsehood or wilful suppres-
sion of any fact, he (Mr. P.) would undertake to
show the truth of every one of them, from docu-
ments presented by the bank itself, so that, if
there should have been any erroneous statement
in the report, the bank alone was the cause of it.
On motion of Mr. CLAY,
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 31, 1833.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of Asher P. Dedrick,
and that the petitioner have leave to withdraw his
papers; which was agreed to.
Mr. WHITE, from the same committee, re-
ported unfavorable to the petilion of Thomas
Talbert and others, for the loss of property by
Indians, on the return of the petitioners from Mex-
ico. The petitioners alleged that they considered
the United States as underwriters for property
lost'in that manner by trading associations—a
principle the committee did not recognize. The
committee asked to be discharged from the further
consideration of the subject, and that the petition-
ers have leave to withdraw their papers; which
was agreed to.
Petitions and memorials were presented bv
Messrs. EWING, HENDRICKS, ROBBINS,
McKEAN, WAGGAMAN, LINN, KING, of
Alabama, and ROBINSON.
Among the memorials was one from citizens of
Philadelphia, praying indemnity for French spoli-
ations prior to 1800, which was referred to the
Committee on Finance; and another from the
State banks of said city, in reference to the mon-
eyed depression now experienced by the mercan-
tile community; which was also referred to the
same committee.
The following resolution was submitted by Mr.
EWING:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General lay before
the Senate a statement of the amount of money,
if any, which has been borrowed within the current
year for the use of the Department, and that he
designate the persons, or corporations, of whom
such loans (if any) may have been made, and the
date, amount, and terms of each loan.
Mr. HENDRICKS submitted the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee o,n Post Offices
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of extending the post route from Terre
Haute to Crawfordsville, through Pleasant Hill,
Newtown, Rob Roy, Attica, Williamsport, Greg-
ory's Settlement, and Parish's Grove, to Bunkum,
on the Iroquois, where it intersects the road from
Vanville to Chicago.
Mr. W RIGHT, from the Committee on Claims,
asked to be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the petition of Moses Shepherd, and that it
be referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals;
which was agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the same committee, re-
ported unfavorable to the petition of Daniel Brad-
ley; which was partially read, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill from the House of Representatives
for the relief of Hugh McGennis, with an amend-
ment.
Mr. FORSYTH presented the credentials of
John P. King, recently elected a Senator from
Georgia, which were read, when Mr. King was
qualified and took his seat.
Mr. WEBSTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, reported a bill for the relief of Benjamin G.
Winter.
Mr. POINDEXTER, from the Committee on
Public Lands, asked to be discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of Green Der-
rington, and that the petitioner have leave to with-
draw his papers; which was agreed to.
Mr. POINDEXTER, from the same commit-
tee, reported unfavorably to the memorial of the
Legislature of Missouri, with regard to the regis-
ters of land offices; when, upon his motion, the
committee were discharged from the further con-
sideration of the same.
Mr. POINDEXTER, from the same commit-
tee, made a similar report with regard to the me-
morial of the trustees of Union College in Illinois,
and St. Charles College, and asked to be discharged
from the further consideration of the same; which
was agreed to.
Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee on Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of John Timberlane
of Indiana; which was read and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. TIPTON offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of an
appropriation for paying two companies of volun-
teers, commanded by Captains McGeorge and
Siegler, of the State of Indiana, for service ren-
dered against the hostile Indians in the year 1832.
The following resolution was submitted by Mr.
KING, of Alabama:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of in-
demnifying tKe heirs of J. Phillips and W. Walker,
for losses by them sustained by the depredations
of the Creek Indians.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a commu-
nication from the Commissioner of the Public
Buildings; which was laid on the table.
The Senate then took up the resolution offered
yesterday by Mr.'WILKfNS, viz:
Resolved, That the Secretary be directed to pro-
cure, for the use of the members of the Senate not
heretofore supplied, one copy each of the Debates
on the adoption of the Federal Constitution.
