1833,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
71
Which was considered and adopted.
Mr. EWÍNG submitted the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State lay before
the Senate a copy oí the commission under which
William J. Duane lately acted as Secretary of the
Treasury, and a copy of the commission under
which Roger B. Taney now acts as Secretary.
Mr. EWING asked for the unanimous consent
of the Senate for its immediate consideration, which
being objected to by Mr. KING, of Alabama, the
resolution lies one day, of course.
On motion of Mr. GRUNDY, it was
Resolved, That when the Senate adjourna, it
adjourn until Thursday.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were read the first and second time, and
referred to the appropriate committees, viz:
A bill giantmg pensions to certain persons.
A bill lor the relief of Samuel Thomson.
A bii! for the relief of George Chmn
A bill for the relief of Benjamin Shepley.
A bill for the relief of the widow and heira of
Robert Le Baine.
A bill for the relief of Thomas Richardson.
A bill for the relief of William S. Anderson.
A bill for the relief of George H  Jennings.
A bill for the relief of James H. Brewer.
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
James Morrison, deceased.
A bill for the relief of John Thomson.
A bill for the relief of Richard Bagner, executor
of JV. P. Vaughan
A bill for the re'ief of Peregrine Garner.
A bill for the relief of Edward Wiliett.
A bill for the relief of the administrator of Sam-
uel Burr, deceased.
A bill foi the relief of John H. Maguire.
A bill tor the relief of Russell Hunt, David Hunt,
and Amos Hunt.
A bill for the relief of Philip Hickey.
A bill for the relief of John Bills.
A bill for the relief of Daniel Hazleton and
William Palmer.
A bill for the relief of Branset Barnes
A bill for the relief of Joseph M  Harper.
A bill for the relief of Martin Bailey and others.
A bill for the relief of Archibald Small.
REMOVAL OP THE DEPOSITES.
Mr. CLAY concluded, as follows:
I have but a few words more, Mr President, to
Bay upon this subject, and it cannot afford yourself
and the Senate more pleasure than it does me,
from the fatigue of the two last days, from which
I have'not yet recovered. I attempted to show,
yesterday, that the Secretary of the Treasury had
no right to remove the public deposites, and then
that the reasons he had given for exercising that
power was insufficient. It remains for me now
to examine the manner in which he has exercised
the power. While the money of the United States
was in the Bank of the United States, it was so
much added to the effective capital of the bank,
and it was enabled, by means of its branches, to
distribute its capital, and also the benefits of its
capital, into all parts of the country, for the bene-
fit of the people This use of the capital of the
United States is of the utmost importance to the
people, and especially m the section from which I
come, where the moneyed wants of the people are
great While the bank exists, with its ample
means and resources, this western want is sup-
plied by means of its branches, and it has hitherto
been of the greatest benefit to them, by increasing
then industry and stimulating their enterprise
When the process of abridging these facilities and
these means shall have been completed, there will
be a degree of distress and embarrassment in the
country which no language can describe. By this
exercise of power by the Secretary, this use of the
capital of the bank and of the nation is withdrawn
from the bank and its branches, and placed in local
banks in the large cities and on the sea-board, and
the people are pi evented from having the use of
it. The city of New York, particularly, will de
rive almost the whole benefit from it, or, rather,
a few local banks in one single port will have the
exclusive use of one moiety of the whole revenue
of the United States Upwards of thiee months
1 ave clapaed since the removal of the deposites,
and yet we are told by the Secretary, in his report,
that arrangements have not yet been made in all
theports of the United States for receiving the pub-
lic moneys, and that in one port, that of Charles-
ton, there have been no such arrangements made.
Where, sir, are the collector's bonds put in Charles-
ton > Where is the money placed which has been
removed from the Bank of the United States, and
who has the care of it in Charleston ' Although
three months have elapsed since this act was done,
the Secretary has not yet obtained copies of the
charters of the banks selected by him as the depos-
itories of the public money. Can there be any-
thing more dangerous or improvident than to order
the public moneys into the vaults of particular
banks without knowing the extent of their powers,
their liabilities, their obligations, or when their
charters expire ^ Yet he says that when their
charters are received he will communicate them.
But, sir, he ought to have seen first what were
their powers, their duties, the extent to which they
could lawfully contract, theirdebts, and the amount
of specie in their vaults. But he says he has found
some banks with whom he has contracted; and the
very first step he has taken is in open violation of
an express statute of the United States.
[I will thank the Secretary to get the act of 1st
May, 1820 ]
By this law, sir, the Secretary of the Treasury,
as well as the other Secretaries, are prohibited from
making any contracts whatever. The provision I
allude to is as follows:
"Sec.6 •Snd be it further enacted, Thatnocon-
' tract shall hereafter be made by the Secretary of
' State, or of the Treasury, or of the Department of
' 'War, or the Navy, except under a law authorizing
I ' the same, or under an appropriation adequate to
' its fulfillment, and excepting, also, contracts for
I ' the subsistence and clothing of the Army and
1 Navy, and contracts by the quartermaster's de-
' partment, which may be made by the Secretaries
' of these Departments."
Thus, by this act, the Secretaries are expressly
forbid to contract unless by express authority of
1 law.
[ Where, then, is the law. and under what author-
ity has this Secretary undertaken to make these
i contracts' Is it that because the power is given
to the Secretary to remove the deposites it carries
with it an implication to repeal this law }
Sir, if it be possible that the provisions of a prior
statute can be construed to repeal a subsequent
one.it would apply equally to theTreasurerof the
United States. It is the Treasurer who*has the care
and custody of the Treasury. What, sir, let me
inquire, is the theory of the Treasury' It is this-
It is the legislative department. The Secretary
has authority to draw warrants. It is the duty of
the Comptroller to countersign them. The regis-
ter records the warrants, and finally the Treasurer
is required to pay the warrants thus registered,
and not otherwise Why all this caution' Be-
cause the Constitution requires that no money shall
be drawn from the Treasury except in pursuance
of appropriations made bylaw. This provision
of the Constitution would be nugatory without
these four checks, each upon the other. When
the Treasurer is thus made the officer to pay the
moneys, he is the man to take care of them ! If I
am right, then, the contract of the Secretary with
the banks is void: 1st. Because he had no power
to remove the deposites, and next because the act
is in violation of the law of 1820. The Secretary
has no more power than the law gives him, and if
he makes a contract when he has no power, it is
void But let us look at the implied powers
claimed by the Secretary for this usurpation. It
implies the repeal of the act of 1820—-and here
again the necessity for a little patience by the Sec-
retary in exercising this power is manifest. Con-
gress had the powers assumed by him, and could
have passed a law and specified the terms upon
which the deposites should be made in the other
banks, the bonus which should be given by them,
the interest which should be paid, and the security
which they should grv e, as well as any other terms
which might be thought necessary. But acting
in direct violation of the charter, and assuming
powers not granted to him, he anticipates the
meeting of Congress, and now it has become ne-
cessary for Congress to look into the terms of
these contracts. But suppose I am wrong in the
position I have taken, and the Secretary had the
power assumed. I will show, sir, that a more in-
judicious contract could not have been entered
into by a man possessing the least soundness of
judgment or discretion
[Here Mr. C. read the terms on which the de-
posite banks would receive each other's notes.]
Instead of the Bank of the United States, whose
credit is uniform, and whose notes circulate every-
where; instead of stipulating to do for the Govern-
ment what the Bank of the United States does,
they only stipulate to receive, for the time being,
the notes of banks in their immediate vicinity.
Now, they may receive these notes to-day and re-
fuse to do so to-morrow. But the Secretary says,
it is important to have in due time a paper circu-
lation, to be substituted for that of the Bank of
the United States, and intimates that it may be a
better paper.
[Here Mr. C. read " that the banks were to
submit their books and papers to the inspection
of the Government agents," &e ]
In lieu of the ample means furnished in the
charter of the Bank of the United States, the Sec-
retary has contracted with banks without seeing
their charters, or knowing anything about it.
[Here Mr. C read " that if the deposites shall
at any time exceed half the capital of said bank, it
shall give security," &c]                         '
Here the officer charged with the care of the
public moneys is found placing them in the hands
of banks instead of procuring prior security, but
says the security is to be given afterwards, when
the deposites shall exceed half their capital. The
public funds have no security but the stock and
bonds, and when they are gone the money is lost.
Sir, a school boy would not dispose of his father's
money in so loose and unguarded a manner; a
freshman would not be so unmindful of paternal
regards.
[Here Mr. C. read " that the banks were to
transfer the funds to other banks, as may be
wished, reasonable notice being first given," &c ]
Now, according to the charter of the United
States Bank, no such notice as this is required.
In its origin, I believe, Mr. Crawford did give
this notice, but it is not done now. What is a
reasonable notice' Cannot any one of these
banks shelter itself behind what it may deem rea-
sonable notice, when unable to comply with its
contract'
[Here Mr. C. quoted the remarks relative to
the comp'ensation to be paid to the agents ap-
pointed to investigate, &c.
Here, then, is the whole scheme developed. It
is to introduce the safety-fund scheme of New
York that these banks are to be leagued together.
They are to submit their books to the exam-
ination of the Government agent or agents, and
this league of banks is to pay these agents such
amount of salary, not as Congress shall determine,
but as the Secretary shall say. Sir, can you
conceive of a more dangerous power distributed
through the country, acting under one common
direction, than exists here' And what State,
sir, choosing to exercise its own authority over
the banks of its own creation, will authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to exert such a power
over their own creations' Sir, one of these very
banks (the Union Bank of Baltimore) has al-
ready done what the old Bank of the United
States never dared to do. It has stepped forward
by its president, in defence of the Secretary, in
opposition to an article in the National Intelli-
gencer. And what has been said' Nothing.
Sir, if the Secretary wants to purify the press,
let him first apply the remedy to the official or-
gan, to the press nearest him, let him first cleanse
the Augean stable in his own vicinity, and when
he has done that, if his powers are not then ex-
hausted, he can attend to the correction of others.
Allow me, sir, to call your attention to one of the
banks selected by the Secretary as one of the
depositories of the public money I will take,
for convenience, the one nearest me, the Bank of
the Metropolis. By its charter this bank is re-
quired to communicate its condition annually to
Congress. Its last communication was made
two years ago. The capital of this bank, paid in,
is §500,000—how, it is not said Whether m
stock-notes or money this deponent saith  not.
