76
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 3,
eight States of this Union had no branch; the
three Territories had none; by consequence no
public moneys could be sent to those ¡states and
Territories.  Again: the Bank of the United States
was not obliged to establish a branch in a single
State, only in the District of Columbia, so that if
she withdraw her branches, no public money could
be kept except in Philadelphia and Washington
He traced the origin of this assumption that the
bank was the Treasury to tne great measuie intro-
duced by President Jackson in the first year of his
administration for the protection of theTreasuiy,
which was that the Treasury warrant should be
filed in the bank which paid the money.   Before
that time the Treasurer issued his check on the
bank for the money,and it was paid on his single
check; since then three other names-must go to
the bank with his, to wit: that of the Cumptiollei,
that of the Register, and that of the Seeietaiy of
the Treasury, and this formed the true defence
and security of the I'reasuiy.   The Tieasurer's
bond for §150,000 wa-s nothing to a man who would
check for thirty millions in a year     President
Jackson in the first months of his administration,
supplying the deficiencies of all his predecessois,
applied thetrueremedy    Secretaiy Ingham wrote
the circular, he (Mr B ) had read extracts fiom
it, he did high honor to the new Administration.
It put the Treasury beyond the reach of being
injured by any Treasurer.   The Treasurei'  check ,
could not now draw one dollar without three other
names upon it, and the filing of the warrant under
the seal of the Treasury.   The bank is now to
see the wairant, and to hold it, and because this
warrant was formerly retained by the Treasurer,
the bank thinks itself the Treasury because for
six years it has had theTieasury warrants instead
of the Treasurer'a check.   Mr B here commented
upon the strangeness of fortune, that President
Jackson, who was the only President who had
devised a true and impregnable safeguard for the
Treasury, should be chaiged with seizing it, and
his conduct compared to that of Cffisar in pillaging
the gold which Pompey, the Consuls, and  the
Senate were silly enough to leave behind in the
temple of Jupiter when they fled from Rome.
Mr. B. held that the Secretary of the Treasury
was now acquitted, that the Treasuier himself
was freed from the penalties of the act of 17b9,
that both were found to be boine out by law; and
he regretted that these officers had not had an op-
portunity of showing to their accusers and judges
the difference between a Treasury warrant and a
transfer draft, before sentence of condemnation
had been passed upon them for mere defect of that
knowledge
Mr. B proceeded to the second of the resolu-
tions submitted by the Senator from Kentucky,
[Mi. Clay,] and to avoid all questions about
order, he took leave,to give notice that he should,
at the proper time, move an amendment to that
resolution, namely, to strike it all out, and to sub-
stitute another of a diilerent import
He considered this second resolution to be ille-
gal, futile, and nugatoiy.
Illegal, because it assumed an appellate jurisdic-
tion over the act of the Secretary of the Treasury
in a case in which no right of appeal had been re-
served to the two Houses of Congi ess in their joint
legislative capacity, much less to the Senate alone
The act of the Seeietary is definitive. His report
to Congress is foi their information, not for their
revision.- The condemnation of his reasons by
either, or both Houses of Congress, cannot restore
the deposites oi alter their destination. It will
lequire a law or a joint resolution to do that.
The resolution was illegal in assuming a juris-
diction over a subject of which the Senate had no
cognizance. It was a single resolution, and could
not legally be communicated to the House of Rep
resentatives.
It was futile and nugatory m leading to no ac-
tion or practical result. It declared a naked prop-
osition, but indicated no consequence resulting
from it. It declaied the Secretary's reasons to be
insufficient and unsatisfactory, but did not say
what was to be done with the Secretary or with
the deposites, if the Senate found them to be
so He would still remain Secretary, and the
public moneys would still remam removed,
whether the resolution was passed or rejected by
the Senate.   The mover seemed to foresee this.
objection and to understand the unparliamentary
character of his resolution when he alluded to the
effect which its adoption might have upon the pub-
lic mind. He (Mr B ) denied that the Senate
was the place to adopt barren resolutions foi pop-
ular effect He doubted the propriety of the trial
and the success of the experiment He remera
beied a case in which the Senate's condemnation
had been the highest passport to puohc favor, and
it might be that a vote on this resolution in favor
of the bank m'ght be equally unprofitable to the
Senate which gave it, and to the bank which re-
ceived it.
On motion of Mr. KANE, the Senate then ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 2, 1834
Several private bills were reported, which will
be noticed hereafter.   Aftei which
Mi DAVIS inquned if it was then in order to
take up the resolution submitted by him on the
petition presented from Noah Fletchei, one of the
clerks ot the House, recently dismissed ?
The SPEAKER explained the practice of the
House at length, and in accoidance to it, decided
that after the expiration of the first thirty days
sitting of the House, it was not in order to discuss
any peti ion except on Mondays
After a protiacted discussion on the point of
order,between Messrs CLAY, MERCER,WIL-
LIAMS of Noith Carolina, and WAYNE, the
lattei took an appeal from the decision of the
Speaker to the House, but subsequently with-
drew it.
REMOVAL OF THE PUBLIC DEPOSITES.
The House proceeded to considei the motion of
Mr POLK, to recommit to the Committee of
Ways and Means the report of the Secretary of
the Treasury on the removal of the deposites, to-
gether with the following instructions to the com-
mittee, moved by Mr. McDUFPlE.
" lo report a joint resolution providing that
' the public revenue hereafter collected bedeposited
• in the Bank of the United States, in conformity
' with the public faith pledged in the charter of
' the said bank "
Mr POLK resumed and concluded his remarks,
which, from the early hour we aie obliged to go
to press, we are precluded from giving, but shall
heieafter.
Mr B1NNEY having obtained the floor, moved
an adjournment, which prevailed.       ,
y                  IN SENATE.
Friday, Januaiy 3, 1834
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by the hands of his private
Secretai y.
Mr HENDRICKS submitted the following
resolutions, which lie one day on the table
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals bemstructed to inquire into theexpediency
of making a further appropriation for the construc-
tion of the Cumberland road in the States of Ohio,
Indiana, and Illinois.
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of placm 
upon the pension list applicants who shall be able
to prove three months'service in the revolutionary
w«r, agreeably to the requisitions, of the law of
Mr ROBINSON, f.om the Committee on En-
grossed Gills, made a report of the examination
of certain bills refened to that committee
Mr. ROBINSON also presented a memorial
from the Legislature of Illinois on the subject of
canals, which, on his motion, was referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr GRUNDY, m pursuance of notice given
yesterday, mtioduced a bill to amend the several
i-cts relative to the Post Office Department, which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
thLC°'S?!rtt,ee on Post 0fKces and Fo^ Ruads
Rir bLLL, from  the Committee on Claims,
made a report unfavorable to the petition of Guy
oradfbid, which wasagieedto
Mr. BELL, from the same committee, reported
a bill in favor of Caleb Starke, without amend-
ment
Mr S1LSBEE, from the Committee on Com-
mei ce, reponed a bill in favoi of Phmeas Sprague,
without amendment.
A communication, responsive to the following
resolution of Mr EW1NG—
" That the Secretary of State lay before the Sen-
' ate a copy of the commission under which William
'J Duane lately acted as Secretary of the Treas-
' ury, and a copy of the commission undei which
' Roger B Taney now acts as Secretary,"
Was made by the Secretary of State, which was
ordered to lie on the tab'e, and, with the accom-
panying documents, be punted
Mr BROWN, fiom the Committee on Claims,
made an unfavoiable report upon the petition of
James Staike, and mrved that the petitioner have
leave to withdraw his papers, and that the com
mittee be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the same, which vías agreed to
Mr BROWN, from the some committee, made
a similai report in the case of the hens of John
Mercer, deceased, upon which a like order was
made
Mr CHAMBERS moved that the report of the
Commissioner of Public Buildings, now lying
upon the table, be referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia, and be printed, which
was agreed to
Mr POINDEXTER, from the Committee on
Public Lands, made an unfavorable leport upon
the petition of John Martmdale; which was con-
curred in
Mr POINDEXTER, from the samecommittee,
reported unfavorably upon the petition of Andrew
Henshaw, and moved that the petitioner have
leave to withdraw his papers
Mr KING, of Alabama, suggested the pecu-
liar haidships under which the petitioner labored,
and moved to lay thereportupon the table; which,
after a few observations in reply by Mr POIN-
DEXTER, admitting the hardship of the case,
was so directed to be done.
Mr. SWIFT submitted the following resolu-
tion
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to lnquue into the
expediency of establishing a post loute from St.
Alban's, in Veimont, to Plattsburg, in New York.
Mr KING, of Alabama, moved that the Sen-
ate take up for consideration the bill for the relief
of Mountioy Bailey
Mr W RIG HT stated that his object in moving
to lay 'this bill on the table, some days ago, was
to take this opportunity to settle the question
whether interest should be allowed in all cases
upon^commutation or not There were prece-
dents, he remarked, on both sides.
The motion to take up the bill was rejected-
ayes 12, noes not counted.
Mi  KING, of Alabama, gave notice that he
should, on Monday, ask leave to introduce a bill
[ granting lands for the endowment of female
schools in certain western and southwestern
States
I Petitions and memorials were presented by
Messts HENDRICKS.ROB1NSON, WAGGA-
MAN, LINN, TOMLINSON, TIPTON, Mc-
KEAN ROBB1NS, W1LK1NS, and PRES-
IÓN, all of which were referred to appropriate
committees Among the petitions was one pre-
sented by Mr McKEAN, praying the aid of the
Government in rendering navigable the Susque-
hanna river.                                                *
ORDERS OF THE DAT.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the several orders of the day, viz:
The resolution of Mr BLACK,
That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of direct-
ing by law the teims of the district court of the
United States for the district of Mississippi, to be
hereafter held at Jackson, the seat of government
of that State.
The resolution of Mr, TOMLINSON,
That the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
compensating Pnineas Taylor, of Danbury,m the
State of Connecticut, for a horse a.nd other piop-
