34       ________________THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.  _____________    Jan. 7,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January .7, 1834.
Mr. CLAY reported bills for the relief of Wil-
liam Wéeden; of Jeremiah Wasson; and a bill to
grant preemption to land to settlers in township
ten, in the St. Stephen's land district, Alabama;
which were severally read twice, and committed.
Also, a bill for the relief of Joseph Clift; which
was read twice, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, bills for the
relief of the legal representatives of John Thomp-
son, jr.; and for the relief of Samuel A. Edmond-
son.
Mr. MUHLENBERG, a bill for the relief of
John Emerson.
Mr. DUNCAN, a bill to create additional land
districts in Illinois, and two additional land dis-
tricts in Michigan.
Mr. YOUNG, bills for the relief of the legal
representatives of Lucy Vaughan and others; of
Margaret Riter; and for the relief of the legal
representatives of Joseph Torrey.
Mr. CHINN, bills to incorporate the Wash-
ington Ciiy Insurance Company and the Clerks'
Savings Company.
Mr. GILMER, a bill to carry into full effect the
fourth article of the treaty made with the Creek
nation of Indians on the 8th January, 1821.
Mr. ADAMS, of New York, a bill for the re-
lief of Joseph H. Osgood and others; and
Mr. PIERCE, of New Hampshire, a bill for
the relief of Henry Okes.
All which bills were severally read twice and
committed.
The SPEAKER presented a communication
from the President of the united States, with a
report from the Secretary of the Treasury, in
compliance with a request from the House, rela-
tive to the Potomac bridge; which, with the ac-
companying documents, on motion of Mr. MER-
CER, were referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals, and ordered to be printed.
Also, communications from the Secretaries of
State and of the Navy, with lists of the clerks
employed in their respective Departments; which
were laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
The bill making an appropriation for the service
of Government, in part, for 1834, having been
returned with amendments made thereto by the
Senate, was, on motion of Mr. HUBBARD,
committed to the Committee of the Whole.
The bills for the relief of Thomas Rhodes and
James Austin were, on motion of Mr. CONNOR,
committed to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. CARR, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Mar-
guerite Baron, widow of Jean Pierre Ledoux;
which bill was twice read, and committed toa
Committee of the Whole House, and made the
order of the day for to-morrow; and, on motion,
the bill, with the report, was ordered to be printed.
Mr. CARR, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
George Douglass, James Douglass, Stephen Doug-
lass, William House, the heirs of Joseph Doug-
lass, deceased, Samuel House, and James Tant;
which bill was read twice, and committed to a
Committee of the Whole House, and made the
order of the day for to-morrow, and the bill and
report ordered to be printed.
Mr. CARR, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of George
K. Jackson, of Indiana; which was read twice,
and engrossed for its third readmgoti to-morrow!
The House refused to suspend the rule to
enable Mr. FOSTER, of Georgia, to submit a
resolution to extend the time allowed to morning
business.
REMOVAL OF THE DEPOSITES.
The House having resumed the consideration
of the motion to refer the Secretary of the Treas-
ury 's report on the deposites to the Committee of
Ways and Means; and the question being upon
the motion of Mr. McDuffie, to add to the mo-
tion for reference the following instructions to the
said committee:
"With instructions to report a joint resolution,
' providing that the public revenue hereafter col-
* lected shall be deposited in the Bank of the
' United States, in compliance with the public
' faith pledged by the charter of the said bank."
Mr. BINNEY rose and said, the" gentleman
from South Carolina proposes a joint resolution
providing that the public money shall hereaftem be
deposited in the Bank of the United States, in con-
formity with the stipulations of the charter of the
bank.   It, therefore, presents directly the question
of the, sufficiency of the reasons given by the
Secretary of the Treasury for the removal of the
deposites, and brings up the topic of public faith
as connected with the transaction.   He meant to
discuss this question as it became him to discuss
it, on his first entrance into this House, and as it
became one who was but a short time to be con-
nected with the House—he meant to say nothing
which hereafter could be a source of regret.    As
the Secretary's report had come into the House
wearing the form and bearing the name of rea-
sons, he would receive it as such, and try it by the
standard of reason.   He meant to take the Secre-
tary's motives as he alleged them tobe, and to
take his facts as he stated them, unless those facts
should be contradictory to each other on their face,
in which case he must arrive at the truth in the
best manner be could.    He should add no facts to
those adduced by the Secretary, which were not
notorious and undisputed.    Sir, the effort is al-
most unnecessary.   The great practical answer to
the Secretary's reasons is given by the condition
of the country—an answer which nothing can re-
fute, and which it requires no argument to sus- ¡
tain.    It comes to us in the language of truth, and j
soberness, and bitterness, from every part of the
country.    He who can see in the complaints, re- j
monstrances, and prayers of the whole business |
community nothing but a theatrical trick, got up '
for effect by the friends of the bank, will remain
blind till the catastrophe of the drama shall render
them sensible of their delusion.    Sir, the change
produced in this country in the short space of three
months, is without example in the history of any
nation.   In the course of the preceding summer,
the people were delighted and contented with the
adjustment of several of the most fearful questions
which ever agitated the country.   The President,
upon his reelection, was receiving, in the middle
and eastern Staies, more than  the honors of a
Roman triumph from the people of every party,
rank, and age.   Nature poured out abundant har-
vests; trade rewarded the enterprise of our mer-
chants; the spindle and the shuttle, and every other
instrument of the mechanic art, was laboriously
and successfully plied; and internal improvement
was bringing contributions to the general pros-
perity from the remote West.   Universal content
appeared on the broad and happy face of the land.
What causes have dashed to the earth this full cup
of national  happiness and prosperity ?    Sir, we
have in this country one*peculiar subject of de-
rangement, and it is an interest which is insepara-
bly involved and connected with every other__he
meant our currency. We had twenty scores of
banks from which our currency was derived.
They issued from eighty to a hundred millions of
bank paper, and to this amount our usual metallic
currency bore the proportion of not more than one
to seven. Every one can see that the safety of
these banks depends entirely upon the confidence
of the public; that confidence depends upon the
regularity of the machine; and that regularity must
depend upon the proper control of the whole.
Every one can see that this system isiiable at any
time to derangement; that it has worked well since
the incorporation of the United States Bank; and
that it has worked well only in consequence of
the establishment of that bank. That regularity
which was imparted to the system by the United
States Bank is at an end—so far as it can be put at
an end by the orders of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. The balance-wheel of this system—the prin-
ciple of control, regularity, and confidence—we
have thrown away as contemptuously and wan-
tonly as a hoy throws away a whistle. The Gov-
ernment, without warning to the public, had, in
one moment, deranged and dislocated the most
important and critical of all the interests of the
country. The State banks are paralyzed The
Bank of the United States stands still, and it can
do nothing with safety till the extent of the mis-
chief is ascertained and limited. Bank notes were
falling; prices of everything were falling; stocks
were falling, and some had fallen dead. The
whole gravitation of the system was stopped. No
one here can predict the extent of the derange-
ment, or from what new contrivance we shall ob-
tain relief. What, then, has caused this general
stagnation ? It was contrary to true philosophy
to^assume more causes than would be sufficient to
account for a particular effect. We have one
cause—the removal of the public deposites, and
the consequent withdrawal of all regularity or
control from the bank paper currency of the coun-
try.
This, and no other cause, he should attempt to
show, had produced this general embarrassment.
The Secretary of the Treasury, in his poor judg-
ment, had fallen into one error, for which he
could not be easily excused. The honorable
member from Tennessee had committed the same
mistake. They held up two great objects for
our sole consideration—the Bank and the Ad-
ministration. The principles and views of the
Administration, according to them, are to be car-
ried out, and the bank must yield and give way
to them. But the country, upon which the whole
conequences of the measure are to fall, is not
considered as having any interest in the question.
Those consequences we have in full view before
us—the bank stands undismayed, undisturbed—
the Government struggles and shifts—the country
is paralyzed, stupefied, sacrificed. The question
for this House to determine is, whether we, too
shall forget and neglect the country, or wheth
we shall use our endeavors to put it again on its
feet, and aid it in recovering from the effects of an
envenomed shaft which was aimed at the bank,
but which glanced off and struck deep into the
vitals of the country.
In the year 183a the amount of bills of ex-
change purchased by the bank was $67,516,600;
in the next half year upwards of forty-one mil-
lions.   The amount of bills collected in the same
time was thirty-one millions.   The bank drafts
and the notes received out of "the place where
the bank was obliged to pay them, amounted to
a still larger sum.   The notes of State banks re-
ceived where they were not payable was over
twenty millions.    Mr. B. went into statements
to show that the whole amount of the sums ex-
changed by the bank in 1832 was ¿241,717,910.
The foreign exchange, in addition to this, was
over nine millions.    The whole expenses of this
agency to the country was less than one eleventh
of one per cent, upon the amount exchanged.
This showed the inseparable manner in which
this bank was connected with the business and
interests of the country.   The average amount of
loans and discounts of the bank, in  1832, was
sixty-six millions.    In 1833,- sixty-one millions.
Now, it appeared to him that he did no injustice
to the Secretary of the Treasury to say that it
was the design of the act of removal to break up
the whole machine; that it was not a casual act,
the results of which were unforeseen, but intended
to force the circulation from the people back into
the bank; to cut off the connection of the bank
with the people, and confine her within her own
marble walls.    Whether this was the design or
not, this was the effect—to take her away "from
the people and compel her to wind up     Can any
one wish a better reason than this for the stagna-
tion, the syncope,ihe embarrassment of the coun-
try ?   Sir, the only and the true reason lies in that
act—the removal of the deposites.    It is not the
consequence of the removal often millions of dol-
lars from one bank into another, but it was the
consequence of the removal taken together with
the object of removal.   The removal of the depos-
ites, as an itftulated circumstance, could be pro-
ductive of no   important results.    The conse-
quences arose from the state of the country in
connexion with the doctrine he had advanced.
The bank, in six months previous to January,
1834, had  reduced her currency about  nine mil-
lions of dollars.    The Bank of the United States,
on the 11th of August, 1833, held nine or ten
millions of dollars of public money.    How was
she to pay it?   The answer was, whenever and
wherever the Secretary of the Treasury orders.
Ihe opponents of the bank say she should have
paid it in specie.   Suppose she had—if it had any
