86
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 8,
Mr WAGGAMAN proposed that the resolu-
tions be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr POINDEXTER conceived that the proper
reference would be to the Committee on Public
Lands.
After some conversation between these gentle-
men, the vote was taken upon the reference to the
Committee on Foreign Relations, and carried—
ayes 24, noes not counted.
The following resolutions were submitted, and
he one day upon the table:
By Mr SPRAGUE,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Library
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
subscribing, for the use of Congress, to a new sta-
tistical work proposed to be published by George
Watterson.
ByMr.MANGUM,
Resolved, That the resolution adopted on the
14th of May, 1830, directing the Secretary of the
Senate to contract with the printer of the House
of Representatives for copies of the documents
printed by order of the House, be, and the same
is hereby, rescinded.
By Mr KENT,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
propriety of so modifying the law regulating
the Post Office Department as to authorize the
transmission by mail of such books and public
records, whether bound or m boards, as the Ex-
ecutive of the respective States are in the habit of
interchanging with each other, upon such teims
as will best comport with the importance of the
object.
By Mr. PORTER,
Rcolvei, That the Postmaster General be di-
rected to report to the Senate the number of fail-
ures which have occurred during the last twelve
months in carrying the mail between the city of
Washington and New Orleans by the southern
route, and the number and amount of forfeitures
enforced by him in consequence of those failures
during the same period.
ORDERS OF THE DAY.
The resolution of Mr LINN,
That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of transporting the mail from Louisville, Ken-
tucky, to St Louis, Missouri, in steamboats,
And the rebolution of Mr KING, of Alabama,
That the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of makin  an appropriation for the comple-
tion of the post road fiom Line Creek to the Chat-
tahoochee—
Were taken up and adopted
Petitions and memorial* were presented by
Messrs TOMLtNSON, PRELINGHUYSEN,
BIBB, WAGGAMAN, LINN, and PORTER,
which were referred to appropnate committees
Mr W1LKINS presented a petition from the
board of trustees of Alleghany College, in Penn-
sylvania, stating that they proposed incorporating
manual labor with collegiate studies, and asking
Congress to grant them lands to carry into effect
their object, which, on motion of Mr WILK1NS,
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
The following bills fiom the House of Repre-
sentatives were ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time:
A bill for the relief of John Haggertyand David
Austin [This bill was improperly stated yester-
day as having passed ]
A bill for the relief of Benjamin C Minturn
A bill for the relief of John Hone & Sons, of
New York.
A bill for the relief of Enoch Spencer.
A bill for the relief of Phmeas Sprague and
others.
A bill for the relief of John Harter.
A bill for the relief of the widow and heirs of
Felix Adrain
A bill for the relief of Ebenezer Lobdell
A bill for the relief of the Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad Company
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Robert La-
barr.
Mr. RIVES presented a memorial of the lepre-
sentatives of General Thomas Nelson, deceased,
praying compensation for services in the revolu-
tionary war, which was referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. RIVES also piesented the memorial of cer-
tain citizens of Virginia, asking relief for damages
sustained by French spoliations prior to 1800,
which he declined sending for the present to the
select committee on that subject, they having made
a report this morning, and moved that the memo-
rial be laid upon the table
Mr. HENDRICKS reported a bill for the relief
of George Kinn, which was lead and committed
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the special order of the day.
THE REMOVAL OF THE DEPOSITES.
The question being on the motion of
Mr. BENTON to stake out Mr. Clay's
second resolution and insert the amend-
ment—
Mr. SOUTHARD said that he desired
to express his views on this question, but
a resolution had been interposed as an
amendment, on which he had no wish to
say anything. Any remarks which he
might be disposed to make now, ought,
agreeably to parliamentary usage, to be
upon the amendment, and therefore it was
his desire that the question should be put
on the amendment, and he would there-
fore, reserve what he hid to say on the
general question until that should be dis-
posed of, he therefore asked the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
Mr. FORSYTH said that this question
had come up very unexpectedly. The
gentleman who offered the amendment
[Mr. Benton] was not in his seat, and as
he could not possibly have expected this
state of things, he would move to lay the
subject on the table.
Mr. CLAY hoped not.
Mr. GRUNDY did not feel willing to
lay the matter on the table. He would
rather the gentleman fiom Missouri [Mr
Benton] should be present, but yet he
thought the motion of the gentleman fiom
New Jersey [Mr Southard] a very proper
one. He (xVIr. G ) had no desire to say
a word on the main question, but he
wished that the Senate might be full. The
gentleman [Mr B ] lived very near the
Capitol, and if the Senate would delay a
few minutes, he thought he would be in.
The motion to lay on the table was
lost.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, said he thought
the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr.
Southard] was not right in his view.
The whole subject was open for discus-
sion on the motion to strike out, and he
hoped the gentleman would take up the
subject as he proposed to do.
Mr. POINDEXTER said he had a sin-
gle remark to make. The great subject
under consideration grew out of the rea-
sons of the Secretary of the Tieasury for
his removal of the Government deposites.
The amendment of the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Benton] has no televancy
to this question whatever. It was a dis-
tinct substantive proposition, and one in
which he would ceitnnly succeed if it
weie made agreeably to parliamentary
usage.    The gentleman could have Mr.
Biddle's testimony, as well as that of any
other person. He could have it by the
appointment of a committee of investiga-
tion. But while the Senator from Mis-
souri was considering the reasons of the
Secretary, he concludes hi  speech of four
day's continuance, by moving a question
which was m no way connected with the
subject. He thought the Senator [Mr.
Southard] was right in desiring to dis-
entangle this from the great subject, and
therefoie he hoped an immediate question
would be taken upon the amendment,
which he considered frivolous. Placed
where it was, it might, indeed, be said to
be ridiculous, because it placed the Sen-
ate in the attitude of a grand jury, impan-
nelled to try certain charges against the
officers of the United States Bank. He
hoped the Senate would either get rid or
or adopt the proposition, so that an in-
quiry might be had into the sufficiency of
the reasons of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury for the removal of the deposites.
Mr. FORSYTH said that the Senator
not now in his seat could not have antici-
pated that such would be the fate of his
resolution. He hoppd to hear the íemarks
of the Senator ft omNevs Jersey, he desired
no delay, but he tiusted that this proposi-
tion would not be hurried on when it had
been thus violently assailed by the gentle-
man, [Mr. Poindexter.] But he, Mr. F.,
would say that the proposition has relation
to the question before the Senate. He
begged leave to call attention to it. Mr.
F. read the amendment.
Now, sir, said Mr. F., what is the sub-
ject before the Senate > It is a condemna-
tion of the reasons of the Secretary of the
Treasuiy for an official act. And among
those reasons there was a charge against
the Bank of the United States for the im-
proper curtailment of its discounts, and
the improper manner of doing it, .and that
it had interfered in elections, and ptosti-
tuted its means for political pui poses.
Now, has it not relation to the subject'
As respects the piopnety of the proposed
course of calling witnesses to the bar of
the Senate, that was a very different ques-
tion. He was not quite satisfied that it
was correct. But the proposition was
certainly in order, and it ought not to ex-
cite the surprise of the gentleman from
Mississippi, [Mr. P] He, Mr. F., con-
curred in some respects with the views of
the gentleman, [Mr Benton,] but he was
not satisfied to take the statements of the
Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. F was here told that Mr. Bekton was m
the Chamber, and he then resumed his seat
The VICE PRESIDENT having stated the
question,                                                    «
Mr. KANE asked for a division of it, to end
with striking out
The VICE PRESIDENT read the rule, to show
that the motion was not in order.
■Mr. BENTON said he did not wish to embar-
rass gentlemen by pressing his amendment, but
suggested his readiness to modify it by a motion
to strike out and afterwards to insert, but he did
not consider it material
The question being on theadoption of the amend-
ment in lieu of the second resolution,
Mr CHAMBERSdemandedtheyeas and nays,
which were ordered, and are as follows, to wit:
