88
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 8,
Where bad the Secretary told us that he had placed
these sums at the disposal of the banks for their „
relief? Nowhere. He has concealed it, and it
was a most disingenuousconcealment. We know
it now from the correspondence of the banks with
the Treasurer. But the drafts are said to be con-
tingents, and that the banks should use the money
if pressed by the United States Bank. He has
drawn this money, or made it subject to be drawn, |
and placed it on a. contingency to be judged of by
the banks to whom they were given. What, then,
is this but a loan to these banks to support their
credit.' What else could it be ? Was it for the
purpose of doing what the laws required ? Are
Senators prepared to say that the Secretary, could
loan the people's money to the banks for their own
use, and this done, too, without security ? Where
is the security ? Is it in the bond of the cashier?
Would the bank itself have been bound to answer
to the Government for this money ? Certainly not,
until it was placed within its vaults. The cashier
might have drawn it and gone off with it, and not
a. single dollar of it could ever have been recovered
—it would have been thrown on the waves without
the means of ever reaching it again. And while
these drafts were in the cashier's hands, what was
the situation of the books of the Treasury ? They
would have shown the transfer, and if it had been
lost, the loss would have been on the Treasurer
himself. This act of the Secretary is a most ex-
traordinary transaction; and he would only say,
thatif the Secretary can do this, and Congress has
been so negligent of its duty, and has provided no
guards to the public Treasury, it becomes us now
to repair the defect, and if any thing had been omit-
ted he hoped it would be so no longer. But Con-
gress has not neglected its duty. It has secured
guards enough around the Treasury. But we are*
told that new guards have been placed round it to
save it from plunder. And what are these new
guards ? The mode of sending notices to the banks
of drafts to prevent frauds. Sir, the mode of
drawing money out of the Treasury has always
been a uniform one. Foul" years ago we heard
much about these Treasury guards. And this is
only another instance to the many preceding it of
trifles lighter than air being used for political
effcct.and to promote political objects. The drafts
were-in violation of the charter of the bank and of
the laws. They were secret. Theofficershad not
the courage, or if they had, they had not the hon-
esty, to announce the possession of them. And
the danger impending from that cause over the
public treasure, and the imprudence of the act,
were not creditable to the sagacity of the Secretary.
Two millions of drafts were in the hands of cash-
iers totally irresponsible, which might have been
presented at a moment's warning, and yet we are
told that the Bank of the United States acted dis-
honestly and oppressively in guarding against
them. That in these very guards it had violated its
charter and been guilty of gross misconduct, be-
cause it had placed a shield around itself to avoid
the assaults of those who ought to protect and sus-
tain it. Sir, said Mr. S.,if the Senate will sustain
the reasons of the Secretary, there are no longer
any guards upon the public Treasury. The Pres-
ident of the United States and Secretary of the
Treasury may take it when and to where they
please, and he would ask, was the Senate prepared
to justify the act? But an apology had been offered
for this act of the Secretary, that they were transfer
drafts. And what, he would ask, is a transfer draft ?
It is simply this: the money of the Government ¡9
in a particular place where it is not wanted, and
they wish it transferred to a place where they do
want it for disbursement. For instance, the money
is in the bank at Philadelphia, and it is wanted in
Norfolk. A draft is drawn on the bank in Phil-
adelphia to place it in Norfolk to meet the demands
of the Government there. It is a mere letter of
advice to place it where the Government wants it.
It is not properly a draft to take money away from
the bank on which it is drawn, but merely tochange
its place of disbursement. When was this transfer
draft ever used to place the people's money in the
hands of other banks for their own- use ? Never.
Was it ever to be used to take money from one
part of a town to another part? The object of the
Government is to pay its debts, and nothing else.
And what is the effect of this transfer, according
to the doctrine of the|Seeretary? Why, if in taking
it from one man and giving it to another it should
be lost, the Government loses it, and not the bank.
It is an entire change of the responsibilities of the
agents, and the moment the bank loses possession
of the money it loses its liabilities. The transfer
must always be made where the tegal responsi-
bility is the same in the agent to which it is trans-
ferred as in that from which it is taken. While
he viewed the subject in this light, he must believe,
and he must vote, too, that there has been here a
most shameful abuse of power and violation of
official duty by the Secretary. There is no relief
for the act to be found in saying that Congress has
placed no guard around the Treasury, and there-
fore it can be done. Congress has provided ample
guards. He viewed it as a direct violation of
law. The law has directed the manner in which
the money should be taken out of the Treasury,
and its directions have not been pursued. The
proofs offered by the gentleman from Kentucky
were, to his mind, conclusive. And hefelt impelled
to say that the time when this act was done drew
none of his respect towards it. It was done when
the Secretary knew he could not accomplish the
act and the purposes designed, unless done before
the meeting of Congress. He knew it was a
. question of momentous interest and importance;
that if deferred, it must agitate Congress in their
deliberations, while they were making arrange-
ments for depositing the public money elsewhere 
He knew that he would be insulting Congress,
and that Congress would not approve of the act.
Recollect almost the last act of the representatives
I of the people, when called on by the highest
authority to act, was to express their opinion, as
the representatives of the people, that the public
money was safe in the United States Bank; and
yet, in six months, and within sixty days of the
next meeting of Congress, a Secretary of the
Treasury is found disregarding the opinion of
Congress, and it may be said acting in direct vio-
lation of their instructious. The Secretary knew
all this—ay, more-, he knew that if the money was
once removed, it would require a law, or a joint
resolution of Congress, to restore it. He knew,
and he believed, too, if he could get the money
out, that unless two thirds of both Houses could
be obtained in favor of the restoration, a single
word from the# President would veto it. Sir, it
was to prevent the legislative action that this act
was done. And is there a parallel to it in history?
Is there in all history an instance of greater scorn
towards the Legislature? No, sir! A Secretary
does an act within sixty days of the meeting of
Congress, and by this act bereaves Congress of
their whole power over the Treasury of the Union.
He (Mr. S.) stood here to maintain the authority
of Congress, and he would maintain its power over
the Treasury of the country.
Here Mr. SOUTHARD yielded the floor to
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN, upon whose motion
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPEE3ENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 8, 1834.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing letter from Mr. Bollard:
House of Representatives,
January 8, 1834.
Sm: I have the honor to inform you that my
seat in the House of Representatives of the United
States, over which you preside,has become vacant,
by resignation addressed to the Executive of the
State of Louisiana.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant,                H. A. BULLARD.
Hon. Andrew Stevenson,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Which was laid on the table.
Mr. WHITTLESEY reported a bill for the
relief of Francois Suzor;
Mr. GHOllSON, a bill for the relief of Henry
and Robert Sewell;
Mr. McKIM, a bill for the relief of the crew of
the brig Sarah George;
Mr. SELDEN, a bill making an appropriation
for the improvement of the Hudson river;
Mr. R. M.JOHNSON, a bill to provide for the
support of the widowsand orphans of such officers
of the Army as die whilst in the service of the
United States;
Mr. HARPER, a bill making an appropriation
for the erection of a marine hospital at Portland,
Maine;
Mr. MANN, a bill for the relief of W. L.
Cockerill; and
Mr. SUTHERLAND, a bill for the relief of
James Marsh;
All which bills were severally read twice and
committed.
Mr. POLK, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, reported that that committee had agreed
to the amendments made by the Senate to the bill
making an appropriation in part for the service of
Government for 1834; and the bill was then com-
mitted to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
REMOVAL OF THE DEPOSITES.
The House having resumed the consideration of
the motion to refer the Secretar? of the Treasury's
report on the deposites to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and the question being upon the mo-
tion of Mr. McDuffie to add to the motion for
reference the following instruciions to the said com-
mittee: " With instructions to reporta joint reso-
' lution, providing that the public revenue hereafter
' collected shall be deposited in the Bank of theUni
' ted States, in compliance with the public faith
1 pledged by the charter of the said bank;"
Mr. BINNEY rose and said, that in the
remarks which he had the honor to ad-
dress to the House yesterday, he had con-
cluded what he had to say upon the first
of the general propositions to be found in
the letter of the Secretary of the Treasury,
but which was not sustained by any argu-
ment from him. He would now proceed
to discuss the second proposition, which
was one affecting, as he viewed it, the
House as a component part of the Legis-
lature, and affecting, also, their whole legis-
lative power in the most critical and vital
parts, as would appear from the statement
of the Secretary itself. It was in terms
that the power reserved to the Secretary
of the Treasury does not depend for its
exercise merely on the safety of the pub-
lic money in the hands of the bank, nor
upon the fidelity with which it has con-
ducted itself; but that he has the right to
i remove the deposites, and it is his duty to
¡remove them whenever the public interest
or convenience will be promoted by the
change; that even although Congress
should be convinced that the depository
was unsafe, or that the interests of the
people imperiously demanded the removal,
he alone, no't they, had any control in the
matter. These were the terms of the
Secretary himself, and the House must
perceive, that this must be their plain
meaning ; and forthus stating it so plainly,
he acknowledged that much benefit was
thereby procured for those gentlemen who
were disposed to controvert him ; for if his
propositions had not been put so plainly,
or had been given in an ambiguous man-
ner, when they discussed the subject, it
might be alleged that what they urged
was not an answer to the proposition at
all. Now, he called on the House to rec-
ollect that this proposition denied the
power of the House, and was put-forward
by the Secretary as a justification of his
own acts. This was a question as to the
interpretation to be given to the terms of
a statute , it was a question of the exten-
sion of authority or restraint to be ascer-
i tained from the reasons and within the
