94
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan 9,
probnum of the bench and the scorn of the people.
Mr Binmet then read the account a3 detailed by
Bishop Burnett, in his " History of his Own
Times.'2                                 .      ,     ,    _,
The state of the country requires that the depos-
ites should be restored, without any immediate or
ultimate reference to the renewal of the charter.
If the charter will be renewed, then should the de-
posites be restored,m order to preserve the equili-
brium of the currency; and if not, still should they
be restored agreeably to the terms of the charter,
till Congress should consider it proper to order
otherwise. But if he were careless of the conse-
quences resulting to the country from a deranged
currency and a pecuniary pressure, he would
by all means advise that they should not be re-
stored, but scattered about as at present, till ruin
would inevitably stare them in the face, and dis-
order brood ovei the rums of the commerce of the
country.
At the expiration of Us charter the batik and its
* customers, those at least to whom the bank is
indebted, and those who are indebted to it, must
exercise a mutual forbearance. The bank will be
aa much compelled to conciliate to its debtors as
its debtors must do to it Punctuality cannot be ex-
pected on both sides; for it will be no trifling mat-
ter for the bank to withdraw its circulation of fifty
millions of discounts and bills. But if the pres-
sure is to be continued in reversion at the expira-
tion of the charter, it is perhaps better that it should
now be encountered, while there is some hope of
being enabled to arrest some of the evils necessa-
rily consequent upon a state of derangement and
constitutional violation. The country will not
then be better enabled to bear the evils than now.
The nation will gain nothing by delay. The peo-
ple will be but Tittle benefited, except that they
will, to their cost, perceive the indispensable util-
ity of the present bank, or one established on a
similar basis There is no true wisdom, no true
courage in postponing the evil day, a shipwreck
of the State will occur, and few will, perhaps,
prove fortunate to save even a plank from the
wreck,except by means of their own devisal All
are as well braced now as they will be hereafter,
except they acquire additional means of support.
And unless some remedy be speedily and surely
provided, those evils will be found true, oppres-
sive, disastious.
Mr B concluded his address by an eloquent
peroration, but which was unfortunately not dis-
tinctly heard in the reporter's seat, partly from the
hurried enunciation of the speaker and the smother-
ed accents of his cadences in their die away falls
Yet sufficient was heard to learn that he pro-
nounced a warm eulogy on Mr. McDuffie; to learn
that he besought the House not to treat the ques-
tion as one of party pretensions, but rather as one
afiecting the general interests of the community; as
one involving the purity of the Constituion, the
stability of contracts, and the permanence of a free
Government, as a question involving public faith,
national existence, and the honor and integrity of
the country at home and abroad All friends of
freedom throughout the earth are interested m the
decision of the question. Justice and patriotism—
impartial justice and enlightened patriotism, will
view the decision as one of common importance
and feeling, and if defeated they will surrender
their hopes of liberty prostrated at the altar of the
spirit of party.
Ms B spoke to-day for one hour and a half.
Mr CAMBRELENG said that he was sensi-
ble of the responsibility he had assumed in at-
tempting to follow the able and eloquent gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr Bwnet ] He did not
now rise for the purpose of proceeding with the
debate, although he was prepared to do so should
such be the decision of the House Before doing
so he felt bound to waive all personal consider-
ations, and to submit a motion to arrest, if possible,
the further progress of the debate He knew that
the previous question was obnoxious to a portion
of the most decided opponents of the bank—he
respected the motives of the gentlemen, and if the |
House should decide against it, he should submit'
with great deference to its judgment and go on I
With the question He begged the House to un-
derstand that he submitted the motion with reluc-
tance He had never, to his recollection, made
such a motion befoie    He felt himself compelled,
from his peculiar position, to take the earliest
opportunity to arrest the further agitation of a
question which was so distressing, not only to the
district which he had the honor to represent in
part, but to the whole country. Whether this
debate should be continued weeks or months—if
the question should be kept in suspense for two
years—the country must continue to be disturbed
It was nothing but a struggle of the Bank of the
United States for a new charter, and it would ulti-
mately turn its batteries on the North, South,
East, or West. He did not mean to impute to the
president and directors any other motives than
those common to all such institutions, any other
bank would struggle in the same manner. Be-
lieving as they do that the institution is absolutely
necessary to the country, they conduct their meas-
ures regardless of all other considerations but the
main one of obtaining a renewal of its charter
The more the country is distressed, as they think,
the more certain they are of obtaining their object.
By arresting the progress of the debate at this
stage, after the able defence of the gentleman fiom
Pennsylvania, the friends of the bank could have
no right to complain. They had a month ago
evinced greatanxiety to have this question prompt-
ly decided. He was satisfied if it continued another
month, it would terminate at last only with the
previous question. The motion now pending had
been effectually decided three different times by
the House. The last question upon the memorial
of the Philadelphia banks—which memorial con-
cluded with the very words of the motion of the
gentleman from South Carolina—was referred to
the Committee on Ways and Means. He begged
the House to understand that he submitted the
motion from a sense of public duty, if they
decided against it, he should proceed with the
debate.
The motion of Mr CAMBRELENG was lost
by a majority of 108 to 89
He then made a motion to adjourn the debate
till to-day.
The House then, by consent, proceeded to trans-
act ordinary business.
The SPEAKER presented a communication
from the Secretary of War, with an account of the
expenditure of the contingent fund, also from
the Secretary of the Navy, with a statement of
various contracts for the last year, which were
severally laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Several private bills from the Senate were read
by their titles, and having been passed through
their first and second stages, were referred to the
standing committees.
The House then, on motion of Mr POLK, re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr McIntire m the chair,)
and proceeded to consider the bills making ap-
propriation for the service of the Navy for 1834,
and for the Indian department, which were sev
eraliy agreed to.
The bill making appropriation, in part, for the
service of Government, commonly called the
House appropriation bill, having been returned
by the Senate, with an amendment thereto striking
out a proviso originally in the bill when sent from
the House, to prohibit either House from direct-
ing the purchase of books or the printing of them
not warranted by law,
Mr. POLK moved that the committee disagree
to the amendment, which motion was briefly de-
bated by Messrs McDUFFIE, WHITTLESEY,
ADAMS, EDWARD EVERETT. GORHAM,
and CLAY
An amendment to the amendment of the Senate,
moved by Mr. EVERETT, granting $1,000 to
the Joint Library Committee, was agreed to
And the question on Mr. POLK'S motion being
put, it was negatived.
Thereupon the committee rose and reported the
several bills to the House.
The bills granting appropriations for the Indian
department, and for the naval service, were then
ordered to be engrossed for their third reading to-
morrow.
The amendment granting §1,000 to the Library
Committee was not concuried in by the House,
and the question then being on coneu-rng with
the amendment of the Senate to the bill making
appropriations for the service of Government for
1834, before any final action was had thereon,
The House adjourned
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 10, 1834
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by the hands of Mr Donelson,
his Private Secretary
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN submitted the fol-
lowing resolution, the immediate consideration of
which he asked of the Senate:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to inform the Senate of the construction
which has been given by that Department to the
act passed at the last session of Congress entitled
" An act to modify the act of the 14th of July,
1832, and all other acts imposing duties on im-
ports," and also to furnish copies of such instruc-
tions as may have been given to collectors regulat-
ing their duty under the said act
Mr CLAY said he was glad the gentleman had
presented this resolution. If the information which
he had íeceived, relative to the construction given
to the act of last session by the Secretary of the
Treasury was correct, it was necessary that there
should be prompt legislation on the subject. He
had heard that the Secretary had nut a construc-
tion on that act by which the minimum duties on
cotton fabrics were entirely swept away, and the
duties brought down from 80 to 20 per cent. It
was a construction which, if persevered in, would
expose to inevitable destruction the whole cotton
manufacture of the country, and especially that of
printing. He wished that a fair experiment should
be made under the act of last session, and that that
might be done the construction ought to be in
accordance with the plain meaning and intent of
Congress, and not by Treasury mterpietation.
Mr. WEBSTER said that this subject had never
attracted his attention, or come under his notice,
until this morning. He had received the same
I information which the gentleman from Kentucky
had, in relation to this matter, and he did not hes-
itate to say that if the construction given by the
Secretary of the Treasury be correct, it would be
an entire prostration of the whole cotton manufac-
ture of this country. While the bill was pending
during the last session, he gave an opinion as to
the fair and just construction of the act, and some
of the gentlemen near him would remember that
he then asked from them the expression of their
opinions on the subject in writing, which were
given, adverse to that supposed to be held by the
Secretary. He, therefore, concurred in the opin-
ion of the necessity of obtaining the imputed con-
struction, whatever it might be If that were ti ue,
millions upon millions would not compensate for
the injury which would be inflicted upon that
branch of the national industry, the manufacture
of cotton fabrics. The information came upon
him at a blow—he was not prepared for it. Op-
posed, as he was, to the passage of the law at the
iast session, he then saw no such consequences to
be apprehended from it, and he was sure the gen-
tleman from Kentucky himself, who introduced
the bill, did not and could not have anticipated
such a thing. It was true he saw that such a con-
struction might be given to it, and he did hope
that it might turn out that the Secretary did not
give it such a construction as had been imputed to
him He was, theiefore, in favor of the imme-
diate adoption of the resolution.
Mr FORSYTH said he was not opposed to
the resolution. But he thought that when the
Secretary's construction was asserted, we could
understand better, whether it was m violation of
the law, or only a mistake He thought theteims
of the resolution were too broad—it asked for the
construction siven to all the laws on the subject
Mr FRELINGHUYSEN explained his object.
Mr FORSYTH thought that the constiuction
given to the act of last session wouM, peihapt,
show everything that was wanted.
The resolution was theft agreed to
Mr ROBBIES, from the Library Committee,
reported a joint resolution for the puichase of tei
copies of the laws of the United States, whiJi
was read a first and second time
Mr TIPTON, fiom the Committee on Indian
Aliens, reported a bill for ¡he relief of Fiancis La
