1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
95
Fontaine and Sons; which was read a first time,
and the report accompanying it ordered to be
printed
Mi. TIPTON, from the Committee on Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of Thomas Richard-
son.
Mr. TIPTON, from the same committee, to
whom was retened the petition of Samuel and
James ———, of Indiana, believing the subject
involved a legal question, moved us ¡eference to
the Committee on the Judiciary, which was or-
dered.
Mr. WRIGHT, from theCommittes on Claims,
repoited a bill for the relief of Philip Hickey.
Mi WRIGHT, from the same committee,
moved that the petition of Thomas Cutts, jr* be
refeired to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. POINDEXTER, fiom the Committee on
Public Lands, repoited a bill favoiable to the set-
tlers on public lands, with an amendment.
Mi .POINDEXTER, from the same committee,
reported unfavorably to the petition of William
Churchell, which was agreed to, and the petitioner
had leave to withdraw his papers.
Mr. WEBSTER, from the Committee on Pi-
nance, to whom was referred the petition of-------
Langhorn, moved that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims; which was agreed
to.
Mr. POINDEXTER, fiom the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill in favor of John
Kirkpatrick; which was read a first and second
time.
Mi. POINDEXTER, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of AnnaHowaidPen-
rose; which was read twice and commuted.
ORDERS OF THE DAY.
The resolution of Mr. ROBBINS,
That the Joint Library Committee be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of a propoMtion to
be made by Congress to the Parliament of Great
Britain, to interchange and exchange copies of the
acts and  proceedings of their  respective bodies,
fiom year to yeai,and also  the expediency  of ¡
doing the same thing with regard to the legislative
Chambers of Prance,
The resolution of Mr. HENDRICKS,
That the Secretary of War be directed to com-
municate to the Senate a report of the agent re-
cently employed in examining the Cumberland
íoíd west of the Ohio river—
Were taken up and adopted.
Mr. POINDEXTER moved that when the Sen-
ate adjourns, it will adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. WEBSTER hoped the gentleman would
not press his motion, but that the Senate would !
meet to rroirow,soas to proceed in the discussion |
of the jmportantquestion now under consideration.
It was important to have as eai ly an expression of
the Senate upon it as could be obtained eons'stent-
ly with a desire to accord to gentlemen an oppor-
tunity of debating it
Mr. POINDEXTER said he was as anxious as
the gentleman could be to dispose of the question
alluded to, but it was the usage to adjourn over to
Monday, and oesides, there was a mass of busi-
ness of importance in the Senate, which should
be acted on by the committees. Fie thought, how-
ever, that an eaily expression of opinion upon that
important question was -very desirable, and he
would be the last man to mteipose any difficulty
to delay or prevent it
Mi. WEBSTER thought the reason sufficient.
Mr FORSYTH wished toleain what was to be
gained by the debate upon the question in us pres-
ent attitude befoie the Senate. He had understood
the gentleman from Massachusetts, the other day,
to express a desire to alford benalors an oppoitu-
nity of expressing then opinions upon it, if he
understood him correctly now, he expresbeda wish
to have the opinion or action of the Senate upon it
Mr WEBSTER designed the expressions as
equivalent, and to be understood in either sense
líe said the other day, that it was proper to refer
the report to the Committee on Finance, and that
the eommittee should ieport tbeieon befoie the ulu-
late decision of the Senate should be had on it
It was a matter of mdiffeience to him whethei the
decision of the Senate should precede or succeed
the report of the committee.   As to its reference,
that, too, was entirely at the pleasure of the Sen-
ate
Mr FORSYTH said it was his impression that
the report ought, in the first instance,* to have been
referred to the Committee on Finance as the appro-
priate committee. He wished tobe informed in
what shape the question was to be finally presented
to the Senate for its decision.
Mr. WEBSTER said, if he had the volition of
the Senate in his hand he could reply to the gen-
tleman. He could not give an opinion what the
Senate might choose to do; he could only say, for
one, that before the appointment of the Committee
on Finance, the discussion of the resolutions had
begun and been progressed in. He wished to
interpose for the purpose of bringing it before
the committee as early as possible; but when was
he to do it, and what gentleman was he to cut off
by the motion > He said the other day that as
soon as he could, with propriety and courtesy to
Senators, he would move the reference of the re-
port Whether he voted for the íesolutions or
against them, he desired the action of the com-
mittee on the i eport.
Mr. POINDEXTER'S motion was adopted.
At ten minutes before one Mr. CHAMBERS
moved that the Senateproceed to the special order
of the day—
THE REMOVAL OF THE DEPOSITES.
Mr. SOUTHARD then resumed, and con-
cluded his speech, when—
Mr. CALHOUN rose, and after expressing a
wish to be heard, moved that the Senate adjourn,
but, at the suggestion of Mr. POINDEXTER, he
withdiew it for the present, and on Mr P.'s mo-
tion, the Senate went into the consideration of
Executive business until adjournment.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 10, 1834.
Mr. EVANS, fiom the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill for the lehef of Judith
Thomab and Daniel Palmer.
Mr. CONNOR reported a bill for the relief of
George Brown.
Mr MARSHALL, a bill for the relief of the
legal íepresentatives of Samuel Gibbs.
Mr CLAY, of Alabama, a bill for the relief of
William K Paulding; and another for the relief
of William Haslett.
Mr. LAWRENCE, a bill for the relief of Jo-
seph W. Walstead, of Marblehead, master and
owner of the schooner Sally, and for the crew of
said vessel.
Mr. POLK, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, leported a bill making appropriations for
diffeientfoitifications throughout the United States
for the year 1834, and a second bill making appro-
priations foi Indian annuities, and other similar
objects for the year 1&34 Both were read twice,
and committed to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The order of the day was then stated to-be the
consideration of Mr. SELDEN'S motion, as
amended, that the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of re-
quiring the commissioners of the sinking fund
forthwith to puichase or otherwise redeem the five
pei cent stocks of the United Spates, and diiectmg
the Secretary of the Treasuiy, from time to time,
to place under the control ot said commissioners
such funds not otherwise lequned for the puipose
of the Government, as shall be necessary foi that
object, and in case of deficiency, to sell so much
of the stock of the Bank of the United States be
longing to the Government as will enable them to
complete the purchase
Mr STEWART, of Pennsylvania, strenuously
objected to the lesolution as pioposed by thegen-
tlemin fiom New Yoik; because, by rendering it
I imperative to redeem the public debt, it will have
1 the effect of increasing the price of the debt, and
therearenotfunds adequate to extinguían the debt
without doing injustice to others The commis-
sioners of the sin king fund have ah eady the powei,
if they had the means, to íedeem the deut. He
would, therefore, move that the motion of Mr.
Selben be laid on the table.
Mr. SELDEN. of New York, being permitted
to enforce his resolution, asserted that, from the
report of the Secretary ot the Treasury, there were
now in the Treasury funds sufficient to extinguish
the debt; and that if there are funds to pay the
outstanding debt of the nation, it is imperative on
the Government to redeem, rather than maintain
it by a system of oppressive taxation. The Sec-
retary reports mat his balance is $9,383.000,
deducting appropriations made. Is it not, there-
fore, propel, that with this accumulation of una-
vailable iunds in the hands of the Government,
that the debt should be extinguished> The argu-
ment that an Older for a compulsory redemption of
the debt would advance the article in the market,
is not valid, because compulsory, no more than
voluntary, payment will not and cannot tend to
increase the demand; and, therefore, not enhance
the price. It is merely fanciful to assert that the
debt will thus be liable to increase; for as there is
but a certain amount of principal bearing a determ-
inate interest, no increase can be effected of^ither
principal or mteiest. They can produce but a
particular amount. They are not subject to fluc-
tuation, and nevei can advance in price. Demand
or supply does not affect the five per cent, stocks.
They are as bank notes, bearing a specific value,
but not like bank stocks subjected to all the flnrtua-
tions of demand and supply. He, therefore, con-
siders it essential that they should be paid off m a
certain time. Is the Secretary of theTieasury to
be peí muted to keep in the Treasury finances for
no available or appiopnated purpose, while the
outstanding debt of the nation is unredeemed, and
the country taxed to maintain it, taxed at an
amount of five per cent, yearly, while the una-
vailable funds bear no income whatever> The
Government derives nothing fiom the suiplus
reienue, the banks receiving the deposites deuve
all that can be expected. He hoped that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means will prepare a law-
instructing the Secietary of the Treasury to pay
off all stocks before the first of May which bear a
greater premium than one per cent., and all short
of one per cent, after the 1st of September. He
is willing to submit his motion to that committee,
because the chairman concurs with him in opinion
that it is necessary the debt should be extinguished
now while there are funds which may be safely
appropriated for that purpose He will, from
time to time, give notice of the funds and finances
of the nation, and ask that committee why they
do not act.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I rise, not for the
purpose of taking any part in the debate before us,
but to congiatulate the House on the recovery of
the lost Treasui y of the United States. Wherj 13
the Treasury' has long been asked by all. Where
is the Treasury > ay, where is the Treasury' The
Treasury is at length found The President has
seized it from the giasp of those with whom it was
lost, and borne it off in trfumph The Govern-
ment can now preserve the Treasury, the people
can know where it is to be found, and the nation
can have the advantage of it JVmi millions of the
people's money has been at last recovered Old
Hickory can rejoice every day he sees it, and the
people can look to their beloved and determined
Piesident, to guaranty its safety fiom the specula-
tions of bank jobbers. What complaint can there
be about the uifle of a debt while there are nine
millions in the Treasury' I will not longer detain
the House, but to congratulate them on the íecov-
ery of the lost Treasury of the United States. Let
there be gieat joy, from Geoigiato Mame, that
the Treasury is rich, and bountifully replenished.
Mr STEWART, of Pennsylvania, said the res-
olution intended to compel the commissioneis of
the sinking fund to extinguish the debt, whether
they had or had not funds If they had fund , they
have already the power, if they have not funds to
pay the four and three-qnarter millions, they can-
not obtain them within the time proposed by the
gentleman from New Yoilc. The Secretary of the
Treasuiy states expressly that the surplus rev-
enue will not be sufficient to meet next year the
appiopiiations already made and the appropria-
tions estimated. If, theiefore, the resolution pre-
vail, it will leave the Treasury without funds, and
the public service will be materially injured.
j His motion to lay it on the table was lost—yeas
80, nays &5.
