1834.                                THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                     99
habits of any other place He mi^ht add to a'l
this, oy urging the conclusive, objection to 1 la emi-
gra'ion, which is said to have been made by a
btaivmg washerwoman, of this or some other
city—that he could not go to a i emote part of the
countiy, (the Wett, peihaps,) uecause there is no
society there                                                                 I
To enhance the impoitance of this grave matter, |
the gentleman from Massachusetts told you, upon I
introducing it, that it was " intimately connected
with the/ieedom and safely of the people " The
removal, or rather thejadwie to teappmnt aclerk—
abiiboi ihuate el, i K—endanger a the safdj of Unpeople'
This is truly lou< hing What a lively sensibility
the gentleman from Massachuseus has, to the
" h eedom and í,afc i t of the people '" It certainly
ought to enroll him, not only with the patiKKS,
but the philanthropists of the age But, sn, has
hesa isfied you ofthetruthof the fact he assumes?
The time was, (and yet is, m some paits of the I
country,) when intation in qffi e was supposed to
be intimately connected wuh the freedom and
safety of the people, when the power and emolu-
ments of office were supposed to be eonupting in
their tendency, and when frequent chai ges were
deemed indispensable to the puiity of our institu-
tions. It is true that the party to which the gen-
tleman belongs—once called Federal, now ycieped
National Republican—did, in the eaily history of
the country, insist that some of me higher officers
of the Government should be appointed for life,
but i/iei/did not then insist, so far as I am informed,
that clerks, 01 any class of subordinate officers,
should be so appointed That, I sunpose, h>>3
been left for one of the improvements of this
moie enlightened age We must now sanction
the doctune that when a man once gets into office,
he is to hold it for life, or during his own will and
pleasure.
But, sir, how long has this been afavonte prin-
ciple with the gentleman from Massachusetts, 01
his political friends? Did they en'ertam i' dining
the late A dminis'ration ? Did they raise the ci y
then that " the freedom and safety of the people"
was in danger? The Secretaiy of State of that
Administration thought proper to change the pub-
1 shers of the laws thioughout most paits cf the
Union, as well as I recollect Did the gentleman
or his friends then consider the " freedom and
safety of the people" in danger? Did they then
tell you that the libeity of the press had been as-
sa.ledjthat thefreedom of the people was identified
wit! that great palladium of their libel tie->, and
that, if one were cloven down, the other must fa'l
likewise ? No, sir Not one oe those watchful
sentinels of liberty tl en sounded 'he tocsin " It
was c'll the fairest thing m the world " Why, su,
the principle of rotation in office has been earned
to the utmost evtiemity by the oaity to which the
gentleman belongs When did they ever have
powei ana not exercise it? When did they ever
have patiorage and bestow it on those who veie
guilty of differing with them in opinion? If news
piper authority can be relied on, it was but the
other day that no less than fiflu eight watchmen of
Pmladelphiaweie dismissed because they v. ere not
of the true pohtical faith If I am coirectly in-
formed, the city administration has lately cl an°;ed
hands. A new mayoi, fnenJly to the bank, and
a believer in its claims to perpetuity, has been
elected—and this is among the first ftui's of his
aiminist'atron Where was the sympa'hy of the
gentleman's filends whentnis was done?
The late printer to th'-, House had been in office
foui years, and, sofai asiegarded thedischaige of
his mechanical duty, I am not aware that there was
any well-grounded complaint Othei consideia-
tions than the mere business of printing for the
House operated upon his ree'ecnon , and, I be-
lieve, justly operated Did the gentleman, or his
then pohtical friends vote for him? I presume he
\ull answer no But, sir, it is useless to waste
tnnein enumerating instances in wnich similar acts
have been done, even by those who belong to the
orthodox school of National Republicanism The
omissions to exe.ctse power, when they have r,
will be found to be meie exce, tions from their
gen rali ule of action Tnen whole history pi ovea
tl at they act unon the assumption that no man is
qualified for office, no man is wolthy of trust or
confidence, unless he is of the true faith according
to then creed , it is namiteiial what may be the
grade or character of the station, from the Chief
Magistracy down to a watchman.
Bit, sir, looking to the rea1 object of the resolu-
tion lather than to the question properly involved
I had nearly omitted it    The 21 section of the
first aiticle of the Constitution declares that each
House of Representatives shall have the power to
" choose their Speaker and other officers "   That
the Clerk of the late House was not clerk of this,
has been demonstrated by the election of our pres-
ent Cleik as his successor    Can it be maintained
that a suboidinate cleik, who den es his appoint-
ment and his powers from his pnnup.il, has a
bettei tenuie?    Who directs  his labors'   Who
superintends the peí formante of his duty?   Who
is responsiole to tne House for the perfoi manee of
them ?   Ail must agite that the puncipa' Clerk is j
the source of his power and authority, the supei   1
mtendent of his performance, and responsible to
the House     It will be found, by an examination \
of all the laws and reso'u'ions of the Hou^e in i
relation to the suboidinate clerks, that every one '
of them, by the authontv of the House, has been I
employed by the principal Clerk    The House has
never appointed one of them     I had intended to
have gone into a moie miru'e examination of the
subject, but, as the gentleman has rot thought
propel to say anything upon what would seem to
be piope'ly the main ground of his motion, 1 deem
it unnecessary
Mr C concluded b) saying that he hoped the
House was satisfied that the removal, or, more
properly, the failuie to reappoint Mr. Fletcher,
was not fraught with such awful consequences to
the fi eedom of the peop'e and the safety of the
countiy as the gentleman f-om Massachusetts had i
supposed, and, consequently,they would not adopt
the resolution he luo proposed
Mr MANN moved to lay the resolution on the
table, but subsequently w thdrew the motion.
Mi CiJILTON' then advoca'ed the necessity
of inquiiy, as a m ans of justifying the Cleik,
fci if the w oo lid be any ciuse shown that the
petitionei had nesleaed Ins ''ucy, no person, what-
ever wa  his pohtical creed, v ould pronounce that
he had done wrong in removirg him It would
appear that the whole sym¡ athy of the member
fiom Alabama had been swallowed up foi the
Phi'ade'phia watchmen, and in apprehension that
their íemoval had been caused by that ten headed
monstei, the Bank of the United States But no
mattei where proscription might be found to ex'st,
or to originate, it was important to the House and
to the nation that it should be put down, and he
expected to have the cooperation of that gentleman
to ptlt it down. Had they foigofen the scenes
that occurred m l&JY and 1828, .before the last
piesidential election, upon this very subject? Did
they not all recollect the hue and ciy that was
then laised when Mrs. Bailey was lemoved fiom
an office connected with the public printing? His
(Mr C 's) sent menta were the same now as then
Although charged with deviation, he was deteim-
med to marntam the principles foi which he had at
that period contended.
Mi   C   went on to say that this was the fi'st
occasion on which the principles of proscuption
I had been mtioduced and practised upon in this
i House, and he consideied it as a proof that the
I íeign of tenor was restoied     Beginning in high
' places, the stream blanched off into every place,
however small     He saw distinctly, in the course
¡ of this Adm.nistratioi, in its large and ¡>mall ope-
rations, a stiong tendency to despotism, &c     If
it should be found, aftei  giving the Cleik of the
House a fan oppoitun.ty to explain, that he has
turned  out ab'e and   fa' hful   office!s   to   put in
political fi lends, I (said Mr C ) wnl be in favor
of teacnins him a le^on which shall operate upon
public officers beneficially hereafter     He would
have a commutee to inqune into the facts of the
case, and he submitted tne following motion as an
amendment
Mi C then mofed to refer the resolution of
Ml DAvis, on tne memorial oi Noah Tletchei, to
a select committee, with íns'iuctions to inquire
into and repoit to this House, the causes which
I have leu to the removal of the memonahst, and
whether it was fiom neglect of duty, or from
political considerations, that he has been removed,
! and that said commutee have leave to send for
persons and papers, and to report by resolution
oi otherwise.
Mr MILLER, of Pennsylvania, remarked that
veiy little remained to be said m reply to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, without traveling aver
the same ground taken by ihe gentleman from Al-
abama      He  had   himself, for a long series of
yeais, enjoyed an intimate acquaintance with the
gentleman who now fills the station of Clerk of
tins House, and he knew that there was not any-
where to be found a more high-minded and hor-
oi able man     He possessed the confidence of his
fellow-citizens in Pennsylvania toa very high de-
gree, and he erjoyed the confidence of his political
opponents to asgieatan extent as any man in that
State.    I can therefore vouch, said Mr M., that
he is inc.apa.ble of a dishonoiable act.   But what
is the question which we  aie   now   discussing?
Has it not been usu.al for the Cleik of the House
to appoint his assistants ' Has the right ever been
oenied to him ?   How can we make a question of
his right to employ such assistants in the discharge
of his duties as he himself sees fit to select?   As
well  might the late Cleik, Mr Clarke, come be-
foie us with a memorial for redress,asany one of
the essistant cleiks.    He  had nevei heard Mi.
Claike hid been neglectful of his dunes; on the
contraiy, he had always heard him spoken of as
a veiy competent and efficient officer,and an ami-
able and agreeable man.    But still we chose to
elect another Clerk     We  did  not recognise lus
right to remain in office because he had held it ten
or eleven yeais    If this was the democtacyof the
gentleman from Kentucky, he could not accede to
it, when piedieated on the pnnciple of light     It
was not the democracy of the people of Pennsyl-
vania, nor did he believe it was of Kentucky   Ro-
tation m office had always been a favonte doctrine
with the  Democratic  patty, and very properly
It was the nature of man to misuse powers and
privileges long remaining in his hands      He did
not apply this to the case of the memorialist, who
was as he had been informed, a respectable man,
and had d.scharged his duties well    Maintaining,
as he J'd, that the Clerk of the House being re-
spons ble to the House for the discharge of his
tiust, had the right of chosing his assistants, he
saw no íeason for an mquny into the motives of
the removal of the memorialist    He knew very
well that all this talk about proscription was meant
to operate upon the people   But gentlemen wholly
misappiehended the sentiments of the people, if
they supposed that the people were in favor of
rendenng every civil office permanent, during the
good behavioi of the incumbent    The cry of the
' minority about pioscnption  he had always re-
gaided as a dishonorable mode of party warfare
Weie he in the minority, he would be the last
man to ask political favor from adversaries whose
i election he had opposed     He appealed to the can-
dor and good sense of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts for the acknowledgment that tt is usual
for ever y majority  to appoint its own friends to
office in preference to its opponents.    Was  not
this the case in the gentleman's own State?  Were
ihe offices of trust and profit in the gift of the ma-
jonty there conferípd upon individuals belonging
to the minority?    Would the gentleman himself,
as Goveinor of Massachusetts, appoint an oppo-
nent to office, or would he peimit one to remain
in office to the exclusion of a political friend? Let
him answer this, and then say what becomes of
his doctrine of pioscnption     He was of opinion
that this "uhject ought not to have been introduced
into the House, and he was willing to believe that
the gentleman fiom Massachusetts had acted un-
der a momentaiy excitement, and without mature
lefle tion,  and, that upon reflection, he will come
to the conclusion that his proposition is unwise
and inexpedient
Mr SPEIGHT moved to lay the,who!e subject
on the table
Mr. PINCKINEY rose and asked permission to
address tne House, but the SPEAKER remarked
that no d.scussion was in order, the motion being
to lay the subject on the table
Mi WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, requested the
member fiom North Carolina [Mr. Speight] to
withdraw his motion. There were, he said, in his
possession, some important facts bearing on this
su'iject. which the House should be"acquainted
with before the subject was disposed of.
