102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 14,
presented only upon the will of the enemy, and
upon the will of the local banks, aimed by the
Executive to be made as and how they chose. It
was this which compelled the bank to guard
against the attacks of the Executive.
Mr. BENTON inquired whethei any petitions
or memorials had been presented by the importing
merchants praying for iclief fiom the payment of
their bonds'
The VICE PRESIDENT replied there were
none.
Mr. B. then said, as none had been presented,
he should wait till the request was made. This
proceeding was a woilt of ■supererogation, and it
was making a direct reflection upon that most re-
spectable class of oar citizens, the importing mer-
chants, which they did not deseive. He was
always disposed to listen to their applications with
patience and íespect, but he was unwilling to act
until they solicited it.
Mr. CHAMBERS thought the proposition of
the gentleman from Geoigia a most proper and
expedient one But when the gentleman lose and
said there was no pressuie in the community,
there was nothing moie important than that the
fact should be put at rest. His section of country
was a grain-giowing country, «nd he would be
happy it the gen'leman from North Carolina [Mr.
Brown] could make his assertion in relation to
that interest with (he least appearance of reality.
There was not a man in his vicinity who sells his
bushel of gram who did not Bay his tax for this
attack upon, and deiangement of, the pecuniary
affaus of' the countiy. It was the agricultural
interests which always suffered most from such a
state of things: and was the absence of all political
power m them a cause for neglecting them ' A
neglect, too, aggravated by saying that it was ideal.
Mr. BROWN said that was another suing
fortunately got up to play on. A few days since
we had the manufactunng interests depicted as
being in a shocking state, a little while ago the
cotton business; and now the agricultural interests
weie destroyed In regard to the distress m the
South, which the gentleman [Mr. Preston] had
depicted, it was a fixed rule in commerce that
where capital was most wanted, it would seek in-
vestment; and he assured the gentleman that when
it should be known that he wanted money there
was capual enough to come to his íelief. We had
been told by the gentleman liom Maryland [Mr.
Chamblrs] that the distress was leal But theie
was no prophecy so tiue as that which the pro
pnet himself wishes to have realized Why was
there distress' what caused the distress' These
walls íung with the alurm, the newspapers re-
sounded with exaggerations of it, while themselves
pioduced dismay, apprehension, and distress, but
theie weie no moie failuies in our eommeicial
cities than was common in the ordinary couise of
trade.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, said it was not his
habit to oppose any íesolution which the public
interests might require. But he felt compelled to
observe that no subject had been recently intro-
duced into the Senate in which the question of the
removal of the deposites had not been intioduced
also. The gentleman from Kentucky was pecu-
liarly fortunate in this respect—he would not,
however, discuss that question now. Whethei
the prevailing distress, so vividly depicted by hon-
oiablegentlemen.weresoor not he did not know,
he was wiiung that an inquiry might be made into
it. He rose meiely to reply to the gentleman
fiom South Caiolma—he could not agree with
him in relation to the depression in the price of
cotton He would go to the fountain head tor the
truth, and if the gentleman would look to the price
of cotton in Liverpool, he would find that the price
here corresponded with it there The price there
was from seven to nine pence,equivalent to 13 and
16 cents. The expense of sending the article trom
heie to Liverpool is foui cents per pound—deduct
that from the price in Liverpool and add it to ihe
puce here, and he would fi'id that it was uniform.
In 1825-'26 cotton ran up to 25 and 26 cents per
pound, and in a few months it fell to 10 and 12
cents    The deposites were then not removed__the
country was in the utmost prosperity, so far as the
Bank of the United States was concerned. But
the depreciation arose from the fact that tt was as-
cei tamed in England that the crops were abundant,
and failures then took place in consequence of in-
ordinate speculation in the article, and the same
state of things existed now to a certain degree.
Before he lelt home, and before the removal of the
deposites could have had any effect upon the trade,
gentlemen were selling out their cotton at con-
siderable loss from the same causes But as he
was anxious to hear the gentleman fiom Mame
[Mr Shepiey] on the mam question, he moved
to lay,the subject on the table for the present
Mr. K , however, withdrew his motion to allow
Mr Presión to reply.
Mr. WILKINS said, that having ¡ust taken his
seat, he had not heard all which had been said
upon this subject. But he would give the reasons
why he should vote both against the resolution
and the amendment. The relief contemplated was
but a temporary expedient, and in the present
situation of the country, it was our duty to avoid
anything like temporizing, for he could call it
nothmg more. We should carry out and sustain
the Administration in the removal of the depos-
ites, or adopt an order for their immediate resto-
ration. He was, therefore, unwilling to adopt any
temporizing relief. There was no expression in
any of the memorials which had been presented
on this subject suggesting or requesting any tem-
poiary mode of relief True, the memorialists
ascribe the prevailing distress to the action of the
Secretary of the Treasury in the removal of the
deposites, and that nothing can give relief but
i their restoration.
I Anothei reason why.he would oppose the reso-
lution was, that the present complaints we, egreatly
exaggerated. There was nothing whatever to jus-
tify the fears and apprehensions which had been
entertained. He believed the settlement of the
resolutions, now the subject of the mam discus-
sion, would relieve the pressure. If the resolu-
tions pass, the deposites will be restored; and if
we bear out the Administration in their removal,
the same happy results will be produced by it,
and trade and business would accommodate itself
to the existing state of things. He was exceed-
ingly anxious to terminate this discussion. The
gentleman who had been alluded to [Mr. Binnet]
thought that the present distress did not arise from
the mere removal of the deposites. And it could
not be denied that the mere change, the mere
transfer from one side of the stieet to the other,
did not, and could not, have produced it. But
the gentleman from Maine [Mr Spraoue] con-
tended that it was the seciecy, the stealth, with
which it was done, and the forbearance to disclose
the.existence of the transfer drafts that had issued,
which caused all this calamity. Wei', what was
that' What did it amount to' The transfer
drafts only amounted to one million of dolíais,
and could the abstraction of this sum have pro-
duced all this wide spread national calami'y'
There was no secrecy in the transaction—nothing
disingenuous in it It was all known to the bank
a month before the demand of the money. The
drafts had issued in the regular uniform prescribed
mode; they were signed, countersigned, recorded,
and passed through all the required forms without
the least concealment or seciecy, and any man
who could read, might have seen their amount
The cashier of the bank, too, says their existence
was known. But if there had been any secrecy
in the warrants, so much the better for the bank.
The holders were mstruted not to present them
unless it should be found that the vindictive spirit
of the bank made it necessary. There was no
pan of the country which did a more extensive
and important business than the city and vicinity
of his residence, and he had not heaid a word
complaining of distress fiom that quarter It was
confined to the vicinity of the bank, and it was a
part of the system adopted by the bank to coerce
the íestoration of the deposites. And upon whom
had it brought down this calamity' Upon the
heads of their own innocent neighbors. Nothing
but the final adjustment of this question would
give relief—this temponzing would not avail
Mr POINDEXTER suggested, as an amend-
ment to the amendment, that the committee in-
quire into the " extent and causes" of the pressure
which                                                                          '
Mr FORSYTH accepted
Mr POINDEXTER obs,eived that the subject
was particularly inteiesting to him, comino- as he
did from a cotton-growing country, and he felt
desirous of being heard buefly upon it. But as
the hour had airived for resuming the general de-
bate, he thought we ought to proceed with it—he
would, therefore, move to postpone the question
till another day, when he would show that the
present financial arrangements have had a most
deleterious effect upon the cotton trade. He then
moved to lay the resolution on the table; which
was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT having announced
the special older to be the
REMOVAL OF THE DEPOSITES,
The Senate resumed the consideration of Mr.
Clay's lesolutions.
Mr SHEPLEY addressed the Senate at length
against the resolutions of Mr. Clay, and in sup-
port of the reasons of the Secretary; and at three
o'clock gave way to a motion of Mr. Benton to
adjourn.
Mr. BENTON,however, withdrew his motion,
to allow the introduction of the following resolu-
tions, submitted by Mr. Webster:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Tieasury
lay before the Senate a copy of the official order
or direction for changing the place of the deposite
of the public money.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
cause to be laid before the Senate a copy of the
official bond of the Treasurer of the United
States.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
cause to be laid before the Senate copies of all
drafts, checks, or ordeis, issued by the Treasurer
of the United States, in oider to transfer the pub-
lic moneys from the Bank of the United States and
its branches to the several State banks selected
as banks of deposite.
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, Januaty 14,1834.
Mr. ARCHER, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, reported a bill for the relief of the legal
representatives of R'chard W. Meade, deceased.
Also, a bill to provide for the settlement of the
claims of Mary O'Sullivan; which were severally
read twice, and committed to the Committee of the
Whole.
Mr ADAMS, of Massachusetts, submitted the
following resolution •
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to communicate to this House copies of
such instructions as have been given to the col-
lectors of the customs since the 26th of December
last, regulating their duty under tne act passed at
the last session of Congress, entitled " An act to
modify the act of the 14th of July, 1832, and all
othei acts imposing duties on imports."
Mr. ADAMS said his object was merely to
obtain the Treasury instructions given since the
26th of December, that being the day on which
the erroneous msti uctions wereissued by the Comp-
troller, and had greatly agitated the public mind.
I he information which would be elicited by the
call would satisfy the public mind on the subject.
The resolution was agreed to.
The following resolution, heretofore offered by
Mr ANTHONY, was, on his motion, taken up
and agreed-to-
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to communicate to this House the report of Major
Bache, of the Corps of Topographical Engineers,
of his survey and estimate of the Williamsport and
Elmira railroad, in the States of Pennsylvania and
New York.
On motion of Mr. BOCKEE,
Keso/ued.That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of granting a pension to John Wardm, a
soldier of the Revolution.
On motion of Mr. EWING,        
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into tho
expediency of establishing a post road fiom Bed-
ford, in the county of Lawrence, through Mount
Pleasant, m the county of Martin, to the town of
1 ortersville, in the county of Dubois, and of ex-
