1831.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
103
tending post route No 3014, (Post Office Register,)
from Grreen Cat le.tr rough Manhattan and Pleas-
ant Gj.rde.1, tow is in the county of Putnam, Bow-
ling Green and MewB-unswic.t,(Rowley'sMill,)
towns in the courty of Clay, to Caledonia, and
thence to Carlisle, towns in the county of Sullivan,
in the S ate o' Indiana
Mr GILMER submitted the following resolu-
tion; wh'ch,bytbe lules, lies ore day on the table:
Resolví, That the Secre'ary of War be di-ected .
to communicate to tlrs House al1 correspondence !
which he may have had, or other information in l
his possession, m relation to the death of Hardi-
man 0*en3,a citizen of Alabuna, who was lately
put to death by a party of regular soldiers, whether
«aid O wens was put to death in pursuance of oiders
from the War Department, or any officer of the ,
United States; ana that he also communicate to J
tins House any correspondence which he may
have had, or othei information in his possession I
in relation to any obstruction thrown in the way;
of the execution of the process of the courts of
Alabama, issued for the purpose of bringing to
trial those by whom said Owens was killed, and
any correspondence m relafon to the removal of
said prosecutions to the district court of the United
States.
On motion of Mr. BEATTY,
Re olved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canal3 beinstiucted to inquire into the expediency
of appropriating a sum in----------dolíais, to com
plete the improvement of the navieation of the
Cumberland river, from Nashville up to the falls
on said river
On motion of Mr. WARD,
R'sohcd, Tiiat the Committee on Naval Affairs
be instructed  to inquire into the expediency of
constructing a dry-dock at or near the city of New
Yoik, and of causing a survey to be made of the
present navy-yard at Biooklyn, and aKo of other
sites m the vicinity of New York, which may be
selected for the cons'.iuction of such dry-dock.
On motion of Mi  STEWART,
Resolved, That the Commiti.ee on Roads and
Canals beinstiucted to inqiuie'nto the expediency
of making provision for the impiovement of the
steamboat navigat on of the Mononga'iela river,
as far as the survey, flan, and estimates nave been
completed, and for the extension of the surveys to
the highest practicable point of such impiovement.
On motion of Mr. WILDE,
Resolved, That the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, of the 24 h February, 1820, on the cur-
rency, made in obedience to the resolution of the
House of Representatives, be printed for the use
of Congress
On motion of Mi McKIM,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed'to inquire into the expediency of re-
quiring ail Ameuean vessels of 201) tors burden,
and upwards, bound to any ports m Europe, or I
south of the equator, to have, as a part oí tne
ciew of said vessels, one or more apprentices, in
proportion to their tonnage.                                       |
Mr MARDI3 submitted the following resolu-
tion, the consideration of which, on his motion,
was postnoned until Monday next                           1
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways* and (
Means be instructed to inquae into the expediency
of designating, bylaw, tie futuie dcpos.tory of |
the public moneys of the United States, and also
as to the expediency of defining by law eil con- i
tiacts hereafter to be made with the becretary oi ¡
the Treasury in relation to the safe-keeping, man-
-o< ement, and disbmsement of the same.                  ¡
°Mr AD IMS, of Massachusetts, submitted the
following íesolution, which lies one day on the
'able                                               . ,    TT      ,o. .
Resohed, That the President of the United States
be requested to cause to be laid before this House
alixt of the presents now deposited in the Depart-
ment of State, and referred to in his message of
the b* instant, received by pel sons holdmg offices
of profit or trust under the United States, from
any king, prince, o, fore.gn State, ftoni whom,
tne nam? and office of the person by ^om, the
time when, and the authority if any, by wh ch
such present was received, and the estimated value
of the same
On motion of Mr POTTS,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the '
e\pediency of establishing a  mail  route from i
Nottingham, in  Chester county, Pennsylvania, ¡
to  the Brick Meeting House, in Cecil  county,
Mai y land.
On motion of Mr McCOMAS,
Resolved, That the Committee on thePostOrfice
and Post Roads be instructed to inquiie into the
expediency of establishing a post road fiom Pop-
lar Hill, in the county of Giles, the residence of
Thomas Shannon, up Walkei's Creek to the
town of Mechanicsburg, in the county of Giles,
and fiom thence to the head of Walker's Creek,
and down the Holston river to the Salt Works, in
the county of Smythe, and that they have leave
to ieport by bill or otherwise.
On motion of Mr. DAVENPORT,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads mqune into the expediency of
establishing a post íoute from Danville by the
I way of Rocky Mount, m the county of Franklin,
I to Salem, in Botetourt county, Virginia'.
I     Mr. SEVIER submitted the following resolu-
! tion, which, by a íuie of the House, lies one day
l on the table-
I     Resolved, That the Secretary of the Tieasury
| be dnected to inform this House how many pat-
| ents for land sold at either public or private sale,
in the Territory of.Arkansas, have been suspended,
\ together with the name or names of each pur-
l chaser, and  the  quantity  of each  purchase or
entry, and the reasons whioh have induced such
suspensions.
Mr FOOT submitted the following resolution;
which lies one day on the table-
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be directed to prepare, and lay before this House,
I a  plan for the reoigamzation of the Treasury
Department, with a view to simplify the forms
of keeping and settling accounts, and rendering
j them more intelligible, of making a moie equal
i distnbution of the labor and duties, of abolish-
ing some of the subordinate branches, and re-
ducing the  number of  clerks  in  the  executive
departments
j.     On motion of Mr. FOSTER,
|      Resolved, That the repo't of the Secretary of
the Treasury with regard to the removal of the
I pubhc deposites, shall be the standing order of the
I  day at one o'clock daily, Fridays and Saturdays
excepted, and that until tnathour the business of
the House shall proceed in the order prescribed
by the rules of the House.
On motion of Mr. HARRISON,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the propriety
of placing John Myers, of Butler county, Penn-
Means, reported a bill from the Senate for the re-
lief of John Haggerty and David Austin, with an
amendment.   Also, a bill from the Senate author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to compromise
aciaim against the firm of Mmturn and Champlin.
' Also, a bill from the Senate for the relief of John
I Hone & Sons, of New York, read twice and com-
.1 rmtted
liltt'JlUg «* Vim J.i-1 J *" "J, *"   ~"-----    -----------j>-
varna, a revolutionary soldier, on the pension
On motion of Mr. McKENNAN,
Resolved, That ti e Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into
the expediency of establishing a mail route from
Washington, Washington county, Pennsylvania,
by Doak's Mill, Buckingham, and Jefferson, to
Waynesbuig, m Greene county, and of altering
so much of the present route between those points
1 as will be rendered unnecessary thereby, and that
, the accompanying papers be referred to saia com-
mittee.
I     On motion of Mr. CLAY, of Alabama,
Revived, That the Committee on the Post Ut- wlthdrew his motion to enauie m
fice and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into i joNES to submit the following,
the expediency of establishing a post íoute from  I amendmentsubmittedby Mr McDl
Carrollton, Georgia, by way of Diayton, m Bur-      .   .      ....  --.-------------1—*  n <
ton county, Nail's Island, in Coosa nvei, to Ash-
i ville, Alabama.    Also, a post íoute from Mont-
gomery, Alabama, by way of the Comt-Houses
of Coosa, Taladega, and Bui ton counties, to the
I head of Coosa river, in Georgia.
I     On motion of Mr. LYON, of Michigan,
Resohed, That the Committee of Ways and
1 Means be instructed to mquue into the expedi-
ency of making an appropriation for constructing
a ship canal between the navigable waters of the
nver Raisin and Lake Erie or La Plaisance Bay,
being a part of the improvements at that place
already authorized by law.                                        I
Mr. POLK, fiom the Committee of Ways and i
Mr. DUNCAN, from the Committee on Public,
Lands, reported a bill to establish the office of sur-
veyor general in certain States and Territories;
read twice and committed.
The following bills were also reported, read
twice, and committed to the Committee of the
Whole:
By Mr. CASEY: Senate bill for the relief of
Noyes Daily.
Also, a bill for the relief of George Terry.
By Mr. HUBBARD. Abillfortheielief of the
owners of the schooner Joseph and Mary.
By Mr. McKIM: A bill for the relief of Samuel
P. Walker
By Mr LEWIS- A bill for the relief of Alex-
ander J. Robeitson.
On motion of Mr. MUHLENBERG, the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims was discharged
from the further consideration of the petition of
General Thomas Nelson, of Virginia; and
On motion of Mr. WISE, the same petition was
ordered to be referred to a select committee of
seven.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill further to provide for loca-
tions of certain land claims in the Territory of Ar-
kansas, and on his motion thefurther consideration
of the same was postponed to, and made the order
of the day for, this day week.
Mr. CARR, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the
heirs-at law of William G. Christopher, deceased;
read twice and committed.
Mr. THOMPSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of David
Kilburn; read twice and committed
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, from the same
Committee, reported a bill to authorize the estab-
lishment of an Army asylum; read twice and
committed.
A resolution was proposed that, in future, the
time of the House, after the hour of one, pending
the discussion relative to the public depositee,
should be devoted to the discussion solely of that
topic, till it shall have been definitely decided—on
every day except Fridays and Saturdays.
Motion lost.
REMOVAL OF THE DEPOSITES.
The House having resumed the,, consideration
of the motion to refer the Secretary of the Treas-
ury's report on the deposites to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and the question being upon
the motion of Mr McDcffie to add to the motion
for reference the following instructions to the said
committee:                                                       .
" With, instructions to repoit a joint resolution,
' proiidmg that the public revenue hereafter col-
' lected shall be deposited m the Bank of the II m-
> ted States, m compliance with the public faith
' pledged by the chattel of the said bank   —
Mr CAMBRELENG rose and addressed the
House m a speech of much point and pungency,
levelled against all classes of bank monopolies
1 After Mr CAMBRELENG had concluded, Mr.
MOORE moved an adjournment of the„House, but
withdrew his motion to enable Mr. bbABUKW
JONES to submit the following, m lieu of the
amendmentsubmUted by Mr McDUFFIE, viz: to
strike out of his amendment all after with in-
structions to," and insert—
« Inquire into the expediency of depositing the
' revenue hereaftei collected in the State banks m
' the diffeient States where the same is collected,
• m pioportion to their respective capitals paid m,
'and to prescube the terms on «Inch the same
«shall be deposited, and to report by bill or
' otherwise "                                              ,          fnr
The engrossed bill making appropnat ons for
the naval sei vice for 1834, was read a third time
atlTheaS|pEAKER presented a c™  ™ * "
from the Secretary of the Treasury, with a report
on the state of the incorporated banks m the Dis-
