112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan   17.
was absolutely necessary. If there was one ob-
jection stronger than another to taxation, it would
be to taxation for their pension system, because
it was not only burdensome m itself, but because,
as it operated unequally, it, therefore, operated
unjustly. Who, he asked, enjoyed its benefits'
Not one in twenty in the South participated in
the benefits of it, although the South, more than
any other portion of the United States, contrib-
uted to the revenue of the country.
After some further remarks, Mr. P. concluded
by a motion to postpone the resolution indefi-
nitely.
Mr. BTJRGES rose to say that he had been
greatly misrepresented in his observations for-
merly made on this resolution concerning military
pensions. It has been asserted that he termed the
Indian war, to which honorable gentlemen had
referred, a " petty" war Now, he had not said
that it was a petty war; although he certainly had
said that it was a private, not a public war. And
to this remark he was stimulated by an observa-
tion of one who advocated the passage of the reso-
lution—that the war had continued for twenty
years: therefore, giving the gentleman credit for
his assertion, he could not but consider it a private
war; for with no Indian war of a public nature
of twenty years' continuance, has he been made
acquainted in his historical researches. It must
have been a private war, because those who were
engaged in it had not been enlisted in the public
service; had not been even employed in the ser-
vice of the country, nor had they been equipped
or designed as militia. Where then is the naure
of a public war' Where the test of evidence to
prove that those engaged were engaged in the ser-
vice of the public' And if not engaged in the
service of the nation, why should the nation be
publicly taxed to remunerate private services so
perfoimed' He does not deny the men—Boon,
Spencer, and their associates—were brave men;
nor that any of those who may have contended in
the alleged war with the Indians may have been
actuated by a chivalrous spirit. The bravery they
possessed, they possessed for themselves. They
were pioneers for themselves, not from a love for
the nation. They were stimulated by a desire to
better their own condition—not to defend their
country's rights; and their condit on they did bet-
ter. Have they not taken forcil !e possession of
the most fertile lands in the most fertile districts,
and entailed their property on their sons and
grandsons, while they have been enabled to settle
all their cousins around them' What more would
they desire' They have monopolized temtories,
and now they want to become pensioners on the
public bounty. Gentlemen are very loud m ap-
plauding the chivalry of these men, but they dis-
dain to give more than then praise. They exclaim
that those whom they eulogize are in stiaits and
miseiy; but so far from being ready to contubute
to these alleged wants of applauded chevaliets,
they are anxious to exonerate themselves from
their craving demands, and to burden the public
with those from whose claims they appear not
otherwise willing or able to obtain redemption.
They give praise when they should give alms,
and think that this applause and the aid of public
pensions should relieve themselves from the ne-
cessity of maintaining them. [The speaker then
instanced several examples from ancient and mod-
ern history wherein theie had been pioneers on
the frontiers of extending countries, and discov-
erers of previously unknown regions. J He alluded
to extending the frontiers from Rhode Island to
Connecticut, and thei.ce westward stifr>, but which
of all the adventurers so employed ever asked
the support of the public funds for private services
so performed'                                *
He alluded to the wanderings of Hercules in
Italy, and the barbarity of the tyrant Cacus, filch-
ing his neighbor's cattle, and drawing them back-
ward into his den; but that Hercules discovered the
cattle by their lowing—so says the poetical version
of the tale, but whether true or not, he cannot say
Yet this Hercules is now deemed a hero, from
such exploits of his pioneering bravery, and Cacus
condemned as an aboriginal savage So with the
pioneers of the West. They are deemed heroic
cavaliers; and the abongmes of the soil, whom
they conquered and expatriated, are denominated
savages, whom it was a glory to extirpate, in
! whom it was a crime to endeavor to regain their
own lands, and over whom it was bravery to tn-
umph, and deserving of public pensions But we
are told that the civilization disseminated by the
conquest improves the condition of these reputed
savages; and for this, those instrumental in ex-
tending the boon of civilization deserve public ap-
probation and íeward. For himself, he has no
desire to reward any for killing the Indians in
party or pioneering confl cts The Indians were
the original possessors of the.soil, and cannot be
condemned for struggling to retain their own.
The Indian names and fame are interwoven in the
annals and statistics of the country, and when
that mountain to which Spencer had given his
name may dwindle into obscurity or change its
epithet, the mighty rivers of the land—the Ohio,
Mississippi, &c.—will roll on a reminiscent rec-
ord of their fame to postenoi ages: them waters,
in rolling onward to the ocean, will resound their
fame, and the hteratuie of the country will redeem
them from infamy. The Indians were attacked,
routed, expatriated They were driven from the
lands of their fathers; and well might they exclaim
that they had scarcely left land enough to die on.
At that period the frontier settlers thought but of
their own condition—how they might improve it
by acqmnng fertile possessions' and now that the
dangers of those adventurous days have passed
away—now that the days of their enjoying the war-
whoop of then much wronged oppressors have
gone, they turn round and demand the right of
having bestowed on them pensions for so acting
for themselves against a self-raised foe If pen-
sions are granted for the display of chivalry such
as this is commended to have been, then will pen-
sions swell the expenses of the nation and en-
gross the revenues of the country, foi the frontiers
of the West will still be extending westward, and
opportunities be still given for the display of chiv-
alrous spirit at every such extension. We shall,
therefore, keep alive the spirit of chivalry, and
eternally awaken the spirit of war. There will
always be Samsons and Ilerculeses among those
cavaliers; and a demand will always be made to
pension them or their sons, as the heroes of the
twenty years' wai have been rewarded before
them. The evils will thus be extended. It is,
theiefore, much better to nanow the pension sys-
tem while we may, and before we afford injurious
precedents for expenditures of the public bounty,
and rewards for monopolizing skirmishes with the
Indians. He is not disposed to reward such chiv-
ahy, nor to participate in such exploits. If, in
such a contest the gentleman to whom he is now
more immediately opposed should take a fancy to
tomahawk him, and to carry about his venerable
scalp as a trophy of victory, he might consider
himself as deserving a pension of the Government;
but if he was fortunate enough to master his
enemy, and had taken his scalp, he would Hot
think it worth his trouble to take it away.
A motion was then made to suspend the rules
of the House relative to the duties of Friday, in
order that the preceding debate might be con-
tinued, tout it was lost.
On the motion of Mr. POLK, several bills for
the relief of individuals, as reported by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, we'ie then readathird
time and passed.
A few petitions were then proposed, with the
consent of the House, and some private bills.
The SPEAKER presented a public document
containing the list ot clerks belonging to the pub-
lic departments.
A resolution was passed by a small majority,
conceding to the Colonization Society the use of
the Hall of Representatives for a meeting to be
held on Monday evening next.
Mr. POLK moved to suspend the standing
orders of the House in order to propose the bilí of
appropriations—returned with amendments from
the Senate—concerning the contingent expenses
of Congress in the articles of stationery,&c. The
gentleman said it was absolutely necessary that the
appropriation should be made as soon as possible.
The House concurred.
Mr POLK then said that the Committee of Ways
and Means had agreed to the amend merits pro posed
by the Senate, except that one which proposed to
strike out altogether a clause which had first been
passed in 1830, and continued every yeai since,
which restricted this appropriation ior contingen-
cies to mere stationery, &o , and the printing of
such public documents as may be ordered by both
Houses in the routine of business, unless it were
otherwise ordeud by a joint resolution of both
Houses Although he did not wish to originate
discussion on this clause, he thought it piudently
restrictive, as it tends to prevent the ordering of
books, &c (-without making any appropaiation for
them; and prevents the action of either House
without the concurrence of both. But this restric-
tion cannot extend to the vote lately passed for
Elliot's Debates, its effects being solely prospect-
ive. Nor can it prevent the ordenng in future any
books, its object being solely to prevent such or-
deis without the joint resolution of both Houses,
winch is required to make any appropriation Ad-
propnations may be specially made for any partic-
ular purpose, so that the clause proposed is to pre-
vent the appropriation made for the contingent
expenses of both Houses, amenable to the orders
of either only, m any resolution not jointly passed.
Mr. FOOT objected to the clause, and thought
it should be admitted, as the Senate had proposed.
It is rather singular that either House should be
denied the privilege of printing what it adjudges
proper to order, when that pnvilese is extended
to all the departments, which are allowed to print
ad libitum, what is considered necessary; nor is it
consistent that the Senate should be denied the
privilege which is appropriated by the House.
This will bring both Houses into an improper
collision. He sees, therefore, no sufficient reason
why they should endeavor to tie up their own and
other persons' hands.
The discussion was continued by Messrs. C.
C CLAY and POLK, who supported the motion,
and by Messrs EVERETT, of Massachusetts,
ADAMS, of Massachusetts, WHITTLESEY,
and BATES, of Massachusetts, who opposed the
motion to disagree to the Senate's amendment.
On motion of Mr. McKIM, the yeas and nays
were ordered on the question
The question being taken, it was decided in the
affirmative, by a vote of 70 to 112
So the House disagreed to the amendment of
the Senate.
On motion of Mr. VANCE, it was
Oidnted, That when theHouse adjourns, it ad-
journ to meet on Monday
The House then adjourned.
Jamaica papers to the 5th ult. have been '
received at New Yoik. The House of As-
sembly was closely engaged in the discus-
sion of the slavery bill.—Bait. Amer.
Tvvp or three letters from Buenos Ayres
to the 13th November, have been received
in this city, by the brig Heroine, arrived
at Levvistovvn, Delaware, bound to Phila-
delphia. They state that the revolution-
ary disturbances at Buenos Ayres had
ceased, and that peace was proclaimed on
the 10th of November.—Bait. Amer.
■ The Legislature of Massachusetts have
elected John Davis,  Esq., Governor, for
the  jear ensuing, on the first  ballot.—
Baltimore Gazette.
The back number of the Congressional
Globe are exhausted Those persons,
therefore, who may subscribe for it heie-
after will receive only the number contain-
ing the proceedings of the vfeek in which
their subscriptions are received at this office,
and all thefutui e numbers as they are pub-
lished.
