THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
~3d Conques = . 1st Session.
SATURDAY, JANUARY 25,  1834.
Vol. I....No. 8.
In the House of Representatives, January 16, 1S34,
on Mr Chilton's resolution to appoint a select
committee to inquire into the expediency of so
extending the general pension law as to embrace
within its provisions those persons who were
engaged in the Indian wars, down to the year
1794, and the amendment on it by Mr. Boul-
din, to appoint a committee to inquire into the
moral effects of the pension system upon the
community, and how far it ought to be abolished
or repealed
Mr PEYTON, of Tennessee, rose and said.
Mr. Spcaker I arose on yesteiday from the
impulse of the moment, not to make a speech, but
rather to repel what I considered an imputation
cast upon men whom I was early taught to look
upon as patriots, most of whom are gone, than to
ask for them an act of justice and chanty from
their country
The venerable gentleman from Rhode Island,
[Mr. Borges,] spoke lightly of the early settlers
of the West—talked of their scalps—classed them
with "plunderers and savage murdcreis " I, sir,
am pioud to trace my ongm to that race of men.
But, sir, no pension law can benefit my ancestois
now. It would come too late for them They
never asked a pension while they lived. I value
the reputation of that band of pah wis as dearer
than gold. You have a light to deny the survivors
bread, but no right to cast obloquy upon their
names.
They were no "plunderers." No, sir, they
were soldiers, true and pure; and a soldier never
stains his hand with "plunder." The brave are
always tender and humane. Tkey " plundeieis '"
what temptation was there in the fiowmng forest
of the West to invite to " plunder'" None, sir,
none
The wild beast and the naked savage, armed with
all his instruments of death, the gun, the knife,
the axe, and iagot, were the allurements held out
It was not every one whose taste would have led
him to partake in such " plunder " I question if
the gentleman, in the unrestrained aider of his
youth, could have been induced to throw a sickle
in and reap foi "plunder" there. The haivest,
sn, was often smoking cabins, murdered wives
and children, scalped and mangled sires They
" murdeiers '" They left their fhesides and patri-
monial farms m Carolina and Virginia to protect
our motheisfrom muida—fiom savage toituie, and,
sir, the social and domestic virtues found an
asylum in the forest. The strongest rampart was
thrown around them—the chivalry of these men.
And this reflection soothed and quieted the pang
which wrung their bosoms when they stood upon
the last hill which overlooked their homes, where
youthful feelings clung and hovered
.What' cast an imputation upon the names of
B"oon, Robinson, and Spencer, and their brave
compeers '' Chss these men with the savage in
icpni of honor and hwnamty ' They were patiiots,
benefactors of the West, who deserved to live m
marb'e, and not to be remembered with lepioach
an I scorn.
The history of Boon and Robinson is known.
Robinson was to Tennessee what Boon was to
Kentucky. Spencer, who has been referred to by
my friend and colleague, [Mr Dicivissov,] was
the first white man who spent a w nter in my na
twe county, (Sumner county ) He lived in the hol-
low of a tiee at Bledsoe'^ Lick, alone, surrounded
by the savages, and no other of his race on that
side of the mighty mountains which lay between
him and his native Carolina. When the spring
opened, and the desert bloomed around him, he
returned, descnbed the country, its game, its fer-
tility, its nch inviting loveliness His neighbors
vtent, he was tneir pdot, he killed their meat, he
^lood -¡entry ulule they slept Thus he soent his
time for yeais. At last,upon the hill which bears
h s name he fell, valiantly fell, fighting between the
women ard the ambushed savage His flesh was
devoured, and his bones bleached and mouldered
in the woods, until an old man, the companion of
8
his youth, collected them together, and placed
them in a cave, where they are yet. No marble
pillar marks the spot, but nature, in that pioud
hill which rears its head above the clouds, has
raised foi him a grander monument than man can
íaise. It is Spencer's Hill, and will íemain so
forever. But, sir, he was no " plunderer," but a
generous, kind, and hospitable man He would
d.vide his meat, to the last morsel, with a hungry
dog. He was no "murderer," but a soldier, who
would defend himself and friend—fit to have stood
beside Biuce, Leónidas, or Kosciusko.
Boon and Spencer thought that nature did not
intend that mighty West—all that valley which is
watered by the " King of Floods" and its tnbutai y
sti earns, to be kept forever for the savage war-
dance—a wild huntingground. I know that some
few gentlemen have always differed with them,and
have opposed emigration to the West, and looked
with jealousy upon its rising prospects—have
saved their sympathy for the red man, and their
spears and darts for the white man I never could
understand such enlarged patnotic sympathy,
much less did I expect to find one ready to pierce
the dead. I agree with Boon and Spencer, that
the West should have been settled, and how was
that to be accomplished' My answer is, by just
such men as did effect it, and such a race we will
never see again—so resolutely brave, so pure and
waim in patriotism, so kind to one another, (I
wish their spirit filled these legislative halls,) so
patient under all the pangs of "war, and wants, and
wretchedness Women then weie mote than sol-
dieis
I question, sir, if old Mrs Buchanan did not dis-
tinguish herself in these " petty Jeuds," of which
thegentleman seems never to have heard, as much
as that worthy and venerable man has done in all
the mighty struggles through which his country
has passed. Women then,sir, would comearourd
with bullets in their aprons, encouraging their hus-
bands, sons, and brotheis 'I hey would hold an
aching head, or bind a bleeding wound, and all
this was in the service of the country, in the war
of the Revolution.
Thegentleman seems to be uninformed of the
early occurrences in the West, and "looks down
with scorn upon the strugeles there I could refei
him to a man who would be able to supply his want
of local knowledge—a venerable man, about his
own age; his name is Genmngs, Ed m und Genn ngs
He was in Dunmore's war, fought all duy long in
the battle of the Point, at Big Kenhawa l'he
gentleman no doubt remembers that battle; it was
fought in 1774, ¡ust twenty yeais before Wayne's
victory m 1794 But, an, this old soldier, bent
by war and time, who is now a wandeier, without
ahorne, I left him in my district when I came
away—he performed an exploit in the Nickajack
expedition woithyof a monument Now, sir,
perhaps tnat gentleman never heard of Xickajack,
if so, he should talk no more of Indian wars in the
West, but keep close upon the borders of Rhode
Island. Whitley was at Nickajack, brought
down his soldiers fiom Kentucky, and joined
Robinson at the French Lick Station, (now Nash-
ville ) There are men ahve, and now upon this
floor, who can attest that Whi'l y deseives not to
be degraded to the level of a savage, he was the
patnotof two wais But, sir, Edmund Gennmgs,
he swam a nvei in the dink, a mile in width, (the
Tennessee below the Muscle Shoals.) and went
into an Indian town, which lined its banks, with
one companion only, asceitamed its strength, and
brought the canoes over to Robinson and Whitely.
His companion was Joshua Thomas He went tne
way which the gentleman seems to think was
right, foi he was scalped—a truer buldiernever lived
or died That gentleman may think such men
\ " murderers" and " plunderers," and that it is a
i, bad example to reward oi even admire them But,
¡I sir, 1 rank them witn the bravest of the brave, the
'! most deserving of the i evolutional y soldiers.
I' Mr. Speaker, if I were to ask you to point me
¡I to the most cruel, bloody, and vindictive of all the
mother country's acts which marked her war upon
the colonies, what would be the answer? That
she excited the savages, unkennelled the blood-
hounds of the forest, who knew no mercy, who
spared neither age nor sex, to wat upon the
American people. " In the issue which was made
before high Heaven," " whether England should
rule or America be free," were not the savages
used as instiuments and allies of Great Britain to
suljugate the colonies' Was it not a pan of our
reiolutionaiy struggle to resist those savages?
Were did this vindictive and unrelenting policy
fall most heavily' Upon the West, and, sir, the
West met it, and she has since met penis from
the same qua ter, and as I trust she will ever meet
them, come from wheie they may
It was patriotic in Washington to resist the civ-
ilized armies of Great Britain, but not so in Boon
to resist her gentle and persuasive instiuments of
savage warfare in the West. What kept back the
depredations of these allies from themtenor' The
best of ramparts fora nation's safety—thechwalry
of its/(under citizens. And, sir, shall sucha race
of men, who achieved so much, be branded with.
epithets'—have their scalps put, in their country's
estimation, agamstan Indian scalp,their humanity
against the humanity of an Indian, their honor
against the honor of a savage, while other soldiers
of the Revolution have won tor themselves immor-
tal honor and freedom for their country' No, sir,
it is not just to treat them so. If any sordierof the
Revolution should stand m patriotic merit above
anothei, it is he who fought the solitary fight, in
far and distant parts No flag like that, [pointing
to the flag in the House]—no spirit-stirring fife
and drum to cheer him on—no Washington to
lead him up in confidence to battle—no pay, no
arms, nor ammunition furnished—no clothes, nor
meat, his name upon no roll—he fights from high
impulse and loie of counti y—not for pay nor " plun-
der," and if he falls, no stone to tell the spot—no
book is written about him, but if a monument
at all, it is left by the hand of a hunter, carved in
the bark of the tree that shades his grave. And
if he lives, and is old and poor, a wanderer from
house to house, there is no pension for him. No,
sir, no pension. Why' His name is not enrolled
in a book.
And was not he who found his own arms, and
grappled with the foe in the deep forest, in that
sac-ed cause which won so much for man, without
the ai 1 of anything but valor—was not he a soldier
of the Retolution, stand'ng on prouder ground than
if he had been dtafled, and forced to follow his
commander and that glorious banner? [pointing
again to the flag in the House.]
Friday, January 17, 1834.
Mr PEYTON continued his remarks in reply
to Mr Bukges, as follows- I have but a few obser-
vations to offer in relation to those I made on yes-
terday. My intention has never been to make an
argument upon the question now under considera-
tion. Nothing was farther from my thoughts or
wishes than to have found it necessary for me to
say a word upon the subject I expected to have
given a silent vote. And I assure the House I
feel less anxious to obtain a pension for the early
emigrants to the West (richly as I think they de-
serve it) than to save their memory from censure
and reproach—and show that it would not be wrong
in itself, nor the example demora'izmg, for them
to receive their country's notice and its gratitude.
And now, sir, after all that has been said, a vote
of this House recognizing them to be, what I con-
tend theyare, soldiers of the Revolution,would be
to those who live the proudest day of their exist-
ence, and a grateful tubute of regard to those who
are no more It would cairy joy and gladness to
their bosoms, and afford the means of independ-
ence to those who scorn to live on private charity.
But, sir, the gentleman from Rhode Island speaks
with contempt and censure of those petty feuds and
p> ii-ate wars which raged on the western frontiers.
What does the gentleman mean by petty feuds and
