118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 21,
/acias ought to hare been issued, &c. But on re-
ferring to the report of 1819, presented by the com-
mittee, of which Mr. Spencer, of New York, was
chairman, to inquire into the malversation of the
bank at that time, they would find, that after the
various matters had been enumerated, the conclu-
sion was substantially " that the bank had violated
its charter,-that it was unnecessary to issue aseire
facias, as the powers vested m the Secretary of the
Treasury were fully sufficient, if the stockholders
of the bank, or the directors thereof, should not
correct the evils then charged against it." Thus
Congress had then thought, and they had the other
precedents of Secretary Crawford and of Secretary
Ingham to sustain the same opinion.
Mr. J. next called the attention of the House to
the statement made, that one íeason why the old
Bank of the United States was not rechartered
was, that it was interfering in politics, and this
had been denied, but his friend, the member from
Tennessee, [Mr Polk,] had only urged that it
had been suspected of this. He would now re-
mark that, if it were innocent, they had the highest
possible authority to satisfy them that these sus-
picions were correct; for Mr. Clay, upon his going
home, after voting for the chartering of the present
bank, had expressly stated to his constituents that
one of the consideiations which induced him not
to sustain it was that it had abused its poweis,
and had sought to subserve the views of a political
party; which charges, though denied by its ft lends,
were yet, in his judgment, fully borne out, and the
member from Pennsylvania [Sir. Binney] would
have, therefore, ¿he opportunity afforded him
either of denying the charge, or joining, as he
asserted he would do, in its denunciation. Mr. J.
was proceeding, when he gave way at the sugges-
tion of
Mr. POLK, who submitted a motion to adjourn,
which prevailed.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 21, 1834.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Donelson, ins Private
Secretary.
The VICE PRESIDENT communicated a re-
port from the Secretary of State, responsive to the
íesolution of Mr. Poindexter, calling for a state-
ment of the articles deposited in that department
which had been received as presents by our foreign
functionaries. The report was i ead, referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations, on motion
of Mr WILKINS,andoidered to be punted. A
few minutes afterwards,
Mi. P01NDEXTER rose, and hoped that no
notice of the report would be taken upon the Jour-
nals. He asked that the repoit and accompanying
documents would be retuined to the department,
it was not made in compliance with the resolution.
The resolution asked this information of the Ex-
ecutive, and there was a discrepancy in the pro-
ceedings by reason of the response coming from
another quarter. He hoped uo notice would be
taken of the report
Mr. KING, of Alabama, and Mr. FORSYTH
made a lew remarks in reply to Mr. POINDEX-
TER, when the latter gentleman intimated that
his object had been achieved by the information
asked for being furnished, and thatii any Senator
objected, he would not press the matter.
Mr. FORSYrH.   I object.
Mr. POINDEXTER. Then, sir, I withdraw
the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Commissioner of the
Land Office relative to private land claims.
Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, Mr. BELL, from the Committee on
Claims, Mr. HENDRICKS,from the samecom-
mittee, Mr. BROWN, from the same committee;
Mr. POINDEXTER, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, Mr WRIGHT, from the
Committee on Claims, and Mi BENTON, from
the Committee on Military Affairs, made reports
upon vauous private bills and petitions.
Memorials and petitions, generally of a private
nature, were presented by Messrs. McKEiN,
TIPTON, BENTON, and BIBB; which were
generally, without reading, referred to the usual
committees.
The resolution submitted by Mr. Knight, on
Thuisday, relative to the engraving and printing
a chart of Narraganset bay, being under consid-
eration ,
Mr. KNIGHT stated that since he had offered
the resolution, he had understood that the chart
had been engraved, and he asked to modify it so
as to call for the printing of 1,000 copies.
Mr. FORSYTH remarked that this was cer-
tainly a small affan, but he would at least like to
know for what purpose the multiplication of copies
was desired.
Mr. KNIGHT replied that Narraganset bay
was in the public eye as a naval station. A sur-
vey had been made with that intention. It was a
place of very great interest, and the object of the
resolution was to give everybody an opportunity
of examining the subject, and estimating the ad-
vantages of Narraganset bay. Hew ished to con-
vince the public of the strong claims which this
bay had upon the notice of the Government and
the people.
Mr. FORSYTH objected to the proposition, as
involving an expense without a commensurate
advantage.
Mr. ROBBINS remarked that Narraganset bay
possessed preeminent advantages as a naval sta-
tion. It was superior to any other site on the
whole Atlantic frontier. It was better calculated
as a depot and station from whence to wage a
maritime offensive or defensive warfare, than any
other part of the coast. As a station, it was not
only calculated to repel invasion, but to furnish
facilities to carry the war into the enemy's waters
—to drive him back to his own channels. It was
a station calculated to reduce the expense of a
naval war at least one half. The cost of panting
was trifling: a knowledge of the bay of great im-
portance.
Mr. FORSYTH said that he wasreallyashamed
to rise again, but he could not conceive that any
good would arise by an expenditure of three or
four hundied dollars for printing additional copies
of a chart, when all who had occasion to examine
it could be furnished at any time. These repeated
calls for printing involved in the aggregate heavy
expenditures. He could not conceive that any
public benefit would be derived from the adoption
of this resolution, and consequently he should vote
against it.
The resolution was adopted—ayes 23, noes not
counted.
Mr. WEBSTER moved to take up the bill
making appropriations, in part, for the support of
Government for the year 1834.
Mr. W. remarked that the bill, when it passed
the House, contained a provision restricting the
Senate in the expenditure of the contingent fund
to its ordinary expenses, and not to the purchase
or publication of any books, maps, charts, &c,
and that not a dollar could be expended under that
provision for anything but their ordinary printing
business. He thought the Senate ought to be
allowed the privilege of using their contingent
fund at their pleasure,and he, therefore,moved to
adhere to the amendment.
Mr FORSYTH thought the restriction imposed
by the House a very necessary one. Very great
abuses had certainly taken place in the expenditure
of the contingent fund. It had been frequently
appropriated to the purchase and publication of
books of any kind, whether good or bad, if the
owners of tnem could induce a friend to make the
motion, believing they were good and useful. He
recollected, and mentioned seveial instances of
such expenditure, and even now there was an
annual appropriation of $2,500 for purchasing
Gales & Seaton's Register of Debates as long as
they might choose to publish them. He thought
there was no other way to prevent these abuses but
by agreeing to the restriction imposed by the House.
Mr. KANE thought the question was not
whether the Senate acted umvisely m the expend-
iture of its contingent fund, but whether this
body, having ordered ceitam printing, bhould pay
for it. He agieed with the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts that the Senate ought to insist on their
amendment
Mr KING, of Alabama, was of a different
opinion. It was ceitam there had hitherto been a
disposition to squander the contingent fund. The
same provision had been introduced into similar
bills some years ago, and was a very proper one.
We had the law before us for our government, and
why had we ordered this printing' He was in
favor of the course pursued by the House
Mr. WEBSTER viewed the question as affect-
ing the relative rights of the two Houses; it was
not in true taste to be in controversy on this sub-
ject. To restrict the Senate thus, was to negative
the very idea of a contingent fund. Such a fund
was, by its terms, to be used as the Senate might
think ftt.
Mr. POINDEXTER moved that the question
be taken by yeas and nays; which were ordered,
and are as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Bibb, Black, Calhoun,
Chambers, Clay, Evvmg, Frelinghuysen, Hen-
dricks, Kane, Kent, Knight, Linn, McLean, Man-
gum, Moore, Naudam, Pomdextei, Porter, Pren-
tiss, Preston, Robbms, Robinson, Silsbee, Smith,
Southard, Sprague, Swift, Tipton, Tomlmson,
Tyler, Waggaman, Webster, and Wilkins—34.
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Brown, Forsyth,
Grundy, Hill, King of Alabama, King of Georgia,
Moms, Rives, Shepley, Tallmadge, White, and
Wright—13
The special order of the day (Mr. Clay's reso-
lution) was then called up, when
Mr E WING continued his remarks until about
half past two o'clock, when he gave way to Mr.
WEBSTER, for a motion to proceed to execu-
tive business.   After the consideration of which,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 21,1834
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, reported a bill
for the relief of John Bruce.
Mr. BLAIR, of Massachusetts, a bill for the
relief of Colonel George Gibson.
Mr WARDWELL, a bill for extending the
provisions of an act supplemental to an act for the
benefit of the surviving officers ana soldiers of the
Revolution.
Mi. CHINN, a bill to organize the several fire
companies in the District of Columbia.
Mr. HAMER, a bill for the relief of Mr. P. Mix.
Mr. LEAV1TT, a bill authorizing the surrender
of certain bounty lands by soldiers of the Revo-
lution, that they might locate on others in lieu
thereof, and for other purposes.
Mr McKIM, a bill authorizing the continuance
of the Cumberland road to Indiana and Illinois,
and for its repairs, &c. Also, a bill for the relief
of Tuffs & Clark.
Mr SELDEN, a bill for the relief of Stephen
Kingston.
Mr. BINNEY, a bill supplemental to the act
passed for the relief of certain insolvent debtors of
the United States.
Mr. REED, of Massachusetts, a bill for the
relief of Commodore Isaac Hull.
Mr LOYALL, a bill for the relief of Humphry
B  Gwathmay
All which bills were severally read twice and
committed
Mr. CLAY reported a bill for the relief of Asa
•Hartfield; which was read twice, and ordered to
be engrossed for its third reading to-morrow.
The SPEAKER presented the annual report
from the State Department of the patents for in-
ventions taken out, and of those which had ex-
pired m 1832; which was laid on the table.
Mr. BEARDSLEY obtained leave of the House
to submit the following resolution, which lies on
the table one day for consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be directed to inform this House what amount of
money had been received into the Treasury on or
before the 30th of September, 1832, as proceeds of
lands embraced in the Louisiana purchase, and
which had been sold by the United States, exhib-
iting also a statement of payments ftom the Treas-
ury for roads or other improvements withm the
limits of said purchase; also, exhibiting the
amount of payments by the United States of and
upon any claim or claims to lands within said pur-
chase, also, payments and expenditures to obtain
title to any Indian rights to such lands; also, pay-
ments to commissioners, officers, &c, who have
been employed m the management and sale of
lands within said purchase, &c , so as to exhibit
