120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 22,
it was the President's duty and right to remove
them. The Secretaries were not responsible to ut>,
but to tne President, and the President was re-
sponsible to the people and to the representatives
of the people. In support of this position, Mr.
J. read several passages from the debates in Con-
gress on the organization of the departments.
If the President is responsible for the due exe-
cution of the laws, it is necessary that those under
him should be responsible to him for the manner
in which those laws are executed, as he may
direct or judge best. The principles in which the
laws are executed should be alike maintained by
all in subordination to the executive government;
and these principles are based on opinions. The
President is, therefore, in a sensible degree affected
by the opinions of those under him concerning
the mode of executing the laws; and more so,
concerning whether the law should or not have its
proper efficacy. Having nominated his subordi-
nates, he is responsible for their conduct in office.
He has, therefore, properly a control over then
opinions relative to the duties of their station,
and has the power of removal for a contradiction of
opinion; for it would beget a contrariety of action.
And if he has thus constitutionally the power of
removing whole gangs of those in office under him,
who can deny him the power of removing one'
He will merely put the case instanced by Mr.
Calhoun. Suppose that instead of the Secretary
of the Treasury being opposed to the removal of
the deposites, and the Piesident determined in
favor of them, that the Secretary of the Treasury
was as determinedly in favor of their being re-
moved, while the President was decided against
such a measure, are there any of the opposite
party declaiming now in favor of the bank, who
would not exult at the proper exercise of the con-
stitutional power vested in the President, of re-
moving one so opposed in opinion and practice,
because such a measure would be coincident with
their own interests or views' There ate, there-
fore, more spectacles to be found than those of
Major Jack Downing; which, when turned on the
patent screws, will enable their user to see things
adversely from reality, to view m bold relief
objects discernible only in perspective; to observe
black things as white; and all as they would be
desired, not as they in reality exist We need
not go to England for these patent spectacles; for
they are to be found on the floor of the House.
But it had been alleged as dangerous that the
Government should hold purse and sword, and
asserted that having already the sword, the Ex-
ecutive, by this removal of the deposites, would
obtain such a contiol over the Treasury as to pos-
sess alt,o the puise. The former part of this
assertion has been amply disproved by the gentle-
man from .New York, [Mr Beaudsley,] who has
shown that not the executive, but the legislative
branch of the Government possesses virtually and
actually the sword; for it possesses the command
of the Army and Navy, and their equipment, the
power to declare war and make peace, the right to
raise taxes and make appropriations; all which are
properly the duties of that part of any govern-
ment which can properly be said to possess the
sword of the nation. And as to that part of the
assertion which insinuates-that the Executive
becomes possessed of the purse of the nation by
ordering the transfer of the deposites from one
lace to another, it is equally nugatory or invalid,
ecause the transfer from the United States Bank
to a State bank is no greater in its effects than the
transfer from the United States Bank to one of its
branches, or from one branch bank to another,
indeed.no more than changing the deposites from
one side of the vaults of the banks to another.
And why' The Executive can make no demand
for expenditure on the deposites, wherever situa-
ted, without a definite appropriation by Congress
Thus Congress possesses in reality both the purse
and the sword of the nation. So that the argu-
ment concerning the power of the White House
of the Executive more properly belongs to the
White House of Congress. There is no evil to
be apprehended from the power of the former till
the power of the latter be invoked into exertion.
The loaded ass of Philip was never able to enter
the walls of a Grecian city nil those within were
prepared to receive him. The heads of any de- j
partment will not be capable of succeeding in any I
contemplated plan of violating the Constitution,
till the people themselves become corrupted. So
was it in every republic of any age. The repub-
lics of Greece and Rome maintained their pristine
vigor till the people became corrupted, and dead-
ened to a sense of their own degradation. Caesar
was not able to seize the treasury of Rome till
the people cried " All hail'"
The Executive will be unfaithful in the discharge
of the trust confened on him by the public, if he
does not see practised what he judges best If any
j Secretary, whether of the Treasury or of any de-
partment, disagrees with the President, it 1= then
' a duly which he owes no less to the country than
I to hii.self, to turn that Secretary out of office.
i Le' the case be thus illustrated: Suppose this
country was again involved in war with England,
and that the British troops were landed in this
country, suppose that the bank had agreed to loan
largely to the commissary of that army, and that
this fact became known to the Executive, would it
not be the duty of the President to ordei that no
public funds should continue deposited in the vaults
of the bank, in order to be so applied to aid and
abet, comfort and convenience, the arms of the
common enemy' If then the Secretary of the
Tieasury should depend on the power with which
it is alleged the charter arms him, of judging of
and for himself, concerning the expediency of
removing these deposites, and should in conse-
quence peisist in refusing to order any transfer,
would he not be guilty of misprision of treason,
by free consent, and subject to impeachment5
The honorable gentleman next adverted to the
sufficiency of the various reasons adduced by the
Secretary of the Treasuiy as having induced him
to order the removal of the deposites, in answer
to the arguments by Mr Bimey and others. He
dwelt fir¡>t on the transaction of the bank relative
to thepurchaseand deferring of thethieeper cents ,
although it was expected the Government would
íedeem that debt. He asserted that the bank was
responsiole for what Us agent had done, particular-
ly when that agent was General Cadwalader, who
was intímale with the relations and designsof the
bank—was himself a director, and had even been
a president pro tern, of the bank. Not till the pub-
lic indignation was roused by the publication of
the circular of the Barings of London, did the
bank think proper to disavow theproceedmgs. To
disavow afterwards the proceedings of an agent is
no uncommon occurrence in commercial as well as
political transactions He instanced that of pas-
sing over the Florida line, and seizing the towns of
St Marks and Pensacola, and when the Spanish
ambassador complained of the trespass, it was
found corvement to disavow it, and to throw the
weight of the responsibility on the agent So '
was the disavowal m the case of the three per
cents.; and a similar instance occurred during the
existence of the old bank m a substitution of two
millions of debt for another two millions of a dif-
ferent kind which the Secretary claimed the right
of redeeming. This latter was a feasible objection
against the former bank, the present charge is
therefore tenable against the present bank.
He instanced next the interference in elections,
and referred to cases before quoted by Mr. Polk,
of Tennessee.
The loans of the bank to different individuals
connected with the public press, formed his next
topic of animadversion These loans, he said,
were given without any specification as to time or
security, to responsioility or manner, and given
evidently to sustain the interests of the bank, and
to an undefined amount, larger than was required.
The honorable gentleman here quoted the items
specified in the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury of the amount of discounts of the bank
on the 31st December, 1830, ($42,403,404,) and that
m 1831, ($63,026,452,) and compared it with that in
the May following, (§70,000,000,) to prove that the
bank had extravagantly enlarged its discounts at
the time the Piesident delivered his message coun-
ter tons being «chartered, and this was only four
years before its charter was expected to expire
He compared the account of the Secretary with
that given by the bank itself, m the report of its
directors, and showed that the actual increase in
the amount of the loans at that period was at an
average of seven millions for foui months. He
also demonstrated that as in February and March,
I '32, the amount of specie was six millions, and of
currency twenty-four millions, and the present
amount of specie ten millions, and of cuirency
only eighteen, that the withdrawing of the dis-
counts of the difference between the present circu-
lation and the sixty-three or seventy millions, was
the-real cause of the distress—not removing of the
deposites.
tie touched cursorily on the topic of the bank
i having published some documents, &c , which had
' been ordered to be printed and circulated by Con-
I gress, because they contained reports favorable to
that institution.   This he considered a gratuitous
and uncalled-for act, and that it was evidently an
' exertion of electioneering policy in favor of having
| granted a new charter.   Whoever does not per-
ceive in the transaction testimony sufficient to war-
rant such a conclusion, requires more evidence
than would satisfy him.
Mr J then discussed the topic of concealing
the affairs of the bank from the Government
directors This was faintly denied by the other
bank directors, but fully admitted and justified by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr Binney ]
Here Mr. J quoted the discussion in Congtess at
the time of appointing Government directors of
the bank, to prove it was deemed then essential
that a national bank should be for national in-
terests, and be controlled by the Government of
the nation, and to prove it could not properly sub-
serve public interests if its affairs or administra-
tions were kept close. Yet have the Government
directors been excluded not only from all partici-
pation in the management of the bank, but have
had its proceedings studiously concealed fiom
them. The whole executive power of the direct-
ors has devolved upon the committee of ex-
change, who have intrusted to them an irrespon-
sible power. For even Mr Biddle himself, when
examined, confessed that that committee need not
necessarily report its proceedings to the board of
directors. They had power to order loans with-
out regard to length of time or security, when and
to whom they pleased, and hence they were en-
abled to discount notes of hand for Webb and for
Burrows, for Noah and for others; to grant facil-
ities as they judged advantageous to secure the
advocacy of those connected with tlie public press;
and to do so in a manner not tolerated in any other
instance by any banks. Yet all these notes were
duly recognized by the executive committee, and
even Mordecai Noah's authonzed, though unen-
dorsed by Burrows, as it should have been. But
this was in contemplation of a renewal of the char-
ter, done precisely at the period necessary to in-
fluence the public mind when the President deliv-
ered his message disapproving of the recharter
He disproved the allegation of Mr Binney rel-
ative to the power of any corporation to delegate
its authonty to others. This delegation is par-
tial, not entire. If the board of directors institute
general rules for the administration of the bank,
the committee cannot run counter to these rules.
If the board decree that all transactions shall be
submitted to a quorum of seven, and that the com-
mittee infringes this general rule, then is the com-
mittee wrong, and the administration of the bank
improper
The honorable member from Georgia continued
to declaim in detail against the proceedings of the
bank on the French bill; to show the greater
responsibility, safety, and stability of depositing
the public funds in State banks to one bank with
many heads, of their being more independent of
the Executive, and therefore of separating moneyed
influence from governmental patronage, and ad-
vocated the superior nature and efficacy of the
amendment he had proposed in lieu of that by the
gentleman fi om South Carolina, viz. that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means should be instructed
to inquire on what terms the different State banks,
&c.
Mr HUNTINGTON having obtained the floor,
moved an adjournment.
The House adjourned at half past three o'clock.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 22, 1834.
ORDERS OP THE DAY.
The resolution of Mr. SHEPLEY, offered on
Thursday, relative to the amount of tonnage em-
