1631.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
121
ployed in the West India trade, came up for con-  |
federation, when                                                            I
Mr. SHEPLCY save his reasons a' 'ength for
asking the information cJled for by the resolution,
accompanied Willi tabular statements of the value
of tiade and the amount of tonnage between the
Um ed Statps and the Bn'ish West Indies
Messrs. PCNDEXTER. and KNIGHT also
mode a few lemaiks, ulien the íesolution was
adopted.
The i esolu'ions offeied on Thursday by Messrs
Waggaman,Tipton, and Linn, the íesolutionsof t
Monday, submitted byMess'S Chambers, Ben-
ton, arid White, those offeied yesterday by
Messrs. Waccimw, Porter, Swin, and Siiep-
ley, weie &everaUy taken up ai d adopted.
Mr. WEBSTER, from the Committee on Fi
nance, reported favorably on the petition ofsundiy
citizens ot Georgia pra/mg that the duty upon iron
which was about to be imported to construct a
steamboat may be remitted, in order that the ex-
periment about being made might be attended with
as little expense as possible.
The bill was read and committed.
Mr. HENDRICKS gave notice that he should
to-morrow ask leave to introduce a bill for the |
relief of Challes G. Hand.
Mr. MOÜRE, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, made an unfa vol able repor' upon
the petition of Benjamin Holmes; which, on his
motion, was laid upon the table, and oidered to be
printed
Mr. WILKÍN8 presented the petition of sun-
diy officers of the late war; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WILKINS submitted a memorial fiom a
number of citizens of Philadelphia, complaining of
the improper conduct of the board of directors of
the Bank of the United States, aopioving of the
course of the Seuetaiy of the Tieasuiy in re-
moving the public deposi'es, and pra/i'ig that
Congiess would not interfere in restoring them to
the Bank of the United States
The memorial was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Petitiors of a p-ivate nature were presented by
Messrs SHEPLEY.TOMLINSON.WILKINS,
SPRAGUE, and PORTER, which were referred
to appropriate committees.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
WAGGAMAN, was eonsideied and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inqune into the propriety of grant-
ir)g----------acres of land to Majoi General Phile-
mon Thomas, in consideration of the military ser-
vices, rendered by him in taking possession of that
portion of WestPlonda included in the district of
Baton Rouge.
The following resolution was submitted by Mr.
LINN:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of ex-
tending the northern boundaiy line of the Stateof
Missouu westward to the Missouri river, and east-
ward from the rapids of the Des Mon.es to the ¡
Mississippi nvei, and inquire whethei the north- |
ern boundary line has been ascertained of the State j
of Missouri according to compact                             |
Atoneo'clockMi CLAY moved that the Senate (
proceed to the consideration of the special order of
the day, being his resolutions upon the removal of
the deposites.
Mr. EWING then resumed and concluded his
remarks; when
Mr. PRESTON moved an adjournment, hut
gave way to
Mr. WEBSTER, upon whose motion the Sen-
ate, at five minutes past two o'clock,proceeded to
executive business.
Pievious to the galleries being cleared a com-
munication was laid before the Senate ¡rom the
President of the United States, in compliance with
the íesolution of Mr. Pointdexter, relative to pres-
ents made to public functiunaues íesident in foi-
eigncountue:., now deposited in the Department of
State, which, on motion of Mi. TORS YTH, was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations;
and, on motion of Mi. POINDEXTER, was
ordered to be printed.
When the doors were opened the Senate had
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTAT'VES.           1
Wednesday, Jaaway 22, 1834.                  |
As ^oon as the Journal was read,
Mr. POLK moved to take up the bill making   i
appiopriations, in part, for the service of the Gov-
ernment duung the year 1334    His object was to
propose a conference with the Senate in relation to   I
the amendment to which the Senate had adhered,
and he had no doubt that, through means of a
conference, the diffieul'y might be settled                 I
The bill I aving been taken up,
Mr. POLK moved that the House insist upon ¡
the disagreement to the amendment of the Senate,
sinking out the clause relative to the appropriation
of the contingent fund of ihe two Houses to the
purpose cf printing, and purchase of books, maps,
&,c
Mr II/VRDIN said that his impression was, in
regard to the point of order, that a conference
between the two Houses could not be asked after
one of them had adheied The Senate having
adheied, the House must recede, o- lose the bill.
For his part, he would rather recede than lose the
bill.
Mr. POLK. 1 am not prepared to say that I
would. As to the point of order, he was satisfied
that the motion which he had made was strictly
m order. The position in which the House was
placed might be undesirable, but being so placed,
he was prepared to act He should abstain from
any debate, unless n was foiced upon him. He
believed that the committee of conference would
settle the question in the manner in which it ought
to be settled, and that it was due to the Senate and
to omseives to ask a conference.                                 ¡
The CII4, ¡ R stated that the motion was in order.
Mr J  U  ADAMS said, that according to the   |
piact.ceof Congress for the last t'nrty yeais, when
ci'her House a inou iced to the other its adherence,   |
tneie could be r > conference     We must either re   ||
cede,oi adheie and lose (he bill; and this practice,
he contended, had its advantages     The chairman   ,
of Me Committee of Ways and Means has inti-
mated that if we now insist, and ask a confeience,
the question will  lie  finally settled.    1 ask, sir,   |
wheie the honorable chau man got his information, 1
and I pause for a reply.                                               ¡I
Mi   POLÍÍ replied  that he had proposed the i,
confererce under   the  impression   that   the  two L
Houses would  ultimately agiee;   because, when
the conferees came together, they would find the
proposition of the House so reasonable that they
would agree to it.    He hod not received any in- i.
foimation as to the probable couise of the Senate "
from any member of that body.                                 ,|
Mr   ADAMS thanked the  gentleman for the
information that Ins impressions were not derived
fiom that source.   Now, sir, said he, if the gentle- |l
man rests upon the reasonableness of his pioposi-   j
tion, it is my impression that the Senate will not jj
agr-e to it, and he was sure thai they ought not.
What would be the consequence?   When we send
a messpge to the Senatp asking a confeience, they
will reject it.    It will then go betore the world as
a quaucl between the two Houses, provoked by I
the Senate.   He did not expect that the pentleman
k?d this design in view, but that the eftect would
be to put the two before the country in that atti-
tude    Toe consequences of making such an ím-
piession on the public mind would, in his opinion, ,
be moie injurious than the loss of the bill.    He j
hoped that we should give up our provision, or
adhere and let the bill go.    It would be bettei  to n
lose this bill, however urgent it may be, and to get |
up another in its place, aitei much inconvenience
fiom the delay, man to put the two Houses before  I
the nation in a quanellmg attitude     1 say it is   '
my impression that the Senate will íeject the con- j|
feience, but that impression has not been denved  ,
from conversation with any Senator.   The pro- I
vision introduced into the bill by the House, ne I
regaided as useless and m&ultmg to the benate,
and the House, in his opinion, ought not to adhere il
1 to it.    The honor of the House, and the oeace |
and quiet of the nation, required that the House
should recede    If the gentleman was so tenacious
of the piovision, let him bung forwaid a sepaiate
bill, and enact it üs a general la>v.                             l
Mr. FOOT said the decision of the Chair was
correctas to the pailiamentaiy rule, but the piac- |¡
tico had not prevailed in this country.   The Senate I
had adhered in the first instance, without insisting,
and the door to conference was therefoie closed.
The Senate, by adheimg, had signified that there
was something in tne bill which was insulting to
the dignity of their body, and that it was a subject
foi further consideration. The gentleman from
Tennessee supposes that the Senate will recede,
but the record of then proceedings in regard to the
mat'ei does not encourage the supposit on.    Look
at the vote on the question-------
The CHAIR interposed, and stated that it was
not in order to refei to the vote of the Senate.
Mr FOOT said the wholeobjectof a conference,
at this stage of the proceedings, was to put on rec-
ord the reasons of the two Houses for adhering
now; he had no reason to give for the course of
this House, and he was not willing to put upon
record that this Hou«e had denied to the Senate
the exercise of a pnvilege which we claim for our-
selves
Mr. EVERETT, of Massachusetts, asked
whether the Chair was of opinion that the motion
of the gentleman from Tennessee was in order >
Tne CHAIR replied, certainly. In the British
Parliament it was once the usage not to confer after
adheience, but that rule had been changed, and it
was the prac'ice to ask a conference after an ad-
herence by both Houses. The practice here had
been d ffeient. After an adherence by both Houses
it had never been the usage to ask a conference.
But when one House mounted up at once to a  ad-
herence, and the other did not, the other could ask
a confeience. This last course was taken in two
prominent instances—in regard to the Missouri
restriction bill, and the judiciary bill, as lie showed
by íeference to the Journals. It was for the House
now to adheit—in which case there could be no
conference—or to recede, or to insist, and ask a
con'erence
Mr. EVERETT, after some remarks upon the
decision of tne Chair, lemai keel that he had under-
stood the gendeman from Tennessee to say that
he had no doubt the Senate would give way.
Mr. POLK explained. He had no doubt that,
in a conference, the two Houses would agree, and
he would give areason for that opinion. The pro-
vision would be so modified as to impose no fur-
tner restnciion upon the Senate than upon this
House. This was the only mode of ascertaining
whether the two Houses could agree without
bringing forward a new bill. He asked the con-
feience m order to avoid the adherence, and the
consequent loss of the bill.
Mi EVERETT understood, he said, that it was
now admitted that the clausem question was copied
by madveitence from the bill ot last session and
that the provision was of one year's standing
alone. He had lepeatedly stated to the House,
during the progress of ttu bill, that the provision
had not been inserted in any former bill except
tnat of the last year But it was insisted upon
that it had been a standing provision for four years.
But he objected to any limitation of the contingent
fund in this way. Let this bill fall, and some
other way can be provide! by which the members
may receive their pay and mileage. If the two
Houses must quanel, let it be on some more lm-
poitani point t inn this.
Mi SUrUCRLAINP made some remarks on
the point of order
Mi. McKClNIs AN said, the contingent fund of
the House was about ore hundred and fifty thou-
sand dolíais, end to restiict the House in rsappli-
cation, impi.ed a want of confidence in the integ-
rity of a niaputy of the House Suppose that the
House, by unanimous vote, dechres that the pin-
chase of tome book, map, or chart, is necessaiy
for the insti uction of the House, must we then ap-
ply to the berate tor leave to use a portion of our
contingent fund for the purchase' He was not
wiHmg to tie the hands of the House in this way,
foi it 7mplied a want of confidence in the mtegiity
of the House The contingent fund cf the Sena'e
was only §34 OOO, but we undertake to say, that
having no confidence in tne Senate, they shall not
use a dollar of that fund for the pmchase of books,
dc , without our leave The restriction was a
direct and palpable insult to the Senate
Mr. EVERETT, of Veimont, eonsideied it
almost a loss of time to continue debating on a
ü'fling amount concerning the contingent ex-
penses of the House, rather than attend to the
i
