122___________________THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                             Jan. 23,
more important amounts embraced in the general
appropriations.
In answer to a question—
Mr. POLK said, that the proposed Committee
of Conference would be empowered either to agree
in whole or in part with the Senate, or to reject if
they pleased. Or they would be empowered to
substitute another clarase or amendment, as might
be agreed on by the conferees of both Houses,
and then ask the concurrence of their respective
bodies. He considered it better thus to submit
the views of either House, to avoid the collision
of both. He again explained the tendency of the
obnoxious clause—that it was to confine the com-
pensation for any books which may be ordered to
appropriations for the objects specified, not to
have them paid for from the contingent funds—
and to prevent either House from making ap-
propriations without the concurrence of the other,
as by the Constitution established. The same
principle contained in the restrictive clause has
been consecutively adopted by both Houses during
the last four years, and maintained, with but one
exception, in the case of a book ordered by the
House. He had not the slightest intention, by his
motion, to offer an insult to the Senate, nor was
it in the contemplation of the House to distrust
themselves. The motion was in the parliamentary
course of proceedings, and was meant to adjust
difference rather than agitate dissension. A con-
ference being granted can do no harm, and it may
effect much good.
Mr. BARRINGER asked the Speaker what
would be the result if the conference were granted
by both Houses, and that no agreement resulted
Would there be an alternative on the part of the
House to recede, or would the bill lie on the table
of the Senate and be lost'
TheSPEAKER said that the clause ofadhenng,
not insisting, being connected with that for the
conference, would have the effect of placing the
bill on the table of the Senate in case of refusal
to compromise.
Mr. BARRINGER considered it better to insist
and retain the bill rather than adhere, and have
it lost in case of refusal
Mr. BOOLDIN said he had voted for the pro-
viso in debate, when it was originally proposed in
the bill of appropriation for contingent expenses,
because he expected it would limit the range of"
expenditure under the head of general appropri-
ation. But finding tnat, instead of so limiting, it
had the effect of actually enlarging those expenses
and appropriations—because all not specifically
prohibited are supposed to be countenanced—and
the prohibition being only on the purchase of books,
everything analogous to books is supposed to be
included in the general appropriation for contingent
expenses: he would, therefore, now reverse his
vote, acting on the same principle as that which
induced him originally to support the proviso.
Every expense not embraced in the particular
interdiction is countenanced, and therefore may
adroitly be foisted into the contingent expenses.
The bill was originally made on the spur of the
moment, and therefore more obnoxious to error,
for he remembers that Lord Coke has distinctly
asserted that few good laws are ever made on the
spur or excitement of the occasion The proviso
of the present bill is a proof of his assertion.
Mr BROWN addressed a few words to the
House, which were inaudible in the reporter's
seat.
Mr POLK was willing to modify his resolu-
tion so as to obtain only the committee of con-
ferepce, without tne clause insisting on the dis-
agreement
Mr POSTER considered that the House should
have a respect for itself as well as for the Senate;
and that they should have a laudable jealousy for
the expenditure of the public money. The mem-
bers of that House are the representatives of the
people, and from them should all appropriations
emanate. It was, therefore, the duty of the Senate
to request the conference after the House had so
unequivocally disagreed to the amendment on an
appropriation bill; to receive it as proposed by the
Hoube or to reject it t  Mo—not certainly to send
it back with a message that they had adhered to
their own amendment He would piefer that the
bill should be lost rather than the dignity of the
House should be lost    The Senate is not respon-
sible to the country for the appropriations made;
I courtesy might therefore haveprevented them from
making an amendment, at least from adhering to
an amendment which met the disapprobation of
that House, whose duty and right it more imme-
diately is, to control the expenses of the nation.
He is reluctanttosurrender thepnnciplecontamed
in the proviso, and rather than have it lost, he
desires to have the whole bill lost; and that the
responsibility should then rest on the other House
In a similar discussion in that House, he had
asserted that the contingent fund ought to be more
properly designated the convenient fund, and this
he now repeated, for it was too well known that
it was generally used as a matter of convenience;
and that a dash of the pen often could draw on it
for $30,000. He hoped the House would be
mindful of its own privileges and rights, as well as
regardful of the liberties and taxes of the people,
not toconcedethe proviso, and he trusted that the
gentleman from Tennessee would not withdraw his
motion insisting on the disagreement, if he did not
withdraw that demanding a conference.
The debate was continued foi some time, when
The question on the motion being divided, it was
put on the first part, viz that the House insist on
the disagreement, &c , and lost.
And the second part, viz: that the House re-
quest a conference, and it was carried in the affirm-
ative, upon which a committee of five were named
to act as confeiees.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Department for Indian Affairs,
with a list of persons employed, and their stations,
&e ; which was referred to the Committee on I
Indian Affairs.
The House then, by consent, waived the eon-
sideration of the removal of the deposites, and
proceeded to take up several engrossed bills which
were on the Speaker's table.
The bill to authorize the construction of the
branch railroad from Baltimore to Washington,
coming up for its third reading,
Mr. CHINN moved to recommit the bill to the
Committee on the District of Columbia, as the
people of the District were deeply interested in the
subject, and claimed to be heard upon it before
that committee. They considered that this would
lay an annual tax upon all passengers travelling
upon the road, which ought not to be made; but
if it was made, that some pait of this emolument
should belong to them, as well as to the State of
Maryland.
Mr McKIM said that the present bill «raí only
a renewal of a former one, which had expired by
its own limitation This law having been passed
by the State of Maryland, her Legislature had sub-
scribed to it $500,000, in consideration of which a
tax of fifty cents was given to them. He could
not assent to the justice of the claims of the people
of the District to any portion of this tax, they not
having subscribed to it, and the road being through
a very small portion of the District.
Mr. CHINN would not then discuss the right
of the matter; but he would insist that they had a
right to be heard upon the bill before their own
committee.
Mr. VINTON rose, not to object to the recom-
mitment of the bill, but to its being sent to the
District committee, and he contended that it should
be sent to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. STODDERTsaid there were many consid-
erations of a puiely local nature connected with
the bill, which made the Committee on the District
the most appropriate one to send it to.
Mr. VINTON moved to recommit it to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals
Mr STODDERT remarked that the bill had
originally been reported from the Senate's Com-
mittee on the District.
Mr HEATH opposed both the motions to
recommit, and advocated its immediate passage.
After a few remarks from Mr. McKIM, the bill
was recommitted to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
A bill for the relief of John Hurtell;
A bill granting certain allowance to officers of
the marine corps, and
A bill to establish a pension agency at Decatur,
in Alabama, and for other purposes, &c ,
Were severally read the third time,and passed. '
The bill making appropriations for the Indian
Department of 1834, coming up for its final pas-
sage—
Mr HORACE EVERETT said that the Com-
mittee for Indian Affairs had ín&tiucted him to
move that the bill should be recommitted to that
committee, in order that they might examine it,
and ascertain if there were any appropriations
made for persons whose offices were not ieco -
nized by law
Mr. CLAY said, that fiom the accidental ab-
sence of Mi .Polk, the chanman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, who reported the bill, he
was induced to move that Us further consideration
should be postponed, which was agreed to.
A bill for the relief of Colonel Coombs, after a
few remarks from Messrs. CLAY, HARDIN,
ELLSWORTH, EVANS, and McKENNAN,
was also postponed.
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 23, 1834.
A message was received fiom the House of
Representatives, by Mr Franklin, their clerk,
asking a conference with the Senate on the dis-
agreement of the two Houses relative to amend-
ments in the appropriation bill.
Mr WEBSTER asked for the immediate con-
sideration of the message. He intimated that
there was no settled piactice on the subject of
conferences, and moved that the message be re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance, which was
agreed to.
Mr. WEBSTER asked permission, which was
granted, to take up the bill making appropriations
for the naval service for the year 1854, which was
read a third time and passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT communicated the
proceedings of a public meeting in Cincinnati,
Ohio, disapproving of the course of the Secretary
of the Treasury in removing the public deposites,
and asking their restoration to the Bank of the
United States.
The communication, on motion of Mr. EWING,
was read, and referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BENTON read a letter from Benjamin
Phillips, of New Albany, in Indiana, stating that
he had made an improvement in the machinery of
steamboats, so as to prevent accidents by the
explosion of boilers, and intimating his wish to
be summoned before the Committee on Naval
Affairs, in order to be examined upon the subject.
The leaer, on motion of Mr. BENTON, was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs
Mr HENDRICKS, agreeably to notice, intro-
duced a bill for the íelief of Charles R. Hand, of
Indiana
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Roads and Canals, introduced a bill for the con-
struction of certain roads in Arkansas.
Mr MANGUM presented the memorial of sun-
diy cituens of North Carolina, disapproving of the
removal of the deposites, and asking their resto-
ration to the Bank of the United States. Mr M.
took occasion to say that he knew many of the
signers of the memorial His personal knowledge
enabled him to testify to their respectability and
intelligence, that they resided in the centre of a
dense population, and that at least one half of them
were fast friends of the Administration, and had
supported it through good andthrough evil repor .
On motion of Mr. M. the memorial was referred
to the Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. TIPTON gave notice that he should ask
leave to introduce a bill to authorize the people of
Michigan Territory to frame a constitution pie-
paratory to being admitted into the Union
Mr KANE introduced a bill to establish an
additional land office in Illinois.
Mr TALLMADGE reported a bill for the
relief of John H  Maguire.
The resolution of Mr LINN, submitted yes-
terday, was taken up and adopted.
A number of bills, of a private nature, from the
House of Repiesematives, were read a first and
second time, and referred to the appropriate Com-
mittees,
