1634.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
123
Petitions were presented by Messrs. EWING,
RJBBlXvS, and TYLER.
The following rebolutions were submitted, and
he over one day:
By Mr. UPTON:
Resolved, Tnat the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office be duected to inform the Senate
what progress has been made in connecting the
surveys of the public lands with the l.ne of demar-
cation between the States of Indiana and Illinois,
agreeably to the provisions of an act of Congress
entitled " An act authorizing the President of the
United States to cause the public surveys to be
connected with the line of demarcation between
the States of Indiana and Illinois," approved the
2d March, 1833.
By Mr. SHEPLEY:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be diiected
to inform the Senate whethei any and what evi-
dence has been received by the department, show-
ing that the beacon on Steele's ledge, in Penob-
scot bay, has been destroyed, and to furnish an
estimate for its reconstruction or repair in such a
manner that it may be secure.
By Mr. TIPTON:
Resolved, That the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office be directed to report to the Sen-
ate what progress, if any, hts been made in sur-
veying and preparing foi sale the lands acquit ed
by puichase from the Pottawatomie Indians, m
the State of Indiana, and that he leportthe num-
ber of surveyors and deputy surveyors that have
been engaged m that work, with their names and
residence.
By Mr  TIPTON-
'Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be requested to inquire into the expediency of re-
moving the office of the surveyor general of the
land district, composed of the States of Ohio a, d
Indiana, and the Michigan Territory, to a point
more convenient to the country now lemainmg io
be surveyed than that at which said office io now
kept, and that said committee also inquire into
the expediency of allowing office rent to the siu-
veycr ge.ieral, and of an appropriation to pur-
chase an iron chest for the safe-keeping of the
public moneys received at the land office of La
Poite, Indiana.
The Senate, on motion of Mr. WEBSTER,
proceeded to the
SPECIAL ORDER OP THE DAY,
Being Mi. CLAY'S resolutions in lefeiencc to
the removal of the deposites.
Mi. PRESTON rose and said that the interest
excited by th'S debate, and the feeling which hid
been produced in the country, was entirely dis
proportioned to what the meie abstiaction oí so
much money fiom the Bank of the United States
would produce. The cause of the deep interest
excited was to be iound else*heie. When the
manner of removal and the pnncples which led
to it weie reflected on, surpuse would vanish,
and it would be found that the effects were not
dispropoitioncd. The Bank of the United States
was the great incorporated ciedit of the United
States, the great censoiium of the United States,
and consequently any blow which should be made
on it must cause such a derangement of public
affairs, especially if done in the temper in which
this was done. Such a shock upon the mcorpo-
lated wealth of the nation must drive the bank to
seek its own piotection. We were in tne midst of
most extraordinary circumstances, moie extraoi-
dmary than any which have occurred in modern
times. It was only the other day, since the last
adjournment of Congiess,that the country was in
a most unparalleled state of prospeuty, evei ylhiog
abundant, party heats subsiding, everything
joyous, large ciops and high pr ces for them;
when at one moment there came a blow which
instantly reversed the scene, depnvmg the hus-
bandman and the manufacture! of the avails of
their labor; and rousing up all the vindictive pas-
sions of our nature. And all this referable to
the act of the Executive of a republican Govern-
ment. Gentlemen had said that another asent
had been called m to pioducethis íesult, ard that
it was continuing it by the most nefauouo means;
that the Bank of the United States were making
effjits to spread abroad calamity and wo, that
the cries of the people may have an effect on
Congress to compel its rechaiter. That the bank
could not fail to act thus followed as a neces-
sary consequence—a blow aimed at it must cause
it to contiact its muse'es. Bat the true cause laid
deepei. It was the dread and dismay produced
by this blow, struck at high and sacied chartered
rights If anything, it was the reverence for
chartered rights, sucn as shook the Whigs of
England,which produced this state of things, and
he hoped to show that, from the vci y inception of
this ooject, it was a violation of high chartered
lights. What was the first step and foundatipn-
stone of this proceeding' Why, the President of
the United States, upon certain rumors, without
knowing whether true or false, addresses a letter
to the Government directors ol the Bank of the
United States lequirmg them to investigate and
look into the pio^eedmgsof the bank, and expose
them to him; a íequest which the President had
no right to make, and, when made, the directors
had no light to communicate to him, even if he
had the power. The mode of investigation is
pointed out in the bank chatter, and any other
mode pursued is a violation of that charter. The
Piesident supposes the Government directors are
tne agents oí the Government—not of the Gov-
ernment, but of the President. But is this their
office' Are they p'aced there to act differently
fiom the othei directors? The charter provides
for the appointment of twenty five directors; that
establishes their character, and yet gentlemen as-
sume that they aie not dnectors in this sense, but
that tney h ve a higher power, to wit: to repre-
sent the people of the United States, and not only
that, but the President of the United States. Sir,
when the Piesident addiessed these dnectors, he
mistook his iiower and their duty, and violated
the charter cf the United Sta'es Bank But the
Presiden enjoined it upon those gentlemen to act
secielly, ycs>, gci.tlenn.il v.ho weie homogeneous
wit! tne o'her dneotois were invested With secret
poweis, to be exert ised by secret means Could
this sti ike the public mind favorably ' The gen-
tlemen wtie wiorg thus to proceed. But having
got into the bank, and having insinuated them-
selves oy means of executive power behind the
countei, what did they do' By their own show-
ing they prosecuted their investigations as far as
they weie able; end the private accounts of indi-
viduals have been exposed to the public gaze of
the woild by the agency oí these dnectors. When
the charter should be thus violated under the
smction of the Piesident, and by theoffi-ers of the
Government, was it surprising thit public feeling l|
should revolt against the act' And when such I
was their conduct and such their motives, was it i
suiprising that the other directois did not treat ¡
them as they expected ' The directois know, and J.
we know, that the Piesident regarded the institu- |i
Hon as an anomaly, denounced it, and was deter- j|
mined to put it down; and when they found these i
feelings weie to be indulged, they would have A
been worse than idiots to have given their confi I
dence to them. Their highest duty was to the ¡
interest of the Lank and the country, and then the ¡i
stockholdeis; and if they foui d an antagonist in- ,
terest seated at the board with them, were they to
say: Gentlemen, although you are enemies, give
us your assistance, \\ e trust the whole managemer t
of the bank to you Sir, they werenghtto ex lude |¡
them, ana they did exclude them."The gentle- M
man from Vugima [Mr. Rives] had aigued that
the chief executive duty of the President was to ']
look into the mamiei of executing its affairs, and |
that, bv the necessity of the case, the Piesident
could only look through them. But there were
other modes piescriled by the chaiter, which
ought to have been pursued- the chaiter had
pointed out the power and duty of the Secretary,
and the pcwei of the Executive in the inspection
of the accounts of the bank was given with the
utmost caution. Secrecy l  esteemed, to a great
extent, a necessai y pai t of the existence of such a
corpoiation, and in the power given theieisaspe-
cial reservation of the righto of individuals. But
theie was anothei encumstance fully adequate to
produce t'ns shock. lYhm was this investigation
institute I, and when did these rumors reach the
eais of the Pie"ident' flesaysin oneof his enrly
messages, that the only mode of investigation was
by Congress, thiough the medium of a committee,
that committee was appointed and sent to investi-
gate, and what then was the action of the Govern-
ment' There was nothing then like authorizing
the issu'ng of a sene facias. But the purpose of
the Government was not accomplished. Congress
had not done what the Executive wanted, and
when the report of the committee was adopted,
then thi3 new proceeding was instituted. But
there were other circumstances of a still higher
character, which would have produced this shock
upon the public mind. Mr. P. hoped to establish
the fact that not only had the charter been vio-
lated, but all the rights of the Government had
been violated. The Executive had usurped both
the judicial and legislative powei, and was concen-
trating all the power of the Government in his own
hands. Mr. P. put himself upon general posi-
tions. Had the bank failed to discharge its duty '
Had a single cent been lost ? Nothing of the kind
had been alleged. Both as a public and private
agent it had been perfectly honest and faithful. In
the performance of its public functions all would
bear witness to its capacity, fitness, and solvency
as such; and what do the stockholders say ' Sir,
said Mr. P , at the commencement of these pro-
ceedings, when all theseattacks and the disclosures
consequent upon them had been made, the stock
was at 128; his constituents, with an interest in
the institution amounting to five millions, after all
these attacks, held their stock at 28 per cent,
advance. As the instrumant of private gain all
were satisfied with the bank. But all this was not
necessary as legarded the assumption of power
in the Executive. The radical error was that the
Executive had assumed penal powers over the
bank, as though there was no provision in the
charter for this case. Is not this a penal power
which has been exercised ' Look at the action of
the Executive; was it not to punish the bank for
its delinquencies, and delinquencies, too, which, if
proved, are otherwise specially to be proceeded
agimst as provided form the charter' There was
not a cha.se adduced against the bank by any of
the gentlemen, a mode of punishment for which
was not pointed out in the charter; and the last
clause in the charter guaranties a trial by jary in
the courts of law; this trial byjury wasguaran'ied
to the bank in all questions involving the chartered
privileges. Why, then, did the Executive shrink
from the tual byjury, when, in but a little time,
the uuth might be winnowed from falsehood.
Why not now issue a sciie fucias'1 Why concen-
trate ail these sacred powers in the marble palace
of the Executive'
Mr. P. then contended that the connections of
the United States with the bank were exclusively
fiscal m their charactei, to he superintended by
the fiscal agent of the Government, and yet, not-
withstanding this, he is taken up and endowed
with all the powers which are divided among all
the branches of Government. The charter shows
tnat the whole is purely fiscal,and ougtit to be so
considered, but gentlemen contend tor a penal
power m the Secretary to punish at his pleasure.
If this had been the design of Congiess, the
At'orney General, and not toe Secretary, would
have bee"'selected fir tha* purpose But the Sec-
le aiy deserts his own department, and takes the
position of the Attorney General and the courts of
the Um'ed Stttes to pionounce sentence against
the bank. Regarding this as the proceeding of the
Executive, no man is as safe in the country as
before the assump ion of this power. The couits
and the laws aie superseded,and next will be the
jury, and next would be the habeas corpus act,
that glorious palladium of both English and Amer-
ican fieedom, which had recently been so sig-
nally exercised to the lescueof a fiee citizen fiom
another executive assumption of power.
Mi P being here interrupted by a noise in the
gallery, the Vice President oidered them to be
immediately cleared.
Mr POINDEXTER rose and observed that as
the tiespass was very slight, he hoped there might
be a relaxation of the rule for the present, and
made a motion to that effect.
Mr WEBSTER thought no motion necessary,
that the Senate would always be disposed to sus-
tain the President in preserving ordei; but as the
v iclation was very slight, he respectfully «suggested
a lelaxaUon of the rule in this instance.
f
