124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 28,
The VICE PRESIDENT then countermanded
the order, but lemarked that, on the slightest
■violation hereafter, the rule would be strictly en-
forced
Mr PRESTONthen resumed, and proceeded
for a few minutes, when he gave way, and
Mr. POINDEXTER, at three o'clock, made a
motion for adjournment, but gave way to Mr.
WCBSTER, who offered the following resolu-
tion:
Resulted, That the Secretary of the Treasuiy
lay before the Senate the statements, so far as re-
ceived at the present time, of the condition of the
several State banks in which the public money is
deposited.
Mr. WEBSTER, from the Committee of Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the message of the
House of Representatives, received thia morning,
made the following report.
The Committee on Finance, to whom was re-
ferred the resolution •' that the House of Repre-
sentatives do ask aconfeience with the Senate on
the subject-matter of the second amendment to the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses, on the bill
(No 36) entitled ' An act making appropriations
in part for the support of Government for the year
1834," have had the same under consideration,
and now report:
The House requests a conference after the Sen-
ate had adhered to its amendments, to which the
House had previously disagreed. It cannot be
denied that the Senate has a right to refuse such
conference, a case exactly similar having been so
disposed of by the Senate in 1826, as will be seen
by the extracts from its Journals, which are ap-
pended to this report; but the committee think it
equally clear that such is not the usual and ordi-
nary mode of proceeding in cases of this kind. It
is usually esteemed more respectful, and more con-
ducive to that good understanding and harmony
of intercourse between the two Houses, which the
public interest so strongly requires, to accede to
requests for conferences, even after an adhering
vote Such conferences have long been regarded
as the established and approved mode of seeking
to bring about a final concurrence of judgment, in
cases where the two Houses have differed, and the
committee think it unwise either to depart from
the practice altogether, or to abridge it, or decline
to conform to it in cases such as these, in which it
has usually prevailed It should only be,theie-
fore,as the committee think, in instances of a very
peculiar character, that a free conference invited
by the House, should be declined by the Senate
The committee recommend the adoption of the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Senate agree to the confer-
ence proposed by the House of Representatives,
upon the subject matter of the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses, on the said amendment, and that
four managers be chosen to manage the said con-
feience on the part of the Senate.
The Senate Men adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 23, 1834
Vanous private bills were leported for the relief
of individuals, from some of the standing commit-
tees.
Mr HUBBARD, from a select committee, re-
ported the following resolution, which was agreed
to:
Resolved, That the report of the board of officers
relative to the militia, a document from the War
Department, accompanying the President's mes-
sage to Congress at the commencement of the sec-
ond session of the 19th Congrebs, be printed for
the use of the House
THE PENSION LAWS.
The order of the day was then declared to be
the resolution of Mr CHILTON, to appoint a
«¡elect committee to inquire into the expediency of
so extending the general pension law, as to em-
brace within its provisions those persons who were
engaged m the Indian wars, down to the year
1794, and the amendment of it by Mr BOULDIN,
to appoint a committee to inquire into the moral
effects of the pension system upon the commu-
nity, and how far it ought to be abolished or re-
pealed.
Mr. LANE said that, should any apology be
considered necessary for trespassing upon the time
of the House and the patience of its members, in
considering the principles involved in the resolu-
tion, that apology would be found in the impoit-
ance given to the subject by the people whom he
had the honor in part to represent.
For the few patriots, affected by this resolution,
who yet linger among us. there is but one feeling
and but one opinion We entertain a lively and
respectful recollection of their services, and a
strong desire to relieve their wants by a nation's
gratitude.
This being the object of the resolution, it was
expected that it would be permitted to take the
usual couise, unobstructed by amendments, and
unopposed by objections. This we had a right
to anticipate, from respect to the wishes of the
western people, and to the persons sought to be
relieved, if not as a matter of courtesy to the
western delegation.
Such has not been the good fortune of the reso-
lution. On the contrary, it has been resisted at
the threshold An attempt is made, not only to
alter its character entnely,and preventalltnguiri/,
but to dash from the statute-book the pension
laws—from the pension list, the names of all the
wounded and war-worn soldiers of the Revolution,
and to stamp the National Legislature with folly,
and the Republic with ingratitude
All this is sought to be done upon the extraordi-
nary discovery made by the honorable gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Bouldin,] that the practice of
nations to reward individuals for perilous and im-
portant services to the public, is founded in a prin-
ciple immoral, corrupt, and cmrupting.
The honorable gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr Williams,] has urged an objection of a very
different complexion, that the resolution sought
to place the soldieis of the West, for services per-
formed since the Revolution, on an equality with
those of the Revolution, whom we had supposed a
distinct class, more elevated and meritorious than
any others
The gentleman from Rhode Island has urged
other objections, equally extraordinary and infi-
nitely more novel That pensions have been
granted to officers and soldiers of the Revolution,
not as a mark of national gratitude, not as a reward
for eminent services, but m the character of arrear-
ages of pay, upon a close calculation of dollars
and cents, showing the exact difference between
the payments received in a depreciated and a sound
cunency. That if any such war as spoken of by
western gpntlemen ever existed, it was a private,
not a public war That if any claim existed it
was upon individual, not national gratitude That
they had been paid in the acquisition of land for
themselves and children That it was uncertain
whether the white man or the Indian was the
aggressor That it could not be known whether
they fought for defence or private revenge. That
they were not enlisted, drafted, nor regularly entered
into the public service.
The honorable gentleman from South Carolina,
to whom he had heietofore listened with pleasure,
has still graver objections; objections which, if
correct, would render the resolution fearfully dan-
gerous.- He declares all pension laws unequal,
and therefore unjust, that they are calculated to
substitute indolence for industry and enterprise,
that they swell the patronage of the Government,
and tend to demoralize the people, and this at the
expense of the South.
These, Mr Speaker, (continued Mr. Lane,) are
substantially, it Jiot literally, the objections urged
against the original resolution,and in favor of the
amendment. That they proceed from opinions
honestly entertained,! have no doubt, I will go fur-
ther, and concede the point, that if any portion of
these objections be well taken, the resolution ought
not to pass On the contrary, if met and answered,
a large majority may be expected to support it.
For that purpose, (said Mr. Lane,) I throw
myself upon the indulgence of this House, and
respectfully request the kind attention of its mem-
bers while I briefly examine the several objections
Those who asserted the corrupting tendency of
the pension system upon the individual pensioners
he first considered. That such was the effect will
not be admitted by those who consider that these
pensioners are from seventy to ninety years of age
before the aid of the Government is extended to
them. Are such men to be corrupted by a com-
fortable provision in their declining ycais ? Are
their habits to be demoralized by receiving a mer-
ited reward for their services? Such men are too
old to learn new vice=t, even if they were as morally
degraded as the gentleman's objection seems to
im] ly But this implication is inapplicable and
unjust. The high character of the gieat body of
those proposed to be relieved renders it unneces-
sary to answer the objection. The eminent ser-
vices of their earlier years, and the old age, given
only to good habits, are certain safeguards against
corruption, even if such an effect was seriously
apprehended.
The same answer (continued Mr L ) may be
given to the charge that the pension system tends
to substitute indolence for industry and enterprise,
and to make pensioners a burden on society.
What energy or enterprise can be expected from
men of eighty ?   What indolence fosteied '
Is energy checked and indolence nourished by
rewarding services which required the highest de-
gree of active exertions' Will the provision for
their declining years render them a burden to so-
ciety ? Without it many might, indeed, be thrown
upon the chanty of the community, and be forced
to the wretched necessity of begging alms from
door to door. It is the usage of all nations to re-
ward those who peril their lives in the service of
their country, either by civil honors or pecuniary
compensations. Yet he would not rest wholly on
precedent and practice, which are often at variance
with correct principles of action The wars of
other nations are generally caused by the passions
or interests of those who have the direction of the
Government. 1 he caprice of a single ruler has
been too often the cause of national ruin The
people might well object to pensioning the hirelings
who had been the willing tools of such a ruler. But
our wars have been of a very diffeient character
They have been deemed neeetsaiy by the people
either to acquire their independence or to secure its
enjoyment. The people themselves dictate the
war, and come forward to can y it on. The services
were performed for the public, and have a far higher
value because they secure far more important
rights than the military services in any other coun-
try. Petty rivahy, ambition of conquest, the de-
sire to set up or pull down a particular dynasty,
or motives still more paltry, are the usual causes
of ordinary wars But with us our liberties, our
republican existence, or sheer self defence, are the
only sufficient causes of war. To the public the
service has been rendered, and by the public it
should be rewarded. The same good faith of moral
obligation binds the Government and the individ-
ual—if service is done to repay; if a benefit is se-
cured or obtained, to be grateful to him whose
exertions have effected it. The same principle is
binding on all. The only proper difference of opin-
ion is as to the manner in which it shall be applied.
Fortunately the laws already made furnish a
plain and excellent rule to direct us in the applica-
tion The invalid pensioners are provided for in
the first instance, and the compensation given pro-
portioned to the amount of disability To others
who served during the same period, until old age
had disabled them frpm supplying their own wants,
and then it is that the debt owed by the public may
be paid with benefit to the yeteran survivors and
with honor to the Government.
This (Mi. L. said) he believed to be the true ,
principle of our pension system By accident or
design the several laws made and proposed to be
made, fixed forty years as the time which should
elapse after the service was performed before the
pension was granted.
This principle was applicable alike to the soldiers
of the West and the soldiers of the Revolution In
a few months it will be forty years since the last
services were performed for which compensation is
claimed by this resolution. And I hope it will be
as cheerfully granted. As to the objection that
revolutionary pensions are granted as arrearages
of pay—as difference between payments made in
a depreciated and a sound currency, a moment's
consideration proves its utter inapplicability.
By the law, those who served two years are on
a par with those who served seven, and receive
equal amounts. The man who dies before the
pension law passes receives nothing     He who
