1884.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
125
dies in one year, receives one tenth as much aahe
who lives ten years.
The nice calculations of the gentleman from
Rhode Island would show that the compensation
should be equal to all; for surely, the dying a few
days eailieror later cannotalter the so-much-talked-
of difference between a depreciated and a sound
currency. It is obvious that the fancied rule of
'the gentleman has no application. The true prin-
ciple unquestionably is that which has been stated.
The same principle runs throughout all our pen-
sion laws, and applies to invalid pensioners, and
to those whom age has disabled from exertion.
The provision is proportioned, in every class of
pensioners, to his inability to supply his wants.
When forty years have elapsed, Government
kindly steps in to supply the place of those ener-
gies which were exerted and exhausted in its
service. The time has now come to apply this
principle to those who fought in the Indian wars,
previous to the treaty of Grenville, in 1794.
But gentlemen say that we exhaust the Treas-
ury, that we tax the South to sustain the pension-
ers. The number of revolutionary pensioners is
at the highest 35,000. One half of these in ten
years will be no more; three fourths in fifteen
years; and in twenty years all will probably have
died.
Those now claiming will not amount to more
than fifteen hundred, and their number will rap-
idly diminish. The whole amount of expend-
iture for pensions will be increased, during the
first year after the proposed law passes; but will
thenceforward rapidly decline, and before the
period shall arrive for applying the same princi-
ple to the soldiers of the last war, the pension
list will contain the names of no revolutionary
pensioners.
It has been said, [by Mr. Burges] continued
Mr. L., that these Indian wars were private, not
public. I must confess my inability to compre-
hend this distinction. If regular lines, constant
hostilities, alternate defeats and successes, large
numbers killed and great advantages secured by
a definitive treaty of peace, be distinctive marks
of public war, these were public. Will the gen-
tleman say that the campaigns of Harmar, St.
Clair, and Wayne, were the incursions of a pri-
vate war ?
Mr. L. said he had listened with great regret to
the remarks made by the honorable gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Hardin] as to the conduct
of General St. Clair, at Ticonderoga, and in his
western campaign. The misapprehension of his
character and conduct was so general that he
begged to place it before the public.
On no man has the ingratitude of his country
fallen so heavily and so unjustly. The Revolution
found him wealthy, and with every prospect of
advancement that his aristocratic connexions and
individual abilities could present.
He embraced the cause of his country, cast off
the ties which, bound him to his mother country,
and placed his property and himself at the dis-
posal of the new Government. Throughout the
Revolution, distinguished for his abilities, but still
more for the chivalric purity of his character, he
was the intimate friend of Washington, and his
house was the home of Lafayette. As President
of Congress, as Governor of the Western Terri-
tory, with powera and responsibilities almost un-
limited, lie was still the same chivalric and capable
officer. Well may it be said of him, that his mis-
fortunes were his only faults—them alone it is
necessary to explain, and heavy is the debt that
public opinion owes to his memory.
The evacuation of Ticonderoga was wakened
into a fault by the subsequent defeat at the West_.
In the long interval he had received the strongest
proofs of public confidence. It is true that the
evacuation of the work was condemned in the gen-
eral opinion. The public aré too ready to impute
calamities to the malconduct of mdividusls, when
in truth the cause is found in their failure to fur-
nish the proper means.
The defence of Ticonderoga was impossible
with the force under General St. Clan'. The
evacuation saved the garrison, and enabled them
to join the mam army, and thereby secured the
sunender of Burgoyne. Mr. Lane then read the
following extracts—(Wilkinson's Memoirs, p.
199:)
Extract from a letter dated Mape's Creek, July
28, 1777:                            ,                                      '
" Believe me, sir, if virtue or justice have exist-
' ence, the man (General St. Clair) who stands
' condemned for retreating from Ticonderoga will
' ere long be thanked fpr the salvation of 3,000 men,
' who, instead of being in captivity are now opposing
'the enemy."
Again, page 216, General Wilkinson says:
" I shall ever believe that General St. Clair, hy
1 the abandonment of Ticonderoga, laid the founda-
' ñon of our good fortune in the convention at Sara-
'toga."
The court-martial which inquired into the con-
duct of General St. Clair, and of which Major
General Lincoln was president, found as follows:
" That havir<g duly considered the charges pre-
' ferred against Major General St. Clair, (in refer-
' ence to the evacuation of Ticonderoga,) and the
' evidence, are unanimously of opinion that he is
' not guilty of either or any of them, and do unani-
' mouslv acquit him of all and every of them with
' the HIGHEST HONOR.
" B. LINCOLN, President,
and Major General."
Mr. Lane read extracts from Marshall's Life
of Washington, corroborating the correctness of
General St. Clair's conduct, and giving the rea-
sons for the act, showing that it was unavoidable,
was done with the approbation of a council ot
war, and was productive of the happiest conse-
quences.
Mr. Lane quoted extracts to the same effect
from Ramsay's History: " Subsequent events
' clearly proved the loisdom and propriety of the re-
' treat from Ticonderoga."—Vol. 2, p. 35.
Mr. L. remarked that all concurrent testimony
clearly showed that this was an act characterized
by General St. Clair's usual sagacity, and one
which entitled him to gratitude, not censure.
The other misfortune which has blighted a long
life of useful and eminent service, and withered in
the public estimation a reputation more nearly
allied in purity, ability, and common achieve-
ments with those of Washington and Lafayette,
than that of any other man, has been equally mis-
represented, equally misunderstood. Mr. L.said
he would not detain the House by an examination
of the circumstances connected with St. Clair's
defeat. It need only be remembered that he was
stricken in years; that public opinion inconsider-
ately and most unjustly decided against him; that
the then Secretary of War, to whose misconduct
the defeat was mainly owing, endeavored to cast
the whole blame on General St. Clair. The ex-
amination was made by a committee of this House,
and at its head was Giles, one of Virginia's most
distinguished sons. After a full and careful in-
vestigation, that committee made the report which
I hold in my hand. The Secretary of War, on
whom the blame was by this report justly thrown,
obtained a reexamination, the result of which was
alike complimentary to General St. Clair, and con-
demnatory of himself.
Mr. Lane then read the following extract from the
report of a committee made on the 8th of May,
1792, on the causes of failure of the expedition
under Major General St. Clair:
"From the foregoing state of facts the commit-
' tee suggest the following as the principal causes,
' in their opinion, of the failure of the late expedi-
' tion under Major General St. Clair:
"The delay m furnishing the materials and es-
' timates for, and in passing the act for the protec-
1 tion of the frontiers; the time after the passingof
' which was hardly sufficient to complete and dis-
' cipline an army for such an expedition during
' summer months of the same year.
" The delays consequent upon the gross and va-
' lious mismanagements and neglects in the quar-
< termaster's and contractor's departments; the
1 lateness of the season at which the expedition
'was undertaken, the green forage having been
' previously destroyed by the frost, so thata suffi-
'ciency of subsistence for the horses necessary for
' the army could not be procured.
" The want of discipline and experience in the
' troops.
"The committee conceive it but justice to the
'commander-in-chief to say that, in their opinion,
'the failure of the late expedition can, in no re-
' spect, be imputed to his conduct, either at any
' time before or during the action; but that as hia
' conduct in all the preparatory arrangements was
' marked with peculiar ability and zeal, so his con-
' duct during the action furnished strong testimo-
' nies of his coolness and intrepidity.
" The committee suggest as reasons for leaving
1 the numbers of troops, at particular periods, and
' the dates of some facts blank, the want of suffi-
' cient time to complete the report with minuteness,
' and in some instances the want of a necessary
' evidence."
" 7th November, 1792.—Committed to a Cora-
' mittee of the Whole House on Wednesday next.
' 14th November, 1792.—Committee of the Whole
' House discharged, and report recommitted to a
' select committee. 15th February, 1793.—Amend-
' atory report made, stronger in its character and
' more highly complimentary to General St.Clair.''
The history of General St. Clair is a humil-
iating lesson of injustice and ingratitude. One of
the ablest and best of all our public men—his ser-
vices important and long-continued, his charactet
above suspicion, his fortune and his life spent in
the public service, and all this could only procure
him contemptuous disregard of just claims while
he lived, and the mockery of scorn after a death in
indigence and sorrow had relieved him from the
weight of a nation's ingratitude.
Mr. L. said he was su're that the honorable
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Hardin] was not
aware of these facts. He felt sure that had that
gentleman known, as he knew, the descendants
of that distinguished man, respect for them would
have prevented him from wounding his memory.
General St. Clair, unfortunate in all things else,
has the rare merit of being truly represented in
integrity and ability by his posterity. To them
this country owes a heavy debt of reparation.
But there is in my eye. an honorable gentleman
[Mr. Denny, of Pennsylvania] who can, far
better than myself, tell the tale of injustice and
ingratitude.
Mr. L. then proceeded to answer the objection
that the law proposed, and pension laws generally,
conferred benefits on the worthless. This, he
said, was an abuse in the administration of the
public bounty, and required to be vigilantly guarded
against. But the perjury of a few imposters should
not be allowed to militate against the legitimacy
of the provision. It should not be allowed to de-
prive the really deserving of the recompense to
which they are fairly entitled. Such an argument
will apply to every possible law. Yet surely the
fear of abuse is not a sufficient argument against
an equitable law.
[Mr. L. was obliged here to break off abruptly,
to observe the order of the day.]
REMOVAL OF THE DEPOSITES.
The House resumed the consideration of the
motion to refer the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury on the deposites to the Committee of
Waysand Means, the question being on the amend-
ment submitted by Mr. Jones, as an amendment
to that previously submitted by Mr. McDuffie,.
viz: to add to the motion for reference the follow-
ing instructions to that committee: "Inquire into
' the expediency of depositing the revenue hereafter
' collected in the State banks, in the different
' States where the same is collected, in proportion
' te their respective capitals paid in, and to pre-
' scribe the terms on which the same shall be de-
' posited; and to report by bill or otherwise."
Mr. HUNTINGTON having the floor from the
previous day, rose and called for the reading of
the two resolutions submitted to the House. After
which, he said that no question of more thrilling
interest had been brought before them since the
adoption of the Constitution. It was not so much
a matter of local importance, or of some thousand
dollars, but one in which the interests of the whole
country were embraced; which affected the value
and security of all property, of all labor, and the
currency of the country so much, that that person
who supposed that the recent measures could pasa
off without injury, must, in his opinion, prove
himself the smallest of all politicians. He, there-
fore, was glad that the resolution submitted by the
member from South Carolina [Mr. McDuffie]
had been presented in a form by which the subject
in all its bearings could have a full discussion; a
