1834.                                 THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                  139
power of the President to remove each executive
officer under his control, was unqualified and
unrestricted.
[Mi  G here read an extract from Mr. Madi-
son's opinion.]
The Constitution says that the executive power
shall be vested in one individual, and if Mr. Madi-
son's opinion was to be legarded, what inference
was to be drawn fiom it? Whenever there is a
difference of opinion in the President and the sub-
oidinate, the latter should yield his opinions or
qii.it hi3 station. He considered it settled by the
Constitution, the first Congress, and by the prac-
tice of forty years that the power exists in the
President, and he is the only person responsible
to public opinion Cut thegentleman fiom Maine
[Mr Sprague] said, suppose it should turn out
that the President ordered a thing to be done, and
the officer was of opm.on that he could not per-
form it, what then was to be done' He (Mr. G )
would say, let him res'gn and go home, if he could
not conform to the opinions of those who had au-
thonty to command him. He had anotherremark
to make. It was trueCongresscreated offices, and
the Pi esident and Senate appoint the officers. But
did it therefore follow that the officer belonged to
Congiess5 Wo The Constitution ranges him
into his appropriate department. If it be the judi-
ciary, no one has aright to mterfeiewith its duties
or lights. But it is not so with the Comptrollers
or Auditors; theirs are ministerial, not executive
duties But let us see to what branch of Govein-
menttheSecretaiy of the Treasury belongs. What
are his duties? To superintend the collection of
the revenue, together with several othei duties.
And are they not ministerial> Sir, they are every
one ministerial. And if they are of this descrip-
tion they belong to the executive department, and
you cannot change them We p-escribe the du-
ties of all officers,and when that is done our poweis
are at an end. We cannot cany a s.ngle law into
effect, because that duty is assigned to another
When the lav/ is made we have done all we can
do. We can repeal, alter, change, or modify i',
but the execution of the law belongs to the Chief
Magistrate, and we hive no pov.ej ovei it TI e
great argument is diawn fiom the sixteenth section .
of tne bank chaitet, that although the Sec etary
may remove the deposites he must give his rea
sons to Congress foi so doing Now, the argu-
ment from this is, that the responsibility is not
upon the President but upon the Secretaiy, who
is under our control. The great error hes in this
View of the case You mayiequne of every officer
in every Department to give statements, and the.r
reasons foi an act Suppose you should lequire
of the distuct judge of the District of Columbia,
the number of causes decided in hib couit in a
given time, would that, make him execute? You
get your information and act upon if, and still you
cannot touch that independe ,t branca of the Gov-
ernment except to require mforn ¡nion And so
when you reqnre of th  Secrttny to lepojt, it is
to give y un tl e foundation on which to make legal
provision, but t'113 does not show that the Secie-
taiy was acting under ^our control 111 tms depart-
ment.
"llivn g shown that the collection of the moneys
of the U lited States ¡s confided to the D^iaU
ment wl ich is bound to see that the laws are faith-
fully executeJ, Mi G proceeded to show, fiom
historical documentaiy evidence, the pincuce of
the Gove'iitnent from the ongin to the present
d ty Gentlemen need feel no alaim about these
tin i,'3 Their ances'ors saw the «ame things
peifo med 1 efne, ird never then thought them
vioht ons of the Constitution Tne fir&t impost
lm ,. parsed in 3781, and the TieisuiyDe-
pai ment was then foimeJ, and he begged gentle-
men to obse ve that by it the Secietaiy could not
touch * snüle lUlai ol tie puolicmenev It was
not s) in 17c?9, when it wjs contended that the
collection it the rcenue devolved on the execu-
tive depntment lie refcired to the fii_st letter
ever written on the subject by General Hamilton
to the collectors in Gcoigia and Sjvtnnih, re-
quiting 'he money collected to be sent to Mr
llcibeishati
Mi  GIlUNDi here obseivcd tl it he could.1 ot
conc'ude to ti iv , pr J,
On mi Hon of \li   BROWN,
I lit -■ ilute aJjOti.ncd
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 30, 1834.
Mr. MARSHALL, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, reported a bill providing
for the settlement of certain revolutionary claims,
which was twice read.
Mr. MARSHALL stated that the object of this
bill was to refer all claims for commutation
and other similar claims to the Secretary of the
Treasury for settlement, and the committee had
suspended its action upon these claims until this
bill should be decided upon. The committee
hoped the House would give it an early consid.
eration, and he moved its reference to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Agieed to.
Mr. EVERETT, of Vermont, was directed, he
said, by the Committee on Indian Affairs, to call
up for consideration the following resolution, re-
ported from the Committee on Indian Affairs on
the 28th instant:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War, be directed
to lay befoie this House a statement of the
present and future liabilities of the United States
to Indians and Indian tribes, undei existing Indian
treaties, exhibiting, in a tabular form, the dates of
the treaties, the names of the tribes parties there-
to, the several sums and annuities, designating
whether in money or goods, stipulated to be paid
or delivered; the term of payment or delivery,
the place where to be paid or delivered, and the
specific services and specific articles stipulated to
be peiformed for and deliveied to them, the terms
thereof, the place where to be performed or deliv-
ered, with an estimate of the expense of the per-
foi manee of such stipulations, and the stipuliuons
fjr removing Indians from the S'a'es, with an
estimate of the number ot Indians to be removed,
and of the exoenses of thetr removal.
The motion bemg objected to, Mr. EVERETT
moved a suspension of the rule, to enaole him to
call up the resolution
The question having been put, it was found
that a qaoium had not voted
Mi IjVEHETT asked the yeas and nays on
the question, and they were ordered.
Tne question being then taken on the motion
to suspend the rule, it was decided in the afirma-
Uve.
I     Ayes 144, noes C9.
I     The resolution was then taken up for considera
tion and adopted.
THE  PENSION LAWS.
The order of the day was then declared to be
the resolution of Mr. CHILTON, to appoint a
select committee to 1 lquire into the expediency of
so extending the general pension law as to embrace
within its piovisions those persons who were en
gaged in the Indian wars, down to the year 1791,
and the amendment of it, by Mi BOULDIN, to
appo.nt a committee to inquire into the moral
effects of the pension system upon the community,
and how far it ought to be abolished or repealed.
Mr HANNEuAN addressed the House in
favor of the mot.on of Mi. Cii.lton, and in op-
position to the amendment of Mr Boulein, until
the equation cf the hour
[Some  of the  dates m Mr   H'.\\í.o\n's re-
' maiks,as> iep)rted,aie inconect,and they cannot
be conecttd in time for this paper.    His íemarks
are, theretore, wholly excludel ]
REMOVAL OF THE DEPOSITES.
The ordei of the dav was declared to be the dis-
cussion of the question concerning the removal^of
the deposits, but it being und istood that Mr
ARCIILR, v ho had the fnoi , was too ind.spo-ed
to proceed, 1 mofon of adjourning that debate was
almost unanimously adopted
Mi POLK then moved that the House concur
111 the appioprntion bill, as leported by the com-
mittee of conference of both Houses, and pureed
to by a Coram ttee of the Whole on the state of
the U non which (ift r a short debate on a ques-
tion of ordei) was made the order of the day.
Mi HUBBARD sa.d that some objections
having be n taken apamst the b 11, as compromised
by the co Terence of both Houses, on account of
a vaua ion mving been made from tne 01 igual
bi I, hv. had nade sptual íesearchcs on the sub-
ject, that lie might ascertain how far the House
could act on a bill thus altered; and he had found
two cases in point, both of which occurred in 1816.
The first was on an action for a bill authorizing a
convention to legulate the commerce between the
United States and his Britannic Majesty. An ob-
jection had been made to the insertion of the word
declare in the bill as originally drafted; and this
produced a colhsion between the two Houses,
which resulted in a conference. At ttys confer-
ence amendments were introduced, not to be found
in the original bill. Again, in the same year, a
bill was drafted, appropiiatmg a compensation to
the Secretary of the Senate and the Clerk of the
House. The objections to this also produced a
conference, which resulted in amendments altering
the original appearance of the bill. As he there-
foie saw no point of disagreement between the
Dractice of Congress in the two instances adduced,
and that now before the House, the report of the
committee of conference should have his sup-
poit.
Mi.WAYNE, of Georgia, spoke chiefly as to a
question of order. The bill had been sent from
thp Senate with amendments; it was returned with
a motion of disagreement, it went back in the
House with a message of adherence by the Senate
in their amendment, and then the House refused
a motion to recede, and granted one to confer.
Now, Mt.Wayne considers that thepapere (bills)
should invariably accompany each motion made,
and that when not so, the action was not according
to pailtamentary usage. When the Clerk of the
House carried the ¡esolution to the Senate asking
the conference, he should have carried also the bill
on which the motion had been made to the Senate;
and with the Senate should it have remimed till
a definite action was had on it. Instead of this
course, the papers had not been sent to the Senate,
I ut had been brought by the committee fiom the
House to the conference and brought back again.
This he considered nrelevant to paihamentary
order, for which he is a decided stickler, and he
considei ed that th e bill was not strictly in the pos-
se&sion of the House—'heiefore that no acuon
could now be had on the compromised bill as
reported by the committee To prove this view of
the matter, he quoted the rules of order, as given
in Jefferson's L°gialaUve Manual A confeience
he considered to be two-fold in its object, as a
simple and a free conference. When simple, the
attention of a conference was limited to objections
stated in writing, but when free, the objections
were not submit'ed in writing, and the conference
was entitled to act as far as parliamentary usage
permitted This, Mr W considers, has not been
dine, and that the conferees have exceeded their
authority m making amendments to theongmai
bill Such an alteration is particularly oljtction-
able, because the pov/er of" the House is limited
with legard to agreement 01 disagreement on it,
as they must either reject or adopt the bill %a toio
But if the Ilou^e had been restrained 111 making
any amenlment to the bill as first returned from
the Senate, or at any future procedure, surely the
committee appointed by the House will be equally
restrained, unless, indeed, the committee has
greater powei than the House itself. With regard
to such anendments, the two instances quoted by
the gentleman from New Hampshire do not form
a prac'i<-e calculated to snpeiserle all the rules and
precedents previously established
But, again, the alteration contains an appropria-
tion which is at vanarce With the powers entrusted
to the conferees—to which he though'they had no
right to assent in any compromise The addition
of five thousand dollars to the library of Congress,
to dilfeient fiom the general appropriations made
I y the bill To tint, he could not assent, and he
rejrettel that he must therefore vote for the íejec-
tion of the bill as a wl ole, because he cannot alter
it in pari—the House having no powei to modify
a bill so reported by a committee of confeience,
and -dofited byaCommHteeof the Whole House.
He then leferreJ to a transaction of the Senate of
the 24 h of May, 1796, and to the 188th page of
the Minimi, to prove that a reportof a committee
of corference carnot be modified asaieport of
u'ny oth i committee.
Mr CL \"i TON was oppobed to cincur in the
igiecmc.it, lit, en account cf the bad mode of
legislation,which would be sanctioned byaconcur-
