THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED   AND   PUBLISHED   AT   THE   CITY   OF   WASHINGTON,    BY   BLAIR   &   RIVES.
23d Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1834.
Vol.1.....]No  10.
SPEECH OF MR   IIANNEGAN,
OF   INDIANA,
Ik the House of Representatives,
Janum y 30, 1834,
On the resolution of Mr   Chilton, to appoint a
Select Committee to inquire into the expedi-
ency of so extending the general pension law as
to embiace within its prov sions those persons
who were engaged in the Indian wars down to
the year 1794, and the amendment of it by Mr
Bouldin, to appoint a committee to inquire
into the moral effects of the pension system upon
the community, and how far it ought to be abol-
ished or repealed
Mr. HANNEGAN said he did not wish to in-
trude upon the time of the House, but the present
question was one in which he felt a more than or-
dinary anxiety,arising not alone from thefactthat
some few of those who would be benefitted by the
resolution under consideration were his immediate
constituents, but he had a higher interest, an mter-
estspringmg ¡rom another and a broader source—a
wish to see some slight public recognition, some
token of national giatitude to those who in youth
and vigorous manhood had devoted themselves
exclusively to the service of the country.
In the fulfillment of this obligation, he wasnot,
like the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Pinckney,] deterred by constitutional scruples.
Those who framed the Constitution, it would seem,
liad not such scruples, for the pension system was
established at least as far back as 1789, and he
(Mr H ) was willing to take for his text on all con-!
etitutional questions, the acts and the opinions of
qhose who fiamed themstiument. Itwouldseem, I
too, that South Carolina herself did not formeily
regard it as unconstitutional, for by a reference to
the journals it will be found that in the year 1804
her pensioners were placed upon the roll of the
United States, without any apparent objection on
her part.
It was not, however, to argue the constitution-
• ality of the matter that he had risen. His main
object was, by a brief review of the history of the
times, to sho>v that the honorable gentleman from
Rhode Island [Mr Burges] had, he would not
say wilfully, misrepresented, but that he must have
forgotten the real facts, when he spoke of these
wars as " mere petty feuds, predatory excursions,
wa<*ed by way of retaliation for purposes of rob-
bery and plundei " He (Mr H ) estimated the
years, the character, and the standing of that gen-
tleman too highly to suppose for a moment that he
would wilfully and unjustly defame the acts, and
the reputation of any, far less those of the time-
worn soldier and patuot, who in defence of his
lounti y had stained her soil wuh his blood. Un-
willing to believe such things of that honorable
rentleman, he was bound to presume that he had
forgotten. The version given to the House by the
honorable member would be found to be widely
different from what he (Mr. H ) had learned alike
from history and tradition
Of tradition, however, he would not speak, but
refer alone to history to sustain his remarks
The honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr Denny,] both the honorable members from
Tennessee, [Messrs DicKiNsoNand Peyton,] had
stated to the House the atrocious charactei oí this
war on the part of the savages throughout the
revoluüonai y struggle At that period it had i aged
in the most horrid manner, and if the honorable
gentleman from Rhode Island was still not satisfied
of the fact, he would refer him for confirmation of
the fact, and also for the character of the war, to
Marshall's Life of Washington, representing in
the year 1778, that whilst various "diplomatic
concerns employed the American Cabinet, and
whilst the war seemed to languish on the Atlantic,
it ra ed to the West m its most savage form
Would this appeal to speak simply of some petty
feud ?   He thought not
But, said Mi. H , as the honorable gentleman
from Rhode Island has disavowed all knowleoge
10
of the existence of such a war as had been spoken
of by the honorable gentleman from Tennessee,
fMr. Dickinson,] he would ask the honorable gen-
tleman from Rhode Island if there could be found
any general treaty of peace, or suspension of the
struggle wuh hostile Indians at the conclusion of
the struggle with Great Biitam' That gentleman
could not. Upon the contrary, although various
treaties had been occasionally foi med with separate
tribes at Port Stanwix, Fort Mcintosh, at Hope-
well on the Keo wee, and at the mouth of the Great
Miami of the Ohio, they had proved entirely inef-
fectual. In pursuance of all these, however, a new
treaty had been made at Fort Harmar in the year
1789, with numerous tribes, and almost the same
stipulations adopted that had been agreed upon at
the four places just named .
At this last treaty, (said Mr H ,) the Wabash
and Miami Indians, though specially urged, had i e-
fused to attend They were bent upon war alone
But, sir, to show how far this last treaty accom-
plished its object, it is only necessary to refer to a
communication made to Congress by General
Washington, in the year 1790, in which he in-
formed that body that he had been compelled to
call out the militia in the western country in aid of
the regular troops against the increasing depreda-
tions of the savage enemy. This force was com
posed of one thousand men from Virginia and
Kentucky, and five hundred from four counties in
Western Pennsylvania.
Sir, (said Mr H ,) the pay could rot have been
the object with these men. What was it' Con-
trast it with the pay that has been given in later
times It was &S2 per month to a lieutenant, $5
per month to a sergeant, $3 per month to a private
And they weie to leceive this only in time of ac-
tual service, when required by imminent peril
Mr. H. said he believed he used the veiy words
of the instructions given to the commanding gene-
ral. The documents were within the reach of the
House, showing that up to the period just men-
tioned, savage outrages had increased with even
greater violence, and the whole frontier was stained
with a repetition of the most shocking barbarities
Shortly after these men were raised, the melan-
choly campaigns of Harmar andSt Clair followed
in quick succession. They surely did not head
mere predatory bands, they were each followed
by a strong and organized force, at the direction
and under the auspices of the Government The
bare recollection of the names of those who fell on
these fields, would certainly destroy any impres-
sion as to the character of the war that might have
been produced on a portion of the House by the
íemarks of the honoiable gentleman from Rhode
Island. For years after their loss had been de-
plored as a public calamity all over the Union.
Tne Father of Ins Country, on íeceivmg the news
of St Clair's defeat, was represented to have s' ed
tears, bitter and scalding they must have been,
for numbered with the dead was many a revolu-
tionary comrade
Sir, (said Mr H ,) I concur with the honorable
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr Denny] in his
remarks upon the conduct of General Arthur St.
Clair Injustice has been done his memory, not-
withstanding a complete vindication at the hands
of those who best knew, and whose province it
was to judge of the facts. He was sorry that the
honoiable gentleman from Kentucky [Mr Har-
din] had,m the course of his remarks on a former
day, joined in the censuie of that man whom he
considered amongst the most mentoiious this
country had ever produced. His disasteis in that
campaign were caused entnely by circumstances
beyond control Their introduction, however, at
this time, he (Mr H ) considered as unnecessaiy,
perhaps unbecoming the piesent discussion He
hoped, however, that history would finally do jus-
tice to the memory of this gallantsoldierand accom-
plished gentleman ,whos,e name stood so intimately
blended with some of oui proudest national recol-
lections
But (said Mr. H ) to return to the subject    In
September, 1791, a report from the Secretary of
War, to which he had before alluded, would be
found to contain, amongst many other statements,
a representation that a "strong coercive force"
would be required to carry into effect the object
then contemplated by the campaign. And the
same report clear'y explained the principles of
justice and of policy which dictated a most vigor-
ous prosecution of this war
It was not for success against the Indians alone
that we were contending. Would the honorable
gentleman from Rhode Island, [Mr Burgfs,] or
any other gentleman on that floor, hazard an as-
sertion to the contrary > They could not; for an
object which all must admit to have been of the
highest importance was still fui ther to be attained.
It was the possession and subjugation of the Brit-
ish posts on Lake Michigan, and of Niagara and
Detroit, withheld from us contrary to the treaty
with Great Britain From these posts the hostile
Indians were constantly furnished with arms and
munitions, and excited to continue their career of
indiscriminate butchery and massacre to such an
extent that the frontiers were made desolate from
Georgia to Canada.
From this state of things the country had been
redeemed by the successful engagement of General
Anthony Wayne, with trie combined Indian force
and a large auxiliary body of Canadian volun-
teers, on the 20th of August, 1794 Yes, a body
of Canadian volunteers, diawn from around the
British post of Detroit, and encouraged by Colonel
McKee, the Bntish agent at that place, together
with Captain Elliott, and others of the British
army, who were actually in view amongst the In-
dians at the commencement of the engagement,
which was fought within sight of a British post
and garrison.
But, said Mr H , still further to show how little
this war deserves the unkind description given of
it by the honorable gentleman from Rhode Island,
[Mr. Burges,] let any gentleman look at the re-
port of General Wayne shortly after taking com-
matid of the Army, then composed of 2600 regular
officers and soldiers, and 360 mounted volunteers
from Kentucky, under the command of General
Charles Scott. This force he reported at the
time as utterly inadequate to the difficulties of the
enterprise, and the formidable enemy against
whom he was to act To supply the requisite
force, a draft of the militia was deemed indispen-
sable. This officer had, as was known to all, suc-
ceeded in the end, and the treaty of Grenville,
made on the 3d day of August, in the year 1795,
had constituted the basis of all subsequent trea-
ties held with the Indians northwest of the Ohio
river, and it was the first and only sincere peace
made by them with this Republic, having, he (Mr.
II.) believed, remained unbroken until within a
short period anterior to the late war with Great
Britain
Thioughout the whole of this war it would be
found, upon examination, that instructions had
been uniformly given by the Department to the
commanding general to procuie by all means the
services of some influential and intelligent gentle-
men resident in the West. A Logan, a Shelby,
a Hardm, or a Spencer, were uniformly found
with their lutle bands aiound them, opening the
way, and directing the march of the advancmg
army To the temporizing policy of the Govern-
ment the valuable life of Colonel John Hardm
had been finally sacrificed, he having, at the re-
quest of the Government, undertaken a mission to
the Wabash and Miami Indians, accompanied
only by an interpreter, for the purpose, if possible,
of effecting a reconciliation Shortly after entering
their country he was seized, as a'prisoner, and,
regardless of the character in which he came, he
was burnt at the btake with every encumstance
of savage cruelty.
Are the survivors of these men, when nowask-
írg for some Uttle pecuniary aid to cheer their
declining existence, to be tieated only with con-
tumely   After having served for years, armed at
