1834.                                THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                   151
The gentleman from Massachusetts has been
pleased to state the reasons which would influence
him; they had been repeated by the gentleman from
Kentucky. He verily believes that thecommittee
did not merit the reflection thus, in his view, cast
upon them.
The subject properly and legitimately comes
within the jurisdiction of the Committee of Ways
and Means. It belonged to them, and properly to
no other committee. It was most intimately con-
nected with, and had relation to, the public finan-
ces, and thus should follow the disposition of all
similar memorials which had come in before it.
Before resuming his seat he would make a single
remark in reply to what fell from the gentleman
from Kentucky, in relation to some observations
which were made this morning by his friend from
Tennessee. That gentleman did not say that he
purposed to move the previous question, and
thereby to cut short the debate.
He said no such thing. He said what he ought
to have said, the force of which every member
must fee!, and must acknowledge. He said that
this House had been in session nine weeks; that
the question of the bank, in one way or other, had
engaged most of the time and attention of this
House during that whole period; that the com-
plaints were floating on every breeze, coming from
every quarter; that they were long and loud, and
that he would most earnestly appeal to the House
to unite with him in producing speedy and prompt
action upon the subject.
The country demanded it; the time had come
when there should be action—prompt and speedy
action; and to bring this about he most earnestly
entreated the members of the House to hear all
that was to be heard, and then deliberate and de-
cide upon the great matters in controversy. This
was in substance what his friend said, and it was
all that he said; and is there a roan who does not
most heartily respond to these sentiments ? If the
distress be real, the cause should be known and
divulged at once; if it is fictitious or exaggerated,
the imposition should be exposed—if the panic is
got up for political effect its aiders and abettors
should receive public execration.
The sentiment of every man should be, it ought
to be, whatever is to be done, let that be done
quickly.
Mr. S. JONES moved an adjournment, which
he withdrew, as there were loud calls for the ques-
tion to be taken.
Mr. BARRINGER renewed his motion to ad-
journ, which was negatived.
Afterafew brief remarks from Messrs. WILDE,
ARCHER, and SELDEN—
The question on referring the memorial to the
Committee of Ways and Means was put, and de-
cided in the affirmative:
YEAS—Messrs. John Adams, William Allen,
Baylies, Beale, Bean, Beardsley, Beaumont, John
Bell, James Blair, John Blair, Bockee, Bodle,
Boon', Brown, Bunch, Burns, Cambreleng, Carr,
Casey, Chaney, Chinn, S. Clark, Clay, Coffee,
Connor, Cramer, Day, Dickerson, Dunlap, Ewing,
Forester, Fowler, William K. Fuller, Galbraith,
Gillet, Joseph Hall, Thomas H. Hall, Halsey,
Hamer, Joseph M. Harper, Harrison, Hathaway,
Hawkins, Henderson, Howell, Hubbard, Abel
Huntington, Inge, Jarvis, Richard M.Johnson,
Noadiah Johnson, Cave Johnson, Seaborn Jones,
Benjamin Jones, Kavanagh, Kinnard, Lane, Lan-
sin  Laporte, Lawrence, Lea, Lee, Leavitt, Lu-
cas" Lytle, A. Mann, Joel K. Mann, Mardis, Mc-
Inti're, McKay, McKim, McKinley, McVean,
Miller, Mitchell, Muhlenberg, Murphy, Osgood,
Pao-e, Parks, Parker, Patterson, Pearce, Peyton,
Pierce, Pierson, Plummer, Polk, Pope, Ramsay,
Schenck, Schley, Shinn, Charles Slade Smith,
Speight, Standifer, Sutherland, William Taylor,
Fran°cisThomas,Thomson,Turnej-.Turrill, Van-
derpoel,VanHouten,Wagener,Ward,Wardwell,
Wayne, Webster, Whallon, C. P. White—113.
NAYS—Messrs. J. Q.. Adams, Heman Alien,
John J. Allen, Chilton Allan, Archer, Ashley,
Barber, Barnitz, Barringer, Bates, Beatty, James
M. Bell, Binney, Bouldin, Briggs, Bull, Burd,
Cage, Carmichael, Chambers, Chilton, Choate,
Claiborne, William Clark, Clayton, Clowney,
Corwin, Coulter, Crane, Crockett, Darlington,
Warren R. Davis, Amos Davis, Davenport, De-
berry,Deming, Denny, Dennis, Dickson, Duncan,
Evans, Edward Everett, Horace Everett, Felder,
Fillmore, Foot, Foster, Fulton, Gamble, Ghol-
son, Gdmer, Gordon, Gorham, Graham, Gren-
nell, Griffin, Hiland Hall, Hard, Hardin, James
Harper, Hazeltine, Heath, Hiester, Jabez W.
Huntington, William C. Johnson, Kins, Lewis,
Martindale, Marshall, John Y. Mason, McComas,
McKennan, Milligan, Moore, Patton, Potts,
Reed, Rencher, Selden, Augustus H. Shepperd,
William Slade, Sloane, Spangler, Stoddert, Wm.
P. Taylor, Tompkins, Tweedy, Vance, Vinton,
Watmough, Edward D. White, Frederick Whit-
tlesey, Elisha Whittlesey, Wilde, Wilson, Wise,
and Young—97.                                   .
So the memorial was referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means.
And the House, on motion, at six o'clock
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 4, 1834.
The following message from the President of
the United States was received, by Mi-.Donelson,
his Private Secretary:
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
I deem it my duty to communicate to Congress
the recent conduct of the Bank of the United States
in refusing to deliver the books, papers, and funds
in its possession, relating to the execution of the
act of Congress of June 7, 1832, entitled " An act
supplementary to the act for the relief of certain
surviving officers and soldiers of the Revolution."
The correspondence reported by the Secretary of |
War, and herewith transmitted, will show the j
grounds assumed by the bank to justify its refusal
to make the transfer directed by the War Depart-
ment.    It does not profess to claim the privilege of
I this agency as a right secured to it by contract,
I nor as a benefit conferred by the Government, but
I as a burden from which it is willing to be relieved,
i It places its refusal upon the extraordinary ground
i that the corporation has a right to sit in judgment
! upon the legality of the acts of the constituted
! authorities, in a matter in which the stockholders
| are admitted to have no interest; and it impedes
; and defeats, so far as its power will permit, the
execution of a measure of the Administration,
because the opinion of the corporation upon the
construction of an act of Congress differs from
that of the proper officers of the United States.
The claims of this corporation thus to usurp the
functions of the judicial power, and to prescribe to
the executive department the manner in which it
shall execute the trust confided to it by law, is
without example in the history of our country.   If
! the acts of the public servants, who are responsible
to the people for the manner in which they execute
their duty, may thus be checked and controlled by
an irresponsible money corporation, then, indeed,
the whole frame of our Government is changed,
and we have established a power in the Bank of
j the United States above what we derive from the
¡ people.
It will be seen, from the accompanying state-
I ment, (marked A,) that, according to the latest
accounts received at the War Department, the
Bank of the United States and its branches have in
their possession near half a million of the public
money, received by them under the law of 1832,
which they have not yet accounted for, and which
they refuse to pay over to the proper agents for the
use of those persons for whose benefit it was with-
drawn from the Treasury. It is to be regretted
that this attempt on the part of the bank to guide
and direct the Executive upon the construction and
execution of an act of Congress should have been
put forward and insisted on in a case where the
immediate sufferers from their conduct will be the
surviving veterans of the revolutionary war; for
this evil falls exclusively upon the gallant defend-
ers of their country, and delays and embarrasses
the payment of the debt which the gratitude of the
nation has awarded to them, and which, in many
instances, is necessary for their subsistence and
comfort in their declining years.
The character of the claim set up by the bank,
and the interest of the parties to be immediately
| affected by it, make it my duty to submit the whole
I subjecttotheconsideralionofCongress;and.I leave
it to their wisdom to adopt such measures as the
honor of the Government and the just claims of
the individuals injured by the proceedings may be
deemed to require.
Having called for the opinion of the Attorney
General upon this occasion with a view to a
thorough investigation of the question which has
thus been presented for my consideration, I enclose
a copy of the report of that officer, and add my
entire concurrence in the views he has taken.
ANDREW JACKSON.
February 4, 1834.
Mr. CLAY said that we had heard early in this
month, whilst the conduct of the Executive in
seizing ,the public money was under discussion,
and before the decision of Congress was had upon
it, the Executive, not choosing to wait for the
decision of Congress, that he was proceeding to
carry into effect the measures of September last.
We have heard that an attempt was made to take
from the Bank of the United States the agency
committed to itby law, for payment of the Govern-
ment pensioners.   He had not heard it with sur-
prise.   He was surprised at nothing which was
done by the executive branch of the Government.
But he'had looked into the nature of this agency,
and he had found that it was confided to the Bank
of the United States by law, and the Executive
could not touch it but by a palpable usurpation of
power.    He was glad the bank had resisted this
further violation of executive usurpation. Nothing-
was heard on this subject until the call for the
correspondence with the bank in relation to it,
made by the resolution of the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi, was taken up yesterday; and he had not
a doubt that information of it had previously
reached the President's mansion.  There could not
be a doubt of it.   The powers of the bank were
heretofore adverted to in the Albany case.   The
law confided the agency to-the bank, and it was so
acknowledged by the Department of War.   Yes,
sir, it was acknowledged by" that department, by
his retracing his steps.   And now we have a meg-
sage, that because the bank would not yield to the
Executive mandate, Congress is asked to interfere.
He hoped the message would be referred to a com-
mittee, that it may be subjected to a thorough
examination, and a   proper  corrective  applied
where the real violation of law existed. He thought
the Judiciary Committee was the most proper one
to commit the subject to, and he moved its refer-
ence accordingly.
Mr. GRUNDY said that he had not made a
thorough examination of the subject, but he was
of opinion the gentleman from Kentucky was mis-
taken when he supposed the money referred to in  
the Bank of the United States was under the pen-
sion law of 1832, and that the bank was the agent
for its disbursement. He thought the law made
no such provision, but that the Secretary of the
Treasury was to make payment of the money as
he thought best. And by a resolution these pow-
ers were now transferred to the Secretary of War.
But if this was a legal question, as he thought it
was, there was no propriety in pronouncing an
opinion now. The President was of opinion that
the law authorized the transfer, and he applied to
the bank and was refused. And what has the
President done? He has laid the whole subject
before Congress; and it seemed to him he could
not have adopted a better, more correct, or more
decorous course. He concurred in opinion that
the subject ought to be examined by the Judiciary
Committee. The opinion of the highest law offi-
cer had been taken by the Chief Magistrate, who
agreed with him in opinion that the bank had no
right to hold this money. He thought we ought
to postpone the expression of any opinion on the
subject, until the investigation could be had.
Mr. CLAY replied that the investigation must
not be confined merely to the act of 1832, but
should be extended to all the pension laws. He
would have been glad if the gentleman [Mr.
Grundy] had given his counsel to the President.
What was the character of the message? Denun-
ciation. Denunciation of the bank for withholding
the papera given to it in charge, and attributes to
it purposes of usurpation. A nd we are told that the
opinion of the Attorney General had been given
on this subject. But he had ceased to respect the
opinions of the executive officers of the Govern-
