156
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 5,
rescind the order given to the Bank of the United
States, &c , for the payment of pensioners.
Mi. MANN, of New York, called for the pre-
vious question, and the House having seconded
the call—ayes 109, noes not counted—
Mr DENNY demanded the yeas and nays on
the previous question, which were ordered, and
the House decided that the main question should
be put—ayes 119, noes 96.
The main question then being to refer the mes-
sage, &e , to the Committee of Ways and Means,
it was decided in the affiimative; as follows.
YEAS—Messrs. John Adams, William Allen,
Beale, Bean, Beardsley, Beaumont, John Bell,
James Blair, John Blair, Bodle, Boon, Brown,
Bunch, Burns, Cambieleng, Carmichael, Casey,
S Claik, Clay, Coffee, Connor, Cramer, Day,
Dickerson, Dickinson, Dunlap, Forester, Fowler,
W. K Fuller, Gillet, Joseph Hall, T H Hall,
Halsey, Hamer, Hannegan, Joseph M. Harper,
Harrison, Hathaway, Hawkins, Hawes, Heath,
Henderson, Howell, Hubbard, Abel Huntingdon,
Inge, Jarvis, Richard M Johnson, Noadiah John-
son, Cave Johnson, Benjamin Jones, Kavanagh,
Kmnard, Lane, Lansing, Lawrence, Luke Lea,
Thomas Lee, Leavitt, Lyon, Lytle, Abijah Mann,
Joel K Mann,Moses Mason,Mclntire.McKim,
McKmley, McLene, McVean, Miller, Henry
Mitchell, Robert Mitchel, Murphy, Osgood, Page,
Parks, Patterson, Peyton, D J Pearce, Franklin
Pierce, Pieison, Polk, Pope, Schenck, Shinn,
Charles Slade, Smith, Speight, Standifer, Stod-
dert, Sutherland, W. Tayloi, Francis Thomas,
John Thomson,Turner, Turnli, Vanderpoel, Van
Houten, Wagener, Ward, Wardwell, Wayne,
Webster, Wnailon, C. P. While—107.
NAYS—Messrs. J Q. Adams, Ileman Allen,
C. Allan, Archer, Ashley, Barber, Barnitz, Bar-
nnger, Bates, Baylies,Beatty, James M. Bell,Bin-
ney, Bockee, Bouldin, Buggs, Bull, Burd, Cage,
Carr, Chamberí, Chilton, Choate, Claiborne, W.
Clark, Clay ton, Clowney,Corwin, Coulter,Crane,
Crockett, Darlington, W R Davis, Amos Davis,
Davenport, Deberry, Deming, Denny, Dennis,
Duncan, Evans, Edward Everett, Horace Everett,
Kwing, Felder, Fillmore, Foot, Foster, Piulo C
Jfuller, Fulton, Gamble, Gilmei, Gordon, Gor-
kam, Graham, Grayson, Giennell, Griffin, Hiland
Hall, Haid, Hardin, James Harper, Hazelune,
Hiester, .Tabez W. Huntington, W C Johnson,
Seaborn Jones, Laporte, Lay, Lewis, Love, Mar-
tindale, Marshall, Mardis, McComas, McKay,
McKennan, Milligan, Muhlenberg, Parker, Pat-
ton, Pinckney, Potts, Ramsey, Reed, Rencher,
Schley, Selden, William B Shepard,Augustus H
Shepperd, Wm Slade, Sloaiie,Spans;ler, Stewart,
P 'I nomas, Tompkins, Tweedy, Vance, Vinton,
Watmough, E D White, Ehsha Whittlesey,
Wilde, Williams, Wise, Young—106
The result having been announced that the mo-
tion for reference to the Committee of Ways and
MeanB prevailed, there was some marks of ap-
plause, by clapping of hands, &c , heard
The SPEAKER directed the galleries to be
cleared by the Sergeant-at-Arms
A motion made for adjournment was suspended
until that was done
The Sergeant-at Arms proceeded to execute his
duty, during which
Mr. WHITTLESEY remarked thathe believed
the noise that had been heard did not proceed from
the gallery, but came from the Hall.
The motion of adjournment was then carried,
and at half-past six o'clock,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, Ftbmanj 5,1834.
On motion of Mr POINDEXTER, the vote of
yesterday on one of his resolutions, referring it to
the Committee on Finance, was reconsidered, and
the resolution was laid on the table
Mr. WEBSTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, made a long report on the subject of  he
Secietary of the Treasury's reasons tor the re-
moval of the deposites, which was read.
[One hour and a half was occupied in its read-
ing ]
fhe report concluded by recommending the
adoption of Mr. Clay's second resolution.
Mr. WEBSTER moved that the report be
printed.
Mr CHAMBERS moved that 6,000 additional
copies of the report be printed for the purpose of
distribution.
The remainder of the day was occupied in dis-
cussing this motion, which resulted in its adop-
tion
The Senate then, on motion of Mr WILK1NS,
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 5, 1834.
The standing committees reported various pri-
vate bills for the relief of individuals.
A report was presented relative to marine ap-
prenticeships.
A bill was reported making appropriations for
the surveys, &c, of various enumerated harbors,
for 1834
Mr. POLK, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, reported a bill making appropriations for
the civil and diplomatic expenditures of Govern-
ment for 1834.
The SPEAKER presented various communi-
cations from minor blanches of the executive
departments, in obedience to resolutions passed
recently by the House
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, asked the unan-
imous consent of the House that so many of the
engrossed bills as practicable should be read a
third time, before the hour of resuming the discus-
sion of the deposites     Granted
The House proceeded to the orders of the day,
being
THE REMOVAL OF THE DEPOSITES.
The House having resumed the consideration
of the motion to refer the report of the Secretary
of the Treasury on the deposites to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means—the question being
on the amendment submitted by Mr. Jones as an
amendment to that previously submitted by Mr
McDdtfie, viz to add to the motion for refer-
ence the following instructions to that committee:
" Inquire into the expediency of depositing the
' revenue hereafter collected in the State banks m
' the different States where the same is collected,
' in pioSortion to their respective capitals paid in,
' and to prescribe the terms on which the same
' shall be deposited, and to report by bill or other-
1 wise"—
Mr ARCHER had the floor from the previous
adjournment of the debate, but gave way at the
instance of
Mr. McKINLEY, who desired to express the
hope that some disposition would be come to by
the House, as had been come to by the Senate on
this question, and that after the gentleman from
Virginia should conclude, that the House would
be prepared to take the question Although he
had not spoken himself, as he was desirous to do,
he would forego his purpose of doing so for the
present, that if the subject was referred, they
might have a repoit presented, upon which they
could have full discussion. This, in his opinion,
was in every point of view the most desirable
course to take, but in giving this notice to the
House, he did not wish to coerce them.
Mr. ADAMS wished to know what was the
notice submitted by the genfiemali. Did he mean
by his notice that the House were to stop the
debateJ
Mr. McKINLEY regretted that his language
should have been construed into anything more
than what he intended to expiess, which was
his wish that there would be some termination to
the debate on this preliminary part of the sub-
ject.
The SPEAKER here interposed; upon which
Mr. ARCHER resumed his remarks He said,
on the former day when interrupted, he was about
to examine the arguments used to sustain the
exercise of the power upon which the removal of
the deposites was made. The first question re-
lated to the relative power conferred on either the
President or the Secretary In the outset of his
remaiks, he felt it due to himself, and he owed it
to them to state, that he did not believe they
had knowingly transcended their powers.   Yet,
in thus acquitting them of intentionally acting m
this matter, they were not to be altogether ex-
cused when they respectively committed what
he considered gross dereliction of then duties.
He viewed the act of the lemoval, as had not
been denied, to have been the act of thePiesident.
The Secretary of the Tieasury was only his agent.
The language used in his paper, read to the Cab-
met, wherein the time was announced that the
removal should take place, fully proved that this
measure was, beyond doubt, his own. He con-
sidered that, if the doctunes advanced to maintain
that the Executive possessed rightfully any con-
trol, went to sap the foundations of all that was
essential to free governments, and they were con-
tradicted by the whole course taken by the fra-
mers of the Constitution, whose endeavor had
been to place such guards upon the Treasury as
would prevent what was termed the union of the
purse and the sword, and thus place guards to the
designs of an ambitious Chief Magistrate. He
could not assent to what was urged by the mem-
bers from New York and Georgia, who had jus-
tified the Executive measure, that because Con-
gress had the power to declare war, raise money,
&c , that there was no danger to be apprehended.
But the dangers to be apprehended consisted not
in his raising troops, but in commanding them.
The argument advanced seemed to prove that
we ought to give the whole money-power to the
Executive.
He next contended that when the departments
of the Government were fixed and established in
1789, the Secretary of the Treasury was not made
strictly an executive officer, as other heads of de-
partments in the Government; for there was asso-
ciated with him in that department an officer—the
Treasurer of the United States—in whom was
lodged at least someof the power to act in relation
to all the transfers to be made of the public money.
If this were not so, he asked why was it that the
Treasurer, not the Secretary, was required to give
bonds, &c, for the faithful discharge of the high
trust ^reposed in him! Reviewing, then, all the
circumstances connected with the first formation
of that department, and its connection with the
fiscal affairs of the nation, he thought there could
not be any doubt now that the Secretary was
merely a legislative agent, and not an executive
one, to carry into effect the directions to be given
by Congress. He argued this from the fact that
Congress had appointed other official persons in
that capacity, who might just as well claim to be
executive officers as that officer. The Chief Jus-
tice was appointed to transact important business
ah,ngwith the Secretaries and others, as commis-
sioners to pay off the public debt; and yet, could
he turn about and say that he was other than a
legislative agent, created by Congress to do a cer-
tain act'   Surely not.
Mr A next proceeded to review the argument
used, "that because the power was given to the
President by the Constitution to dismiss the Sec-
retary, therefore that the power to direct that offi-
cer was thereby implied." But reasoning on this
by analogy with other powers given and used by
the President, he came to the conclusion that it
was not the intention of theframers of the Consti-
tution to give to the President any such power.
He argued at length against the reasons adduced
by the Secretary to support the position that he,
not Congress, had any control over the funds
lodged m the Bank of the United States. He con-
sidered that the Secretary had, in assuming this,
contradicted the doctrine held by Mr. Dallas upon
the duties of the Treasury officers. Mr D. had,
when the bank was incorporated, shown that he
placed the Secretary and the Treasurer to act, in
their respective capacities, as checks upon one
another—the Secretary being to direct the pay-
ments, whilst the Treasurer was to perform He
alone was to do the act; and, in accordance with
this, the various transfers were literally made, di-
recting the moneys of the public, wherever placed,
to be lodged, not to the Secretary's credit, but to
that of the Treasurer; and from this he argued
against the right of exclusive control assumed by
the Secretary, or otherwise there must have been
injustice done the Treasurer in requiring him to
give bonds and security for the faithful perform-
ance of a duty, the control of which he was de-
prived.
