1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
157
Mr A. proceeded to comment at great length
upon theseveial reasons given by the Secretary of
the Treasury for the removal of the deposites.
He denied the power of the Secietary to inter-
fere with the currency, upon reasons founded on
public convenience Such a power submitted to
the discretion of the Secretary the control of the
property, the credit, and the honor of every indi-
vidual. The course taken by the bank in its de-
fence, by curtailing its operations, he defended as
proper and necessaiy. The course of the Admin-
istration he thought would not be tolerated by the
people. Indications from every quarter, especially
from the South and from the ¡state of Virginia,
showed that the spirit of the people was roused
against the usurpations of the Executive
When Mr ARCHER concluded his remarks,
several membeis simultaneously addressed the
Chan, but the floor was obtained by Mr PEY-
10N, of Tennessee.
Mr. PEYTON commenced his remarks by
alluding to the combination anayed against the
Executive on this question. Gentlemen who had
formerly stood like tigers, ready to spring at each
othei's throats, now embrace each other in their
patriotic arms. Are not the leaders of this coali-
tion those who recently biought the country to the
bunk of rum > What had united them' Was it
love, or deadly hate, or patriotic zeal' It was
patuotic in gentlemen to guard the people's liberty,
for man should love his country more than self,
and next to God. Should to-morrow's s.un behold
this Administration swept away—if every member
of it should meet his Brutus while he sleeps, would
the new attachment which has thus sprung up be-
tween these individuals continue' As soon would
winter combine with summer, as those factions
with each other. Their fixed and settled determ-
ination was to rule or ruin. They talk of Caspar
and all other tyrants whom poets or historians
have handed down to us. Now, he would ask
any man to reflect on all the examples of the sub-
version of popular hoertv, and then say whether
it has not always been effected through the means
of disappointed factions. They induce the people
to consider themselves as slaves, shed their pain
otic tears over the Constitution, and on eitner
side of the same question, and then they are pre-
pared for the struggle. Mr P went back to see
how Cassar obtained his power, and showed that
it was by uniting two contending factions, and
through them breaking down the influence of
Cato with the Senate and the people In this way
would the liberties of this countiy be destroyed.
Some gentlemen of tianscendent talent and mor-
tified ambition would unite to wield the press
and the money-power of the countiy. Bat the
gentleman fiom South Carolina gives us his plan
for pi eventing the union of the purse and the
sword, theappi«hension of whicn so much alarms
lnm He says that the Bank or die United Slates
ou°ht, by constitutional provision, to be compelled
to lake the political field on every election, foj lie
wishes the bank to throw its weight against the
Administration. Thirty-five millions must be
thrown into the scale of lnm who is the opponent
ot the incumbent. As the bank has elected one
candidate, it must turn round and oppose him In
this way the ba>ik would elect ail the Presidents,
a^ the sword and the purse would be effectually
united.
It seems that the present incumbent is governed
by impulse and passion, and hasnofixedpimcipleb.
The °-entleman from South Carolina has never dis-
covered this irom his own acquaintance with the
President, but he had told vis that he derived the
information fiom the ex Secietary of the Tieas-
uiy, who himself had not discovered it till he went
home and consulted his daddy
He should like to see one question settled. It
had been said that s venty five men elected the
incumbent They mu t deserve great credit for
then talents But he was inclined to believe that
those who claimed the least creait for the service
had mosteo do with it, to wit—the people
Mr P then adverted to the power and influ-
ence of the bank, its control of the State banks,
and its power to fi\ the value of property in a-y
pait of the United States, by expanding and con-
tracting its currency, as furnishing a strong reason
for inhibiting it from interfering in any manner
with elections     The power of the institution was
now felt in every part of the country. High
charges were made against it, and it tortured the
people, to wimg from them their reluctant sup-
port If the bank could, at this day, move the
people by torture, at another and later period, it
might say of an opponent, "Off with his head."
The Piesident, with all his power, cannot print
a single document of any kind If the bank can
do thie, with the public money, they can find dag-
gers for public servants. The bank asserts, in
fact, the right to spend every dollar in its vaults
in carrying on a war with its adversaries.
HereMt PEYTON, without concluding, yield-
ed the floor to Mr BELL, of Tennessee, on whose
motion the House adjourned.
IX SENATE.
Thursday, February 6, 1834
After the presentation of petitions and repoi is of
committees,
The Senate then proceeded to the special order
of the day, being Mr Clay's resolution on the
REMOVAL OP THE DEPOSITES.
Mr WILKINS rose and said that, more than
forty years ago, on an occasion like the present,
the venerable Mr. Madison observed that " the
' present question should be conducted with mod-
' eration and candor, and tragic representations,
' warmth, and passion, ought not to assume the
' preponderance, instead of reason " He would
endeavor to profit by the recommendation of that
sage and patiiot, although he had but little hope
of shedding new light on a subject which had been
so exhausted by those who had pieceded him
Wide, and unnecessarily wide, as the field had
been enlaiged, those skilful gleaners nad passed
over it without leaving scarcely a gram behind
He declared that he entered upon this debate re-
luctantly, not to shun responsibility, but from an
indisposition to tax the patience of the Senate
farther. For the truth of this remark, he might
appeal to the fact, that since he had had the honor
of a seat here, he had been lather abstener than a
debater. Duiing the last Congress, by an almost
unanimous vote of the Legislatuie of his State,
he was instructed to vote for the Bank of the Uni-
ted States, and he did not scruple to vote for its
rechartei, in obedience to those instructions. He
votJd for the bill which was reported by the com-
mittee It was fortunate that on all sides of the
House the question of recharter of the bank was
laid on the shelf The present was an abstract,
insulated question, having no reference to the
objects which arise out of it And without any
danger, therefore,*of coming into collision with his
own State, he was left to pursue his own course
upon the resolutions of the gentleman fiom Ken-
tucky Tragic representations, and frightful pic-
tures of distress m the countiy, the Constitution
lying bleeding under foot, and appioaching civil
war and bloodshed, weie presented to our view
The gloom of '76 was said to be ovei hanging us
The President is called a despot, grasping at all
the poweis of the Goveinment, se'zmg upon the
puise and sword of the nation, a public robber of
the rights and tieasure of the peole—these are
placed in the foreground of the picture, while the
real merits of the question are cast entirely in the
background. If we weie to judge of politics by
the same rules which govern in physical phenom-
ena, it might be said that all these evils were to
overtake us Until this debate began, and long
after the removal of the deposites, we enjoyed an
entire calm, the peop'e confided in an almost un-
paralleled degieein the Adm nistration, and if there
was any changeknown,itwasonly in the increase
of its popularity This wide-spread evil existed
in this second resolution alone It admitted the
power ot removing the deposites—there was no
infraction of the cnarter— he money was all safe—
thetrea^iue was there—not a dollar was drawn
out or appropriated but in accordance w th law
If to touch this money corporation was to involve
us in the gloom of '76, gentlemen ought to delib-
erate before they vote to revivesuch a corporation,
which can i evi&it us with such disasters
[An explanation here ensued between Mr
WEBSTER, Mr SOUTHARD,and Mr WIL-
KINS, relative to some imputed expressions,
which the two former gentlemen disclaimed ]
Mr. WILKINS continued, protesting that the
pictures drawn by the two gentlemen were too
highly colored, calculated to keep up the panic in
the country, and were uncalled for by any act of
the Government, because, if the late report of the
Committee on Finance were analyzed, although it
was written with great ability, yet it amounted to
no more than that the great emergency for the
removal of the deposites had not arrived when the
act was done, the Secretary had the power, but
the time and occasion was not justified by expedi-
ency. It did not state that an emergency might
not happen, but that it had not happened. On the
first oí December, 1833, when he left home for
this place, there was nota cry or whimper among
the people. He traveled through Pennsylvania,
the elections were over, ti e removal of the depos-
ites had taken place, and the whole political char-
acter of the State was changed in favor of the man
who caused the removal. The distress, then, waa
caused by the bank, he wished it had taken a dif-
ferent course, and negotiated with the Administra-
tion and with Congress, and had suspended its
oppressive course, until Congress had acted. But
they have concluded to pursue a different course;
although the agent of the Government, they have
warred with its principles, and adopted a system
of cruel restriction with the people, when it was as
much in their power to have adopted a different
system. He had no objection to this course, but
he only asked of them to yield to Congress the
right of resisting them If the bank had exercised
kind feelings and charity, it would have been far
better and more creditable to them
But, it is said, the Pi esident has united the purse
and the sword. Sir, there can be no such thing.
So long as the people are enlightened and uncor-
rupt, the thing is impossible If hi3 object had
1 been coirupt, if he had designed to unite the purse
with the sword, he would have seized on the bank.
But what has been his course' He has thrown
away power, he has disclaimed it. The union of
the purse and the sword, in the Chief Magistrate,
supposes that when he had, after an eventful life,
reached the Presidency, he had abandoned his pa-
triotism and all those high honois which have
been heaped upon him, and was now governed by
a low, grovelling ambition, and a sordid passion.
Yet, what has he done> Instead of uniting with
the most powerful institution on earth, he has re-
moved the deposites to the local banks. Has he
gone to that bank where all power is concentrated
—to that bank capable of producing all this dis-
tress and pressure ' No. If ins object had been
power, he would have gone to that bank seeking
to obtain a recharter, and there have made his
bargain. He would have gone to an institution
having so much influence over the people, not to
the State banks, which cannot have any uniformity
of action, but to the Bank of the United States,
rich in coin, influence, and power, which it thinks
neither the Government or people can control—to
the bank which says it can annihilate the State
banks. If all this proves anything, it proves his
high mindedness. He says to the bank, begone;
although you have a majority in the House of
Representatives, lhave vetoed you This would
not have been his course, if he had contemplated
a union of the purse and sword. He came now
to speak of the Government directors—officers
holding their commissions under the Government;
and he contended the President was right m the
course he pur-sued, in obtaining information from
those directors, and they were right in communi-
cating it to him He had turned his attention to
this subject, and he had found it was the friends
of the bank who insisted, at the time it was char-
tered, that the Government ought to have sentinels
at the boai d But take up the charter for a moment,
and on its face the President is justified in the
course he has pursued, as well as the directors, and
it will also be found that the President took the
onlv course that was within his reach
Mr W then adverted to each article of the char-
ter in succes ion, to show that the Pres dent could
arrive at no knowledge of the conduct of the bank,
except through the Government directors
He continued. Take up the charter itself, and
it will be seen he had no other source of informa-
tion , but through the public directors. And what
was the attitude of the bank in reference to those
directors? That of rank hostility. It would have
