1634.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
167
The bill and the report accompanying it having
been read, the comm ittee rose and repoi ted the bill
to the House, without amendment, and the bill
was then ordeied to be engrossed and read a third
time.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 10, 1834.
A message was received fiom the President of
the United States, by Mr. Donelson, his Private
Secretary.
Mr. MOORE presented a memorial from the
Legislature of Alabama, ptaywg the establishment
of a pension agency within that State, which was
referred to the Committee on Finance
Mr. MOORE presented a memorial from sun-
dry citizens of Alabama, praying the establish-
ment of pension agencies at Tuscaloosa and Mont-
gomery, which was referred to the same committee
Mr MOORE presented a memorial from the
Legislature of Alabama, stating that the 16ih sec-
tion of the public lands, reserved for the use of
schools, in many instances was utterly valueless,
and praying Congress for the pnv liege of changing
such entries when occasion called for it. The
memorial was laid upon the table.
Mr. CHAMBERS presented the memorial of
a large numbei of the inhabitants of the city of
Washington, praying aid fiom Congress relative
to the debt incurred by the Coiporation in sub-
scribing for stock in the Chesapeake and Ohio
Canal Company Refened to the Committee on
the Distr.ct of Columbia.
Mr. CHAMBERS, in puisuance of notice, in-
troduced a bill fo, the benefit of the Baltimoie and
Susquehanna Rulroad Company.
Which was read twice andrelerred to the Com-
mittee on Finance
Mi. HENDRICKS, from the Commit'ee on
Roads and Canals, to whom was referred the
memorial of the Ptesident and Directois of the
Ponchartram Railroad Company, asked to be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the same,
and that it be refeired to the Committee on Com-
merce; which was agieed to.
Mi. TOML1NSON, from the Committee on
Pensions, m tde an unfavoiable report on the peti-
tion of John Smith, which was read and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, presented a memorial
of the Legislature of that State. The memonal
states that Congress had granted 400,000 acres of
land for the improvement of the navigation at the
Muscle Shoals; all the good lands had been dis-
posed of, and the object nf the Legislature was to
ask Congress to peimit the refuse lands to be sold
for what they would bring. The memorial was
referred to the Commutee on Public Lands, and,
on motion of Mr. MOOR.E, was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, piesented the petition
of the trustees of the Female Academy at Frank-
lin, praying agiant of four sections of land. Re-
fened to the Committee on Public Lands
Mi. WEBSTER, from the Committee on Pi-
nance, reponed a bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives making appropriations for the payment
of revolutionary pensioners, without amendment
Mr. TYLER, from the Committee on Finance,
reported a bill for the benefit of the crew of the
puvateer Rodgers
Mr. CLAYTON presented two memorials from
inhabitants of Delaware, asking aid of Congress in
improving the navgation of the Christiana, which
was refened to the Committee on Commerce
Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee on Claims,
repoited a bill from the House of Repiesentatives,
without amendment, for the bene6t of certain in-
habitants of the frontiers of the States of Illinois
and Indiana
Mr CHAMBERS presented the memorial of
the President and Directors of the Baltimore and
Susquehanna Railroad Company. Referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented the petition of
the tieirs of Major General Lord Stirling, of the
¡evolutionary army, which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr WILKINS presented the proceedings and
is&o'jtious of a huge meeting i<=cemly% held at
Pittsburg, disapproving of the course of the Sec-
tetaiy of the Treasuiy in removing the deposites.
Ihe proceedings were read, refened to the Com-
mittee on Finance, and ordered to be punted.
Mr. WILKINS also presented the pioceedings
and resolutions of a numerously-attended meeting
of citizens of Philadelphia, approving of the course
pursued by the Secretary of the Tieasury in re
moving the deposites, and advocating the public
measures of the Executive of the United States
Read and referred to the Committee on Finance,
and ordered to be printed.
_^ Mr. WILKINS presented the memorial of the
Chamber of Commeice of Pmladelphia and others,
piaymg the reconstruction of a light house in
Delaware bay, near the Biandy wine Shoals. Re-
fened to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. KENT presented the memorials of sundry
citizens of Baltimore, praying aid for the improve-
ment of that haiboi, which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce
Mr KENT also presented the petition of many
of the inhabitants residing m the eastern bection of
Washington city, praying Congress would pur-
cnase thebr dges over the Eastern Branch, in Older
to make them tree. Refenedto the Committee on
the Distnct of Columbia.
Mr. SOUTHARD presented the proceedings
and resolutions of meetings held in New Jeisey,
the one in the county of Morns, m the eastern
part of the Siate, the ouher in the county of Bur-
lington, in the western pa.t, disappioving of the
couise uf the Secretary of the Treasury m remov-
ing the deposites Read and leferred to the Com-
mittee on Finance
Petitions of a private nature weie submitted by
Messrs POR1ER, BIBB, VVAGGAMAN, and
WILKINS, which weie íefetied to the usual
committees.
RESOLUTIONS.
The following resolutions «fere submitted during
the moining:
By Mi. TOMLINSON:
Resolved, fhat the Committee on Commeice be
instructed toincjuuemtothe expediency of makrig
an appropiiation to complete and secure the works
at Cedai Point, in the State of Connecticut.
By Mr CHAMBERS:
Resetted, Tnat the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to mqu're into the expediency
of making an appiopnation for the fortifications of
tne first and second class", as projected by the
Boaid of Engineers, for the defense of the cuy of
Baltimore.
By Mi. HENDRICKS.
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be mstiuued to mquiie into ihe expediency of au-
thorizing the accounting officers of the lreasury
Department to adjust and settle the claims of Lieu-
tenant James Noble, of the United States Navy,
for services as lieutenant on board the Dolphin,
and until his return to the United States, from the
10th March, 1830, to the 1st Decembei, 1832.
Resolied, That the Committee on Pensions be
instiuc ed to inquire into the expediency of grant-
ing a pension to Henry L MonU.ii, of Indiana,
ami that his papers be referred to said committee.
By Mr. HENDRICKS
Rcolied, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to mqune into the
expediency of establishing a post route from Jef-
feisonviile, by way of Charlestown, Zebulon Col-
hns's, Vienna, Siatefoid, Stanfield's M-ilIs, and
Rockford, to Indianapolis, or so much thereof as
may not heretofoie have been established by
law
At one o'clock, on motion of Mr. WEBSTER,
the Senate pioceeded to executive business, and,
after spending some time therein,
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 10, 1834.
BANK OF THE UNITED STATES.
Mr   CAMBRELENG p'esented four memo-
rials, all relating to the present condition of the
country, and proposing modesof relief.   Theñrst
memonal was from the merchants of Ne.v Yo-k
engaged in the foreign trade of the country, pray-
ing for the establishment of a warehousing sys-
tem. The act of 1833 would effectually destroy
thecairying trade ¡n dutiable articles, unless some
such íemedy should be promptly applied. The
opeiation of that act since the 4th of March last,
had almost prostrated that branch of trade; it had
withdrawn a capital equal to more than twenty
millions of dollars. The amount existing on the
1st January, 1833, was twenty-one millions and a
half We have not only (said Mr. C ) withdiawn
that vast capital from one Branch of trade since the
4th of March last, but we have compelled our im-
porters to advance the íevenue to the Govern-
ment. It is impracticable, under that act, to real-
ize the amount of duty from the sales before they
aie obliged to advance. Under this double opera-
tion this single branch of trade had been called
upon for thirty millions, one half of which at least
had beep, called upon from the city of New York.
I am rot, sir, foi cons'itutmg Government a bor-
rower or a lender to any branch of trade. The
terms of credit should not be so long as to encour-
| age injudicious speculations, nor so short as to
embarrass and restrict the foreign trade. They
I should be so graduated as to enable the importer
, to realize the duty by sale of the merchandize be-
fore he is cilled upon to pay the duty.
Gentlemen may save themselves the trouble of
I devising means to employ our surplus íevenue at
I the end of the year—the operation of the act of
i July, 1832, would cause a large reduction in im-
l portatioos of dutiab'e articles, and he was much
mistaken if there would not be a very considerable
I falling off in the revenue of the present year; the
foreign trade could not recover or flourish, unless
I some remedy is speedily apphed.   If gentlemen
( are sincerely desirous of extending relief to this
branch of trade, let them come foiwaid, establish
, a warehousing system, permit importers to de-
posite their mccnandize for three years, and to
I pay the duty m three and six months from the date
of the entry for consumption. We hear much,sir,
about measures of relief.    Theie is none that can
be proposed which would afford more substantial
and permanent relief of the foreign trade of the
1 country, a bianch of trade which has been fatally
embanassed by our own measures.
j The second memorial which I shall present is
! from the " workmgmen of New York against
1 paper money, and in favor of the constitutional
I currency " The currency proposed by the memo-
nalists is that which was contemplated by the
fiamers of the Constitution; and well would it
have been for the country, had we never, since
I 1789, introduced by law another of a fluctuating
chaiacter. I am suiprised to hear the language
| lately reiterated upon the subject of a metallic
curr<n"y However we may differ about the
remedy, I had heretofore supposed that gentlemen
all agreed that the bank note circulations of the
countiy were sustained by too small a metallic
basis, to secure stability to commercial credit and
steady employment to the laboring classes It
is unnecessary for gentlemen to be alarmed or to
attempt to spread unfounded apprehensions. No
one proposed to rush headlong from one extreme
to theothei. Whatevei reform might be attemted,
should be effected by slow degrees, and with a
just íegard to the existing condition of the trade
of the country. No interest should be distuibedor
deranged by any abrupt measuies. Sn,Iamof
those who believe it piacticable to reclaim our gold
coin fiom foreign countries, and that it is no such
veiy difficult matter foi the trar>e of this commer-
cial country to abstract from the four thousand
millions of the current com of the world one hun-
dredth part, to be added to the existing metallic
circulations of the country. But whatever reform-
ation of the currency shall be attempted, it must
be made gradually; and I hope, sir, that gentlemen
who profess sound regard for the soundness of our
currency, will, at least, throw no impediment m
the way of those anxious as we are to impioveits
character, without mtenuptmg the prosperity of
the country, and to secure peimanent and greater
stab.hty to the operations of trade and industry.
Sir, I have two other memorials to present, signed
by more than ten thousand of my fellow citizens,
and other memorials to the same effect are yet to
come, praying that the deposites may not be re-
stored, and that the Bank of the United Statu
