168
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 10,
may not be «chartered.   Under the peculiar cir-
cumstances which produced these memorials, 1 feel
a proud satisfaction m presenting them to this .
House.   They speak the language of independent
men, of a community suffering under oppression,
but determined never to submit to their oppress-
ors, or to surrender their rights.    The Bank of
the United States has made a bold experiment
upon the country.    Since the commencement of
this session, its presses and its friends abroad—
aye, sir, even the capitalists of this country—have
been instrumental in an attempt to destroy com-
mercial confidence, by circulating the most alarm-
ing predictions of approaching ruin and calamity.
The rumors of distress, of fnghtful disasters, of
panic, have been echoed here by distinguished
gentlemen of both Houses.   Sir, no other country
upon earth could have stood firm under such a
general attack upon commercial confidence as has
been made by the bank and us friends abroad
during the last seventy days.   If the distinguished
men of both Houses of Parliament had indulged in
the same gloomy anticipations, had they for more
than two months predicted universal wreck and
ruin, and general panic, it would have broken half
the country banks in  England, and half their
merchants and manufacturers.   It is. sir, a bold
expetiment of the Bank of the United States, and
has fallen with dreadful severity upon my constit-
uents; produced many bankruptcies, and  ruined
many families.    But, sir, were their losses and
suffeiings ten times as great, so long as they are  ¡
animated with the spirit of freemen, they will ne\er
subject a Government of their own to the domin- '
ion of the Bank of the United  Stales     These
memorials, sir, are the result of the policy pursued ,
by the bank, and such will be the sentiment of the
country.   This experiment upon the feais of the i
country has totally changed the question; it is no ,
longer a contest oetween the bank and the Treas-
ury, or the Executive, it is a question between
the bank and the people; a question between the ;
moneyed power of a corporation and populai sov-
ereignty.    Gentlemen bud unders ood the mtelii- j
gence and patriotism of the people, and this last
experiment would fail.   But, sir, whatever may be
the political result, I hope thosewho have been in- |
strumental in destroying commercial confidence, i
by predicting rum, will unite with us in endeavor-
ing to restore it     I trust, sir, that the ninety days
referred to by a gentleman [Mr. Selden] at the
commencement of the session, are now drawing
to a close, and thit weaieappioaching those days j
of grace when the Bank of the Unned States will,
in its mercy, relieve the country     1 hope, sir, the
bank will do now what it ought to have done two j
months ago—annource   to the local banks that
they have nothing to fear Aom its measures—and
restore confidence     The president and  directors
have now no apology foi persisting in its myste-
rious couise towards the State banks.   Nay, sir,
they have been called upon by their own fi lends— I
they have been admonished to change their couise '!
—the mandate has been issued from the other wing
of the Capitol    It cannot be misundeistood, and
I have no doubt it will be obeyed, and that com-
mercial  confidence will  be once more" restoied
Sir, if gentlemen íeally intend to dosomething foi
the relief and permanent benefit of the country, let
them   reestablish  our foreign  trade on a secure
foundation, either by a warehousing system or by
extending the credit on duties    And if they wish
to secure a durable prospenty to tiade, and  a ,
steady employment to labor, let them unite with  >
us in our measures to enlarge the metallic basis of I
our circulation, and improve the condition of our  i
currency.    Mr  C. concluded by moving the ref-1
erence of these memorials to the Committee of i
Ways and Means.                                                      I
The memonals were then referred accordingly. '
Mr. SELDEN presented a memorial of work '
ing men, mechanics, and others, in the city of i
New York,detailing their present embarrassments,
which they attribute to the derangement cf the cur-11
rency; and praying Congress to restore the depos- I
ites to the Bank of the United States, or to adopt
other measures for their lelief                                    '
Mr. S.,to give some idea of the present distress
in that city, said that there were upwaids of'ten
thousand workmgmen generally employed in the
building of houses, but who, owing to the present
pressure for money, were now out of employment,
no contracts being made for the putting up of build-
ings. He was happy to hear from his colleague
[Mr. Cambbeleng] that theie was something
contemplated to alleviate their distress; that it was
at length intimated that the intention of resorting
at once to a metallic currency was abandoned, and
that that project would beonly gradually pi oceeded
with. With respect to what had fallen from his
colleague as to the prophecy he had made in the
beginning of the debate on the restoration of the
deposites, " that unless Government retrace their
steps within ninety days, there must be produced
a scene of wide spread and unexampled ruin," he
would ask, was not his colleague satisfied that the
prophecy had been unfortunately verified > Had
theie not been seen, and within the time specified,
at their doors, the merchants and mechanics of
almost all their principal towns and cities, stating
their distiess,and pi aymg Congress to adopt some
measures foi their relief He had then been jus-
tified in the view which he had presented so early
to the House. He now regietted that the memo-
rial presented by his colleague had not been read,
that it might be seen whether a very important
part, and which, if thejournals were to be believed,
was subsequently appended to it, went to confirm
the memorial presented by him, and equally called
on the House for relief. He desired that the me-
morial he piesented should be read, and would
state to the House that it was signed by three
thousand perbons.
The memorial was then read, and referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. MUHLENBERG presented the proceed-
ings of a meeting I eld in the town of Laneastei,
Pennsylvania, oft the subject of the currency The
meeting was large and respectable, and they adopted
resolutions highly approving of the removal of the
deposites.   Referred, and ordeied to be printed.
Mr. CHAMBERS presented the memorial of a
public meeting held in Franklin county, Pennsyl
vania, on the subject of the public distress. The
memoiiahsts weie not stockjobbers, but farmers
and miiler3. They attribute the distiess to the
removal of the deposites, and request their resto-
ration.    Read, and ordered to be punted.
Mr DENNY presented the memorial of a meet-
ing of citizens held in Pittsburgh, representing the
embarrassed condition of their business, and pray-
ing the adoption of measures for their relief. Mr.
D. spoke at considerable length in support of the
views of the memoiiahsts, and, on his motion,
the proceedings of the meeting were referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordeied to
be punted.
Mr. BÍNNCY rose to pi esent a memorial of the
Chamber of Commerce of Philadelphia, request-
ing an appropriation to be made for rebuilding a
light-house on thetBiandy wine shoal of the Del-
aware.
fMr. BiNNEY also presented a memorial from
themeichants, mechanics,manufacturers, tradeis,
&c , of the city and county of Philadelphia, pray-
ing that the Government deposites should be re-
stored to the United States Bank. In doing this,
he embraced the opportunity of animadverting
upon the impropriety of violating the íules of the
House by those (piesentmg petitions) who made
the occasion a means of comment.ng upon the
topics agitating the House in other discussions,
which are irrelevant to the subject before the
House. One violation begets others in replies,
lie would therefoie content himself with malting
a Simple statement of the memorial; and nothing
more is necessary than to notice the simple facts
announced in the papei; the connections, charac-
ters, and occupations, the present and apprehended
amount of sufferings, and the numbers of those
who have signed the appeal to the representatives
of the nation These facts ought to surpass any
arguments which could be presented by the most
commanding art£j persuasive eloquence. If, by
famine, pestilence, or any p'ague, and not by the
conduct of the Administration, the memoiiahsts
had been reduced to the state of suffering which
they have descubed, it would excite a throb in the
hearts of all, and plead for sympathy and relief
He trusts that still there will be those who have
ears to hear, and hearts to feel, who will not have
their understandings misled, and who will not deny
the existence of the calamity, nor refuse the proper
remedy.
The memorial was signed by 10,259 i esidents oí
the city and county of Philadelphia, each name
having attached to it the trade or piofession of the
subscriber, so that the authenticity of the whole
pioceeding might be better ascertained. The gen-
tleman under whose immediate protection the me-
morial was got up, took care to exclude the name
of every mmoi, and x>f every person not a resident
in Philadelphia. Nearly every profession or call-
ing in that city, and every species of property are
represented by those who subscribed the memo-
rial . The subscribers, he said, are intelligent men,
and of piactical experience, competent to estimate
the causes of the calamity and suffering they assert.
Nor is the memoiial the production of a party, for
1 all feel the pressure; and bankruptcy, want, and
j beggary is likely to know no distinction of parties.
If no relief is afforded in time all party distinctions
!| will be bioken into one which bankruptcy, want,
and beggary have made—a party rumed and un-
done.
The memorial breathes the language of men who
feel their suffenng, and are competent to asceitain
the cause and point out the remedy. They are in
the midst of distress; yet they have the foresight
to apprehend that their distress will be «fade greater
if means are not taken to remove it. They repre-
sent that one pait of the citizens will suffer insol-
vency and bankiuptcy; and that the other will be
destitute of food and raiment. They believe—and
he also believes—that their suffering arises from
the total destruction of confidence m every branch
of business, and this uestruction they attubute to
the removal of the deposites.
Mr. B continued, saying that the present state
of things is quietly, secretly, and imperceptibly
undermining all the State banks; that their notes
aie at a discount and still going down; and that
shortly they will be compelled to stop specie pay-
ments. He asserted that the deposites did not
so much go into the S|iate banks as into the pri-
vate coffers of individuals, who were thus re-
solved to sustain themselves in the day of antici-
pated calamity. He added, that nothing but the
restoration of public confidence could remedy the
evils complained of, and this could be produced
only by a restoration of the confidence between
the General Government and the Bank of the
United States.
He  moved  that  the  memorial  be  read,  and
printed entire, with the signatures and occupation
| of the subscribers.    Unwilling to provoke any
discussion on its reference, he moved that it be
refened to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr SUTHERLAND presented a memorial
from inhabitants of the 8th congiessional district,
also one from a number of Democrats who lately
assembled at the court-house of the city of Phila-
delphia, against the restoration of the deposites.
The signéis of the memorial say that this is the
general voice of the party, and he would remark,
that it spoke the voice of what he apprehended
would be the laiger portion of the inhabitants of
that city
The SPEAKER presented memorials on the
same subject, from Moyamensmg and Harnsburg,
Pennsylvania.
Mr. WATMOUGH presented one from the 3d
congressional district, Philadelphia, in favor of
the restoration of the deposites; all which memo-
rials were referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. W. presented another from the same dis-
trict against the restoration of the deposites.
Mr SPEIGHT called for the reading of the
memorial
Mr. WATMOUGH did not object to its being
rend, but he desired to have the other one also
read.
The SPEAKER said that the first memorial
Laving been leferred, it was not in order now to
call foi the leading.
The memorial against the restoration of the de-
posites having been read,
Mr. WATMOUGH insisted that this memorial
having been read, it was only an act of justice to
his constituents to have the first one also read, he
had not moved this originally, being unwilling to
consume the time of the House, and he did not
suppose any gentleman would withhold such ail
act of courtesy.
