1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
169
The SPEAKER called Mr. W. to order. It was
not in order to reflect upon any member
Mr SPEIG HT disclaimed ha\ mg been actuated
by any motives to treat the gentleman with disre-
spect. He called foi the reading of the last me-
morial, as he had, in presenting the other, favored
the House, if not with elaborate, certainly with a
very strong statement
Mr. W ATMOUGH was happy to hear the dis-
claimer, and moved the suspension of the rule, in
Older that the merrorial might he read; and upon
this motion he asked the yeas and nays
The House refused to order the yeas and
nays, and the motion to suspend the rule was
rejected
Mr. WATMOUGH moved to reconsider the
vote referring the memorial to the committee, in
order that he might call for us reading. Rejected
—88 to 102
Mr. L4.NE presented the petition of the citi-
zens of Ripley and Switzerland counties, in the
State of Indiana, and of the county of Gallatin, in
the State of Kentucky, piaying the establishment
of a mail route from Georgetown, in the State of
Kentucky, by the way of Owmgton, Ghent,
Vevey, Mount Sterling, Cross Plains, and Vei-
sailles, to Napoleon, m the State of Indiana, to
be conveyed in stages.
Mr. WHITE, of Florida, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which lies one day on the
table:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be direct-
ed to communicate to this House the coirespond-
ence and reports of the agents charged with sul
penntendmg the repairs of the fort and sea-wal-
at St Augustine, Florida, or such parts as will
show its condition, with an estimate of the sum
required to complete the improvements, and also
the report and estimate for the completion of
the improvements of certain rivers and roads in
Florida.
Mr. J. Q, ADAMS submitted the following
resolution, which lies one day for consideration:
Rcsohed, That the following be adopted as one
of the standing íules for conducting business in
this House, to follow immediately after the fifty-
seventh rule:
At every session of Congress, commencing on
the first Monday of December, it shall be the duty
of the Committeecf Ways and Means,withm thirty
days after their appointment, to repoit the general
annual appropriation bills for the supportof Gov-
ernment, of the Army and Navy, and for the Indian
depaitment, and Indian annuities, or, on failure
thereof, the reasons of such failure.
Mr. HAWES submitted the following resolu-
tion, which lies one day on the table:
Resolved, That the Secietary of War be instruct-
ed to communicate to this House the names and
numbeis of all the cadets who have been received
into the United States Military Academy, in each
year, from the 31st of December, 1829, till the
present time; the ¡States and Territories, including
the District of Columbia, from whence they came,
respectively, distinguishing between those who
have been graduated and have received commis-
sions and those who have withdrawn or have been
dismissed fiom the institution, stating, also, the
names and number of those graduates now in the
Army of the United States, and designating (as far
as practicable) those whose fathers or guaidians
were, or now are, membeis of Congress, or Gov-
ernors of States or Territories, or holding offices
in the District of Columbia.
On motion of Mr MARDIS, the House sus-
pended the rule, to permit him to offer the folio wing
resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing the following post
routes in Alabama- fiofn Erie, Green county, to
Livingston, Sumpter county, from Marion, Pen y
county, to Cahawba, Dallas county, fiom Pick-
ensville, Pickens county, to Jackson, Mississippi;
from Benton couit house, Benton county, via
Kelly's Spring, to ihe court house m Talladega
county, and from thence to Wetumpka, Ala-
bama.
Mr CAVE JOHNSON reported a bill supple-
mental to an act passed for the final adjustment of
land claims in Louisiana.
Mr. HARPER, a bill for the relief of William
Harrison and others.
Mr. R M JOHNSON, a bill to provide more
effectually for the defence of the Arkansas frontier.
Mi. McKINLEY, a bill for the relief of Ebene-
zer Reed.
Mr JARVIS, from the Committee on Public
Buildings,reported a resolution that Robert Mills
be paid 1,000 dollars out of the contingent fund of
the House, for his services as architect in making
alterations, <fcc ,in the Hall
Mr J. remaiked, that Mr Mills had been em-
ployed by the last House of Representatives to
make the alterations which conduced so much to
their comfort; and he thought the present House
were only performing an act of justice in paying
him.
Mr. WHITTLESEY objected to the resolution,
as he contended that the subject should be refeired
to the Committee of Claims, that they might re-
port upon it.
Mr HAWES moved an amendment to strike
out 1,000 dollars and inseit 250 dollars.
After a few brief remarks by Mr JARVIS in
support of the íesolution—
Mr. EWING moved to recommit the resolution
to the Committee on Public Buildings, with a view
that further experiments might be made to improve
the Hall, which at present was soconstiucted that
scarcely a word of the ordinary business could be
heard whilst in progress.
Mr. PARKER objected to the payment being
made out of the contingent fund.
After a few brief remai ks from Messrs BURGES
and EVANS, the resolution was recommitted to
the Committee of Claims.
The House went into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, Mr Thomson m the
chair, and considered the bill making appropria-
tion for the commissariat for 1834
The bill was considered, and having been re-
poned to the House, was ordered to be engrossed
for a third leading to-morrow.
The Hoube then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, Fehuary 11, 1834
Mr. McKEAN presented a memorial signed
by 10,259 citizens of Philadelphia, relative to the
pecumai y distress, assigning the cause to be the
removal of the Government deposites from the
Bank of the United States
Mr McKEAN rose and said, he had been hon-
ored with the charge of a memorial, signed, as he
had been informed, by about ten thousand citizens
of the city and county of Philadelphia, complain-
ing of the existence of great distress and pressure
m that community, which they attributed to the
removal of the Government deposites. Mr. McK.
said he, had been waited on by a very respectable
committee of gentlemen from that city, now here,
who expiessed their view to him at length on the
subject And although he differed fiom them m
opinion as to the causes of the distress and pres-
sure, yet he could no longer disbelieve the fact that
such a state of things did exist there. He moved
that the memoual be read, referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance, and printed. He also presented
a letter fiom that committee to himself, which he
desired might be read.
After the memoual had been read,
Mr. CLAY suggested that the motion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania might comprehend
the punting of the signatures, and the accompany-
ing letter, which
Mr McKEAN assented to.
After sorrfe remarks by Mr. WEBSTER, the
memorial was referred.
Mr GRUNDY.fiomtheCommitteeonthePost
Office and Post Roads, reported a bill for the regu-
lation of the Post Office Department, with amend-
ments, wh'ch was ordered to be printed.
Mr. MANGUM presented the preamble and
resolutions of a meeting held in Burke county,
North Carolina, of a similar character with those
presented a few minutes before by Mr McKean
Mr. BROWN asked for the reading of the
paper, and the paper was accordingly re*d.
Mr MANGUM then sent a letter to the table,
which he desired might be read.
The letter having been read—
Mr BROWN rose and said, that although he
had not been apprized, but a few moments before,
that this preamble and resolutions were to be pre-
sented to the Senate, he felt it to be his imperative
duty, as one of the Representatives of the State of
North Carolina, on this floor, in consequence of
the tone of this preamble and resolutions, and of
the remaiks of his colleague, to take the present
occasion to explain some of his views in reference
to this subject.
He was one of those who, in his representative
capacity, felt every disposition to respect public
opinion, whenever that opinion could be properly
ascertained. Whenever he should be brought to
feel a settled conviction that the opinion of the
people of North Carolina was in opposition to the
course which he had felt it to be his duty to take
on great political measures, ard whenever that
opinion should be fairly presented to him, he would
be either prepared to obey it, or to relinquish the
seat which he had the honor to hold on this floor.
If he did not adopt one of these alternatives, he
should consider that he was acting in opposition
to the sacred pnnciples of our republican institu-
tions, and following the practice of those who,
while they were issuing denunciations of execu-
tive usurpations of power, were themselves acting
in opposition to the expression of opinion of their
own constituents, and were thus violating the
great principles of republican government. But
he could not consent to take the opinions of these
petitioners, i espectable as he admitted them to be,
as the sense of the people of North Carolina. It
was true that some of the signéis of this paper had
been supporters of the present Executive, but it
was equally true that others of them were his de-
cided opponents From the tone of the resolu-
tions, and the character of the newspapers selected
for their publication, he inferred, indeed, that
the greatei number had been always in opposition
to General Jackson. What were those papers?
The National Intelligencer, the U S Telegraph,
the Richmond Whig. He admitted that some of
the signers of the pacer were once among the
friends of the Executive, but this document came
to the Senate in a very questionable shape
In regard to the great question which was agi-
tating the country from one end of it to the other,
his own opinion had been firmly and deliberately
made up. From a view of all the circumstances,
he was satisfied that the agitation and embarrass-
ment which pi evaded resulted from the conduct
of the bank itself, and the conduct of that political
party, the existence of which seemed to depend
on that of the bank. He should deem himself
recreant to all republican principles, and to his
own feelings, did he not place himself in zeal-
ous and determined opposition to such a course.
What had been the course of the bank' When
about eight millions were drawn from the bank—
a sum small in comparison to its capital—every
effort was immediately put in operation to pio-
duee distress and embarrassment in the country.
While the bank thus put the screws down hard
upon the people, politicians, men m high places,
newspapers, the whole squadron of paid agents
and organs, spread an alarm that the country was
to be plurged into ruin by the removal of the de-
posites. Was not that conduct alone calculated
to produce the distress which was foretold?
Would it not alarm the capitalists of the country,
the men who had any superfluous money, and
prevent them from loaning to others? Unques-
tionably.
Behewng, as he himself did, that the fieedom
and independence of the people and the mainte-
nance of the Constitution depended on the issue
of this contest, he would not consent for himself,
and the State he represented, that they should be
influenced by the cry of alai m which had been
sent abroad The public distress was a fertile
theme for declamation; but could it be doubted
that politicians feed on this distress that it is the
fund fiom which they draw their arguments, and
they speculate on it to the greatest advantage?
Let the condition of the bank be as unjustifiable
as it could be, these gentlemen were uniformly
skeptical, and be the action of the Executive as
unexceptionable as it might, they could find noth-
ing to ¡ustify
There was another view which he was desirous
