1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
171
a wish to interrupt the debate, but to announce the
fact that he had ]ust witnessed an awful occurrence.
A distinguished member of the House of Repre-
sentatives, [Mr. Bodldin, of Virginia,] while m the
discharge of his cfiicial duties, and actually upon
tne flooi, addressing the Chan, had fallen from his
position, and then lay a corpse in the Hall'
The Senate then, on motion of Mr. PRESTON,
immediately adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Topsday, February 11, 1834
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill for the relief of George
Davenport, read twice and committed
Mr CLAY gave notice that he would, on Tues-
day next, move that the House go into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, on the
" bill to leduce and giadua'e the price of the pub-
lic lands," pursuant to instructions from the com-
mittee by whom tne bill was repoited.
Mr. WILLIAMS, fiom the Committee on Ter-
ritories, reported a bill lepeahng certain acts of the
Legislative Council of Florida, read twice and
committed.
PAYMENT OF PENSIONS.
Mr. POLK, fiom the Committee of Ways and
Means, leported "a bill to descnoe the mode of
payuig pensions heretofore granted by the United |
S ates," accompanied by a detailed report, as fol-
lows:                                                                               [
The Committee of Ways and Means, to whom
was referred the message of the President of the
Uflited States, of the 4 n of February, 1834, with i
the accompanying documents, commumcatiffg to I
Congress  the refusal of the Bank of the United
States to deliver over to the cider of the Secretary
of War, the books, papéis, and funds, connected
with the disbursements to be made under the act
of June, 1832, entitled " An act supplementary to
the act for the relief of certuni surviving officers
and soldiers of the Revolution"—
KEPORT :
That they have given to the subject all the con-
sideration which its mipoitance demands, as well
from its intrinsic character as from the class of
most meritorious persons whose interests may be
affected by the delay which may take place in the
payment of the sums íespectively due to them, m
consequence of the refusal of the Bank of the Uni-
ted States to deliver over the funds heretofore
provided by law foi their payment, together with I
the books and papers connected with «3 disburse- I
ment.                                                                              I
The bank, by the appointment of the Secretary
of War, has heretofore been the disbursing agent
of the Government, under the act of June 7,1832,
" for the relief of certain surviving officers and
soldieis of the Revolution " in ordinary circum-
stances, all disbursing officeis are responsible for
the faithful performance of the duty assigned them,
and aie removable by the Executive This con-
trol over them has been deemed essential to the
correct performance of their duty, as well as to the
just secunty of the public interests. The bank,
howevei, under the act of June 7, 1832, claims to
be the disnursing officer of the Government, Hide- j
pendent of the appointment of the Executive, to
hold the office by law, and to be beyond the power
of lemoval by the executive authonty. Such a
claim, to be supported, should be clearly estab-
lished, as it <a at variance with the general pun-
uples of the Constitution and laws.                           I
The committee, on an examination of the docu-
ments accompanying the President's menage, find
that an order was given by the Commissioner of
Pensions, whidí order was authorized by the Sec-
retary of War, for removing from the Bank of the
United States and iW branches, to the local bonks
of deposite, at places wheie such local banks had
been selected, the books, papers, and funds, lela-
ting to the execution of the ac' of June 7, 1832
Wi h this leqnsition the bank has declined a com-
pliance, on the ground that the bank is constituted
by law the agent for making payments undei the
act of 1832, and that the Secretai y of Wai has
consequently no right to transfer these duties to
any othei agent.                                                           i
The question is, therefoie, one of authority be- I
tween one of the departments of the Government
and the Bank of the United States, in which the
bank has undertaken to retain the money an.d other
property of the Government, until some measure,
¿egistative or judicial, can beadopted, whereby the
authority of the Executive over the public money
and property, and the right claimed by the bank
to retain them, can be determined, and provision
made for their ultimate disposition.
The committee are of opinion that the bank has
taken a position, and set up a claim to the posses-
sion of the funds, books, and.papers in question,
which cannot be supported. The opinion of the
Attorney General, communicated by the President,
contains a history of the agency of the bank in the
payment of pensions, and of claims under the act
of 1832, and also a full and, as the committee think,
a correct view of the law of the case. To this
opinion they refei,as gieatly diminishing then
labors on this part of the subject. It is conceded
that, by various legislative enactments, direct and
indirect, the bank was constituted the disbursing
agent for paying invalid and revolutionary pen-
sionéis prior to, and under the, act of March 18,
1818 The Secretary of War has given no direc-
tions for the change of this agency, and the bank
remains as it was, the disbursing officer for the
payment of pensions under these laws. But the
case is otherwise under the act of June 7, 1832.
Under that act the bank was not, by the terms, or
any fair construction of the law, constituted the
disbursing agent for paying the annuities which it
granted. That act is supplementary to the act
" for the relief of certain officers and soldiers of
the army oí the Revolution,"passed May 15, IS^S
These two acts form parts of th& same system
The act of 1832 has reference to that of 1&28, and
the phraseology of both is nearly identical. They
pro\ide for making payments for the surviving
officers and soldiers ot the revolutionary army, in
consideration of services, and the sums to be paid
are denominated pay, and before any paymem.
car  be made under either of these laws, if the
persons claiming their benefitare already receiving
pensions under former laws, such pensions are
required to be relmquished4 No wounds are re-
quired to entitle a man to this " monthly pay,"
as they are agieeably to the system of the invalid
pension laws, nor is poverty essential to this aid, as
it is under the acts of March 18, 1818, and the act
of May 1, 1820, supplementary thereto. But the
whole claim seems to be placed on the ground of
services, and in consideration of them the " an-
nuity" is given and received. The execution of
both these acts was confided to the Secretary of
the Treasury, and that officer was authorized to
cause the payments to be made at such times and
places as he thought proper The act of 1828 pro-
vides "that the pay allowed by this act shall,
under the direction of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, be paid to the officer or soldier entitled there-
to, or to their authorized attorney, at such places
and days as the said Secietary may direct " Theact
of 1832 provides "that the pay allowed by this
act shall, under the direUion of the Secietary of
the Treasury, be paid to the officer, non-eom-
missioned officer, musician, or private, entitled
thereto, or his or their authorized attorney, at
such places and limes as the Secretary of the Tieastiry
may direct." And both acts contain a permanent
appropriation of the sums necessary to carry them
into effect. The Secretai y of the Treasury, under
the authon'y given by the act of 1828, has caused
the payment to be made at the Treasury d.rectly
to the individuals entitled The bank never had
any agency whatever under this law, nor is it
known to the committee that they ever interposed
any claim to make these payments. It is veiy
clear that, if the payments under the act of 1S28
could be made at the Treasury, or a' such other
plice as the Secietary of the Treasury might direct,
without the intervention of the bank as the flis-
bursms asent, so could the payments under the
act of 1832 be made in ¡ike mannei, had the execu-
tion of the actrof 1832 remained with the Secretai y
of the Treasury The execution oí this act was,
however, by a joint íesolutionof June 28th, 1832,
devolved upon the Seci etai y of Wai, and the duties
which the act required lo be perfoimed by the
Secre'ary of theTieasury were " transferred to the
Secretary of War." The Secretai y of War was,
by this íesolution,clothed with the same authoilty
to make payments to those entitled under the act
of 1832, at such times and places as he might
direct, as was previously possessed by the Secie-
tary of the Treasuiy. In whatever mode the pay-
ments could have been made by the Treasury De-
partment previous to the adoption of the resolution
of June 28tn, 1832, m the same mode they can be
made at the War Department after theadoptionof
that resolution. The whole business, then, was
to be done under the " direction "of the Secretary
of War, and the payments made at such " limes
and places" as he may direct. It will not be dis-
puted that the words of the law confer upon the
Secretary of War a general supervisory authority
over the payments to be made under it. They
authorize the payments to be made whensoever,
wheresoever, and by whomsoever the Secietary
may direct. If the Secretary were to direct the
payments to be made at the Treasury, (as by the
law he has a clear right to do,) it surely cannot be
maintained that an agent of the bank must stand
by to receive the money and pass it over to those
entitled. It surely cannot be contended that the
money is not properly disbursed, unless it first
pass through the hands of the bank. If the Sec-
retary of War thinks the convenience of those
entitled to pay under this act, or the public mtei est
requires that places of payment should be desig-
nated where there are no branches of the United
States Bank, may the bank, by refusing to estab-
lish an agency at such places, (and there is no
law requiring them to do so,) defeat the contem-
plated airangement' It appeals to thecommittee
that the power confided to the Secretary of War,
to designafe times and placa of payment, neces-
sarily includes the authority to select the persons
who aie to act as agents in making the payments,
as without such authority the power to direct the
Lines and places of payment would be wholly
nugatory.
The committee are Of opinion that upon no cor-
rect principles can the bank claim the legal right
to make these payments—either in their character
of commissionera of loans, or as disbursing agent
of the Government The charter does not con-
fer on the bank the right of being in all cases the
agent for the payment of pensions. It reserves
to Congress the power to impose on the bank the
duty which uas before performed by the com-
missioners of loans; and as those commissioners,
at the date of the bank charter, performed the
duties of agent for paying the invalid pensions,
the reservation in the chai ter authorized Congress
to impose that duty on the bank. But Congress
may or may not, at its own pleasure, exercise the
power it has thus reserved. The bank can have
no right to demand its exercise The charter,
therefore, in this respect, confers no right on the
bank. It merely reserves to Congress the power
to impose a duty, and the duty of the bank in
this particular cannot be more extensive than
the laws passed subsequently to the charter shall
be found to require of it. The act of the 3d of
March, 1817, made it Jie duty of the bank to
pay, as agent, the pensions which, before that
time, were paid by the commissioners of loans;
but it does not require that all the pensions after-
waids created shall be paid in like manner by the
bank. Its provisions are expressly confined to
the duties which weie then perfoimed by the
commissioners of loans, and no allusion is made
in the law to pensions which may afterwards be
created The act of 1818 directs the pensions
which it gave to be paid in the same manner as
pensions to nnahds had before that tune bee'i
paid, and it is by virtue of this provision that the
bank pays the pensioners under this law. But
this act, like that of 1817, makes no general pro-
vision on the subject of paying pensions It
directs the mannei in which the paiticular pensions
it created should be paid; but it does nothing
more
Fiom this statement it appears that the duty of
pension agent has been imposed on the bank by
law, in those cases where the pensions were given
by the act of 1818, or by some previous act of
Congress. But it is not the duty of the bank to
act as pension agent in relation to pensions created
since the law of 1818, unless some subsequent act
of Congress has imposed that duty on it
If, then, it be assumed that the payments under
the act oí 1832 are to be regarded as pensions,
