1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
175
citizens of Illinois, relative to a preemption law,
which was laid on the table.
Mi NAUDAlN,frorn the Committee on Claims,
asked to be discharged from thefuithei considera-
tion of the petition of E. Y. Dyer, and that it be
referred to the Committee on tne Judiciary, which
was so ordered.
Mr NAUDAIN, from the same committee,
asked to be discharged from the further consider
ation of the memorial of William Waller, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs; which was agreed to.
Mr. WRtGrHT presented the memorial of about
3,000 mechanics and artisans of the city of New
York, ascribing the deranged state of the currency
to the removal of the deposites, which was read,
referred to the Committeeon Finance,and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. McKEAN presented the proceedings of a
numerous meeting of the Democratic citizens of the
third congressional district of Pennsylvania, in op-
position to the recharter of the Bank of the United
States, and the restoration of the public deposites
Mr McKEAN also presented the proceedings
of Democratic citizens of Philadelphia, of the same
tenor.
Mr. McKEAN also presented the proceedings
of citizens of Spring Garden, Philadelphia, in favor
of restoring the deposites.
Mr. McKEAN also piesented similar proceed-
ings of inhabitants of the Northern Liberties, Phil-
adelphia.                     *
Mr McKEAN also presented a memorial signed
by 500 citizens of Philadelphia, of the like tenor,
with the memorial presented by him on Tuesday,
in favor of a restoration of the deposites
Mr«McKEAN also presented the memorial of
1,100 citizens of Moyamensing, county of Philadel-
phia, opposed to the removal of the deposites.
Mr. McKEAN also presented the memorial of
a number of the inhabitants of the county of
Schuylkill, Pennsylvania, opposed to the Bank of
the United States, and against the restoration of
the deposites
Mr. McKEAN also presented a memorial of the
inhabitants of Tamaqua, Pennsylvania, m favor of
the restoration of the deposites
The several proceedings and memorials Were
read and referred to the Committee on Finance,
and ordered to be printed
Mr. FORSYTH asked and obtained leave to
withdraw the papers of Isaac B Robeits
Mr. TIPTON, from the select committee to
whom was referred the propnety of admitting
Michigan and Arkansas into the Union, reponed
a bill forming a Teintorial Government for Wis-
consin, which was read twice and commuted
Petitions and memorials weie piesented by
Messrs LINN, EWING, KNIGHT, SHEP-
LEY, and TIPTON
The following re&olutions were submitted-
By Mr. HENDRICKS:
Resolved, That the Committeeon Revolutionary
Claims be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of paying John Peck the balance of interest due on
three final-settlement certificates, and which is
withh eld at the Treasury in consequence of an en or
m the act of the last session of Congress (No. 445)
" for the relief of John Peck."
By Mr LINN-
Resolved, That the Committee on Claims be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of making
an appropriation to pay the^laim of the heirs and
legal representatives of the late Mr Spencer Pettis
for services rendered the United States by said
Pettis
The Senate then, on motion of Mr. MANGUM,
took up for consideration the memoual and reso-
lutions submitted by him on Tuesday last, fi om a
meeting of citizens in the western part of North
Carolina, in relation to the removalofthedeposites
The motion was agi eed to, and thereupon a pro-
tracted debate ensued, which continued till half
past four o'clock, in which Messrs. FORSYTH,
WEBSTER, CLAY, BROWN, WRIGHT,
PRESTON, and WILKINS, participated.
The Senate then adjourned till Monday next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 14,1834.
Mr. WISE, of Virginia, asked leave of the
House to occupy the floor for a few moments, on
a subject personally relating to himself. Leave
being granted, Mr WISE said—
Mr. Speaker: I ask the indulgence of this
House, at its first meeting since the melancholy
occasion of the funeral of my lamented colleague,
[Judge Bouluin,] whilst I discharge a delicate and
solemn duty to ins memory and myself. His
death, so sudden, and so shocking to all, was
peculiarly distressing to me. It hapoened at a
moment when he was about to reply to what he
termed my " icbuke" to him. I hope it is not im-
proper for me now to state to members, his family
and friends, and my own, that there was not the
slightest emotion of unkind feeling between us at
the time he expired. Sir, when I had the hono>-
of addressing this House, but the other day, on the
momentous question which so excited his ardent
mind, and which still agitates this nation, as a
father to a young colleague, he sat by my side, and
gave me the cheering encouragement of his coun-
tenance and his smile When I alluded to the fact
that the death of his illustrious predecessor had
not been announced to this House, I bowed to his
veneiable person, and disavowed the intention to
"icbuke htm" who filled theseat of Mr Randolph
with honor to himself and usefulness to the coun-
try. But the day before he was cut down in the
midst of his usefujness, we met in this Hall, and
had a free and friendly conversation, which left
nothing, on either side, unexplained. And I am
confident that, if he had been spared but a few words
moie, he would have left no room for misunder-
standing the relations in which we stood to each
other My object in making the allusion which I
did to the death of Mr. Randolph, was solely what
I professed at the time, sincerely disclaiming any
pei sonaheflection upon my colleague, who, I never
doubted, had good and sufficient reasons for fail-
ing to perform what seemed to be his appropuate
duty These reasons have s.nce been made pub-
lic. He said he Would announce them fully when
he came to speak on the deposite question Alas '
little did he anticipate that death would seal his
lips and bury him, too, m silence, before he should
finish what he meant to have said on the death
of his piedecessor1 I have the consolation to
know, that he died with a full knowledge that I
intended no wound to his feelings, and no re-
proach to his conduct. And it becomes me to
pay my humble tribute tohismemoiy when dead,
as 1 paid him the homage of my respect, and con-
fidence, and admiration, when living. I became
acquainted with him late in the session, and from
that time until the moment he expired in the pub-
lic service on this floor—a glonoub dea'h it was '—
I have the proud satisfaction of believing that I
daily increased in his good will, whilst I know he
grew in my affections and in my estimation as a
noble, generous, and warm-hearted friend, an able
and honest and useful man, and a bold and tiue
patriot, who " had done the State some service "
He is gone'—lamented by none here more than
by one who is, comparatively, a strargei to all his
merits, his high worth, and exalted virtues, and
whose feivent prayer to Heaven now is, that his
departed spirit is reposing m peace in the bosom
of his God '
Mr CONNOR, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, made a report upon the res-
olution íeferred to that committee relative to the
failure of the mails between the cities of Washing-
ton and Boston. Laid on the table, and ordered
to be punted, together with the accompanying
communication of the Postmaster General
Mi CHILTON, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, íepoited a bill for the relief of John Col-
lins     Read twice, and committed
Mr CARR, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
George Gordon, assignee and representative of
Matthew Rennie, deceased Read twice, and
oidered to be engrossed
Mr LANSING reported a bill for the rehef of
the hens and sureties of Melancthon W. Bostick,
deceased     Read twice, and committed
The resolution fiom the Committee on Roads
and Canals for information relative to the Potomac
bridge, was taken up, and, on motion of Ml.
MERCER, laid on the table
The íesolution from the committee relative to
the Rules of the House was taken up, on motion
of Mr. MERCER, and postponed to arid made
tue order of the day for Monday next.
Several resolutions for inquiry, heretofore of-
fered, were considered and agreed to.
The following íesolution, submitted on the 6th
instant by Mr. Lewis,of Alabama, was taken up:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs
be instructed to inquire whether the provisions of
the treaty of March, 1832, with the Creek tribe of
Indians, in the State of Alabama, be inconsistent
with the sovereign right of jurisdiction of said
State within its limits, and whether the execution
of said treaty has so far conflicted, or is likely to
conflict, with the operation of the laws of said
State over the country ceded by such treaty, and
if so, to inquire whether some act of legislation
consistent with the rights of said Indians may not
be necessary to preventsuch conflict,and that said
committee have leave to report by bill or otherwise.
On the reading of the resolution,
Mr McKlNLEY said that as the subject was
amicably adjusted which was contained in the res-
olutions, he thought it better that it should be
noticed no further. He therefore moved that the
resolutions be laid on the table-, but he withdrew it
immediately at the request of Mr. Lewis.
Mr. LEWIS did not believe that the subject
was yet amicably adjusted, as he had received a
letter from the Secretary of War that the removal
of the Indians had been postponed from the ]5th
of January, till the 16th of March, and that by that
time the lands would be disposed of, so that it
would not be neeessary to execute the orders of
Government by military force. He hoped so; but
still, as the resolution was one of inquiry, he
trusted ltwould he permitted to go to the Commit-
teeon Indian Affans. It might still be a question of
peace or war, and he did not wish it to be subject
to the eontrol of the President or his subordinate
officers The act of 1827 he considers unconsti-
tutional.
Mr. McKlNLEY considers the question is not
now of impoitance to the State of Alabama He
aoes not agree with many of the expressed opin-
ions of the President, and was with many of those
who thought with his colleague, [Mr. Lewis ]
Yet he considered it extremely injudicious to go into
the question while the causes of complaint—the
invasion of the sovereign rights of Alabama within
her own State—were likely to be obviated by the
removal of the Indians. When an amicable settle-
ment of the question was thus likely to be effected,
it was not necessaiy to refer to any committee—r
pprticularly considering the temper displayed by
his colleague in moving its reference—making it
uncertain what action might be had by a commit-
tee He considered that the act of 1827 had
nothirg to do with the question.
Mr LEWIS said that the removal of the In-
dians is not the only difficulty apprehended.
Mr McKlNLEY havirg renewed his motion
to have the resolution laid on the table,
Mi LEWIS demanded the ayes and noes on
the question, which being agreed to by the House,
the division resulted in 107 ayes and 88 noes to
lay it on the table
The SPEAKER laid before the House com-
munications from the Piesident, in conformity to
resolutions for information, adopted on the 8th
instant and the lGui ultimo, which, on the motion
of Mr ADAMS, of Massachusetts, was refened
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered
to be printed
The SPEAKER presented also the annual ac-
count from the Secretary of War relative to the
seivice of pubhc contracts, and from the Depart-
ment of War a communication m answer to the
resolution adopted on the 27th ultimo
A bill from the Senate was read a third time and
passed, nuthonzirg G B Lamar, of Georgia, to
import iron for steamboats and machinery, to be
used in the inland navigation, fieeof duty.
A bill for the relief of Arnold Henry Dohrman,
was, aftei some emendments were'made thereto,
read a third time and passed
The bill for the relief of the representatives of
Walter Livingston, deceased, was read a thud
time and nassed
The bill to pi ovule for the sett'ement of com-
mutation and other revolutionary claims was read
a third time    The question being on its passage,
