184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 18,
officers of the Treasury, of a payment made by the i
Bank of the Un.ted States, under instructions from
the Commissioner of Pensions, referred to in the
letter of the President of the Bank of the United
States to the Secretary of War, of the 23d of Jan-
uary last; and copies of all the correspondence
between the War and Treasury Department and
the Bank of the United States relating thereto.
Mr. PAGE reported a bill for the relief of the
admmistiators of Charles Williams.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON reported a bill for the
final adjustment of land claims in Louisiana and
the Territories of Florida and Arkansas. Also,
for the heirs of Ugene Jenet; which were tead
twice, and committed.
Mr. CARR, from the Committee on Piivate
Land Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
the citizens oí the reserved townships in Monroe
county, Indiana, reported a bill for their relief,
granting them a quantity of land for the use of
schools in said township, in lieu of the lGih sec-
tion msaid township, which was granted by Con-
gress to the State for the use and benefit of a State
college; which bill was read twice, and committed
to a Committee of the Whole House, and made
the order of the day for to-morrow, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. CARR, from the same committee, asked to
be disctiaiged from the further consideration of the
application of the representatives of Louis Tesson,
alias Horor.i; which, upon motion, was ordered to
lie on the table.
The House then took up the resolution submit-
ted by Mr. Gilmer, of Georgia.
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to communicate to this House all coirespondence
which he may have had, or information in his pos-
session, in relation to the death of Haidemnn
Owens, a citizen of Alabama, who was lately put
to death by a party of regular soldiers; whether
said Owens was put to death in pmsuance of ordeis
from the War Depaitment, or any officer of the
United States; and that he also communicate to
this House any coirespondence which he may
have had, or other information in his possession,
in relation to any obstructions thrown m the way
of the execution of the process of the courts of
Alabama, issued for the purpose of bringing to
trial those by whom said Owens was killed; and
any correspondence m relation to the íemoval of
said prosecutions to the district court of the United
States.
Mr. BEARDSLEY having the floor from the
previous day, gave way to Mr. Clay.
Mr CLAY said, when he submitted some brief
remaiks on this subject the other day, owing to
the genet al terms of the íesolution, and his inability
to hear the remarks of the gentleman fiom Geor-
gia, at the distance hie was from him, he objected
to the resolution, because he did not perceive that
its adoption would lead to the attainment of any
practical purpose. But Mi. C. said, that, as he
understood from remarks subsequently made by
lus colleague, [Mr Lewis,] that the widow and
childien of the deceased had suffered injury, in the
loss of piopeity, and that facts might be elicited
by the resolution which might lead to lestitution;
and as he had moreover understood that the effi-
cers in command of Foit Mitchell were charged
with having sent off beyond the jurisdiction of the
courts of Alabama, or facilitated the escapeof the
soldier or soldiers (haiged with the homicide, he
should withdiaw all opposition to the mquny
sought A practical purpose is now said to be
within the scope of the resolution, and he hoped
it would be adopted by general consent
Mr C also said, he would take this occasion to
roriect an error m'o which he was now informed
lie had fallen, when he submitted the remarks allu-
ded to the othei day. Mr C said he had then
admitted what he believed to be true, IhatMajm Mc-
intosh had, in Ihe fiisl instance, íesisted m tbsb ucled
lite exeii'hMi of pioccss uithm the foil, but that he
had been fiiomptly ia«tiucted by the Secretary of
Wm not only to submit to process himself, but to
afford all the facility in his power for its execution
upon otheis under his command. Mi.C. said he
had since been ¡nfnimed, by a gentleman entitled
to implicit confidence, that he had done injustice
to Miijoi Mcintosh, who (as Mi. C's infoimant
said; .icvüi had iesis'ed or obstiucted the execu-
tion of process in the case alluded to. This ex-
planation (Mr. C. said) was due to Major Mcin-
tosh, and he made it with pleasure. We should,
however, be correctly informed when the resolu-
tion came to be answered.
Mr. BEARDSLEY said, that as it seemed to
be the general wish that the resolution should be
adopted, he would not oppose it, although he did
not approve of the adoption of resolutions of this
character. It was, however, clear that the time
of the House ought not to be wasted in debating
it, and he was therefore induced to move the pre-
vious question.
The House refused to second the call—ayes 98,
noes 104.
Mr. HARDIN then said that he understood that
Mr. Owens had been living quietly and peaceably
on the lands, when he was shot down by a party
of the military, acting under the order of a higher
authority, and, under these circumstances, the
House were surely bound to ascertain by what
authority he was thus put to death He contended
that the rights of the United States over the lands
ceded by the Indians to them, gave them no other
rights than those which should devolve upon in-
dividuals purchasing; if Owens, then, was killed
for merely living on the Indian lands, upon what
principle could his death be justified ? Whoever
did the act, although in obedience to orders, was
guihy—the soldiers, as well as the deputy mar-
shal, oi the peison who directed the deputy mar-
shal. Yet, under the circumstances, the gentle-
man fiom Alabama [Mr. Clay] could not see any
practical object to result from the adoption of the
resolution
Mr. CLAY remarked that he had not been
heard by the member, when this day he withdrew
his objections to it.
Mr. HARDIN resumed and said, that he wanted
to know who issued the orders; that whatever
was his situation, who had directed such measures,
or whoilared to issueoiders to shoot a man down
merely because he was living on the public fands
of the Government, should be held accountable for
it. It behooved every man to condemn such con-
duct. He did not know whether the act had
originated with tne maishal or with the officer
commanding; but whoever was the cause, him
only the resolution would affect
Another part of this tiunsaction to which he
wished toadvert,and which lequned investigation,
was the attempt to transplant the proceedings in
this case from the judicial tubunals of Alabama
to the Federal couits He denied this rieht, and
contended that the jiarnes should be tned for the
offence by the State courts of Alabama Theie
appeared to be a disposition to extend the judiciary
system of the Federal Government into the States;
but the Geneial Goveinrrent had no light to ex
tend it. If this was peimated, he thought they
might as well take away the State governments
at once He would vote for the resolution, as an
outrage had been committed, by which the life of
a citizen was violated, and which it was the duty
of the House to have investigated.
Mr. MARDISdid not use to discuss the merits
of theiesolution,as this did not appear tobe neces-
sary. The honoiable member [Mr. Hardin] was
discussing a subject which there did notajipear to
be anv objection made to have inquired into. Did
not that member recollect that by going into it
now he was prejudging the case of some indi-
viduals' He hoped that theie would not be any
further discussion upon it, and that the íesolution
would be adopted unanimously.
Mr. WILDE deprecated unnecessary discus-
sion as much as any membei, but he must use to
jirotebt against the giound upon which Ihe reso-
lution was advocated by some gentlemen. The
argument wat-, that the resolution was to giant
restitution of property. It was not, it seemed, to
be to make inquiry why a citizen's life was taken
away The time was passed, that it was enough
to say, I am a Roman citizen, or that the deathof
an American citizen did not furnish ground for
inquiry
The resolution was then agreed to.
The íesolution submitted bv Mr. MERCER,
relative to the duties of the committees, was post-
poned until Tuesday next.
The resolution submitted by Mi   SEVIER, to
suspend patents of lands, and that submitted by
Mr. FOOT, to organize the Tieasury Department,
were agreed to.
The resolution submitted by Mr. MARDIS, to
instruct the Committee of Ways and Means to
report a bill regulating the deposites of the public
money, coming up in its order,
Mr. MARDtS was prevented from addressing
the House by the expiration of the hour for morn-
ing business, and the House proceeded to the order
of the day, being the
REMOVAL OF THE  DEPOSITES.
The House resumed the consideration of the
motion to refer the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury on the deposites to the Committee of
WaysandMeans,thequestion beingon theamend-
ment submitted by Mr. Jones, as an amend men'
to that previously submitted by Mr. MoDuffie
viz: to add to the motion for lef'erence the follow
ing instructions to that committee: " Inquire into
* the expediency of depositing the revenue hereafter
' collected in the State banks, in the different
•States where the same is collected, in proportion
•to their respective-capitals paid in, and to pre-
' scribe the terms on which the same shall be
' deposited; and to report by bill or otherwise."
Mr. MUHLENBERG rose and said, that this
was merely a preliminary,question, the decision
of which would not affect the decision of the main
question. It was merely a question whether the
subject should go to the committee, with or with-
out instructions. The question had been under
consideration the greater part of seventy days, and
he thought it quite time to decide it The country
was calling for it in every direction. He felt com-
pelled, therefore, from an imperious sense of'duty
to call for the pievious question.
Mr. CHILTON asked a call of the House.
The SPEAKER stated that the call of the Housi
was not in order, as there was a motion for the
previous question,-which was not \et decided.
The question was now whether the House would
second the motion for the previous question.
Mr. WILDE said, there was a pnnciple of
courtesy which was above any consideration upon
which the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Muhlenbfrg] had made his motion for the pie-
vious question. He considered that aftei what
had been said in the debate, m relation to his con-
nexion with the Committee of Ways and Means,
that he had a light to expect from the House an
opportunity of being heard. By the couitesy of
the House he was entitled- to make a reply to some
of those who had participated in the debate. He,
tlverefoie, appealed to the gentleman for the with-
drawal of his motion.
Mr. CHILTON appealed from the decision of
the Chair on the question of ordei, and he argued
at some length to prove that a call of the House
could be required at any time
The SPEAKER went fully into the grounds of
the decision, stated that the practice of ihe House
had not been uniform, and expressed a wish that
the House would now solemnly settle the ques-
tion.
Mr. BURGES said there was no good reison
for not calling the House befoie the seconding of
the previous question. If there was a necessity
for the call, it existed before the motion for the
previous question was put
After some remarks fiom Mr. HARDIN, Mr.
CHILTON wiihdrew his appeal.
Mr. J. a ADAMS renewed the appeal He
thought, he said, that the decision of the Chair
was incorrect. It appeared to him that if theie
was ever an occasion for the presence of all the
members, it was precisely when the pievious
question was demanded. The decision of the
Speaker rested on the technical const]uction of the
íule, and he thought it ought to be reversed.
The SPEAKER said, that he was never more
satisfied with the coirectness of a decision than
that which he had now given. He was perfectly '
satisfied that it was correct, according to the rules
and usages of the House. But he only felt solicit-
ous for the distinct settlement of the quest'on, as
it was one of much importance in reference to the
futu. e despatch of business*
M. FOSTER.Mr VINTON,Mr GOOLSON,
and Mr. CLAYTON, also made some remarksjn
