198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 25,
after some remarks by Mr. W. and Mr. CLAY,
was read, referred to the Committee on Finance,
and ordered to be printed.
The following; resolutions were submitted:
By Mr. CLAYTON:
Resolved, That the Postmaster Genera! be di-
rected to report to the Senate the amount of money
that has been received by the Post Office Depart-
ment, on account of postage which was due and
unpaid on the 1st of July, 1828; and also, the
amount received, which was due and unpaid, for
postage, on the l3tof April, 1829; and that he also
state the amount still unpaid of the sums due at
the above periods.
By Mr. CLAYTON:
'Resolved, That the Secretary of the Department
of War be directed to inform the Senatei what
changes in and additions to the list of pension
agents, appointed on the 21 of January last, have
been made by that Department; what security has
been required and given by every pension agent
appointed by the Department; and that he lay be-
fore the Senate copies of all correspondence be-
tween any such agents and the said Department,
since the 30th of January last; copies of all cor-
respondence, since that date, between the said
Department and other persons, relative to the
responsibility o/ any of those agents; and copies
of all correspondence, since that date, between the
said Department and the Bank of the United States,
in relation to the payment of pensions, under the
act of June 7, 1832.
Mr. MANGUM presented the petition of one
hundred citizens of Newbern, North Carolina,
against the removal of the deposites; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance, and ordered
to be printed
On motion of Mr. MANGUM, the resolutions
from Burke county, North Carolina, on the subject
of the deposites, were taken up.
A long and animated debate ensued, in which
Messrs. MANGUM, BROWN, FORSYTH,
CHAMBERS, and PORTER, participated; a
sketch of which it is impossible to give, owing to
the lateness of the hour at which the Senate ad-
journed.
The proceedings were referred to the Committee
on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WEBSTER rose, not for the purpose of
discussing this question, but (as he said) to move
to postpone all the orders, for the purpose of taking
up the appropriation bill which had passed the
House of Representatives, providing for the pay-
ment of pensioners.    It was cum omary to pass all
appropriations, as a matter of course, with as little
delay as possible, to the postponement of other
business.   But before the bill was taken up, he !
would embrace this occasion  to allude to a para-
graph which had appeared in a newspaper.    Al-
though it was not customary for him to notice here i
publications in the newspapers published in Wash-
ington, yet. he desired to call attention to a paitic- Í
ulat- article which appeared in the Globe of Satur- I
day last.    It is as follows:                                         1
"THE VETERANS OF THE REVOLUTION,     j
" It has now become quite apparent that the I
' majority of the Senate of the United Scates intend '
' to second the efTort of Nicholas Biddle, to prevent !
' the revolutionary pensioners from receiving their !
' half-yearly dues on the 4th day of Marrh.   The i
' appropriation bill passed the House of Represen t-
' atives nearly three weeks ago, providing money
' for this object, and was sent to the Senaie.  Ever
' since that time it has quietly remained in thepos-
' session of that notable Committee on Finance, ,
' which the other day was so prompt in makingan
' elaborate report in a few hours after reference i
' of Mr. Clay's resolution on the deposites.    Mr.
' Webster is chairman of the committee, all of
' whom, save one person, is hostile to the Presi-
' dent.    It is well known that these appropriation
' bills, when time draws nigh for disbursement, are
' privileged  bills, and  are generally passed   by  ;
' unanimous consent.   If the object be not to cre-
' ate new embarrassment—to grieve and distress
'the warworn  soldiers of the Revolution, that1
« thereby it may be shown the Bank of the United ,j
'States is more potent than  the Government—  i
' what does Mr. Weu iek mean by keeping this j
' bill in his pocket?"                                                   *\
Now, before he said anything more, he would
ask of the Secretary when the bill was brought
into the Senate from the other House?
[The Secretary replied on the 6th February,
and v/as reported by the Committee on Finance
of the Senate on the 11th February.]
Mr. WEBSTER continued. The 6th of Febru-
ary came on Thursday—the days on which the
Committee on Finance meet are, Tuesday and
Thursday. So that, on Tuesday following its ref-
erence, it was deliberated on, agreed to, and re-
ported the very sameday to the Senate. Occasion
was taken at the very first meeting of the commit-
tee to act on the bill. But this was not all. The
gentleman who is connected with this press has
reporters in this House, engaged in reporting the
proceedings of the Senate, and he would no v turn
to the Globe of the 10th February, where it is thus
stated: " Mr. Webster, from the Committee on
Finance, reported the appropriation bill from the
House of Representatives, providing for payment
of pensions." This gentleman has received from
the journal of the Senate information that this bill
was reported, and then says, on Saturday, the22d,
that Mr. Webster kept this bill in his private
pocket. He supposed it possible that this state-
ment was made with ignorance of the fact. It was
not possible that it could be made "with justice as
to motives. He would not now say anything in
regard to it. It would be seen, first, whether this
denial and disproof should be as widely circulated
as the charge which has been made, and then it
would be seen whether this example would not
teach something more of prudence and caution in
the publication of remarks upon the proceedings
of the Senate. He had thought it proper to say
this much out of respect to the Senate. He felt as
if he should have been treating this body with dis-
respect, if he had acted in the way which had been
imputed to him; and hewould have despised him-
self, and been unworthy the confidence of honor-
able men, if he could have been capable of such
conduct.
He moved to take up the bill, and pass it.
The bill was accordingly taken up, and passed.
Mr. GRUNDY stated that a vacancy had oc-
curred in the Committee on the Post Office and
j Post Roads, by the resignation of an honorable
| Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Rives;] and, as the
committee were desirous of having the vacancy
filled, he moved the Senate go into an election.
Mr. CHAMBERS, adverting to the fact of the
lateness of the hour, and the absence of several I
members, hoped the election would be deferred__j
not that he thought it important. Hedidnotsup- i
pose it would be a party vote; and,for himself, he i
was perfectly satisfied 'that the chairman of the I
committee shou!d himself make the selection; but i
it is an act of courtesy to absent Senators not to '
go into the election at this hour.                                I
Some   other   conversation   occurred    between I
Messrs. CHAMBERS, EWING, and GRUN-
DY, when the Senate decided to go into the elec-
tion; but, while preparing the ballots,
Oa motion of Mr. CLAYTON,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 25, 1834.
Mr. J. a. ADAMS asked the House to sus-
pend the rule, for the. purpose of introducing a
resolution.    Leave refused.
Mr. WHITTLESEY,of Ohio, from the Com-
mittee on Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
Joseph Cooper.   Read twice and committed.
Mr. CHILTON, from the select committee, to
which was referred the inquiry into the expedi-
ency of extending theprovisions ofthepension acts
to the surviving officers and soldiers who were en-
gaged in the wars with the Indians till the treaty
of Grenville.in 1795, made a report, accompanied
by a bill to extend the provisions of the act enti-
tled "An act for the relief of the surviving revolu- !
tionary officers and soldiers, "passed in 1833.  The '
bill was read twice and committed, and the bill i
and report ordered to be printed.
Mr. CONNOR, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, made a report in answer to '
a resolution of the 17th of December last.    Laid ''
on the table, and ordered to be printed.                    |
Mr. EVANS, from the committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill granting pensions to cer-
tain persons therein named. Read twice, and com-
mitted.
Mr. ADAMS, of New York, from the same
committee, reported a bill for the relief of Josiah
Westcott. Read twice, and ordered to be com-
mitted.
Mr. DUNCAN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported a bill for the relief of sundry
citizens of Arkansas, who had lost improvements
by the stipulations of the treaty between the United
States and the Choctaw Indians. Read twice, and
committed.
Mr. CARR, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, asked to be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the petition of Simon Rodri-
gues, and, on his motion, it was ordered to be laid
on the table.
Mr. CARR, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Len-
froi Latiolais; which was read twice by its title,
and committed toaCommittee of the Whole House,
and made the order of the day for to-morrow, and
printed.
THE PUBLIC DEPOSITES.
The House resumed the consideration of the
following resolutijui, offered by Mr. Mardis, of
Alabama:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of reporting a bill requiring the Secretary of the
Treasury to deposite the public moneys of the
United States in the State banks; and, also, as to
the expediency of defining by law all contracts
hereafter to be made with the Secretary for the
safe-keeping, management, and disbursement of
the same.
Mr. MARDIS resumed his remarks. ' In sub-
stituting the State banks for the Bank of the United
States, he would compel the deposite banks to col-
lect and disburse the revenue of the United States
in the same manner in which it was now dischar-
ged by the United States Bank. They should be
required to make weekly statements to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury of the amount of their capital
stock; of the notes in circulation; of the private
deposites; of the notes discounted; of the debts
due, (fee. On their failing to discharge any of their
duties, or.on their issuing too large an amount of
notes, or on refusing to pay specie for their notes,
then they should cease to be deposite banks. So
long as they conformed to all these regulations,
their notes should be received in payment of any
dues to the United States. He contended that
notes of these banks, thus circumstanced, with le-
gal guards and checks, would furnish the country
with as sound a currency as has ever been fur-
nished by the United States Bank.
But it was said that these notes of local banks
would be payable nowhere but at the banks from
which they were issued. True, the notes of the
Bank of Mobile would be payable only in Mobile;
so with other local bank notes. But was not this
the case in reference to the United States Bank and
its branches? Were not the notes of the several
branches payable only in the offices of those
branches? If they had been paid or taken elsewhere
by the bank, it was only a matter of courtesy, and
not of right. If the United States Bank and its
branches had taken each other's notes, it was not
from a disposition to accommodate the community
to their own injury; for as far as we had experi-
enced, that bank had never failed to avail itself
of every advantage which offered. His object was
to establish the fact that it is credit given to the
United States Bank notes by the Government,
coupled with the facilities afforded to it by the pub-
lic deposites, to which the general currency of the
United States Bank notes was owing. Would not
the same causes produce the same effects in regard
to the notes of the deposite banks? Had the United
States Bank ever failed to benefit itself by any
operation of its power? Look at the premiums
exacted on local exchange. If you apply at the
bank in Philadelphia for a draft on the branch at
New Oileans, and pay them in their own notes,
they will charge a premium on the draft. They
demand the same premium on the exchange which
the brokers in Philadelphia demand. If it was
merely a spirit of accommodation which induced
