1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
203
proves that the security is fallacious. Sir, he is
mistaken. The bill-holder, the depositor,and the
whole community, with the exception of the stock-
holder, is ultimately perfectly safe, unless every
bank subject to the system be broken and destroy-
ed. The fund may not be large enough inpresenti,
but the contributions must continue until the c)aim3
of the bill-holders and depositors are fully paid.
What, then, is the difference between this system
and the ordinary system, where there is no such
security ? I hold the notes of an insolvent bank
which has stopped payment. I cannot, in either
case, get coin for my notes; but if they be safety
fund notes, I will eventually get dollar for dollar,
'and if they be not, I will get nothing. This is the
simple difference, and this is the system which the
gentleman thinks so mischievous and dangerous.
I am not disposed to discuss with him the ques-
tion whether these banks, by being made thus
measurably responsible for each other, are more
or less safe. I will only say that, if it be proper for
legislation to consult any other object than that of
Ailing the pocket of the stockholders, any portion
of safety transferred from a bank to the bill-hold-
ers, the depositors and the community in general,
is not objectionable to me. Such is the object of
the safety fund system of New York, and I verily
believe that in consulting the safety of the public,
it has, in the best manner, consulted the greatest
safety of the banks.
[Mr. EWING here made some reply to what
had been said by Mr. W\]
Mr. WRIGHT said he would relieve the gentle-
man; he did not answer his main argument be-
cause he could not believe that it required an an-
swer. The argument was, that making these
safety fund banks mutually responsible for each
other, prevented them from keeping that salutary
guard over each other's transactions, and especial-
ly over each other's issues, which banks in no way
connected with, but acting as rivals to each other,
■would keep. The statement of the proposition
seemed to him to be a sufficient answer to the ar-
gument drawn from it. What, sir, will a bank at
this capital watch with less care the operations of
a bank at the other end of this avenue, when it is
fully responsible for all the notes of that bank,
than when it has no connexion with, or responsi-
bility on account of it? If that be the effect of
such a responsibility, Mr. W. said he had mis-
taken the influence which the interests of men had
over their actions. The motive tjjincreased watch-
fulness was direct and palpable, and that such a
motive would have the effect to destroy that watch-
fulness, he could not see or believe.
While up, he would say one word in answer to
a suggestion which had fallen from the honorable
Senator when he first addressed the Senate, and
to which he had intended to reply. The Senator
[Mr. Ewing] seems to suppose that the circulation
of the notes of the banks of New York has been
less extensive and less broadly diffused since the
establishment of the safety fund system, than be-
fore that time. He mistakes the fact. Mr. W.
said he spoke from knowledge when he asserted
that from about one year after the establishment
of that system, the public confidence had increased
greatly as to the security of the notes of the safe-
ty fund banks, and that the circulation of those
notes out of, and beyond, the limits of the State
had been two or three times as great as at any
former period. Yes, sir, they flew over into the
territory of the Senator's own State, and even
beyond it.. He (Mr. W.) had himself known
instances where remittances had been directed to be
made to Kentucky, in the notes of the safety fund
banks, when the notes of the other banks of the
State, entirely solvent, but not subject to the safe-
ty fund law, would not be received.
At first (said Mr. W.) fears were entertained.
The banks were fearful, and the bankers and poli-
ticians wrote and spoke against the plan, but time
soon convinced all that the system was most valu-
able. The most experienced bankers of the State
yielded their assent to it, and the old hanks came
in and took new charters subject to the law. He
did not feel disposed to institute a comparison be-
tween the science and skill and prudence and suc-
cess of the bankers of his State, and those of other
States, but he was willing that their history, from
the institution of banks in the State to thepresent
time, should be examined, and he believed they
would not be found to have been the least success-
ful of all the bankers of the country. These men
are now the warmest and strongest friends of the
safety fund system. Indeed, (Mr. W. said,) he
verily believed, if the honorable Senators them-
selves, [Mr. Ewing and Mr. Clay,] would exam-
ine the legislation of New York upon this subject,
not as politicians, but as intelligent lawyers, as
they are, they would yield their full assent to its
wisdom and safety.
Mr. WEBSTER said he would draw the atten-
tion of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Wright,] and others, to a consideration which
seemed to have been overlooked. The question
of the insolvency of the bank was not the true
question when speaking of the currency of the
country. The question was the ability of each
individual bank to meet the demands which might
be made on it in specie. He was not acquainted
with the banking system of New York, but there
seemed to him one insuperable objection to it: it
was, that there was too much confidence in it; so
that ail individual responsibility was removed.
The true question in all our institutions was, not
the ultimate means of meeting all its liabilities, but
the present means for present calls. He had not
heard it stated what was the actual proportion of
specie to the whole circulation in New York; but
in England, from long experience, it was found
that less than one-third was not safe, and the Bank
of the United States had adopted that as its pro-
portion. He thought the case was not helped by
saying that the banks in the interior of New York
draw on those in the city, for it was but an ex-
change of paper; John Doe drawing on Richard
Roe, and Richard Roe drawing on John Doe
again. There could be no security longer than the
circulating paper was redeemable at the banks
from which it issued. And it was not bettered by
the bond of mortgage security, spoken of; that
system had been tried for a hundred years, over
and over again, and had uniformly failed, and
never could succeed. No matter how many men
of wealth you had, heap Ossa upon Pelion, and it
would not do.
Mr. FORSYTH said, that the gentlemen from
New York, [Mr. Wright and Mr. Tallmadge,]
if they had taken his advice, might have saved
themselves a great deal of trouble. They could
not recommend the safety fund system, be it good
or bad. It came from New York. He rose, not
for the purpose of discussing that system, or the
Secretary's system, as proposed to be introduced
into the United States, according to the views of
gentlemen, but to reply to the remarks of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky in relation to the distress
which he said existed in Georgia, in the cities of
Savannah and Augusta. Mr. F. thought that by
reference to the documents, the gentleman would
perceive that he was mistaken. How long they
might remain exempted, he could not say; he
trusted it would be long, but at present they were
exempt; their withers were unwrung. The call
for the meetings in Savannah and Augusta, was
for the purpose of deliberating upon the distress of
the country, and to express their opinions that the
bank ought to be rechartered. In Savannah there
were some cries of pressure, because certain citi-
zens wanted to swell thevoiceof distress; butthey
were voted down by an immense majority, and
there was no cry from Savannah now. As regarded
the meeting in Augusta, a memorial and resolu-
tions were prepared, but there was not a syllable
in them about distress there. They knew better.
The journals published there, the one containing
these proceedings, show the prices of produce and
of public stocks to be unaffected. They desire
that the bank may be rechartered—they ask not
that the deposites may be restored; but restore the
deposites and recharter the bank. [Mr. P. here
read a passage from the Augusta memorial.] He
knew the individuals;they werehighlyrespectable
men—merchants and members of the bar. They
were friends of the Bank of the United States;
they thought it a necessary and useful institution,
and wished to promote its recharter.
The gentleman from Kentucky had referred to a
certain document lately prepared and signed by
several respectable citizens of Philadelphia, who
came here as the representatives of some ten thou-
sand citizens of that city, for the purpose of ob-
taining relief for their distresses, and to report the
result of their labors. And Mr. P. thought he
would be very much wanting in respect to those
gentlemen if he did not say that they got what they
wanted, and they went away when they obtained
it. Did they expect that any representation from
citizens of Philadelphia would make any impres-
sion upon the firm convictions of the President?
They did not come from ¡he proper quarter, nor
from the proper persons, because they were not
without bias and interest. Would any one say
that there was a man in Philadelphia who was a
safejudge of the true policy on this subject? Every
expenditure made in Philadelphia was for its ben-
efit; all her citizens were deeply interested in it,
and it was as much as his patriotism was worth
for any man to resistan application forarecharter
of the bank. The gentleman from Kentucky places
great reliance upon the remarks of the President of
the United States, made to the Philadelphia com-
mittee; but he (Mr. P.) thought they ought to be
taken with many grains of allowance. They did
not state the words of the President, but the sub-
stance of what hesaid in a lor.g conversation. But
it was said the gentUmen were not political parti-
sans. Now, he (Mr. P.) knew the gentleman who
was chairman of the meeting, and he was a most
bitter, " rantancorous "politician. Hecame here
to get friends, and went back to make enemies
against the President of the United States. He
was, perhaps, successful in the first, but whether
he would succeed in the second operation rtmained
yet to be seen. He hoped he would not. Mr. P.
said he had desired to make some further remarks,
but as this debate had sprung up on a memorial
from Louisville, he was really ashamed to do it.
Some further brief remarks were made bv Mr.
CLAYTON, Mr. WEBSTER, and Mr. FOR-
SYTH.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Franklin, their Clerk, stating
that the Speaker had signed the bi'l which had
passed both Houses making appropriation for the
payment of pensioners.
On motion of Mr. EWING, the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 27, 1834.
Mr. WHITTLESEY reported a bill for the
relief of the heirs of Thomas F. Townsley.
Mr. McKINLEY, a bill for the relief of L. H.
Bates and W. Lacon; which were severally read
twice and committed.
Mr. FOOT, a bill to authorize the Secretary of
the Treasury to issue a register for the brig Amer-
ican, of Savannah; which was oidered to be en-
grossed for a third reading to-morrow.
The House then resumed the consideration cf
the following resolution, submitted by Mr. Mar-
dis, viz:
llesoked, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of reporting a bill requiring the Secretary of the
Treasury to deposite the public moneys of the
United States in the State banks; and, also, as to
the expediency of defining by law the contracts
hereafter to be made with the Secretary for the
safe-keeping, management, and disbursement of
the same.
Mr. CLOWNEY, who had the floor from the
previous day, rose and said, that the resolution
offered by the member from Alabama, and the
arguments adduced by him in support of it, ap-
peared to be predicated on the assumption that the
public deposites would not be restored to the
Bank of the United States. If he was satisfifd
that the honorable member was correct in that as-
sumption, he must agree with him in considering
that some such resolufon would be expedient.
He, however, could not concur in this, and he did
not think that the recent votes of the House, re-
frrring the subject to the Committee of Ways and
Means, afforded a just criterion to entitle him to
pronounce that the question of restoration was
thereby finally decided. He regarded, therefore,
the present resolution as altogether premature;
but he was glad it was brought forward, because
it gave to him, as wellai tn others so disposed, an
opportunity to explain their views before the ques-
tion itself would come up for geneial discussion,
