204     -
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 27,
on the report to be presented by the committee.
Heconsideied thepresentresolution.m substance, '
the same as that submitted by his colleague, [Mr. ,
McDuffie,] the future disposition of thedepos.tes ¡
being the object of both—one being to restore them
to the bank, the other to place them in the State
banks.
After the display of learning, talents, and re-
search, that had already been displayed on the
subject, he had not the vanity to suppose that he
could offer anything new to the House in the shape
of argument, or by which he could hope to influence
any member. But it was due to his constituenis
that he should exercise his puvilege of addiessmg
them, and in the peculiar situation in which he
was placed, as arguments had been given, by
which the question of restoring the deposites and
that of rechirtermg the bank were identified, he,
being opposed to the recharter of the bank, yet,
strange as it might seem, opposed to the removal
of the deposites, theie was a necessity imposed
upon him to explain hia reasons for what appeared
to be inconsistency He was at a loss to conceive
why questions so different in themselves should
be thus associated together; for the principal ob-
jections that had been urged against the bank were
on account of its unconstitutionality, and its ca
pacity, by the great pecuniary powers which it
possessed, to destroy the institutions of the coun-
try Those who were honest in opposing the bank
on thesegiounds could not abandon theiropimon
He found that these objections were principally
what was urged in the several memorials, and in
the íeasons presented by the Secretary of the
Treasuiy in his justification fortheremoval of the
deposites They weie also urged by the Piesi-
dent of the United Slates as the great grounds
upon which he predicated the exercise of the veto
power by him upon the bill passed to recharter the
bank, and they were the great objections on the
part of the people They could not be removed
by any argument of expediency. He could not
. coincide in the opinion that the two questions
were the same, and he asked if it was not for the
purpose of alarming the fears of those who weie
opposed to the bank, on grounds of unconstitu-
tionality, and who might be induced to dread thai
if they lent their aid to effect the restoration of the
deposites, it might be the means of recharteung
the bank He avowed that he wjls opposed to the
establishment of all banks by the power of Con
gress, unless there should be such an amendment
made to the Constitution as would obviate his
objections on this scoie fie had no fears as to
the great danger io be incurred by the present
bank enslaving the Government The manner in
which it had been hitherto conducted, and the
services it had lendered in correcting a spurious
paper currency, and acting as the public fiscal
agent faithfully, forbade mm to entertain such an
opinion, and in his opinion, entitled the bank to
have strong claims on the gratitude of the country
The fears of what the bank might do, had been
urged in argument from what it had done, but this
could have no effect upon him now, and although
he would have been unwilhng to commit such
powers originally, yet he saw nothing to dread in
making a restoration for the remainder of the time
that was given by the charter, of which the bank
iiad been so unjustly deprived He regarded the
act of lemoval so much an act of executive usuip
ation, that, although if the question of bank 01 no
bank was brought up, he would say no bank, yet
he, at the same time, would vote for the restora-
tion of the deposites He could not assent to any
action bemgjustified by the doctrine of expediency,
at the expense of principle He could not do evil
that good may come from it, and felt that such a
doctrine was mischievous in its effects, and moie
properly belonged to tyrants and peisecutors. By
them it was ever used—by a1! who found couitly
morality convenient to practice. It was resoited
to by the Inquisitions, to justify the cruelties they
inflicted, and, accoidmg to Paley,itwas a doctrine,
the adoption of which must invol/e the world m
confusion, and put an end to all society—who,
being therefore bound to avoid the evils it must
produce, ought to adhere rigidly to pnneiple,
leaving consequences to Gfod. He would act so,
for in voting upon this question, he was not ac-
tuated by any feelings of personal hostility, nor
was he so drilled in the schemes of any party as
to oppose the measure that would be submitted,
or do fealty to any individual, right or wrong.
And although he would acknowledge he saw m
the acts of the President much to admire, that he
considered the veto power had been judiciously
exercised by him to check legislative usurpation,
he would vote for the restoration of the deposites,
because, in this instance, he believed that the
authority claimed to do the act was not confided to
him by law, and the exercise of it waa dangetous
to the Constitution. Before he would proceed to
consider the aiguments, he felt bound to remark,
as to what was said on the opposition to the
measure having its origin in a coalition between
two distinguished individuals, that it arose from
a conspiracy between them to rise to power on
the ruins of the present Administration. But he
desired to know upon what evidence this charge
was made.
What evidence was there to justify the opinion
that all resistance to usurpation was only to giatify
disappointed ambition > Was there not in this
conspiracy to be found included all who were in
favor of the restoration, one half the members, and
the majority of the Senate, amongbt them many
who had grown gray in the service of the public,
and whose patriotism had not even been suspected'
It was not, however, his purpose to retort, or to
defend those with whom he intended to a^t. The
public services of these persons had ahead y secured
those to whom he alluded a glorious immortality in
the affectionate remembrance of the country. He
would not speak on one side and vote upon another.
He could not exhaust his stiength combating the
arguments of ttiose who were enlisted with him
on the same side. He would not, he trusted, oe
reduced to come foiward with an apology for the
strangeness of such conduct, or have the modesty
to state in the face of the House that of all those
who acted with him I am alone honest, pure, and
disinterested—I alone consult the public good,
whilst otners only consult their selfish aggrandize-
ment; and, above all, I hope (said Mr C ) that I
may not be reduced in the course of my argument
to attest my attachment to the Piesident by offer-
ing prayers for the success of his Administration;
that myspeechjWhen ltgoes home to my constitu-
ents, will not leave open to any question of doubt
whether the glory of that Administration ranks
higher in my estimation than the great principle
of Executive usurpation which is involved in the
question of the deposites. Mr. C. did not feel it
necessaiy to go into the arguments upon the rea-
sons submitted by the Secretaiy of the Treasury;
for,on-examimng the proceedings of the Commit-
tee of the House, he could not find there was any
new fact of which the House was not in posses-
sion, when, bya large majority, they resolved that
the deposites were perfectly safe He held that the
Secretaiy of the Treasuiy had no powers vested
in him but such as related to the safety, the dis-
bursement of the pubbc money, and generally
whether the bank had performed the duties which
were assigned to it His reasons, therefore, sunk
into insignificance when compared with tne prin-
ciple involved in the act of removal and the argu-
ments urged in its support. The removal, although
conceded to have been the act of the Secretary,was
not denied to have originated with the President.
In justification of this act some alarming doctrines,
weie advanced. It was contended that the Execu-
tive department was not only Executive as organ-
ized, but it was not in the power of Congress to
interfere, that any law rendering the Secretaiy
independent of the Executive would be a violation
of the Constitution; so that it would follow, from
many of the arguments, that many officers ap-
pointed by the President hereafter may execute
then office independent of him. But were not
such opinions adverse to the doctrines enteitamed,
or that should be entertained of a íepublican Gov-
ernment? I'hey were sufficient to induce him to
vote against any measure that they were brought
forward to support. The extraordinary power
claimed for the Executive was attempted to be
deduced from that part of the Constitution which
enjoinedon thePresidenttheduty of seeing thelaws
faithfully executed, but in opposition to this, he
would contend that the President had no preroga-
tive except what was expressly gianted by the law
or the Constitution. He would also contend that
Congress  had the power to create offices over
which the Piesident had no power by law or the
Constitution. He contended further, that Con-
gress had "the right to define the duties of the Sec-
letaiy of the Treasuiy as to the public money, of
which they alone had the control, and that the
President had no right to interfere with his per-
formance of such duties; that the President had no
constitutional power except to nominate and ap-
point, by and with the consent of the Senate, for
the soie power of removal waa not given by the
Constitution; it was a mere veto power, used
under the provisions of a law passed by the first
Congress, and which, at the pleasure of Congress,
might be again abolished or repealed.
If they wanted to know what were the Execu-
tive departments, the Constitution, not Johnson's
Dictionary, must be referred to. In that instru-
ment, the three departments were particularly de-
fined, with the power that pertained to each. They
would, also, there find the definition of the term
"executive." Mr. C. read the clause conferring
powers on the President, from which he argued
that although he might claim full control over the
Army, the Navy, and State Departments—they
being, fiom the nature of their duties, as well as
fiom their title, executive—and over which he
might safely rest his claim to control them by his
mere authority, yet, when he claimed to exercise
the same power over officers whose duties were
not connected with him, he must look elsewhere
than to that which gave to Congress, and Con-
gress alone, full power over the public purse, and
in support of his views he would state, that Con-
gress had the power to have declared, if they had
deemed it necessaiy—the Treasury Department
as independent of the President as they had made
the judiciary, or any other. He contended that
it was established originally by the Congress, with
that object, which was evidenced by the circum-
stance, that there was no power granted the Presi-
dent, as was given expressly over the other
departments, except where the lines occurred,
i which gave the power " to remove from office."
| Mr. C. gave way, before he had concluded, to
< Mr CLAY, who moved that the House should
proceed to the orders of the day.
The SPEAKER presented a communication
from the Secretary of War, transmitting a report
from the Topographical Buieau     Referred to the
Committee on  Commerce,  and ordered   to   be
■ printed
i The SPEAKER also presented a communica-
tion from theSec%tary of the Treasury, transmit-
ting an answer to a resolution of the House on the
subject of the violation of the revenue laws by the
evasion of the duties on imported lead. Referred
to the Committee on Manufactures.
The House resumed the consideration of the bill
making appropriations for the Indian department
for the year 1834.
Mr. McKAY moved the recommitment of the
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
¡he Union.
After some remarks from Messrs POLK,
COULTER, HA WES, SEVIER, McKINLEY,
HORACE EVERETT, McKAY, FILLMORE,
MERCER,WILLIA\rS, VINTON,CAMBRE-
LENG, BEARDSLEY, and WILDE—
The question was taken on the motion to re-
commit the bill, and decided in the affirmative,
yeas 106, nays 101
On motion, the House then adjourned
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 27, 1834.
Mr. SILSBEE, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill for the relief of Peter C
Phillips, and, on his motion, the'report accom-
panying it was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WEBSTER presented the petition of Isaac
Poller, of Boston; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce; and the petition of Marion
Baldwin, which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr WEBSTER presented the memorial of all
the banks of New Bedford, Massachusetts;
Of three hundred and three inhabitants of War-
ren county, New York,
Of eight hundred and sixty-six citizens of North-
ampton county, Pennsylvania;
