* 1884.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
205
All in favor of the restoration of the public de-
posites, and the rechartering of the Bank of the
United States, with modifications; which were
read, referred to the Committee on Finance, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLAYTON presented the memorial of a
number of citizens of Schuylkill county, Pennsyl-
vania, in favor of the restoration of the deposites;
which was read, referred to the Committee on
Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented the joint resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Indiana, praying that
Congress would pass a law compensating persons
. who lost horses in the recent campaigns with the
Indians; which were referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Also, the joint resolutions of the same Legisla-
ture, stating the sparseness of the population of
the Wabash country in the neighborhood of Lau-
renceburg; attributing it to the difficulties of inter-
course, and praying aid in constructing a railroad;
which resolutions were referred to the Committee
on Roads and Canals.
Also, another resolution of the same Legisla-
ture, of a similar character of that first presented,
on the subject of compensation for loss of horses;
which had the same reference as the former.
Mr. McKEAN presented the petition of Ste-
phen G. Rollins; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance; and the petition of Elizabeth
Josiah; which was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. SPRAGUE presented the petition of James
Thomas; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. BLACK presented the petition of the heirs
of John George, deceased; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BLACK asked that the petition of William
Borax, which was not acted on at the last session,
might be again referred to the Committee on Public
Lands; which was agreed to.
Mr. NAUDA1N, from the Committee-on Pri-
vate Land Claims, asked to be discharged from
the further consideration <5f the petition of Asher
Homer, and that it be referred to the Committee
on Public Lands; which was agreed to.
Mr. NAUDAIN,fromtheCommitteeon Claims,
asked to be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the petition of James Rinker, surviving
partner of Bailev & Rinker; which was agreed to.
Mí. TOMLINSON, from the Committee on
Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of Aaron
Fitzgerald.
Mr. TYLER presented a memorial of a num-
ber of the inhabitants of Wheeling, Virginia, pray-
ing for the restoration of the deposites, and the
recharter of the Bank of the United States.
Also, a memorial from a number of the citizens
of Norfolk, Virginia, praying the restoration of
the deposites to the Bank of the United States;
which memorials were read, referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
The following resolutions were submitted, and
lie on the tableone day; the consideration of them
at this time being objected to, that of Mr. Web-
ster by Mr. Poixdexteu, and that of Mr. Poin-
dexter by Mr. Hill.
By Mr. WEBSTER:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
lay before the Senate the monthly returns of the
Bank of the United States, from August, 1833, to
February, 1834, inclusive.
By Mr. POINDEXTER:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to communicate to the Senate copies of
any order or Treasury draft, which may have been
given by that department for the removal of the
deposites of the public money from the Planters'
Bank at Natchez, specifying the amount of the
deposites; the bank or banks to which said money
is removed, or intended to be removed; whether
the same is required for the public service at the
place to which it is so transferred, or intended to
be transferred; and if not, for what other purpose
the said deposites are directed to be withdrawn
from said bank. And, also, that he transmit
copies of any letters which may have passed be-
tween any officer of the Treasury Department and
the president of said bank on this subject.
On motion of Mr. WEBSTER,
The Senate, shortly after one o'clock, proceeded
to executive business.
The Senate continued in secret session to a very
late hour. When the doors were opened, it had
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 27, 1834.
Mr. ASHLEY reported a bill for the relief of
John Jordan and the legal representatives of Vin-
cent Fisher.
Mr. R. M. JOHNSON, a bill for the relief of
William Piatt.
Mr. HORACE EVERETT, a bill to provide
for the appointment of agents and sub-agents of
Indian affairs and interpreters.
PUBLIC DEPOSITES.
The House resumed the  consideration of the
following resolution offered by Mr. Mardis:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of reporting a bill requiring the Secretary
of the Treasury to deposite the public moneys of
the United States in the State banks; and,also, as
to the expediency of defining by law all contracts
hereafter to be made with the Secretary for the
safe-keeping, management, and disbursement of
the same.
Mr. CLOWNEY resumed his remarks.    He
contended that the powers of the Secretary of the
Treasury  related   exclusively  to  the  legislative
department of the Government, over which the
President had no control.   On the other side, the
power to remove was considered as incidental to'
the power to appoint.   Such an idea had never
entered the head of a single member of the illus-
trious body which framed our Constitution.  The
question as to the power of removal was not agi-
tated in the convention.    Why not?   Because it
was so clearly incidental to the powers granted in
the Constitution, and so reasonable, and just in
itself, that it was deemed unworthy of notice? No,
sir, it was either not considered at all, or it was,
at that time, thought that the term of office was
sufficiently restricted by the power of ¡mneachment.
Mr. C. read some passages from the 77th number
of the Federalist, in which the doctrine of removal
was laid down.    In the first Congress which as-
sembled under the Constitution, the question was,
for the first time, seriously agitated.    The sole
power of removal was not  then  considered  as
vested in the President, and we find that, on this
question, many members of Congress who had
been members of the convention, were arrayed
against each other.    Messrs. Madison and Mat-
thews maintained the existence of the power, and
Messrs. Gerry and Sherman denied it.    The ex-
istence  of the  power was, after debate,  finally
affirmed by the House of Representatives.   The
Senate was equally divided upon the question, and
the question was decided in favor of the present
j! construction, by the casting vote of the Vice Pres-
i ident.   Thus it appears that the advocates ofcon-
| solidation, in the first Congress, by a majority of
twelve votes in the House, and a casting vote in
the Senate, gave to the Constitution, then fresh
from the hands of the people, a differentform from
that which those who  framed, and  those who
adopted it, had contemplated and designed, and
clothed the President with powers which Alexan-
der Hamilton, with all his prejudice in favor of a
strong government, acknowledges that the States
would never have assented to.   To give this first
act of legislation the authority of the Constitution,
i   Congress inserted in the acts organizing the de-
I' partments, the words " and when removed from
j'. office, &c, another officer shall, for the time being,
\] discharge the duties of the office."   Against the
¡| power, it was contended that it would be liable to
' great abuse, and would render the officers of the
' Government dependent on the whim and caprice
!; of a single individual.  This objection was met.by
!   the advocates of the construction, that the abuse
i i of power by the President cf the United States
i! would render him liable to impeachment and re-
moval from office.    Here Mr. C. read and com-
mented upon the arguments used in the debate
referred to.
If the doctrine contended for on the other side
was correct, it followed that the Clerk of this House
ant! all other officers whose duties were not execu-
tive, were subject to the control of the President.
He defied gemlemen to draw a distinction between
the duties of the Clerk of this House and those of
the Secretary of the Treasury. One was charged
with the disposition of the contingent fund of this
House, the other with the funds of the nation.
One was subject to the control of this House; the
other to the control of Congress. None of the
duties of the Secretary of the Treasury relate to
any power vested in the President, and, therefore,
the President would have no power over that
officer. lie was aware that the Judges of the
Supreme Court, and some other officers, were con-
sidered as constitutional exceptions to the general
power of the President to control all officers. But
he asked gentlemen to point out the general grant
of power to which there were exceptions. It was
not to be found. If, then, the power could not,a3
he contended, be derived from the power to ap-
point, and was not granted expressly by the Con-
stitution, whence do gentlemen derive the power?
The last ground on which they rest the construc-
tion for which they contend, is the clause of the
Constitution which provides that the President
shall " take care that the laws be faithfully exe-
cuted." To the misconstruction of this clause
was to be traced every act of executive usurpation
of which we had cause to complain. It was con-
strued and acted upon as a distinct grant of power,
clothing the President with authority above the
laws, instead of requiring him to adhere to, and
direct the execution of the laws. In virtue of this
construction, we had seen a President send an
armed force into the heart of a sovereign State, to
compel her to relinquish her rights over a large
part of her soil. It was honorable to the then
Executive that he either abandoned his construc-
tion or waived his claim—and peace and the sover-
eign rights of a State were preserved. But scarcely
had the apprehensions of the people become quiet-
ed, than they werealarmed again, by a thundering
proclamation emanating from the President, and'
directed against the laws which a sovereign S'ate,
in its legislative character, had passed. Under the
same specious pretexts, we have seen the ministers
of the law and public justice rudely thrust aside,
and the Army of the United States substituted a^
the ministers of an Executive measure. In a time
of profound peace, we had seen the arms of a paid
soldiery turned against peaceful citizens, who were
acting under the laws of a sovereign State. AH
this had been done upon no other authority than
this construction. It was true that one of the acts
was, at the modest request of the President,legal-
ized by the force bill; an act which Mr. C. said
was already recorded in blood,and threatened the
entire subversion of the liberties of the country.
For power to call out the militia to execute the
laws, suppress insurrection,&c, the President was
indebted, as Mr. C. contended, not to the Constitu-
tion, but to lav/. His power over the Secretary
of the Treasury, he went on to argue, stood on
the same footing with his power over the militia.
[Here the hour having expired, Mr. CLOW-
NEY yielded the floor, without concluding, and
the House proceeded to the order of the day.]
Mr. Campbell, a Representative from South
Carolina, elected in the place of Mr. Singletok,
deceased, appeared, was qualified, and took lua
seat.
POTOMAC BRIDGE.
On motion of Mr. MERCER, the House took
up the bill reported from the Committee on Roads
and Canals,authorizing theconstruction ofabridge
over the Potomac, and repealing all previous acts
on the subject.
The SPEAKER stated that there were two
propoeitions pending in reference to the bill; one
to refer it to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union; and another to refer it to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. MERCER explained the views of the com-
mittee. He said that the cost price of the bridge,
according to the plan proposed by the committee,
would not exceed §130,000, whilst the estimates
presented to the Secretary of the Treasury of the
cost of the bridge proposed by the President would
exceed $3,000,000. This was so important a dif-
ference, that the House ought to take up the ques-
tion at once and dispose of it.
