206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 21
4,*
Mr. CH INN did not desire to express any-views
as to the construction of the bridge; but he would
merely say, that he had been formerly against it,
knowing that the House was deceived when they
supposed that it could have been constructed for
the sum at which it was estimated when the appro-
priation was made. Tue question was of reference
as to this bill. As a member of the Committee for
the District, he had no desire to have it sent there,
if it ought not in strict right to be sent there. The
principle reason that induced him to desire it to be
sent there was, that there were -carious other sub-
jects before that committee which were connected
with theconstructionof the bridge, and upon which
all action by the committee was necessarily sus-
pended. That committee had jurisdiction over all
matters in relation to the District, and it was due
to them, as all other billa making appropriations
had originated there, as well as due to the people
of the District, to have the subject sent where they
could be heard.
Mr. RENCHER considered, as the Committee
on Roads and Canals had, after much laborious
exertion, and in the faithful discharge of their du-
ties, examined into this subject, made their report,
and presented a bill in conformity to it, that the
objections raised to their jurisdiction over the sub-
ject came too late. He considered that the claims
of the Committee for the District to exclusive juris-
diction ought only to have reference to such mat-
ters as were merely of a local nature.
Mr. CHAMBERS remarked, that the subject
was in such a shape before them, that it was mani-
fest there ought to be immediate action upon it. As
the House were in possession of information ne-
cessary for them to have thataction, it was surely
immaterial to them from what committee the in-
formation came to them. There was a greater
question involved than a contest between two
committees for jurisdiction: whether the Secretary
of the Treasury had the right to make contracts
involving the expenditure of large sums; and this
ought to induce the House not to refer the subject a
second time, but act upon it.
Mr. FILLMORE advocated the claims of the
Committee of the District to have this subject
referred to them, and he considered that it was
unreasonable to suppose that this committee would
not be as much disposed to cheek extravagance as
any other committee. Without, therefore, wishing
to detract from the intelligence, patriotism, and
purity of conduct, which the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals, and the other mem-
bers of that committee acted, it was only fair to
suppose, that if the subject was sent to the Com-
mittee on the District, they would act up to their
economical views, and having an opportunity to
examine witnesses, from their testimony, have
new light thrown upon the subject.
_ Mr. FOOT expressed some surprise ata discus-
sion which seemed to him to be so unnecessary.
He asked, what was the object of rules for the
regulation of their proceeding, if, when a sub-
ject of this kind came up, was regularly referred
to a standing committee, and by them reported
upon, the bill they reported was not to be acted
upon?
Mr. STODDERT said, that the Committee on
the District intended to have called upon the Sec-
retary of the Treasury for information to enable
them to act upon this subject, when they were
anticipated by the chairman of trie Committee on
Roads and Canals. They had various matters
before them connected with this, which prevented
the committee from coming to a definite conclu-
sion what should be done with them. He con-
tended that this subject should now be referred to
that committee, as, amongst others, there was a
memorial referred to them from Alexandria, pray-
ing Congress for additional aid to construct an
aqueduct over the Potomac; and the committee,
in considering the two subjects, might combine
them, and thus effect a saving of $20,000 and up-
wards. This could not be done if the presentbill
was put into effect, as the bridge was directed to
be constructed on the old site.
Mr. WILLIAMS advocated the reference to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
as he considered it would be a most unprecedented
course, at a time when the very object of a refer-
ence was attained, to change it by sending the
subject back to another committee.   It was not a
respectful course towards the Committee on Roads
and Canals; and if there was any objectionable
matterfound in the bill, when it was in Committee
of the Whole, that was the time and place to con-
sider the necessity of a reference to the Committee
on the District.
Mr. McKENNAN disclaimed having any in-
tention of showing any disrespect, or of throwing
any reflection on the Committee on Roads and
Canals in advocating a reference to another com-
mittee; but, as he considered this altogether a
question of jurisdiction, it was clear that the Com-
mittee on the District ought to have the subject
referred to it. The practice has been, he con-
tended, uniformly, to send all bills making appro-
priations for the District to it; even one making
appropriations for clearing obstructions in the
Potomac was so referred; and he therefore appre-
hended the question of jurisdiction was thereby
settled. Although a member of the committee,
he was not prepared to say what conclusion ha
would come to in regard to this appropriation; for
there might be a further reduction found necessary
in the sum appropriated by the present bill.
Mr. WARDWELL adverted to the proceed-
ings by which, on the motion of Mr. Mercer,
the chairman of the Committee on  Roads and
Canals, the Secretary of the Treasury communi-
cated'to the House all the facts in relation to the-
contracts that were proposed for the erection of ¡
the bridge, and said that the matter was referred i!
to that committee almost without consideration, [I
or without objection on the part of the Committee  ¡
on the .District.                                                               I
Mr. CHINN rose to correct this statement; he '•]
had consented to the reference, having understood ''
from the chairman that his object was to ascertain i
the cost of the bridge.                                         '          I!
Mr. WARDWELL resumed, and contended i!
that  there was nothing  in   the reference, then, j|
which should be deemed giving that committee an !!
authority to do more than that. They had, never- '
i theless, taken upon themselves to reporta bill for
the construction of the bridge.    He considered
this was a subject which ought to be peculiarly
under the cognizance of the Committee on the
District.
Mr. STEWART remarked, that it was not so
material to what committee the question properly
belonged; for as the bill had been reported to the
House on the subject, it was competent for any
member of the Committee on the District to move
any amendment or alteration he wished, when the
bill should be in Committee of the Whole on the
; state of the Union.   There was one subject, how-
ever, which he wished to state, that the House
might see the necessity that existed of acting
promptly upon the bill.   The House were doubt-
less aware that the President had various prop-
ositions submitted to him for the construction of
the  bridge;   that a contract was  entered   into,
which was given up, and finally that a proposi-
tion was made by Mr. Dibble, and accepted of;
although the contract with him was not formally
executed, yet he was told to go on, collect his
materials,&c, for it.    The previous evening Mr.
D. called  upon  him and  stated, that in conse-
quence of this intimation he had gone on making
purchases to the extent of $120,000, and that he ]
would go on  further.    Was it not, therefore, i
important that the House should come to some
decision; either to rescind this contract, or pass
some  law upon  the  subject?    While we were
going on discussing the propriety of a reference to
one committee or another, Mr. Dibble would be
going on with his purchases, and the House would
be hereafter called upon to indemnify him.
Mr. McDUFFIE said,from what had occurred
it was evident there was more than met the eye in
the zeal displayed to get this subject from one
committee to another. That the President of the
United States had, on the faith of a bill makin°-an
appropriation of $200,000 for the construction of
this bridge, pledged the faith o£ the nation for a
much larger amount. If there was any design to
have this act ratified, he would say the House
were called upon, by regard for their own legisla-
tive rights, not to give it countenance by referring-
it a second time.
Mr. WAYNE said, if the facts were as sup-
posed by the honorable member from South Car-
olina, the House would be indebted to him for the
observations he had made; but alihough they
were, when made, supposed to be founded in
truth, they were nevertheless not so. Mr. W.
here referred to the report from the Secretary of the
Treasury on the subject, by which it appeared
that he stated there was nothing contemplated to
be done by the President, unless with the consent
of the House; and although Mr. Dibbie might
have gone on purchasing, yet he did so at his own
risk.
After a few further remarks from Mr. STEW-
ART, Mr. MERCER, and Mr. CHINN, in ex-
planation—
The question on referring the bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
was put, and it prevailed—ayes 103, noes not
counted.
REVOLUTIONARY CLAIMS.
The House proceeded to the consideration of
the bill reported from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, " to provide for.the settlement of
certain revolutionary claims."
Mr. PIERCE, of New Hampshire, thanked the
House for having kindly deferred, on the sugges-
tion of his indisposition, the consideration of the
bill which has just been read, and he felt under
particular obligations for the generous courtesy
manifested on that occasion by the gentleman from
Virginia, a friend of the bill, upon his right, [Mr.
Mason.]   He had expressed, the other day, when
moving the postponement of the bill, his convic-
tion, that it had been passed to a third reading
without having received all the consideration due
to us  importance.    That conviction  had  been
strengthened by further examination and subse-
quent reflection.    Nothing, however, but a sense
of wl at he conceived to be his duty, as an humble
member of that body, could have induced him to
arrest its progress then, or now to ask for a few
moments the indulgence of the House.   He should
be brief in his remarks, having nothing to say for
political  effect or for home  consumption;   but,
with the opinions he entertained of the bill, he
should do-injustice to himself did he permit it to
pass,suo sUentio, feeble and unavailing as his voice
might prove.    He had hoped that its importance,
and the new order of things to be had under it
would have called up some gentleman whose ex-
perience and whose reputation might have insured
general attention.    He had waited to the last mo-
ment, and waited in vain; and now, upon its pas-
sage, he called upon gentlemen to pause before
they proceed to provide, by presumption, for satis-
fying claims of any character, from any quarter.
Mr.  P.  said,  he  was  not  insensible of the
advantages with which the bill now under con- ■
sideration came before the House.   It came, as he
understood, with the unanimous approbation of a
committee entitled to the most entire respect, and
it related to services the very mention of which
moved our pride and our gratitude.   They were
services  beyond all praise, and above all price.
He spoke of the revolutionary services generally
But wmle warm and glowing with the glorious
recollections which  a  recurrence to that period
never fails to awaken; while we cherish with affec-
tion and reverence the memory of the brave men
oí that day, now no more; while we would grant,
most cheerfully grant, to their heirs all that isjustly
due; and while we do extend to those who still
survive our grateful thanks, and our treasure also,
he trusted we should not in the full impulse of
generous feeling, disregard what was due from the
gentlemen composing this House as the descend-
ants of such men.
What, then, sir, (said Mr. P.,) are the objects to
be answered by the bill, and what are its provis-
ions? The general object is plainly and briefly
stated in the introduction of the committee's report.
They say:
"Finding many petitions before them asking
1 the commutation of five years' full pay, promised
^ by the resolution of Congress of the 22d of March,
' 1783, to certain officers of the revolutionary army,
' they have been induced, by several considera-
' tions, to present to the House a bill the object of
' which is to remove these and some other similar
' claims from the action of the committee and of
' Congress, and have them settled at the Treasury
'Department."
Mr. P. would not be disposed, at any time, much
