208                                   THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                            Feb. 28.
The House had nothing to do with the question
of the value of the certificates; they were, without
doubt, nearly valueless in the hands of a large por-
tion of the original holders. Thia subject was
most satisfactorily discussed in the able and elabo-
rate reports made to both Houses, at the first ses-
sion of the Twenty-First Congress, when the act
was passed providing for the officers who were
entitled to half pay by the resolve of 1780, and
for the non-commissioned officers and soldiers
who enlisted for, and served to the close of the
war. The views taken in these repoits were in-
teresting and instructive upon this subject; but he
was considering what was the natural presumption
as to commutation rights, still existing; and if his
views were in any tolerable degree correct, it was
diametrically opposed to the legal presumption to
be established by the passage of this bill.
Sir, (said Mr. P.,) we are told that the evidence
of records is exceedingly imperfect; and he assured
the House that such was the fact to a much
greater extent than he had supposed before apply-
ing to the department for information. The mus-
ter-rolls had been almost entirely destroyed by
fire, and all the records, from various casualties,
were broken; but this deficiency of record evi-
dence was, in his estimation, much more the mis-
fortune of the Government than of the claimants
who came here after the lapse of fifty years; but
pass your presumptions, sir, said he, and you will
have little occasion for evidence.
It is said that the rules which are to be regarded
as fixed principles by thedepartment, provided this
bill pass, arethe same which the committee have
adopted in the investigation of claims coming
before them. If so, and they accorded with the
sentiments of the House, he confessed it was a
matter of very little consequence whether they
were applied here or elsewhere; and he was happy
that the bill had been reported, that the opinion
of the House might be deliberately and under-
standingly expressed upon the propriety of their
adoption.
Sir, (said Mr. P.,) will not their operation-be
that of a new law upon the subject of commu-
tation .' Look at the first presumption of the bill;
it has the advantage of being plain; there, is no
ambiguity about it—
" It being established that an officer of the
' continental line was in service as such on the
' twenty-first of October, seventeen hundred and
' eighty, and until the new arrangement of the
' army provided for by the resolution of that date
'was effected, he shall be presumed, unless it
1 appear that he was then retained in service, to
•  have been reduced by that arrangement, and
' therefore entitled to half pay for life, or the com-
« mutation in lieu of it."
The onus probandi was shifted; the burden of
proof was not left where it was intended it should
rest, with the claimant, but it was thrown upon
Government. He presumed it was not expected
that the Government would send agents abroad to
obtain negative evidence from living witnesses.
How, then, was it to be shown, in the present
imperfect state of the records, that an officer
was not reduced, and did voluntarily leave the
service?
The effect of such instructions would virtually
be to give commutation to all who were in ser-
vice on the 21st of October, 1780, and until the
new arrangement was effected, instead of to those
only who were actually reduced, as was originally
contemplated. He called the attention of the
House to the second presumption:
"2d. A continental officer proved to have re-
' mained in service' after the arrangement of the
•  army under said resolution of October, seventeen
' hundred and eighty, shall be presumed to have
•  served to the end of the war, or to have retired
' entitled to half pay for life, unless it appear that
' he died in the service, or resigned, or was dis-
' missed, or voluntarily abandoned an actual com-
' mand in the service of the United States."
This, also, manifestly made new provision,
granting commutation to those who were in ser-
vice after the new arrangement, in 1780, instead
of to those who actually served to the close of the
war. For in the state of record evidence, as de-
clared by the committee, how was it possible for
the Government to prove, in very many instances,
that the claimant, or the ancestor of the present
claimants, "died in the service, or resigned, or
was dismissed, or voluntarily abandoned a com-
mand in the service of the United States ?" There
was no possible means of doing it.
Mr. P. would pursue the subject no further. If
there was no fallacy in these premises, and the
conclusions were legitimate, they were sufficient
for his purpose. The House would not think of
passing the bill in its present shape. He ought
not longer to ask the attention of gentlemen, for
which he was already under great obligation.
Such were some of the objections to the bill that
had occurred to Mr. P., and thus much he thought
it his duty to say. For the committee making the
report he entertained the highest respect, and he
believed that he was no less disposed than they
were to grant to the uttermost farthing all that was
due to revolutionary officers or their heirs.
But (said Mr. P.) pass this bill, and you will do
great injustice to the country-, you will make a
most exhausting draft upon your Treasury, to
answer, it may be, some equitable claims that
may as well be liquidated without it, and you
will, it is morally certain, be compelled, under it,
to acknowledge a vast number which have no
foundation in justice—no foundation anywhere,
except in lost records and violent presumptions.
Mr. VANDERPOEL followed in opposition to
the bill; and, without coueluding, gave way to a
motion to adjourn.
On motion of Mr. CLAY,
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 28,1834.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Donelson, his Private I
Secretary.
ORDERS OF THE DAY.
The resolutions previously submitted by Messrs.
HENDRICKS, TOMLINSON, CHAMBERS,
TIPTON, LINN, EWING, WAGGAMAN,
ROBB1NS, SILSBEE, CLAYTON, WHITE,
and WEBSTER, were severally taken up, and
adopted without discussion.
The resolution submitted yesterday by Mr.
POINDEXTER,in relation to the Planters'Bank
at Natchez, was reed.
Upon this resolution a long and spirited debate
ensued, much of which was of a personal nature,
between Mr. POIMDEXTER and Mr. FOR-
SYTH. Mr. KING, of Alabama, Mr. CLAY,
Mr. MOORE, Mr. GRUNDY, Mr. BLACK, and
| Mr. WHITE, also participated in the discussion;
when the resolution was adopted.
On motion of Mr. CLAY, it was ordered that
when the Senate adjourns it will adjourn until
Monday.
The Senate then went into the consideration of
a large number of bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives; which were read by their titles, and
referred.
^n motion of Mr. SILSBEE, at half past three
o'clock, the Senate went into executive business,
and, after some time spent therein, the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 28, 1834.
Mr. HALL, of North Carolina, submitted the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of reporting a plan, accompanied by a bill,
to reduce the revenue to the necessary expenses of
the Government.
Mr. STEWART moved that the question
should be taken whether the House should con-
sider the resolution.
Mr. McDUFFlE desired that the resolution
should be referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. CONNOR called for the yeas and nays on
the motion to consider; which were ordered.
The House refused to consider; which'is a
rejection of the resolution:
Yeas 70, nays 115.
PUBLIC DEPOSITES.
The House resumed the consideration of the
following resolution, offered by Mr. Maedis:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of reporting a bill requiring the Secretary of
the Treasury to deposite thepublic moneys of the
United States in the State banks; and, also, as to
the expediency of defining by law all contracts
hereafter to be made with the Secretary for the
safe-keeping, management, and disbursement of
the same.
Mr. CLOWNEY resumed, and said, when he
last addressed the House, he was endeavoring to
show that the President derived his power to re-
move from office, from the law, not the Constitu-
tion, He maintained that as the Secretary of the
Treasury was an officer created by Congress, he
was bound to obey their orders; and he desired to
know, upon a review of all the circumstances
attendant upon the removal of the deposites, if the
Secretary could -be considered to have faithfully
complied with the duties enjoined upon him by
law?
Referring to the paper read by the President
to his Cabinet, it would be found that he had
not pretended to deny that it was the right of the
Secretary to exercise his own judgment, from
which he (Mr. C.) argued that if the Secretary
had retained the control, that he would have kept
it where it was placed by the Constitution, ltwas
said in the arguments, that although the President
had no right to compel the Secretary to deviate
from what he conceived to be an honest discharge
of his duties, yet that he had a right to dismiss
that officer, if he should dissent from his views.
This, as respected the Secretary of the Treasury,
could not be sanctioned, however it would apply
to officers who were strictly executive, ana" for the
performance of whose duties the President was
made responsible. It could not apply to the case
of a fiscal agent, whose duties were defined, and
for which he was accountable to Congress alone.
He would suppose, that the President thought the
Secretary had committed an error in judgment.
Would he, in that case, have a right to correct his
error? He thought not, and that in such case the
Legislature could only blame themselves for trust-
ing any matter of importance to the discretion of
their own agent. He was forced to conclude that
the President, in this matter, had assumed powers
which belonged to the legislative body, and to
regard which, as a mere abuse of power, was too
mild a term. The President assumed the power,
which vested in the representative body alone,
over the public purse; for he considered that the
means taken by the President to effect his object
by the removal of an officer who would not carry
out his views, for the purpose of appointing an-
other who would, to be tantamount to his doing
the act in person, and that it must be deemed on
his part an unlawful assumption of power, not
properly belonging to him.
Mr. C. had not concluded at the expiration of
the hour; after which, this day is set apart for the
consideration of private bills.
The House went into committee thereon, Mr.
CONNOR in the chair.
Several private bills were considered in the Com-
mittee of the Whole, reported to the House, and
ordered to a third reading.
The bill to compensate Susan Decatur and others,
was taken up for consideration in the Committee
of the Whole.
Messrs. HA WES and HARDIN spoke'in op-
position to the bill, and Mr. PINCKNEY in its
support.
On motion of Mr. HUBBARD, the committee
rose, reported progress, and had leave to sit
again.
On motion of Mr. WAYNE, the rule was sus-
pended to enable him to submit a motion.
Mr. WAYNE then moved, that when the
House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday.
Mr. CARR demanded the yeas and nays, but
the House refused to order them.
The motion was agreed to:
Yeas 115, nays 39".
On motion,
The House then adjourned.
