216                                  THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.           _________March 5,
the deposites to the Bank of the United States;
which, after some remarks by Mr. P., were read,
referred to the Committee on Finance, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. McKEAN presented the memorial of in-
habitants of the county of Chester, Pennsylvania,
asking the restoration of the deposites to the Bank
of the United States; which was read, referred to the
Committee on Finance,and ordered tobe printed.
Mr. MOORE, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the
heirs and legal representatives of General Lord
Stirling; which v/as read, and, on his motion, the
report and accompanying documents were ordered
to be printed.
Mr. MANGUM presented the memorial of in-
habitants of Fayetfceville, North Carolina, praying
a restoration of the deposites to the Bank of the
United States; which was read, referred to the
Committee on Finance,and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented the memorial of
the General Assembly of Indiana, relative to ap-
propriations for the Cumberland Road; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. POINDEXTER, from the Committee on
Public Lands, ieported the following bills:
A bill for the relief of James P. Hainesworth;   i
A bill for the relief of E. Homer;
A bill for the relief of William Burrows;
A bill for the relief of Hishe Homa, otherwise
called Captain Red Pepper;
Which bills were severally read, and committed.
Mr. POINDEXTER,from thesamecommittee,
asked to be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the memorial of the Legislature of Ala-
bama, and the petition of inhabitants of Mobile,
in that State, relative to the prices of public lands
and preemption rights, and that the memorials be
laid upon the table; which was agreed to.
In pursuance of notice, Mr. KING, of Alabama,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill, au-
thorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to make
additional compensation to the register and receiver
of the land office established at Tallahassee, Flor-
ida; which was read, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Petitions of a private nature were presented
by Messrs. TIPTON, HILL, MANGUM, and
HENDRICKS; which were severally referred to
the appropriate committees.
On motion of Mr. GRUNDY, the report of the
Postmaster General, made yesterday, was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. EWING moved to take up the resolution
offered by Mr. Mangum, in relation to the printing
of the Senate; which being agreed to—
Mr. MANGUM offered'the following as a sub-
stitute for the original resolution, observing that
its object was merely to place the printer of the
Senate upon a footing with the printers of the
House.
Resolved, That the resolution adopted on the
14th of May, eighteen hundred and thirty, direct-
ing the Secretary of the Senate to contract with
the printer of the House of Representatives for
copies of the documents printed by the order of
the House, be, and the same is hereby, repealed,
and that the orders of the Senate for printing be
executed without regard to the printing of the
House.
Mr. FORSYTH asked that the letter written
by the Secretary of the Senate to the printers of ;
the House in relation to the printing authorized
under that rule, might be read, together with their
answers;  which being done, Mr. F.  said, that
under the rule proposed to be repealed, the printers
of the House have refused to contract to furnish
extra documents.    Of course the printer of the
Senate must furnish them.    He did not know why
the change was sought for.   It was to him rather i
a singular refusal, and on a strange ground of a \
breach of contract between the Senate and the ¡
printer of the Senate.    He rose, now, however, to ¡
inquire of the Secretary of the Senate what the j
difference would be, in the expense of the printing, j
by changing the rule.    It was not of much im-
portance,   but the  printing  of the Senate  was
already sufficiently heavy, and he was not dis-
posed to increase it.
Mr. CHAMBERS said that he had made in- |
quiry on the subject, and he thought the amend- j
ment was proper. He understood that, according
to the rules of each House, the positions of the
two printers were not parallel, or their duties the
same. If the rules were the same, the amendment
would not be necessary.
Some further remarks were made by Mr. FOR-
SYTH and Mr. PRESTON, when Mr. FOR-
SYTH moved to lay the whcrle subject on the
table till to-morrow, and asked the yeas and nays
on the motion; which, being ordered, are as fol-
lows, viz:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Black, Brown, For-
syth,Grundy, Hendiicks.IIill, King of Alabama,
King of Georgia, Knight,'Linn, McKean, Mor-
ns, Prentiss, Robinson, Shepley,Tallmadge,Tip-
ton , Tomlinson,Waggaman,White, Wilkins, and
Wright—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell, Bibb, Calhoun, Cham-
bers, Clay, Clayton, Ewing, Frelinghuysen,
Leigh, Mangum, Moore, Naudain, Pomdexter,
Porter, Pres ton, Robbins,Silsbee, Smith, Sprague,
and Swift—20.
On motion of Mr. POINDEXTER, all the spe-
cial orders were postponed, in order to relieve the ¡
table of the mass of business which had accumu-
lated upon it, and the Senate proceeded to the
consideration of the
ORDER OF THE DAY.
The communication from the War Department,
transmitting the report of the Third Auditor upon
the accounts of William Tharp, was taken up,
and, on motion of Mr. POINDEXTER, was laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
PUBLIC LANDS.
The resolutions offered by Mr. POINDEXTER
on Monday last, requiring the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands to make certain inquiries with regard to
the land offices, were taken up for consideration:
1.  Resolved, That the Committee on the Public
Lands be instructed to inquire into the circum-
stances attending the recent sales of the public lands
in the States of Mississippi and Alabama, and
whether the proclamations of the President of the
United States, causing the public lands in the dis-
tricts of country acquired from the Choctaw tribe
of Indians, in Alabama, to be offered at public sale,
were issued and promulgated a reasonable length
of time prior to the day on which said sales were
directed to be commenced in each of said districts,
to give proper notice to the people of the United
States of the days appointed for said sales.
2.  Resolved, That the same committee inquire '
whether any fraudulent practices, to the injury of
the public interest, took place at said sales, by
reason of combination of companies or individuals
interdicting, or unfavorable to a fair competition
between bidders for the public lands, offered for
sale in the said district; and, if so,'whether the
officers superintending said sales had knowledge
of, or participated in, such fraudulent practices or
combinations.
3.  Resolved, That, the said committee be in-
structed to inquire whether the registers of land
offices and the receivers of the public moneys at
any of the land offices of the United States, or
either of them, have, in violation of law, and of
their official duties, demanded or accepted a bonus
or premium from any purchaser or purchasers of
the public lands at public or private sale, for the
benefit of such officer or officers, as a condition
on which such purchaser or purchasers should be
allowed to enter or purchase any tract or tracts of
land offered for sale by the United States; and,
also, whether any register or receiver as afore-
said, has been guilty of fraud or partiality in the
sales of the public lands by adopting rules and
regulations in their respective offices inconsistent
with the laws of the United States.
4.  Resolved, That the said committee inquire
whether the public lands at any land office in the
State of Mississippi have been sold otherwise than
for cash; and whether any register or receiver in
said State has, at any time, taken in payment the
promissory note of any purchaser or purchasers,
bearing an interest to accrue to the benefit of such
register or receiver.
■    5. Resolved, That in prosecution of said inquiries
the committee have power to send for persons and
papers, and to examine witnesses before them on
oath, touching the matters aforesaid.
Mr. MORRIS said that these resolutions em-
braced very extensive grounds, and invested the
committee with very extensive powers, and it was
necessary to know and understand the grounds on
which they intended to proceed. He thought that,
in order properly to proceed in the way which was
indicated by the resolutions, some gentleman ought
to have presented a memorial, or some specific
subject of complaint. The power was given to
send for persons and papers to all parts of the
United States. He was not opposed to the inves-
tigation, but he wished to place it on the true
grounds,'so as to preserve individual rights and
the public good. We had been told that abuses
existed. It might be so; and if it were, and the
guilty persons could be discovered, he would be
in favor of dismissing them instantly. He rose
now to offer the following additional resolution as
an amendment to those under consideration:
Resolved, That the committee before they pro-
ceed to inquire into the conduct of any register or
receiver of the public moneys at any land office
in the United States, make out a specification of
charges and facts which the committee believe to
be true, and into which they shall be of opinion
an inquiry ought to be made; that they transmit a
copy of the same to such register or receiver, who
shall have the privilege to produce before the com-
mittee such testimony in his favor as he shall think
proper.
Mr. POINDEXTER said the resolution was
entirely unnecessary, as the committee would pur-
sue the course they would think right. The Com-
mittee knew nothing, and were presumed to know
nothing, of the facts, but they would take proper
steps to make the investigation; and if it became
necessary to give notice, that course would be pur-
sued. He thought the resolution improper and
unnecessary.
Mr. CLAYTON thought it a bad precedent for
future cases. It was calling on the committee to
make out the specification of charges without
having any facts before them.
- Mr. MORRIS said the resolutions of the gentle-
man from Mississippi were altogether accusatory
in their character. What, then, was the real char-
acter of them? Were they to correct abuses? Not
at all. What was to be the result of the inquiry?
He rose for the purpose of protecting, to the ex-
tent of his ability, the rights of the free citizens of
the country. Implications were contained in the
resolution against the character of the public offi-
cers in their private reputations, and as long as he
had the honor of a seat here, he would raise his
voice to protect them against such an inquisitorial
power. Did the committee ask this power with-
out any evidence of the offence existing? Were
they to draw before them just such persons as
should be accused, and shut out from them all
knowledgeof their accusers, upon charges which,
if explained, would, perhaps, vanish as air? He
could notbelieve it. He asked thegentleman from
Mississippi for a precedent for such a power being
conferred without some previous call for it. He
knew of none. He wished to impose no burden
on the committee, but he felt it a duty to himself
and the people he represented that, when called on
to perform a trust, he would do it. It was the
right of every man accused to be heard. This pro-
ceeding might be right, but it was not according
to his ideas of what was due to every American
freeman.
Mr. SHEPLEY desired, if it was in'order, that
the question might be taken on each resolution
separately. He was disposed to afford a full and
fair examination into the conduct of all the offi-
cers of Government, and the sale and disposition
of the public lands. He was not desirous of ex-
cluding any information relating to the subject.
He was disposed to vote for the first and second
resolutions, but not for the third and fifth. They
were imperative, instructing, not authorizing, the
committee to inquire into the conduct of a whole
class of public officers in any branch of that service,
which he did not think was fair. There might be
abuses, but they should be designated that we
may know on whom the imputation is to rest.
But in the present shape of the resolutions, it is
on all, without exception.   The authority to send
