1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
219
A bill for the relief of the widow of Clement
B. Penrose;
A bill for the relief of Philip Hickey.
On motion of Mr. BELL, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 6, 1834.
Mr. EVANS leported a bill to restore to certain
individuals pensions by them lelinquished; which
was read twice and committed.
The House suspended the rule to enable Mr J.
Q. ADAMS to submit the following resolution;
whu-h lies one day for consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report to this House a statement of all
the sums denominated in the Treasury accounts
unavmlabl funds, specifically designating the sev-
eral banks or individuals indebted to the Treasury
therefor, the time when each debt first became
due, the time when failure of payment thereof
first occurred, the security, if any, which the pub-
lic have for the payment thereof, at any time, and
the prospect of such eventual payment.
On motion of Mr. DUNLAP,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a third judicial district in the State of
Tennessee, and o{ requiring the judge of the dis-
trict of East and West Tennessee to hold one or
more terms of said court annually, at the town of
Jackson, in said State.
On motion of Mr. McCARTY,
Resolved, That the Committee on Private Land
Claims be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of authorizing theofficers of the land office at
Port Wayne, and the Commissioner of the Gene-
ral Land Office, to correct an error in the entry of
an eighty-acre lot of land, in the name of William
O'Neal, of Delaware county, Indiana, made at
the Fort Wayne land office, on the 29th of Sep-
tember, 1831
Mr. CLAY reported a bill for the relief of James
Kitchens, which was read twice and ordered to be
engiossed for a third reading to morrow.
Mr. SL ADE, of Illinois, a bill for the survey of
certain roads and canals, and improvement of har-
bors m Michigan
Also, a bill granting a certain quantity of land
to Ohio and Indiana-, to open a navigable commu-
nication between the Wabash river and Lake
Erie, which were read twice and committed.
PUBLIC DEPOSITES.
The House resumed the consideration of the
following resolution offered by Mr Makdis
Raolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of reporting a bill requiring the Secretary of
the Tieasuiy to deposite the public moneys of the
United States in the State banks, and, also, as
to the expediency of defining by law all contracts
hereafter to be made with thL Secretary for the
safe-keeping, management, and d.sbursement of
the same
Mr CLOWNEY resumed. He considered
that Mr Daane had been impropeily removed
from the office of Secretary of the Treasury, to
make way for one whose first act was to deny the
powei of the House, from «hom he alone consti-
tutionally derived it But the House were to judge
of the lmpoitince of the doctrines he advanced,
and if they sanctioned them they might tell the
people to be deceived as to their notions of inde-
pendence, for they would, in effect, decide that the
President of the United States having thus,
through the medium of that officei, the control of
tne purse as well as the sword, he possessed more
power than iny king of Gi eat Butairi Ilewould,
m conclusion, avow that it was his determinaron
to vote against this resolution, and eveiv íesolu
tion with a similar object, unt.lthe deposites were
restored, aftei wmch he was prepared to vote for
any measuies which should be deemed necessary
foi their ultimate eecun'v
Mi CLAYTON said he would havebeen glad,
on a formei occisión, if tne rules of the House
had permitted him to so into some e\planation
which seemed to be called foi A ora htm, fiom the
peculiar situation in which he stood vth legird
*o this bank subject He would, in the outset,
consider the   ¡uestion of the powei of removal
that was involved, leaving the question of the
influence which the restoration of the deposites
would have in rechartenng the bank, to those
who deemed it of more importance than he did.
Before, however, he would proceed in the discus-
sion, he must advert to what had fallen from the
honorable member from Alabama, [Mr. Mardis,]
when he had donejnm the honor of making him
the subject of his speech If that honorable
member professed his wonder as to what he
thought of his conduct, what was to be thought
of his own, in submitting his present resolution
for legislative interference' Did he not, by his
own proposition, condemn the measures of the
President' For if he had the right to take the
deposites from the bank, by virtue of a lawful
power vested in him, he asked where was the
necessity for legislation on the subject' It would,
in this point of view, be impertinent But thus it
was with those persons who spoke in one place
what they wished only to be heard in another,
and they pointed out inconsistency in anothei,
which they overlooked in themselves. He avowed
that he wanted no other proof of the illegality of
the act of the removal, when the bad consequences
that followed it were evinced by this attempt to
bolster it up by future legislation.
The honorable member from Alabama professed
not to understand his (Mr. C 's) conduct, but this
was, he thought, because he did not want to do so
The honorable gentleman seemed to think that the
two questions of restoration and recharter Were
the same, but he must be permitted to suspect the
motives of those who pretended to think so, and
he hoped to be able to satisfy that gentleman him-
self, that his conduct was not so inconsistent as he
would have it appear, notwithstanding the aston-
ishment which he feels, or affects to feel. He,
however, would rather appear inconsistent at any
time than unjust, and he would give two answers,
by way of illustration, which, he trusted, would
be sufficient It was the practice in Georgia, where
actions were broughtto obtain by one means what
could not be obtained by another, to put in plea
that the purpose of the action was foi selfish pur-
poses , and the courts, holding this sufficient, would
dismiss the action, on the ground of being vindic-
tive, aibitrary, and unjust This, however, might
not be the practice in the State of Alabama There,
their practice might be, to hold on to the case, the
worse it would appear His second answer to the
charge might be found in an anecdote told, and
which happened in Alabama, where, a man having
been charged with the crime of murder, the jury
found him guilty of—shop lifting' The court
pronounced that it was impossible such a verdict
could be received The jury retired, and, after a
long absence, they came to the logical conclusion,
that, if the man was not guilty of shop lifting, he
most certainly was of—sheep stealing And to
this most righteous conclusion they availed them-
selves of tl eir constitutional privileges as jurors to
cling And he argued to show, that as he had pi e-
feired his índictmen* for murder against the bpnk,
on various charges, of which it had been acquitted,
he was not bound to think as others did, and b'lng
in a verdict that the bank was guilty of shop lifting
or of sheep-stealing Hearraignedtheconduct of
the President of the United States as inconsistent
in removing the deposites, after the action of Con-
gress upon his messages, in pronouncing the depos-
ites safe, and which he could not support. His
purpose, originally, was honestly to pievent a
continuance of the bank, because he believed that
it v.as unconstitutional But he refened to the pro-
ceedings of the bank committee, to justify him that
iheir motives were diffeient from what was attrib-
uted to him Congress had considered these reports,
andm acting upon them, did not say the deposites
should be iemo\ed, or the charter revoked On
the contrary, he asked, was theie not a bill passed
by them to íecharter the institution—a vote of the
House that the deposites weie safe  And yet,
upon weaker testimony tnan that by which these
verdicts of acquittal had been pionounced, gentle-
men who voted fo' these measures weie to be found
now airayed on the opposite side. He thu« con-
tended, whatever was his pnvate opinion of the
justice of the veidict, that, as the bank had two
veidicU against hirr, instead of his having a ver-
dict against 11, he was not inconsistent in yielding
He remained, howevei, still unconvinced as to the
opinion he had entertained against its constitu-
tionality. But upon the question of the expe-
diency of having such an institution, he must can-
didly confess he had changed his opinion, and
this change was brought upon him from seeing the
consequences which followed the rash and vacil-
lating acts of the Executive, in substituting other
institutions for the bank He considered the act
of removing the deposites to be much more uncon-
stitutional than the bank, because it was a plainer
case, and it had perpetrated more mischief. The
country and the Administration had been divided
upon the question of constitutionality And he
went on to argue, from the letters of Mr. Duane,
(which be read extracts from,) that the removal
was improper, and had been prompted by two mo-
tives, by which, he alleged, from public rumor, the
present Administration were malignly influenced.
These motives were, avarice and ambition; which
were to be gratified by obtaining riches, by specu-
lation in stocks, &c , to be used as a stepping-stone
to office. For these purposes, as the bank stood
in the way, and as it would not do to wait for the
expiration of its charter, it was deemed necessary
to have it cut down, and to organize such a
moneyed regency here, as had been successfully
piactised elsewheie. He was therefore compelled,
if opposed to the bank on the grounds of uncon-
stitutionality, to be much more so to these meas-
ures of the Administration Having argued against
the power claimed by the Executive, he said that
the effect of the withdrawal of the public moneys
must be to make the bank what it never was in-
tended by the charter to be—a private institution,
the control over which was, by the act, given up
to the directors
Mr. C. here gave way, without having con-
cluded, to a motion to proceed to the order of the
day.
Mr LYON, of Michigan, presented a resolution
of the Council of Michigan, requesting the estab-
lishment of a sepaiate territorial government west
of Lake Michigan, and a recognition of the line
running west from the southern extreme of Lake
Michigan, established by the 5th article of the
ordinance of 1787 as the southern boundary of
that Territory. Referred to the Committee on
the Territories, and ordered to be punted.
Mr LYON, of Michigan, presented a memorial
of the citizens of Oakland county, in the Territory
of Michigan, praying the grant of a township of
land to aid the establishment of a seminary of
learning in said county. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands
Mr. LYON, of Michigan, presented a petition
from numerous citizens of the counties of Monroe
and Lenawee, in the Territory of Michigan, ^ray-
ing the establishment of a post route from Port
Lawience, thiough Adrian and other places, to
intersect the Chicago road, in the county of Hills-
dale, in said Terntory Referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads
Mr LYON, of Michigan, presented a petition
of numerous citizens of Michigan Territory, pray-
ing that a road maybe laid out anu established
from Fort Gratiot, at the foot of Lake Huion,
through the county seat of Lasseur county, to the
Grand river, and thence to intersect the road lead-
ing from Detroit to Chicago Referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill reported from the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims, to provide for the settlement of cer-
tain revolutionary claims.           
Mr BROWN, who was entitled to the floor,
spoke at considerable length in favor of the bill.
Mr WISE followed on the same ¡>>de
Mr GILMER spoke in favor of passing a gen-
eral bill on this suoject, but to the bill reported by
the committee he was decidedly opposed He
suggested many considerations, which he thought
ought to induce the House to recommit the bill
for amendment He accordingly moved the re-
commitment of the bill, but withdrew it for the
present
Mi .MARSHALL spoke in support of the bill,
and in reply to the gentleman from Geoigia,
[Mr Gilmer] At half past three o'clock, with-
out concluding, he gave way to a motion to ad-
journ
On motion of Mr BURGES,
The House adjourned.
