1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
229
Mr. WRIGHT, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of the heirs of Samuel
Gibbs, with an amendment. The report and
amendment were ordered to be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the same committee, re
ported a bill from the House of Representatives
for the relief of the executors of Samuel Peers, and
the executors of Joseph Falconer, with an amend-
ment; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SMITH, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary ,-reported a bill for the relief of Ithiel Town;
which was read.
Mr. SMITH, from the same committee, re-
ported a hill for the relief of the heirs of Thomas
Worthington, deceased; which, at his instance,
without being read, was laid on the table.
Mr. NAUDAIN, from the Committee on
Claims, reported a bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives, without amendment, for the relief of
James Tilford; which was read.
Mr. NAUDAIN, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Joseph Tilghman and
Benjamin Bird, without amendment, and of Job
Pomeroy with an amendment.
Mr. ROBINSON presented a petition from sun-
dry inhabitants of VermiWion county, Illinois,
praying the establishment of a post route.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, pursuant to notice,
introduced a bill relative to certain land claims in
Alabama; which was read twice, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
The following resolution was submitted by Mr.
GRUNDY:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to the Senate the
dates of the proclamations, and the times of sales
specified in each, for the sales of the public lands
in the district of country acquired from tbe Choc-
taw tribe of Indians by the treaty of Dancing Rab-
bit Creek, and from the Creek tribe of Indians in
Alabama; and also the causes, if any existed, of
a shorter notice being given for the sale of these
lands, than is usual in the sale of the other public
lands.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, presented the memo-
rial of Samuel Smith and others, setting forth their
claims to a reservation of lands; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a petition from an officer in the late war,
who was disbanded at its close, praying a grant
of land for himself and other officers in similar
circumstances, m consideration of the embarrass-
ments growing out of a change thus effected in
their situation. The memorial was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. E WING called up the resolution submitted
by him the other day, when, after some modifica-
tions and amendments, made by Mr. GRUNDY
and the mover, they were severally adopted.
Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee on Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of John McClanahan;
which was read.
Mr. TIPTON presented the petition of Robert
Harris; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CLAYTON called up for consideration his
resolutions, submitted a few days since; which
were considered, modified, and amended by Mr.
GRUNDY* and the mover, and adopted.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented the petition of
Oliver Cromwell; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. POINDEXTER, the Senate,
a little before four o'clock, proceeded to executive
business, and continued therein until half past five
o'clock, when
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 11, 1834.
Mr. J. Gt. ADAMS said that not having hadan
opportunity yesterday to present the resolutions
of the Legislature of the Commonwealth of Mas-
sachusetts, he now asked the unanimous consent
of the House to present them.
An objection being made,
Mr. ADAMS moved the suspension of the rule
of the House for the purpose of enabling him to
present the resolutions.
The motion was rejected.
Mr. THOMSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of the
heirs of Colonel Rosewell Lee; read twice.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Kentucky, reported an act
for the benefit of Pamela Adams; read twice and
committed.
Mr. CARR, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Henry
Stoddard, representative of Francis Duchoquet;
which was read twice, committed to a Committee
of the Whole House, and made the order of the
day for to-morrow.
Mr. CARR, from the same committee, reported
a bill from the Senate for the relief of Lafontaine
& Son, without an amendment; which was re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
made the order of the day for to-morrow.
Mr. CARR, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the reliefof William O'.Neale, of Indiana;
which was read twice, and ordered to be engrossed
for its third reading tomorrow.
Mr. CARR, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of John Bills, with an amend-
ment from the Senate; which was committed.
On motion of Mr. CARR, the papers in the case
of Louis Honore Tesson are ordered to be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. DUNCAN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill from the Senate; which was
committed.
Mr. ARCHER, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, reported the following resolution; which
was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of purchasing the library and the official and pri-
vate manuscript papers of General Washington,
to be deposited in the Department of State.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee, from the Committee
on the Judiciary, reported a bill from the Senate,
for changing the time of holding the courts of the
United States in the district of Delaware; which
was twice read, and ordered to be engrossed.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON, from the Committee
on Private Land Claims, reported a Senate bill,
with amendments, for the adjustment of land
claims in Louisiana.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved that the Com-
mittee of the Whole be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the bill to provide for the
final settlement of land claims in Louisiana, Ar-
kansas, and Florida; so as to bring the bill into
the House.
Mr. ELLSWORTH opposed the motion, as it
gave preference to the bill over other business.
Mr. MANN, of New York, urged the necessity
of speedy action on the bill, in order to relieve the
Committee on Private Land Claims from the ne-
cessity of acting, without sufficient evidence, upon
a large mass of claims.
Messrs. JOHNSON and SEVIER supported
the motion; and the question  being  taken, the
motion was agreed to:
Ayes 85, noes 60.
Mr. CLAIBORNE stated thathewas requested
by the" Committee on Elections to ask leave for
the committee to sit during the sittings of the
House; and leave was accordingly granted.
Mr. PARKS, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill for the relief of Joseph V.
Gamier; which was read twice and committed.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committeeon Ter-
ritories, reported a bill providing for taking a
census of the inhabitants of the eastern division
of the Territory of Michigan, and of the Territory
of Arkansas; which bill was read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, from the Committee on
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the legal
representatives of William Finley; which was read
twice and committed.
It. wantin - two minutes of one o'clock, Mr.
CLAYTON, of Georgia, rose and said, he must
throw himself on the indulgence of the House for
permission to proceed with his remarks on the
resolution submitted by the gentleman from Ala-
bama. He had had the misfortune, he said, to be
knocked from one week into another.
Mr. POLK hoped the gentlemen would be wil-
ling to suspend his remarks, in order that he might
be enabledrfo call up the appropriation bills.
Mr. CLAYTON said he would willingly assist
in that object after he had finished his speech,
and he would promise not to say all now that he
knew.
A motion was then made to proceed to the
orders of the day, and agreed to.
THE PUBLIC DEPOSITES.
The House resumed the consideration of the
following resolution, submitted by Mr. Mardis,
of Alabama:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire into the expediency
ofreporting a bill requiring the Secretary of the
Treasury to deposite the public moneys of the
United States in the State banks; and,' also, aa
to the expediency of defining by law all contracts
hereafter to be made with the Secretary for the
safe-keeping, management, and disbursement of
the same.
Mr. CLAYTON resumed,'and proceeded to
controvert the positions assumed by the Secretary
of the Treasury, in relation to his powers over the
public money, and to the duties enjoined upon the
bank when incorporated; arguing to show that the
bank was established by the Government from the
necessity that then existed to have their funds
transferred from one part of the Union to the other,
to revive commerce, preserve the currency from the
ruinous state to which it was reduced by the 'oai
paper currency, and for other purposes. The act
of incorporation being in the nature of a contract,
he could not agree, however desirous the Govern-
ment might be to succeed with the present exper-
iment, thatthey had the same right which a sover-
eign State might have to nullify their own contract.
But reviewing all the circumstances of the act of
removing the deposites,it was evident to him that,
as the President had taken the responsibility of the
act upon himself, he had made up an issue which
was to be decided upon, whether he or Congress
was to have the future control over the purse of
the nation. The arrangements made with the State
banks by him, proved that he had transferred to
them the rights to regulate commerce, coin money,
and all other powers given by the Constitution
to the Government over the currency. It never
had been contended that, when the charter was
granted, Congress had usurped any power which
rightfully belonged to the Executive. And he
maintained that, as the power over the public
money belonged to Congress of right, they alone,
standing as contracting parties with the bank by
the act incorporating it, had the control over it.
The Secretary was directed to give his reasons,
but if the power was contended to be vested in the
Executive, it would follow that Congress might
have also required the President to give Jiis rea-
sons. Was not this an absurdity that naturally
followed the doctrine? But where was there any
precedent for a law requiring the President to give
his reasons to Congress for any official act? Sup-
pose Congress had provided in the charter that the
President should give his reasons for the removal
of the deposites, if he did remove them; would he,
as a coordinate branch of the Government, have
submitted to the degradation? Was it not idle,
then, to suppose that Congress had required rea-
sons of an officer who had no will of his own,
and was the mere organ of the will of the Pres-
ident?
It was further attempted to support the power
of the President by arguments: That theTreasury
was only a branch of the executive department,
and that the appointing power, as well as the
power of removal, gave the President the power of
controlling the judgment of the officer executing
the duties of the office. But he argued to show
that, if such doctrines were true, then they must
apply to all the other civil officers of the Govern-
ment, and the President would be thus enabled to
put at defiance every law which regulated the
performance of duties specified by Congress. For
example, he might interfere with the obligation of
the Secretary to report his reasons to Congress,
and desire him to report to himself,_although this
obligation to report to Congress was introduced by
them in order to retain within their own hands
full control over the deposites, which the Secretary
in his reasons had assumed they had parted with,
