1834.                                 THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                  235
lands for cutting a canal from the Wabash river
to' Lake Erie, and for other purposes; which
was read and ordered to a second reading, and
the documents accompanying it directed to be
printed.
Mr. WEBSTER presented the proceedings of
a public meeting, and the memorial of persons
composing the same, of Brooklyn, New York, in
favor of a restoration of the deposites, and the re-
charter of the Bank of the United States; which
were read, referred to the Committee on Finance,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the memorial of
inhabitants of Suffolk, New York, praying an
appropriation for the improvement of certain
inlets of Long Island; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. TOMLINSON, from the Committee on
Pensions, reported a bill from the House of Rep-
resentatives relative to pensions; which was read
and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. TOMLINSON, from the same committee,
asked to be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the petition of Christopher Casey, and
that it be referred to the Secretary of War; which
was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE presented two memorials, one
from Eastport,and the other from Lubec, Maine,
praying the restoration of the deposites, and the
recharter of the Bank of the United States; which
were read, referred to the Committee on Finance,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KENT presented the petitions of James
Williams and Benedict I. Heard; the first of
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, and the latter to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. SPRAGUE, from the Committee on Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of David and Ebe-
nezer Robinson; which was read and ordered to a
second reading.
Mr. KANE presented the petition of Susannah
Pratt; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. KANE, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a large number of private
bills, (the titles of which could not be heard dis-
tinctly by the reporter,) from the House of Rep-
resentatives; which were laid upon the taijle.
The following resolution was submitted by Mr.
SPRAGUE:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
continuing, for a limited time, the act entitled " An
act for the relief of certain insolvent debtors of
the United States," passed on the 2J of March,
A. D. 1831.
Mr. TYLER presented the memorial of inhab-
itants of the towns of Fredericksburg and Fal-
mouth, in Virginia, praying the restoration of the
deposites to the Bank of the United States.
Also, the proceedings of a public meeungof in-
habitants of Accomac county, Virginia, of similar
import.                                                        .                 !
Mr. TYLER observed, on presenting these i
' memorials, that the memorialists prayed a restora- ,
Hon of the deposites as the proper remedy for their
sufferings, and why should we not restore them ?
it is not the Bank of the United States that they ;
look to, but the country, the wants of the country,
and the requirements of the Constitution ani the
laws of the country. He cared not for the Dank,
nor had he inquired whether the Bank required the
restoration of the deposites. He rather desired to
fee it put to death tranquilly, and that public con-
fidence may be restored by producing harmony
between the President and his Secretary and the
bank. He condemned the remark of the gentle-
man from Georgia, [Mr. Forsyth,] that the Pres-
ident could not in honor retrace his steps, lite
country was in deen distress, and the honor oí the
President required him to consult the best interests
of the countiy. Thehoi.or of consistency m con-
tinuing in error was to bnrg contempt upon the
country. Virginia, too, was the constant theme ot
the gentleman's attacks. The State of his oirth,
which had given as many evidences of her attach-
ment to the Union as any other, had been con-
demned because a former Administration, under a.
Virsnia Ptesident, had done the same thing winch
she~now comnlains of m this, without receiving
condemnation from her. Mr. T. then proceeded
at length to prove there was no analogy between
the act of Mr. Crawford, in 1817, and that of the
present "Secretary, and that the precedent was
nothing, as all those acts passed without notice at
that time, because no one called the proceedings
in question.
Mr. BROWN thought he might throw some
light on the subject of the distress complained of.
It would be recollected that the great staple of the
State of Virginia was tobacco.   That State had
been long engaged in its cultivation, from her ear-
liest history.    He held in his hand a paper con-
taining the prices current in Richmond, and it
would be found by it (the Richmond Enquirer of
the 8th instant) that good tobacco was now selling
at from $8 to $9 per hundred, and fine at from $9
to $10, which was better than the average price of
the article had been for five years past, and it was
considered not only a handsome, but a rich com-
pensation,  to receive $6.    The price of bank
stocks was also given,and exhibited the stocks of
the State and Farmers' Banks of Virginia at 1084,
being 8| per cent, above par.   This threw some
more light on this picture of distress; and yet if
we listen to representations abroad, that ancient
Commonwealth is prostrated by this removal of
the deposites.    Thegentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Tyler] wished the bank to expire in tranquillity.
And who disturbed it? Surely not the President
of the United States.    Did he seize on its rights,
or any member of the Government obstruct its
operations? No.    It still carried on all its opera-
tions.    The deposites, to  be sure, were taken
away; but they were not the property of the bank.
By the gentleman's argument, the bank had an
unlimited, unqualified property in the deposites.
If prayers were to be sent forth against the Presi-
dent, it struck him the Executive was not to be
responsible, but the president and directors of the
bank.   They were responsible for the distress of
this operation. Thegentleman from Virginia [Mr. ¡
Leigh] had mistaken the individual for the object |
upon which the responsibility rested. As respected <
the matter of honor upon the President in retra- j
cing his steps, he supposed the mere question of ¡
honor would be but a small consideration with j
him.    He looked to a higher, a nobler duty—a
duty to the Constitution of the country and the
people of the country.    He protested against any
gentleman  taking  into  custody  the  President's
honor.    He had no doubt the President would
bear and would wear his own honors with honor
to himself.
Mr. LEIGH said the memorial lately presented
from Richmond was signed by every tobacco mer-
chant there, and they asserted that the price of
the article was reduced from 15 to20 per cent. But
the true test of the value was the price of the arti-
cle in foreign, markets. In Richmond the price
varied atfrom $3 to $25 and $30.    And asregarded
the bank, and that the only way of satisfying the
people was to continue the bank for a limited time.
This was the uniform language. Restore the de-
posites to-morrow, and let there be no well-found-
ed hope of a recharter of the bank, and things will
remain precisely as they are. The bank could do
nothing more with than without the deposites. If
it was to wind up, it must wind up, and that could
not be done without continuing the pressure.
These were the universal sentiments entertained,
and the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Tyler,]
in view of his former convictions, must be blind to
the true question. The questions could not be
separated; it was not a triumph to be achieved _
over the Administration in the restoration of the
deposites, but a triumph over it in the recharter of
the bank.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Tyler] said,
in reference to him, (Mr. F.,) that he had said
Virginia never condemned a change of the Gov-
ernment deposites when the act was done under
the administration of a Virginia President. Now
what was the fact? The present Executive wae
not a Virginian, and his course was denied to be
legal and constitutional by the Legislature of Vir-
ginia. The question, then, was the removal of
the deposites from one place of safety to another
place of safety. And did not Mr. Gallatin, under
the administration of Mr. Jefferson, do the same
thing? He was a Virginian. And the deposites
were removed, not only with the approbation of
Congress, but without a murmer of complaint from
any quarter. And was this union of the purse
and the sword, this usurpation of power,-this
trampling the Constitution in the dust, condemned
by Virginia? Never,never. And for what pur-
pose were the deposites removed by Mr. Craw-
ford ? Why, for the sole purpose of sustaining the
tottering Slate banks.' And who thought at that
day of abusing the President of the United States
for a usurpation of power? No man. Mr. Craw-
ford's conduct, too, was the subject of accusation
before Congress. He was charged with transfer-
ring the public funds without giving his reasons to
Congress for the act, and what was the report of
thecommitteeofinvestigation ? Theyunanimously
acquitted him, and accepted of his reasons. But
what was then said as to the usurpation of power,
the plundering of the public money, the violation
of vested rights, the trampling of the Constitution
under foot ? It never entered into the imagination
of man that it was an act violating either the letter
or spirit of the Constitution and laws. Here was
an example sustaining him in point of fact. It
mifht have been condemned, but if it had been, he
had yet to learn it. But the gentleman had told
us he heard with some surprise an accusation
against Virginia by a native son of Virginia. He
(Mr. F ) had made no accusation—he intended to
make none. He referred only to the fact to estab-
lish the course the State had taken,and that which
the price of bank stocks in Virginia, they were ¡j she now desired, and would hereafter pursue; and
__     1       i   .       ,      i        .i        i          _____¿:___., „ *   *~    ..„,-. 1-, „,.         ...L!«I,   ¡f nlin    /liil    nn von a     otic   iirrvnlil   Sr t   mpAneiat..
affected lately by the determination not to rechar
l ter the bank. Before that question was settled, !;
i the prices were low. But afterwards, when it was ,'
1 settled the bank was not to be rechartered, cam- ¡j
! talists sought investment, and stock rose to 112 ,¡
j and 1134. But since the Treasury measure, they ,i
¡j have fallen to 1084.                                                      ¡¡
' I     Mr. FORSY l'H said the first memorial present- ;;
i! ed came to him under circumstances of great force   j)
:| It was couched in very respectful language, and ,.
1 ¡'came from most respectable persons m Virginia,
1 ¡ and a portion of its signers resided upon the spot
; where he first saw the light. Of coarse he coald :
:'' not say anything which was not respectful or kind ,;
of them. No doubt they expressed their own ,|
'! wants and their distress, and they asked a restora- |i
jj tion of the deposites; upon which subject he da- ,j
¡! fered with them in opinion,                                       l!
i     ThegentlemanfromVirginiacharged the friends ,;
; of the Administration with having changed their ,|
!   language upon the subject of the deposites.    Asto I:
': Ivmself, (Mr. F. said,) this was a great mistake. <j
¡' From the first, he said the removal of the depos- *
" ites could not produce the distress.   This was tne ,
very language he held now.  The gentleman fiom ,|
Massachusetts had told us in express terms, that ¡j
the deposites was a matter of no material consid- u
er-uion     That the only mode of restoring public ||
confidence, and .elievmg the publ.c distress, was i,
to reconcile, to harmonize the Administration and b
which if she did pursue, she would act inconsist-
ently with her course when one of her own distin-
guished sons [Mr. Jefferson] was at the head of
the Government.
The gentleman had also said it was dishonor-
able in the President not to retrace his steps when
in error. It was true, an honest and courageous
man would retrace his steps when he was con-
vinced he was in error. But what must be the
character of that man who retracts when he is not
convinced ? Could the gentleman doubt, could any
man doubt, that the President of the United States
thought this step was necessary, not only to the
public good but to the public liberty ? And enter-
taining this opinion, he would be covered with
everlasting infamy if he recoiled from the act or
its responsibility.
The debate was further continued by Messrs.
WEBSTER, EWING, PRESTON, TYLER,
and FORSYTH.
When, at half past three o'clock, on motion of
Mr. PORTER,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, Mm-ch 13, 1S34.
Mr. CLAY, from the Comnvttee on the Public
Lands, reported a bill to change the boundaries of
certain land districts m Michigan, and for other
