240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14.
heirs, when the General was known to
have retned after that event, considered
as the close of the war, commutation pay
was granted by both Houses, with httle or
no difficulty.
The argument of the gentleman from
New Hampshire goes, however, in fact,
not so much against the admission of pre-
sumptive evidence, as against the admis-
sion of any claim on the part of the retir-
ing officeis under the resolves of 1780. if
I understood him correctly, his arguments,
if they are to have any weight, must lead
to that result—an injustice he certainly
could never have intended—an injustice, at
all events, so crying, that this House never
will, never can, think of sanctioning it.
As to the objection  raised by the gen-
tleman from New Yoik, [Mr. Vakder-
poel,] they are so evidently founded upon
a misappiehension of the whole subject,
that it is scarcely necessary to give them a
íeply. Leaving the mass ol the gentle-
man's strange assertions to other gentle-
men of the Committee on Revolutionar)
Claims, I will make a few íemiiks upon i
his puncipal objection. He says the act I
of May 15, 1828, made provisions for these
claims, and was intended for that purpose.
Now, sir, if I understand it, the object of
that act was, and must have been, an en-
tirely different one. It provides for officers
and soldiers; vvheieas, officers alone aie
entitled to commutation. It ptovides foi
living officers only, while commutation is
a right descending to heirs. It grants
no higher pay than that of a captain, no
matter what rank mav have been held;
whcieas five yeais' full pay, according to
the rank of the officers, is the commuta-
tion of half pay fui lile, granted by the
resolve of M.uch, 1783.
Sn, the object oi the act of 1S28 was to
ehow the giatitude of the nation for the I
services rendeied  by the officers and sol-
dieis who coi tinned in I he service to the
close  of the war,  and  to compensate in
borne measure for the eiiduied losses and
pnvations oi evoiy desenption. The claims
piowded  for by the present bill,  on  the
other hand, aie founded upon expieos con-
tiact between  the then e\istmg Govern-
ment and the officers ot the Army.    The  I
onoimil contiact was,'that those who hid
seived until the spring of 17S1, when the  i
reorganization of the Ai my uudei the íes- \
olutions  ol   Octobei,   1780,  took   place, |
should h no half pav foi life, and that those  i
also who continued  in  the service to the i
end  oí   the wai   in  addition-to  then  lull
pay dining such  continuance, should  be  '
entitled to half pay  during lile, to com-1
menee fiom  the time of then  reduction.  I
In 17S3, ouing to the «.npopulaiitv of this I
mode oí payment—it appealing to cieate  i
somr thing like a pmileged class—the con- !|
tract was changed with the consent of par-
ties.     The lulf pa} foi life was commuted
by a grant of five ye ir,' full pay.   This was
accrpted, not by officers individually, but i
by lines and corps not belonging to pai-
ticul ¡r States, by the officers of the hos-1
pital depntment, and by the íetned offi- I
cers in each State collectively. Can it be
doubted for a moment that the officers of
the Army who fulfilled their pai t of the con-
tract, have a right to look to the Govern-
ment for a fulfillment of its piomise? Can
it be doubted whether the Government is
bound to make its contiact good ? There
is no escaping, Mr. Speaker. Pay them
you must-j-thoselmean who retned under
the resolves of 1787, and the consequent
new arrangement of the army, and those
who served to the end of the war, unless
jou choose condescending to plead the
limitation act, and to commit the most
I gross and outrageous injustice.
j The great mass of these claims, it is
, admitted, have already been paid, perhaps
nineteen out of every twenty. If, com-
piratively speaking, some few remain un-
I paid, it was in most cases not owing to an
ignorance of their rights in the claimants,
I as the gentleman from New York would
seem to say the committee had insinuated,
but to the paiticulai mode (collectively by
a majority) m which the commutation had
been accepted ; to patriotism, which held
many back fiom asking whit they well
knew an impoveushed Government could
not easily pay; to acknowledge that the i
certificate gianted in lieu of pay was, at
that time, scarcely worth asking for; and ,
to other causes detailed by the committee ,
in their report.
Sir, instead of the act of May, 1828, being con-
sidered as making compensation for commutation
pay, the very reverse is the case. Having received
commutation, entities to the benefits of the act of
1828, and leceivmgthe benefits of that act, entitles
to commutation, if not before received, although
half pay under the Virginia laws, notwithstanding
the asseition of the gentleman from New York,
will exclude, and necessarily exclude ñon com-
mutation. A light to commutation, and a title to
the benefitsof the actof 1828, are necessarily con-
nected one with the other, both requiung the same
sei vices, although the" aie entirely different re-
wards. Thus., when the Treasury Department,
under whose direction the act of '28 is executed,
asks foi the pioofs which aie to entitle the claim-
ants to the benefit of that act, it íequne? them to
decíate—this being the strongest possible pioof,
the claim being a valid one—it leqmies them to
declaré that they have received then commutation
certificates. Here, sir, is the form ofa declaration,
prepared at the Treasury Department, which ap-
plicants for the benefit!, of the act of 1828 are
required to sign.    It runs thus.
" Toi the pui pose of obtaining the benefits of an
'act entitled < An act for the relief of ceitain sur-
I 1828, and at another session it passes an act giving
I him his commutation At one session it gives to
I Ephiaim Whitaker the benefits of the act of '28,
and at another it gives him commutation. Do
i gentlemen, can gentlemen, desire anything more?
I If the gentleman from New Yoik will be candid,
be will admit that he was under wrong impres-
sions. Upon thelastcase—thecaseof Whitakei—
he has himself acted but a few weeks since, he
approved of it, because, though he may not have
voted, silence here gives consent. In cases of this
kind there is, in fact, no excuse. ' Let no man
complain that a bill passes sub sikntio, as the gen-
tleman has said. When bills of this description
are reported to the House, they are invariably
accompanied by a report, detailing the facts of the
case, and the evidence by which it is supported.
This report is laid upon the desk of members—if
they do not choose to read it—if they do not choose
to be in their places when the bill is considered in
the Committee of the Whole—if they do not at the
proper time make oljections—are they entitled
afterwards to complain ofa bill passing sub silentio,
or is it expected that committees shall themselves
raise objections to their own bills and repoits,
and thus call upon gentlemen to deliver speeches
where they are deemed unnecessary by the com-
mittee >
But, Mi. Speaker, I will not myself take uo the
l time of the House unnecessarily. If ever justice
and expediency requiied the passage of any law,
I will venture to asseit that it is the passage of
this Sir, I have waded in these claims 'or three
years,and I make theassertion,afterafull exami-
nation The passage of the law on your table, I
¡epeat i', will save the time of the House and the
money of the Treasury, it will render the ¡ejection
of unjust clums nearly ceitain, and accelerate the
settlemert of just claims of this desenption, and
of all others left for the decision of Congress. It
will ensure the same measure of justice to one
citizen which another has received, and will, by
speedy, exact, and equal justice, go far to satisfy
all paities.
With these few observations I cheerfully leave
the fate of the bill to the good sense, the justice,
and experience of the House. Its decision, after
hearing some of my colleagues of the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims, will no doubt be correct.
' v.vmg officers and 8olu,els  of the army of the     , V    ! ^'7 au    o    ¡Chm0,nd¿ and   ll v
1 Revolution,' approved May 15, 183S, I.&c    doil,           by it (the Richmond Enquirer oi
' hereby declare, that I was an officer of ihe Con- !   .V""1"']     l\sood,  tobacco was now s
tinental line of the army of the Revolution, and
1 served as such (note- here insert, ' to the end of I
1 the wpi,' oras the case may be) to the time when j
' the anangenient of the aimy, provided by the
' resolves ot Congiess of the 31 and 21st of Octo- |
' ber, 17^0, was earned into effea, and that I was i
' rtduted   under that  arrangement;   and   I   also
' declare, that   I   afteiwaids   received certificates
' (commonly called commutation ceitifkates) for a
' sum equal to the amount of five years' full pay, ,
' which sum was rffeied by the resolves of Con-
' giess of the 22J of Match, 1783, instead of the "
' half-pay for life, to which  I was entitled under
' the resolve of the 21st of October, 1780."           ,
Can any thins, Mr Speaker, bé%oieric posi-
tive, and decisive  Thus the Tieasury Depait- !
ment has acted, and continued to act Ant] what
has been the couise of Congress = Does us action I
show in what light the case has been leceived >
Most distinctly Atone session, it passes an act
to give to Job I  Jacobs the benefit of the act of
.Correction.—We are requested by Mr.
Euown, ot the Senate, to say that he was incor-
rectly repoited in his remaiks on Thursday, on
the inemonals presented by Mr. Tyler. Our
repoitei made him say—
"lie held in his hand a paper containing the
'prices current in Richmond, and it would be
< found by it (the Richmond Enquirer of toe 8th
'instant) that good tobacco was now selling at
' from $8 to §9 per hundred, and fine at from fS
' to $10, which was better than the average price
1 of the article had been for five years jiast, and it
' was considered not only a handsome, but a rich
'compensation, to receive $6 "
It should have been as follows:
"He held in his hand a paper containing the
'prices cuirent m Richmond, and  it would  be
.f the 8Ji
... -----  selling at
from £8 to $9 per hundred, fine fiom £,9± to $10,
' fi íe manufactunng 10 dollars and 11 dollars, and
'¡.¡though there had been a slight decline in the
' price of that article latel y, in consequence of the
'sta'e of the market in Europe, yet, according to
'the prices quoted, if he did not much eir in Ins
'recollection, it was now commanding a better
' price than it had on an average generally for tha
'last five yeais. it had sometimes been higher
'danrg that period, but generally it had been.
' much lower. So far as he was acquainted with
'the opinions of intelligent tobacco planters, air
'aveiage price of six dollars per hundred was
' considered a fair remuneration lor thus>e engaged
' in its culture "
The 13th number of the Congressional Globe,
dated the 1st March, 1834, for Pennsylvania, and
the States north and east of it, was on board the
steamboat William Penn, which was burnt on the
4th, and the greater part of them destroyed.
