242                   .              THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                          March 15,
authorized that to be done by the House which
the Senate had already done for themselves.
Mr. JARVIS called for the reading of the clause
in the House appropriation bill, specifying the
items for which the contingent fund was to be
applied.
The clause was read, viz: "granting §150,000
for printing, stationery, &c, to be applied for no
other purpose," after which,
Mr. JARVIS called for the yeas and nays on
the question.
Mr. PINGKNEY inquired if a motion for
indefinite postponement was then in order'
The SPEAKER replied in the negative.
The House refused to order the yeas and nays;
ayes 27, noes 137.
Mr. PINCKNEY said, although he differed in
opinion with the member from North Carolina,
[Mr. Speight,] that a law and joint resolutions
were similar; yet it was perfectly immaterial to
him, by which mode the House should make the
appropriation, for his objection was to the prin-
ciple—that they could appropriate for the purchase
of books at all. He considered this an appropna-
tion of the people's money for the private use of
the members; as such it was unconstitutional, and
for which, if they weiejustified in appropriating,
they might just as well appropriate for their pri-
vate uses all the funds in the Treasury. He had
another objection to this. The House were called
on to vote in the dark; without knowing the amount
of the people's money which they wei e thus going
to di&pose of. They did not know—they refused
even to inquire, whether the cost of these books
would be eight thousand, or eighty thousand dol-
lars, and if he was correctly informed, the amount
would be the latter. He desired to call the atten-
tion of the people to the question, whether the
House had the right to do this, and he might at
the same time inquire if he had not the right to
avail himself of that order, although he would not
make the objection—that members should not vote
in cabes in which they were interested ' He moved
to postpone the resolution indefinitely, and called
for the yeas and nays on his motion; which having
been ordered,
Mr McDUFFIE said he felt bound by some
feeling of paternity, to say something in vindica-
tion of the resolution. He could not agree with
his colleague, [Mr. P ,] that this resolution made
an appropriation foi the private uses of the mem-
bers, or that it was unconstitutional forthe House
to vote upon questions that they were interested
in. He would like to know, if the principle held
good, by what right they voted their pay' Voting
for the apprnpi íaüon of $150,000 for their contin-
gent fund to pay for stationery, pens, knives, &c ,
might be termed voting for their private uses on
the sariie punciple. He maintained that these
books were all important to the members on pub-
lic grounds to give them information that would
the better enable them to discharge then public
duties. He believed that the work could not be
pioceeded with without the aid of Congress, and
in voting for the works, it was on public grounds
he had done so, having so received them.henever
should take them home, intending to leave them
here, where they could be of equal advantage to
his successors, as they had been to himself, and he
could have desired 'hat theie was such an obliga-
tion insei ted when the resolution was originally
introducea, or even now, that all books should be
¡eft in the library for the benefit and use of their
successors in Congress. In order to obviate the
objection of the membei from Tennessee, [Mr
Polk,] he must request the mover of the amend-
ment [Mr Speight] to modify his resolutions so
as to have it by joint resolution, and to st-ike out
the part terming it "appropriate," which v-ould
also obviate the objections of the member from
Massachusetts, [Mi. Adams ]
Mr. SPEiGHT declined making any alteration,
in consequence of the conduct pursued on this
subject by the other branch of the Legislature
It was for the House, if they thought proper, to
reject his amendment,.and they might then pass a
joint resolution, which would be equally satisfac
tory to Inm
Mr. WAYNE inquired if it was not intended to
confine the action of the resolution to the House
only.
Mr SPEIGHT replied such was his intention.
The resolution having been read, it was so modi-
fied, by inserting " House of Representatives."
Mr. J d. ADAMS considered the proposition
of Mr. McDuffie the most advisable course to be
taken.
The question on the amendment, as modified by
Mr. Speight, was then put, and agreed to.
The question then being on the motion of Mr.
Pinckney to postpone indefinitely—
Mr. POLK expressed his deep regret that the
House were about to abandon a principle for
which they had contended, and to decide that they
had a right to use their contingent fund as they
thought proper He-had no objection to the pur-
chase of any books that should be deemed neces-
sary. All that he desired was, that the purchase
should be made in pursuance of a specific and
direct law; not by applying indirectly to attain the
object by means of the contingent fund, which he
maintained it was unconstitutional to use for such
purposes. The consequence of all this must be,
that the contingent fund would be exhausted, and
would not be sufficient to defray their ordinary
expenses. He considered the whole difficulty
would have been obviated, if the member from
North Carolina [Mr. Speight] had consented to
the proposition to make it ajoint resolution.
Mr. WAYNE said he should have preferred
having the books procured by a joint resolution
of both Houses for that purpose; but if they were
not to be procured in that way, he would vote for
the amendment to obtain them. He considered,
that this was not a proposition to purchase books^
for the private uses of the members, or for the
purchase of books of an ordinary character. No;
it was the purchase of what had been done under
the permission, if not under the authority of Con-
gress, and which was more illustrative of their
past proceedings, more necessary to assist mem-
bers in the discharge of their public duties, than
any other work that could be obtained. He con-
sidered that, as all reports of their proceedings;
that reporters were permitted into the House for
that purpose, by their authority, the registers of
debates on subjects that came up, although not
in the form of a record, were substantially a part
of their proceedings, and which were highly valu-
able as well for the present use of the members,
as for reference hereafter, to explain to posterity,
what could not otherwise be explained, the
grounds upon which, on all important subjects,
they were induced to act. The question had come
to this, that if they did not supply themselves
with the woiks in their separate capacity, it ap-
peared they could not have them at all, for the
Senate had declared that the House had no right
to interfere with them m the use of their contin-
gent fund to make such purchases as they thought
propei, the constitutional principle of touching it,
for the purchase of books, was rejected.
Mr CHILTON remarked that he was originally
inclined to vote for the resolution, but upon more
mature reflection, he was compelled, by a sense of
what he owed to his constituents, to vote for the
motion for indefinite postponement. Hecouldnot
consider it anything else than as a practical m-
ciease by the members of their own pay, and if
necessary to be done at all, he would submit the
question, whether this ought not to be done by a
direct law, and therefore in such a shape as the
whole country could understand. As a new mem-
ber, who was ta be benefited if the resolution
should be passed, he would rather give up any
claims he could have than sanction what he must
considei to be a dangerous principle for the House
to act upon, and which must, if not timely ar-
rested, make the printing of books for the use of
members the most expensive department of the
Government. He would vote against the pur-
chase of even a solitary book.
Mr BROWN said it was with some reluctance
he rose to address the House; but as he should
feel himself compelled to vote against the resolu-
tion in its present form, he desired to state his
reasons, that he might not be misunderstood.
It must be manifest to all who had listened to
this discussion, or looked i«to the previous action
of Congress upon this subject, that a limit must,
sooner or later, be put upon the practice heretofore
pursued of furnishing members with books at the
public expense When this resolution was first
introduced, he did not suppose it was intended to
do more than place the new members, as to books,
upon a footing of equality with the old; and if he
was not mistaken, it not only did this, but also
proposed to grant to all the members, indiscrimi-
nately, books not embraced within the resolutions
of the last Congress. He was willing that as
much should be done forthe new membeis in this
respect as had been done for the old; and he could,
at the same time, unite his regrets with honorable
gentlemen, that the practice had not, from its
commencement, been confined exclusively to pro-
viding books for the use of members only during
the time they remained in office. He begged the
House to look at the practice as applied to indi-
viduals—himself, for instance. Long before the
works contemplated in the resolution could be
published, his time of office would expire, and the
chances were as ten to one at least that he would
never come back again; indeed, he was not yet
prepared to say he wished to come back. The
books would then become his own property, and
his successor, whoever he might be, could not
derive the slightest benefit from any information
they contained.
He was opposed to the resolution in its present
shape upon another ground Upon a previous
occasion, when one of the appropriation bills was
under consideration, tne House disagreed with the
Senate, and he twice voted (and he believed right-
ly) to set a limit upon the power of both Houses
over the contingent fund, to prevent its application
to the purposes mentioned in this resolution. He
would not now reverse those votes, nor would he,
under the name of the contingent expenses of
Congress, make appropriations for the purchase
of books, but would prefer that they should be
made the subject of a specific appropriation.
Mr. McDUFFIE rose for the purpose of obvia-
ting what he considered the only objection that
could be urged to the resolution, and which it was
in their power to do, to make tie books public in-
stead of private property; for which purpose he
moved the following as an amendment, viz : " the
' sixth, seventh, eighth and ninth volumes of the
' Register of Debates to be deposited in the Library
' when the present members retire, for the use of
'their successors."
Mr. VANDERPOEL inquired if such an amend-
ment was in order when there was a motion to
postpone'
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative, and
that the amendment had precedence of the motion
to postpone.
Mr. VINTON objected to the new principle
proposed by the amendment submitted by Mr.
McDuffie, which he said would go to establish
that each representative had no occasion for the
information contained in these or other books that
Congress had usually voted, except at the seat of
Government. He considered that every member
paid fully to his constituents a remuneration for
the value of the books, by answering the calls
made upon them in their representative capacity
for information.
Mr WISE spoke in favor of the resolution, and
urged the claims of the new members to be put on
the same footing with the old members. But even
if it were an original question, he would vote for
the purchase of such books as would tend to en-
lighten him in regard to the history of the legisla-
tion of this House. We, sir, (said he,) are at home
the oracles of our respective neighborhoods. To
us the people look for information in regard to the
business of this House. As a new member, he
expected to acquire more knowledge, preparatory
to the discharge of his duties here, during the re-
cess than he could acquire during the session, and
he wished to carry with him such documents as
were necessary to his instruction.
The question was taken on the amendment pro-
posed by Mr. McDuffie, and rejected.
Mr MANN, of New York, believed that the
measure proposed was wrong m principle and in
practice. Congress could not properly become the
great patron of publishers. Is it true that this is
the work on which the Clerk of this House gave
his acceptances, and must we now redeem those
acceptances' He trusted not. If the work could
not be supported by the patronage of the public,
there was no way to prevent it from going down.
He acknowledged that it was an important work,
and he should be very sorry to see it discontinued
