244
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
able people of York, protesting against these pro-
ceedings. [HereMr. W. read some of the names,
inquinng-if the Senators from Pennsylvania were
acquainted with them; upon which Mr. McKean
replied, he knew some of them to be respectable.]
Mr. Webster continued. These resolutions say
that they were passed unanimously, with the ex-
ception of some half dozen yells of persons who
came there to disturb theharinorryof the meeting.
The men signing this protest say that these reso-
lutions were rejected by a vote of three to one, and
that they neither expresa the sentimentn of the
people of York, nor of the people who attended
the meeting. He submitted the letter, requesting
that it might be read. And as it respected these
memorials, if this was a specimen of those which
were to be presented for the purpose of supporting
the Treasury measure, he thought they would
require the particular attention of the Senate. He
agreed with them, that truth was mighty, and
would prevail.
Mr. McKEAN said he had not been honored
with the confidence of either of these parties; he
believed, however, that many of the names he had
heard were very respectable.
Mr. POINDEXTER did not object to the pre-
sentation of petitions or memorials, but he objected
to this one. He did not know if it evidenced more
of ignorance than of insolence; it was very remark-
able for both. But on its fac"e, in the resolution
relative to the Bank of the United States, it made
allusions of direct and palpable corruption, in
charging an attempt by that institution to purchase
members of this body. It was also objectionable,
as being a printed paper cut out of some news-
paper, and that, too, defaced, and apart struck out
of it, making a direct personal reflection upon an
honorable member of the Senate. For himself, he
would not have presented such a paper. If it had
been sent to him, he would have sent it back to
the person from whom it came. [Here Mr. P.
read one of the resolutions couched in offensive
language, in reference to Mr. Webster's being
bribed by the Bank of the United States, and his
vote upon the bill chartering the bank in 181G ]
Mr. P. said.it was time for the Senate to take care
of its own dignity. It was assailed by friends of
the present Chief Magistrate, in terms which
looked like having been got up in the purlieus of the
palace, and sent to York county, to be sent back
here again. When a direct libel was contained in
thepaper upon an honorable member of this body,
it was not fit to be recognized by the Senate. H
bore no signature, no marks of authenticity, and
contained the grossest libels against the two
Houses of Congress. There were not two senti-
ments in the paper which set forih the truth. He
was against even the reception of the caper.
Mr. W1LK1NS asked 'Mr. Poindextee to
mark the exceptionable passages; which he did.
Mr. PRESTON desired to be informed how the
paper got before the Senate.
The V1CI2 PRESIDENT replied, thatthe pro-
ceedings were tiunsniitted to him under cover of a
letter, which requested him to lay them before the
Senate. He directed the letter to be read, which
was done accordingly.
Mr. WEBSTERsaid.hehad been told.ashort
timeago, thatsuch-proceedings would be presented
here, and that one of the resolutions would be of a
scandalous character. He then said, that he felt
some reluctance about laying any of the papers
before the Senate, because his duty to the Senate
and his sense of self-respect dictated to him to take
no notice of such idle scandals. It was due to the
Chair, however, to say, that the presiding officer
of the Senate informed him that^one of these reso-
lutions contained matterthathedeemed was offen-
sive to himself. He told that officer that he was
aware of it; and the Vice President replied, that
he would not lay the proceedings before the Sen-
ate, unless some one representing the petitioners
would take upon himself the responsibility of
striking out the offensive part. He (Mr. W.)had
not seen the paper at all; but since he had heard it
read, he thought it obnoxious to all the censure
which the gentleman from Mississippi had made
against it. He thought, therefore, it ought to lie
on the table.
Mr. PRESTON desired to make but a single
remark. He was astonished at the presentation
of this petition.-  He considered the right of peti-
tion a sacred right, and therefore he protested
against any changing or remodelling of petitions
or memorials sent to the Senate for presentation.
When the presiding officer, or any officer of the
Senate, was in possession of documents to be sub-
mitted to the Senate, he could not be permitted,
with his consent, to erase or mutilate them.
Mr. WILKINSsaid he owed it to the Senate to
make an explanation on this%subject. On coming
into the Senate Chamber this morning, just before
they were called to order, and before he had time
to look over these proceedings, they were put into
his hands by the presiding officer of the Senate,
who made some suggestions in relation to the ap-
plication of a part of them to the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts, and he had also suggested a
consultation with his colleague upon the propriety
of striking out the offensive paragraph. Upon
this suggestion, the very difficulty urged by the
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Preston]
occurred to him: how far himself and colleague
were right, as representatives of Pennsylvania, in
altering a petition or memorial presented from
their constituents. If this had been the first case
which had been presented, he would have said
that they had no authority to interfere. But this
was the course he adopted, and this paragraph had
been stricken out. It was done upon consultation
with his colleague, who consented to share the
responsibility of it with him; and for himself he
would have gone still further, and have stricken
out the other part objected to by the gentleman
from Mississippi. Whether there was error in
this procedure or not he did not know. It was
done from feelings of delicacy towards an honor-
able member of this body, and  not thinking it of
any consequence to strike out what did not affect
the substance of the petition. This was the ex-
tent of his interference, and this was the motive
for it.
He was willing to say a word upon another part
of the subject. There could be no doubt of the
respectabiiuy of the meeting at which the proceed-
ings were adopted. The person whose name stood
at the head of it—Adam King—was a member of
the House of Representatives m the last Congress.
This was some apology for the people of York.
We were all aware of the excitement which pre-
vailed in reference to the bank. There was no
question which came so directly home to the feel-
ings of the people, and hence the numerous meet-
ings which were assembling in the country. All
were struggling to obtain a correct expression of
public staitiment on the ail-absorbing question
before the Set,ate, and hence arose the question
which party had the majority in York. All were
aiming at public sentiment, because it was that
which, when obtained, would settle the question".
He was quite willing the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts should take public sentiment in Pennsyl-
vania as his guide, and he was equally willing to
adapt it as a rule for their decision here.
One word as to the mee'ling, and as to which
party had the majority. He had received a letter
fiom Mr. King, informing him that the meeting
was a very large one—that the room in which it
met was full to overflowing. Wehad, then, prima
facie evidence that the resolutions were carried by
a large majority of the meeting, because the pro-
ceedings were signed by the officers of the meet-
ing, who attested«the correctness of the proceed-
ings. So much for the prima facie evidence. Now,
as to the protest of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, that was signed by fifty-three persons of a
meeting, and wherein you have the curious asser-
tion that the resolutions were lost by a vote of
three to one. Now, when fifty-three persons of a
meeting composed the majority in the proportion
of three to one, lie asked how many must have
composed the whole meeting? And how is it pos-
sible that so very small a minority, consisting of
but sixteen or eighteen persons, of course, could
have been sufficiently strong to retain the control
of the meeting, and bold enough to authenticate
and transmit the proceedings? "The protest itself
shows the improbability of its own story, and
defeats the object which the signers have in view.
As he had already said, very strictly speakino-, the
marking of this insulated paragraph, merely indi-
cating to the Secretary that it should not be read,
may not have been justifiable; but it was a ques-
tion between  him and a portion of his highly
respected fellow-citizens of York, and he was not
apprehensive that he should incur their censure.
They would appreciate his motives.  If not rigidly
justifiable, it was certainly excusable, because the
act was one of delicacy towards a Senator, and did
notin any way change the sense of the proceedings.
The great object of~the gentlemen of the meeting
*was to express theirsentiments on the all-absorbing
question of the deposites, and that expression of
sentiment you yet have entire.
Mr. PRESTON said the memorial which was
the subject of discussion was not the memorial
which purported to be adopted in York county.
He would not interfere betweeen the gentlemen
from Pennsylvania and their constituents, but he
wished to declare the fact that, after the remodel-
ling of the petition, it was not the petition of the
York district. Why had this been done? Why
had that been obliterated from it which stamped
it all over with its peculiar character, and which
made it unworthy of reception, in order to make
it palatable to us? It was now a thing of a totally
different character. Members, perhaps, might as-
sume the responsibility of standing between the
Senate and their constituents, but the Senators
from Pennsylvania had nothing to do with this.
If a memorial may be changed by erasures, may
it not also be changed by additions? These were
very extraordinary times, and it was the duty of
the Senate to be on its guard, and take care that
there be no interception between the people and
this body. This paper was addressed to us, and
in its progress from the people here it had been
essentially changed, and afterwards it had been
presented to this House. If the officers of this
House had a right thus to change petitions, we
had nothing certain. His constituents might send
memorials here, and if they were altered here, they
were not the representations of his constituents,
but of the officers of this House. He was anxious
that the Senate should look to' its rights, and
therefore he moved to lay the papers on the table,
for the purpose of affording an opportunity to
take further measures, in case they should be
necessary.
Mr. CLAY thought that, under all the circum-
stances it was the duty of the Senate to give a
decision which might operate as a precedent in
similar cases. He agreed with the gentlema/i from.
South Carolina, [Mr. Preston,] that the paper
had lost its identity—that it was not the memo-
rial of York county. And it could not be received
without admitting that while it was in transitu, or
while it was in possession of the officers of this
House, it might be altered. And it was true that
if a right to alter or erase existed, it might also be
done by addition, and if so, what became of the
right to petition ? The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vaiia, [Mr. Wii.kins,] said in his place that he
had received no communication from the petitioners
themselves, or from any persons at the meeting.
He believed if a private petition were sent to a
member, he might alter as might be necessary.
But in this instance it was necessary for the Sen-
ate to sanction or disapprove of it, and it appeared
to him necessary to make a decision once for all
in such cases.
He (Mr. C.) was opposed to laying the paper
on the table, which presupposed that.it had been
received. He thought it ought not to be received
at all. By parliamentary usage the first question
was, should thepaper be received; and although
it was not put, yet it was a question which was
presupposed and comprehended in the presenta-
tion; and therefore he would make the motion that
the petition be not received, because it was not
genuine, but altered, and because it was couched
in language which ought not to be received by the
Senate.
Mr.  CALHOUN  suggested  that the prelim-
; ¡nary  question always was, shall the  paper be
| received >
|     Mr. KANE said  the subject seemed likely to
i receive serious consideration. Petitions in the
grossest language against the presiding officer of
the Senate had heretofore been received. The
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Preston]
said titat the paper was in the hands cf the officers
of the Senate, and could not, and should not, be
altered; and then said that it was to be presented
on the responsibility of the piesiding officer. He
concurred with him in that responsibility, so far
