246                                   THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                          March 17,
to the Senate, as weU as such as were, from other
considerations, justly subject to the operation of
the same rule. Scarcely a week passes in which
communications are not received by the Chair,
with a request to have them laid before the Senate,
in respect to which it is apparent that their authors
are suffering under mental aberrations. Commu-
nications of this sort, of which many are constant-
ly in the possession of the Chair, would, on the
supposition referred to, be entitled to the disposi-
tion which is claimed for the paper under consid-
eration.
But the exercise of the discretion referred to,
has not been confined_ by the Chair to papers of
this description, which'mightjustly be regarded as
extreme cases. It has, on the contrary, felt it to
be within the line of its duty to withhold from the
Senate communications which, however high and
sound the source from which they emanated, con-
tained reflections upon the Senate plainly deroga-
tory to its honor. It is but a few weeks since that
the Chair received, with a request to lay them be-
fore the Senate, the proceedings of a public meet-
iug held in the city of Philadelphia, which, it was
obvious, had been a very large one,and which the
Chair does notdoubt to have been also very repect-
able, in which the severest censure was denounced
against this body, for an act in which the present
incumbent of the Chair happened to have had a
particular interest. Under the influence of the
sense of duty which has been expressed, the Chair
did not hesitate to deliver the paper to one of the
Senators from that State, with a request that it
should be respectfully returned to the source from
which it had come, with the information that the
Chair felt it to be inconsistent with its duty to lay
a paper containing such matter before the Senate.
The Chair would have preferred in this, as it would
in every similar case, to have pursued the course
authorized by the rules of the Senate, and which
has heretofore, in other respects, been so exten-
sively adopted, of taking the sense of the Senate,
in the first instance, upon the propriety of receiv-
ing the paper in question. But it has hitherto
appeared to the Chair that that could not well he
done without exposing the Senate to the indignity
against which the discretion exercised by the Chair
■was calculated to protect it, viz: the indignity of
having a paper read to it which reflected upon its
character and motives.
The Chair has thought it proper to he thus par-
ticular in the statement of its views and practice,
to the end, that if the opinion which has been so
confidently advanced, that every paper received
by the Chair becomes the property of the Senate,
subject to its exclusive disposition, be that of the
body, the fact may be authoritatively announced,
either in the form of a rule or decision of the Sen-
ate, and thus made the rule of conduct for the
future. If such a rule were adopted, the respect
which the Chair entertains for the body over which
it has the honor to preside, as well as a sense of
duty,' will induce it to carry the same into execu-
tion. But the Chair has felt itself constrained to
regard this as an erroneous view of the subject,
and it has already stated its own impressions as to
the nature and extent of the responsibility under
which it rested to the Senate, in the discharge of
this portion of its official duties.
In taking upon itself the exercise of the discre-
tion before stated, the Chair was by no means
unapprizcd of the extent and delicacy of the re-
sponsibility which, without previous reference to
the wishes of the Senate, it assumed,but which it
cheerfully encountered with the view of upholding
the true dignity of a body, to the advancement of
whose highest interest it had determined to devote
itself.
The difficulties of a successful discharge of this
trust in the particular case under consideration,
had, moreover, been in no small degree increased
by the course which was taken by the Senate, and
by the character of the debate, on the part of some
of its members, in two cases similar in principle,
which have recently been acted upon. It was well
known that the Senate, although its attention was
directly called to their exceptionable character, de-
cided in those cases to receive papers which, on
account of the reflections they respectively con-
tained upon the ^ody and its presiding officer,
they refused to refer or to print; and that in the
discussion which arose upon their presentation,
| the principle was distinctly and solemnly avowed,
j that in a period like the present, it did not belong
to the Senate to prescribe to a suffering people the
language in which they should call upon their
representatives for a redress of grievances. In
these proceedings the Chair was not inclined, on
account of its relation to the subject, to take part;
nor could it, perhaps, have done so with propriety
if its inclinations had been otherwise.
Although, as has been observed, the difficulties
of the Chair in the performance of this part of its
duties, at all times delicate, were thereby unavoid-
ably increased, its opinion was not changed in
respect to the principles which it had adopted.
Acting upon that principle, the Chair declined to
submit the proceedings m question to the Senate,
although well satisfied of the respectability of the
source from whence they emanated, because they
contained improper reflections upon one of its
members by name. Although the Chair partici-
pated so far, at least, in the sentiments alluded to,
as to be willing to extend the mo'st liberal indul-
gence to the right of petition, it could not regard
it a's consistent with the peculiar relatione in which
it stood towards this body, to permit others to say
to it, in a petition presented through the agency
of the Chair, that for which it would be the duty of
the Chair to call a Senater to order, when uttered
orally in respect to one of his compeers on this
floor. The Chair, therefore, delivered the paper
to one of the Senators*from Pennsylvania, and
accompanied it by a declaration that unless he
and his colleague felt themselves authorized to
suppress the exceptionable matter, the Chair could
not reconcile it to its sense of duty to present it I
to the Senate. Upon that question the Chair did j
not, of course, express its opinion; but it regards |
it as due, as well to the honorable Senators from I
that State as to itself, to say, that if it had regarded
such an act on their part to be liable to any just
exception, it would never have submitted the
paper to them with any such suggestion. It did
not so regard it; and, least of all, could it have
anticipated that an act done under the circum-
stances, and from the motives by which it was
characterized, would have elicited the exceptions
which hav been made to it. The facts and cir-
cumstances of the case were now before the Sen-
ate; and whatever difference of opinion may exist
as to their effect upon the question of the validity
of (he paper in its present state, the Chair is quite
confident there can be none as to the correctness
of the motives by which the transaction has been
characterized.
This, however, is not the only objection that
has been raised against the presentation of the
paper. It was objected by an honorable Senator
that these proceedings, the erasure of a part of
which is deemed so objectionable, are but a part
of a common newspaper, without even the auto-
graph signature of any of the presiding officers,
or other maik of authenticity; and, therefore, not
admissibleaccordingto parliamentary usage. That
objection has, however, been fully answered by
the reading of the original letter from the commit-
tee appointed by the meeting to communicate its
proceedings to the Chair, and which is before the
Senate in the state in which it was received, but
which had been ovei looked by the acting Secre-
tary of the Senate.
But it is further objected that the paper in ques-
tion does still contain exceptionable matter, inas-
much as it charges the corruption of Congress
by the bank. The Chair has no hesitation to
say, that if the paper had appeared to it to be
susceptible of that construction, it would not have
deemed it proper, upon its own mere motion,
to lay it before the Senate. Upon the brief and
cursory examination which it was alone in the
power of the Chair to give its contents, extended
as they are, they did not strike the Chair as
charging more than a disposition upon the part of
the bank to corrupt Congress and the press. Nor
is the Chair now satisfied that the proceedings in
question, although upon the examination to which !
they have been subjected by the Senate, they are
certainly found to contain many injurious insinu-
ations, do contain the charge of practised corrup-
tion of the Legislature. The Chair, perhaps,
owes it to itself to state, that before presenting
the proceedings, it suggested to the Senator more
directly referred to by them, its willingness to
hold them up for furtheradvisementand examina-
tion, and that it was in consequence of hearing
from that Senator that he had a response to the
proceedings in his possession, that he would prob-
ably make some observations upon them, and
that he would prefer to have them presented forth-
with, that the Chair was induced to present them
this morning. But, whatever may be the just
construction of their contents, it is in the power
of the Senate to make such a disposition of them,
upon the motion made by the Senator from Ken-
tucky, as may be deemed most consistent with
justice and the respect that is due to the body.
In regard to the suggestion that the Chair should 
ask permission to withdraw the paper, it has only
to say, that it thinks it in every respect desirable
that the Senate should itself now express an opin-
ion upon the point presented to its consideration
by the pending motion. Such a decision is par-
ticularly important in the present agitated state of
the country, and in view of the great probability
that cases of the same kind may again arise, if not
prevented by the formal decision of the Senate.
To have taken its opinion upon the subject in the
first instance under the rule of the Senate, would
have been the choice, of course, of the Chair, had
it not been for the difficulty which has been refer-
red to. The subject is now before the Senate.
Whatever room there may be for a difference of
opinion as to the strict propriety of the course
which had been taken, there cannot beany, it is
hoped, in respect to the motives and intentions
which prompted to that course. Upon this point,
the Chair does not feel itself to be under the slight-
est necessity to indulge in protestations or assu-
rances of any kind. It is fully persuaded that no
unprejudiced mind will, for a moment, hesitate in
believing, that its conduct in the whole matter has,
so far at least as intention is involved, been con-
trolled by the principles which were avowed by the
Chair at the threshold of its duty, and which, it is
well assured, have been most faithfully adhered to.
Why, then, should the decision of the Senate be
superseded through its agency? It can perceive
no good reason for such a course, whilst many are
opposed to its adoption. Independently of the
intrinsic importance of such a decision, there are
other considerations of a still more imperative
character.
As has already been stated, the Senate has here-
tofore decided to receive communications from
the people upon this subject, which, on account of
the injurious reflections they contained, as well on
the Senate as on its presiding officer, it refused to
commit or print. The subject having, then, enter-
ed into the deliberation and decision of the Senate,
it is desirable that all further action upon it should
be under its control, when that can, as in the pres-
ent case, be done without impropriety. Again, a
grave question has been made, and fully discussed,
as to the control of Senators over the communica-
tions of their constituents, under circumstances
like the present. It is proper, also, that that point
should be settled by the Senate. To render the
proposed course admissible on the part of'the
Chair, there should at least be unanimity on the
part of the Senate in desiring it. Such appears not
to be the case. It is not only expressly objected to
by Senators, but there obviously appears to be a
diversity of opinion amongst the members upon
the abstract question, whether the paper should be
received or not. Under such circumstances, and
without noticing an objection of order, which
would render the step lmpropet without unani-
mous consent—a consent which has already been
refused—the Chair cannot but think that it will
best dischargeiis duties to all parties, by allowing
the question before the Senate, and upon which
the yeas and nays have been already ordered, to
be taken.
Thediscussion was further continued by Messrs.
PRESTON, BIBB, FORSYTH, andothers, when
the question, " Will theSenate receive the paper!"
was negatived, as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Benton, Brown, Forsyth,
Grundy, Hendricks, Hill, Kane,King of Alabama,
King of Georgia, Linn, McKean, Mangum, Mor-
ns, Robinson, Shepley,Tal!madge,Tipton, White,
Wilktns, and Wright—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Bibb, Black, Calhoun, Clay,
Clayton, Ewing, Prelinghuysen, Kent, Leigh,
Moore, Naudam,  Poindexter,  Porter,  Preaton,
