260                                   THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                          March 18,
the floor, and after expressing a wish to reply to
Mr Leigh, on his motion, before the question of
leave was taken,
The Senate adjourned.
At one o'clock Mr SURGES suspended his
remarks, and
The SPEAKER announced the special order
of the day, viz the resolutions reported from the
Committee of Wayo and Means.
a total suspension of specie payments, and an
apprehension that the duty bonds wni not be col-
lected. The means by which this state of things
wasbroughtaboutwasextraotdmary. Oui Consti-
tution doubtless designed this for a haid mon y
Government, yet we had nothing but paper Mi
W went on, at gieat 1 ngtb, to exhibit a view of
the general chaiacter and history of ourcuirency.
His object was to show that the State banks effect-
ually subvert the intentions of the Constitution
if that intention was to establish a hard-mon y
currency; and that the revenue could not be col-
lected and disbursed, without great loss, by the
State banks. If we wished to return to a specie
currency, we must (he contended) begin by de-
stroying, not the United States Bank, but th •
State banks During the ten years preceding 1830
(Mr W Slid,) the amount of revenue collected
was two hundred and thirty millions. The aggre-
gate numb r of persons employed in the collection
of this amount was over nine thousand. The
collection and disbursements were made at all
points in the country, and yet they were mad
without the loss ot a single cent In the ten years
preceding the year 1816, when the United State 
Bank was established, the Government lost amil-
lion of dollars by broken banks alone. No part
of the loss was in the receipts at the customs It
was m the collection of thirty six millions from
lands and internal taxes Thus, one thirty sixth
part of our revenue from these sources was lost
by State banks This, however, was but a small
part of the loss sustained by the Government
The expense of transportation, and the loss on
loans, which were taken at a very reduced rate,
amounted to a much larger sum But still th°
loss of the Government sinks into insignificance
in companson with the loss to individuals. During
the same term of ten years, on a domestic ex-
change of two hundred millions, the loss, at the
low estimate of five per cent , was ten millions a
•year The people were thus taxed ten millions a
year for the benefit of banks and brokers. Thes"
were among the blessings of numerous State
banks. But it might be said that the condition of
the State banks now was not the same as it was
in 1816 True, it was not the same, it was moie
than in 1816 The banks had not ye.t suspended
specie payments, but in respect to the relative
proportions of specie to circulation, the condition
of the State banks was worse now than it was in
1816 He made statements from which (he said)
it appeared that the paper in circulation was, as
to specie m the banks, as seven to one. The State
banks must restnct their currency, at the risk of
breaking their customers, or they must stiff r
themselves to be run upon and broken The only
question is, which shall break first—the banks or
their customers '
Mr W entered, at gome length, into the consid-
eration of the project for substituting a hard money
cunencyfor paper He would not, at present, he
said, go fully into the constitutional question; but
he stated that a very minute examination of early
documents, relative lo our history, had convinced
him that the term " Bills of Credit," as used in the
Constitution, was intended to apply to all species
of paper money At the same time, he did not
think it an open question whether the Uni'ed
States shall have a paper currency. Nature and
habit had decided that point. He had heard it
said, "Perish the banks, live the Constitution "
So it was said during the embargo, " Perish com-
merce, let the Cons'imtion live " ButMr Jeff r-
son himself, devoted as he was to restrictive meas-
ures, became convinced that such was the invet-
eracy of habit, that it was impossible to pursue
his expeument, and he therefore abandoned it.
Paper money became, at an early day, a financial
expedient of the colonies. It carried them through
the French war, and through the war of the Rev-
olution Paper money was born with the colo-
nies, and he had almost said would exist as long
as the States existed. Whatever was the intention
of the fiamers of the Constitution, it was certain
that, at a very early day after its adoption, they
found it extremely convenient and necessary *<>
resort to a paper currency
Mr. W. thought it might be useful to inquire
why it was, that the precious metals were so much
used in general cnculation over the world. This
was to be found m their value as arising from the
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 18, 1834.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, reported a bill
for the relief of Jesse Smith and others
Mr. BINNEY, an act to remit the duty on loco-
motive engines heretofore imponed, and to allow
their future importation dityfree. Also, a bill
foi the relief of John F Onl, and an act to remit
c rtam duties on goods imported by Alexander
De Launay; and
Mr CONNOR, a bill for the relief of Patrick
Green; which was read twice and committed.
Mr CARR, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of James
K ytes; which was read twice, committed to a
Committee of the Whole House, and made the
ord r of the day for to-morrow.
Mr CARR, from the Committee on Pnvate
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of John
A Barnes, assignee of John Anderton, which
was read twice and committed to a Committee of
the Whole House, and made the order of the day
for to-morrow, and the report and bill ordered to
be printed
Mr LE&VITT, a bill granting an additional
quantity of land (150,000 acies in addition to the
quantity heretofore appiopnated) for the satisfac-
tion of bounty land warrants
Mr. R. M JOHNSON, a bill for the erection
of a national armory on the western waters.
Mr. CASEY, a bill for the relief of John De-
ment.
Mr CAMBRELENG, a bill for the relief of
Robert Dickey, of New Yoik
Mr. WHITTLESEY, a bill for the relief of
Maunus W  Gilbert.
Mr. HUBBARD, a bill to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Treasm y to i efund to Richard Butman
certain duties imposed on the schooner Brandy-
wine.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, with a copy of a letter from the
commissioners appointed to adjust the claims of
our citizens under the late treaty with Naples,
and suggesting the expediency of extending the
term allowed for the performance of the duties
assigned them Refeired, on motion of Mr.
WHITTLESEY, to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs
Mr. PINCKNEY obtained leave to submit the
following resolu ion, in relation to the trade be-
tween the United States and Cuba, which, hesaid,
was deemed highly interesting to his constitu-
ents.
Resolved, That the documents communicated by
the Piesident ot the United States m relation to
the tiade between the United States and the Isl-
ands of Cuba and Porto Rico, be retened to the
Committee on Commerce, and that said committee
be instructed to inquire into the discriminating
duties referred to by the President in his message",
and into the expediency of adopting counteivail-
ing measures for the protection of the American
merchants and ship owners.
Agieed to.
Mr SLADE, a bill for the improvement of the
mail road between Louisville and St Louis, and
Mr. INGE, a bill foi the relief of the repiesent-
atives of Lawrence Milligan.
All which bills were read twice and committed
The House proceeded to the consideration of
the following resolution, submitted by Mr. MáE-
Bis, of Alabama:
Resohed, That the Committee of Ways and
Means beinstiucted to inquire into the expediency
of reporting a bill requning the Secretary of the
Treasury lo deposite the public moneys of the
United States in the State banks, and, also, as
to the expediency of defining by law all contracts
hereafter to be made wuh the Secretary for the
safe keeping, management, and disbursement of
the same
Mr BURGES took the floor, and continued his
speech m opposition to the resolution
THE DEPOSITES AND UNITED STATES BANK.
The House proceeded to the consideration of the
following resolutions, reported from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means:
1 Reso'ved, That the Bank of the United States
ought not to be rechartered
2. Resolved, That the public deposites ought net
to be restored to the Bank of the United States.
3 Resolved, That the State banks ought to be
continued as the places of deposite of the public
money, and that it is expedient for Congress to
make further provision by law, prescribing the
mode of selection, the securities to be taken, and
the manner and terms on which they are to be
employed.
4. Resolved, That for the purpose of ascertain-
ing, as far as practicable, the cause of the com-
mercial embarrassment and distress complained
of by numerous citizens of the United States, in
sundry memorials which have been presented to
Congress at the present session, and of inquiring
whether the charter of the Bank of the United
States has been violated, and also what corrup-
tions and abuses have existed in its management;
whether it has used its corporate power or money
to control the press, to interfere in politics, or
influence elections; and whethei it has had any
agency, tlnough its management, or money, in
producing the existing pressure—a select commit-
tee be appointed to inspect the books, and examine
into the proceedings of the said bank, who shall
report whether the provisions of the charter have
been violated or not, and also what abuses or mal-
practices have existed in the management of said
bank; and that the said committee be authorized to
send for persons ard papers, and to summon and
examine witnesses on oath, and to examine into
the affairs of the said bank and branches, and that
they are further authorized to visit the principal
bank, or any of its branches, for the purpose of
inpecting the booits, correspondence, accounts,
and other papers connected with its management
or business; and that the said committee be re-
quited to report the result of such investigation,
together with the evidence they may take, at as
early a day as piactioable
Mr WILDE said he would now proceed to offer
some observations to the House, unless the gen-
tleman from Tennessee desired to speak.
Mr POLK having signified that hedid not wish
to speak,
Mr WILDE took the flooi and offered the fol-
lowing resolution as a substitute for the first reso-
lution reponed fiom the Comm'ttee of Ways and
Mean 
Resohed, That the reasons submitted by the
Secieta> y of the Treasury for removing the public
deposites are insufficient and unsatisfactory
The lips (said Mr. W.) which were open to
discuss this question when it was last before us,
are now closed foiever in silence. The patnot
fell, as he had ever stood, in the front rank, war-
ring for the Constitution. Here, as in battle, if
our companions fall, we close oui ranks andhuiry
on When oui gallant and noble comrade fell in
defence of constitutional liberty, who could have I
thought, as soon as thegrave wasilosed over him, |
1 we should have witnessed in this Hall an attempt i
to restnct the freedom of debate? Silence was im- '
posed upon us on pain of imprisonment The
honorable chanman of the Committee of Ways
and Means assured him that, if ill would sit with
him and vote against all the motions for adjourn-
ment, he would not have recourse to the previous
question He (Mr W ) did sit, and did vote
against the motions to adjourn Mi W went on
to remark upon the circumstances under which the
discussion was cut off by the previous question,
and upon the injustice and discourtesy of the
measure towards himself personally
Mr. W then referred to the situation of this
country Our national debt was paid off, our
exports and imports weie of vast amount, we had
a*i industrious population and a cheao Govern-
ment, and still, we have—what' Numerous bank-
ruptcies, a deranged currency, imminent danger of
