1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
251
labor necessary to procure them; their ductility;
non-susceptibility of great increase, as well as
their various utility. When it was necessary to
have payments made by weight, commerce had
not advanced to that state to which it subsequently
became; and when larger payments were required
to be made, those marks and seals were made upon
the metals, which gave to them a circulation be
yond their intrinsic value, and from this system of
convenience originally might be dated the practice
of banks giving to paper a value and currency
based on their (not intrinsic) being a represent-
ative of other securities—gold, silver, or that which
was estimated as property. When it was gravely
proposed to dispense with these improvements
upon the antient usages, and to dispense giving
facilities to commerce, it might be as well attempted
to return from the algebraic method of attaining
certainty in calculations, to the rules of common
arithmetic It was scarcely necessary for him to
advert to the cheaper medium of papei to assist in
performing the necessary circulation for property
exchanged from hand to hand. A mixed circula
tion of paper and gold has forced its way, and
would sustain itself. Paper convertible into gold
for the larger payments—the precious metals for
the smaller—neither of which could be destroyed
until commerce itself was destroyed. This he
argued would be the effect of the experiments now
making; for as credit was the offspring of com-
merce, tyranny and usurpation was death to it.
He would  now discuss  another subject con-
nected with these measures   Where, he must ask,
was the difference between employing State banks
as fiscal agents of Government, in a constitutional
point of view, and employing the Bank of the
United States>   Which was the most dangerous!
The answer to these questions must be obvious
Who, he also asked, had the greatest interest in
having a sound circulation > Was it not the poor
man, who required it as remuneration for his daily
labor>   Was it not wages that would be the first
to feel it?  And as the aggregate paid foi labor was
more than was paid to all the rest of the world,
the poor man was surely the most interested in its
preservation.   O" the various modes of collecting
the public revenue suggested, he considered that
the least plausible was a Government bank; the
least feasible was the State banks.   The history
of all times had shown m Europe, and in several
of the States, that changes were sure to result fiom
any paper circulation issued   by a Government
He referred for evidences of this to the disastious
results in France, where the assignats, though on
their face the national domains were pledged for
their redemption, yet there was a failure of two
hundred millions of dollars, which the public had
to bear. In Russia the same experiment had been
tried, and the result was, that four rubles in paper
were reduced to one in silver. These were among
the most prominent examples, and so well was this
understood among commercial men, that even the
celebrated Law, when he first projected his scheme,
owned his rum, and brought ruin upon the for-
tunes of others, m consequence of hia objections
to issue paper, not convertible into specie, being
not only not attended to, but because he was com-
pelled to give up the superintendence, and his was
made a Royal Bank by an ariet of State, after
which the bank commenced making large paper
issues.    Heconsideied that the great error of this
day in depreciating paper currency, to be similar
to what was formerly deemed the greatest of all
wimes—defacing or reducing the value of the com
in olden time*
Mr. W. dwelt at some length on the utility ot
banks to commetce, and, pioceedirg to a<-gue
oga nst the reasons adduced by the Secretary of
the Tieasury, he maintained that Congress
acted under a resolution of Congress, the object of
which was to facilitate the resumption of specie
payments by the State banks. He stated and
commented upon the several reasons given by the
Secretary in justification of the removal of the de-
posites. The ob|ect of sending the subject of the
Secretary's reasons to the Committee of Ways
and Means had not been obtained. The commit-
tee had reported an argument, but had not affirmed
the sufficiency of the reasons offered by the Secre-
tary The. only point which was referred to them
for consideration, they had omitted to express
any opinion upon in a shape for the decision of
the House.
Mr. W., after speaking nearly three hours,
yielded the floor, without concluding, to a motion
to adjourn.
On motion of Mr. WILLIAMS,
The House adjourned
had
the legislative power, by the Constitution, to reg-
ulate and control the pub'ic money, and if they
had divested themselves of it, as was maintained
by the Secietary, he thought Congress might at
once vote away their independence, and place them-
selves under a Lord Piotector The power of the
Secretary of the Treasuiy over the deposites was
restricted, as he contended, to the withholding of
the deposites fiom the bank, and did not extend to
then withdrawal The justification of the act of
the Secietary, so far as it was founded upon the
measures of Mr Crawford, failed altogether, as
he contended, for the reasons that Mi. Crawford
IN SENATE.
Wm)ní.sday, Match 19, 1834.
REMOVAL OF THE DEPOSITES
Mr TOMLINSON piesented the memorial of
380 citizens of Budgeport, Connecticut, praying
the restoration of the deposites to the Bank of the
United States                
Mi. McKEAN presented the memorial of about
700 cabmet-makeis, chau-makers, upholsterers,
&c, of the city and county of Philadelphia, of the
same tenor. And, also, tbeproceedings of a meet-
ing of the same trades, of similar import.
Mr MANGUM presented amemonalsignedby
250 of the citizens of Plymouth, North Carolina,
of hke character.
Mi BIBB presented the proceedings of a meet-
ing of inhabitants of Madison county, Kentucky,
of the same tenor
Upon presenting these several memorials and
proceedings, the gentlemen having them in charge
severally addiessed the Senate They were read,
refeired to the Committee on Pmance, and ordered
to be printed
Mi WAGGAMAN piesented the proceedings
of a meeting of citizens of New Orleans, praying
a restoration of the deposites to the Bank of the
United States. Also, a memorial from citizens of
the same city of the same tenor.
Mi PORTER presented the memorial of a num-
ber of merchants and otheis, of the same city, and
of similar import.
These so eral proceedings and memorials were
read, and followed by some remarks by both those
gentlemen, upon the existing distress m New Or-
leans
Mr. FORSYTH said the refeience made to him
by his friend from Louisiana at his side, gave him
a fair occasion, for which he had been anxiously
looking for several days, to correct an erroi he had
commuted abgut a fortnight since.
Speaking of the condition of the money market
of Augusta, Georgia, he had spoken of the prices
of stock and produce as at their usual rate, and had
I mentioned that the Bank of Augusta, withacapiti 1
I of six hundred thousand dolíais, having authority
to double it, had sold the extra stock at a profit of !
I twenty per cent.   Mr. F had no information con- |
I tradic'ory of this statement except as to the last j
patticular.   The bank had authoiity to double its ¡
capital, but had made no effort to do so     He had |
been misled by an account of the sales at auction j
of a portion of the stock of that bank at that rate of
advance, and supposed it to be the whole additional (|
I stock of the bank, "which was sold at twenty per |
cent, piemium—it still bore that premium accord-
in  to the last prices current of the city; but no :
such sale of double the capital stock had occurred   |
1      In speaking of the condition of the southern j
I States, he had not intended to embrace New Or-
leans—that State is so identified with the West, |
that we speak of it as western or southwestern  |
1  Fiom the character of the business of that city, no
I doubt the pressure theie was gieat    It was done ,
1  extensively on credit, and by exchanges.   These |
bew  deranged, necessauly affected the business
of the city.    Mi   P  wished to God he had the !
i  powei to relieve the distiess, it would not be of |
long continuance if he had, yet he could not but ,
hope it was exaggerated     One statement in the |
memorial gave grounds for this hope     In estima-
ting the loss sustained by the pressure, the memo-
rial, after establishing, no doubt fairly, as the
signers of it believed, that it amounted to eight
dollars per bale of cotton, they calculate the loss is
$4,000,000—five hundred thousand bales being the
estimate of the whole crop of cotton of the States of
Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, and Tennessee;
and here it must be obvious that this calculation is
inaccurate The loss can fall only on the cotton
yet in the market on this side the Atlantic. That
which was shipped before January last, certainly
cannot be properly taken into the calculation.
W hat portion of the crop of the States mentioned
had been shipped before January he could not
tell, but this he knew, from the ports of Charles-
ton, Savannah, and New Orleans, between sixty
and seventy thousand bales of cotton had been
shipped on the last quarter of the past year moie
than there had been during the same peuodof the
preceding year. How it was elsewneie, Mr P.
could not say. In Georgia, the planters, stimu-
lated by the good puces with which the market
opened, had hurried their produce into market,an
operation in which they had been favored by an
unusually fine season. The larger part of their
nops being sold eaily, at good prices, compara-
tively, they were now easy in their money mat-
ters, and were holding the residue of their crops,
with a reasonable hope of better prices in a short
time.
Having corrected his own errors, he might b 
pardoned for adverting to those of others. Inth«
couise of discussion, some time since, the Senator
from Maryland, [Mr. Chambers,] not now in his
seat, and the Senator from Mame, oier the way,
[Mr Sprague,] had spoken of the draw for specie
made on the Branch Bank of the United States at
Savannah, and had supposed it to be connected
with a plan m connexion with the Government to
injure the credit of the Bank of the United States,
or else as a scheme to reduce the price of the stocks
in order to enable the house in INew York, who
was supposed to have made large contracts forde-
hvery at a coming day, to comply with those con-
tracts at a profitable rate What occurred in this
Chamber, being, as usual, very roughly íeported,
had attiacted the attention of the house in Augusta
by whom the specie had been diawn at Savannah,
and he begged permission, in justice to them, to
read a letter ¡ust received, addiessed to his col-
league [Mr. King] and himself-
" At this time of general excitement in thecom-
' munity on money affairs, it is a matter of no small
' regret to us to see our names thrust before the
' public, coupled with a transaction, in itself a
' 'fair business transaction,'but misrepresented and
' distorted into every and any shape, to suit the
' views of partisan poh'iuans We allude to the
' draw of specie made by us on the United States
' Bianch Bank in Savannah, in Novembei last.
' The simple and incortroveitible facts are these:
' The act of our Legislature, prohibiting the cir-
' culation of all notes under the denomination of
' fh es, went into operation eaily in the fall The
'sudden withdrawal of over ¡j600,000 of small
' notes cieaied a \acuum m oui < nculation, which
1 had to Le supplied in a great meesure by specie,
' instante You are well tware that we have large
' c peiations in specie, and perhaps know, that we
' have for years past been in the habit cf contract-
1 ing with banks to supply them In this^nstance,
• v e weieapplied to foi sjiecieby no l ss thai nine
' different banks, in the space of eightor ten days.
' We made such contracts to delnei to these lank 
' the amount they wanted, as we deemed to our
' interest We then contracted with Mr. G B.
' Lamarfoi the fre-ght of the specie from Savannah
' to Augista All this was done befoie a dollar
' of specie was diawn
" When we drew the specie, we did not' offer
' the bank to take a check on the North in lieu of
' the silvei ' Neuher did we ask the bank or
' cashier' to permit us to make a special deposite
' of the specie.' The bank has not silver enough
' to pay the whole amount, ($331 000.) and begged
' our clerk to wait until they could send and get
' $10,000 from one of the local banks, and he did
' wait. 'I he specie was delivered by us to nine
'different banks in this State, except twenty seven
' thousand teven hundred Sj,mmh dollars, which,
' beingworththieeorfourpei cent premiumatthat
1 tpne° n New York, were shipped to our house at
' that place    Every dollar employed in the draw
