252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
« was our own. The operation was entirely and
' exclusively ourovm. Our New York house knew
' nothing of tlie transaction, until it was all over.
' Not one dollar of the notes with which the draw
' was made was sent to us from New York, or any
' other place out of the State We have never had
' the first word of correspondence with the Execu-
«tive, the Government, or any person in the em-
' ploy of Government, relative to the United States
* Bank, the draw in question, or anything connect-
' ed with it. The only correspondence we euerhad
' with any person connected with the Government
' was with the AssistantPostmaster General, and
' that on business relating to that department ex-
' clusively. Such a thing as political effect was
' never intended or thought of by us."
The Senate had now information about that
strangely represented transaction from the fount-
aua-head. Mr P. hoped Senators who had made
representations or received impressions at variance
with the statement now made, would be satisfied,
that they had been misled.
PETITIONS.
Petitions of a private nature were presented by
Messrs McKEAN, GRUNDY, BIBB, POIN-
DEXTER, and TIPTON; which were severally
referred to appropriate committees.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr POINDEXTER, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill authorizing in cer-
tain cases an exchange of land warrants for scrip.
Mr POINDEXTER, from the same commit-
tee, asked to be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the bill confirming certain land claims
in the district of St. Stephens, in Alabama, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of Carlos D. Hall.
Mr BROWN, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of John Winslett.
Mr. PRESTON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, repoited a bill to regulate and increase
the compensation of surgeons and assistant sur-
geons of the Army.                                            _
Mr. TIPTON, from the Select Committee on
the admission of Michigan and Arkansas into the
Union, reported a bill granting additional compen-
sation to the Governor and United States Judges
of Michigan.
Mr MOORE, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported two bills for the relief of
certain persons therein named
Mr. MOORE, from the same committee, to
whom had been recommitted the bill for the relief
of Elizabeth Robinson, daughter of Lieutenant
Richard Wilde, of the revolutionary army, re-
ported the same, with an amendment
Mr. ICING, of Alabama, fiom the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a bill making an appro-
priation for the construction of a milnaiy road in
the State of Maine.
The engrossed resolution authorizing the Com-
mittee on Public Lands to employ a clerk, was
read a third time, and passed
The first special order of the day being the un-
finished business of yesterday, (leave to introduce
a bill continuing the charter of the Bank of the
United States,) being announced,
Mr. WEBSTER moved its postponement until
to morrow, (intimating that he should then call it
up at an early hour,) m order to afford Mr. Tall-
madge an opportunity of concluding his remarks
upon the other special order, being the report of
the Committee on Finance,and Mr. Clay's reso-
lutions relative to
THE PUBLIC DEPOSITES.
Mr. TALLMADGE resumed, and concluded
his remarks, sustaining the reasons of the Secre-
tai y of the Treasury; when, ata quarter before five
o'clock, on motion of Mr. CLAY,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
WiDNtsDAY, Match 19, 1834.
Mr. WHITTELSEY, of Ohio, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported, without amendment,
several Senate bills, which were committed and
made the order of the day for to-morrow.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, from the same commit-
tee, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of provid-
ing by law for referring all claims for buildings
burnt and destroyed by the enemy during the late
war, because they were in the military occupation
of the United States, by the order of an officer or
agent of the United States, as places of deposite or
as barracks, to the Third Auditor of the Treasury
Department, on principles that have been hereto-
fore prescribed in the settlement of such claims;
and that they further inquire into the expediency
of providing by law for the settlement of all claims
arising from the loss of property in the military
service of the United States by contract or impress-
ment, and for horses lost during the late war, also,
during the war with the Seminole Indians, and the
late war with the Indians commenced by Black
Hawk, on such principles as have heretofore been
prescribed in such cases.
Mr. WHITTLESEY said that this resolution
would relieve the committee and the House from
much labor, and would subserve the purposes of
justice.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. E. EVERETT obt&jned the consent of the
House to submit the following resolution, which
was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to submit to this House any information con-
cerning the fortifications proposed to be built on
Castle Island, in the harbor of Boston, and on
Throg'sPoint, East river,New York, which may
have been recently received at the War Depart-
ment.
The House resumed the consideration of the
resolution offered by Mr. Mardis, of Alabami:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of reporting a bill requiring the Secretary of the
Treasury to deposite the public moneys of the
United States in the State banks; and, also, as to
the expediency of defining by law all contracts
thereafter to be made with the Secretary for the
safe-keeping, management, and disbursement of
the same.
Mr. BURGES resumed his remarks, and spoke
till the expiration of the hour.
The CHAIR presented a communication from
the Navy Department, transmitting a report on the
case of Henry Eckford, referred to that department
Referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
THE DEPOSITES AND THE U. S. BANK.
The House resumed the consideration of the
resolutions reported fiom the Committee of Ways
and Means, together with the amendment moved
by Mr. Wilde, declaring the reasons given by the
Secretary of the Treasury for the removal of the
deposites to be unsatisfactory and insufficient
Mr. WILDE resumed his speech Tbe com-
mittee, he went on to contend, had not discharged
the duty which was íequired of them. On the
distinct question presented by the Secretary's
reasons, the committee had reported an argument,
but no resolutions in affirmation or denial of the
sufficiency of those reasons. If the committee
would not suffer the vote to be taken on that dis-
tinct proposition, the inference will be irresistible.
He was somewhat an observer of days and times
The report came in on the 4tb of March. Was
this to be interpreted as an augury5 Does it mean
that on the 4th of March next the doctrines of the
report will be exploded, and that by the following
4th of March, nothing but a fragment will remain
of the party which now supports them> If so, he
accepted the omen. Mr. W. glanced at the topics
and reasoning of the report. The great display of
historical research—the merit of which he did not
intend to controvert—would serve to prove the
qualifications of the author for the high post of
Secretary of the Treasury, if the incumbent should
not, as is possible, be confirmed m the office He
would not travel over the threadbare topics of the
three per cents., the protested bill of exchange, and
the sums paid for printing. He first adverted to
the nature of the contract with the bank Accord-
ing to the theory of the chairman, the performance
of its engagements by the bank established no
claim upon the Government for the fulfilment of
its promises. The committee, he said, had gone
far beyond the President and the Secretary, in
claiming power for the Executive. The com-
mittee contend that the power over the public de-
posites was originally an executive power, always
has been an executive power, and still is an exec-
utive power. If he weie not aware of the alarm-
ing rapidity with which despotic power makes its
progress, he should be surprised at the fact that a
power which, six months ago, was acknowledged
to be a legislative power, had become converted
into executive power, to be exercised under the
responsibility of the President to the people
In considering the accusation against the bank,
that by it3 curtailments it had produced the dis-
tress, the calculations evinced that this accusation
was something like the statement that the distress
was produced by the speeches in Congress. Both
were unfounded. But it was not enough for the
opponents of the bank to decry the speeches, orto
decline, which they could have done, to add to the
distress, by not speaking. It was the policy of
the day to contemn the persons sending their
petitions, in effect, telling the people: Be silent,
wretches, even your groans shall not be heard.
He referred to the punted report of the conversa-
tion of the President with the Philadelphia com-
mittee, when they waited upon him with their
representations Having read some extracts, as
the accuracy of them was impugned, he said that
their report was at least coiroborated by that from
the Baltimore committee, from which he read ex-
tracts; and as there was a member in the House
who was capable of bearing testimony to the char-
acter of those who made it, he felt at liberty to
assume that the statements were correct, if not
contradicted by that honorable member.
Mr. HEATH rose to say that if he was the
member alluded to, he was ready to state that the
persons who made the report were highly respect-
able merchants in Baltimore, well known to him
to be incapable of givng any misrepresentation.
_ Mr W. continued: This, then, settled the ques-
tion of the veracity of the statements, and entitled
him to contrast the conduct of the President, as
stated by these committees, with thai pursued by
the Father of his country—Washington—when
he received his white children. Mr W. proceeded
to review and comment upon the term "Govern-
ment" and others which he thought were so am-
biguous as to induce him to suppose that the
report and the message from the President read to
his Cabinet were prepared by the same persons.
He contended that the charges brought against the
bank were altogether unsu3tained by evidence, and
argued against the reasons adduced by the Secre-
tary, that Congress had divested themselves of their
money power, and said when it was attempted
to defend the acts of the President and the Sec-
retary, by pleading for them purity of intention,
the adage—
" Nemo malus qui non stultU3"
was brought,to his recollection. This he did not
use in any offensive sense, but he would urge that
such a defence ought not to be allowed to prevail
amongst statesmen. It was the Portuguese pro-
veí b which said "That hell was paved with good
intentions " He went on to controvert the argu-
ments and assertions m the report of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, to sustain the preference
which they had recommended to be given to the
State banks as the fiscal agents of the Government,
and he contended that, as nothing sufficient was
given by them, he must refer it to the language of
the President to the Philadelphia committee, in
which, among others, the President was alleged to
have stated that the article giving power over the
com to Congress had refeience to hard money
alone. This position of the President he could
not assent to, nor could he see how it was pos-
sible the power of the States could be invoked to
carry into operation the plans which he had de-
tailed for reducing the circulation of th e notes of the
State banks under the amounts of ten or twenty
dollars. Mr W. disputed the power of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to make contracts with the
State banks,and contended, at length, against the
views of the committee as to the capacity of the State
banks to act as fiscal agents of the Government
He was in favor of enlarging the specie basis, and
had formerly exerted his efforts in the House to
that end.   But the scheme adopted by the Pres-
