1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£05
Georgia, Mangum, Moore, Naudam,Poindexter,
Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Robbms,Silsbee, Smith,
feouthard, Sprague, Swift, Tomlmaon, Wagga-
man, Webster—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Brown, Forsyth,
Grundy, Hill, Kane, King of Alabama, Morris,
Robinson, Shepley, Tallmadge, Tipton, White,
Wilkms, Wright—15
Mr CLAY then inquired whether the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Wright] designed to
speak on the other special order, (Mr. C.'s reso-
1 jtion relative to the removal of the deposites.) If
he did not, he (Mr. C.) wished to make some
remarks himself, in reply to some gentlemen who
had already spoken.
Mr. WRIGHT was understood to express a
wish to make a few observations upon the first
resolution of the gentleman from Kentucky.
The Senate then, on motion, adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 25, 1834.
Mr THOMSON reported a bill for the relief of
Caroline E. Clitherall.
Mr. WARDWELL, a bill for the relief of Peter
Doxtator and Jacob Weaver
Mr. TOMPKINS, a bill for the relief of John
Da!, of Maine.
Mr. CHINN, a bill to complete the improve-
ments on Pennsylvania avenue.
Mr. MASON, a bill for the relief of Peter
Mills.
Mr. BELL, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, reported, without amendment, the bill from
the Senate for changing the term of the district
court for the western district of Louisiana.
Mr STODDERT, an act for the benefit of the
city of Washington; authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay a sum not exceeding $60,000
annually, in quarterly installments,for three years,
to the Mayoi of the city, to be applied under the
direction ot the Board of Aldermen and Common
Council, to extinguish so much of the interest
annually accruing on the public debt.
Mr. ARCHER, a bill for the relief of certain
inhabitants in East Florida.
All which bills were read twice and committed.
Mr. ASHLEY obtained leave to present a
memonal from sundry western merchants, who
met in Philadelphia, praying that the Bank of the
United States may be rechartered, and such other
measures taken by Congress as would relieve the
country from its present pressure. It was need-
less for him to say, that the memorial had his
most hearty wishes, he now called for the reading
of it It was read accordingly, ordered to be
punted, and laid on the table.
The House, by unanimous consent, proceeded
to call the several States for the presentation of
petitions
A memonal from Na'chez, presented by Mr.
Cage, praymg the restoration of the deposites,
being the unfinished business from yesterday, on
which there was a motion that it should be Uid on
the table,                     ~
Mr PLUMMER claimed the floor.
Mr CAGE withdrew his motion, ior the pres-
ent, to lay on the table.
Mr PLUMMERsaid he wiehed to make a few
brief lemarks, dissenting from the views of the
memorialists
The SPEAKER said it was not m order to do
so, except w th I "ave of the House
Mr PLUMMER then siid, that in order to
¡ittam ins obie^t, ne would moveto have the leso-
lutioi.o and uemonal refeired to the Committee of
Wivi a'J Means, v'th instructions to make a
i ei oi t a l\ ev" to the memorial, &c , if he wtn> in
ot del to do so
lie oPC \KlTR i"<brm=J him this motion was
in oidei, but a' the lesulutiois were not befoie
Hie Hou-e, having by mist ike been sent to the
pnv 'et, the subject muot s'tr.d ovei ui >il next
pt'iuo i day
Mi II \XNFG\Nobtj nwl lee\eofthe House
to sun-pit ti e fol'ovvino'
/V«'if I, That he Committee en Rs\o'uíiona y
Penecas be in-Ntii'f'ed to ipqjue >>m the e^ , >.-
di iKvofph il Demps^y lutks, i so'd er of !>e
lie sol it ti  ', on thf- pulsion i )i       \-,nei' to
Mi   Si  vT'' i1       ..¡Il...eto    ibm.it til* io'-
lowmg, which lies one day on the table for con-
sideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be instruct-
ed to inform this House whether a survey, of the
Memphis and Little Rock road has been made,
and if so, whether that survey has been returned
to the War Department, and, if not, the reasons
why it has not been returned; and further, that he
inform this House when it is intended to commence
the work upon that road.
Resolutions that the Committee on the Poet
Office and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into
the expediency of establishing post routes from
the following places were agreed to:
By Mr. BROWN: From Milton, in Ulster
•county, by way of Modena and Young's post
office, to Tuthill, and from thence across by the
mountain at the Traps, to Acord,m the county of
Rochester.
By Mr. SHEPPERD: From Germantown, m
Stokes county, North Carolina, by Bethania,
Vienna, and Shore's Ferry, to Rockford, in Sur-
ry county.
By Mr. PLUMMER: From Jackson to Win-
chester, Mississippi.
On motion of Mr WARD, of New York, the
memorial and documents of Jonathan Ward were
recommitted to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims
Mr. WARD also presented the memorial of the
owners and captama of vessels navigating Long
Island Sound, in relation to the light-house on
Sands Point, New York; which v/as referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Petitions  were presented  by Mr.   CAGE, of
Mississippi, Mr. BULL, of Missouri, and Mr
LYON, of Michigan.
The SPEAKER presented a communication
from the State Department, transmitting an ab-
stract, showing the number of American seamen
at each port. Referred, and ordered to be print-
ed.
The SPEAKER alsopresented a communication
from the War Department, in compliance with a
resolution of the House of the 19th instant, trans-
mitting information relative to fortifications, &c.
Referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also presented aletterfrom the
Secretary of the Treasury, in pursuance of an act
of Congress, supplementary to an act for the relief
of insolvent debtors of the United States, transmit-
ting an abstract and returns, in pursuance of the
provisions of that act.
On motion of Mr. ELLSWORTH, the letter
was ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
letter from Lieutenant Levy, of the United States
Navy, asking leave to present to Congress, and
through them to his fellow-citizens of the United
States, a bronze statue of Thomas Jefferson, &c
Mr PATTON said that, having the pleisure of
an acquaintance with Lieutenant Levy, he rose to
make the propel motion on the subject. After
investigation, he had found that the uniform
course, on such occasions, had been to refer the
communication to the Committee on the Library.
Accoidmgly, he made that moaon, that the com-
mittee might inquire what disposition should be
made of this munificent and patriotic donation
j The motion was agreed to
j                    THE PUBLIC DLPOSITES.
The House resumed the consideration of the
resolutions reponed from the Committee of Ways
and Means, together with Mr Wilde's motion to
amend the same
Mr. GILMER, of Geotgin, obtained leave to lay
the following íesolutions on the table, stating that
it v/as his intention to offer them, as an amend-
ment, at a pioper time reieaiter.
Resolved, That the right to control the pocs ssion
of the public money is a mist, and delegated to the
G-oveinment,of which it cannot divest itself, and,
theiefme, that Corjress has no powei to sell to
tne BiA of the United States, or other corport-
tion, or to any individual,the nght to possess the
money of the United States
R">r!iui,ThaUhe Congress of the Umted States
J d not, by the Sixteenth section of the act to m-
toin.i i'etieMil suibe.sof iheEiukof thoUiiu>d
...i,.     v, ai-'i dnetiS  t'.at   t. s.   deposites ot   the
money of the United States shall be placed in the
Bank of the United States and its branches, unless
the Secretaiy of the Treasury shall at any time
otherwise order and direct, relinquish its right of
controlling the depositee of the money of the Uni-
ted States, whenever the public interests should
require its exercise
Resolved, That the right of Congress to fix by
law the place of deposite for the money of the
United States, does not depend in any degree upon
the sufficiency or insufficiency of the reasons as-
signed to Congress by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, at the commencement of its present session,
for the removal of the money of the United States
from the Bank of the United States
Resohed, That the application to Congress for a
recharter by the Bank of the United States, at
the session immediately preceding the last presi-
dential election; the rejection of that application
by the deliberate action of the Government; the
geneial embarrassment of all business which has
been carried on by banking credit, the great inter-
est which the Bank of the United States has to
increase the embarrassment, and to occasion gen-
eral distress throughout the country; the power
which the United States Bank would possess of
compelling most of the State banks to stop the
payment of snecie, and all accommodation to the
people if the deposites of the money of the United
States were restored to the Bank of the United
States, conspire to render it the imperative duty
of Congress to deposite the money of the United
States in some other place than the Bank of the
United States.
Resolved, That the United States possess no pow-
ers of Government, except such as have been dele-
gated to it by the States through the Constitution.
Resolved, That the power to grant charters of
incorporation is an attribute of sovereignty, and
belongs to the States oi the people, it never having
been delegated to the United States
Resolved, That the authority granted to the
United States by the last clause of the 8th section
of the 1st article of the Constitution, to pass all
laws necessaiy and proper for carrying into
execution the powers conferred upon it, does not
justify the assumption .of any sovereign power by
the United States which belongs to the States or
the people
Rebolved, That the creation of a national bank,
or the rechartenng the present bank, by the United
States, is not only an exercise of power not
authorized by the Constitution, but dangerous to
the individual independence of the people, to the
power of the States to resist the usurpation of
their rights, and to the continuance of our present
free institutions.
Resolved, That the money collected from the peo-
ple, for the use of the Government, ought to bo
placed in the State banks until it shall be drawn
therefrom in consequence of appropriations made
bylaw, instead of permitting it to remain in the
possession of the public officers—because, through
the banks, the money may be made to return
immediately into circulation, thereby lessening the
burdens of taxation, keeping the quantity of encu
latmg medium equal, and adding to the aetmty
and prosperity of the community
Resolved, That the State banks, to be made the
depositaries of the public money, ought to bt
designated by law, as soon as possible, and the
conditions and restrictions piescnoed upon which
they shall lecene the public money and transfer it
to such places as the Go^ernm^nt m^y lequire.
The resolutions were oidered to he printed
Mr CL\Y, of Alabama, who wis entitled to
the loor, lose and spoke tvvo hours in support of
the resolutions rtpoitel fiom the Comm'ttee of
Ways and Means When he concluded, several
gentlemen simultaneously aidiessed the C'mir,
and ihe floor was obtained by Mi SCHLEY, of
Georgia, on whose motion the Houst adjouned.
IN SENATE
VÍLDiftiDít, Match 2G, 1834
A message was received fro"'] the President of
ti e Uri'ea States, by Mi   Donli.so\, hisPuvate
Seviets!/, transmitting s report of the Secieiaiy
of War  upon the  petition  of Wi.liam  Thaip,
vhi u v. l^'rpfened to the Committee on Claimc
Mr SOUTHARD piesenteJ the proceedings of
