1831.
of an
THE COxNTGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
!69>
Since the fall in the foreign mar-
ket had produced a heavy decline in the home
rnaiket, sales had almost ceased in Augusta, and
for the lt,st sixty or seventy days, the planters had
generally stored. The warehouses (he said) a,
Augusta, though numerous and spacious, were
crowded to oveiflowing, very few preferring (o
sell at the current prices, but holding on with an
obstinate confidence, hoping better might be ob-
tained.
This policy (said Mr. K.) has cut off the most
usual sifpply of northern exchange, which had
usen sifiLe about the first oí" January from par to
two per cent, premium, and even this rate being
beyond the usual exchange; a further advance
would probably produce a run upon the banks for
specie, in the remittance of which the merchants
(when remittances mint go on as usual) would find
a better account than in the purchaseof exchange
at these high rates. If, for these reasons, (said
Mr. K.,) the merchants should commence draw-
ing specie from the batiks, the banks must stop
their discounts, and reduce their debts, by calling
upon their customers, and thus would commence
the pressure.
There was another cause (he said) which might
add something to the demand for money in the
southern cities; and which, if he mistook not, had
added to the apprehensions of some practical men
in the city of his residence.
There were (he said) many northern houses
which had southern connexions and business
friends; and it will be recollected (said Mr. K )
that, when making a few remarks before the Sen-
ate a few weeks smce,l stated that i here was rather
an unusual demand for capital in the northern
cities, without the ususl facilities of supplying
them. The money market has been easier ot the
South, and he believed he had understood (at least
it was reasonable) that many southern houses had
sxhausted their credit, to raise remittances to aid
their northern friends. This might, if the facts
were so, add something to the usual demand for
northern exchange, which together would make
something more than an ordinary demand,which
was met m consequence of the policy of the plant-
ers, by a very inadequate and insufficient supply.
Mr. K. said he hoped, however, that this appie-
hended pressure might yet be averted, by a change
of policy by the planters, or such rise in their
produce as would induce them to part with their
property.
I might be disposed, (said Mr. K.,) underother
circumstances, to say something in  reference to
the object of the memorialists, in a more method-
ical manner than I have done heretofore; but the
proposed measure of therecharter is more directly
before the Senate by the introduction of a bill for j
that puipose; and 1 will therefore conclude, by
moving that the memorial  be  read, printed, and !
referred  to  the  Committee  on Finance, hoping I
that the bill, when brought forward fordiscussion,
will have that deliberate attention to which the
importance  of  the measure proposed so justly
entitle it.
The memorial was read, referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WEBSTER rose to make a correction in a
notice given a few days since, that he would, on
the first Monday in May, call up the bill extending
the char'cr of the United States Bank. He now
gave notice that he would call it up on Monday,
the 21st of April.
¡Mr. W. also presented a memorial of six thou-
sand two hundred and seven inhabitants of Wor-
cester county, Massachusetts, praying the restora-
tion of the deposites to the Bank of the United
States; which was read, referred to the Committee
on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLAY said that it had been his intention
to call up the resolution submitted by him, asking
for information from the Treasury Department
relative to the amount of public deposites in the
Union Rank of Maryland; but.obsei vini an hon-
orable Senator from Georgia [Mr. Forsyth]
absent from his seat, he should decline doing so at
this tune.
Mr. CLAY presented a memoiml, signed by
upw.iids of ]~>U0 inhabitants of the city of Lex-
ington and county of Fayette, Kentucky, praying
a restoration of the deposites to the Bank of the
United  States;   which was  read, referred to the
Committee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WHITE presented the petition of Benja-
min Murphy, of Arkansas; which was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
|     Mr. WILKINS presented the proceedings^md
j resolutions of inhabitants of Ceaver county, Penn-
j sylvania, censuring the acts of the Secretary of the
! Tieasury in removing the deposites; which were
| read, referred to the Committee on Finance, and
j ordered to be printed.
j Mr. WiLKINS, from the Committee on Pi-
I nance, reported a bill from the House of Represent-
j atives, making appropriations for the army for
I the year 1834.
! The special order was then announced, being
I the report of the Committee on Finance, and Mr!
I Clay's resolu'ion upon the
j              REMOVAL OF THE DEPOSITES.
< Mr. CLAY said it was just three months yes-
terday since he opened the debate in the Senate,
which was now drawing to a close. The period
which had elapsed was long enough for a vessel
to have passed the Cape of Good Hope, or to
have made a return voyage from Europe. It was
the longest period which had been occupied in a
single debate in either House of Congress since
the organization of the Government. But when
the magnitude of the interests involved were con-
sidered, there was no dispi, .ortion between the
| time and the subject. He seriously believed the
liberties of the country were involved in the meas-
ure under consideration arising out of the acts of
the Executive of the Government. The present
situation of the country was truly alarming. Would
nothing open the eyes of those in power? Would
nothing soften their hearts? Between the commo-
tions which followed the downfall of the first Bank
of the United States and the present state of
thing?, there was no comparison. Why was
this whole people agitated from one extreme of
this great nation to the other' Nature was still
unchanged in her various operations. Why was
it, then? It had flown from the act of one man
alone, honest and patriotic if you please, but stiil
it had proceeded from that act.
Gentlemen deceived themselves as to the evi-
dence of public sentiment, as manifested by the
late elections. Except the e'ections of the Senator
on his right, [Mr. Leigh,] and another of a doubt-
ful character in Virginia, there had been no demon-
strations of public sentiment. It had been inti-
mated that we should not adjourn till relief was
effected; he would be willing to stay here till
new year's day if that would procure relief, but
ho saw no relief till public sentiment effected it.
And he would be willing to say, when the authority
of the Constitution and laws should be vindicated,
let us adjiurn, and go home, and consult our con-
stituents what was to be done for their relief, and
then return and do their will.
The gentleman from New York [Mr,. Weight]
considered the first resolution as judicial in its
character; that the President was under trial; and
if it were so, he could not have had a more elo-
quent or able defender than the gentleman had
been. Mr. C. denied havingany personal feelings
to gratify against the President—his feelings were
exclusively public. He contended that the resolu-
tion was not judicial, either in its form or pur-
poses; that it was next to impossible to bring the
President to trial upon an impeachment, if that
were designed. ' That upon the doctrine contended
for by gentlemen, if the maishal, or any civiloffi-
cer of the Government was sent to summon him,
he could dismiss him, and put in another—he had
the military and naval power in his own hands, and
all the officers of Government held their offices at
his will. The resolution was no way hostile to the
President. Supposing it was admitted that there
was an assumption of power over the Constitu-
tion and laws: could the Senate do nothing? It
was the right and the duty of the Senate to express
an opinion, and the resolution was nothing more.
But it was said that the Senate could not act with-
out acting on the quo animo. But the resolution
only affirmed that the act done, was not in accord-
ance with the sentiments of the Senate. What,
then, he asked, had the President done' In his
first speech on this subject, he (Mr. Clay) had
said that it was not the act of the Secretary, but
i of the President; and since then an honorable
I member from Tennessee, [Mr. .Grundy,] had said
distinctly, that this was not the act of the Secre-
tary, but emphatically the act of the President,
and whatever of praise or blame was due for it,
was due to the President alone. This, Mr. C.
considered as high authority, and entitled to great
weight, coming from a genileman who came from
the same city as the President did. What the
resplution affirmed was, that by the proceeding of
the President he had assumed a power not granted
to him by the Constitution and laws; and he defied
gentlemen to point out an instance in the history ,
of the Government, where a head of a department
was required to perform a duty, and a President
had interposed his authority. Mr. Gallatin, in
the late report of the Union Committee, affirmed
that this was the first instance of such an occur-
rence. A gentleman from Virginia, not now here,
[Mr. Rjves,] had said that this was an abstract
proposition, but Mr. Clay contended it was not so.
it was a strict affirmance of an opinion on the part
of the Senate. And if both Houses should say—
he did not care if it was by a majority of but one
vote—tnat the reasons assigned by the Secretary
were unsatisfactory and insufficient, it was his
duty to restore them; his act was vacated, and no
form of joint resolution or biil was necessary to
effect the restoration. The subject could not be
brought within the power of the veto. It was his
duty to restore them, and he ought to perform it.
Whether he would perform it or not, Mr. C. could
not say; but public sentiment would-compel him
to do it.
Mr. C. then took up the argument urged, that
all the executive power was vested in a Presi-
dent of the United States, without limitation. He
had heard no limit to it whatever; but, on the con-
trary, the assertion of a power which was greater
than that possessed by any king in Europe. He
contended that the provision in the Constitution,
that the " executive power shall be vested#in a
President of the United States," was not an
express grant of power, but a designation of the
person in whom the executive power should be
vested. He then referred to the constitutional
provision for the judicial department: that " the
judicial department shall be vested in a Supreme
Court of the United States, and such other courts
as the Congress shall from time to time appoint."
This, he maintained, was the lecipient of the
power, not the grant of the power. The Constitu-
tion proceeded in another part of it, to wit, the sec-
ond section of the second article, to designated the
powers granted to the President, beyond which he
could not go, and that the argument that the Pres-
ident was invested with all the powers he had
assumed by the provision that he should see "that
the laws were faithfully executed." was without
foundation; that this provision never was designed
to give him the power of requiring public officers
to perform their duties according to his will and
pleasure; that the executive powerwas in its very
nature fundamental; that where the Constitution
gave him power, Congress could not impair it or
take it away; but where Congress gave, Congress
could shape or alter it as they thought proper.
He denied that the President was invested with
the power to control, as incident to the power of
appointment. That the chief object in the estab-
lishment of the Government under the present
Constitution, was to pay the debts of the United
States: hence the provision for that purpose in the
sixth article. With this object in view, the com-
missioners of the sinking fund were appointed, of
whom the Vice President is one, and the Chief
Justice of the United States was another, neither
of whom were removable by the President. ' That
although the heads of the State, War, and Navy-
Departments were emphatically the mouth-pieces
of the President, yet the Treasury was one over '
which the control of Congress was complete, and
therefore the President had no right to interpose
his authority over the head of that Department.
Mr. C. then adverted to the position maintained
by bomegentiemen, that all the officers of Govern-
ment held their places at the pleasure of the Presi-
dent. He had never until now heard it contended
that the President had a right to superintend and
direct the action of an officer under his own will.
He had, to be sure, a general controlling power to
see the officer at his post in the proper discharge
