■278                                     THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE._______________March 31,
mended the adoption of a law regulating the de-
posite of the public money with the State banks;
" that they should be made as Congress would
direct." Tne consequence of the adoption of the
resolution, and of action upon it by the Secretary
of the Treasury, would be this, although he did not
say such was the object of the member proposing
it: the State banks might tell the Secretary that
he had no power to call for the information. They
might be induced to refuse the call from a desire
to preserve their perfect independence, and put
themselves in an improper position as respected the
Government. He contended, also, that one effect
of the proposition might be to induce the public to
suppose that these banks were unsafe as deposito-
ries. It was unnecessary, with a view to inquiry
as to the safety of these institutions for that pur-
pose, as they were obliged to furnish statements
weekly, and when called upon, of their affairs.
"Why, then, as their condition was thus known,
f?hould they be called on for that information which
there had been an objection made to demand from
the Bank of the United States? The member from
Massachusetts said his resolution was intended as
a set-off to inquiries that were contemplated to be
made for improper uses into the affairs of indi-
viduals having transactions with the Bank of the
United States. If he (Mr. W.) thought such was
to be the use to which the resolution proposed for
adoption, in the report of the Committee of Ways
and Means, was to be applied, he would feel bound
to vote against it. He was willing to vote for in-
quiry, if it was fimited to cases in which there had
been violations of their charters by any of the State
banks, but he considered it altogether unnecessary
to inquire into the subjects of any loans made by
the State banks to any individuals. Where such
loans were secure the inquiry was unnecessary.
In every point of view, and as additional sub-
jects for inquiry had been proposed, further time
was necessary before they should acton the resolu-
tion. He would not now move to postpone its
consideration to a day certain, being desirous to
give a fair opportunity to any member who wished
to reply. After that he would do so, that there
might be full discussion upon it, and after which
they could determine whether the inquiry was a
proper one to make, or whether the information on
their table was not sufficient.
Mr. McKINLEY would willingly assent to the
inquiry into the condition of the State banks, if
the resolution proposed to ascertain that of which
the Secretary had official knowledge; or if he could
be shown to have the power to procure the infor-
mation sought for by the resolution, he would vote
for it, without any regard to the object for which
it was proposed. He considered that all thepower
which vested in the Secretary of the Treasury,
over the State banks, was that which was given
him by the contracts into which they entered with
him. There was no such power in the contracts.
How, then, could the House require the Secretary
to procure this information ?
Mr. SPEIGHT said, that although he had sup-
ported the Secretary of the Treasury, yet he, for
one, was willing to vote for any inquiry that should
be proposed to elucidate the affairs of those State
banks that were selected by the Secretary for the
safe-keeping of the public money; and so far from
thinking with the gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Wayne] that the Secretary had not the power to
procure the information, he should think he had;
and that if he had not, he had been guilty of a
great neglect of his duty in not having it. With
respect to what had been said by the gentleman
from Alabama, [Mr. McKinlest,] he would only
reply, that if the power to procure such informa-
tion as was now asked for by the resolution, was
not .inserted, or given to the Secretary by the
various contracts entered into, it ough t to have been
in them. He was surprised at themotion offered by
the member from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Harper,]
to strike out the parts respecting the debts of the
individuals, for he was always at a loss to conceive
what good reason there could be for having any
concealment about debts to any banks. He agreed
with the gentleman from Massachusetts, that it
was necessary to have the inquiry proposed by
his resolution. He desired to know everything
about the condition of the State banks, and wished
him to extend the same inquiry to the Bank of the
United States.   There should be no objection to
give information on the subject that would be
desired.
Mr. WILDE said he would support any and
all amendments that should be proposed, unless
they should be such as would change the charac-
ter of the inquiry.    He desired here to tender his
thanks to the member from Worth Carolina [Mr.
Speight] for the aid which he had given.    The
system—if system it could be called, which system
it was none—into which the money affairs of the
country had been brought by the conduct of the
high officers of the Government, was rapidly de-
veloping,    fie, however, agreeing with the senti-
ments expressed by him, wished to put the vote
he should give on grounds still more distinct than
those of the member from North Carolina.   The
views which he had were, that the whole control
over the public money—viz: to raise it, to pay it
out, and to deposite it for safe-keeping—belonged
to Congress.   They were told now, that Congress
had no right to inquire into the condition of those
banks having it.     If  this was  the fact; if the
money had got into depositories into which they
had no right to inquire, then came the  natural '
inquiry, how came it to be placed there?   If this j
was true, what (he asked) was the condition of the j
country?   He desired to be understood as mam- j
taining that Congress had no right to put the pub- J
he money in places, into the safety of which they ,
had not the right to inquire.    He was at a loss to I
determine whether the resolution embraces a suffi- :
cient range of inquiry.    He had no objection that '
theinquiry should be made as extensively in regard ,
to the United States Bank as to the State banks; '■
but he saw no propriety in connecting the two !
inquiries.                                                                       :
Mr. MANN, of New York, said there were
but two points in the inquiry proposed which had
not already been laid before the House, in answer '
to the former inquiries.   The names of the law- [
yers and solicitors were desirable, in his opinion, j
The amount of debt due by each president, cash- j
ier, &c, was perhaps desirable and useful.    He
saw no objection to it, and he tru'sted that the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Hakper] would
withdraw his motion to strike out this clause.       '
Mr. HARPER rose and said he would withdraw
his motion to strike out the clause.                          ,
The hour here expired for the consideration of
resolutions.                                                                   j
Mr. POLK moved the suspension of the rules '<
of the House, for the purpose of proceeding to ¡
consider the general appropriation bill.                    !
Mr. McDUFFIE suggested that the adoption '
of the motion would not promote the despatch of.
public business, as the Senate, it was well known, i
had not yet acted upon the bills already sent to j
them.
Mr. WILLIAMS objected to the motion, that
no notice had been given of it, and he called for
the yeas and nays upon it; which were ordered.
Mr. MERCER moved to amend the motion, by
adding the Potomac bridge bill.    Rejected.
The question being taken on the motion to sus- j
pend the rule, for the purpose of taking up the j
bill making appropriations for the support of Gov- j
ernment for the year 1834, it was determined in the ■
negative—ayes 107, noes 82, (not two thirds.)
The House proceeded to the consideration of
private bills.
The following bills were considered, and or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading:
A bill for the relief of Edward Brooke;
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of William Rogers, deceased;
A bill for the relief, in part, of the crew of the
brig Sarah George;
A bill to authorize letters patent to be issued to
Morris B. Ogden.
The bill for the relief of David Kilbourn was
taken up. A discussion ensued, in which Messrs.
WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, BÜRD, CHILTON,
THOMSON, BURGES, LANE, VANCE
BRIGGS, WARDWELL, GRENNELL, Mc-
KENNAN, EWING, GiLLET, and PILL-
MORE participated.
The question being on ordering the bill to be I
engrossed for a third reading, it was taken by yeas i
and nays, and determined in  the negative—yeas
72, nays 86.
On motion, the House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 31, 1834.
Mr. BIBB submitted the following resolution,
and asked the unanimous consent of the Senate for
its immediate consideration; which was grunted,
and the resolution adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Department
of State be requested to lay before the Senate, as
soon as practicable, all the information which has
been obtained under a resolution of the Senate of
the 26th February, 1833, touching the population
of the United States, of all kinds, native and alien,
the militia, and such other statistical information
as the Secretary might deem useful and expedient;
and particularly that he lay before the Senate all
the information that has been obtained under the
circulars issued by Mr. Livingston, propounding
queries to obtain information, as well on the sub-
jects particularly mentioned, as upon the subjects
confided to his direction by that resolution.
Mr. MANGUM presented a memorial from
inhabitants of the county of Wilkes, North Caro-
lina.
Also, a preamble and resolutions adopted at a
meeting of citizens ofMountsville, Rowan county,
North Carolina.
Also, a memorial signed by 500 citizens of Beau-
fort county, North Carolina, in favor of the res-
toration of the deposites to the Bank of the United
States.
All of which, after explanatory remarks by Mr.
M., were read, referred to the Committee on fi-
nance, and ordered to be printed.
. Mr. KING, of Alabama, presented a memorial
from citizens of the city of Mobile, in the State of
Alabama.
Mr. K. said he had a personal acquaintance with
a majority of the signers of the paper; they were
persons of the greatest respectability, many of them
merchants of the highest standing in society. They
say they are not carried away by party considera-
tions, and they express themselves in the most
decorous and respectful language. They said that
for five or six years past the city of Mobile, as
well as the State of Alabama, had enjoyed a great
and increasing degree of prosperity, but that for
the last four or five months this prosperity had re-
ceived a check, which had unsettled the exchanges
of the country, and which they attributed in some
degree to the removal of the deposites. They
complained that the pressure in the money market
had reduced the price of cotton; and they further
stated that they had no interest in the United States
Bank, not being the owners of any stock in the
institution. They submit it to the wisdom of
Congress to adopt such measures to relieve the
pressure in the country as might be most expe-
dient. The memorial was read, antl, on motion
of Mr. K., was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr, KING, of Alabama, in pursuance of notice,
asked and obtained leave to bring in a bill for the
better organization of the district court of the
United States in Alabama; which was read, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CLAY called up for consideration his reso-
lution calling for information from the Treasury
Department of the amount of deposites made in the
Union Bank of Maryland. Mr. C. modified his
resolution as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report to the Senate what amount of
public money is now on deposite in the Union
Bank of Maryland; when, and on what account it
was deposited; and, also, whether any Treasury
drafts, contingent or other, have been, during the
month of March, 1S34, furnished to the said bank,
or at any time heretofore to the Bank of Maryland,
for any and for what purpose. And that he like-
wise report what amount" of stock in the capital
of the said Union Bank was held by R. B. Taney,
Esq., when the said bank was selected as one of
the banks to receive on deposite the public money,
and what amount of said stock he now holds.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
Mr. POINDEXTER presented the petition of
Thomas Mullen; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. POINDEXTER submitted the following
resolution, and asked the immediate consideration
