1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
293
' cipal bank, or any of its branches, for the pur-
' pose of inspecting the books, correspondence,
' accounts, and other papers connected with its
' management or business, and that the said eom-
' mittee be required to report the result of such
' investigation, together with the evidence they
' may take, at as early a day as practicable "
And the fourth resolution was concurred in—
yeas 17], nays 42, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs John Adams, H Allen, John
J Allen, Wiliam Allen, Archer, Ashley, Barnn-
ger, Baylies, Beale, Bean, Beardsley, Beaumont,
John Bell, James M. Bell, Blair, Bockee, Boon,
Bouldin, Buggs, Brown, Bunch, Bulges, Bynum,
Cage, Campbell, Camlreleng, Carmichael, Carr,
Casey, Chaney, Clunn, Claiborne, Samuel Clark,
Wm Clark, Clay, Clowney, Coffee, Connor, Cor-
win, Coulter, Cramer, W. R. Davis, Davenport,
Day, Deberrv, Deming, Dennis, Dickerson, Dick-
inson, Duncan, Dunlap, H. Everett, Ewing, Fel-
der, Fillmore, Forester, Foster, P C Fuller, W.
K. Puller, Fulton, Galbraith, Gholson, Gillett,
Gordon, Graham, Grayson, Gnnnell, J. Halt,
H Hall,T. H Hail, Halsey, Hamer, Hannegan,
Hardin, J M Harper, James Harper, Harrison,
Hathaway, Hawkins, Hawes, Heath, Howell,
Hubbard, A. Huntington, Inge, Jackson, Jarvi",
William Cost Johnson, R M Johnson, Noadiah
Johnson, Cave Johnson, S Jones, B Jones, Kav-
anagh, King, Kmnard, Lane, Lansing, Laporte,
Lawrence, Lay, L Lea.T Lee, Leavitt,Loyall,
Lucas, Lyon, Ly'le, A Mann, J K Mann,Mar-
tmdale, Mardis, J Y Mason, Moses Mason,
McCarty, McComas, Mclntire, McKay, McKm-
ley, McLene, McVean, Miller, H. Mitchell, R.
Mitchell, Moore, Muhlenbere, Osgood, rage,
Parks, Parker, Patterson, D J Pearce, Peyton,
F Pierce, Pierson, Plummer, Polk, Pope, Ram-
say, Rencher, Schenck, Schley, Selden, A H.
Shepperd, Shinn, William Slade, Charles Slade,
Sloune, Smith, Spaneler, Speight, Standifer, Stew-
art, Stoddert, Suthei land, Wm Taylor, Wm P.
Taylor, F Thomas, P Thomas,Thomson, Tui-
ner, Turrill.Vanderpoel, Vinton, Wagener, Ward,
Wardwell, Wayne, Webster, Whallon.F Whit-
tlesey, E Whittlesey, Wilde, Wilson—171
NAYS—Messrs J Q, Adams, Chilton Allan,
Anthony, Bank", Barber, Barnitz, Beatty, Bin-
ney, Burd, Chambers, Chilton, Choate, Clayton,
Crane, Crockett, Darlington, Amos Davis, Denny,
Dickson, Evans, E Eveieu, Gilmer, Hard, Ha
zeltme, Henderson, Lincoln, Marshall, McDuffie,
McKennanjMercei.Milhgan.MurphVjPinckney,
Potts,Reed, W B Shepard, Tompkins,Tweedy,
Vare , Watmru'h, Williams, Young—43
Mr THOMAS, of Louisiana, obtained the
unanimous consent of the House to submit a mo-
tion that when the House adjourns it adjourn to
meet on Monday next, and the motion was
agreed to
The committee of investigation was ordered to
consist of seven members
Mr WILDE offered as an amendment to the
resolutions a fifth reso'ution.
Mr  POLK moved an adjournment
Mr WILDE asked the yeas and nays on the
motion, and they wpre ordeied
The question b«W£taken, it was decided in the
affiimame    Yeas 123, nays 7
The House then adjourned, at half past seven,
to meet on Monday next
IN SENATE.
Monday, Jpnl 7, 1834
Mi SILSBEE presented a memorial signed by
twelve bundled inhabitants of Salem, Massachu-
setts, praying Congiess to make some arrange-
ment for the regula'ion of the currency of the
country, to restore the deposites to the Bank of
theUmted States, and to recharter the bank The
memorial was read, referred to the Committee on
Finance, and ordered to be printed
Mr WRIGHT piesented the petition of the
hens of the late Robert Fulton, deceased, piaymg
compensation for the construction of steam frig-
ates, and other services, which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs
Mr WRIGHT presented the petition of three
bundled and fifty five citizens of Syracuse, New
\ ork, prayin" (he íestoration of the deposites to
the Bank of the United States, which was read,
referred to the Committee on Finance, and ordered
to be printed.
Also, a memorial signed by eleven hundred and
forty-three citizens of Rochester, New York, sus-
taining the Executive, and praying that the depos-
ites may not beiestored to the Bank of the United
States, or that institution be rechartered Read,
referred to the Committee on Finance,and ordered
to be printed.
Mr KANE presented the petition of sundry
citizens of Illinois, praying aid from Congress to
construct a road from Chicago, in Michigan, to
Vincennes, in Indiana; which was referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN presented the pre-
amble and resolutions of a large meeting of the
democracy of Essex county, New Jersey,adverse
to a recharter of the Bank of the United States,
opposed to a restoration of the deposites, and
declaring the unlimited confidence of the meeting
in the National Executive The proceedings were
read, referred to the Committee on Finance, and
ordered to be printed
Mt WHITE, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of James
Biown, and a bill for the relief of Alexander J.
Robertson
Mr TIPTON presented the petition of Samuel
Hardesty, of Indiana, which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. BIBB presented a memorial, signed by
upwards of 1,000 inhabitants of Shelby county,
Kentucky, praying a rechaiter of the Bank of
the United States, and a restoration of the public
deposites to that institution, which was read,
referred to the Committee on Finance, and ordered
to be printed
Mr MORRIS presented a senes of resolutions
of the Legislature of Ohio.
1     Asking grants of lands for the benefit of
schools Referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
2    Disapproving of the Military Academy at
West Point, and recommending its abolishment
Referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed
3    Asking aid from Congress for the construc-
tion of the Ohio end Pennsylvania canal Re-
feired to the Committee on Roads and Canals, and
ordered to be printed
4    Recommending an appropriation of lands for
the benefit of officers and soldiers of the late war
Referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and oidered to be printed
Mr MORRIS presented the petition of Daniel
Taylor, which was referred to the Committee on
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Mr BIBB, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, reported a bill for the better organization of
the district courts of Alabama.
Mr BIBB presented the petition of Moses
Archer, which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions                                            t
Mr BROWN presented the proceedings of a
meeting of inhabitants of the town of Tarborough
and i ts vicinity, in the county of EJgecomb, North
Carolina, opposed to a recharter of the Bank of
the United States, and against a restoration of the
deposites to that corporation Read, referred to the
Committee on Finance, and ordeied to be printed
THE SPECIAL ORDER.
Being Mr Clvy's resolutions relative to the
Executive power of removal from office, was post-
poned, on his motion, and made the order of the
day for this diy fortnight
Mr PRESTON offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secietary of the Treasury be
duected to communicate to the Senate the name of
any agent, or agents, employed by him, to trans-
act the business of the Treasury with the banks
selected for the deposite of the public funds, the
natuie of the duties performed by said agent or
agents, the amount of compensation paid for the
discharge of the said duties, and by whom, and
from what fund the said compensation is paid, and
whether the s„id agent or agents have been ap
pointed in pursuance of law
Mr EWING piesented a memorial, signed by
50 inhabitants of Muskingum county, Ohio, pray
nig the abolition of slaveiy in the District of Co
lumbia.
Mr. EWING said that although the memorial
merited respectful consideration, yet, under exist-
ing circumstances, any legislation on the subject
by Congress, at present, and probably for some
time to come, he thought, would be unwise and
inexpedient
On his motion, the memorial was referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr CALHOUN gave notice that he should, on
Wednesday, move to take up his motion for the
repeal of the Force bill.
ORDERS OF THE DAT.
The several resolutions submitted on Friday
last, were considered and adopted.
The following bills were read a third time and
passed-
A bill for the relief of William S Anderson.
A bill for the relief of Garngues Flaujac
The bill for the relief of Ehhu Hall Bay being
under consideration, a debate ensued, in which
Messrs WHITE, POINDEXTER, WAGGA-
MAN, KANE, and BLACK, participated.
Mr. BLACK moved to lay the bill on the table.
Lost.   Yeas 14, nays 14.
The debate was resumed by Messrs. FOR-
SYTH, FRELINGHUYSEN, PRESTON,
WHITE, and SPRAGUE, when Mr. PORTER
renewed the motion to lay the bill upon the table,
which prevailed.
The bill appropriating #350,000 for the construc-
tion of a lateral branch of the Baltimore and Ohio
railroad, coming up, on its final passage—
Mr. HENDRICKS said, he thought this was 
bill containing some provisions which ought to be
attended to. The bill appropriated $350,000, or
$30,000 a year for twenty years, for carrying the
mail. It was a general principle not to charge the
Government for the transportation of the mail on
common roads, and he thought the principle a
proper one in this case He therefore moved to
recommit the bill to the Committee on the District
of Columbia
Mr. GRUNDY was in favor of the motion. It
was very doubtful whether the principle in the bill
suggested by the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Hendricks] ought to be established. He did not
think Congress should bind itself to pay a stipu-
lated sum for the performance of a specific duty.
It was impossible now to say what, in twenty
years, it might be expedient for the Government
to do in regard to the transportation of the mall.
The proposed arrangement might do very well
now, but something might occur, before that time,
which might prove that the arrangement was not
a desirable one for the public interest. He would
rather give the company a much larger sum, and
let them carry the mail free of charge as long as
the Government chose.
Mr. SPRAGUE observed that the chairman of
the Committee on the District of Columbia was
absent, and to recommit the bill to the committee,
would seem like an expression of opinion that it
ought to be amended; he preferred, therefore, that
the bill should be laid on the table, which was
agieed to
The following bills were read a third time and
passed■
A bill for the relief of Thomas Fillebrown, jr.
A bill for the relief of John A Webster
A bill for the relief of Hishe Homa, otherwise
called Captain Red Pepper
The resolution of Mr POINDEXTER, author-
izing the printing of 1,000 copies of the Journals
of the old Congress, being called up, it was, upon
his motion, laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr FORSYTH, the Senate pro-
ceeded to executive business, and, after spending
some time therein, adjourned
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, April 7, 1834.
The CHAIR announced the following as the
Committee of Bank Investigation, under the 4th
resolution adopted by the House on Friday last:
Messrs Thomas of Maryland, (chairman,) Ever-
ett of Massachusetts, Muhle-jberO of Pennsyl-
vania, Mason of Virginia, Elisworth of Con-
necticut, Mamn of New York, Lytlb of Ohio
Mr BURGES presented a memorial from sun-
