.296
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
Mr. FILLMORE presented a memorial from
certain young men, citizens of Troy, condemning
the measures of the Government in relation to the
United States Bank, &c. Read, ordered to be
, nnted, and laid on the table.
Messrs G1LLET,HAZELTINE,TURR1LL,
and BEARDSLEY, presented private petitions
Mr BEARDSLEY presented a memorial from
600 citizens of Utica, protesting against the resto-
ration of the deposites, and the recharter of the
United States Bank. Read, ordered to be printed,
and laid on the table.
Messrs HATHAWAY and VANDERPOEL
presented private petitions
Messrs SCHENCK, PARKER, and DICK-
ERSON presented petitions.
Mr. BINNEY presented the memorial of the
Select Council of Philadelphia, condemning the
course of the Government on the subject of the
deposites Read, ordered to be printed, and laid
on the table.
Mr. WATMOUGH presented a petition from
a committee of the officers who served in the late
war, praying a grant of land.   Referred.
Mr MUHLENBERG presented memorials
signed by 5,480 citizens of Berks county, in Penn-
sylvania, praying that the United States Bank may
not be rechartered, and that the public deposites
may not be restored, and denying the existence of
great distress in _lat neighborhood The language
of the memorial was respectful It was signed
chiefly by farmers, mechanics, and laborers—the
yeomanry of Berks county—men distinguished for
the morality of their nebits, and-their attachment
to the institutions ot the country. Their opinions
were entitled to respect at home, and throughout
the State, because they t.peak a united and power-
ful voice through the Ufi.lot-box, and he hoped
they would be respected here, for here the opinion
of every citizen was entitled to respect, whether
Federalist or Democrat, bank or antt bank He
asked the reading of one of the memonals The
memorials were ordered to be printed, with the
names, and laid on the table
Ml. McKENNAN presented a memorial from
citizens of Washington county, Pennsylvania,
disapproving of the measures ot the Government
in relation to the United States Bank Ordered to
be punted, and laid on the table.
Mr DARLINGTON presented a memorial
from citizens of Delaware county, Pennsylvania,
praying the íestoraiion of the deposites, and the
recharter of the Bank of the United States, as the
only means of restoring confidence and relieving
the present distiess Read, laid on the table, and
ordered to be punted
Mr DARLINGTON presented the proceedings
of a public meeting on the same subject, and
came character, held in the county of Delawaie,
which was read, ordered to be printed, and laid on
the table.
Mr SUTHERLAND presented the proceed
ings of a Democratic meeting of citizens, held m
Delaware county, decidedly supporting the meas-
ures and views of the Administration in relation
to the United States Bank He read some of the
resolutions, as a reply to the resolutions from a
meeting in the same county, which had just been
read The resolutions were ordered to be punted
and laid on the ¡able
Mr SUTHERLAND also presented the me-
morial of sundry citizens of Blockley township,
Pennsylvania, opposing the restoration of the
deposites and the recharter of the Bank Oi dered
to be printed
Mi S also presented the memorial of the Dem
ocratic citizens of Southwaik, appiovmg of the
course of the Administration in relation to the
United States Bank Read, ordered to be printed,
and laid on the table
Mr S also presented a memorial Horn citizens
of the third congressional district of Pennsylvania,
sustaining the course of the Administration in
i elation to the United States Bank The memorial
was signed by two thousand eight hundred and
seventy-nme vqters of the district, whicn, in addi
Hon to those heretofore forwarded, was stated to
make three thousand one hundred and seventy
nine names, and many more were coming Read,
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed
Mr WAGENER presented a memorial from a
number of Democratic citizens assembled at North-
ampton, with certain resolutions against the re-
charter of the bank and restoration of the depos-
ites.
Mr. BEAUMONT presented four memorials
from sundry persons, amongst them one from
1,118 citizens of Northumberland county, against
the restoration of the depoBites, and against the
recharter of the bank.
Mr B. also presented one of a different tenor
from one hundred citizens of Muncy, Lycoming
county.
Mr GALBRAITH presented a memorial from
sundry citizens of Franklin, Venango county,
against the restoration of the deposites and rechar-
ter of the bank.
Mr. POTTS, sundry memorials in favor of the
restoration of the deposites and the recharter of the
bank, from the inhabitants of Chester county
Mr MILLER presented the proceedings of a
meeting of the citizens of Adams county, in Penn-
sylvania, held at Gettysburg, on the 22d of last
month Mr. M said that the gentlemen who had
enclosed the proceedings to him had authorized
him to say that the meeting was large and respect-
able. He said he knew a number of the gentle-
men himself whose names appeared in the proceed-
ings, and heknew them to be not only respectable,
but intelligent The pioceedings are in relation
to the Bank of the United States and the public
deposites They are opposed to the recharter of
that institution, and approve of the measures of
the Administration in removing the public moneys
from it. They have also referred to several polit-
ical topics, not immediately connected with legisla-
tion, but relating to a national convention,and the
nomination of candidates for the first offices in this
Government, on all of which subjects, (Mr M
said,) they had expressed their sentiments so
much more fully and so much better than he could
in any condensed remarks he might make, that he
would ask for their reading.
The hour being late, the motion for reading was
withdrawn, and the pioceedings were ordered to
be printed, and laid on the table
Mr BARN1TZ, a memorial from inhabitants
of York county, in favor of the restoration of the
deposites and recharter of the bank
Mr. THOMAS, a memorial from Washington
county, in Maryland Also, from the presidents
and directors of thiee banks in Frederick county,
Maryland, in favor of, and certain resolutions en-
tered into by the Legislature of Maryland, protest-
ing against, a restoiation of the deposites, &c
Mr. CARMICIIACL, a memorial from inhab-
itants of Punce George's county, in favor of the
íestoration of the deposites
Mr TURNER, from 328 citizens of Baltimore
county, in favor of the restoration of the depos-
ites, &c.
Mr BEALE, from Rockingham county, and
Shenandoah county, Virginia, against the restora-
tion of the deposites
Mr BEALE eatd: Mr Speaker, I present to
you the resolutions of a people who, in Virginia,
in all the great struggles for political freedom, have
been denominated the tenth legion of its democ-
racy. Their resolutions approve of the with-
drawal of tlie public money from the Bank of the
United States, declare the unconstitutionality, ille-
gality, and irresponsibility of the Bank of the
United States, and as therefore dangerous under
a Government of limited powers
It has been common, upon the presentation of
memonals and resolutions here, to say that they
come fiom persons of all parties Not so here
Thosfffrom a part of the county of Rockingham
were unanimous, those fiom the county of Shen-
andoah were opposed by one dissenting voice to
one of the resolutions, amidst the affirmative
sanction of hundreds of its bold yeomanry But,
Mr Speaker, this large majority were of a par-
ticular paiXy, they were of that party, and of that
people and their descendants, who, in the days of
the Revolution, fought against the British, the
Indians, and the Tories, and aided in establishing
upon a firm basis the rights of oui race They
were of that party who, under the auspices of
Mi Jefferson, effected the great civil revolution of
1800 They were of that party who sustained
the Administration in the late war made for the
lights of oui sailors, and the liberties of the seas,
and who did not then hold out false lights to the
enemies of our country, and who in more modern
times have rallied under no banner but that of the
Union
The SPEAKER, from Luray.in relation to the
Mr WISE, from James City, complaining of
the removal of the deposites, which they allege to
be an unlawful assumption of power on the part of
the President, and praying their restoration.
Mr. HALL, of North Carolina, from inhabit-
ants of Washington, Beaufort county, for, and
also one from Edgecomb county against, the res-
toration of the deposites
Mr. BYNUM.from Halifax county, protesting
against the restoration of the deposites and rechar-
tenng of the bank
Mr CHILTON ALLAN, from Lexington,
Kentucky, for the restoration of the deposites and
recharter of the bank
Mr CHILTON, from inhabitants of his dis-
trict, in favor of the restoration of the deposites.
Mr HENDERSON presented the proceedings
of a meeting held at Bellefonte, Centre county,
Pennsylvania
Mr. H said this meeting was acknowledged to
have been the largest ever convened in this county,
and composed of the piofessional man, the sub-
stantial faimer, the manufacturer, and the me-
chanic. Amongst the many respectable names
which he recognized was that of our distinguished
fellow citizen, the Hon Andreiv Gregg, whose
name alone, at least in his own State, will com-
mand for those pioceedings a respectful attention.
He would only add, that it was highly gratifying
to him to find that his course here, upon this all-
absorbing question, had met with the approbation
of so large a portion of his fellow citizens, and that,
without doing violence to his own opinions, he
could cheerfully obey their mandates.
Mr H also presented the pioceedings of a
meeting adveise to tnose last presented
Mr H said, though differing as he did, in many
of the sentiments contained in these resolutions,
he could cheerfully bear testimony to the respect-
ability of the men whose names were signed to
the paper, some of whom were too well known to
require this humble tribute.
Mr POPEpresented amemonaland resolutions
of 1,083 inhabitants of Shelby county, Kentucky,
deprecating the removal of the public deposites
from the Bank of the United States, ascribing the
present distress of the people to that cause, and
i esolving in favor of their restoration to that bank,
and in favor of a recharter thereof, with such
modifications as will meet the general sense of the
people
Mr P observed, that the signatures were evi-
dently not the autograph of the memorialists, but
were copied, he presumed, from the originals He
had no doubt, however, that it had been fairly
done, inasmuch as the gentlemen who had for-
warded the memorial to him, were ofhigh character
and worth He had received the memorial on last
Wednesday, and would have been much pleased if
he could have presented it before the vote on the
subjects of the memorial had been taken, but he
was precluded from doing so by ihe rules of the
House, which only permitted their presentation on
Mondays He said the people of Shelby county,
as a body,were eminently respectable, industrious,
and intelligent, and so were the memorialists as
far as he knew them, and he regretted that he
could not concur with them in all their views He
moved that the memorial be laid upon the table
and printed
Mr LEAVITT presented sundry memorials
for and against the restoration of the deposites,
&c , from Hamson county, Ohio, also, one from
Jefferson county, against the restoration of the
deposites
Mr SPANGLER, from Tuscarawas county,
Ohio, in favoi of the restoration, &c , and
Mr CORWIN, from Warren county, in favor
of the restoration, &c , praying Congress to take
measuies to restore the currency from its present
state of depreciation
Mr MITCHCLL, from inhabitants of twelfth
congressional district, Muskingum county, in favor
of the restoration of the deposites
All the above memorials in relation to the de-
posites were laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
