1834.                                THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                   297.
Mr. BOON asked the unanimous consent of the
House to submit a resolution to fix the day of
adjournment for the present session.
A member objecting—
Mr. B. moved the suspension of the rule, to
enable him to offer it. He subsequently withdrew
it, but gave notice he would hereafter submit this
resolution.
Mr. ASHLEY obtained leave to offer a resolu-
tion instructing the Committee on Commerce to
inquire into the expediency of making Port Inde-
pendence, in the county of Jackson, Missouri, a
port of entry.    Agreed to.
Mr. LYON, of Michigan, presented a letter
from his Excellency Governor Porter, enclosing
resolutions of the Legislative Council of that Ter-
ritory, relative to taking a census of the people
there, and praying Congress to authorize an extra
session of the Legislative Council of thirty days,
during the present year. Referred to the Com-
mittee on the Territories.
Mr. LYON also presented a memorial of the
Legislative Council of Michigan, expressive of the
views which that body entertain of the establish-
ment of the southern boundary of that Territory.
Ordered to be printed.
And on motion of Mr. WARD,
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, Jlpril 8, 1834.
Mr. HENDRICKS moved that the bill and
amendment reported by the Committee on Roads
and Canals, extending and repairing the Cumber-
land road through theStatesof Ohio, Indiana, and
Illinois, be printed; which was so oidered. He
gave notice that he should call the bill up for con-
sideration on Thursday nest.
Mr. SMITH, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, reported a bill for the relief of Jonathan
Blaisdell; which was read the first time, and
ordered to a second readirg.
Mr. SOUTHARD presented the proceedings
of a meeting held in Clinton, Hunterdon county,
New Jersey, approving of the course of the Ex-
ecutive with regard to the removal of the deposites
from the Bank of the United States, ascribing the
distress which prevails in the community to the
action of that institution, and recommending that
the deposites should not be restored, or the cor-
poration rechartered.
Also, the proceedings of a meeting held on the
same day, and at the same place, of a counter
character.
Also, the proceedings of a meeting of citizens of
the town of Morris, same county, of like tenor.
Also, a meeting of inhabitants of Cape May
county, of a similar character.
Also, the proceedings of a meeting in Salem,
New Jersey, of like import.
The first of which was read, and the reading of
the others, on motion of Mr. PRESTON, was
dispensed with, and the whole referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SILSBEE presented the memorial of sun-
dry merchants of Boston, relative to the ware-
house system; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Mr. SILSBEE presented a memorial from New
Bedford, Massachusetts, asking a restoration of
the deposites to the Bank of the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SILSBEE, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill for the erection of a marine
hospital in the city of Charleston, South Carolina.
Mr. TYLER presented the petition of Elizabeth
Scott, which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary
Mr. TOMLINSON presented the petition of
Peter Bradley; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Also, the petition of Carey Clark; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. McKEAN presented the memorial of the
City Council of Philadelphia, praying a restora-
tion of the deposites to the Bank of the United
States.
Also, a memorial of a similar character, from
the county of Delaware, Pennsylvania.
The memorials were read, referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported a bill for the adjustment of the
northern boundary line of the State of Mis-
souri.
Mr. BLACK presented the petition of Charles
Flmn; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, submitted the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of au-
thorizing the accounting officers of the Treasury to
credit theaccount of David McCord, late receiver
of public moneys at the land office at Cahawba, in
the State of-Alabama, with the amount of money
received by said McCord for the sale of public
lands; and what was lost by Alexander Pope, by
the burning of the steamboat Florida, while taking
the same to Mobile, to deposite it in the Branch
Bank of the United States, according to orders
received from the Secretary of the Treasury.
The resolution was considered and adopted.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, presented the petition
of Francis Stringer; which was referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT communicated a let-
ter from the Commissioner of the Land Office,
transmitting a statement of patents for lands pre-
pared for the signature of the President of the
United States, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate to that effect.
Mr. KENT presented the petition of Charles
Key; which was referred to the Committee oh
Pensions.
Mr. WHITE rose and moved (the morning
business being disposed of) that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. CLAY hoped not. He thought there was
nothing so urgent before the Senate as to make it
necessary to omit going on with the business on
the table.
Mr. WHITE said it was with great reluctance
he would press the motion to the prejudice of the
business of any gentleman. But situated as some
of the executive business was, he thought he
could not postpone it. Some of it required to be
acted on; and on looking to the ordinary business
for to-morrow, he feared, if he did not press the
motion now, he might not have an opportunity
of doing so for some days. The Senate knew
what that business was; and if they believed there
was any other business which ought to be pre-
ferred, he would acquiesce.
The motion was agreed to, on a division, 19
to 15.
When the doors were opened,
Mr. CLAYTON moved the consideration of
the resolution providing a new rule of the Senate
in reference to the presentation of petitions and
reports, when called for in the order of the States.
Mr. CLAYTON urged the resolution to save
the consumption of time and confusion resulting
from several members rising at the same time.
Mr. CLAY, Mr. CALHOUN, Mr. KING, of
Alabama, and Mr. SPR.AGUE, objected to the
rule, as subjecting the President of the Senate to
the tedious form of calling over all. the States,
which would cause as much delay as arose from
the present mode of transacting the business of
the Senate.
Mr. CALHOUN moved to lay the resolution
on the table; which was disagreed to—yeas 17,
nays 19.                               "
i Mr. CLAlf moved an amendment, that after
\ the reading the Journal the President should call
Í for petitions and then for reports.
] Mr. KING, of Georgia, expressed a hope that
! the elder members of the Senate would withdraw
i their opposition to the resolution, as it seemed to
¡ come principally from them, which he thought
j was to be attributed to the superior skill and tact
which they had acquired by long experience.
I     Mr. EWINGthen moved an adjournment, with
I a view of having a more full attendance of the
i Senate in considering the resolution.   The motion
j was agreed to:
i     Yeas 21, nays 17.
I    The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesdat, April 8, 1834.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON reported a bill for the
relief of Benjamin Oden; which was read twice,
and committed.
Mr. R. M.JOHNSON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported the following resolution;
which was agreed to:
Resolved, That, in consequence of the time which
has elapsed since the establishment of the present
system of discipline for the Army and the improve-
ments which have taken place in military science,
it is expedient to have a revision of said system,
and, theiefore, that the Secretary of War be di-
rected to cause a revision thereof to be made, and
the same to be reported to -Congress at its next
session.
Mr. J. also reported a bill to allow further time
to complete the issuing and> locating of military
land warrants to sundry officers engaged during
the late war with Great Britain.
Mr. TOMPKINS, a bill for the relief of Simeon
Meacham, i,f New Y'ork;
Mr. CAMBRELENG, a bill for the relief of
Dominick Lynch; and
Mr. CHANEY, a bill for the relief of Francis
St. Cyr;
All which bills were read twice, and committed.
Mr. CARR, fiom the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
Jacques Porlier and others; which was read twice,
committed to a committee of the Whole House,
made the order of the day for to-morrow, and or-
dered, with the report, to be printed.
Mr. CARR, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
Isaac Williams, deceased; which was read twice,
committed to a Committee of the Whole House,
made the order of the day for to-morrow, and
ordered, with the report, to be printed.
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, from the Committee
on Public Lands, to which was referred the peti-
tion of sundry half-breed Indians, of the Sac and
Fox tribes, in Missouri, reported a bill granting to
them the reversionary interest of the United States
in certain reservations of land occupied by them,
and lying between the Mississippiand Des Moines
rivers; which was read twice, and ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading to-morrow.
Mr. WILLIAMS, a bill authorizing the Presi-
dent of the United States to ran and mark the line
dividing the territory of the United States from the
State of Missouri; and
Mr. VINTON, a bill to renew the patent of
Thomas Blanchard;
Which bills were read, twice and committed.
The House suspended the rule, to enable Mr.
McKENNAN to submit the following resolution;
which lies one day on the table for consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be in-
structed to furnish the House with a detailed esti-
mate for the repairs of the Cumberland road, east
of the Ohio river.
The House then took up the resolution sub-
mitted by Mr. MAKDis,in relation to the deposites
Mr. CORWIN resumed his remarks.    Head-
verted to the recent votes of the House, by which
they had resolved that the Bank of the United
j States ought not to be rechartered, orthe deposites
1 restored to it, as showing some inconsistency .with
i the vote appointing the committee of investigation
i into its affairs, and he argued that this must lead
, to a belief that the majority could not have in-
tended to determine that their votes were to be con-
j sidered as having made a final disposition of these
', several subjects; that, in fact, the charges"brought
I against the bank would not amount to t-he crime of
j murder, but would settle down to one merely of
¡ assault and battery.    Having reviewed the reasons
I of the Secretary of the Treasury until the expira-
! tion of the hour, he gave way, without concluding,
I to a motion by Mr. BRIGGS, for the special order
! of the day, being
| The bill to provide for the settlement of certain
j revolutionary claims, commonly called the com-
! mutation bill.
Mr. CRAMER resumed, and concluded his re-
marks in support of it.    After which,
Mr. CRANE, having obtained the floor, moved
that its further consideration should be postponed,
