298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
and made the special order of the day for Thurs-
day next; which motion pievailed.
On motion of Mr POLK, the House went into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
Mr. Hubbard m the chair, upon the bill making
appropriations for tne civil and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year 1834
The item appropriating $20,000 for clerkships
in the State Department, having been read,
Mr McKAY' made some objections to it, and
stated that, at a subsequent stage in the progress
of the bill, he should move to reduce the appro-
priation to what it was last year.
Mr POLK explained, that an allowance was
made last year for extra clerkship, which was
comprehended in this sum.
The item appropnatmg $500 in addition to the
present salary of the chief clerk of the State De-
partment was read.
On motion of Mr. POLK, this item was stricken
out.
Mr. VINTON, of Ohio, moved, under the m-
stiuction of the Committee on Patents, an amend-
ment, adding to the salary of the machinist of the
Patent Office ^500, and to the messenger of the same
office, t300
Mr. VINTON represented that the duties of the
machinist weie more important than those of any
officei in the Patent Office. His duties were of a
higher grade than those of a mere copying clerk,
art! he proposed, theiefoie, to put him on a foot-
ing of a twelve hundied dollar clerk Tne ma-
chinist was employed, not only in repairing and
preserving the models, but in explaining their
principles, and in givirg information as to inven-
tions made heie and in loieign countnes. Every
member of Congress had had occasion, at some
time, to visit the Patent Offi e,and the high quali-
fications of Mr Keller, the present machinist, were
well known to the House The present salaiy of
seven hundred dollars was fixfd many years ago,
when the business of the office was very "¡mall
Mr BURGE3 waa sorry to differ from the gen
tleman from Ohio, hut he could not consent, at
this time of geneial embarrassment, to increase
any salanes The best machme-mukers in New
England, at this time, if they can get employment
at all, cannot obtain one dollar a day for then
labor
Mr VINTON said that the embarrassments of
the country had not diminished the expenses of
living in Washington If so, he ha'd himself, in
his own case, not had the good fortune to fi.id it
out.
Mr McKENNAN asked a dtus'on of the mo
tion
Mr. WARD WELL spoke m favor of the amend-
ment, and Mr  WILLIAMS m opposition to it
The question being taken on the motion to in-
crease the salary of the machinist, it was ascei-
tamed that a quorum had not voted, 61 voting in
the affirmative, and 51 in the negative. The ques-
tion being again put, the motion was lost, 58 to 71
The motion to increase the salary of the messen-
ger was also rejected.
The next item was read, appropriating §1,400
as the salary of a clerk,to be employed m arranging
the archives of the department
A letter was read from the Secretary of State,
explaining the object and impoi tance of the appi o-
puation
Mr- J Q, ADAMS moved to strike out the
clause, on the ground, that in an appropriation
bill, no provision should be made for objects not
buthonzed Ly special laws. He also objected to
the clause, that it would be merely an entenn '-
wedge to a new cleikship If the chanman of tile
Committee of Ways and Means would bring in a
bill to provide an additional clerk in the State De-
partment, to be called the Keeper of the Archives,
he would not say that he would not vote for it.
Mr POLK said that it was not the practice of
the early Congresses to introduce in the appropri-
ation bills any new objects, but for the last twenty
years  t had been the constant practice. He allu-
ded to many cases of the kind. A permanent clerk
was not wanted for the object in view.
Afier seme remarks from Mr HALL, of North
Carolina, and Mr EVERDTT, of Massachusetts,
Mr PARKER, of New Hampshire, said, that
the proposition was to eirploy a peison to do what
the regulai clerics of the office had neglected to do,
to have an industrious man to do what the cleiks
were too lazy to do. He would suggest to the
Secretary of State the propnety of requesting the
present clerks to go to the office at early hours,
and do the business themselves. He had always
found thai the more laborers you employ, the less
woik you have done
Mr. WILLIAMS opposed the amendment, and
said that, with due diligence, the present cleiks
would do the duty, and save the expense.
Mr. R. M. JOHNSON spoke in favor of the
appropriation. "W hen we ask an uncommon dili-
gence from others, said he, we should set the
example ouiselves. What had we done ' Wehad
taken our own compensation, and provided for no
one else. After sitting four months, we had dis-
posed, in part, of one question,and the disposition
of the balance would piobably take four months
more He expressed the hope that the House
would proceed to despatch business, without un-
necessary debate, and be prepared to adjourn at
least at the end of six months from the commence-
ment of the sersion
After some lemarks from Messrs WAYNE,
J a ADAMS, MERCER, CHILTON, POLK,
CAMBRELENG, HARPER, of Pennsylvania,
CROCKETT, EWING, and EVERETT, of
Vennont—
Mr. BROWN said an apprehension had been
cxpiessed, in the course of the discussion, that the
adoption of the item under consideration, m its
present form, might finally lead to the permanent
establishment of anothei clerkship in the Depart-
ment of Slate. He proposed to remove this objec-
tion to the form in which the appropriation was
made in the bill, by efferng an amendment, so
that the 14th, 15 h, and 16 h lines should read as
follows: " For anangmg and preserving the
aichives of the Depaitment of Staie, one thousand
four hundred dolbis.*'
Aftei some icmarks from Messrs McKAY, J.
Q.  ADAMS, SURGES, and POLK,
Mi. GRENNELL moved that the committee
do now rise, as it was evident that the House
would not °eule the question to Any
The motion was agreed to, 78 to 71, and the
committee rose and reported piogress.
Mr VANCE atked the consent of the House
to submit a motion to lay on the tab'e and print an
an endment to the bill, which he p.opobed to offer
at a subsequent stage of its progress An objec-
tion.being made,
Mr. VANCE moved a suspension of the rule;
upon which mouon the yejs and nays v/ere
oidered.
The question being taken, it was deteimined in
the negative—yeas 105, nays 67, (not two thirds,)
and,
On motion of Mr ANTHONY,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, Ami 9, 1834
A message was received from the Piesident of
the United States, by Mr. Donelso j, his Priva'e
Secretary, upon executive business, and also a
message from the President, transmitting a cora-
mumca'ton fiom the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, responsive to an inquiry by resolution
of the Senate of the 29 h of March, íelaüve to a
treaty with the Choctaw Indians at Dancing
Rabbit.
On motion of Mr. POINDEXTER, the message
and documents were ordered to be punted, and
referí ed to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr PRESTON called up h.s resolution relative
to the Treasury agent employed to examine into
subjects connected with the íemoval of the depos-
ites from the Bank of the United States; which,
after being modified by the mover, was adopted.
Mr. TOMLÍNSON, from the Committee on
Pensions, reported abi'l, without amendment, from
the House of Representatives, for the relief of
David Pace.
Mr. MOORE, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill forthe relief
of William Smith, administrator of John Taylor,
deceased, which ¿tas read, and leferred to the
Committee on Public Lands
THE FORCE ACT.
Mr. CALHOUN moved to take up for consid-
eration his bill to repeal the act of last session,
commonly called the force act, which was agreed
to
Mr. CALHOUN then took the floor and spoke
at length in support of the bill, contending that,
although the act would soon expire by its own
limitation, yet that it contained principles when
were entirely unconstitutional—principles which
tended to consolidation, and ultimate despotism,
and which it was disgiaceful should remain on
the statute book    When Mr C concluded,
Mr. CLAY and Mr FORSYTH followed, m
opposition to the repealing bill; and concluded
by moving us reference to the Judiciary Com-
mittee
Mr PRESTON and Mr. POINDEXTER re-
joined in support of the bill, when the motion to
refer was agieed to.
Mr MANGUM then moved an adjournment.
Which motion prevailing,
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, Jipnl 9, 1834.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mi. McKENNAN, was taken up and agreed
to:
¡   Resolved, That the Secretary of War be instructed
to furnieh the House with a detailed estimate for
the repairs of the Cumoerland road, east of the
j Ohio river.
¡     Mr.  HEATH moved the suspension of the
rules to enable him to offer a resolution in rela-
I tion to  the laws regulating tlie custom-houses.
Negatived.
The House resumed the consideration of the
íesolution relative to the deposites, submitted by
Mr  Makdis
Mr. CORWIN resumed his remarksandsnoke,
' without concluding,  till  the  expiration of the
1 hour.
On motion of Mr. POLK, the House proceeded
to the
ORDERS OP THE DAY.
Several bills from the Senate were twice read
and referred.
On motion of Mr POLK, the House went, by
unanimous consent, mto Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr Hdbbird in the
chair,) upon the bill making appropriation for the
civil and diplomatic expenses of the Government
for the year 1834
The question being on the motion of Mr.
BROWN, of New York-
Mr DICKSON spoke against the appropria-
tion Tnough small m itself, yet it was moment-
ous m its consequences. The bill purported to be
an appropriation bill,but, m fact, wenton to create
a number of new offices Some of these offices he
probably would be in favor of, if they were brought
forward in a separate bill, fie adverted to the
clause in the bill providing for additional clerk-
ships in the Pension Office, and contended that
they were unnecessaiy Thirty thousand appli-
cations had been decided upon by the Commis-
sionei dunng the last two years, and therefore (he
said) it must be supposed that the present number
of cleiks was sufficient to attend to three thousand
applications, which, according to his calculation,
were all which remained to be made. The amend-
ment of his colleague did not do away with the
objections urged against the entire clause, and in
fact rendered it more objectionable, as it placed
money at the disposal of the Secretary of State
without any particular restriction as to the manner
of its appropriation.
Mr. JARVIS said it appeared to him that we
had better confine this discussion to the matter
immediately before us, which is. the employment
of an additional clerk in the Department of State,
for a limited penod, and for a specific object. The
provisions respecting oiher depaitments were not
now under consideration. The Secretary of State
has applied to this House, through the proper
committee, for a clerk to take charge of the archives
of the office, and put them in order. And he tells
you that it is necessary that they should be put m
order. Not relying exclusively upon this state-
ment, he had himself visited the department this
morning, and satisfied himself that what was
