1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
801
Mr. KANE, from the Committee on Private I
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the |
heirs of William G. Chustopher, and a bill for the
relief of Antome Cruzat.
Mr MANGUM presented a memorial, signed
by 103 inhabitants ofTyrrel county, North Caro-
lina, praying a restoration of the public deposites
to the Bank of the United States; which was read,
referred to the Committee on Finance, and ordered
to be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a commu-
nication from the Secretary of War, transmitting
a report of the Commissioner on Indian Affairs, '
relative to the Choctaw treaty of the 3d of March 1
last; which, on motion of Mr. GRUNDY, was
ordered to be punte'1.                                                   i
Mr. SHEPLEY presented a memorial, signed ¡
by 634 inhabitants of the towns of Gardiner and
Pittston, in Maine, praying the interposition of
Congress in regulating the currency of the coun-
try, and also the passage of a law creating a Bank
of the United States. The memorial was read,
referred to the Committee on Finance, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. CLAYTON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill for the relief of Tench
Ringgold, formerly Marshal of the District of ,
Columbia.                                                                      I
The resolution offered by Mr. LINN was taken |
up, modified on motion of Mr. POINDEXI'ER,
and adopted.
The report of the select committee, to whom
was referred the contested election of the Hon.
Asher Robbins, one of the Senators from Rhode
Island, being called up, it was, on motion of Mr.
P01NDEX.TER, laid upon the table, and made
the order of the day for Thursday next.
The report of the Committee of Claims, unfa-
vorable to the petition of Joseph Clark, was read
and concurred in.
The bill for the better organization of the Treas-
ury Department, was, on motion of Mr. TYLER,
laid upon the table.
The bill for the relief of John McCarty, of Mad-
ison county, Alabama, was taken up; when Mr.
NAUDAIN requested that the repoitof the com-
mittee might be i ead, and then moved an indefinite
postponement of the bill. Upon this question, the
yeas and nays were ordered, and are as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Clay, Clayton, King of Geor-
gia, Knight, Leigh, Naudam, Smith, Southard,
Sprague, Swift, Tomlmson—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Black, Eiown, Ewmg, Fre-
linghuysen,Grundy,Hendncks, Hill, Kane, Kent,
King of Alabama, Linn, McKean, Mangum, '
Moore, Morris, Poindexter, Porter, Prentiss,
Preston, Robbins, Robinson, Shepley, Slisbee,
Tallmadge, White, Wilkms, Wright—27.
So the motion for indefinite postponement was
lost, and the bill ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time.
SPECIAL ORDER.
The Senate then took up, for consideration, Mr.
CLAYTON'S resolution, adding an  additional !
rule to the rules of the Senate, relative to the pre-
sentation of petitions and repoits
Mr. CLAY'S modification was adopted; when
Mr POINDEXTER moved a further amend-
ment, that every petition and memorial, when
presented, shall be referred, of course, without
putting the question for that purpose, unless the
proposed reference be objected to.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, then moved to lay the
resolution on the table, which was not agieed to.
The question recurring on the amendment, it I
was agreed to, and the resolution, as amended,
was then adopted.
The bill authorizing a change in the location of
the 16th section of ihe public lands in the several
States and Terntones, for the benefit of schools,
was read a second time, and ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time:
A bill for the relief of John L. Lobdell.
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of James Morrison, deceased.
A bill for the relief of Mrs. Eliza, widow of
Captain Paschal Hickman, decea&ed.
A bill for the relief of Whitford Gill.
The bill for the relief of William Walker and
the heirs of Samuel Brown, deceased, was, on
motion of Mr  KANE, hid upon the table
On motion of Mi  EWING,
The Senate adjourned.                                       .
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, Apiti 10, 1834.
Mr. ASHLEY reported a bill for the relief of
Peter Elba and his assignees
Mr CHANEY, for the relief of Joseph Meade.
Mr. CONNOR, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to which was refeired the
, bill fiom the Senate entitled " An act authorizing
! the Governors of the several States to transmit by
| mail certain books and documents," reported the
same without amendment, which bills were read
twice and committed.
|     On motion of Mr. CHANEY,
l     Resolved, That tne Committee on Roads and
I Canals be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of granting to the State ot Ohio a quantity of the
unsettled lands in the counties of Fairfield, Hock-
ing, Athens, and Washington, for the puipose of
aiding the State in the construction of the Hock-
i ing valley railroad, from Lancaster to the Ohio
river.
On motion of Mr. OSGOOD,
Resohed,That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post route from Ips-
wich, through Rowley, New Rowley, and West
Bradford, to Haverhill
On motion of Mr. SPANGLER,
Resolved, That the Committee on the PostOffice
and Post Roads, to which has been referíed a pe-
tition praying for the establishment of a mail route
from Cambridge, in Guernsey county, Ohio,
through Liberty, in said county, to Plamfield, in
Coshocton county, Ohio, be mstiucted to inquire
into the expediercy of extending said proposed
mail route from Plamfield, in said county of Co-
shocton, to Coshocton, in the same county.
On motion of Mr. HEATH,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
changing the piesent custom-house regulations in
relation to mortgages of vessels, so as to require
the collectors oí the several ports to have recoided
in the íespecüve custom-houses such papers re-
lating to vessels as may be deemed necessary to
remedy any defect that now exists, and to guard
purchasers from future impositions, should they
be attempted.
On motion of Mr. BEAUMONT,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instiucted to inquire into the
propne y of establishing a post route from the
boiough of Wilkesbarre, by the way of the State
road to Conyngham, and thence to Tamaqua, in
Pennsylvania.
On motion of Mi. BURD,
Resohed, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of establishing a national armory in the countiesof
Bedford, Cambria, Huntington, Centre, or Mifflin,
in Pennsylvania, as to said committee appear best.
On motion of Mr. WATMOUGH,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
directed to inquire into the expediency of making
an appropuation for the erection of a public hos-
pital at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
On motion of Mr. J J. ALLEN,
Resolved, That the Committee on the PostOffice
and Post Roads be msti ucted to mqun e into the ex-
pediency of establishing a post road from Wright's
Mills, in Jackson county, Virginia, by the way of
Muse's Bottom, and uo the Ohio river, to Bell-
ville, in Wood county, Virginia.
Resohed, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be mstiucted to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post road from Here-
ford's Ferry, in Mason county, Virginia, to Jack-
son Court-House, in the State of Ohio, passing
through Sim's Creek settlement.
Resolved,That the Committee on the PostOffice
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post road from Ever-
ton, in the county of Lewis, by the way of the
mouth of Leading Cieek and Steward's Creek, to
Charlestown, in the county of Kenawha,Virginia,
Resolved, That the Committee on thePost OfBce
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post road from Hut-
tonsville, in Randolph county, Virginia, by the
way of Clover Lick, to Huntersville, in Pocahon-
tas county, Virginia.
On motion of Mr-. WILSON,
Resohed, That the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of extending, for a further term of five years, the
half pay pension heretofore granted by the act of
| the 16 h April, 1816, to the widows of persons
I lulled, or who died in the land service of the Uni-
ted States duung the late war.
On motion of Mr. WILDE,
Resohed, That the Clerk of this House do cause
to be arranged and digested the returns of the
different State banks for the last y ear, so far as the
same may be attainable; and that they, together
with the abstracts and estimates herewith sub-
mitted, after the additions and calculations thereof
are verified, under the direction of the said Clerk,
shall be printed for the use of Congress.
On motion of Mr. BYNUM,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making
the Port of Williamston, North Carolina, a port
of entry; and to provide for the appointment of an
inspector thereof.
On motion of Mr. OSGOOD,
Resolved, That the same committee be instructed
to inquire mto the expediency of extending a pier
from Badger's Rocks to Salisbury Head, near the
mouth of the Merrimack river.
On motion of Mr. GRENNELL,
Resohed, That the resolutions of the Legislature
of Massachusetts, in 1831, in favor of the passage
of a law by Congress foi the more perfect organi-
sation of the militia of the several States, be re-
feued to the Committee on the Militia, and that
the said committee be directed to inquire into the
expediency of exempting fiom the performance of
militia service, as soldiers, in time of peace, all
persons under twenty-one, and over thirty-five
years of age.
Mr. WARDWELL submitted the following,
which lies ovei one day for consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requester!
to report to this House the persons employed in
directing and superintending the construction of
the Delaware breakwater, the compensation al-
lowed, the services actually performed by each,
fiom the commencement of the work until the
present time.
Mr. LANE offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
aiding in the construction of a railroad from Law-
renceburgh, on the Ohio river, to Indianapolis, in
the State of Indiana, by appropriating one or more
sections of the unappiopnated refuse land, situate
in the counties through which said road will pass,
and adjacent to said load; for each mile thereof;
provided the same shall have been offered for sale
and subject to entry for the period of fifteen years
or more
On motion of Mr. MERCER,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
prohibiting by law the sale of lottery tickets m
the District of Columbia
i     On motion of Mr SPEIGHT,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
j and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
i expediency of establishing a post route from New-
bern to the house of James Riggs, on Big River,
in the county of Rowan.
On motion of Mr. BARRINGER,
Resolved, That the same committee inquire into
the expediency of establishing a post route from
Hillsborough, by Mount Willing, Rock Creek,
Long'sMill,to Asheborough, in Randolph county,
Noith Caiolina.
i     On motion of Mr. CONNOR,
I     Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency
! of authorizing, agreeably to a resolution of the
Congress of 1781, the appropriation of #500 for
1 the erection of a monument to the memory of
1 Brigadier General Davidson, of North Carolina.
I    On motion of Mr. DEBERRY,
'    Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
