304                                  THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE._______________^Apriljil.
though he was parliceps criminis, we had done great
injury to this Government. It had caused the
transfer of that officer to the Cabinet.
Mr. HIESTER moved to fix the salary at
$4,000; which Mr. VANCE accepted as an amend-
ment.
The question was then taken on the clause as
modified, and negatived.   Yeas 68, nays 89.
The clause relative to the Assistant Postmaster
General was rejected without a count.
The clause relative to the Comptroller was
rejected, 58 to 77.    -
The clause relative to the Auditors was rejected
without a count.
The clause relative to the Solicitor of the Treas-
ury was rejected by a vote of G7 to 78.
The clause relative to the Register of the Treas-
ury was rejected by a vote of 53 to 7fi.
The clause relative to the Treasurer was rejected
without a count.
The clause relative to the Commissioner on
Indian Affairs being under consideration —
Mr. WILLIAMS asked what was the salary
of this officer, and what were his duties?
Mr. VANCE stated that the saliry of the officer
was 3,000 dollars, and that the duties were for-
merly performed by a clerk, Mr. McKenny, for a
salary of 1,600 dollars.
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, said he should vote
for this amendment for some reasons which he
gave.
Mr. POLK remarked, that it was evident that
an appropriation bill would necessarily be much
embarrassed if we undertook to reduce and. fix
all the salaries. The proper way, according to the
doctrines we heard yesterday, would be to refer
the subject to a committee for examination and a
report. He had voted against every clause, and
should continue so to vote.
Mr. FOOT said a few words in defence of his
doctrines on this subject, which he had maintained
ever since he came to this House, when he was a
member of the Radical Committee.
Mr. DENNY.said that the gentleman from
Tennessee was voting against the doctrines which
he advocated yesterday.
Mr. CHILTON remarked that the subject, if
referred at all to a committee, according to the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from Tennessee, would
necessarily go to the Committee of Ways and
Means. There was no way to get a vote on the
question, but the way which had been taken.
Mr. VANCE said he had not been here for
thirteen years without knowing how this matter
was going. There was a solid phalanx which
would vote down every proposition in order to
keep the yeas and nays out of the House. Now,
if the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means would agree that he should have a vote on
each of those items, in the House, by yeas and
nays, he and his friends would not say another
word on the subject. He saw how it would be.
Gentlemen would meet the subject before the peo-
ple by saying that the subject could not be intro-
duced into an appropriation bill, at the same time
acknowledging that the salaries ought to be re-
duced. Mr. V. said he was in-Congress in the
famoustimes of retrenchments,when the gentleman
from New York near him,'[Mr. Cambueleng,]
and his associates, denounced the existing Ad-
ministration for profligacy of expenditure. He
went on to compare the expenditures of the last
Administration with the present. He maintained
also that the most salutary retrenchments which
were ever made in this country, were made by
amendments to the appropriation bills.
Mr. BE ARDSLEY did not doubt the patriotism
of the motives of the mover, but he regretted that
he had taken an appropriation bill for offering his
motion. There were many of the proposed reduc-
tions which he approved of; but he would not
vote them as amendments to the appropriation bill.
In the outset he had almost determined to vote for
one item, the reduction of our own pay, which
seemed to be hardly palatable to the mover him-
self. But he had determined not to vote for that
as an amendment to this bill. He hoped that the
House would proceed to vote on the several clauses
of the amendment, without discussion.
Mr. MASON, of Virginia, made some explana-
tions of his former remarks. He was in favor of
all proper reductions, but he thought it improper
to  embarrass an appropriation bill with the sub-
ject.
Mr. WATMOCGH wished (he said) to estab,
lifh a stong and vivid sympathy between office-
holders and the people, and he should therefore
vote for every one of the proposed reductions. An
appropriation bill was, he contended, the most
proper opportunity for the people to take to make
a stand in favorofthe liberties which they had left.
It was the only way in which a restoration of the
Constitution would be effected. Mr. W. alluded
to the principles on which the present Administra-
tion came into power, and to the piomises of re-
trenchment, and called upon gentlemen to redeem
their pledges. The people he represented would
support him in refusing a single dollar of appro-
priation until the Administration retraced its
steps.
Mr. LANE spoke at considerable length against
the amendment proposed.
Mr. POLK rose, not to enter into the question,
but to call the attention of the House to the fact,
that the appropriation for the salary of the Super-
intendent of Indian Affairs was not provided for in
the present bill. This showed the impropriety of
attempting to fix a sweeping scale of reduction as
an amendment to an appropriation bill We had
now been here two days engaged on this bill, a
circumstance which was unprecedented since his
recollection. We had, as yet, got only to the ¡
fourth clause of the bill, and at this rate we should ,
be occupied with it two months.
Mr. BATES said he would agree to waive all ¡|
discussion if the gentleman would consent to suffer ¡I
the yeas and nays to be taken upon the amendment !i
in the House. He spoke at some length in sup- '
port of the amendment. He was not in favor of ii
reducing salaries, but he thought that two dollars ¡
were now worth as muchas three dollars were last
year.
Mr. CHILTON spoke in reply to the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Lane.]
Mr. LANE explained and rejoined.
Mr. BATES made a few observations; when
Mr. FILLMORE moved that the committee do
now rise.
Mr. POLK hoped the committee would not rise
until the vote was taken on the clause under con-
sideration.
The motion to rise was rejected—77 to 84.
The question was then taken on the clause rela-
tive to the salary of the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, and determined in the negative—ayes 58,
noes not counted.
Mr. MERCER moved that the committee do
now rise.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 91, noes 73.
The committee rose, and reported progress
The House then adjourned, at a quarter past
four o'clock.
IN SENATE.
Friday, JlpiilU, 1834.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the follow-
ing communication  from  the Secretary of the
Treasury; which was ordered to be printed:
Treasury Department,
April lli/i, 1834.
Sir: In obedience to the resolution of the Sen-
ate of the 9th instant, directing the Secretary of j
the Treasury " to communicate to the Senate the '
' name of any agent or agents employed by him
' to transact the business of the treasury with the
'banks selected for the deposite of the public funds;
' the nature of the duties performed by said agent
' or agents; the amount of the compensation paid
' for the discharge ofthe said duties, and by whom,
'and from what fund the said compensation is
' paid; and in pursuance of what law the said ¡
' agent or agents have been appointed," I have the |
honor to state, that, for many years past, it has
been the duty of one of the clerks of this depart-
mant to attend to the business of the treasury with
banks. The clerkship to which that duty is as-
signed has been filled for upwards of four years
by Samuel M. McKean. He is appointed under
the act of Congress of 20th April, 1818, and the
salary to which he is entitled under that act is
$1,600 a year; and since the deposites have been
removed, as well as before, he has continued to
attend to the business of the department with
banks, without any additional compensation for
such services.
If this clerk in the department is not to be con-
sidered as embraced in thecall madeby the Senate,
no agent has been employed by meto transact the
business of the Treasury with the banks selected
for the deposite ofthe public funds.
I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully,
your obedient servant,           R. B. TANEY,
I                                          Secretary if the Treasury.
I  Hon. Martin Van Bcren,
I           Vice President of the United States and
¡                                                  President ofthe Senate.
|                                   PETITIONS.
i      The VICE PRESIDENT then declared (under
j  the rule adopted yesterday) that petitions were in
order.
Mr. TYLER presented the petition of Lieuten-
ant Washington Seawell, of the Engineer Corps;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. TOML1NSON presented a petition, signed
by inhabitants of the States of Connecticut, New
York, and Massachusetts, interested in the com-
merce of Long Island Sound, praying an appro-
priation for the improvement of Black Rock har-
bor.   Referred to the Committee oil ¡Commerce.
Mr. McKEAN presented a memorial, signed,
and the proceedings of a meeiing held by citizens
of Blockley, Philadelphia county, sustaining the
Executive in removing the deposites from the
Bank ofthe United States, praying that they may
not be restored, and that the corporation may not
be rechartered; which was read, referred to the
Committee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRENTISS presented a memorial signed
by 1,619 citizens of Rutland county, Vermont,
praying a restoration of the deposites to the Bank
ofthe United States, and a recharter of that insti-
tution; which was read, and the usual order of
reference and printing made.
Mr. EW1NG presented a memorial signed by
upwards of 2,000 inhabitants of Franklin county,
Ohio, and a memorial signed by 4,310 inhabitants
ofthe city of Cincinnati and county of Hamilton,
in the same State, praying a restoration of the
deposites to the Bank of the United States, and a
recharter of said bank; which were read, referred
to the Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. POINDEXTER, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported, without amendment, the
following bills from the House of Representatives:
A bill for the relief of Nicholas D. Coleman;
A bill for the relief of William Haalett;
A bill for the relief of James Kitchens;
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Crocker
Sampson;
A bill for therelief of William Enos;
A bill for the*relief of William Hazard;
A bill for the relief of William O'Neal.
Mr. BIBB, from the Committee on Naval Affairs,
reported a bill from the House of Representatives,
for  the  relief   of  Andrew Armstrong, without
amendment.
Mr. NAUDAIN.from the Committee on Claims,
made an unfavorable report upon the petition of
Archibald W. Hamilton; which was laid upon the
table and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the same committee, made
a similar report upon the petition of Samuel Lewis,
jr., upon which a similar order was made.
Mr. CLAY submitted the following:
Ordered, That the Secretary of the Senate be
directed to cause to be ascertained and reported to
the Senate the aggregate numbers of all who
have, or shall have, on the day of his report, pre-
sented petitions, memorials, or other proceedings,
to the Senate, for or against the Executive meas-
ure ofthe removal ofthe deposites, distinguishing
the number appertaining to each petition, memo-
rial, or other proceeding.
Modified as follows,at Mr. Poindexter's sug-
gestion: "And specifying the city,town, county,
and State from which the memorial or petition
was received."
Mr. CLAY said he was desirous that this ser-
vice should be performed, because it was of im-
portance to have collected in one view the number
of our fellow-citizens, pro and con., who have come
here soliciting relief.
