808
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
adapted to the giowth of the vine, and asking a
small appropriation of these lands in Older to test
the experiment
The memorial was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLAYTON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to compromise and settle the
accounts of the United States with the Alleghany
Bank of Bedford, Pennsylvania.
Mr TOMLINSON, from the Committee on
Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of George
Lynch and others.
Mr. SILSBEE, from the Committee on Com-
merce, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of James H. McCul-
loch and others; which was agreed to.
Mr MOORE, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported a bill fiom the House of
Representatives for the relief of Maigaret RiSar,
without amendment.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of John
Hunter
Mr. EWING submitted the following resolu-
tion-
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report to the Senate whetherany of the
banks which have recently failed in the District of
Columbia had in deposite, or otherwise in their
Eossession,any of the public money, and, if any,
ow much, at the time of their failure.
ORDERS OF T E DAY.
The resolution offered by Mr Poindexter to
print one thousand copies of the old Journals of
Congress was laid upon the table.
The report of the Committee on the Judiciary
relative to the President's message with regard to
the pension agency, was laid upon the table, and
made the special order of the day for Monday
next.
The report of the Comwutteeon ContmgentEx-
penses on the subject of Mr Manghm's resolution
repealing the order authorizing the purchase of
documents printed by order of the House of Rep-
resentatives, was agreed to.
The report of the Committee on Indian Affairs
■was, on motion of Mr. WHITE, laid upon the
table.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were read, and appropriately referred:
A bill for the relief of Francis B  Ogden;
A bill for the relief of a part of the crew of the
bug Sarah George;
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of William Rogers, deceased
The following bills were read a third time, and
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of James Morrison, deceased;
A bill tor the relief of John L. Lobdell;
A bill for the relief of Whitford Gill—yeas 16,
nays 14
A bill for the relief of John McCartney?
A bill for the relief of the administratrix of Cap-
tain Paschal Hickman.
The bill authorizing a change in the location of
the 16th section of public lands granted for the use
of schools was laid upon the table, on motion of
Mr   CLAY, by the following vote.
YEAS—Messrs Calhoun, Clay,Clayton, Sw-
ing, Frelmghuysen, Kent, King of Ga , Knight,
Leigh, Mangum, Naudam, Prentiss, Robbins,
Stlsbee, Smith, Southard, Sprague, Swift, Tom-
hnson, and Wilkins—20
NAYS—Messrs Benton,flfack,Grundy,Hen-
dricks, Hill, Kane, King of Alabama, Linn,
Moore, Morris, Porter, Robinson, Shepley, Tall-
made, Tipton, and White—16
The following bills were ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time.
A bill granting compensation to Challes Burk-
ham, Thomas Moore, and others, for services
rendered during the late war as spies.
A bill for the relief of John Clark and others.
A bill for the relief of Henry Oakes
A bill for the relief of the heirs and legal repre-
sentatives of John Rose, deceased.
A bill for the relief of John Sbackford.
A bill making an appropriation for the construc-
tion of a road fiom a point opposite Memphis,
Tennessee, to Little Rock, m Aikansas Terri-
tory.
A bill for the relief of John Maguire.
A bill for the relief of Thomas Ap Catesby
Jones.
A bill for the relief of John Webber.
The following bills were laid upon the table:
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Magiuder, of
Mississippi, and
A bill for the relief of Abraham Forbes.
On motion of Mr. BLACK, the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, Aprü 14, 1834.
Mr  BEAN, of New Hampshire, presented a
¡ memorial from Dover, New Hampshire, on the
, subject of the currency and the stagnation of busi-
ness.
Read, laid on  the  table, and  ordered   to   be
I printed
i Mr EVERETT, of Massachusetts, presented
a memorial from 1,205 citizens of Salem, praying
! the interposition of Congress for the restoiation of
a sound currency. Also, a memorial of the same
character from the town of New Bedford.
Which were laid on the table and ordered to be
printed.
Mi. BATES, of Massachusetts, presented a
memorial from sundiy citizens of the town of
Springfield, Massachusetts, praying the restora-
tion of the deposites. Laid on the table and or-
dered to be printed.
Petitions were presented by Messrs. REED
and J a ADAMS.
Mr. OSGOOD presented the report and resolu-
tions of a large meeting of citizens of the town of
Lowell, in Massachusetts, on the subject of a
national currency. Laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. OSGOOD presented a report and some res-
olutions adopted at a meeting of the citizens of
Lowell opposed to a recharter of the United States
Bank, called without distinction of party. This
report (said Mr O ) was adopted by the citizens
of a town which is known by reputation at least
to every member of this House. No man who is
at all acquainted with the present condition of the
northern portion of this Confederacy, as it regards
the business and pursuits of its inhabitants, can be
ignorant of the extraordinary growth, the rapid
increase, and the unexampled prosperity of the
great manufacturing town of Lowell. It is now
scarcely more than eleven years since the first
blow was struck in laying the foundation of those
works which, in that short period, have raised up
this town to be the manufacturing capital, not of
Massachusetts only, but of all New England
During that buef interval of time, it has been
changed from being the site of a few scattered ten-
ements, into a wealthy, thriving, and populous
city, embellished with all the arts, and abounding
in all the comforts of life. It now contains more
than twelve thousand inhabitants Its population
is of a kind to be deeply interested in the great
question which now agitates the country. The
importance of a well regulated currency cannot
fail to be perceived by those whose daily subsist-
ence depends upon an adequate supply of a sound
circulating medium, and the profits of whose cap-
ital must be sensibly and immediately affected by
the same cause It seems to me, then, that this
report is deserving of the deliberate consideration
of this House. Without pledging myself to the
adoption of all its views, I think I may safely say
that it contains many sentiments which will be
regarded with universal approbation, and some of
the most important of them I will briefly notice.
It begins, sir, with the plain and undeniable
proposition that the value of property and the
prosperity of the community are intimately con-
nected with the condition of the circulating me
dium; and that whatever affects the circulating
medium must, to a certain extent, affect every
article of commerce and every species of pi operty
From hence it deduces the high obligation of
Government to regulate the currency by law, to
put it beyond the power of irresponsible corpora-
tions to expand and contiact it at pleasure, dis-
turbing all the elements of commeicial intercourse,
sendirg rum and distress thioughthe community,
and making men rich or poor as they choose. It
then goes on to say that it is of the highest im-
portance to the community to place the currency
upon a firm and solid basis; that it should be suffi-
cient at all times to supply the wants of a healthy
business, but that it should not beso abundant as
to tempt to overbading, and to bring about, by
natural and inevitable consequence, a scarcity of
money,and those unfortunate reactions m business
which so o'ten afflict the country It further
states, sir, that gold and silver form the true basis
of a currency, and that every departure from that
basis tends to render the circulating medium un-
safe. But it adds, what almost every one will be
willing to allow, that it is impossible, under pres-
ent circumstances, to adoptwholly, orevenchiefly,
a metallic currency, and that the only measure
now to be adopted, is one that will restrain the
substitute for a metallic currency within proper
bounds—that shall lead to a gradual increase of
the metallic basis to such an extent as will place
the currency of the country upon a safe footing.
The report considers the establ shment of a
national bank upon proper principles, and cau-
tiously guarded, as a measure highly beneficial to
the country, in its present situation; and goes on to
describe what it considers to be the proper busi-
ness of such an institution. Its objects are stated
to be of a two-fold nature—first, the collection and
distribution of the public revenue, and, secondly,
the facilitating exchange between different parts of
the country The State institutions are not con-
sideied adequate to the accomplishment of these
objects, but they are considered in this report to
be sufficient for all thepurposesofalocal currency.
It is the opinion of thosewho adopted this repoit,
that Congress ought not to invest the bank with
greater powers than are absolutely necessary to
carry into effect the objects for which it is to be
cieated; that especial care should be taken that it
be so guarded as not to interfere with the politics
of the country, and that, in order to secure this
great end, its charter should be limited to a term
of fifteen years, and its capital should be less than
half that of ihe present bank, which they think
would be sufficient to meet the wants of the coun-
try in relation to those objects for which it is to be
instituted
They think the bank ought to be located in the
city of Washington, with power to establish offices
of deposite and exchange in such places as the
business of the country and the convenience of the
Government may require, that no bonus be paid,
and no interest allowed by the bank upon the pub-
lic deposites, but that all the profits above six per
cent per annum upon the capital stock, shall be
paid into the National Treasury; that the Govern-
ment shall have the right to subscribe for one fifth
of the capital, and the President, with the consent
of the Senate, shall appoint one fifth of the number
of the direetois.
These, sir, (said Mr O ,) are some of the prin-
cipal views taken in this report, acd he now moved
that it be laid upon the table, and printed, with a
view hereafter, if there should be a commi'tee ap-
pointed to consider the expediency of establishing
a national bank, of calling it up, and moving its
leference to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EVANS presented a memorial from the
town of Gardiner, Maine, praying the restoration
of the deposites Read, ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means
Mr BURGES presented a memorial from the
citizens of the town of Providence, protesting
against the removal of the deposites. Laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode Island, presented a
memorial signed by sixteen hundred and sixty
inhabitants of the city of Providence and its vicin-
ity, approving of the course of the Administration
¡a regard to the United States Bank and the
removal of the deposites. He said that he had
received the memorial since he came to the House
this morning, and that it was stated in a letter
from a highly íespectable gentleman, which he
received with the memorial, that all the signers are
