1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
319
to the present Senate, he must be permitted to be-
lieve that many such Senators might bedrawn from
the ranks*of the people, and still leave no dearth
of intelligence behind. To such a community,
in an appeal on a great question of constitutional
law, to the understandings of such a people,
declamation, passion, epithets, opprobrious lan-
guage would stand for nothing. They would
float, «armless and unheeded, through the empty
air, and strike in vain upon the ear of a sober and
dispassionate tribunal. Indignation, real or affect-
ed; wrath, however hot; fury, however enraged;
asseveratiors, however violent; denunciations,
however furious,—will avail nothing. Facts—
inexorable facts-^are all that will be attended to;
reason, calm and self-possessed, is all that will be
listened to. An intelligent tribunal will exact the
respect of an address to their understandings; and
he that wishes to be heard on this great question,
or being heard, v/ould wish to be heeded, will have
occasion to be clear and correct in his facts; close
and perspicuous in his application of law; fair and
candid m his conclusions and inferences; tem-
perate and decorous in his language; and scru-
pulously free from every taint of vengeance and
malice. Solemnly impressed with the truth of
all these convictions, it was the intention of him-
self (Mr. B.)—whatever the example or the prov-
ocation might be—never to forget his place, his
subject, his audience, and his object!—never
to forget that he was speaking in the American
Senate, on a question of violated Constitution and
outraged individual right, to an audience com-
prehending the whole body of the American people,
and for the purpose of obtainingarighteousdecis-
ion from the calm and sober judgment of a high-
minded, intelligent, and patriotic community.
The question immediately before the Senate was
one of minor consequence; it might be called a
question of small import, except for the effect
which the decision might have upon the Senate
itself. In that point of view it might beaquestion
of some moment; for, without reference to individ-
uals, it was essential to the cause of free Govern-
ments, that every department of the Government,
the Senate inclusive, should so act as to preserve
to itself the respect and the coVifidence of the coun-
try. The immediate question was upon the rejec-
tion of the President's message. It was moved to
reject it—to reject it, not after it was considered,
but before it was considered ! and thus to tell the
American people that their President shall not be
heard—should not be allowed to plead his defence
—in the presence of the body that condemned
him, neither before the condemnation, nor after it!
This is the motion, and certainly no enemy to the
Senate could wish it to miscarry. The President,
in the conclusion of his message, has respectfully
requested that his defence might be entered upon
the Journal of the Senate—upon that same Journal
which contains the record of his conviction. This
is the request of the President. Will the Senate
deny it? Will they refuse this act of sheer justice
and common decency? Will they go further, and
not only to refuse to place it on the journal, but
refuseeven to suffent to remain in theSenate! Will
they refuse to permit it to remain on file, but send
it bao',:, or throw it out of doors, without conde-
scending to reply to it? for that is the exact import
of the motion now made! Will Senators exhaust
their" minds, and their bodies also, in loading this
very communication with epithets, and then say
that it shall not be received? Will they receive
memorials, resolutions, essays, from all that choose
to abuse the President, and not receive a word of
defence from him > Will they continue the spec-
tacle which has been presented here for three
mrmths—a daily presentation of attacks upon the
President from all that choose to attack him, young
and old, boys and men—attacks echoing the very
sound of this resolution, and which are not only
received and filed here, but printed also, and refer-
red to a committee, and introduced, each one, with
a lauded commentary of set phrase? Are the Sen-
ate to receive all these, and yet refuse to receive
from the object of all this attack one word of an-
swer? In this point of view—as a question con-
cerning the Senate itself—it may become material
to the Senate, in a country and in an age when no
tribunal is too high for public opinion to reach it,
it may become material to the Senate, in such a
country and such an age, to reject and throw out
of doors the calm and temperate defence of the
President, m the midst of the reception of a thou-
sand memorials and resolutions, condemning him
for the very act which he is notallowed to defend,
is he to be the only citizen who is not to be heard
by the Senate! Him whom it seems to be lawful
for everyone whose education and manners quali-
fy him for the application of Billingsgate rhetoric,
to lavish it upon him. Rejected or not, that com-
munication cannot be secreted from the eyes of the
American people. It has been read, and will be
printed. An independent press will carry it to the
extremities of the country, and hand it down to
succeeding generations. It will be compared with
speeches', delivered for three months in this Capi-
tol,against this President; andan enlightened and
upright community will decide between the lan-
guage of the defence and the language of the accu-
sation; between the temper of the accusers and the
temper of the accused; between the violent Presi-
dent who has violated the Constitution and the
laws, and the m^ek and gentle Senators who have
sat in judgmentupon him for it. The people will
see these things—will compare them together—will
judge for themselves; and that judgment, in this
free and happy land,will be the final and supreme
award, from which there is no appeal.
The great question (Mr. B. said) which was to
go before the American people, and to claim from
them that intense and profound consideration
which the English people gave to the conduct of
the House of Commons in regard to the Middle-
sex election, is the constitutionality of the Senate's
conduct in adopting the resolution which con-
demned the President for a violation of the laws
and of the Constitution of his country. It was the
conduct of the Senate which would now be on
trial; and that conduct deserved to be tried, and,
as far as it depended upon him, should be tried,
UPON THE FACTS OF THE CASE ALONE
—upon thefacts which our own journal contains—
upon the resolutions as offered, and adopted
here—upon the authentic speeches which the sup-
porters of these resolutions have published to the
world; and which show the sense in which they
understood the proceeding which they carried on.
The proceeding he (Mr. B.) held to be an im-
peachment, without the forms of an impeach-
ment—a conviction, without the form of a trial—
a sentence of condemnation for a high crime and
misdemeanor against the Chief Magistrate of the
Republic, without evidence, without hearing,with-
out defence, without the observance of a single
form prescribed for the trial of impeachments; and
this by the very tribunal which is bound to try
the formal impeachment for the same matter, if
duly demanded by the grand inquest of the nation
in their Hall of Representatives. This was the
question which the country %vou!d have to try,
and in the trialof which, furious passion,reckless
denunciation, bold, or even audacious assertion,
will stand for nothing. The record ! the record !
will be the evidence which the country will de-
mand. The facts ! the facts! will be the data which
they require. The speeches! the speeches! de-
livered on this floor will be the test of the spirit
and intention with which these proceedings were
pursued and consummated; and, without animad-
verting upon the manner in which ihe President's
message and protest has been received here, and
which has presented such an extraordinary scene
in the American Senate, he should proceed to lay
before the people the authentic evidence, in the
calmest manner, which it will be their business to
weigh in the formation of their opinions on this
momentous subject. The first evidence which he
should submit was the series of resolutions which
were presented to the Senate before one could be
framed which could unite the votes of the twenty-
six Senators who finally voted together in the
adoption of one of them. He said he should pre-
sent the series of these resolutions; for in the meta-
morphosis which they underwent there was much
for anxious reflection; the first one containing
specifications, which were omitted in the second
and third; while the second and third notoriously
rested upon the specifications omitted, and which
could not be retained on the face of the record !
Mr. B. then read the resolution at first offered
by Mr. Clay at the commencementof the debate.
It was in the following words:
" Resolved, That, by dismissing the late Secre-
' tary of the Treasury, because he would not, con-
' trary to his sense of his own duty, remove the
' money of the United States in deposite with ths
' Bank of the United States and its branches, in
' conformity with the President's opinion; and by
' appointing his successor to effect such removal,
' which has been done, the President has assumed
' the exerciseof a power over the Treasury of the
' United States not granted to him by the Con-
' stitution and laws, and dangerous to the liberties
' of the people."
He then read the resolution as amended, or
altered, by the same gentleman, and offered again
to the Senate towards the close of the debate. It
was as follows:
"Resolved, That in taking upon himself the
«responsibility of removing the deposites of the
' public money from the Bank of the United States,
' the President of the United States has assumed
' the exerciseof a power over the Treasury of the
' United States not granted to him by the Con-
' stitution and laws, and dangerous to the liberties
' of the people."
He then read the third edition, revised, amended,
and altered, of the same resolution, as finally sub-
mitted to the Senate by the original mover, and
adopted by the vote of the Senate:
" Resolved, That the President, in the late ex-
' ecutive proceedings in relation to the public rev-
'enue,has assumed upon himself authority and
'power not conferred by the Constitution and
' laws, but in derogation of both."
Mr. B. then remarked upon the alteration which
these resolutions had undergone/and begged it to
be well remembered that none of these alterations
were amendments made by the Senate, but were the
voluntary and successive changes introduced by
the mover himself. He remarked, first, upon the
nature of these changes; secondly, upon the design
which induced them; and thirdly, upon the effect
of making them. The first change consisted in
dropping the specification on which the general
charge of violating the laws and the Constitution
rested, and retaining the formal impeachment con-
clusion of dangerous to the liberties of the people. ■
The second change consisted in the omission of the
specification, and in the suppression of that regu-
lar impeaching clause—dangerous to ihe liberties of
the people.! Wow, (said Mr. B.,) when were these
alterations made? Certainly it was after the ob-
jection had been fully taken in the Senate that this
resolution contained impeachable matter! It was
after the original resolution had been denounced
as a virtual impeachment of the President of the
United States, and after the suppressed passages
had been pointed out as proving and identifying
the impeachment character of the resolution. It
was after all this that the alterations were made.
Having showed the time when the alterations were
made, Mr. B. next showed the design with which
they must have been made; and that evidently was
to get rid of the criminal aspect of the proceed-
ings, and to avoid a trial before the people on those
specifications, on which, possibly,* the twenty-six
could not unite here, nor go to trial upon any-
where! He remarked, in the third place, upon
the effect produced in the character of the resolu-
tion, and affirmed that it was nothing. He said
that the same charge ran through all three. They
all three imputed to the President a violation of
the Constitution and of the laws of the country—
of that Constitution which he was sworn to sup-
port, and of those laws which he was not only
bound to observe himself, but to cause to be faith-
fully observed by all others. A violation of the
Constitution and of the laws, (Mr. B. said,) were
notabstractionsand metaphysical subtleties. They
must relate to persons or things. The violations
cannot rest in the air; they must affix themselves
to men or to property; they must connect them-
selves with the transactions of real life.. They
cannot be ideal and contemplative. In omitting
the specifications relative to the dismission of one
Secretary of the Treasury, and the appointment
of another, whstother specifications were adopted
i or substituted? Certainly none! What others
were mentally intended ? Surely none! What
others were suggested? Certainly none! The
general charge, then, rests upon the same specifi-
cation; and so completely is this the fact, that no
supporter of the resolutions has thought it neces-
sary to make the least alteration in his speeches
