THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED   AND   PUBLISHED   AT   THE   CITY   OF   WASHINGTON,    BY   BLAIR   &   RIVES.
23d Congress, 1í>t Session.
SATURDAY, APRIL 20, 1834.
and violence, and which it was intended should
never be done here.
Mr. B. called upon the Senate to recollect what
was the feature in the famous court of the STAR
CHAMBER, which rendered that court the most
odious that ever sat in England.    It was not the
mass of its enormities, great as they were; for the
regular tribunals which yet existed exceeded that
court both in the mass and in the atrocity of their
crimes and oppressions.    The regular courts, in
the compass of a single reign—that of James the
Second; a single judge, in a single riding—Jeffries,
on the western circuit—surpassed all the enormi-
ties of the Star Chamber in the whole course of its
existence.    What, then, rendered that court so
intolerably odious to the  English people?   Sir,
(said Mr. B.,) it was because that court had no
grand jury—because it proceeded without present-
ment, without indictment, upon information alone;
and thus got at its victims without the intervention
—without the restraint—of an accusing body. This
is the feature which sunk the Star Chamber in Eng-
land.    It is the feature which no criminal tribunal
in this America is allowed to possess.   The most
inconsiderable offender in any State of the Union
must be charged by a grand jury before he can be
tried by the court.   InthisSenate,sittingasahigh
court of impeachment, a charge must first be pre-
sented by the House of Representatives,sitting as
the grand inquest of the nation.    But if the Senate
can proceed without the intervention of this grand
inquest, wherein is it to differ from the Star Cham-
ber, except in the mere execution of its decrees?
And what other execution is now required for de-
linquent public men than the force of public opin-
ion ?  No ! (said Mr. B.;) we live in an age when
public opinion, over public men, is omnipotent and
irreversible!—when public sentiment annihilates a
public man more effectually than the scaffold! To
this new and omnipotenttribunal all the public men i
of Europe and America are now happily subject.
The fiat of public opinion has superseded the axe
of the execudoner.    Struck by thatopinion, kings
and emperors in Europe, and the highest function-
aries among ourselves, fall powerless from the
political stage, and wander, while their bodies live,
as shadows and phantoms over the land.   Should
he give examples?   It might be invidious; yet all
would recollect an eminent example of a citizen,
once sitting at the head of this Senate, afterwards
falling under a judicial prosecution, from which he
escaped untouched-by the sword of the law, yet i
that eminent citizen was more utterly annihilated j
by public opinion, than any execution of a capita!
sentence could ever have accomplished upon his
name.    What occasion, then, has the Senate, sit-
ting as a court of impeachment, for the power of
execution ? The only effect of a regular impeach-
ment now, is to remove from office, and disqualifi-
cation for office.   An inegular impeachment will
be tantamount to removal and disqualification, if
the justice of the sentence is confided in by the
people.    If this condemnation of tlie President had
been pronounced in the first term of his Adminis-
tration, and the people had believed in the truth
and justice of the  sentence, certainly President
Jackson  would not have been  elected a second
time; and every object that a political rival, or a
political party, could have wished from his removal
from office, and disqualification for office, would
have been accomplished.   Disqualification for of-
fice—loss of public favor—political death—is now
the object of political iivalship; and all this can be
accomplished by an informal, as well as by a for-
mal impeachment, if the sentence is only confided
in by the people.    If the people believed that the
President  has violated the Constitution and the
laws, he ceases to be the object of their respect and
their confidence; he loses their favor; he dies a
politicaf death; and that this might be the ooject
of the resolution, Mr. B. would leave to the deter-
mination of those who should read the speeches
which were delivered in support of the measure,
and which would constitute a public and lasting
monument of the temper in which the resolution
was  presented, and  the object  intended  to  he
accomplished by it.
It was in vain to say there could be no object,
at this time, in annihilating the political influence
of President Jackson, and killing him off as a
publicman, with a senatorial conviction for violat-
ing thelaws and Constitution of the country. Such
an assertion, if ventured upon by any one, would
stand contradicted by facts of which Europe and
America are witnesses. Does he not stand be-
tween the country and the bank? Is he not pro-
claimed the sole obstacle to the recharter of the
bank ? and in its recharter is there not wrapped up
the destinies of a political party, now panting for
power? Remove this sole obstacle—annihilate its
influence, kill o'ff President Jackson with a sen-
tence of condemnation for a high crime and mis-
demeanor, and the charter of the bank will be
renewed, and in its renewal a political party, now
thundering at the gates of the Capitol, wih leap
into power. Here, then, isan OBJECT for desir-
ing the extinction of the political influence of Pres-
ident Jackson! An object large enough to be seen by
all America, and attractive enough to enlist the com-
bined interest of a GREAT MONEYED POW-
ER, and of a GREAT POLITICAL PARTY.
Mr. SOUTHARD thought he felt, notwith-
standing the warning given him by the gentleman
who had just taken his seat, (Mr. Denton,] the
solemnity of the occasion which we were called
upon to act. Though he felt we should act with
calmness and consideration, he feared he would
not be able to school himself into all that degree
of moderation so necessary for the occasion. He
would call the Senate's attention to the position in
which we were at the time we received this mes-
sage from the Executive of the United States; for,
in his opinion, the P.-esidenthad grossly perverted
that position. When we came here we found the
public treasure removed from the institution where
it had been placed bylaw, to places not known to
the law; and removed, too, by the President and
Secretary of the Treasury. It was our duty, then,
to inquire how and why it had been removed. The
Secretary had given us his reasons for the act, and
the President himself had also shown the grounds
on which he acted. Mr. S. asked, therefore, if
we could have avoided making the inquiry, and,
having done so, could we avoid saying whether
those reasons were sufficient? He apprehended
we could not. The order of the President, and
the reasons of the Secretary, were both before the
Senate, and unless we overlooked both, without
affirming or denying the validity of the reasons,
we were bound to act as we had done. One of the
resolutions expressed the insufficiency of the
Secretary's reasons; but had we stopped there, it
might have been said that the Secretary was under
the necessity of obeying the orders of the Presi-
dent, who had the entire control of the public
money. Therefore, he thought the position of the
Senate had been grossly perverted by the Presi-
dent of the United Stales.    The resolution says:
" Resolved,That the President, in the late exec-
1 utive proceedings in relation to th'e public rev-
' enue, has assumed upon himself authority and
* power not conferred by the Constitution and laws,
' but inderogation of both."
He defied human language to furnish terms
more mild expressing the idea that the act of the
President was unconstitutional; that he had not
the authority to do what he had done.    We said
that it was in derogation of the laws of the coun-
try; and if we had said he had no rightful author-
ity, we should have said precisely the same thing.
The position taken by the Executive struck at all
the legislative power'of the Sffiate, and  if the
President was  correct, we stood here as moim-
| menta of the folly of our ancestors who gave us
| no powers other than those which were necessary
i to record the executive proceedings.    This paper
! of the Executive asserted that tlieresolati-ms weie
; not intended to be the foundation of legislative
i action.    Sir, (said Mr.S.,) the Executive haspio-
I nounced what is not true.   It is an impertinent
Vol. 1.....No. 21.
interference with the rights of the Senate. He
(Mr. S.) said he had exhibited a falsehood. Mr.
tí. saidit was intended as the foundation of legis-
lative action. We meant it to be so, and he knew
it to be so. Sir, how could we get at legislative
action ? Must we not first have decided the act to
be wrong? We must first decide and then legis-
late. Betore we undertake to restore the laws, we
must first see that the laws have been violated.
He said on his responsibility as a Senator, and
would not allow it to go out without a contradic-
tion, that it wa3 intended as the foundation of legis-
lative action.
There were many things in this protest, in its
details, as well as in its great features, which cer-
tainly ¿Served comment. But he would not detain
the Senate by noticing them all. But he would
refer to some. The President, after perverting the
act of the Senate, says, that the resolution was an
accusation against his personal character. This
was not so. Where was the attack made which
should authorize him to send us a eulogy on his
own life? The resolution was a mere declaration
that the President had assumed powers upon him-
self not granted by the Constitution. He denied
that that was such an impeachment of his private
character as would justify him in coming to the
Senate to speak of his revolutionary services. He
had never heard his name mentioned in the his-
tory of these times; and if he and his friends were
right, he must have been but a boy of thirteen
years old at the time of the Revolution. He had
heard of wounds he had received, but never at the
head of a battalion or regiment.
The President said the question before the Amer-
ican people had been settled by a vast majority of
that people. When and what question was it that
had been passed on by the people? Was it the
constitutionaluy of a United States Bank? No.
If it had been passed on by the people, he (Mr.
S.) was ignorant of the history of it. To prove
that it had been settled in his election to the Pres-
idency, he must show how many of those who
voted'for him did so on account ofhis hostility to
the bank; how many of them voted for the spoils
of victory; how many of them voted for that reform
which had been given us in an increase of office-
holders and their salai ies; how many of them voted
for him on account of his revolutionary services,
founded on fiction or poetry, but not on fact. Take
away ail these, and bow many were given for the
sole purpose of breaking down the bank? Where
was the solemn decision of the people of the Uni-
ted States that the bank was unconstitutional?
When the President came here to make us the
medium through which to operate on the people,
#e ought to take nothing but facts. Snail we, by
receiving tins paper, place ourselves in an attitude
which will compel us to enter into a contest with
the Executive of the United States' Our tesolu-
tion was a mere declarn'ion of opinion; and being
so, what right had the President to send us a mes-
sage, presuming a different act, and giving us a
plain warning to proceed no further? We have
made a preparatory act; and the moment we have
done so, we have received, not from Charles the
First, or Cromwell, or Napoleon Bonaparte, but
from a man combining the characters of the whole
of them together, a warning to cease our further
proceedings.
The message, in a gross and most impertinent
manner, alluded to the relations subsisting between
himself and his colleague and the State they repre-
sented. But he says he has sdverted to it only
as a mere matter of history. Would he have in-
serted it there had it been a mere matter of history?
Wnen he tells u  so, I do not believe him. It was
an impertinent interference with his rights as a
Senator. He (Mr. S.) had been quoted in certain
journals a-i having pledged hrnself to obey the
will of the Lfffislatuve. It was a gross and base
iV^ehoo'. lie had been quoted by giving one
half the sentence, and leaving out the other half,
which explained the context. If the whole had
been given, it would have proved the very reverse
21
