822
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
of what was charged. He said when he began
that he feared he could not treat the subject with
that moderation which it required and demanded,
and he now hoped some Senator would move an
adjournment, or to lay the motion of the gentleman
from Mississippi on the table, that it might receive
a more calm and deliberate consideration. If we
receive this mandate of the Executive, command-
ing us not to proceed¿ and if we submit to it, there
is but one thing more: and that is, a company of
soldiers to drive us from our seals.
Mr. KING, of Alabama, said he had hoped,
from the declaration of the Senator from New
Jersey, that "he would school his feelings, and
discuss the subject with temperance," that the
Senate would have been spared the reiteration of
violent denunciation, and the most abusive epithets
applied to the Chief Magistrate of the nation. Mr.
President, we have heard the President of these
United States eharged by a Senator in his place,
before an American Senate, and in the face of the
world, with giving utterance to falsehoods, know-
ing them to be false. Sir, the veracity afH honor
of General Jackson are too well established by a
long life spent in his country's service, in which
his truth had never been questioned, nor his honor
tarnished, to be now afTecud, even by the high
authority of the Senator from New Jersey. Hut
let us examine, Mr. President, upon what ground
it is that the Senator has thought proper to bnrg
this debasing charge against the President of the
United States. Why, sir, he has stated in the
message now under consideration, that the adop-
tion of the resolution condemning him for having
violated the Constitution and the law, was not de-
signed as a foundation for legislative action. Now,
sir, I put it to the Senator from New Jersey upon
his conscience asa man, and his honor as a Sena-
tor, to say whether he did, or does now believe,
that further legislation was expected to be founded
on that resolution, by those who adopted it? [Mr.
Southard said he did.] Sir, this is the first inti-
mation I have heard of any such intention. 1 am
bound to believe the Senator, yet I can but think
few, if any, here, will agree with him: for myself,
sir, I never for a moment believed there was any
such design. Í considered it to be a political
movement, and that gentlemen supposed that by
this condemnatory sentence, they would shake the
confidence of the people in the purity and integrity
of their President, impair the weight and influence
of the Administration,and thus be enabled to pull
down political opponents, and to elevate political
friends. I may have been mistaken, but this, sir,
was my firm belief. Will my veracity be called
in question for stating it? I presume not; and yet,
sir, the President of the United States, for stating
what he believed to be true—what I believe to be
true—and most of those around me believe also,
has been charged over and over again with wilful
falsehood. 1 am not permitted, Mr. President, to
give utterance here to the feelings of deep indigna-
tion, which such a charge is calculated to excite,
and I will pass over this part of the Senator's re*
marks with but one observation more, and that is,
that the language he has felt himself justified in
using, is as unusual as it is unbecoming i.i this
body, never before indulged in to my recollection,
but by one other individual, and approved of; I
trust and believe, by no one, be his political and
party feelings what they may.
We are told, sir, that the President has seized on
this occasion to trumpet forth his own praises; to
eulogize his services. Sir, attacked as he has been
as a violator of the Constitution, a tyrannical
usurper of powers not delegated by that instru-
ment; for trampling under" foot the rights and
liberties of the people, could he, in the just pride
of conscious rectitude, do less than recurlo those
events in his most eventful life, calculated to show
most conclusively that such early devotion to the
principles of liberty, such sacrifices, privations,
and perils, sustained and encountered by him in
defending his country's rights, must, with every
unprejudiced mind, free him from imputations as
illiberal as unjust? Mr. President, it is not for me
to defend Andrew Jackson against the charge of
having attempted to claim credit for services never
rendered. Those services are known to the whole
American people—detraction itself cannot lessen
them. Sir, the fame of that man will live in the
gratefulrecollectionsofarepublican people through-
out this widely extended empire, when the-little
politicians of the day shall sink into oblivion, and
be remembered no more forever.
Mr. President, the Senator from Mississippi
has said that the receipt of this paper had filled
every honorable Senator with indignation. Now,
sir,I feel no such indignation,and if theSenator—
[Here Mr. Poindexter rose to explain; he said
he did not say that every honorable Senator did
feel indignant, but that he ought so to feel.]
Sir, I must be permitted to judge for myself as
to what should excite my indignation; and not till
I stand in need of the opinions of that Senator to
regulate my feeling3, on this or any other subject,
shall I be in the slightest degree influenced by
them.
Why, sir, the Senator from Mississippi gravely
complains that the President asserts the power of
appointment and removal from office; and why
should lie not, sir? Does not the Constitution
expressly delegate to the President the right to
nominate, and by and with the consent of the
Senate,to appoint to office? And has it not been
settled, for more than forty years, that the absolute
right of removal was also vested in the President,
acted upon unquestioned under every Administra-
tion, until the present time, when new light seems
to have buist upon the hitherto benighted minds
of honorable Senators here, and they have all at
once discovered tftat this power of removal from
office never has existed, and that the exertion of
it was a violation of the Constitution of the land?
Most fortunate must it be for the country, Mr.
President, that we have in these our days, men
within these walls, who comprehend the provis-
ions of the Constitution so much better than
those who framed it; and who are determined, if
practicable, to lescue that instrument from viola-
tion on the part of the present President—who
has the hardihood to do what had been done by
Washington, Adams, Jefferson, Madison, and all
others who have heretofore discharged the execu-
tive duties of this Government.
But the President has exerted the veto power
vested in him by the Constitution, to arrest what
he on his conscience believed to be laws enacted in
violation of that instrument, or calculated greatly
to impair the general interest: anil for this he is
now arraigned as having usurped ail the powers
of legislation. Sir, it is somewhat amusing to
see the changes produced on the minds of hon-
orable Senators by the force of party feeling , con-
demning to-day what yesterday met with their
most hearty support. The President, by his veto
on the Maysville road bill, arrested the action of
the General Government on works of interna! im-
provement—put down, us far as in him lay, the
claim which had been set up to an unlimited ex-
ercise of power over such subjects; and thus, not
only prevented the expenditure of nearly one hun-
dred millions of dollars, then in progress of appro-
priation or contemplated on surveys then making,
but, sir, by his patriotic devotion to the true prin-
ciples of our Government, preserved from violation
the sacred charter of our rights How many, now
in my eye, then applauded the act, who are now
ready to condemn the exercise of the veto, and
pronounce it an usurpation of all legislative power?
How can those, Mr. President, who saw in the
bill of the Senator from Kentucky, for the distri-
bution of the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands, the destruction of the best interests of the
new States of the west and southwest, if not a
violation of the Constitution itself, condemn the
exercise of the veto, which alone saved us from
that ruinous measure ? Or will Senators, opposed to
the Bank of the United States upon constitutional
grounds, suffer their party feelings to lead them
to the condemnation of a man who interposed the
shield of that Constitution to protect the country
from the blighting influence of this immense
moneyed institution? Executive usurpation! I
firmly believe, Mr. President, we now have, and
ever have had, more to fear from legislative, than
executive usurpation upon the rights of the people,
and in violation of the Constitution. Sir, look at
the tariff act of 1828, laid not for the purposes of
revenue,butexpress!y and avowed lyforprotection.
Few will be found in the southern section of our
country who will not pronounce a tariff for protec-
tion alone, a violation of the Constitution. Its
withering effects upon the prosperity of that whole
section, I need not depict; they are known to all
who hear me. Remonstrance was vain; an inex-
orablemajority, who were filling their pockets with
the spoils, turned a deaf ear; all the influence of
this much-abused President, abused by those he
was laboring to relieve, was exerted without effect;
message after message recommended the reduction
of duties to the revenue stundard; bill after bill
was introduced, prepared by the Secretary of the
Treasury, under his direction, so to regulate the
duties as to relieve the suffering portions of the
country, and bring down the revenue to the lowest
wants of the Government. Interest, regardless of
the Constitution, still prevailed in the legislative
halls, and these just bills were defeated. Tell me
not, then, that it is executive usurpation, from
which we have most to fear.
Sir, the Senator from Maine [Mr. Sprague]
urges that the claims set forth by the President in
this message leaves no power in any other depart-
ment of the Government. Sir, if I understood
that paper, as read by the Secretary, the Senator
is altogether mistaken. I am confident'he had no
design to misrepresent. The power claimed is a
supervisory power, to see that the agents of the
Government faithfully carry into effect the laws
which may be passed for their control. This, and
no more, is the extent of the claim set forth, and
which now is denounced as an unheard-of assump-
tion of power. Mr. President, the American peo-
ple selected General Jackson as their President,
because they believed him honest, patriotic, and
possessed of a firmness of spirit, which would not
be turned aside, for fear of consequences, from
compelling all within the sphere of his legitimate
control to discharge their duty to that people;
nor will they be induced to withdraw their con-
fidence, however strongly he may be censured by
politicians, should he continue steadily to pursue
that course—for they will not be alarmed by the
cry of usurpation, or tyranny, although it should
come from this, or the other Chamber of this
building.
It has been strongly urged, Mr. President, that
never before, in the history of this country, has a
President of the United States felt himself justi-
fied in malting a communication to the Senate,
complaining of the action of this body. Sir, a
case precisely similar to this never has occurred;
for, sir, never before has the Senate adopted a
resolution condemning the President for a violation
of the Constitution, which hehad solemnly sworn
to support, and placed that sentence of condemna-
tion on the archives of the nation, asan enduring
record of his disgrace—as far, at least, as their
act could affix that stigma on his name. But, sir,
a case somewhat similar did occur at an early
period—in the Administration of that man whom
we all delight to honor as the Father of his Coun-
try. Sir, General Washington was in the habit
of coming down to the Senate, taking the seat you
now occupy, and presenting his nominations for
their confirmation. On one occasion it pleased the
Senate to withhold its approbation from a nomina-
tion of a General Fishburn, of Savannah, Georgia.
General Washington felt aggrieved; left the chair;
and on a subsequent day made a nomination, in
writing, of another individual, for the same office,
accompanied by a message complaining of the re-
jection of General Fishburn, and assigning his rea-
sons for having nominated him. [Here Mr. K.
read the message.] Sir, on this occasion General
Washington felt himself authorized to send acom-
munication to the Senate, to justify himself in
making a nomination which they had rejected;
not to procure the favorable action of that body
upon the individual named—for he was not nomi-
nated, but another in his place; but to free himself
from the implied censure which such rejection was
supposed to convey. But now, sir, when the
President attempts to free himself from the unpre-
cedented censure passed upon him by the Senate,
by stating'the grounds of his action, with the rea-
sons which influenced him, and asks that it shall
be placed on the same Journal on which the reso-
lution of his condemnation stands, he is met with
a degree of vituperation and denunciation which
has astonished, if it has not disgusted, the most
of those who heard it.
Mr. President, I am obliged to the Senator from
Maine for calling our attention to another message,
which he considers insulting to the Senate. What,
