328
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
States which says, " he shall from time to time
' give to the Congress information of the state of
«the Union, aid íecommend to their consideration
'such measures as he shall judge neeessaiy and
• expedient: he may, on extraordinary occasions,
"' convene both Houses, or either of them; and in
■ case of disagreement between them, with respect
' to the time of adjournment, he may adjourn them
• to such time as he shall think proper." And this
provision is the only one in which the President is
authorized to hold inteicourse with eithei House,
except in executive business. What, then, is this
resolution of which lie complains > It is a resolu-
tion which is either passed or revocable If it is
passed and gone by, find us an instance winch au-
thorizes this pioceedmg, and this right to take up
our journals, and make an appeal to the people
upon them, and it will open the door to look into
our journals in high party times, and seize upon
anything for such pui poses. But if the resolution
is not irrevocable—if future action may yet take
place upon it, and the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Benton] should submit his resolution to ex-
punge it from our journals, or if an act should be
based upon it—then this piotest is a direct and
palpable violation of the rights and privileges of
this House. Let a proposition be made to rescind
this resolution, and we act on the principle of it,
and this violation of our piivileges is equally
palpable.
But a precedent has been found for this act. The
precedents of the administration of General Wash-
ington, if in point, he would always íespect, and
if he did not coincide in opinion with them, would
depait from them with great reluctance, for never
was there, and never will there be, a man in this
country so well fitted for President of these United
States. Mr L. held him m the highest respect;
but instead of a just cornpanson between his act
and this, there is an awful contrast. President
Jackson rebukes us for an exercise of our poweis,
and makes an appeal to the people of the Unitad
States to sustain him. General Washington,
having differed with the Senate in the power of
appointment in one instance, where the power was
vested in him jointly with the Senate, sent to the
Senate the nomination of anothei man, and m the
kindest and most modest tone, communicated the
reasons which induced him to believe that the per
son whom he fiist recommended was worthy the
appointment It was simply an annunciation, in
his own excuse and apology, and this is adduced
here asa piecedent for this act' He hoped the
gentleman fiom Alabama [Mi King] wou'd bring
some more precedents for reference to these times
from thedays of Washington, Jefferson, andMadi-
son.
But the President had found out another source
of his power and authority He had found in his
oath oí office a substantive grant of executive pow-
er.    He says:
" In the present case, moreovei, there is even a
' stronger necessity for such a vindication By an
' expiess piousion of the Constitution, before the
' President of the United States can enter on the
' execution of his office, he is required to take an
' oath or affirmation, ¡n the following words:
" ' 1 do solemnly swear (or afliim) that I will
' faithfully execute the office of Piesident of the
' United States, and will, to the best of my ability,
* preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution ot
' the United States '
" The duty of defending, so far as in him lies,
' the mtegiity of the Constitution, would indeed
' have íesuíted from the veiy nature of his office,
' but by thus expiesbitig it in the official oath or
' affirmation, which, in tina íespect, differs from
1 that of every other functionary, the founders of
' oui Republic ha-ve attested tneir sense of its ím-
' Doitancs, and havegiven to it a peculiar solernm-
' ty and force Bou.id to Jie performance of this
' duly by the oa'h I have taken, by the stron^e^t
' obl.gations of giatiiude to the American peoplf,
' and by the ties wbi h an>te ray every earthly m-
' te^est with the welfar" ai J glorv of my country,
'and perfectly convinced that the discussion and
'passaee of the abo «-mentioned resolution were
' not enly urauthonzed by the Constitution, butin
' manv respects repugnant to its provisions and
'subversive of the righto secuied by it to other
' c ordinate d^paitroeuib, 1 deem it an imperative
* Ui.iv to maintain the supremacy of that hatred
' instrument, and theimmumties of the department
'intrusted to my care, by all means consistent
' with my own lawful powers, with the rights of
' others, and with the genius of our civil ínstitu-
1 tions. To this end, I have caused this, my
' solemn protest against the aforesaid proceedings,
' to be placed onlhe files of the executive depart-
' ment, and to be transmitted tq_the Senate."
In virtue of this oath, he asserts the source of
authority under which he sends this protest, and
that oath gives him just as much right to protest
against an unconstitutional act of the Supreme
Court as against this. If the Supreme Court were
to piss a judgment upon an unconstitutional act of
the President, he might send a piotest to them and
ask to have it placed upon its record. The Legis-
lature of "Virginia have expressed an opinion
against his acts, and he might as well have sent
a protest to them. But the State of New Jersey
having passed a resolution approving of his act, all
are entitled to join in songs of praise to the dema-
gogue who is raised far aoove himself. The man
is absolutely intoxicated with the power he pos-
sesses, his vanity, the most innocent of all faalts,
is inflamed by the flattery which he is daily drink-
ing in, and he is maddened by the burst of uncon-
trolled domination And it is out of this spirit that
comes this protest, this appeal to the people.
The gentleman from Alabama [Mr. King] had
given great credit to the President for the happy
termination of the tariff controversy of last ses-
sion. Mr L yielded him no credit for that act,
because he voted for the act of 1824, but the for-
tunate termination of that question was due to
another and vei y different person. And as he was
not in his seat, he might now say of him what
might be thought to be flattery if he were present
It was to the patriotism and talent of Henry Clay,
that he paid all his gratitude for that act,«ided by
Mr. Letcher, of the House of Representatives.
At tins stage of his SDeech, there was much
clapping and hissing in the gallery; when (Mr. L.
having paused) the VICE PRESIDENT ordered
them to be cleared, and while the officers were
proceeding to execute the order, the mteriuption
was resumed, and much increased.
Mr. BENTON then moved that theSergeant-at-
Arma be dn ected to take the offenders into custody
Mr. MOORE said that before it was attempted,
he would inquire whether it was practicable for
the officer to do it.
Mr. BENTON insisted on his motion; con-
tended that the Senate had been insulted; and
asked the yeas and nays upon the question.
Mr. CLAYTON thought there was no occasion
for the proceeding—there was no ground for the
Senate ariaying itself against the people of the
countiy.
Mi. BENTON replied that he had no reference
to the people who committed the first disorder
He knew how to make allowances for a sudden
ebullition of fpehng, and would go as far as any
gentleman to excuse it. His motion applied not
to those who were guilty of the first disorder, but
to those who persevenngly repeated it, long after
the order to clear the gellaiies had been given.
Mr. BELL moved that the Senate adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT decided the motion to
be out of order, as a motion was pending.
A member asked if it was m order to move to
lay the motion on the table
The VICE PRESIDENT raid it was not, the
order to clear the galleries being in progiess of
execution
Mi. POINDEXTER said, lfthehonorable mem-
ber would designate the persons who had been
guilty of the disoide., he would vote for the vvar-
íant to arrest It was unconstitutional to issue a
general wan ant of an est. The persons to be
anested must first be designated, otheiwise the
v/hole cty might be brought up here on the war-
rant, or all the persons who had been in the
galleries.
Mr E WING was mclmpd to think we had pow-
er to arrest m the Senate Chamber for an actual
mteriuption in the Senate, without a warrant, but
not out of the Senate Chamber without a warrant.
Nor could a warrant be issued, without designating
the individuals to be arrested. The galleries had
now all been clesretl, no person remained, except
pnvileeed individuals. He would not give his
consent to a geneial wairant to arrest individuals
The VICE PRESIDENT remarked that the
order to clear the galleries having been executed,
he was of opinion the motion to lay on the table
was now m order.
Mr. BIBB said that no one regretted more than
he did himself, the disorder which had occurred.
He regretted the order to clear the galleries, be-
cause they were attended generally by persons
who weie unacquainted with the rules of order of
the Senate. The galleries were now cleared, but
it had gone further An order to the Sergeant-at-
Arms to arrest persons generally was moved for.
And from time immemorial, in England, it was
contrary to every principle of liberty to issue gen-
eral warrants. Such was the rule in courts of
justice, and if so there, it was equally fit to apply
here. We should get into greater difficulties if
we weie to attempt to arrest on such general
powers. He would always vote, in case of in-
terruption, for a motion to clear the galleries, but
beyond that was a dangerous exercise of power.
Mr. BENTON asked what was the motion be-
fore the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT replied that it was
his motion to order the Sergeant-at-Arms to take
the offenders into custody.
Mr. BENTON observed that the persons who
were in the gallenes had all gone. He would,
however, remark, that he made no motion for a
general warrant; his motion was to take into cus- *
tody the persons who were over his head, not to
send the officer in pursuit of any one. It was to
arrest them mstanter. He would allow no one to
say that he moved for, or was m favor of, a gen-
eral warrant of arrest But the business was now
at an end If one party commenced applause, it
followed, of course, that the other would respond
by hissing, and his motion applied as well to the
one as the other. And he trusted that no one
who was now taking notes of our remarks here,
would íepresent him as being in favor of issuing
general warrants. He would withdiaw his mo-
tion, because the people in the galleries were all
gone.
Mr. LEIGH resumed—
The justice which he thought he owed to Mr
Clay, he was happy to give him But he returned
to the protest of the President of the United States.
He spoke of the life he had devoted in the service
of his country; of his scars obtained in that ser-
vice; of his advanced age, and of the hopes which
he now cherishes, dnected to the i'hrone of Grace,
before which he thinks he shall shortly appeal.
His gray hairs are addressed to the people of the
United States to sustain his protest, and these are
the only efficient reasons he has given. Mr. L.
said he did not know of the President's scars, but
he would not doubt them, if he said they were
upon his person. He knew this individual at ons
time personally, and he knew him well, he had
attentively watched his official life, both before and
since his elevation to the presidency of the United
States, and he confidently declared that he was a
man of undoubted veracity. But not having found
his revolutionary services recorded in the history
of the times, unless those services are handed
down in the papers of the times, they will be lost.
As to his public services, and his only services,
they were the victory of New Orleans. In regard
to that, he would say nothing of the facts, or what
he thought of the Piesident in a constitutional
point of view; he would sink all that, for under
all the circumstances in which the countiy was
placed at that time, the victory of New Orleans
was one of the most important victories on record.
But Mr. L affirmed that never had ahcro,many
age, ootamed such a mass of military renown from
a single victory, as the Piesident had received for
that; and he ventured to say, that he would find
five hundied brigadier generals in the revolutions
of Prance who had equally distinguished them-
selves As to the President's gray hairs on which
he diaws inspirations of heavenly blessings, he
(Mr L ) knew him too well to believe that the
frosts of age had quenched the boilings of his
bosom. He ratherremindedhim ofMountEtna,
whose summit was capped with eternal snow, but
which was always vomiting foilh Us liquid fire.
Mr. L said he had intended saying «good deal
more, but the late interruption had driven away
bis thoughts on the subject He concluded by
expressing a hope that the course  which the
