1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
829
Senate would pursue upon this subject would be
adopted in that spirit of moderation and temper-
ance which should charsctenze this body.
Mr. EWING then rose, and expressed a wish
to be heard, but yielded the floor to
Mr. WILKIiNS, who moved to lay the subject
on the table, and that the Senate proceed to tlje
consideration of executive business
Mr. CLAYTON said he was opposed to the
motion, and hoped the Senate would go on with
the debate on tins question. He was in favor of
adopting an illustrious example in England so
early as the year IG41, in the early part of the
reign of Charles the First, upon a question of
kingly prerogative, where the rights of the Parlia-
ment had been asserted. He hoped the Senate
would go into no executive business, nor confirm
any'executive nominations, till we asserted the
rights and privileges of the Seriate, as well as our
dignity and the dignity of the Slates we repre-
sented. He denied all light in the Executive to
send such a message here. Let us not at his
bidding pass upon any appropriation bills Tor the
support of the country, or upon any Executive
nominations, until this great question of right
and privilege is decided.
Mr. CALHOUN heartily concurred with the
gentleman from Delaware, [Mr. Clayton ] The
paper was a palpable breach of the rights and privi-
leges of the Senate, and until this question was
settled he did not know whether to consider this
body as a mere dependent part of the Government,
or a coordinate branch of the Government.
Mr. WILKINS said the gentleman from Dela-
ware was mistaken in the object of his motion.
He gave notice this morning that he would make
this motion. The business he alluded to was of
great importance—it was in reference to a treaty
which that gentleman understood connected with
our foreign relations.
Mr. CLAYTON said that all other business
was immaterial—there was none more important
than the vindication of the dignity of the Senate,
and he would oppose going into the consideration
of any other business till that was decided on.
Mr. SPRAGUE said, that although it was de-
sirable that the business should be acted on soon,
it was not necessary to-day or to-morrow.
Mr. WILKINS then withdrew the motion, and
gave notice that he would renew it again on Mon-
day, after the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ewing]
should have concluded his remarks."
On motion of Mr. EWING,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, April 18, 1834.'
Mr. BELL, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, reponed an amendment to the bill amenda-
tory of the several acts in relation to the relief of
insolvent debtors; which was agreed to, and the
bill, as amendeu, was ordered to be read a third
time to-morrow.
Mr. ARCHER,from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, reported a bill supplementary to an act
to carry into effect the treaty between the United
States and the King of the Two Sicilies; which
was read twice, and committed.
Mr. ARCHER, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Benjamin Hewitt.
Read twice, and committed.
Mr. ALLEN, of Virginia, from the Committee
on the District of Columbia, reported a bill for the
relief of James Young. Read twice, and com-
mitted.
Mr. ALLEN, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Henry Offut. Read
twice, and committed.
Mr. CLAYTON, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a lull for the relief of Samuel
Armstrong Bailey. Read twice, and further con-
sideration postponed.
Mr. E. EVERETT, from the Committee on
the Library, reported a joint resolution from the
Senate for the purchase of a certain number of
copies of the Laws of the United States, with an
amendment.
On motion of Mr. DUNCAN, three thousand
extra copies of the report of Lieutenant Allen, who
accompanied Mr. Schoolcraft in his tour through
Louisiana, &c, weie ordered to be printed.
Mr. HEATH moved a suspension of the rules
of the Hou&e, inorderto enable him to offer the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be directed to deposite in the Bank of the United
States and ¡is branches, from the first day of Mav
next, and until the expiration of its charier, all the
accruing revenues of the Government.
Mr. BURGES'aeked the mover to alter thelast
word to " nation,"instead of " Government."
The CHAIR said that when the House had
determined to receive the resolution, it might be
modified or amended.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked the yeas and nays on
the motion, and they were ordered.
The question being taken, the motion was're-
jected—yeas 83, nays £9, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. John Q.uincy Adams, Heman
Allen, John J. Allen, Chilton Allan, Archer, Ash-
ley, Barber, Barnitz, Bates, Baylies, J. M. Bell,
Briggs, Bull, Burges, Cage, Campbell, Chambers,
Chilton, Claiborne, William Claik, Clayton, Cor-
wtn, Coulter, Crane, Crockett, Darlington, W. R.
Davis, Amos Davis, Davenpoit, Deberry, Denny,
Dickson, Ellsworth, Evans, Edward Everett, Hor-
ace Everett, Ewing, Fekler, Fillmoie, Foot,Philo
C.   Fuller, Fulton, Gamble, Uarland, Gholson,
Gordon, Grennell, Hiland Haii, Hardin, James
Harper, Hazelune, Heath, Hiester, Jabez W.
Huntington, JacTtson, William Cost Johnson,
King, G. W. Lay, Lincoln, Love, Martindale,
MeComas, McKennan, Milligan, Moore, Potts,
Ramsay, Reed, Selden, William B. Shepard,
William Slade, Stewart, W. P. Taylor,Philemon
Thomas, Tweedy, Vance, Vinton, Watmough,
Frederick Whittlesey, Elisha Whittlesey, Wilde,
Williams, Wilson, Wise, Young—83.
NAYS—Messrs. John Adams, William Allen,
Anthony, Beale, Bean, Beardsley, Beaumont,
Bodle, Boon, Bouldin,Bunch, Cambreleng,Carr,
Casey, Chaney, S. Clark, Coffee, Cramer, Day,
D.  W. Dickinson, Donlap,Forester, Fowler, W.
K. Fuller, Galbraith,Giliet, Gilmer, Joseph Hall,
Halsey, Hannegan, J. M. Harper, Harrison,
Hathaway, Howell, Hubbard, Abel Huntington,
Cave Johnson, Kavanagh, Kmnard, Lane, Lan-
sing, Laporte, Lawrence, L. Lea,T. Lee, Leavitt,
Loyal!, Lyon, Lytle, J. K. Mann, Moses Mason,
Mclntire, McKay, McKim, McKmley,' Me-
Lene, McVean, Murphy, Osgood, Page, Parks,
Parker, Patton, Patterson, Pearce, Peyton, Pierce,
Pierson, Plummer, Polk, Pope, Schenck, Schley,
C. Slade, Speight, Standífer, Stoddert, W. Taylor,
F. Thomas, Thomson, Turn!, Vanderpoel, Van
Houten, Wagener, Ward, Ward well, Webster,
Whallon.C. P. White—89.
Mr. LINCOLN moved the suspension of the
rules, in order to offer a resolution requiring in-
formation from the PostOifice Department, which,
he said, would be of use when the debate was
resumed on the appropriation bill.
The motion was rejected.
Mr. JAR.VIS moved the suspension of the
rules, in order to allow him to offer a resolution
for inquiring into the causes of the suspension of
specie payments by the Bank of Washington, the
Bank of Alexandria, the Patriotic Bank, and the
Farmers and Mechanics' Bank of Georgetown;
and thereupon he asked the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
Mr. HARDIN said if the mover of the resolu-
tion would modify it so as to embrace an inquiry
into'the situation of each of the banks in the Dis-
trict, he would cheerfully support it.
Mr. WILDE asked if the motion could be post-
poned.
The CHAIR replied that a motion to postpone
would not be in order.
Mr. ARCHER asked the mover if he was will-
ing to extend the inquiry.
The CHAIR stated that when the resolution
was before the House it could be modified or
amended.
Mr. JARVÍS said he was willing to make the
resolution as comprehensive as any member might
wish.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, it
was determined in the affirmative, 149 to 23.
The resolution being received, it was read, as
follows:
Revolved, That a committee be appointed to in-
vestigate the situation of the Bank of Washington,
the Farmers and Mechanics' Bank of Georgé-
town, the Patriotic Bank, and the Bank of Alexan-
dria, situated in the District of Columbia, and to
inquire into ihe causes which have led^to the
recentsuspension of specie payments by the afore-
said banks, with the power to send for persons and
papers, and that the committee be directed io report
•.he result of their proceedings to this House.
Mr. HARDIN offered thefoilowmgarnendment
to the resolution, to be added after thelast clause:
And to inquire into the present condition of the
Bank cf the Metropolis; and also what is the
amount of its debts and obligations, and the means
it has to pay them; and particularly the species of
property it possesses, and what amount is due to
the bank from its officers or any of them.
Mr. JAE.V1S then moved tosuspend the rules
of the House, which set apart this day for the
consideration of private business, in order to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the resolution. The
motion was rejected.
Mr. POLK moved that the rules of the House
be suspended, in order to take up the general
appropriation bill, but withdrew it at the sugges-
tion of Mr. ARCHEPv, in order to dispose of
some bills on the table.
The bill for the relief of David Kilbourn being;
taken up, on motion of Mr. POLK, it was post-
poned.
The bill for the relief of Gaetano Carusi being
taken up, and some debate being likely to arise,
Mr. POLK renewed his motion to suspend the
rules, in order to proceed to the consideration of
the appropriation bill.
Mr. McKIM asked for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered. '
The question being taken, the motion was lost.
Ayes 92, noes G5, (not two-thirds,) as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. John Adams, John J. Allen,
William Allen, Anthony, Beale, Bean, Beardsley,
Beaumont, Bockee, Bodle, Boon, Bunch, Cam-
brelene, Carr, Casey, S. Clark, Coffee, Connor,
Day, D. W. Dickinson, Dunlap, Forester, Fow-
ler, William K. Fuller, Garland, Gillet, Gorham,
J. Hall, T. H. Hal), Halsey, Hannegan, J. M.
Harper, Harrison, Hathaway, Hawkins, Hazel-
tine, Howell, Hubbard, A. Huntington, Noadiah,
Johnson, Cave Johnson, B. Jones, King, Kin-
nard, Lane, Lansing, Laporte, Luke Lea, T.Lee,
Leavitt, Loyal!, Lyon, Lytle, A. Mann, J. K.
Mann, Mardis, Moses Mason, Mclntire, McKay,
McKim. McKinley, McLene, McVean, Osgood,
Page, Parke, Parker, Patterson, D. J^Pearce,
Peyton, F. Pierce, Pierson, Polk, Pope, Kamsay,
Schenck, Smith, Speight, Standifer, William Tay-
lor, Thomson, Turner, Turril!, Vanderpoel, Van
Houten, Wagener, Ward, Wardwell, Webster,
Whallon, and C. P. White—92.
NAYS—Messrs. John Q.. Adams, H. Allen, C.
Allan, Archer, Ashley, Barber, Barrrnger, Bates,
Beatty, James M. Bel!, Briggs, Bull, Burges, Cha-
ney, Chilton, Claiborne, William Clark, Clayton,
Corwtn, Crane, Darlington, A. Davis, Denny,
Dickson, Duncan, H. Everett, Ewing, Fillmore,
Foot, P. C. Fuller, Graham, Grennell", Griffin, H
Hall, Hardin, James Harper, Heath, Hiester, J.
W. Huntington, William Cost Johnson, Lincoln,
Love, Martmdale, McCarty, McKennan, Moore,
Murphy, Pinckney, Potts^ Reed, Selden, W. B.
Sheperd, Sloane, Spangler, P. Thomas, Tweedy,
Vance, Vinton, Watmough, Edward D. White,
F. Whittlesey, E. Whittlesey, Wilde, Williams,
Wise, and Young—65.
The SPEAKER communicated a letter from the
Secretary of War, transmitting a report of-the
Chief Engineer, tespecting the^expense of repair-
ing the Cumberland road; also, a report from the
fame, in relation to the improvement of the navi-
gation of the Monongahela; which were severally
referred.
Mr WISE, of Virginia, asked the unanimous
consent of the House to submit resolutions rela-
tive to the extent and limits of the legislative
power, in relation to the custody and control of
the public money.
An objection being made,
Mr. WISE moved the suspension of the rule,
and thereupon asked the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
Mr. LOVE moved a call of the House, which
was ordered and commenced.
Upon going through with the roll, 140 members
