840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
better to receive the protest, and proceed to the
consideration of the paper itself,
Mr. POINDEXTER accepted Mr. Clay's res-
olutions as a substitute for his own.
Mr. BIBB then proposed to amend the resolu-
tions by striking out all that follows the words
" United States," in the first resolution, and insert-
ing the words " be not received."
Mr. KANE then obtained the floor, and moved
an adjournment.
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, April 23, 1834.
After the reading of the Journal—
Mr. J. Q.. ADAMS said, some circumstances
which occurred on the preceding day, which were
incorrectly recorded, made it necessary for him to
move to expunge the following words from the
Journal: "After some time spent therein," and
insert, "And the Speaker resumed the chair,and
' Mr. Hubbard reported that the committee had,
' according to order, had the said bill under con-
* sideration; and finding itself without a quorum,
• had risen, and directed him to report that fact to
' the House." And again, to strike out,in another
place, "Mr. Hubbard resumed the chair of the
' Committee of the Whole on the state of the
'Union,"and insert, "TheHouse again resolved
'itself into Committee of the Whole House on
' the state of the Union, and proceeded in the con-
' sideration of the said bill; and after some time
'spent therein, the-Speaker again resumed the
'chair, and Mr. Hubbard reported that the com-
' mittee, finding itself again without a quorum, had
' risen, and directed him to report that fact to the
'House."
Mr. A. said there were other matters connected
with this, which made it imperative on him to
require these corrections. He had made a motion
for a call of the House, which was refused by Mr.
Speight. He had appealed from this decision,
and he had refused also to entertain this motion.
There was no motion made by the chairman to go
into Committee o'f the Whole on the state of the
Union. Mr. Hubbard, the Chairman, had done
so incorrectly, and when he ascertained that there
was not a quorum, he called on the member from
North Carolina [Mr. Speight] to fill the Speaker's
chair in the House. He did not believe he was
authorized" to appoint any one. The appointment
■was not according to precedent. The statements
on the Journal showed that the proceedings were
informal. After stating at length several cases
which authorized iiim to correct the proceeding,
he said if this were not a mere matter of form, if
the practice itself had not a tendency to lead to
scenes of the grossest disorder, he would have
passed the occurrences over, as that which might
naturally arise after a long debate, when members
were excited or fatigued, after a patient attention
to the duties of the House. But th¡3 state of
things was so interwoven and connected with an
attempt, on the part of a portion of the House,
to drive through it a bill, second to none in import-
ance,—he meant the general appropriation bill,—
that he could not pass it over. )t was evidently
the design of a portion of the House to drive, force
it, without discussion, or permitting any amend-
ment to be made. To such a length was this car-
ried , that the honorable chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means formally proposed to make the
motion for the rising of the committee a matter of
bargain—aye, s¡r,a matter of bargain, whether he
would or not object to my motion to this effect.
It is true the honorable chairman was arrested in
the course of these remarks, and called to order.
Mr. BOON rose to order. He desired to knov/
if it was in order to impute such improper motives
as were implied by the language of the honor-
able member from Massachusetts to the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, and to a
portion of the House.
The SPEAKER. No improper motives should
be attributed by any member to others.
Mr. ADAMS maintained that he had a perfect
right to aliude, not personally, but historically, to
the transactions of the previous day in the House,
lie had not made any personal reflection on the
chairman,or any portion of the House. He trusted
that at this day, when the House was full, that
a different course would be followed, and that he
would be permitted to speak, as he had a right to
do, of their proceedings as matters of historyj
when a direct proposition, a bargain, was at-
tempted to be made, that if he would agree to sit
out the bill to-morrow, the member and those
whom he commanded-------
The SPEAKER called the member to order.
Mr. ADAMS. Isitnotin order., then, to speak
the truth ?
Mr. POLK. What the honorablemember states
is not correct; it is not true.
Considerable excitement and confusion was ob-
served in the House.
Mr. ADAMS was proceeding, and used some
language which was not distinctly heard by the
reporters; for which
Mr. POLK rose and called him to order.
The SPEAKER desired Mr. A. to take his seat.
Mr'.'VINTON inquired for what?
The SPEAKER said, for having transgressed
the rules of debate, acting in a disorderly manner.
Mr. VINTON appealed from the decision of
the Speaker to the House; and he would make this
a question, whether one member had not a right
to accuse another?
TheSPEAKER. Not on a motion of this kind,
or in an indirect manner.
The SPEAKER here read from the rules the
part enjoining upon members that they should
avoid personality in debate; and said that he had
called the member from Massachusetts to order
for nothaving confined himself to the question, and
for making a direct and personal attack upon a
member of the House. The member having been
called to order, has taken his seat. The House
will take what order in the proceedings they think
proper.
Mr. WILLIAMS hoped the member from Mas-
sachusetts would be permitted to proceed with his
remarks.
Mr. VINTON here withdrew his appeal.
Mr. WATMOUGH desired to know what was
the charge against the member from Massachu-
setts.
The SPEAKER said, for nflt debating th e ques-
tion, and for making a personal allusion to the
chairman of the Committee ofWays and Means,
in stating he wanted to make an improper use of
his privilege, by making a bargain.
After some-remarks irom Mr.WATMOUGH,
Mr. ADAMS having obtained leave to makean
explanation, he declared he had no intention to
make any charge against the honorable chairman.
It was true he had used the word '• bargain," but
not in an offensive sense. He would state the cir-
cumstances, and the House would then be able to
judge for themselves. It would be in their recol-
lection that, after a motion to adjourn was nega-
tived, that he had moved a call of the House.
Upon that occasion, the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means rose in his place, looked
forward to him, and said he would agree to ad-
journ if he (Mr. A.) would pledge himself to take
up the appropriation bill the following (this) day,
and go through with it. In these remarks he was
stopped by the chairman of the committee. If
thebonorablechairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means did not understand that this proposi-
tion was a bargain, or the House so understood it,
then it would bean improper word. Piad he been
permitted to answer, he must have said that he
could not answer for more than himself in such a
bargain; and although that honorable member
might be satisfied that, by the mere lifting of his
finger, other members would follow him, and that
he could cairy his object, yet he would.not have
influence over any member, and therefore could
not make such a bargain. This was his explana-
tion. He left the proper use of the word to be
decided upon by the House.
Mr. POLK rose, but gave way to
The SPEAKER, who said-he owed it to him-
self to explain the circumstances under which he
had been in the habit of appointing the Speaker
pro tern, to preside in his absence. He did not
consider, by the rule, that he was bound to nomi-
nate by name to the House the individual whom
he selected. It was not a fact that the chairman
of the committee had nominated Mr. Speight in
his absence. It was a fact that he was nominated
by himself; and having been suffering under some
indisposition, he had, previous to his leaving the
House, who were then in committee, informed the
clerk the person whom he had named. After
referring to the practice and usage of the British
Parliament on the matters involved, he concluded
by saying it was competent for the House to ex-
press their decision on them.
Mr. POLK hoped that he should be permitted
an opportunity to repel the personal attack that
had been made upon him.
Mr. WJLLIAMS rose to order. He main-
tained that the gentleman from Massachusetts had
the right to the floor.
TheSPEAKER said he had relinquished it, and
then the member from Tennessee having rose,waa
entitled to it.
Mr. WILLIAMS, if he had, then he had
nothing more to say. But he considered that he
had sat down upon being directed to do so.
Mr. ADAMS said he had not yielded the floor.
He had taken his seat when called to order. The
explanation which he had given was to disclaim
having made a personal attack. In doing this, he
had not yielded the floor. He then proceeded to
contend against the explanation, and particularly
against the power claimed by the Speaker, to ap-
points locum tenens without naming him to the
House. He referred to the perilous consequences
that might ensue to the House and the nation, if,
with a bare quorum, any member making the
motion should not be permitted to have either a
call of the House, or a motion to adjourn. He had
sat in his place until seven o 'clock, impransus, and
was willing to do so at any personal inconveni-
ence for want of sustenance, if it had been the
pleasure of the House to do so; that is, of the
House properly constituted, for he had thought
there was a design, from what took place, to de-
prive the members of their rights on such an im-
portant bill as that which was under discussion.
He denied the right of the Speaker to nominate a
person to act for him, without the sanction of the
House; for, as he got his own authority from
them, hehad not the right to transfer it. The mo-
tion he made was strictly in order, he believed. If
the Speaker was present, he would not have re-
fused, as the member from North Carolina did,
either to receive his motion, or refuse his right to
appeal. He only desired the correction of the Jour-
nal , that it might be in conformity to truth and right.
Mr. POLK said, as he was not willing to detain
the House from the more important business
before it, he would not follow the example of the
member from Massachusetts. He only desired to
notice the severe adimadversions which had been
made, and in such impassioned language, by that
honorable member, upon a majority of the House.
He also desired to notice the allusions which he
had chosen to make with respect to himself. What
was the substance of the gentleman's complaint?
He charged that a majority of the House, a great
portion, were attempting to drive through it the
appropriation bill in an improper roanner. Sir,
(said Mr. P..) 1 deny the fact; and before 1 pro-
ceed further, I must ask, in what situation have
we been placed with respect to the appropriation
bill, to which eo frequently, and in vindictive
strains, the member from Massachusetts recurs?
Have we not been engaged in it for nearly seven
whole days ? And what had been our progress in
it? Scarcely any, until yesterday. We have been
met in all and every of its items with obstructions
purposely thrown in our way; I may add, with
embarrassments improperly raised, to defeata bill
actually necessary for the public service at this
moment.
What were we to do with a bill of this charac-
ter?—we, who deemed it all-important to hasten
through, when, according to the rumors that
were more than intimated on this floor, as else-
where, it was the intention to oppose it all through,
and to withhold the supplies for the service of
the nation? Were we to sit still, fold our arms,
or come to the conclusion which we did, to en-
deavor to have it passed, and in the only way that
we could accomplish that passage, by resolving to
wait patiently in our seats, hear and discuss ob-
jections that should bestarted, and considerthem,
in order to obviate them ? Sir, it was with this
determination I and a number of members, who
are to be stigmatized for so doing, came to the Hall
yesterday, and not to rise until we should get
