1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
841
through with it. The gentleman from Missachu-
setts, however, whose olj its this is ceWdated to
defeat, is rot pleased, and he complains that the
minority cannot control the majouty This is not
our fault. Jt lb a subject of congratulation to me
that there are those who evitfed then determina-
tion to cany through a bi 1 wlncu is for the benefit
of the country. But all this may not doubtless
please the gentleman, who, always voting for an
adjournment at four o dock, may thus, by causing
delay, foi aught I know, accomplish his purpose
of defeating the oill    Sir, I will speak plainly------■
Mr ADAMS rose to order The gentleman im-
putes to me that 1 always'/oteforan adjournment,
and says, that by so doing, it is for the object of
defeating the bil1, of w> hLolding the supplies.
The SPEAKER did not understand that this
imputation was made
Mr. POLK disclaimed it
Mi. ADAMS said he was satisfied bo far He
wished explanation as to the charge for voting
always to adjourn, for he beUeved there was not
any member less liable to the charge of desiring to
adjourn to the injury of rns constituents
Mi POLK I leave this matter to be settled
between the gentleman and his constituents 1
have no explanation to give about it
Mr ADAMS I appeal to the Chair. I am
insulted, I have asked for an explanation on a
charge of violating my duty as a member in this
House
The SPEAKER   Such a charge wasimproper
Mr PATTON here rose to ordei.and to ask if
it was in order to impute to an individual member
an intention to defeat a bill by voting for an ad-
journment, what he could not do directly' He
wished also to know if it was in order to talk of a
majouty in that House who could be led, by one
member, to vote by the lifting up of his finger >
He witnessed these altercations and remarks with
regret, and he must call on the Speaker to arrest
them
The SPE AKER sa>d the parties had been called
to order They had taken their seats in conse-
quence
Mr. POLK resumed, and said that he was about
to say that, regarding the despatch of the bill
through the committee as all important to the
public service, he wished to proceed with it, and
when the motion was made to adjourn, he had
voted against it. In regard to the charge of pio-
posing to make an improper bargain to effect this,
although the charge was qualified-------
Mr ADAMS called to order
The SPEAKER. The member from Massa-
chusetts has disclaimed that he intended anything
personal
Mr POLK then said, that not to tr e the House
with a continuance of this subject, he would bay
once for all, that, placed as he was, with some
responsibility, as the organ thiough whom some
of these measiues were proposed to the House, he
would be peifectty satisfied, if no greater offence
should be charged upon him than that of sucking
to his seat; for it he should be acquitted to his
constituents and to his conscience He would
repel the charge that a majority of the House had
a desire to drive the bill through
Mi ADAMS had not said a majority of the
House had such an object; he said a majority of
those present at the time to which he alluded.
Mr. POLK said, constantly as he was interrupt-
ed by the gentleman, he would relieve the House
from the unpleasant discussion. Hedesned that
they should go on with the bill; avowing that he
would not be deterred by sitting here late, from
that object, by any such complaint as that there
was a refusal to aujouin
Mr HUBRARD said,he felt it a duty to state,
that having been called to the chair, in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the appropriation bill, by
the kindness of the Speaker.it was his purpose to
act in that situation with impart.ality, and if he
committed any error, it should not be designed
He was aware that the member from North Caro
Ima had been named by the Speakei to fill the
chair, if occasion should arise for it, ui consequence
of his absence.
Mr REED regretted the couise this subject
liad taken, he could not allow that the Speaker
hid the right to leave the chair, or appoint a
successor, unless by leave from the House,    ""
He
was opposed to the course taken by the presiding
officer                                                                         °
Mr. TOOT supported the cou-se taken as
strictly wi'hin the lule It was alwavs under-
stood, that the moment a commutee rose, in con-
sequence of there not ben g a quoram, when it
i was ascertained that theie was one, the committee
were from that moment reinstated m their former
condition
Mr SPEIGHT justified his course when ir> the
chair, as that which was according to the former
1 usage of the House He denied tnat he had any
unl ind feeling to trie memberfrom Massachusetts,
and would, therefore, forbear noticing farther the
spirit with which be corducted this discussion.
I     A ter a remark or two from Mr. BRIGGS—
Mr  BINNCY contended that there ought to be
I some power in the House to compel the attend-
1 anee oí membeis n the Committee of the Whole,
in older that a minority of the House might not
control the proceedings of the committee.
I     Mi    MERCER suggested that, after all, this
J might be a question of fact and not of 0, der. He
had been informed by the gentleman who was in
I tre chair when the member from Massacnusetts
¡ made his motion and appeal, that he did not en-
tertain them because he was in the act of surren-
j dering, or had surrendered the chair to the chair-
i man of the Committee of the Whole
Mr. WAYNE suggested the exped'ency, with
a view to enable the House to get lid of the ques-
tion, of appointing a committee to examine the
facts, and correct the Journal accordingly.
Mr SUTHERLAND said he hed never known
the question to be put on returning into the Com-
mittee of the Whole, when a quorum was ascer-
tained to be present m the House Pie considered
the question as unimportant, and was anxious that
the House should Jisooseof ltin one way or other
Mr McKlNLEY cojákleied it as a matter of
importance that the Journal should be made to
speak the facts as to the proceedings in the House
He contended in regard to the second proposuion
oí the gentleman trom Massachusetts, that the
House was necessarily obliged to letuin into the
committee, when it was asceitamed that there was
a quoium, as wher a message 's received, while
the House is in Committee of the Whole, the
Speaker takes the c'iaij to enable the House to
receive the message, after which the House imme-
diately returns to the committee
Mr CHILTON supported the amendment
M1 BOON believing (be said) that nothing was
to be gained by a continuance oí tms debate, and
wishing to enaule the House to pioceed to more
impoitant business, moved to lay the amendment
on the table
Mi ADAMS as-ved the yeas and nays on the
motion, and they were ordered.
The qies ion being taken on the motion, it was
decided in the affirmative   Yeas 100, nays 89
Mi A D \MS then moved the following amend-
ment to the Journal
"Mi J Q, Adams moved that there be a call
' of the House, i he Speaker refused to put the
' question, upon which Mi. Adams appealed fiom
' the decision of the Speakei, who refused to entei-
1 tain the motion, and left the cl an, winch was 1m
' mediately lesumed by Mr IIlbbard, as Chan
' man ef the Committee of the Whole "
Mr BOON moved to lay the motion on the table,
upon which the yeas aid nnys were oideied
The question being taken,it was decided in the
negative- Yeas 94, nays 95
Mr ADAMS th&mted the House for then de-_
termination to enteitam the proposition, which, of
the two he had offered, was infinitely the more
important He hoped the House would now suf-
fer the Journal to be so Uteied as to show what
actually did take place The decision of the
House to lay his former motion on the table he
was willing to consideras a decision that the Elouse
was a legitimate House, though a ¡mnonty of the
House constituted an actual majority of tne Com-
mittee, rejecting all amendments to the bill, and
endeavoring to force its passage He did not
charge the majority of the House with the at-
tempt to duve the mil through,fortheattempt was
made by a mmouty. He. stated that he hirf&elf
made no motion to amend the bill, except one
which the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means accepted.   Most of the motions re-
j jected were made by the gentleman from  North
I Carolina, [Mr. McKay,] who was an ardent sup-
1 porter of the Admipistiation     He reminded the
|l House that from tne commencementof the session
1 he had earnestly Dressed upon the House his op-
i position to tne insertion of any provision in the
j appropriation bills which was not warranted by
previous laws    If the gentleman from Tennessee
had adopted his principle when he fiist made the
¡ motion to strike out the provision for an additional
clerkship m tne State   Department, there would
have been ntt'ede'ay of the bJl, but the gentleman
himself resisted that motion for two days.    He
utterly disclaimed any unkind feeling towards the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
01 the chairman of the Committee of the Whole,
and whatever excitement he might show here in
discussing facts, he left it at thedooi of the House
when he left it, and the moment he left the door
he would feel willing to take any member of the
House by the hand
Mr BR1CGS offered a fuither amendment,
specifying that Mr SrEiGHT,andnotthe Speaker,
was in the chair.
Mr POLK said  it seemed probnble that this
debate would present the House from taking up,
to-day, the important bill which the gentleman
from Massachusetts had so often referred to, and
he trusted that he would not be held responsible
by that gentleman for this delay.   The gentleman
held him   responsible  for delaying the bill two
days.   He appealed to the House whether he did
not make every effort to avoid debate.   Very often
he had,  peihaps   impatiently,   importuned   the
House to proceed with the bill.   At the close of
I the second day, the gentleman from Massachu-
I setts made a long speech on the subject, what he
I should call a set speech.  He could hardly account
. for the  cucumstance that the gentleman could
1 scarcely use in his place without animadverting,
in some way, upon him.
He (Mr. P ) discharged the duty ofan individual
I member, and could not imagine what object any
I one could have m representing him as influencing
others  in the discharge  of their  duties.     The
gentleman  fio a  Massachusetts makes assaults
upon everyone, lashes all around the House, and
then seeks to letreat by saying that if he had hurt
anybody's feehngs, he did not Intend it.    He m-
1 sisted that there was no one provision of this bill
j which was out of the usual course, and trusted
j that he would be acquitted of any unnecessay
corsumption of time.   But why did the gentleman
I consume the time of the House by dragging this
I question before it?   He proposes to amend the
Journal, and he goes oft and charges the majority
I of the House wuh improper conduct, and repeats
I the remarks which  he had already made before.
1 Trmking it necessary that we should transact the
public business, instead of consuming time in po-
I litical discussions, which weie intended for effect
1 abroad, and ended m no legislation, he hoped the
I House would go on with the appropriation bills,
sitt ng late, and working bard, till we had got
through with them     He hoped we should not sit
1 here, to hear the same speeches delivered over and
I ovei again, for the  benefit, asa member of this
I House used to say, of the people of Bunconnbe.
He was sorry to consume even the time occupied
by these remarks     He hoped the House would
go on to transact its business, without thatexcite-
I ment which the gentleman from Massachusetts so
1 much mamfested, and yet deprecated—that we
should do as he says, and not as he does.
Mi LANE opposed the amendment, as not
stating the fact  as he understood them. The
Speakei, he said, had left the chair, and was half
way off fiom the platfoim, before the gentleman
from Massachusetts made h,s motion
After some lema'ks from Mr EVANS,
Mi SPEIGHT said, it was true that he was m
the act of leaving the chair, when the motion was
made, but candor required him to state, that had
he remained m the chair, he should not havecon-
sideied that he had a right to receive the motion
for the call of the House. He also stated, thatin
his course, he had no design to interfere with the
rights of any member of the House, and further
observed, that it would be no cause of mortifica-
tion to him if his name should be handed down to
posterity as having made a wrong decision ill thi 
House
