3 ¿2____________________THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                           April 24,
Mr. BYNUM said he had voted to lay the
amendment of the honorable gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts on the table, and should now vote
against its passage, unless a motion was again
made for it to lay on the table.
He thoughtits passage would be an act of injus-
tice to his honorable colleague, who had occupied
the chair at the time alluded to, as the motives and
reasons by which the decision of which complaint
had been made, would be handed down to pos-
terity unexplained, and would certainly subject to
the suspicion and censure of all who should in
future observe the proceedings of the House, the
conduct of his colleague. The amendment which
had just been proposed by another honorable mem-
ber from Massachusetts,[Mr. Briggs,] he thought
made the whole still more objectionable. That
honorable member proposed to insert the name of
his colleague, who occupied temporarily the chair,
and thereby made the censure more express and
direct, which would inflict additional injustice on
the occupant of the chair. He believed the con-
duct of his colleague while in the chair was not
only innocent, but strictly correct. It appeared to
him, from the different expositions that had been
made in the House, that his colleague had taken
the chair, as Speaker, while the House was in
Committee of the Whole, for a special purpose,
and his duties were restricted either to adjourn it,
orto ascertain whether or not there was a quorum,
on the commission of either of which his colleague
thought his functions and powers immediately ex-
pired, and he did not, therefore,deem himself at lib-
erty to entertain the motion of the honorable gen-
tleman from Massachusetts; but after ascertaining
the fact that there was a quorum, he immediately
relinquished the chair, and the House, by its very
nature, was resolved back into a Committee of the
Whole. It did appear to him (said Mr. B.) that
this decision was perfectly correct, as upon the
very ascertainment of the fact of the existence of
a quorum, the nature of the House was changed
into a Committee of the Whole, and the functions
of the Speaker of the House, he thought, neces-
sarily ceased to exist, immediately after the an-
nouncement of the fact of the existence of a
quorum, which forthwith, without motion, con-
verted the body from the House into a Committee
of the Whole; and he thought his colleague per-
fectly right in believing he had no power, as
Speaker, to entertain the motion of the honorable
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] and
hoped he would be sustained in the decision he
had made.
After some remarks from Messrs. FILLMORE
and CHILTON,
Mr. BEARDSLEY moved that the motion to
amend be laid upon the table; which was agreed
to—yeas 98, nays 90.
Mr. R. M. JOHNSON moved the suspension
of the rules, in order to submit the following:
JSesoiDei!, That the several bills, viz:
No. 283. Making appropriations for the civil
and diplomatic expenses of the Government for
fee year 1834;
No. 221. Making appropriations for continuing
the Cumberland road in Ohio,Indiana, and Illinois,
and* repairing said road east of the Ohio, and con-
tinuing certain territorial roads;
No. 269. Making additional appropriations for
the improvement of certain harbors and removing
obstructions in the mouths of certain rivers;
No. 109. Making appropriations for the Indian
department-,
No. 182. Making appropriations for Indian
annuities, and other similar objects;
No. 181. Making appropriations for certain
fortifications for the year 1834;
Be the standing order of the day for Thursday,
the 24thinstant, at twelve o'clock, and on each suc-
ceeding day, (Saturdays excepted,) at the same
hour, until the said bills shall be disposed of; and
that till the hour of twelve o'clock on each day the
business of the House shall proceed in the order
prescribed by the rules of the House: Provided,
that it shall be in order to present memorials and
petitions on Mondays.
Mr. VINTON moved an adjournment. Re-
jected.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, on
Mr. Johnson's motion to suspend the rules, it was
decided in the negative: Yeas 108, nays 83.   (Not
two-thirds.)
YEAS—Messrs. John Adams, William Allen,
Beale, Bean, Beardsley, Beaumont, John Bell,
Blair, Bockee, Bodle, Boon, Brown, Bullard,
Bunch, Burd, Bynum, Cage, Cambreleng, Carr,
Casey, Chaney,Chinn, Samuel Clark; Clay, Cof-
fee, Connor, Cramer, Day, Bickerson, Dickinson,
Duncan, Dunlap, Ewing, Forester, Fowler, Wm.
K. Fuller, Galbraith, Giilet, Joseph Hall, Thomas
H. Hall, Halsey, Joseph M. Harper, Harrison,
Hathaway, Hawkins, Hazeltine, Heath, Howell,
Hubbard, Abel Huntington, Jarvis, Richard M.
Johnson,Cave Johnson, Benj. Jones, Kavanagh,
Kinnard, Lane, Lansing, Lawrence, Luke Lea,
Thos. Lee, Leavitt,Loyal!, Lyon, Joel K. Mann,
Mardis, Moses Mason, Mclntire, McKay, Mc-
Kennan, McKim, McKinley, McLene, McVean,
Robert Mitchell, Osgood, Page, Parks, Parker,
Patton, Patterson, D. J. Pearce, Franklin Pierce,
Pierson, Polk, Pope, Schenck, Schley, Augustine
H. Shepperd,Shinn,CharlesSlade,Smith,Speight,
Standifer, Stewart,Stoddert, Sutherland, William
Taylor, Philemon Thomas, Thomson, Turrill,
Vanderpoel,Van Houten, Wagener,Ward,Ward-
well, Wayne,Webster, Campbell P. White, Fred-
erick Whittlesey, Wilson, Wise—108.
NAYS—Messrs. John Gluincy Adams, Heman
Allen, Chilton Allan, Archer, Ashley, Banks,
Barber, Barnitz,Barringer,Bates, Baylies, Beatty,
James M. Bell, Binney, Bouldin, Briggs, Bull,
Burges, Campbell, Chilton, Claiborne,'William
Clark,Clayton,Clowney, Corwin,Crane, Crock-
ett, Darlington, Amos Davis, Davenport, Deberry,
Denny,Dickson,Evans,Horace Everett, Fillmore,
Foot, Foster, Philo C. Fuller, Fulton, Gamble,
Gholson, Gilmer, Gorham, Graham, Grennell,
Hiland Hall, Hannegan, Hardin, James Harper,
Hiester, Jabez W. Huntington, Jackson,Seaborn
Jones, King, Lay, Lewis, Lincoln, Love, Martin-
dale,Marshall, McComas, Milligan,Moore,Pinck-
ney, Potts, Ramsay, Reed, Rencher, Selden, Wil-
liam Slade, Sloane, Spangler, Tweedy, Vance,
Vinton, Watmough, Whallon, Edward D.White,
Elisha Whittlesey, Wilde, Williams,Young—83.
On motion of Mr. POPE, the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, Jlpril 24, 1834.
A message upon executive business was'received
from the President of the United States, by Mr.
Donelson, his Private Secretary.
Mr. CHAMBERS having obtained the unani-
mous consent of the Senate, introduced the follow-
ing joint resolution; which was adopted:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
in Congress assembled, That the Commissioner of
Public Buildings cause the Pennsylvania avenue,
from Capitol Hill to the President's square, to
be watered in such manner as to prevent the in-
conveniences now experienced.
Mr. GRUNDY presented a memorial, signed
by the members of the Nashville bar, praying that
the terms for holding the United States courts in
Tennessee may be changed. The memorial was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WEBSTER presented a memorial, signed
by four or five hundred inhabitants of Union
county, Pennsylvania, praying a restoratiorfof the
deposites to the Bank of the United States, and a
recharter of that institution.
Mr. CLAYTON presented a similar memorial,
signed by seven hundred and thirty-six citizens
of Kent county, Delaware.
Mr. ROBBIN3 presented a like memorial, from
a number of the inhabitants of the city of Provi,
dence, Rhode Island, and the adjacent islands.
Which  memorials  were read, referred to the
Committee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. LEIGH presented the petition of William
Mann; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented the petition of the
Trustees of the Indiana Teachers'Seminary, pray-
ing a grant of land to promote the objectsof said
institution. Referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Aft. TYLER presented the petition of Charles
J. Catlett; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. CHAMBERS presented the petition of Jo-
seph Forrest; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. C. also presented the petition of the widow
of the late Colonel Moore, an officer in the Revo-
lution; Which was referred to the Committee on
I Pensions.
Also, the petition of the Provident Association
of Clerks, in the District of Columbia; which was
referred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. POINDEXTER, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill for the relief of
William Smith, administrator of John Taylor,
deceased.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Roads and Canals, reported a bill to improve the
navigation of the river Mississippi, near the city
of St. Louis; which was read, and the documents
accompanying the report ordered to be printed.
SPECIAL ORDER.
The Senate then proceeded to the special order,
being Mr. Bibb's amendment to Mr. Poindex-
ter's resolutions relative to the reception of the
protest of the President of the United States of the
17th instant.
Mr. KANE spoke at length against the resolu-
tions, and in favor of receiving the protest, and
spreading it upon the Journal of the Senate.
Mr. BIBB rose to address the Chair, but gave
way to
Mr. WILKINS, upon whose motion the reso-
lutions and amendment pending were laid upon
the table, and made the special order of the day
for to-morrow.
On motion of Mr. WILKINS, the Senate pro-
ceeded to executive business, and when the doors
were opened—
Mr. HENDRICKS offered the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That for the remainder of the present
session, Fridays and Saturdays of each and every
week shall be devoted to the consideration of bills.
Mr. CHAMBERS moved that the Senate now
adjourn; which motion was negatived. Ayes 5,
noes not counted.
The bill from the House of Representatives,
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to issue
a register for the brig America, of Savannah, was
read a third time and passed.
On motion of Mr. FORSYTH, at half-past four
o'clock,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, April 24, 1834.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Benjamin
Hewett.    Read twice and committed.
The following bills from the Senate were read
a second time, and referred:
An act for the relief of John McCartney.
An act for the relief of the legal administrators
of Captain Paschal Hickman.
The House resumed the consideration of the
following resolution, offered some weeks ago, by
Mr. Mardis, of Alabama:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of reporting a bill requiring the Secretary of the
Treasury to deposite the public moneys of the
United States in the State banks; and, also, as to
the expediency of defining by law all contracts
hereafter to be made with the Secretary for the
safe-keeping, management, and disbursement of
the same.
Together with the substitute offered by Mr.
Corwin, of Ohio, declaring that the reasons offered
by the Secretary of the Treasury, for the removal
of the public deposites from  the United States /
Bank, are insufficient and unsatisfactory.    •
Mr. McKENNAN, who was entitled to thefloor
when the subject was last taken up, spoke in sup-
port of the substitute, and against the course of
the Administration in regard to the United States
Bank, till twelve o'clock, wheh the hour assigned
to the consideration of resolutions expired.
Mr. ARCHER, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, reported a bill to enable the Secretary
