>44
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
the Post Office Depaitment, which, he said, would
affyid every information that was desired.
Ihe letter was read; after which,
Mr. VINTON made an earnest appeal, at half-
pabt five o'clock, to the majority of the House not
to persistm trying, by wearing down the members
by late sittings, to carry thiough this bill. He
aveired that such a practice would recoil upon
themselves, and could do no good, even in hasten-
ing the passage of the bill, as theie was so much
other business before the Senate it was not to be
expected that they could abandon it and proceed
to this. He moved that the committee rise, but
withdrew his motion in favor of
Mr. R. M. JOHNSON, who remarked, that
he must press upon the House a choice of the bills
that were ebsentially necessary for them to act
upon, otherwise he must join with those who weie
determined to sit until this bill was got through.
Mr CHILTON disclaimed any dtsign on the
part of the opposition to embarrass the bill by
unnecessary discussion. It was now six o'clock.
He moved the committee rise.
The motion pi evaded- Ayes 75, noes 71.
Thereupon the committee rose and reported
pi ogress
Mr. POLK submitted a resolution that the gen-
eral appiopriation bill, now in the Committee of
the Whole, be taken up to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, and each succeeding day, except Satur-
day and Monday, at the same hour, until the
same shall be disposed of finally
Objections having been made—
Mr. ÉVAN8 moved an adjournment. Re-
jected—ayes 72, noes 81
Mr POLK moved a suspension of the rules, to
enable him to offer his resolution. Upon which
motion the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. VINTON moved an adjournment; which
prevailed—ayes 71, noes 69
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, Jl¡nü 25,1834.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a commu-
nication fiom the Department of War, tiaesmit-
ting a report of the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs, in compliance with a resolution of the Senate
ofthe3dofMarch, 1834
Mr. WEBSTER presented a memorial, signed
by about three thousand citizens of Oneida coun-
ty, New York, in favor of the íestoiaüon of the
deposites to the Bank of the United States, and
íechaiter of that institution.
Mr. W. said that this papei was signed bv
merchants, mechanics, and agriculturists, of the
county of Oneida. They complained of a great
fall m the price of produce and land in thatneigh-
boihood; all of which they attributed to the recent
measures of the Government. Mr W. thought
that a new omen of union was presenting itself—
persona of hitherto opposite sentimentson political
subjects were now uniting, and were speaking with
one voice of the evils which threatened the coun-
try. Two or three days since, we had heard a
strong rebuke from the gentleman from Georgia,
of the cries and factious clamors in Baltimore
These, however, had been íepeated, and we had
an other cry ft om the same quarter. He (Mr. W.)
thought the people were roused, and they would
teach their rulers that the expression of their opin-
ions was not treason, either legal or moral, and
that they were not factious
Mr. FORSYTH said, he had not seen the Bal-
timore papers, and therefore he could not say
whether the same thing of which he (Mr F )
spoke, had occurred He thought, however, it
could not well be A Sabbath day had not uitei-
vened since, so as to afford them the occasion
He was not m his seat yesterday, at the time the
gentleman from Massachusettsmadesomeremarks
upon the presentation of a memorial from Union
county, in Pennsylvania, but he would take this
occasion to allude to them (Here Mr. P. read
Mr. W.'s remarks, as reported in the Intelli-
gencer ) Now Mr. F took it for granted,, the
report was correGt, and if so, the gentleman had
done him very gieat injustice. He had never
found fault with any of the citizens of the United
States foi memorializing Congress, norhad he evei
Bald that meetings for such purpose were offensive
in their character. His remarks referred to a
meeting in Baltimore, and was.confined simply to
those who were cekbiatmg the Sabbath day in that
city, in a particular way. He thought that meet-
ing was no.sy and clamorous, and prompted by a
spirit of faction, and that nothing but political feel-
ing could have caused it. He believed it had been
stated that one of the speakers on that occasion
had endeavored to avoid that violation ofdecoium,
but was called out by the people to addiess them.
Now, this was noise and c!amor,and his remarks
applied only to those who were assembled on that
day. Another remark of the honoiable gentle-
man was complimentary to Governor Snyder,
of Pennsylvania. And when, he would ask, had
Governor Snyder become a favorite with the hon-
orable gentleman' It was not long since the party
the gentleman was connected with considered him
a stupid Dutchman—that he was chosen by a com-
munity of stupid Dutch. Mr F. spoke only of
treasonable thieats, and he did say that exertions
weie making to urge the people to the commission
of treason against, not the President, but the Con-
gress of the United States. The good newspapers
of this city of Washington did not always tell the
truth of what was done in this Hall. Some omit-
ted to state what fell from gentlemen here—others
suppressed it—while others put sentiments into
out mouths which we never entertained, and never
expressed. But it would not do to complain of it,
because it would seem like interfering with the
liberty of the press But ought we not ourselves
to be a little moie regardful of what we say of
each other' Now,*these remaiks of the honorable
gentleman were calculated to do him a great deal
of injury Some time since he was abused in the
public papers for the expression of sentiments
which he never uttered or diearned of And a
petition had been sent to the other House, con-
taining threats against him for saying what he
never did say, and these remarks of the honorable
gentleman were calculated to place him in actual
danger if he should go to Baltimore Now, he
rose on this occasion to say, that his former re-
marks applied to the people of Baltimoie who
assembled on Sunday last in the afternoon, and no
otheis.
Mr WEBSTER said the honorable gentleman
from Georgia should not complain of his remarks,
because he was a volunteer upon the occasion allu-
ded to. lie voluntarily spoke of the transactions
of Baltimore. The memonal then under consid-
eration had certainly nothing to do with them; the
memorial was from the State of New Jersey. The
gentleman, however, took occasion to leave New
Jersey and roam to Baltimoie, in order to intro-
duce a tiansaction in which a member of this body
took part. Mr W. said he wished to do that
gentleman no manner of injustice He remarked
upon nothing in reply but what had been said by
the honorable gentleman of the citizens of Balti-
more who chose to assemble m the streets and
at the wharves, by dozens, by hundieds, and by
thousands'
Mi FORSYTH replied, that whether a volun-
teer or not, did not seem matenal. He found the
subject in his way,and thinking it appropnate,he
had used it. But the gentleman from Massachu-
setts should remark that his observations applied
to memorialists. And although it might do him no
injury here, yet peisons at a distance would think
that he had reference to meetings in Baltimore
of a treasonable character, in which designs weie
formed against the acts of the Government He
did not say the acts of persons in the stieets of
Baltimore were of a treasonable character on the
occasion alluded to, but he contended that they
had been misled by their feelings to do acts which
were not creditable to them.
Mr WEBSTER alluded to the waim feelings
of the Senator from Georgia, [Mr Forsyth,] and
thought he had better refrain from indulging in
them.    He had spoken of Governor Snyder, of
j Pennsylvania     He (Mr  W ) had never known
that gentleman personally.    He had retired from
I public life  before Mr W. had commenced  his
I humble political career; but he had always heard
1 of him as an aident friend of civil liberty, a man
I of strong sense, and of straightforwaid course,
and possessed of a warm and good heait, and if
I his descendants partook of his qualifications, they
had his highest respect and esteem.
Mr. LEIGH did not like to take part in this
conversation, but he could not forbear referring
to a striking feature m the "signs of the times."
He saw, or thought he saw, a parallel between
Charles I and Cromwell, when religion was in-
voked in aid of the views of the Piotector. We
now hear of Sabbath breaking, and other infringe-
ments upon religious tenets. Is not the resem-
blance very strong' The President of the United
States is a very religious man. The gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. Forsyth] is a very religious
man-, and it did not become him to interfere be-
tween those gentlemen and their^God any more
than it became the gentleman to Interfere with a
portion of the citizens of Baltimore, and iter God.
He would take leave to relate a story. A clergy-
man in conversation with another gentleman, re-
named fiom expressing himself upon certain
offences as strongly as the gentleman thought he
ought to have done. The gentleman replied with
some warmth, asking him " Sir, have you any re-
ligion '"   The reply was, " none to talk of."
Mr. FORSYTH said he knew nothing of the
religion of the President of the United States, and
consequently should say nothing about it. Of his
own religion, he felt himself at liberty to speak.
He was sorry, very sorry, that the Senator from
Virginia [Mr Leigh] was in error. He was not
a religious man. Pie did not oompiehend the allu-
sion of the honorable gentleman in diawingapar-
allel between the acts of the reign of Cromwell, of
Charles I, and the present times.
The memorial was then referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLAY presented the proceedings of a meet-
ing and a memorial from the district of Hanover,
county of York, Pennsylvania, praying a resto-
ration of the deposites to the Bank of the United
States, and a recharterof said bank.
Mr C. dilated upon the beautiful country, and
the high respectability of the inhabitants from
whence the memorial had emanated. He animad-
verted in severe terms upon the political flexibility
of Governor Wolf, of Pennsylvania, and took
occasion to advert to the success of the opposition
party in Hanover county, Virginia, as a strong
coincident with that of the presentation of the
piesent memorial. He said that Hanover—the
good old Hanover—was the place of his nativity;
that it was there the spirit of the Whigs of the
Revolution was first aroused; and it was from that
county that the grandsire of a gentleman over the
way [Mr. Tyler] marched to Williamsburg, al
the head of a company of volunteers, and rescued
the public property from the grasp of Lord Dun-
more. He said that upon the late occasion, the
Whigs of the present day had proved triumphant,
defeating one of the most potent politicians of that
region, the descendant of that justly celebrated
jurist, Spencer Roane. He remarked that there
were six preemts in that county, where votes
were polled, and from three information had been
obtained. At those polls, the protest could find
no reception. They had yet to learn what favor
it had found at Negro Foot, Hell Town, and Long-
and-Hungry—the names of the remaining pre-
cincts.
Mr. FORSYTH thought it was not fair to cen-
sure the Governors of the States here, for acta
done in their official capacity. No doubt the gen-
tleman from Kentucky did not like the act of the
Governor of Pennsylvania, because it was a
damper, but it was very irregular to take up the
official conduct of the Governors of the States, and
make it the subject of detraction here. But the
Governor of Pennsylvania had proved that he un-
derstood the interests of the State he presided over,
andthe stand taken by him had procured the funds
necessary for the great and magnificent system of
internal improvements in which the State was en-
gaged, in spite of his denunciations against the
Bank of the United States. But would honorable
gentlemen bind themselves to what had produced
the change in the mind of Governor Wolf against
that institution' If it was man-worship, they had
done him great injustice But the gentleman from
Kentucky had spoken of the elections in Hanover,
Virginia, and it was true they were turning there
to Clay Well, if the gentleman could take con-
solation from such small things, he (Mr. F ) could
have no objection to it And the honorable gen-
tleman had made some allusion to the names of
