848
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Apiil25,
We had, from year to year, said, in effect, to the
Postmaster General, we know your force is not
sufficient for the business of your office; employ
additional aid when it is wanted, and we will make
the necessary appropriations.
Mr. HORACE EVERETT said that, for con-
tingent services, the Postmaster General was au-
thorized to employ additional clerks; but for the
permanent annual service of the department, he
ought to apply for an appropriation. He thought
that the extra cierks ought now to be provided tor
for the ensuing year, instead of making another
appropriation for arrearages next year.
' Mr. CONNOR said, he hoped the House would
pardon him for again trespassing a short time on
their patience. Standing in the relation in which
he did to the Post Office Department, he felt it to
be not only necessary, but his duty, to explain
and correct many misapprehensions that gentle-
men had fallen into. He was disposed, at all times,
to economize and retrench in this, or any other
department of the Government; and if gentlemen
would show that it is necessary and proper to
reduce this item m the bill, he would go with them
most cheerfully. But from his knowledge of the
affairs of the Post Office Department, having been
for the last six or seven years a member of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
such had necessarily been his intercourse as to
have made him familiar with its business and
labors; and he unhesitatingly said that he believed
the number employed has been absolutely neces-
sary to the proper performance of the duties of the
office; and that the Postmaster General, in em-
ploying extra clerks, had done so with a strict eye
to economy. Jt may not, and perhaps is- not
known to gentlemen, that many of these clerks
receive only $400, and several as low as $200.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Lin*
coln] says the Postmaster General is not author-
ized by law to employ extra clerk-hire. He is
correct. There is no such law; but to do so has
grown into law by usage. Prom necessity it must
be so, and cannot be otherwise. Such has been
the practice for fifteen years, and lias been at all
times sanctioned by Congress, and must so con-
tinue until that department has reached its greatest
height. The exact force necessary cannot be
«scertained by any one. Any number of clerks
Which are sufficient at this time, will not be able
to perform the labor six months hence. Judge
M'Lean expresses that opinion in a letter to Mr.
Barry, and which he read when up before. The
gentleman speaks of aisposing of one half of this
tribe. He knew not what the gentleman meant
when he speaks of the clerks as a tribe—whether
intended as an expression of reproach or other-
wise. But he begged to say to him, his acquaint-
ance with those clerks justifies him in saying they
were honorable and meritorious, who were always
to be found at their posts, and laboring early and
late, as their business may requiie. And if thegen-
tleman will go to the department, and go through
it, and examine fot himself, he must become sat-
isfied that his opinions of the requisite labor are
erroneous. Sir, the duties of solicitor, examiner,
and office of appointments, the gentleman inquires
what they are, as if to afford himself an opportu-
nity of answering his own questions, and does
answer them in his own way Mr. C. said, if he
'would allow him, he would give to him correctly
what are the duties of these bureaus, if permitted
so to call them. " The duty of the solicitor is to
' attend to the final settlement or closing of all
'accounts; the collection of all balances; lliecom-
' rneneementof suits; and the correspondence with
'United States district attorneys and others in
'relation thereto; also, the correspondence con-
'cerning the past accounts of postmasters." "The
' examiner's office is that which is charged with
' the crediting and examining all postmasters' ac1
'counts; the correspondenceconnected therewith;
' receiving and depositing in bank such remittances
' as are specially authorized, returning what is not
' receivable, and with notifying and reporting delin-
quents." The duties of the office of appointments
consists in the examination and endorsement of me-
morials, letters, and reports; obtaining and noting
information from the book-keepers and the office
of mail contracts, filing papers in appropriate par-
cels and cases; notifying charges against post-
masters and assistants, and complaints of the loca-
tion of offices, writing references of cases, &c, &c.
They also prepare abstracts of cases; register and
attest commissions; and enter the changes, discon-
tinuances, and appointments in the bond book,
with the penalties of the bonds; inspect all bonds
after execution, and return them for correction
when required. He might go through the whole
organization of the department, and show its
properties substantially the same as has always
existed; and without such assignment of duties
no department or other extensiv.e establishment
could get on.
The gentleman [Mr. Lincoln] speaksof routes
abused, and contracts by men not worthy of con-
fidence. Does the gentleman not know that the
Postmaster General has nothing to do with the
establishment of routes—that they are established
by Congress, and that his duty is afterwards to
put a mail on those routes? Can the gentleman
put his finger on any such unworthy contractor in
¡us distiict or section of country? He cannot.
Í suppose the gentleman alludes to the extra
allowances that have been made, the extras and
stars in the Blue Book, that has made so much
noise in the other end of the Capitol—charged by
many as being improper, and no one will venture
to ask to have them discontinued. As to his own
section of country, as well as other of the older
States, they obtained in their original contracts
their full share, and all that was desired. If there
be any such unworthy contractors as the gentle-
man seems to suppose, I know them not. There
maybe routes that should be discontinued; and
whenever a bill has been presented for the estab-
lishment of new routes, there has also been a num-
ber with it reported for discontinuance, by the
Postmaster General; but it has been rare that the
members have permitted those or any of them to
be discontinued.
The gentleman says the department is plunged
irrecoverably in debt, and is insolvent from
$800,000 to $1,000,000; and his colleague over the
way (Mr. Reed] says the department is unable
to pay, which means, that it is insolvent, as I
understand him. He will answer both these gen-
tlemen at the same time by saying to them, they
are mistaken; such is not the fact. Mr. C. said,
he would take the responsibility of here saying
thattheamountdue bythe PostOfficeDepartment
does not exceed $300,000 beyond their available
means, and that during the next year they will be
free from debt, and very shortly thereafter will be
prepared to grant facilities, in the shape of extras,
if it be necessary for the accommodation of the
people. Sir, as to that department's becoming in-
solvent, a moment'sreflection mustsatisfyanyand
every gentleman how perfectly idle it is to suppose
such a state of things. Congress establishes the
post roads: the Postmaster General is required to
put a mail on ihem. The power and manner of
transporting that mail, either by horse or Coach,
weekly, twice or thrice weekly, or daily, is vested
solely in him; and he could,if necessary or proper,
discontinue every coach in the United States from
its service, and have the mails transported, the
cheaper way, on horseback.
The gentleman has said something about con-
tractors applying for their pay and its being
refused, and they threatened by the department,
if they did not go away they would be paid in
forfeitures. The gentleman has been incorrectly
informed. It is not so. No such case has ever
occurred. If the pay of a contractor has been
withheld, there is some other cause, some difficulty
in relation to the performance of his duties, and
he called on the gentleman to name any one of
those if he could.
Here Mr. L. said he would reply after the man-
ner of a Yankee, byasking another question: Had
not contractors often been at the department, and
been refused their pay, and were told they were
defaulters ?
Mr. C. said no contractor had applied at the de-
partment for his pay, that did not receive what
was due to him. He had but a moment before ex-
pressed a belief that there must be some cause for
a refusal, if any such there was. He had touched
the right chord—the gentleman's inquiry explains
it—he has heard of some one who was a defaulter,
complaining, and that's all. Forfeitures can only
be charged against a contractor after they occur
and are so reported to the department.
He would beg now to say a word or two to the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Evans,] who com-
plains that contractors in his State have been paid
with post notes, and have lost four or five per cent,
in the sale or exchanging of them. Why, sir,
those post notes were on specie-paying banks, and
what better could the gentleman expect? When
his constituents enter into acontract with the Post-
master-General, no particular kind of money is
required or specified—the contractor expects good
money, and the department expects to give good
money, and does give him such. As far as the
amount collected in each State, in the shape of
postage, goes, it is paid to the contractors. When
that falls short, the department pays in drafts or
post notes of banks where they may have depos-
ites, always those being on specie-paying banks;
and such, I presume, is the fact with Maine—as
with many other States—the receipts of the whole
State are not equal.to the expenditures by 20 or
25 per cent, made in that State; and this may
account for the reason why the gentleman's con-
stituents were paid off in post notes. Sir, the post
office in the city of New York alone yielded, the
year ending in 1833, $179,000; in Philadelphia,
112,000, and thus in a single post office, the amount
received is greater than that yielded by three or
four States together. The department must, from
necessity, transfer the money from those States
where there is a surplus to those where there is a
deficiency and want. As to the inquiry, sir, why
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
have not examined and reported in relation to this
department, he could only say, the facts ha.d been
reported to the House by the Postmaster General
in his annual report, that no call has been-made
on this committee that has not been promptly an-
swered, and they have been ready promptly to
answer any that might be madeon them by order
of this House.
The motion to strike out was rejected.
Mr. REED moved that the committee rise—
ayes 69, noes 77.
Mr. LINCOLN moved to reduce the item to
$17,000.
Mr. EWING advocated the reduction, and
spoke at length upon the necessity of reforming
the abuses to which the Post Office had lent itself
in electioneering. He disavowed any imputation
upon the character of the man at the head of the
department.
Mr. POLK here rose to a point of order: that
the motion to reduce the item was not in order,
the motion to strikeout having been rejected. He
referred to the rules, from which he quoted the
rule to amend.
Mr. LINCOLN said he had some doubts about
it himself; but he had handed it to the Chairman,
and it received his sanction.
The CHAIRMAN decided that as there was no
objection made at the time the amendment was
offered, he took for granted that the committee
received the motion by unanimous consent, which
they had a right to do.
Mr. POLK. The mover himself admits its
irregularity.
The CHAIRMAN decided that unless he with-
drew it, the objection was too late.
Mr. LINCOLN declined to withdraw.
Mr. EWING then resumed, and asserted that
men possessing intelligence, integrity, and worth,
had been removed from the offices in Indiana,
and men of a contrary character placed in their
situations.
Mr. HANNEGAN said, however this might
have been the case ¡n the gentleman's district, it
was not the fact with respect to his own. There,
the offices were filled with men of the highest
worth.
Mr. EWING said he knew of instances where
men were appointed solely for being whole-hog
Jackson men, and of an appointment being given
in Bloomfield to a man who could not read his
commission when appointed.
Mr. HANNEGAN rejoined.
And the question having been taken, the motion
to reduce was rejected:
Ayes 53, noes 85.
Mr. POLK moved to strike out the item for
additional clerk hire to bring up the arrearages in
the Surveyor General's Office, ($3,500.)
Agreed to.
