1834.                                 THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                   349
Mr "WILLIAMS moved that the committ e
rise, and the motion prevailed, ayes 72, noes 64
The oo rnruittee thereupon i ose and repon ted prog-
ress, and
The House adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, Jlpril 26, 1834
The resolutions heretofore offered by Messrs.
Wardvvell and Reed, foi information fiom the
War Department, were taken up, by consent, and
agreed to.
The resolution heretofore offered by Mr Stew- •
AEi, foi punting 3,000 extra copies of the íeport
on the subject of the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal,
was taken up, by consent, and agreed to.
Mr. CÍIINN, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reponed the joint resolution
from the Senate for watering the Pennsylvania
Avenue, without amendment
Mr FILLMORE moved the suspension of the
rules, in order to proceed to the consideration of
the resolution now.
The question being taken, it appeared that there
was no quorum
Mr. MANN, of Pennsylvania, asked for the
yeas and nays on the motion, and, on division,
it appeared that there was still no quorum.
Mi. HARPER, of New Hampshire, moved a
call of the House     Negatived.
The motion for the yeas and nays was again put,
and prevailed.
The question being then taken on the motion to
suspend the rule, for the purpose of taking up for-
consideration the joint resolution for watering the
Avenue, it was decided in the negative—ayes fa4,
noes 54—(not two-thirds )
ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. BOON moved the suspension of the rules
in order to take up foi consideration the following
íesolution, some time ago offered by him-
litsolied, That the President of the Senate and
the Speaker of the House of Representatives close
the present session of Congress by an adjournment
of their respective Houses on Saturday the 31st
of May next.
Mr. BOON asked the yeas and nays, and they
were ordered.
The question being taken on the motion, it was
determined in the negative—yeas 91, nays 57; (not
two-thirds.
Mr. WHITE, of Louisiana, from the select
committee on the memonal of Benjamin Phillips,
reported "A bill authorizing experiments on steam
engines "                                                                       ,
Read twice and committed
Mr  POLK moved the suspension of the rules
in order to take up the appropriation bill,  bat
Withdrew it at the request of
Mr. THOMSON, who movrd that the Hou«e
take up the motion to reconsider the vote r-jccung
the bill for the relief of David Kilbouine.
The motion *o reconsider prevailed, and, on
motion of Mr THOMSON, the further consider-
ation of the bill was postponed to the first Monday
in December next.
Mr POLK renewed his motion to suspend the
rules, in oidei to take up the appropna'icn bill,
and, on division, the mot on was rejected, by a
vote of 92 to 60—(not two thndb )
The House went into the Committee of the
Whole, Mi Connei. in the chair, on the bill to
compensate Susan Decatur and others.
Mi LANE, who had the floor Irorn Saturday
last, stated that he was unable, in consequence of
indisposition, to piooeed in the discussion to day,
and therefoie relinquished the floor
Mr PARKER spoke ,n favor of the bill, and
moved to strike oat &31,412, and inseit }>25,000as
the portion of Mrs  Decatur
Mi. McKlNLEY moved a division of the ques-
tion, but the Cnair decided that it was not divis-
ible.
The question being taken, the motion was lost.
Mr ARCHER moved an amendment providing
that the share of Mis. Decatm be vested by the
Secretary of the Navy in public stocks, themcome
of which shall be paid to Susan Decatui dming her
natural life, and two-thnds of the puncipal theie.
after paid to the heirs and legal representatives of
the late Commodore Dei atur, the other third being
subject to Mrs   Decatur's disposition by will.
Mr PE ARCS, of Rhode Island, moved to stuke
out the enacting clause
The mot on was rejected—ayes 53, noes 80
The amendment proprosed by Mr. ARCHER
prevailed—ayes 72, noes 61
Mr. HARPER, of New Hampshire, proposed
an amendment to strike out all aftei the enacting
clause, end inserting anew distribution, (in which
§10,000 was to be given to Mrs. Decatur.)
The amendment was rejected.
After which, on motion of Mi. McKENNAN,
the committee rose, and reported a bill to the
House, which was oidered to be printed as amend-
ed, and
The House adiourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, Jlpnl 28, 183Í.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, upon executive business, by
Mr. Donelson, his Pnvate Secretary.
Mr. TYLER presented the proceedings and res-
olutions of a public meeting of young men of the
city of Richmond, and town of Manchester, Vir-
ginia, condemning the course of the executive,
and recommending the restoration of the deposites
to the Bank of the United States.
Mr LEIGH presented a memorial from inhab-
itants of the county of Gloucester, Virginia, of a
similar ehaiacter.
Both the proceedings of the meeting and the
memorial were read, referred to the Committee on
Finance, and ordered to be printed
Mr. McKEAN presented a memonal of certain
citizens of Pennsylvania, remonstiaung against
the imposition of duties upon foreign coal, which
was íeferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr CHAMBERS piesented the petition of
Geoige W. Howard, which was referred.
Mr. S1LSBEE presented the petition of John
Ames, paper manufactura , which was referred to
the Committee on the Judicial y.
Mr. TOMLINSON piesented a memorial from
a number of importing merchants of the city of
New York, piaymg that the unexpected excess of
duties which they have been obliged to pay under
the act of 21 of March, 1833, may be refunded
The memorial was íeferreü to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. WAGGAMAN presented the petition of
Andie Frederick Paisseau and others, of Louisi-
ana, which was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands
Mr. KING, of Alabama, presented the memo-
rial of John Wa'ker, in behalf of Edmund P. Fol-
some, an orphan child of the Choctaw nation,
asking that a quaitei section of land be set apart
for him in conformity with the piovisions of the
tieaty with the Cnoctaw nation.
The memorial was íefeiredto the Committee on
Indian affairs
Mr. WEBSTER presented a memoria! signed
by moie than SiX thousand inhabitants of the city
of Utica, and the county of Oneida, New York,
piaymg the ¡estoiation of the deposites to the
Bank of the United States, and asking Congress
to take such measures as their wisdom may sug-
gest, to restoie the currency of the countly to a
htalthful condition.
The memonal was accompan ed by a few re-
ma'ks by Mr WfiBS 1'ER, and was then read and
íeferred to the Committee on Finance, and ordeied
to be printed
Mr. W1LKINS piesented a memonal of a large
number of the inhabitants of Huntingdon, Hun-
tingdon county, Pennsylvania, approving of the
couibe of the President of the United States with
regurd to the Bank of the Ui"ted States, appioving
uhe«üu>-se of the Hon William C Rives, late a
Senatoi from Vngmia, and differing with certain
Se.iators foi not obeying instructions sent them by
the Legislatures of tneir several States
Mr WILKINS said that he fully concuired
with the gentleman from Massachusetts in the sen-
timent expi essed by him. He, also, was not labor-
ing under any political despondency, nor did he
despair of the Republic, though he confessed he
despaired of anything being done at the present
session of Congress to relieve the country, owing
to the great con ti ariety of opinion prevailing here,
in the House of Representatives, and out of doors.
If it was possible for us, seeing so much of public
sentiment, to ascertain what that sentiment was,
we ought to endeavor to abide by it, and adopt
something in accordance with it, in aid of the
people. But he despaired of ascei taming it by the
presentation of the proceedings of public meetings.
He had many such expressions in his possession;
but we could not ascertain from them the real state
of public sentiment, in the excited situation of the
country. It was to be presumed that all petition-
ers wei e equally interested in the prosperity of the
institutions of the country, and m preserving the
Constitution and laws, and they were therefore
enttled to credit for then exertions They were
all equally respectable, and all interested m their
country's welfare Mr. W. had determined to.
present no more of these pioceedings, but he had
had m his possession, for sometime past, the pro-
ceedings of a public meeting held at the court-
house in the town of Huntingdon, in Huntingdon
county, Pennsylvania, which he would present.
That county was in a central situation, upon the
great Pennsylvania canal, in the midst of an ex-
tensive and iich iron region, and from these cir-
cumstances, was intimately connected with the
trade, commerce, and business transactions of
Pennsylvania. He moved that the proceedings
be read; and they would be found to be opposed
in sentiment to those from the county of Oneida,
just presented.
Mr. CHAMBERS remarked, that he had not
understood all the resolutions when they were
read, but the gentleman from Pennsylvania had
said that they were in direct opposition to the
1 Oneida memorial, which said that everything was
l depressed. Now, it was strange that any ¡espect-
I able body of men would undertake to tell us that
theproductsof industry wereathigh prices. They
admitted m these proceedings, that everything was
I paralyzed, but they attributed it all to the monster;
and after this depiession, when they have arrived
at the point of killing, they say it is better—he
thought it a practice which would not relieve the
patient. All knew that the ciops were short, and
prices low. But we were told that the bank waa
grinding down the people; but by their official re-
ports we perceive that they have not been curtail-
ing at all, and yet they must now curtail, and if
the monster should thus go on «ailing in its debts,
how was it possible for the pressure to go off.
Common sense was against it.
Mr. CLAY rose to say, that as allusion had
been made to his name as a retained counsel of the
bank, in terms which were not to be misunder-
stood, he would not contradict it, out of respect to
himself, but that he would be glad if the gentleman
from Pennsylvania would return the memorialists
his thanks for their notice of him The assertion
i was not true He had had no professional con-
] nexton with the Bank of the United States for the
last nine years.
Mr WILKINS replied, that the Senate would
recollect that on one occasion he gave an opinion
that our fellow-citizens had a right to be heard by
us,m any language they chose to use. We could
not examine strictly the language in which they
chose to piesent themselves here, for that would
be infringing upon the rights guarantied to them
in the Constitution It was for the Senate, after
the presentation of a paper, to <3ay what they would
do with it He was aware that the language of a
portion of this paper—that part which alluded to the
gentleman from Kentucky—was exceptionable,
and of which he disapproved But he asked that
gentleman when he (Mr. W ) had ever uttered a
sentiment uisiespectlul either to him or any other
gentleman of the Senate  [Mr Clay said, never ]
But when a paper was sent to him to present, Mr.
W said he felt no right to obiect to it The gen-
tleman fiom Kentucky would have a right to
lebuke him whene\er he should find him using
language of his own, disrespectful to him or any
other member
The gentleman fromMaryland [Mr Chambers]
had called up to his íecollection an expression of
his (Mr. W.'s) made at an early period in this
discussion, but he had made it too general. He
never denied that there was distress and pressure
