350
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
on the people. In the month of January he did
deny that there was distress prevailing in the city
of his residence. He did use the phrase, but he
qualified it in a way to justify it, and he was justi-
fied now. He then said that he had no paper
giving him evidence of distress in Pittsburg; but
after this expression had gone to Pittsburgh pub-
lic meeting was held in consequence of it, ana one
of the resolutions there adoptee', admitted that they
had Kept their complaints to themselves; that the
cry of distress had not gone from Pittsburg, and
in their expressions pointed particularly to the
future. He acknowledged that distress did over-
spread the land, to the utter condemnation of the
Bank of the United States; and he confessed, that
in this respect, he was disappointed as to the power
and disposition of the bank to cause distress. As
regarded the Oneida memorial, the difference was
in relation to the bank, whether the Government
or the bank was the immediate cause of the pre-
vailing distress. With respect to agricultural
products, we knew that they were all looking up
in price. Look at the article of flour in the mar-
kets of Philadelphia and Baltimore.
But allusion has been made to the S«nators from
New Jersey, and he regretted that it was there.
But it only spoke of the question, whether those
gentlemen were representing the sentiments of their
constituents; they did not decide the question; and
Mr. W. said his own wish was that they might
represent them. But on the side of the Adminis-
tration we have prima facie evidence in the instruc-
tions of the New Jersey Legislature, that they did
not represent them. And this was combatted by
those gentlemen by giving the proceedings of meet-
ings in New Jersey. He made no comments upon
this subject; these men made their own conclu-
sions, in relation to the present situation of public
affairs, and time only would tell which party was
right.
Mr. WEBSTER, observed, that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania said that there were so many
memorialists that he did not know what they
•wanted. But could any reasonable man say that
he doubted what the opinion of the people was at
this time? Why, what was the question ? It was
on the propriety of the removal of the deposites;
and he believed the number of memorialists here
was as twenty to one against it. And would any
man say he doubted whether the majority of the
people approved or disapproved of this measure?
Me could not think any man would say it was
doubtful. He knew many gentlemen supported
the Administration in the measure, but was the
thing itself the object of their approbation ? He
was at a loss to know whether the gentleman from
Pennsylvania had selected this paper for the de-
corum of its language, or the closeness or per-
tinency of its reasoning. He contended, however,
that Congress was bound to furnish a remedy for
the people for the grievances they labored under,
before their adjournment.
Mr. W1LK1NS rose to correct an error of the
gentleman from Massachusetts. He did not ad-
mit that he could not make up an opinion upon the
present state of affairs, but he said there was such
a variety of opinion as to retard any measures of
relief. He had no doubt on which side public
sentiment was in relation to the removal of the
deposites, and the action of the Administration on
the finances of the country; and he said that public
sentiment was with the Administration. He ad-
mitted that in our commercial cities the Adminis-
tration had lost ground; for the commercial com-
munity went with the moneyed interest of the
country. But the sentiments of the commercial
cities was not a fair test to ascertain the sentiments
of Che mass of the people—of the yeomanry of the
country. In Philadelphia we had lost ground;
but Philadelphia had always been opposed to the
Administration; and in thecity of the West we had
also lost some ground; and he had no doubt he
had been stripped of a portion of the favor which
he had had the honor of enjoying; and on his re-
turn home, he doubted notiie should be met with
some coolness for the course which he had taken;
a course which, before God he could say his.con-
science dictated to him as the proper one. But as
to the dominant party, the yeomanry of Pennsyl-
vania, he had no doubt that their spirits were up;
that they were sensitive and compact; that they
stood together, and were unmoved by the opera-
?
tions of the Bank of the United States. And what
must have bee;i the mischievous conduct of that
bank which could have weaned from it so unani-
mous an opinion of friendship as existed in Penn-
sylvania a short time ago ! Such was its flagrant
conduct, that a total change had now taken place
against it. What, then, was the rule by which
we were to judge of the state of public opinion?
Will you take the elections since October last as
the touchstone? Take the elections since the re-
moval of the deposites, and what must be the sen-
timent of every impartial man. The removal oí
the deposites was the subject of conversation on
every election ground in Pennsylvania. And yet
what was the consequence ? We should judge of
that act by the effects which followed, not imme-
diately,but by the subsequent conduct of the bank.
The gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Porter,]
was elected to the Senate by only one vote. And
what was public sentiment in Missouri, Illinois,
andlndiana? In favor of the Administration. In
Ohio, where the tlections took place on the second
Tuesday of October, we had prima facie evidence,
from the instructions of the Legislature, what that
sentiment was there.. In Pennsylvania, a large
majority of the Senate and House of Repiesenta-
tives was decidedly so. In New Jersey, we had
the same prima facie evidence, in the instructions
of her Legislature. In New York, it was suffi-
cient to say, that we had not been beaten. In the
commercial emporium, where the greatest power
and influence of the bank wa3 brought to bear on
the election, to a degree that perhaps will never be
repeated, it had terminated in a defeat. These
were the facts from which Mr. W. said he drew
his conclusions. In Virginia, the contest was not
yet over; but had the Administration gained or
losttheie? That was the question. Then, as to
relief, no one was more disposed to legislate, and
to do anything to restore harmony to the country
than himself. He was willing to act at any mo-
ment, to quiet the public mind on this vexed ques-
tion.
After some further remarks by Mr. PORTER,
in which he said he was elected by a majority of
two votes, instead of one, as had been observed by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, the paper was
referred to the Committee on Finance,and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. BROWN presented the proceedings and
resolutions of a large meeting of citizens of Edge-
combe county, North Carolina, approving of the
course of the Executive with regard to the Bank
of the United States, and recommending that the
deposites be not restored to that institution, and
the same may not be «chartered.
The proceedings were read, referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLAY submitted the following resolutions,
the immediate consideration of which he asked;
and leave beingobtained, the resolutions were con-
sidered, and after being slightly modified, on mo-
tion of Mr. MOORE, were adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report to the Senate the gross amount
of the proceeds of the sales of the public lands,
and the number of acres which have been sold
during the year 1833, including the last quarter of
the year, and distinguishing the amount received,
and the number of acres sold in each State and
Territory.
Resolved, also, That he report to the Senate the
'manner in which has been ascertained at the Treas-
ury, from time to time, the " twentieth part of the
net proceeds of the lands lying within the said
State [Ohio] sold by Congress from and after the
thirtieth day of June next, [1803,] after deducting
all expenses incident to the same," which by the
compact with Ohio was set apart for laying out
and making public roads; and the manner in which
the like allowance made to other new States has
been ascertained at the Treasury, showing espe-
cially the deductions made from the gross amount
to ascertain the net proceeds.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLAYTON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill for the relief of James
Thomas; which was read, and the report accom-
panying it ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLAYTON, at the same time, on leave,
presented a memorial praying indemnification for
expenses incurred in the District during the chol-
era; which was referred to the Committee on the
District oí Columbia.
Also, the petition of the Rev. Mr. Wiltbank,
chaplain of the navy yard, Philadelphia, praying
compensation for services rendered; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval A nans.
Mr. W1LIQNS, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, reported the following bills from the House
of Repiesentaiives, without amendment:
A bill for the relief of William B. Doliber and
others;
A bill for the relief of Stephen Kingston;
'    A bill for the relief of Samuel B. Walker.
SPECIAL ORDER.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the special order, being the amendment of Mr.
Bibb to Mr. Poindexter's resolution relative to
the protest of the President of the United States.
Mr. BIBB resumed and concluded his remarks
against the reception of the protest, and the doc-
trines promulgated by that paper.
Mr. GRUNDY then took ihe floor; when, on
his motion, at half-past four o'clock,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, .Sprit 28, 1834.
The Hon. Rice Garland, elected a member
from Louisiana, in the room of the Hon. H. A.
Bullaud, resigned, appeared, was qualified, and
took his seat.
. Mr. BINNEY rose to state that he had been
informed by Mr. Franklin, the Clerk of their
House, that he had received the afflicting account
of the death of his father. This event occurred
on Saturday last; and there were circumstances
connected with it, which rendered his going to
Philadelphia indispensable. Under such circum-
stances, he h"ad been informed that an absence of
three or four days would not be objected to by
the House. He asked leave, therefore, to submit
a motion to this effect.
Leave having been given, the motion of Mr. B.
that Mr. Franklin have leave of absence for four
days, was unanimously agreed to.
Mr. HALL, of North Carolina, who had pre-
sented sundry memorials in relation to the bank
and the removal of the deposites, from his constit-
uents, on the last petition day, called up his mo-
tion to print the same; and thereupon spoke at
length in explanation of his views.
The memorials were, on motion of Mr. HALL,
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. GRAHAM moved to lay on the table the
memorial from Burke county, North Carolina,
presented by him on a former day.    Agreed to.
Mr. GAMBLE called up a memorial from citi-
zens of Savannah, respecting the United States
Bank and the deposites, presented by him on a
former day, and proceeded to discuss the facts
alleged by the memorialists. The facts imbodied
in the memorial were, he believed, true, and were
believed to be true by a majority of the people of
Georgia, and the people of the United States.
They estimated the loss on the cotton crop of
Georgia, produced by the removal of the depos-
ites, at one million of dollars, and of the whole
cotton crop of the South, at six or eight millions.
The number of memorialists was small, being
only two hundred, but they were men of intelli-
gence, high character, and extensively engaged in
business.
On motion of Mr. Q. the memorial was read;
and the motion to refer and print the same being
under consideration,
Mr. WAYNE rose to make some remarks, but
a question of order having.been made, he yielded
the floor.
The motion to refer and print was then agreed
to.
Mr. WAYNE presented a memorial signed by
G80 citizens and legal voters of the city of Savan-
nah and county of Chatham, expressing their ap-
probation of the course of the Government in rela-
tion to the United States Bank. He moved that
the memorial be received, at the same time inti-
mating an intention to call it up for the purpose of
submitting some views on the subject at a future
time.
