352
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
A pril 29.
Department is indebted for money borrowed, and to
whatamount to each of such corporations or indi-
viduals respectively, and at what rates of interest
such loans have been obtained; whether the depart-
ment has overdrawn the amount of deposites to its
credit in any bank, or banks, and if so, in what
balances it is now indebted to such banks; in what
instances, if any.and to what amount, thedepart-
ment has anticipated its revenue by draft on post
offices in advance of the current quarter; and
whether there are arrearages due to any contrac-
tors, according to the terms of their contracts,
either executed or continuing, for the conveyance
of the mails, and to whom, and to what amount
respectively; and what is the aggregate amount of
the indebtedness of the department, beyond us
present means and resources to discharge all its
pecuniary obligations in time, and according to its
engagements and liabilities.
Mr. LINCOLN asked the unanim'ous consent
of the House to the consideration of the resolution;
but an objection being made, he moved a suspen-
sijn of the rule which requned the resolution to
he one day on the table, in order that it might be
considered now.
Mr. ADAMS,of Massachusetts, asked the yeas
and nays thereon, and they weie oidered.
The question being taken, the House rejected
the motion to consider now, yeaa 110, nays GS,
(not two-thirds.)
Mr. MERCER obtained the consent of the
House to submit the following resolution; which
lies on the table one day of course;
Resolmd, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to lay before this House a communication
of I he (i h of October, 1833, from a civil engineer
of Pennsylvania, on the subject of the contem-
pla'ed bridge across the Potomac, at the city of
Washington.
On motion of Mr. GILMER, a report from the
War Department in relation to the death of Har-
diman Owens was taken up for reference.
Mr. CLAY said the subject related to the law
and the administration of the law, and he therefore
moved its reference to the Committee on tne
Judiciary.
Mr. GlLMERsaid that the most important part
of the report related to the conduct of an officer of
the Army It was due from the Government to
the people to investigate the subject. It did not
properly belong to the Judiciary Committee, but,
as he thought, to a select committee.
After some words from Messrs. CLAY, WIL-
LIAMS, GILMER, and McKlNLEY,
Mr. POLK moved that the House proceed to
the orders of the day, and it was agreed to.
The House went into Committee of the Whole,
Mr. Hcbbafid in the chair.
Mr. WHITE, of New York, moved that the
committee proceed to the consideration of the bill
regulating the value of foreign silver coins in the
United States.
Mr. WHITE assured the chairman and the
committee, that nothing but his duty to the com-
mercial community would induce him to ask the
favor, at this moment, when a great public meas-
ure (the appropriation bill) was before them; but,
as us necessity was urgent, and as it could not
occupy any great portion of time, he asked that
it lie now taken up.
Mr. POLK said, if it would not create debate,
nor occupy much time, he would assent to its con-
sideration now
After some words from Mr. McKAY,
Mr. WHITE withdrew the motion for the
present.
On motion of Mr. POLK, the committee pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill making-
appropriations for the civil and diplomatic ex-
penses of the United States during the year 1834.
Mr. VANCE moved to strike out the following
item:
For additional clerk-hire in order to bring up
the arrears, and transcribing the field notes of said
office, for the purpose of having them preserved at
the seat of Government, §1,000
Aftersomeexplanationsfrom Messrs. McKlN-
LEY, POLK, LYON of Michigan,C. C. CLAY,
and ASHLEY, and a few remarks from Messrs.
VANCE and LANE,
The amendment was rejected.
The next item, being for the compensation to
the surveyor general of Arkansas, $1.500—
Mr. WILLIAMS moved that the question
should be taken on each item, and not passed over
without a vote being taken for the concurrence.
Mr. POLK suggested that the most convenient
course was to move to strike out such items as
were objected to.
Mr. WAYNE approved of the motion of the
honorable member from North Carolina.
The question was then taken on several items;
which were agreed to.
Mr. ASHLEY proposed an amendment to the
item for additional clerk hire, authorizing the Sec-
reta! y of the Treasury to provide fur some sur-
veys that should be found necessary, many
which, he explained, had been overlooked in va-
rious places.
Mr. DUNCAN concurred in the propriety of
the amend ment,
Mr. POLK regretted that he must object to the
amendment being proposed to this bill, where it
was evidently out of place.
Mr. ADAMS objected to it, because it gave a
discretionary power to the Secretary of the Treas-'
ury to inciense or grant compensation.
Mr. -ASHLEY finally withdrew his amend-
ment.
Mr. VANCE moved to strike out the next item,
as he considered that these cilices were perfect
sinecures:
For enabling the respective surveyors general
to furnish the several laud ofliies, commencing
under the credit system, with renewed townshio
plats, under the direction of the Secie'ary of the
Treasury, m cases wheie those previously fur-
nished have been tleiai'ed, oi become materially
injured by use, $10,000.
The voteson tiie amendment to strike outstood,
ayes 45, noes 53.    No quorum.
The CHAIRMAN having ascertained there
were one hundred and twenty-six members, being
a quorum, present—
Mr. McKlNLEY explained the necessity that
existed for the appropriation.
It was opposed by Messrs. H. EVERETT,
FULLER., of New Yoik, and BURGES.
Mr. POLK read a statement from the Commis-
sioner of the Land office, which went to show
that much evil had acciued for the want of these
maps; he, however, left it to the committee to say
whether the appropriation should be reduced in
amount.
After some remarks from Mr. BARRINGER
and Mr. FULLER,
Mr. DUNCAN moved to reduce the appropria-
tion to one half, viz: $5,000.
Tne CHAIRMAN said this was not in order.
Mr. WILLIAMS opposed the appropriation
altogether.
Mr. POLK said he should not oppose the
reduction.
Mr. PLÜMMER bore testimony to the neces-
sity that existed in the land offices in Mississippi,
to have these maps renewed. It was all-important
to the inteiest of his constituents that they should
be supplied; and as Mississippi had paid into the
Treasury large sums, he hoped so small an appro-
tion would not be refused.
The motion to strike out was rejected: Ayes 57,
noes 07.
Mr. ASHLEY moved to strike out §10,000,
and insert $5,000.     -
Mi. CULL moved to insert £9,500.
The amendment was rejected.
And the amendment proposed by Mr. ASH-
LEY was agreed to:  Ayes 92, noes not counted.
For compensation to the Secretary appointed by
the President to sign all patents for lands sold or
granted under the authority of the United States,
per act of second March, eighteen hundred and
thirty-three, including arrears of salary not paid
for eighteen hundred and thirty-thiee, the sum of
¿2,750.
For. compensation to the Commissioner of Pub-
lic B'lildings in Washington city, $2,000.
For the purchase of books for the Library of
Congress, £5,000.
Mr. J. U,. ADAMS moved to amend this by
increasing the amount to $10,000, which, he said,
was to carry out the recommendation of the Libra-
ry Committee, at the time there was a conference
deemed necessary on account of the former ots-
agieement existing between the two legislative
branches on the subject of printing.
The amendment was rejected.
Several items of the bill were then read, and
concurred in.
When the following item was read—
For compensation and mileage of the members
of the Legislative Council, pay of the officers of
the Council, fuel, stationery, and piintmg, for the
Michigan Territory, $11,448—
Mr. POLK moved to amend this, by inserting
§4,000 to pay up arrearages which occurred ioe
ihe same oljects during the past year.
Mr. McKAY objected.
Mr. LY'ON and Mr. POLK cfuoted theestimates
to sustain the appropriation; which was finally
agreed to.
For compensation to the Governor, Judges, and
Secretary of the Arkansas Territory, includirg ad-
ditional compensation to the judges, under the act
of twentieth April, eighteen Lui.dra) and thirty-
two, at $800 each,fiom the sixteenth March, eigh-
teen bundled and thirty-thiee, to ihuty-first De-
cember, eighteen hundred and thnty-foui ,$13,800.
Mr. McKAYmoved to amend, by inserting, in
lieu of $81 0, $5S3.
Mr. POLK quoted the estimates.
Mr. SEVIER advocated it.
The amendment was rejected.
For incidental expenses of the Legislative Coun-
cil of said Territory, per act of twenty-fourth May,
eighteen hundred and twenty-eight, omitted last
year, seven hundred and twenty dollars.
Mr. CELL proposed to amend the foregoing,
at the recommendation of the Committee on the
Judiciary, by inserting a paragraph to defray the
expenses of digesting and printing the laws of the
Territory, $3,000.
Mr. HARDIN did not see that any necessity
existed for the General Government digestmgand
piinting the local laws of any Territory, which
could not be voluminous enough to require it. He
hoped that no new items of expenditure would be
inserted, but that the appropriation would be made
only in reference to offices previously established
by law.
Mr. BELL said he made the recommendation
by desire of the committee, in consequence of a
memorial to that effect from the Legislative Coun-
cil. He could not agree that the principle alluded
to was established, although he desired that it
should, believing it to be a bad course of legisla-
tion, but the practice was well known to have pre-
vailed in consequence of peculiar circumstances,
which generally led to it, and which seemed almost
impossible to avoid.
Mr. SEVIER maintained that the principle of
inserting this amendment was as justifiable as
others which found their way into the bill.
The motion of Mr. Bell was agreed to, 73 to
49.
Mr. BRIGGS, at the request of the Delegate
from Florida, who was not now present, moved to
strike out  11,300, as the appropriation   for   the l
Governor, judges,etc., of the Territory of Florida,
and to insert $13,000.    Rejected.
Mr. BRIGGS moved one or two other slight
amendments, which were adopted.
Mr. SELDEN moved an amendment proposing
a limitation to the fees of the district attorneys,
by preventing them from dividing their actions
against individuals.
Mr. POLK opposed the motion; and after some
remarks fiom Messis. McKAY, FILLMORE,
PARKER, WAYNE, BRIGGS, and BEARDS-
LEY,
Mr. LANE moved to amend the amendment,
by providing that the district attorney shall em-
brace ill the same suit, the several demands which
he may have in his hands for prosecution against
an individual at any one time.
Mr. SELDEN spoke against the motion to
amend the amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS moved that the committee
rise.    Ayes 91, noes not counted.
The committee then roseand reported progress;
and,
On motion of Mr. HUBBARD,
The House adjourned
