THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED ATJTH^CJTJ^OFW^SHIWGTQN, BYJLMRJ_Rim
23d Congress, 1st Session                                                     SATURDAY, MAY 10, 1834                                                                     Vol   I....No. 23.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, Jlptil 30, 1834.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, upon executive business, by
Mr. Donelson, his Private Secretary.
Mr. WEBSTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, reported.a bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives, making appropriations for the War
Department, without amendment. Onhismotion,
the bill was recommitted to the same committee.
PETITIONS.
Mr. SPRAGUE presented a memorial from in-
habitants of Hallowell, Maine, in favor of the res-
toration of the deposites to the Bank of the United
States,and praying a reeharter of that institution.
Mr SPRAGUE said, that these memorialists
complain of the prevalence of deep distress in their
community, owing to the belligerent attitude
assumed by the President of the United States
towards the bank, as developed in the recent meas-
ures of Government; and they protest against it,
and say, that the power over the Tieasury, which
the Executive has claimed in the protest, ughtfully
belongs to the Congress of the United States. He
knew that it was said by somethatthe supplement
had retracted the claim set up in the protest, but,
Mr S said, he believed it was only ambiguous,
and left the claim of power just where it was, and
where it might be put forth in all its rigor, or dis-
claimed according to circumstances. He says all
the officers of Government are his officers, are
executive officers, and under the control ot the
Executive; aritl in the supplement he says he don't
mean to control the money, but he is accountable
forthe conductof theofficers, and,therefore, hehas
the possession and custody of the public money.
He says, Congress may designate the place where
the money is to be kept, but that he is the keeper
of the key These petitioners are citizens of the
most Democratic county in the State of Mame,
and they speak with but one voice. They have
not yet had their entire fields swept over by the
dark and bitter waters of Jacksonism, but they say
they wish this experiment put an end to, lest this
confiding and generous, yet biave people, may be
driven to despair.
Mi SHEPLEY said, it was not his desire to
enter mto this question upon the presentation "of
memorials; but as some remarks had been made
in relation to his State, which seemed to nil for a
remaik, he would say a word or two His col-
league had said that but one voice proceeded fiom
Kennebeck. True; and if that one voice was the
memouals presented here, theie was but one voice
from Maine. Thosepeisons who believe thecon-
ductanJ measures of the Administration to be cor-
rect, never take the trouble to presentmemonals oi
resolutions The State of Maine now gives more
than 70,000 votes, and a short time ago it gave
60,000, and yet, heie are evidences of opinion
from Maine, notwithstanding resolutions appro-
batory of tne conduct of the whole Administration
passed one branch of the Legislature by a vote of
119 to 53, and 29 to 2-in the other branch These
are, to be sure, the only exhibitions of public senti-
ment on that side. The State of Maine rests on her
own quiet dignity, her people feel that her Legis-
lature has expressed their opinions, and that they
have not been done by disoideily, tumultuous
expressions of public, meetings. She is willing
that they shall be heaid, but constitutionally heard,
through the ballot boxes And what was this
public expression, sn much relied on? All this
show was some 2,600, out of 60,000 or 70,000, and
yet we hear intimations thi own out as if there was
some great expression of opinion from Maine,
which would induce a belief that the expression
of the Legislature was not rightful.
Mr. S piesented these views only to show, not
what might at some future day be her opinions,
foi he pretended not to pronounce what they might
be in future times, but what they were now. It
was sufficient for him to look at the expressions
of opinions as they were, and as they were ex-
| pressed in the legitimate mode. But he understood
I that there was anew mode of electioneering adopt-
| ed—new here, at least, and he, for one, would
' not have believed that this assembly would have
been so occupied for five months past. Not a
' petition had been presented, but it was accom-
panied by some remarks of an electioneering ten-
dency, and so avowed. Whether the people will
thmK the Senate so constituted are conforming to
theirduty, they will judge. Mr S supposed this
body was designed for different purposes. It
seemed now that reason was no longer to be oper-
ated on, but excitement, appeals to the passions
and piejudices of the people, and intimations of
some strange events about to oocui, was the order
of the day This was the new mode of election-
eering; and the whole system was to be a new
one—all for good, no doubt; and it was not more
tiue that it was a new system than that new names
were devised, and new systems applicable to par-
ticular districts of the country. Mr. S. said, he
could not perceive that Kennebeck was especially
distinguished bymarks of Demociacy; and if she
was entitled to that appellation, in any other sense
than in the sense of the new name which had been
given her, he differed in opinion as to the justness
of it But this was not the time for investigating
the paper which was the subject of so much re-
mark. He hoped a fair, full, and delioei ate inves-
tigation would be given to it, but until the paper
should be received, he would withhold any com-
ments he had to make.
The memorial was read, and referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr SMITH presented a'memorial, signed by
about 300 inhabitants of Coventry, Connecticut,
praying that Congress would make an appropria-
tion to erect a monument to the memory of Cap-
tain Nathan Hale, of the revolutionary army,
who was despatched by General Washington on
secret sei vice, to the Bntish camp, and after having
successfully performed the objects of his mission,
was arrested on his return, tried, condemned, and
executed as a spy.
The memorial was referred to the Committee on
Mihtaiy Affairs.
Mr. WHITE presented the petition ofTheodo-
nck B Rice, which was referred to the Commit
tee on Military Affairs
Mr MOORE presented the petition of William
Walker and others; which was referred to the same
committee
Mr. KENT presented a .memorial of sundry
citizens of Baltimore in support of the establish-
ment of the warehouse system, which was leferred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. NAUDA1N presented the petition of Boyd
Reilly, sta'ing that he had invented and patented
an improvement in the use of vapor baths, which
he conceived wou'd be important to the army and
navy, and desiring Congress to puichase a right
Iteferre i to the Committee on Military Affairs
Mr BENTON piesented the petition of the
Right Reverend Bishop Rosati, of St. Louis, Mis-
souri, and others, praying to be released from the
payment of duties, amounting to upwaids of $600,
which acciued on a set of bells imported from
Havre, in Fiance, for theRoman Catholic Cathe-
dial in St. Louib. Refeired to the Committee on
Finance
Mr BENTON presented the petition of Colonel
A. R. Woolley, pi aymg an appropriation to covei
a sum due him for pay and emoluments while set-
tling his accounts, and which sum is not included
m any appropriation yet made. Referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. POINDEXTER, from the Committee on
Public Lands, asked to be discharged from the
further consideration of the resolution m refer
enceto public lands, as affecting Galena, Illinois.
Agreed to.
Mr POINDEXTER, from the same committee,
repoited unfavorably upon the petition of Benja-
min S   Polk; which report, on motion of Ml.
' MOORE, was laid upon the table.
Mr. McKEAN, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of James McFarland.
Agreed to.
Mr WRIGHT, from the Committee on Claims,
made an unfavorable report upon the petition of
Samuel Hardesty. The report was ordered to be
printed
Mr. SMITH, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, reported a bill in favor of David Beard;
which was read, and the report ordered to be
printed.
Mr. NAUDAIN, from the CommitteeonClaims,
reported a bill from the House of Representatives,
for the relief of Francoise Suzone, without amend-
ment.
SPECIAL ORDER.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the special order, being Mr. Bibb's amendment
to Mr. Poindexter's resolutions with regard to
the President's protest.
Mr. CLAY spoke at length in favor of the
resolutions, when
Mr. WRIGHT obtained the floor, and, upon
his motion,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, Jlpñl 30, 1834.
Mr J  Gl ADAMS obtained leave to notify to
the House, that on to-morrow he would ask leave
to present a bill to restrict the Corporations of
i Alexandria, Georgetown, and Washington, from
issuing notes of a less denomination than ten doi-
. lais.
.     Mr. WAYNE reported a bill for the relief of
I Alexander Scott, and
Mr  PARKER, a bijl for the relief of James
I Tucker and John Judge, which bills were read
twice and committed.
|     Mr.  R.  M.  JOHNSON  reported,  from  the
Committee on Military Affairs, a joint resolution,
i giving a right of way at Harpei's Ferry to the
railroad company, ihrough lands the property of
i the United States, and a repoitin relation thereto;
| which, on his motion, was ordered to be printed.
j The joint íesoiution, by the rule, lies on the table
one day for consjdeiation.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee, reported a bill fur-
ther to amend the judiciary system of the United
States, which was read twice, committed, and
ordered to be punted.
Also, a bill for the relief of Thomas McClelland;
which was read twice and committed.
Mr. WILLIAMS íeported a bill to equalize
the representation from the Territory of Flouds;
which was ordered to be printed, and the consider-
ation postponed until to morrow.
Mr. PARKER, of New Jersey,obtained leave
to submitt the following íesoiution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the PostOffice
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post route from Cam-
den, by way of Amboy, to New York
The resolution was agreed to.
The House resumed the consideration of the
resolution submitted by Mr  Marks-
Resohed, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to mquue into the expedi-
ency of reporting a bill requiring the Secretary of
the Treasuty to deposite the public moneys of the
United States in the State banks; and, also, as
to the expediency of defining by law all contracta
hereafter to be made with the Secretary for the
safe-keeping, management, and disbursement of
the same.
Together with the substitute offered by Mr.
Corwin, of Ohio, declaring that the reasons of-
fered by the Secretary for the removal of the
public deposites from the United States Bank are
insufficient and unsatisfactory.
Mr McKENNANresumed.andspokeatlength
