354 __________________THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE._______________April HO,
in favor of the amendment submitted by Mr.
CORWtN.
Mr.GALBRAITH then obtained the floor, but
was obliged to postpone his remarks.
The SPEAKER presented various accounts
from the Comptroller of the Treasury.
The military commutation bill was postponed
until to-morrow.   .
The motion submitted by Mr. Mercer, in rela-
tion to the Potomac bridge, was agreed to.
The Hbuse then, on motion of Mr. POLK,
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Hubbard in the
chair.)
On motion of Mr. C. P. WHITE, the bill to
regulate the value of foreign coins was taken up
and considered.               '   >
On motion of Mr. WAYNE, the bill to extend
the time allowed to discharge the duties of the
commissioners employed to carry into effect the
convention with Prance being taken up and read—
Mr. WILLIAMS said he had heard no good
reason why this time should be extended to this
board of commissioners. He must, therefore,
oppose it.
Mr. ARCHER suggested to the honorable mem-
ber that this opposition should be postponed until
the bill was before the House.
It was then laid aside, and ordered to be reported
to the House.
On motion of Mr. ARCHER, the bill to extend
the time to carry into effect the convention with
the King of the Two Sicilies, was also taken up
and considered.
The consideration of the appropriation bill was
then resumed.
The amendment proposed by Mr. Selden, to
restrict the district attorneys of the United States
from bringing separate actions on custom-house
bonds, and to compel them to consolidate them,
to prevent unnecessary expenses thereon, being
pending—
Mr. D1CKERS0N submitted an amendment in
lieu thereof, in substance to provide that no money
shall be paid as costs to the district attorneys,
unless the courts shall certify that the costs were
justly due.
Mr. SELDEN'entered into an explanation, to
show thatthis would not fully meet the evils which
he wished to remedy.
Mr. S. said his proposition was, that no more
costs should be paid to the district attorney than
if they had consolidated all the claims which could
be consolidated. This threw the burden of proof
upon the attorneys. He did not charge the attor-
ney of the southern district of New York with any
improper conduct. He presumed he had followed
the example set him by his predecessors in office.
In Philadelphia he knew of a case in which seven
hundred indictments were prosecuted on seven
hundred chests of tea improperly taken from the
custom-house. Other abuses of the same kind
•were practised under the present law.
Mr. WAYNE said, the gentleman from New
York seemed to go upon the ground that there
•were abuses to be corrected. If the gentleman
■would suspend his measure, he would pledge him-
self that the subject should be properly investi-
gated by the Judiciary or some other committee,
and proper means resorted to, to correct any exist-
ing abuses. Por reasons which he referred to, he
considered the appropriation bill as an improper
place for introducing the measure.
Mr. GULLET opposed the amendment, and
stated that the bill did not make any provision for
costs in civil suits, and the amendment would,
therefore, be inapplicable and inoperative.
Mr. HUNTINGTON advocated the amend-
ment. If the amendment passed, no matter
whether the bill provided for costs in civil suits or
not, no Solicitor of the Treasury would pay costs
except in cases where it appeared that the suits
were properly brought, being joined in one action,
where they could legally and properly be joined
Mr. DICKERSON did not think, he said, that
an appropriation bill afforded a proper occasion
for regulating the mode of conducting suits, but
he was willing to carry into effect the laws as they
exist. He would remind the attorneys and the
courts that it was their duty to see that suits were
properly brought.
Mr. BEARDSLEY said this was a very proper
subject to be sent to a committee for inquiry as to
the existence of abuses and the means of correct-
ing them. But he did not think the proposition
of his colleague would remedy the evil, even if it
could be properly introduced in an appropriation
bill.
Messrs. HORACE EVERETT, SELDEN,
CAMBRELENG, GILLET, BURGES, and
TURRILL, made some remarks upon the ques-
tion; after which the amendments to the amend-
ment were rejected; and the question being taken
on the original amendment proposed by Mr. SEL-
DEN, it appeared that a quorum had not voted.
Mr. ADAMS, of Massachusetts, suggested to
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Selden,] the
expediency of bringing the subject of his amend-
ment before the Judiciary Committee, with a view
to its permanent settlement.
The question being again taken, the amendment
was rejected.
Mr.'McICAY stated that he should, in the House,
move an amendment restricting the appropriations
for the courts of the United States, in theTerrito-
j ries, to cases arising under the laws of the United
States. The estimate of the expenses for the courts
intheTerritoryofFlorida,fortheyear,wasp7,000,
more than was expended in twelve of the sover-
eign States of this Union. This happened from
the fact that the money was expended upon the
cases arising under the local laws of the Territory.
His amendment would also apply to the courts in
the District of-Columbia, where §42,000 were,
according to the estimates, to be expended this
year, more than was expended in the fifteen or
sixteen States of the Union. It was high time,
he said, that this monstrous abuse should be cor-
rected.
Mr. VANCE moved to strike out the following
clause:
For the salaries of registers and receivers of
land offices where there are no sales, $3,500.
After a few words from Messrs. POLK, Mc-
KAY, VANCE, and BURGES, the motion was
put and rejected.
Mr. ASHLEY moved to amend the bill, by in-
serting the following:
For surveying the lands in the southwestern
part of Missouri, lately purchased from the Cataw-
ba tribe of Indians, #20,000.
Mr. FOOT objected, and said, as sixty thousand
dollars was already proposed to be given for the
surveying of public lands, in addition to the unex-
pended balanceof former appropriations, he would
move to strike out the words "in addition to,"
and insert " including," so as to put limits to the
amount to be granted for this purpose.
Mr. ASHLEY sustained his amendment; which
was finally agreed to.
Mr. WHITE, of Florida, opposed the amend-
ment proposed by Mr. Foot, as, he said, if it was
adopted, it would press more severely on the Ter-
ritory which he had the honor to represent, than
any other. The acquisitions made from the In-
dians recently, which required to be surveyed,
made it necessary, fro'm a due regard to the in-
terest of the United States.
Mr. POLK explained the amount of unexpend-
ed balances on hand.    After which,
Mr. FOOT consented to withdraw his amend-
ment.
The following items were then severally agreed
to:
For surveying the public lands, in addition to
the unexpended balance of former appropriations,
sixty thousand dollars.
For the salaries of two keepers of the public
archives in Florida, one thousand dollars.
For compensation to the recorder, two commis-
sioners, and translator for the final adjustment of
private land claims in Missouri, per act of ninth
July, eighteen hundred and thirty-two, including
an unexpended balance of former appropriations of
eight hundred and ninety-two dollars and seventy-
two cents, the sum of five thousand one hundred
and seven dollars and twenty-eight cents.
For contingent expenses and office rent of said
board, five hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said board, for
eighteen hundred and thirty-four, including com-
pensation to the agent employed to convey the an-
nual report of the board to the seat of Government,  I
including also expenses incurred by commissioners
in taking testimony, and for payment of balance
of claims admitted in due couise of settlement at
the Treasury, one thousand nine hundred and
thirty-eight dollars and sixty-two cents.
For stationery and books for the offices of com-
missioners of loans, one thousand two hundred
dollars.
For registers of ships and vessels, and lists of
crews, two thousand three hundred dollars.
Mr. McKAY inquired why the amount for mis-
cellaneous claims should be increased to 20,000
dollars ?
Mr. POLK moved to reduce the amount to
12,000 dollars.    Agreed to.
For the salaries of the Ministers of the United
States to Great Britain, France, Spain, and Russia,
36,000 dollars.
Mr. FOOT moved to strike out " Great Britain
and Russia," and to reduce the amount to 18,000
dollars.
Mr. F. said, as an appropriation of this nature
had been made last year for ambassadors to those
courts, where there had been no ambassadors, the
amount ought to be at present in the Treasury, and
was therefore unnecessary.
Mr. ARCHER said the statement was incorrect;
that although the appropriations were made, they
had been exhausted for the objects which they
were intended. He presented an account of the
expenditures out of these appropriations for charge
d'affaires, and other expenses of these courts.
Mr. FOOT inquired by what authority a spe-
cific appropriation was applied to other objects by
the department, from one object to another.
Mr. ARCHER considered that the appropria-
tions were made to the ministers to foreign coun-
tries, whether going there as ambassadors, charge
d'affaires, or other designation.
Mr. FOOT remarked that there was a distinc-
tion kept up in the bill, by which separate appro-
priations for all the grades employed------
Mr. ARCHER meant to say that there was no
power in the House to dictate to the President what
grade of ministers heshould send to foreign courts.
Be maintained that the appropriations having been
employed, as he had shown them to be, was not
an improper transfer of money appropriated from
one object to another.
After some remarks from Mr. WAYNE,
Mr. J. a. ADAMS condemned the practice of
sending ministers abroad for a short period, to re-
ceive the salary and outfit of a whole year, as well
as that of substituting charges, or other minor
grades, to do the duties of the higher grades, as
leading to much expense, and lessening the im-
portance of the country in the eyes of foreigners.
He would vote for the amendment proposed by
the honorable member from Connecticut, as he did
not know there would be any minister appointed
to Great Britain, at least until a nomination was
made, otherwise he feared it would be only en-
couraging the practice of making such appoint-
ments during the recess. With respect to the
Court of Russia, he doubted whether it was neces-
sary to have a minister there.
Mr. DAVIS, of South Carolina, seconded the
proposition to strike out, on the ground that, by
the Constitution, until the officers were appointed,
by and with the consent of the Senate, they were
not authorized to make the appropriation. He
was opposed to the whole'diplomatic system of
the Government, on the ground of economy, and
asked what object was there in sending ministers
to England, whilst there was no business to be
transacted there which could not be as well done
by consuls? These officials, he contended at
length, would suffice for all the purposes of com-
merce, and in a well regulated republic there
should not be any other want.
Mr. ARCHER replied to the arguments of the
members who preceded him, and maintained that
there was no misapplication of the sums appropri-
ated, or any violation of the usage heretofore ob-
served. The House had no constitutional power
to interfere with the Executive. He was surprised
at the doubt expressed by the honorable member
from Massachusetts, from him who had himself
represented his country at this very court, with
so much ability, that there was any necessity for a
minister there. Was it not become the first, the
most powerful court in the world ?    Was it not
