1834.                                THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                  3&T
ASHLEY, the bill was committed to the Com-,
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. WHITE, of New York, called up the bill
to legalize certain foreign silver coin; and it was
ordered to be read a third time.
The following bills were ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading:
The act to extend the time for carrying into effect
the treaty with France; and the act to extend the
time for carrying into effect the convention with
the Two Sicilies.
APPROPRIATIONS.
On motion of Mr. POLK, the House went into
Committeeof the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Hubbard in the chair,) upon the general
appropriation bill.
The question being upon Mr. Foot's motion
to strike out Great Britain and Russia, and to in-
sert eighteen instead of thirty-six in the following
clause:
For the salaries of the ministers of the United
States to Great Britain, France, Spain, and Rus-
sia, thirty-six thousand dollars.
Mr. J. Q.. ADAMS rose (he said) to explain
the grounds on which he supported the motion,
and to reply to some remarks which had fallen
from the gentlemen from Virginia [Mr. ArciierJ
and Georgia, [Mr. Wayne.] Thegentleman from
Virginia expressed his surprise that I should
underrate the importance of the mission to Russia.
Ido not (said Mr. A.) underrate it. I know, and
ought to know better than any other member, how
highly important that mission has been to the
interests of this country. He did not attach the
same importance to our relations wiih that Power
now, but still he considered them as sufficiently
important to require the retention of a minister of
the first grade at that court. He objected to the
appropriation of salaries for ministers at courts
where in fact we had only charges des affaires.
There ought not, he thought, to have been an in-
terval of a month in the missions of the first grade
to Great Britain and Russia. Year after year we
had made the appropriations, all the money had
bee  expended, and no ministers had been ap-
pointed. He had yesterday objected to sending
ministers for short terms, with full outfits and sal-
aries, and had remarked that one was sent for the
term of six weeks. In the course of the debate
the gentleman from Georgia had attempted to con-
vert that remark into a personal reflection upon an
individual who was now in his grave. That cir-
cumstance would alone have sealed his lips forever
in relation to his conduct in that mission. He did
not refer to the circumstances of that mission with
a view to censure that individual, for he was now
far beyond the reach of his censure; but he did
mention it as one of the faults of this Administra-
tion. The gentleman from Georgia had brought
before the House the great objects which these
ministers had accomplished. He had alluded
to the number of treaties which had been made,
and the importance of the negotiations carried
through.
Sir, were I to admit that these negotiations were
as honorable to the country as he supposes them
to have been, would that be any answer to the
objection that the salaries of these Ministers are
doubled and trebled by the short term of their
appointment, and that they spent their time at
watering places, &c, instead of spending it in the
duties of their mission ? Allusions were made to
the arrangement with Great Britain. Heregretted
that this subject had been brought into the discus-
sion. Was there not a gentleman in the other
wing of this building, and another gentleman hold-
ing a high office in this city, whose honor was
concerned in this question, and who could not be
here to answer him on this floor? He would
barely, therefore, on this subject, say, that if we
judged ofthesemarvellous missions by their effects,
he would send gentlemen down to that part of the
Union which was most interested on this subject,
and ask what have been the effects of the colonial
arrangement upon their interests. Not as it would
affect himself, but as it affected others who were
absent, was he unwilling to go into this discus-
sion.
Mr. A. here referred to the annunciation yester-
day made by the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, of the intention of the Presi-
dent to nominate ministers to these courts, during
the session, unless it should be deemed unneces-
sary. He thought the qualification had much
meaning in it. The annunciation appeared to him
to be oracular.
Mr. ARCHER rose to explain. If the gentle-
man would allow him, he would let the House
understand why he used the words of the Secre-
tary of State, in communicating to the House in-
formation on this subject. If he had answered in
any other manner, he might have committed either
the Administration or himself. There was evi-
dently a reservation implied in the reply, but he
would not call it an improper reservation. He did
not choose to put the reply in his own words, and
therefore used the words of the Secretary of State,
who had said to him that the President would
make nominations to Great Britain and Russia,
during the session, unless circumstances should
arise which would render it unnecessary. He
gave the message as it was given to him.
Mr. ADAMS. Precisely so. The honorable
chairman has acted with perfect prudence and pro-
priety. What I simply say is, that what he gave*
to the House is an oracle. It is not my fault, nor
that of the honorable chairman, tftat it is not
understood. The oracle was not intended to be
understood. He took it for granted that these
circumstances would in due time happen, and that
the nominations would not be made. Whenever
the chairman was authorized to say that the nomi-
nations would be made, his objections to the appro-
priations would fall to the ground. He would vote
cordially and heartily for them, if he could have a
pledge that they would be made. Mr. A. concluded
with some further remarks, of a desultory charac-
ter.
Mr. WAYNE had no desire or intention of oc-
cupying the time of the House by pursuing the
course taken by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Adams J Did he consider it to be
proper or necessary, it would not be a difficult task
to show that the present Administration, in its
negotiations, particularly with Great Britain, had
accomplished what the former one had not done.
The gentleman declines soine into the particulars
of the negotiation with Great Britain, because two
distinguished gentlemen who were engaged in
them under appointments by the present Admin-
istration were not present in this House to defend
their conduct. He had only to say, that the con-
duct of those gentlemen on that subject, was part
of the public history of the country, individual
statements from those gentlemen were, therefore,
totally unnecessary. Their conduct was upon
paper, and had become apart of our political annals.
No consideration of delicacy towards those per-
sons, as being absent, should prevent the fullest
discussion that was necessary to throw lightupon
their conduct of this negotiation. The gentleman
had introduced this subject, on the preceding day,
by insinuating that the ministers appointed by the
present Administration had remained but a very
short time at the places of their mission. In refer-
ring to the case of Mr. Randolph, it was natural
¡ to recollect that of Mr. King, who had been sent
'• to negotiate with Great Britain, respecting the
colonial trade, without his instructions. Thegen-
tleman had not been pleased to allude to the send-
ing of Mr. Gallatin, who was directed by the for-
mer Administration to abandon the principles
which had been persisted in by our Government
for a long series of years, and which were the basis
of the instructions given to Mr. Rush in 1824.
Ministers, he believed, had been sent quite as often
by the former Administration as thepresent. He
did not allude to this circumstance as a matter of
reproach; but it would have been atle&st desirable
1 that the ministers sent by the former Aministra-
! tion should have been furnished with the neces-
sary instructions. They might possibly, in that
casé, hove closed the negotiations which were not
finished until it was done by the successor of Mr.
Barbour.     *
If he understood the grounds of apprehension
now expressed by gentlemen, they were, that a
1 minister might be sent to England without the
] consent of the Senate. The House had the au-
I thorny of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
: Aeams] that a minister at London was necessary.
! Why, then, strike the provision for his salary out
I of this bill ?   Is it upon suspicion that the Presi-
dent will not do his duty? Suspicions of that kind
were, perhaps, suitable for newspaper discussions,
but he could not regard them as furnishing any
basis for legislative action. Thegentleman stated,
in the former debate, that the interests of the coun •
try required the appointment of a minister to
London; that a charge d'affaires was not capable,
from his inferior rank, to afford adequate protec-
tion to the interests of the country at that court:
and he now advocates the motion for striking out
the proposed salary for a minister, and proposes
to substitute th« salary of a charge.    He did not
understand the consistency of this course any
more than he did the criticism upon 'the reply
which had been made to the inquiry of the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Affairs.   That
reply had been called oracular.   He could not
imagine why it should be so called in an offensive
sense.  He did not know what other answer could
be given to the inquiry than what had been made.
It was a subject upon which, from the nature of
things, a precise answer could not, and ought not,
to be given.    It might be absolutely necessary to
have a minister sent to England forthwith.    The
customary appropriation for the salary should not
therefore be withheld. On the other hand, a ques-
tion deeply important to the territorial extent of
one of the States of the Union might induce that
State to request that no minister be sent at this
time.    He disclaimed knowing any thing relative
to these affairs which was not equally well known
to others.   As to these inquiries he deprecated
any attempt to go beyond the constitutionalrights
of the House.   If it was rightful to require official
information relative to the intention to send a min-
ister, it was equally so to know who is the person
intended  to be sent; then the question as to the
propriety of the appropriation might turn upon
la discussion of the character and fitness of the
I individual proposed to be nominated.  Such signa
! of the times he deprecated.
|     As to one of the insinuations of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, that a minister had .been
appointed with  permission  to  go wherever he
pleased; what minister had been eo appointed?
In the case of Mr. Randolph no latitude had been
taken which common reason would not justify.
We are daily granting permission to the members
of this House to leave their duties, upon lesspress-
inggrounds than those upon which Mr. Randolph
absented himself for the benefit of his health. To
the other topics alluded to by the gentleman, He
i felt capable of making conclusive replies, bat did
not feel justified in trespassing any further upon
the time of the committee.
Mr. COULTER was anxious that the question
might be divided so as to separate the appropria-
tion for a minister to'Russia, which he was willing
to support, from that to England, which he was
not willing, after having voted in favor of such an
appropriation formerly, and no minister had been
appointed. Congress have placed upon the statute
book their opinion that a minister of the highest
grade should be sent to London. The Executive
has decided otherwise. The dignity and character
of the House now required that the overture which
had been slighted should not be repeated without
a change of circumstances. Mr. C. concluded by
moving to amend the amendment by striking out
England.
Mr. EVANS obtained the floor, but gave way
to
Mr. W. R. DAVIS, who proposed to amend
the bill by adding a proviso, that no minister be
appointed to Russia or England without the con-
sent of the Senate.
Mr. FOOT withdrew his original motion to
strike out, and accepted Mr. DAVIS'S substitute.
Mr. EVANS then proceeded into a prolonged
explanation upon the question of the colonial
trade, which he contended the negotiations under
the present Administration had left worse than it
was found.
Mr. WAYE, in reply to the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Evans,] wentintoahistorical account
! of our controversy with Great Britain on the sub-
ject of colonial intercourse, and contended that
the arrangement made by Mr. McLane was more
favorable to our interests than any which we ever
had before, and that it came nearer to the point of
our claims than any which we ever had, or, pre-
haps, ever can have.  We had, hesaid, established
