368
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May G.
A bill for the relief of Captain Thomas Ap
Catesby Jones,
A bill ior the relief of John H  Maguire, and
A bill for the >-elief oí John Webber                    ,
SPECIAL ORDER.                            I
At a quarter before the usual hour, (one o 'clock,)
Mr. POIN DEXTER stated that the Senate seemed
averse to the consideration of any legislative busi-
ness until the protest had been disposed of, and
moved to proceed to the consideiation of the
special order-, which was agreed to.
president's protest.
The Senate lesumed the-consideration of the
special order, being Mr Bibb's amendment to Mi.
Poindextí,r's íesolution.
Mr. CALHOUN having the floor from the pre-
vious day, spoke at length against the protest of
the President; and on concluding,
Mr. BIBB withdrew his amendment, " that the
protest be not received "
Mr. FORSYTH then spoke in reply to Mr.
Calhoun, in defence of the course of the President,
and in justification of the piote3t, and moved to
strike out all aftei the word ¡esolved in the iesolu-
tions, and insert the following-
1   Resolved, That the message of the President,
protesting against the íesolutions of the Senate of
the 28th of Maich, be entered on the Journals,
accordin? to his request.
2   Resolved, That leaving to the States, to whom
the Senate is alone responsible, to judge whether
the resolution complained of is, or is not, within
the constitutional competency pf this body, and
called for by the pi esent condition of public affairs,
an authenticated copy of the oiiginal íesolution,
with a list of the ayes and noes, of the President's
message, and of those resolufons be prepared by
the Secretary, and transmitted by the Vice Presi-
dent to the Governor of each State of the Union,
to be by him laid before the Legislatures, at their
next session, as the only authority authorized to
decide upon the opinions and conduct of the Sen-
ators respectively.
Mr. FORSYTH, however, withdrew the amend-
ment for the present, to enable Mr CALHOUN
to offer the following as an amendment to Mr
Poindfxter's resolution:
Jtesohed, That the Presidentofthe United States
has no right to send a protestto theSenateagainst
any of its proceedings.
Rtwived, That the Senate do not receive the
protest of the President
Uponthesepropositions,Mr CALTIOUNasked
the yeas and nays, whiih weie ordered.
Mr PRESfON then spoke at some length
against the principles contained in the protest, but
in favor of receiving the document.
Mr. WEBSTER also fjlbwed bnefly on the
same side, and moved that the questions ue taken
separately on Mr. Calhoun's propositions
Mr CLAYTON then expressed a wish that Mr.
Calhoun would withdiaw his second resolution.
This Mr Q. yieldtd to, but it was opposed by
Mr. FORSYTH, and as it required the unanimous
consent of the Senate to withdiaw—
Mr. CLAY moved to lay the resolution on the
table.
The motion was decided to be out of order, (Mr.
King, of Alabama, in the chair,) on the ground
that the two resolutions were one amendment.
Mr CLAY appealed from the decision of the
Chair; and
Mr. FORSYTH asked the yeas and nays on the
appeal; which were ordered, and are as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Bell, Benton, Black, Brown,
Calhoun, Ewmg, Forsyth, Frelmglmysen, Grun-
dy, Hendricks, Hill, Kane, Kent, King of Geor-
gia, Knight, Leigh, Linn, McKean, Poindexter,
Poiter, Prentiss, Robbins, Shepley, Silsbee,
Smith, Swift, Tallmadge, Tipton, Tomlmson,
Tyler, Webster, White, Wilkins, Wright—34
NAYS—Messrs. Clay, Clayton, Naudain, and
Sprague—4
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The question recurring on Mi  Calhoun's first
.resolution, was then  taken, and decided in the
affirmative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Bell, Bibb, Black, Calhoun,
Clay, Clayton, Ewmg, Frehnghuysen, Kent,
Knight, Leigh, Naudain, Pomdexter, Porter,
Prentiss, Preston,  Robbins, Silsbee,   Sprague,
Sm.th, Swift, Tomlmson, Tyler, Waggaman,
Webster—25
NAYS—Vlessis Benton, Brown, Forsyth,
Giundy, Hendricks, Hill, Kane, King of Alaba-
ma, King oí Georgia, Linn, McKean, Shepl«y,
Tallmadge, Tipton, White, WilkiM, Wright—17
The question then recurring on the second íeso-
lution, was decided in the negative, as follows
YEAS—Messrs Cahoun, Clayton, Ewmg,
Leigh, Naudain, Poindexter, Roboms—7
NAYS—Messrs. Bell, Benton, Black, Brown,
Clay, Forsyth, Frehnghuysen, Grundy, Hen-
dricks, Hill, Kane, Kent, King of Alabama, King
of Georgia, Kmghi, Linn, McKean, Mooie, Por-
ter, Pientiss, Pieston, Shepley, Silsbee, Santh,
Sprague, Swift, Tallmadge, Tipton, Torn'mson,
Tyler, Webster, White, Wilmns, Wright—34
The question coming up on Ml Forsyth's
resolution,
Mr FORSYTH made a few remarks in sup-
port of it, when the question on its adoption was
taken, and decided m the negative, as follows-
YE VS—Messrs Benton, Blown, Forsyth,
Grundy, Hendricks, Hill, Kane, King of Ala
bama, King of Georgia, Linn, McKean, Shepley,
Tallmadge, Iipton, White, Wilkins, Wright—17.
NAYo—Messis Bel!, Bibb, Black, Calhoun,
Clay, Clayton, Ewmg, Fielinghuysen, Kent,
Knight,Leigh, Mooie,Naudiin, Poinde-iter,Por-
ter, Prentiss, Pieston, Robbins, Silsbee, Smith,
Spiague, Swift, Tomlmson, Tyler, Webstei—25
The question recurring on Mi. Poindcxier's
resolution,
Mr WEBSTER rose, and expressed a wish to
be heatd, wheieupon,
On motion of Mi  POINDEXTER,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 6, 1834
Mr. MITCHELL reported a bill for the relief
of John Ashton     Read twice and committed
Mr STEWART repotted a bill for the im-
provement of the steamboat navigation fiom Pitts-
burg to Brownsville, Pennsylvania; which was
lead twice and committed
Mr. BURGES reported a bill for the relief of
Ephuam F. Gilbert; which was read twice and
committed
Mi. GARLAND, of Louisiana, by unanimous
consent, presented several memorials, and lesolu-
tions relative to individual claims, which were
referí ed to the appropriate committees.
Mr HIE3TLR íepoited a bill to incorporate
the Fuendship Benevolent Society of the City and
County of Washington, which was read twice and
commuted
Mi. CAVE JOHNSON reported a bill direct-
ing ihe running out and marking the line of the
Chickasaw nation, which was read twice and com-
mitted
On motion of Mr WILLIAMS, the House, by
unanimous consent, took up the bill heretofore
reported fiom the Committee on Teintones,
foi regulating the election of the Legislative Coun-
cils of Flonda,andfoi othei purposes, wluUi was
read and oidered to be engrossed fora thud reading
The íesolution heretofore presented by Mi
M\r.Dis, declaring that provision should be made
by law for the deposites of public money in the
State banks, then came up, upon the amendment
proposed by Mr Corwiv, declaring that the de-
posites of public money should be íestored to the
Bank of the United States.
Mi. GALBRA1TH, who was entitled to the
flooi from a former day, addressed the House m
support of the oiigmal resolution, and in opposi-
tion to the amendment. Mr. G. went into a vin-
dication of the proceedings of the Legislature of
Pennsylvania, and of the views expressed by
Governor Wolf, in reply to the views heretofore
expressed by Mr MoKknnan upon this subject
Before Mr G concluded, the hour appropriated
to morning business expired, and, on motion of
Mr. BOON, the House proceeded to the order of
the day.
CONTESTED ELECTION PROM KENTUCKY.
Mr. SEABORN JONES, from the Committee
of Elections, made a report relative to the contest-
ed seat in the House between R P Letcher and
T. P Moore, m which the facts lelative to the
election weie stated m de'ail Ihe iepoit con-
cludes that Mi Moori, has a majority of either
44 or 49 votes, accoidmg as a certain principle
should be recognised oi ujected,and rtcoii.menda
the adoption oí two resolutions, importing, m sub-
stance—                       •
1    That Thomas P Moorl is entitled to the
seat in the House, from the Fifth Congressional
Diítuct of Kentucky
2   That R P Lftcher shall be entitled to the
compensation of a member of Congress during his
attendance on the House the pi esent session.
Aftei the report had been lead—
Mr JONES moved that the further considera-
tion of this subject be postponed until Tuesday
next, and that the report be printed
Mi BA.NKS moved to amend the proposition
to print, by oidenng the evidence to be printed
The SPC1KCR inquired whether the gentle-
man fiom Georgia, [Mr Jones,] would accept the
amendment as a modification of his motion '
Mr JONES said he eould not, agreeably to his
instructions fiom the Committee of Elections, ac-
cept the amendment The evidence in this case
amounted to 1800 pages. If tnisamendment waa
adopted, judging from the progress of the printing
ordered by the House, the papers would not be
printed and the case prepared for investigation,
during the present session The evidence might
be printed by the commencement of the next ses-
sion, but it would not be possible for the members
of the House to investigate the testimony during
the next session He felt justified in making this
statement from the time taken in the investigation
by the committee Though it had permission to
sit during the sessions of this House, and the can-
didates had furnished them with completeabstiaets
of their objec ions, the committee had not found
themselves able to iepoit until this time If it is
expected that the membeis should wade through
thi¡> immense mass of papers, he could not pei-
ceive the advan age of refei ring the question to the
committee at all. Almost the whole of the session
had been spentmatcei taming the facts which were
stated in the leport He could not consent to put
the nation, under these circumstances, to the great
expense of punting these papers
Mi HARDIN caid, thojgh theie were eighteen
hundred pages of manuscript, he had satisfied him-
self that it would not make moiethan twohundied
and fifty printed pages Ihe gentleman fiom Geor-
gia [Mr Jones] had some days past apprised him
that it was not proposed by the committee to re-
commend the printing of the testimony. He had
inquired of the printer of the House how long it
would requue to have this testimony printed, and
was informed that it could be done at the rate of
one hundred pages a day. The whole might,
therefore, be punted in less than three days. It
appeared by the report that many votes had been
excluded upon principles, the application of which
depended uponcontested facts Therewereques-
tions of residence, of infancy, of double %'otirg,
and a variety of matters of faU which could not be
propeily decided without knowing the testimony.
One person migtit take one view of it, another per-
son another view. He was not to take opinions
upon trust He must examine these papers for
himself This question had agitated the State of
Kentucky from one end to the other. It involved
the most important right of the citizen—the right
of suffrage. It could not be properly decided, un-
less the documents were furnished, upon which
decision was to be made. And he must be per-
muted to say, that among the various parties into
which the House was divided—of which he enu-
merated six or seven—there was upon the com-
mittee no individual of the party to which Mr.
Letcher belonged.
Mr HARDIN inquired of the Clerk whether
the evidence had been reported >
Mi JONES remarked that the evidence had not
been reported, but it was m the committee room,
and could be brought down for the inspection of
gentlemen.
The remainder of the day was occupied in dis-
cussing the question of printing all the documents
connected with the subject, which prevailed, and
the subject was postponed to Tuesday next.
The House then adjourned.
