1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
371)
Parks, Parker, Patton, Patterson, Dutee J.Pearce,
Franklin Pierce, Peyton, Pierson, Plummer, Polk,
Pope, Schley, A. H- Shepperd, Shinn, Speight,
Standifer, Stewart, Sutherland, William Taylor,
Thomson, Turnll, Vanderpoel, Van Houten,
Wagener, Ward, Wardwell, Webster, and Whal-
Ion—97.
Mr. WILDE moved to strike from the bill the
item which provides for the compensation and
expenses of an agent to Havana^to procure the
archives of Florida. Mr. W. stated the grounds
of his motion. There was no law creating this
office, and no appointment by the confirmation of
the Senate of any such officer.
Mr. POLK held in his hand the correspondence
of the Secretary of State and Attorney General
on this subject.   The archives in question involved
the titles to public lands of immense value, and ¡
had been withheld in contravention of the treaty j
of 1819.    Mr. P. went into an explanation of the ¡
object and duties of this agency, and referred to a j
former law sanctioning the appointment.                 |
After some remarks from Messrs. WILDE and I
McKAY, in reply, the motion to strike out was .
lost—yeas 49, nays 91.                                               j
YEAS—Messrs. John Gtuiocy Adams, Heman i
Allen, John J. Allen, Barringer, Bates, Beatty, ;
J. Al. Bell, Binney, Campbell, Chilton, Chinn,
Corwin, Crane, Darlington, Amos Davis, Denny,
Dickson, Evans, Ewing, P. C. Fuller, Garland,
Griffin, Hiland Hall, Hardin, James Harper,
Hawes, Hazeltine, Hiester, Jabez W. Hunting-
ton, Jackson, Seaborn Jones, King, Lay, Lewis,
Lincoln, McKay, Milligan, Pinckney, Potts, Sel-
den, Augustine H. Shepperd, Sloane, Spangler,
Turner, Watmough, Elisha Whittlesey, Wilde,
Wise, and Young—49.                                             ,
NAYS—Messrs. John Adams, William Allen,
Anthony, Beale, Bean, Beardsley, Beaumont,
Blair, Bodle, Briggs, Bunch, Burd, Burns, Casey,
Chaney, Clark, Clay, Connor, Coulter, Day, De-
berry, Philemon Dickerson, David W. Dickinson,
Dunlap, Horace Everett, Forester, Fowler, Wil-
liam K. Fuller, Gamble, Halsey, Hamer, Ilanne-
gan, Joseph M. Harper, Harrison, Hathaway,
Hawkins, Henderson, Howell, Hubbard, Abel
Huntington, Jarvis, Richard M. Johnson, Cave
Johnson, Benjamin Jones, Kavanagh, Kinnard,
Lane, Lansing, Luke Lea, Thomas Lea, Leavitt,
Loyal!, Joel K. Mann, Mardis, Moses Mason,
McIntire,McKim,McLene, Miller, RobertMitch-
ell, Murphy, Osgood, Page, Parks, Parker, Pat-
ton, Dutee J. Pearce, Franklin Pierce, Peyton,
Pierson, Plummer, Polk, Ramsay,Schley,Siiinn,
Smith, Speight, Standifer, Stewart, Sutherland,
William Taylor, Thomson, Tompkins, Turrill,
Vanderpoel, Van Houten, Wagener, Ward,
Wardwell, Webster, Whallon, Frederick Whit-
tlesey—91.
Mr. McKAY then moved his proposed proviso
to the appropriation for additional clerks in the
General Post Office, declaring that it was not in-
tended to sanction the employment of clerks not
provided for by law hereafter.
It was   opposed   by  Messrs.   HARDIN   and
. CONNOR, and was negatived without division.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time on Monday.
The House then, at one o'clock, a.m., adjourned
over to Monday.
IN SENATE.
Monday, May 12, 1834.
A message upon executive business was received
from the President of the United States, by Mr.
Donelson, his Private Secretary.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Franklin, thei r Clerk, stating
that they had passed the general appropriation bill
for the civil and diplomatic expenditures of the
Governmentfor the year 1834; and also the army
appropriation bill for the same year.
PETITIONS.
Mr. WEBSTER presented the memorial of
near fourteen hundred citizens of Rochester, New
York, praying a restoration of the deposites to the
Bank of the United States, and a recharter of said
institution. Also, a memorial of a similar charac-
ter from M.fflin county, Pennsylvania; and the
ptooeedings of a meeting- of citizens, of Detroit,
Michigan Territory, of a like nature.                      '
All of which were referred to the Committee on
Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. McKEAN presented thememorial of ninety-
six inhabitants of Chester county, Pennsylvania,
in favor of the restoration of the deposites to the
Bank of the United States, anda recharter of that
institution.
Also, the proceedings of a meeting in Cumber-
land county, Pennsylvania, of a similar nature.
And a memorial of inhabitants of Luzerne
county, Pennsylvania, sustaining the Executive
in the course pursued towards the Bank of the
United States, praying that thedeposites may not
be restored to that institution, or that the same be
rechartered.
All of which were referred to the Committee on
Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the memorial of one
thousand seven hundred and ninety-six inhabit-
ants of Livingston county, New York, praying a
recharter of the Bank of the United States, and a
restoration of the deposites to the same.
Also, a memorial of six hundred and ninety-
eight inhabitants of Warren "county, New York,
sustaining the Executive, and against a recharter
of the bank, or a restoration of the deposites.
And the memorial of eight hundred and ten citi-
zens of Schenectady county, New York, of a like
character of the preceding.                                         |
All of which were referred to the Committee on j
Finance, and ordered to be printed.                          ¡
Mr HENDRICKS presented the petition of!
John T. Towers, praying to be compensated for ¡
medical services rendered during the prevalence of ,
the cholera in the city of Washington, in 1832;
which was referred to the Committee on the Dis- j
trict of Columbia.                                                        j
REPORTS.                                   j
Mr. POINDEXTER, from the Committee on !
¡ Public Lands, to whom it had been recommitted,!
I reported a bill with amendments, to authorize the ¡
relinquishment of the lG.h sections, being lands I
' set apart for the benefit of schools, and to enter i
I other lands in lieu thereof.   The bill, on motion j
of Mr. Poindexter, was laid on the table.
i     Mr. POINDEXTER, from the same commit- I
¡ tee, reported a bill reviving the act of 3d March,
\ l¡ál7, to authorize the saleof four sections of ¡and '
j in Alabama to certain French emigrants, for the j
j cultivation of the vine and olive.                                |
|    Mr. TOMLiNSON, from the Committee on Pen- |
] sions, reported a bill withoutamendment, granting
pensions to certain persons therein named.
Mr. BELL, from the Committee on Claims,
reported a bill without amendment, for the relief
of John S. Flemming.
Mr. BELL, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, lepoited a bid extending the patent right of
John Ames, for certain improvements in the manu-
facture of paper.
And, also, a bill from the House of Representa-
tives for the relief of Francis B. Ogden.                  I
Mr. CLAYTON, from the Committee on the i
Judiciary, reported a bill adjusting the northern |
boundary line of the State of Ohio.    The report
was read; when, on motion of
Mr. EWING, one thousand extra copies were ¡
ordered to be printed. '                                             j
Mr. CLAYTON, from the Committee on the '
Judiciary, reported  a bill equalizing   the repre-
sentation in the  Territory of Florida,  without
amendment.                                                                 i
Mr. TYLER, from the Committee on Finance, ,
reported a bill for the relief of part of the crew of j
the brig Sarah George.                                              j
Mr. WEBSTER, from the Committee on Fi- ;,;
nance, reported abill from the House of Represent- i
atives, authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury ','■
to remit certain duties chargeable to Aaron Bald- ]
win, on part of the cargo of the brig Despatch. !!
Mr. WEBSTER, from the same committee,'
reported a lull without amendment, for the relief!
of Ezekiel Foster and Company.                             |
Mr. TALLMADGE, from the Committee on j;
Naval Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of the i!
administrator of Michael Hogan, deceased. The j I
report was ordered to be printed.                              I •
Mr. MORRIS made a report from the Com- ||
mittee on Engrossed Bills.                                         !l
Mr! BENTON, agreeably to notice, introduced ¡|
a bill for the relief of Col. A. R Woolley; which ji
wa3 read, and ordered to a third reading.                 ¡I
The following resolutions were submitted:
By Mr. McKEAN:
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions bs
directed to inquire into the expediency and justice
of granting a pension to Thomas Bradford, of
Philadelphia, a captain in the revolutionary war.
By Mr. PORTER:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
I directed to inquire into the expediency of caus-
ing a survey and examination to be made of the
Bull Pass, at the mouth of the P.ayou La Fouche,
in the State of Louisiana, in order to ascertain the
practicability and cost of deepening the same and
rendering it navigable.
By Mr. KANE:
Resolved, That theCommittee on Claims be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of refund-
ing to Pierre Menard the amount of discount and
interest by him paid to the Bank of trie United
Slates on money by the said bank advanced for the
service of the United States.
The last resolution was agreed to, and the
accompanying documents referred to the same
committee.
GENERAL ORDERS.                        %.
The bill from the House of Representatives
making appropriation for the civil and diplomatic
expenditures tor the year 1834, was read by its
title, and, on motion of Mr. WEBSTER, referred
to the Committee on Finance.
The following bills were read a third time and
¡yassed:
A bill Tor the relief of Luther L Smith;
A bill for the relief of Coleman Fisher;
A bill condemning convicts in the courts of tlte
United States, when sentenced to confinement in
the jails and penitentiaries of the several States,
to similar treatment as convicts confined in those
prisons;
A bill to provide for the legal adjudication and
settlement of the claims to land therein mentioned;
and,
A bill authorizing the Polish exiles, lately ar-
rived in this country, to locate a township ot land
in the State of Illinois or Territory of Michigan.
On the passage of this bill, Mr. WAGGAMAN
asked for the yeas and nays; which were ordered,
and are as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Calhoun, Clay, Clay-
ton, Ewing, Frtlinghuysen, Kent, King of Geor-
gia, Knight, McKean, Moore, Morris, Naudain,
Poindexter, Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Robbing,
Silsbee, Smith, Tallmadge, Tipton, Tomlinsón,
Webster, Wilkins—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Black, Brown, Grundy, Hen-
dricks, Hill, Kane, King of Alabama, Robinson,
Shepley, Swift, Tyler, Waggaman, White,
Wright—14.
SPECIAL ORDER.
The bill to authorize the people of the Territory
of Arkansas to form a constitution and State
government, and for the admission of such State
into the Union upon an equal footing with the
original States, in all respects whatsoever, was
taken up.
Mr. EWING moved that the bill be laid upon
the table; which motion was taken by yeas and
navs, and decided in the affirmative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Calhoun, Clay, Clayton,
Ewing, Frelinghuysen, Kent. King of Georgia,
Knight, Moore, Naudain, Poindexter, Porter,
Prentiss, PtObbins,SiIsbee, Smith, Sprugue, Swift,
Tomlinson, Waggaman, Webster—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Brown, Black, Grun-
dy, Hendricks, Hill, Kane, Kmgof Alabama, Mc-
Kein, Mangum, Morris. Robinson,Shepley,Tall-
madge, Tipton, Tyler, Wlii:e, Wilkins, Wright
—19:
The report of the committee on the Rhode Island
election wr.s then taken up.
Mr. WRIGHT intimated a wish on the partof
Mr. Potter, who contests the seat of Mr. Bob-
bins, that the subject should be postponed to Mon-
day next; and the Senate complied with the request.
Mr. BIBB called up his resolutions amending
the Constitution of the United'States; when, on
his motion, the resolutions were made the order
of the day for Thursday next.
The report of the Committee on Claims, unfavor-
able to the petition of Samuel Hardesty; and
The report of the Committee  on Commerce^
