880
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
unfavorable to the petition of tlfe owners of the
schooner Fair Lady;
Were severally read, and concurred in.
On motion of Mr. WILKINS, the Senate pro-
ceeded to ballot for a member of the Committeeon
Foreign Relations, vacated by the resignation of the
Honorable William C. Rives; whereupon Mr.
Clay waa chosen.
THE PENSION FUND.
Mr. CLAYTON moved to take up for consider-
ation the report of the Judiciary Committee on
the message of the President relative to the Uni-
ted States Bank and the pension fund; agreed to.
Mr. CLAYTON made some remarks in favor
of adopting the report, and concluded by moving
an amendment to the resolution, that the Secretary
of War has no authority to appoint a pension
agent, except when specially authorized to do so
by act of "Congress; which was agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT then expressed a wish to give
his views upon this subject, and moved to post-
pone it till to-morrow; which was agreed to.
The Senate then took up the joint resolution
reported by the Library Committee, accepting the
.Aronze statue of Thomas Jefferson, presented by
Lieutenant Levy, and directing it to be placed in
the centre of the public square east of'the Capitol,
On motion of Mr. ROBBINS, the report was
concurred in, and the resolution adopted.
The resolution authorizing the purchase of thir-
teen copies of the American State Papers was
taken up for consideration.
The resolution was supported by Messrs. FRE-
LlNGHUYSEN and EWING, on the ground
that the .work was indispensable to members of
Congress in the performance of their legislative
duties; that the work was already printed, and
the object was only to supply those newjSenators
who had not obtained them..
Mr. KING, of Georgia, opposed the resolution
on constitutional grounds—that it was taking
money out of the Treasury for the purchase of
books for the private libraries of members, with-
out an appropriation by law; and that any other
works might, with the same propriety, be pur-
chased, and to any amount and extent. He admit-
ted that works might be purchased which were
necessary for the use of the members in the per-
formance of their public duties, but that they
should be confined to the office, and not be given
as an absolute property to the officer.
Mr. K. moved to lay the resolution on the taWe
for-the balance of the season; which was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. K. then moved an amendment, that the
books should be left in the hands of the Secretary
of the Senate, by the Senators, at the termination
of their service, for the use of their successors;
which was negatived.               ,
The question recurring on the adoption of the
resolution, Mr, K. asked the yeas and nays; which
were ordered, and are as follows, to svit:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Bibb, Clay, Ewing, Pre-
Iinghuysen, Hendricks, Kent, Knight, McKean,
Moore, Naudain, Poindexter, Prentiss, Robbins,
Robinson, Silsbee/rallmadgejTipton^rbmlinson,
and Wilkins—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Black, Calhoun,
Grundy, Hill, Kane, King of Alabama, King of
Georgia, Linn, Mangum, Morris, Shepley, and
White—13.
So the resolution was agreed to; and it was then
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time.
On motion of Mr. POINDEXTER, the Senate
then proceeded to the consideration of executive
business; when, after spending some time therein,
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, May 12, 1834.
The memorial of sundry citizens of Savannah,
heretofore presented bj Mr. Wayne, having been
postponed to this day, came up.
Mr. PATTON, in consequence of the absence
from his seat of the gentleman from Georgia,
moved that the further consideration of this sub-
ject be postponed to Monday next.
Mr. DU1JCAN wished to get rid of discussion
on the subject, and moved to lay the memorial on
the table, and print.
Mr. E. WHITTLESEY appealed to the gen-
tleman from Illinois whether, in the absence of
the gentleman who had charge of this memorial,
courtesy did not render it proper to withdraw his
motion to lay on the table..
Mr. DUNCAN declined.
The motion to lay on the table was negatived.
The further consideration of the memorial was
then postponed to Monday next.
The consideration of the memorial from citizens
of Ontario county, New York, which had been
postponed to this day, was further postponed, on
motion of Mr. DICKSON, to Monday next.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The consideration of the memorial from citizens
of Oneida county, which Mr. Selben moved to
refer to a select committee, which had been post-
poned from last Monday, having come up—
Mr. SELDEN, who was entitled to the floor,
said he was willing, at the request of the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, to suspend
his remarks until the third reading of the appro-
priation bill could begone through with.
Mr. POLK hoped the House, by unanimous
consent, would take up and dispose of the appro-
priation bill.
It being objected to—
Mr. POLK moved the rules of the House be
suspended, in order that the engrossed appropria-
tion bill might now be read a third time.
The motion to suspend the rules was carried:
Ayes 101, noes 31.
The engrossed bill making appropriations for
the civil and diplomatic expenses of Government
for the year 1834 was then read a third time, and
passed.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. POLK moved that the House consent to
take up the bill for the support of the Army for
1834, whfch had been returned from the Senate
with amendments, in order that it be recommitted.
The House, by unanimous consent, took up the
bill.
Mr. POLK said the amendments made in the
Senate introduced a small appropriation for cer-
tain militia employed against Black Hawk and his
followers, which had been submitted to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and was assented to
by every member of that committee. As it was
necessary, by the rules, that the amendment pass
through the Committee of the Whole, he hoped
the House would refer the bill to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and for a
moment go into that committee, in order to dispose
of the amendment.
The motion of Mr. POLK to that effect having
been agreed to—
The House resolved itself into a Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Briggs
in the chair.)
The amendments having been read—
Mr. POLK said the Committee of Ways and
Means had examined the papers upon which these
amendments* were founded, and had unanimously
agreed to recommend a concurrence with them.
The Committee of the Whole agreed to the
amendments without a dissenting voice, when the
committee rose, and reported the bill to the House
as amended.
The House then concurred in the amendment
without a division.
On motion of Mr. STEWART, the bill from the
Senate for the repair of the Cumberland road was,
by unanimous consent, taken up, twice read, and
referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
' Mr. ASHLEY offered the following resolution,
by consent of the House:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be required
to furnish this House with a report of the officer
of the corps of engineers, who, as it appears from
the annual report of the Chief Engineer, was in-
structed to make an inspection of the Cumberland
road and its concerns in Illinois, in 1833.
Which by the rule lies one day.
The following resolution, heretofore offered by
Mr. Selden, in connexion with the memorial of
sundry citizens of the county of Oneida, in the
State of New York, came up:
Resolved, That a committee, consisting of one
member from each State, be appointed to consider
and report, in form of a bill, a plan for a safe and
uniform currency, under the authority of the Uni-
ted States, and that the memorial of the citizens
of the county of Oneida be referred to that com-
mittee.
Mr. SELDEN said he had become satisfied,
after examination of the report of the Committee
of Ways and Means, that the plan proposed by
the majority of that committee was not fitted to
carry their objects relative to the currency into
effect. Mr. S. «discussed some of the features of
the report, and replied at length to the ¡euiarks
made by Mr. Beakdsley, when this subject was
before the House on Monday last. His colleague
(he said) had stated that it would have afforded
him pleasure to have presented the memorial. It
was proper for him to state, that the gentleman had
an opportunity of presenting this memorial, and
had declined doing so. Mr. S. then referred to
exertions which had been made by bis colleague
to procure the establishment of a branch of the
Bank of the United States at Utica.
Mr. BEARDSLEY said it was unequivocally
untrue that he had ever made such exertions.
Mr. SELDEN said he had stated what was
generally reported and believed to be true on that
point. Mr. S. went at length mto the propriety
of having a digested plan relative to the currency,
prepared in case the bill reported by the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means did not become a law.
His constituents (he said) were of opinion that
the financial concerns of the nation required the
institution of a national bank.
Mr. BEARDSLEY said the remarks of his col-
league, [Mr. Selden,] relative to his agency in the
establishment of a branch of the Bank of the Uni-
ted States at Utica, in 1830, rendered it proper for
him to make a few remarks. He had never be-
fore heard of any siich agency being laid to his
charge. He had certainly heard and seen in news-
papers a great many things, but it had never been
his fortune to meet with this statement before.
Entirely new as it was to him, he did not doubt
but his cojleague had both seen and heard what he
had stated to the House. He would frankly state
all he knew or had heard, which had the most
remote hearing on this subject. Two years ago an
honorable member of the House from Pennsylva-
nia, [alluding to Mr. Wat.uodgii,] showed him a
paper purporting to be a copy of a petition for the
establisbmentof a branch bank at Utica, and which
was dated in or about the year 1824, and to v/hich
his name was attached. Mr. B. said he informed
the gentleman from Pennsylvania at that time that
he had no recollection of signing any such paper;
nor did he believe he ever did sign it; that'as far
as he could pretend to recollect his views at that
time, he was satisfied he could not have signed it;
that he desired the gentleman from Pennsylvania
to procure the original, but from that day to this,
(Mr. B. said,) he had neither seen nor heard any-
thing further about the copy or the original.
My colleague (said Mr. B.) seems to regard it
as extraordinary that I should say it would have
given me pleasure to present this memorial, had it
been forwarded to me for that purpose; especially
as the honorable gentleman thinks it remarkable,
inasmuch as I had, as he says, severely criticised
the memorial. Sir, I would gladly have presented
this memorial: it was from my constituents, and I
shall certainly ever be read y to present their wishes
here, although 1 may not be able to agree with the
views which are expressed by the memorialists.
It is true that my honorable colleague did state to
me that he had received a memorial from my dis-
trict, and he inquired whether he should present
it, or whether I should. He certainly did not sug-
gest to me that those wh'o had sent it to him had
expressed any wish or willingness that it should
be handed .to me for presentation. I regarded it
only as an act of civility on his part, and which
courtesy required me to decline. I could not,
under such circumstances, think of taking it out of
his hands, but very willingly left it for the honor-
able gentleman to present. I could not but know
and feel that those who had sent the memorial to
him, did it because they felt a greater confidence in
him than myself, and 1 could not think of break-
ing off this relation by thrusting myself between
the honorable gentleman and those who had com-
municated with him.
My colleague infers that those who established
