1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
883
wi'r was then vntually at an end, with character-
istic disinterestedness, drew up a memorial, and
Bent it to Corgrcsc, requesting tl.em to remove
all objections, by granting a compensation for a
limited period,ora<ompeosa'ion m gross. Incon-
sequence of this memoiial, Concress passed the
resolution of 1783, "gi anting to the officeis of the
' army five years' full pay, instead of the half pay
'piomised foi life." The pieamble to tne lesolu-
tion, Mr. Speaker, contains, ¡n a succinct form,
tne views of tne officers, as well as of Congress,
upon that application, and ab it is short, I beg the
indulgence oí the House wmle I read it.
" Whereas the officers of the several lines under
'the immediate command of his Excellency Gen-
' eral Washington, did, by their late memorial,
' transmitted by their < omn.tttee, represent to Con-
'gress, that the half-pay gi anted by sundry reso-
' lutions, was regaided m an unfavorable light by
' die cit zens of some of these States, who would
' prefer a compensation foi a hunted term of yeais,
'01 oy a sum in groes, to an establishment for life;
' and did on that account solicit a commutation of
' then half pay for an equivalent in one of the two
' modes above mentioned, m orde * to remove all
* subjects of dissatisfaction from the minds of their
'fellow citizens:
" And whereas Congiess is desirous, as well of
'giatifymg the reasonable expectations of theoffi-
'ceis of the army, as of removing all objections
' which may exist in any part of the United States
'to the punciple of the half-pay estabhshment for
' which the faith of the United States hath been
'pledged; pcisuaded that those objections can only
' (i)ise fiom the nature oj the compensation, not J torn
' any mdisposi'ion to compensate those whose set vices,
' s'iciifices, and suffeimgs, have so jut,t a tule to the
' approbation andieuaids of their counh y therefore,
tttsolveJt," &e.
Thus, Mr. Speaker, these brave, these generous
men, who weie entitled, richly entitled, to naif pay
for life, voluntarily submitted the whole subject to
the witdom of Congress They had enteied the
service of their country to conduct her to freedom,
to independence; and they could not consent to
íeceive anything foi their "sciviccs, sacufics, and
S'iffenngs," which was not freely granted by then
feiiow-citizens Mr Speaker, shall we perfotm
this contract' Shall we pay what we have thus
solemnly promised to pay' Shall we discharge a
debt, the creation of which secured to us our free
institutions' Or will this rich, this powerful na-
tion, shield itself behind the statute of limitation '
Why weie not these demands paid when they
became due, and when many of the meiitonous
officers were sufeung for want of the money ' The
reabon is obvious At the close of the war, this
nation was not in a s'tuation to pay a single dollai,
and 1 am not aware that it has ft any time since
tnat period offered to pay these demands.
And wi'l it be sencusly uiged by gentlemen on
this flooi, that we ought not to periorm this con-
tract, made m the houi of our necessity, because
those entitled to commatation have been kept out
of ths uce of their money, unt'l the amount has
become large' I trust not, sir. I am aware, sir,
that certificates were tendel ed to the officers But
did those certificates in the «¡lightest degree increase
the Lability of Government' No, su. They weie
only additional eviuences of prior indebtedness
Many of the officers did not think it en object to
be at the tiouble and expense of obtaining them.
It was natural they should entertain such feelings,
for at that time the credit of the Government was
at such a low ebb, as to preclude all lational hope
of obtaining money for them In the language of
my honorable colleague, [Mr VAMDLrpoEL,] who
addressed the House in opposition to the bill,
"these certificates weie scaicely worth the lags
fiom which the paper was made." Tnose " who
obtained them, weie compelled to sell them for a
mere song "
To the claims of a port.on of the Virg.ma troops,
lapse of time cannot be an objection with any one.
I hat State lesisted the claims of those offers,
suits weie instituted, and a decision was had
against the claimants That decision opera'ed as
an effectual bar to a11 that c'i-ss of cases, until 1830,
when, ipon full atgument, that dec.sion wasovei-
luleil, and the halls of justice again thrown open.
Sit, tor the last twenty yeais, Congiess has been
giving commutation under these resolutions, and
it is too late now, I apprehend, to interpose the
statute of l.mitations against righteous claims
unrighteously denied.
Ti e act of 1898 does not, es has already been
clearly shown by the honorable gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mi. Muhlenberg,] m any way,
affea the claims for commutation. It leaves those
claims precisely a? they were. They still exist m
all their justice, and in all their sacred obligation.
If, then, sir, these claims are to be paid, to what
tribunal, I as't, shall they be referred for settle-
ment' Shall we send them to a lesponsible officer,
every way competent, fiom long experience m
investigations of a similar character, an officer who
will have in his possession all the docuraen'aiy
evidence extant, to show who were in the service,
how long each offieei continued in the service, and
what officers have bee'n paid, either by the State
of Virginia or by the United States' Or shall we
continue to legislate in detail upon each individual
case' This is the main question presented to the
House by the bill on your table. Let it be
remembeied that the proceedings in these cases
aie in their nature stiiuly judicial There is no
legislative discietion whatever to be exercised
Everything depends upon the proof. If that be
sufficient to bring a claim within the resolutions,
it must be allowed as a matter of course It
cannot he resisted or denied, without partiality
and oopression, nor is there any place for the
exercise of discietion as to the amount. It is not
a gratuity, it is a claim, ard the amount is fixed
and certain
For myself, Mi Speaker, I am convinced, from
the little experience I have had upon this floor,
that thtS is not the proper place for the sett'ement
of such demands Youi committees to which these
applications are refeneJ, aie not in possession of
the documentaiy evidence necessaiy to their de-
cision They have not the lecords and vouchers
'o show v.hat officeis have been paiJ, and unl ss
youi committees are e^t^eTiely vgi'ant and ln-
uustnous—nay, more, sir, unless they take i* upon
themselves to send off and liunt up testimony in
each case submitted to them, bills will often be re-
ported in favor of those who have already lecervetl
then commutation, and when once reported,being
accompanied by ihe necessary proof of service,
there will be nothing to impede their passage
through the House.                      •
Su, the aigument of the honorable gentleman
from Vermont, [Mr Ali^v,] in which he en-
deavored to show the facility with which bills
granting commutation pass through the House,
is, to my mind, one of the strongest reasons that
can be urged in favor of referring these claims for
set'lement to a different tribunal.
If a claim is rejected by one committee, those
mteiesttd renew the application year after year,
until, in some way or other, they succeed in ob
taming a favorable repoi t
I believe it to tie m ich easier, Mr Speaker, to
get an unfounded claim allowed her? than it would
be to obtain for it the sanction ofajudicial decision
by a competent officer Congress is more liable
to be imposed upon Here all the tesumony is
ex paHe It is furnished by the applicants them-
selves, and the rules of evidence are not as rigidly
appl ed heie as in a judicial tribunal The proof
is not as tnoroughl/ examined oi as accurately
weighed.
Mr Speaker, as a mattei cf economy, I would
refer these claims as proposed by the bill Instead
of increasing, I have no doubt but that it would
dimmish ti e diaft upon your Treasury. If we
urdertalte to legislate upon each individual case,
all that have met its will be allowed as a matter of
couise, ard we shall, in that case, be compelled
to pay many which nave no merits, and which,
weie they submitted to the ordeal of a judicial
investigation, would nevei be allowed.
Sir, it appears to me that there can be no well-
founded objection eithei to the payment of these
claims, or to the pioposition to refer them for set-
tlement to a competent officer Gent'emen may
d ffer as to the rules of eviJenee by which that
offieei shall he governed in making his investiga-
tions That is a mattei for the consideration and
dec.bion of the House, it is not my purpose, sir,
now to entei into a defence of the íules contained
in the bill. The leasons foi introducing them have
already been submitted to the House by other mem-
bers of the committee I will simply remark,
however, that they are the same rules which have
regulated the proceedings of your committee and
this House for years, and if we continue to legis-
late upon this subject, the same rules of evidence
will, I have no doubt, continue to regulate the
proceedings, except, peihaps, they may gradually
become more and more relaxed
Mr Speaker, I will not detain the House longer.
If these demands aie referred for se'tlement in the
manner proposed by the bill upon your table,
Congress will be relieved from a large portion of
business-, justice will not much longer be delayed;
the old soldier, who is entitled to commutation,
will then obtain a speedy hearing, and your Treas-
ury, sir, will be more effectually barred against all
unfounded claims
Mr. YOUNG also spolte in favor of the bill
After a debate, in which Messrs G1LMEH,
YOUNG.VANDERPOEL, BATES, and WISE
took pait—
Mr. BRIGGS moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. POLK requested him to withdraw it till trie
vote was taken on the question pending.
Mr. BRIGGS said he saw no prospect of a vote.
The motion to adjourn was rejected.
The question being on the motion of Mr. GIL-
MER to recommit—
Mi MARSHALL spoke at some length in
opposition to it.
The discussion was continued by Messrs VAN-
DERPOEL,WISE,WARDofNew York, MAR-
SHALL, and BATES, when
Mr. McKINLEY moved that the House ad-
journ; winch motion was negatived.
The quebtion was taken on the motion to re-
! commit, and it was detei mined in the affirmative,
on division, by a vote ot 88 to 70.
The House then adjourned
REMARKS OF MR. TAYLOR,
OT NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
May 5, 1834,
On presenting the Resolutions of a meeting held
in Onondaga county, New York.
Mr Speaker' 1 have received,and am requested
to present to this House, the proceedings and res-
olutions of a meeting held in the county of Onon-
daga, New York, chiefly relating to those*impor-
tant political questions which have long oeoupied
the time and attention of Congress, and which
have agitated the public mind throughout the
whole country. I do not say, sir, a meeting com-
pobed of all political parties, as has been frequently
asserted here of other meetings called for similar
puiposes, though I appiehend of not less distinc-
tive political chaiaeter, but a maeting of the fi lends
of the Administration, of suchas belong to a polit-
ical party, a party uniformly known and dis-
tinguishedas the Republican paity. In presenting
these resolutions I trust 1 shall be indulged in a
few brief remarks as to the population and busi-
ness of this county, the circumstances under which
the meeting was called, and the character of the
resolutions. [Leave being granted by the House,
Mr. T. proceeded ] The county of Onondaga
contained, at the last census, apopulation of58,974;
probably at this time more than 60,000 It is an
agricultural, and particularly a wheat-growing
county It is also, to some extent, a manufactur-
ing county, m which are situated several cotton
and woolen factories, flour mills, and a variety of
other manufacturing estabbshments, besides the
extensive salt works at Salina, wheie are manu-
factured annually more than a million and a half
bushels of salt, being more than one third of all
the salt manufactured in the United States It will
readily be seen that this, together with the mer-
cantile transactions for such a business and popu-
lation, and th  purchase of the produce of that sec-
tion of country on the line of the canal that extends
through the county, must requite a large amount
of capital Th.b statement, sir, is made only for
the purpose of showing tnat sudí a population and
business must necessai lly be affected by any causes
deranging or mateitally affecting the moneyed
affairs oi the country.
It hab, sn, been common for gentlemen, when
piesenting memorials or resolutions of meetings,
