THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
PRINTED   AND   PUBLISHED   AT   THE    CITY   OF   WASHINGTON,    BY   BLAIR   &   RIVES.
23d Congress, 1st Session.                                                      SATURDAY, MAY 24, 183¿                                                                   Vol. I....N0. 25.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 14,1834.
Two messages were received from the President
of the United States, by Mr Donelson, his Pri-
vate Secretary.
1    Communicating a copy of a treaty of com-
merce between the United States and his Majesty
the Emperor of all the Russias, ratified May 11th,
1833.
2    Communicating a copy of the convention
between the United States and his Majesty the
King of the Two Sicilies
On motion of Mr WILKINS, the messages
weie referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
PETITIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the pro-
ceedings of a meeting of delegates from New Castle
county, Delaware, approving the course of the
Executive relative to the Bank of the United
States, and protesting against the restoiation of
the deposites, or the recharter of that institution.
After some remarks by Messrs. NAUDAIN
and CLAYTON, on motion of the former gentle-
man, the proceedings were referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SMITH presented the petition of a number
of citizens of Connecticut, remonstrating against
the renewal of the patent of John Ames, for an
improvement m the manufacluie of paper, which
was laid on the table.
Mr. CLAY presented a memorial signed by a
number of the inhabitants of Louisville, Ken-
tucky, in behalf of Jacob Lewis, who is desirous
of establishing a pottery for the manufactuie of
Queensware at the confluence of the Ohio and
Mississippi 1 ivers, and praying that a giant of land
at that site may be made to him at the Govern-
ment prices The petition was refeired to the
Committee on Public Lands
Mr BIBB presented the memorial of a number
of the inhabitants of Nelson county, Kentucky,
praying a restoiation of the deposites, and are-
chaiter of the Bank of the United States; which
was read, referred to the Committee on i'mance,
and ordeied to be printed
Mr CHAMBERS gave notice that he should,
on Friday next, move to take up the bill making
an appropriation foi the consl ruction of a lateral
bianch ot the Baltimore and Ohio railroad to the
Distuctof Columbia
Mr. CHAMBERS piesented a memorial m
favoi of repairing the Cumbeiland Road. A bill
for that puipose having passed the Senate, the
memorial was laid upon the table.
Mi PRENTISS presented a memorial of in-
habitants ot Veimont, remonstrating against the
extension of the patent of John Ames for an
improvement 111 papei making; which was laid on
the table
Mr. POINDEXTER presented the petition of
Frsnus Surgetand others; which was lefeired to
the Committee on Public Lands
Mr MORRIS presented the proceedings of a
latge meeting of the inhabitants of Seneca county,
Ohio, sustaining the Executive in his couise to-
wards the Bank of the United States, and approv-
ing of the removal of the deposites, and averse to
arechartei of that coiporation The proceedings
were read, refened to the Committee on Finance,
and oidered to be printed.
Mi MORRIS also presented the proceedings
of a public meeting held in Columbiana county,
Ohio, of tne same tenor.
Mr M observed that thecounty of Columbiana
was one of the largest counties in the State of
Ohio, and was formerly, of itself, one congres-
sional district. The proceedings of this meeting,
he had no manner of doubt, weie expressive of
the opinions of the people of Ohio There was
one resolution among the number, however, the
language of which he did not entirely approve of.
It was clothed in strong and expressive terms, in
lelation  to the resolutions lately adopted by a
25
majority of the Senate censuring the conduct of the
President of the United States. But the presiding
officer of the meeting was a highly respectable
citizen, and therefore he could not withhold the
proceedings on account of but one resolution, the
terms of which were somewhat objectionable, but
. the conclusion of which he approved At no
former period had publicf political) excitement been
ata greater height in Ohio than it was at present,
and the current of public opinion was strong
against the Bank of the United States, and in favor
of the Administration It was under the influence
of these feelings and views that they expressed
themselves in strong language He moved that
the proceedings be read, punted, and take the
usual reference.
Mr POINDEXTER objected to the reception
of the paper, unless the honorable gentleman from
Ohio would strike out the offensive resolution.
Mr FRELINGHUYSEN asked whether the
resolution was in respectful language, as that
seemed to be the rule adopted.
Mr MORRIS replied that it spoke m strong
language, but it was not disrespectful. If he had
drawn the resolution, however, he would have
expressed the same views in different language.
Mr BROWN said he did not like the practice
of condemning without a hearing, either wi this o>
any othei matter. He hoped the papei would be
lead
Mi. EW1NG and Mr CLAY were also in favor
of its being read.
After some further conversation, the proceedings
were read, and the question being on the motion
to punt, (the reference being a matter of course,)
Mr POINDEXTER was opposed to punting,
as the paper had already been printed in a news-
papei
Mi   FRELINGHUYSEN was also opposed
to  printing, as other parts of the  proceedings
I reflected, in most disrespectful terms, upon the
gentleman's colleague, [Mr Ewing ]
Mr. MORRIS contended that the constituents of
himself and colleague had a right to express their
sentiments in any language they pleased as it
respected their public conduct as Senators   Ought
we, here, to shield ourselves from the reach of the
people'    If we  mitrepresent  the  opinions  and
wishes of oui constituents, ought we not to be
told that we do'    If the private conduct of his
honorable colleague had been assailed or reflected
on, it would  be unjustifiable     But there was a
great difterence between his public and private
I conduct, and this resolution arraigned his political
i course only    They attributed to him no impioper
j motive    They regretted his course here; and had
they not a right to say that they viewed it in this
I light'    It seemed tahim (Mr  M ) that they had
I a right to do so in any way and manner they
pleased     If they had not, there was an end of all
accountability on the part of the representative to
those he lepresented
Mr FRELINGHUYSEN then moved to lay
the paper on the table, upon which motion
Mr MORRIS asked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered, and are as follows, to wit:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Bibb, Calhoun, Cham-
bers, Clay, Clayton, Frehnghuysen, Hendricks,
Knight, Mangum, Moore, Naudam, Poindexter,
Porter, Prentiss, Robbins, Silsbee, Smith, Swift,
Spiague, Tomhnson—21.
NAYS—Messrs   Benton, Black, Brown, For-
syth, Grundy,  Hill,  Kane, King of Alabama,
Linn, McKean, Morns, Pieston, Robinson, Shep-
ley,Tipton, Waggaman,White,Wilkms,Wnght,
—19
So the proceedings were laid on the table
Mr EWING presented a memorial fromcit,zens
of Athens county, Ohio, complaining of great
pecuniary distres? and reduction m the price of
agricultural products, which they ascribe to the
removal of the deposites, and piaying,as the only
j remedy, a restoration of the deposites to the Bank
' of the United States, and the recharter of the bank
I     Mr. MORRIS observed that these memonalists '
compfamed of a depression in the prices of agri-
cultural products, to the ruin of the citizen. This
memorial came from a southern county, in the
State of Ohio, not a very populous, although a
respectable one. But it had heretofore ranked m
opposition to the Administration; it was chiefly
represented in the Ohio Legislature by men of that
political chaiacter, and was now represented in the
House of Representatives here, by a member in
the opposition. But he (Mr. M ) thought that
these memorialists were mistaken in what they
said with regai d to the prices of the staple articles
of Ohio He held in his hand a letter from a re-
spectable and intelligent man, informing him that
wheat, in Muskingum county, adjoining the county
of Athens, was now at sixty-two and a half cents
a bushel [Mr M here read the letter ] This
letter was signed by Major James Cochran, of
Zanesville, who said that the bank question being
considered settled, the prices were becoming fixed,
so that things were not quite so bad as they were
represented to be. Sixty-two and a half cents
was a good living price foi wheat; a fair price at this
period, the last crops having been very abundant,
After some remarks by Mr. EWING and Mr.
MORRIS, the memorial was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mi KING, of Alabama, presented the memorial
of thejudges,attorney, and marshal,of the eastern
district of rioiida, praying an appropriation for
the purchase of the building which is now occu-
pied by the district court of the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
SPECIAL ORDER.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the resolution reported by the Committee on the
Judiciary on the President's message, in reference
to
THE PENSION FUND.
Mi CLAYTON having the floor, commenced a
speech in support of the resolution, and in reply to
Mi Wright, when.ataquartei past thiee o'clock,
without concluding, he gave way to
Mr EWING, upon whose motion,
Ttie Senate adjourned
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, May 14, 1834.
Mr GARLAND moved that the bills which had
been sent from the Senate and lay upon the Speak-
er's table, be lead a first and second time, for the
purpose of referring them
Unanimous consent being given, various billa
were read, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees   
Mi E WHITTLESEY, from the Committee
of Claims, reported the following resolution:
Resohed, That the Committee of Claims be dis-
charged fiom the further consideration oftheclaima
of Hem y Develen and otheis, and that the same
be referred to the Secretary of War
j     Which, after a brief explanation from Mr. W ,
was adopted
I     Mr JARVIS, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, reponed a bill for the relief of the legal
I representatives of John  Mullowny,  which was
i read twice and committed
Mr CAVE JOHNSON, fiom the Committee
on Pnvate Land Claims, repoited a bill in favor
of Thomas B Clark, James Biadford.and John
Fruge     Severally lead twice and committed
Mr. WAYNE moved that a communication from
the Secretary of State, relative to the publication of
the Diplomatic Correspondence, be referred to the
Library Committee, which was agreed to
The resolution heretofore offered by Mr. Mar-
dis, in relation to the deposites of public money,
j with the amendment proposed by Mr. ConwiN,
j came up.
I     Mr GALBRAITH íesumed his remarks in re-
ply to Mr McKlwan, which heoontroued, with-
1 out concluding, until the expiration of the hour
