THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
allotted to morning business had expired, when,
on motion of
Mr. McKINLEY, the House proceeded to the
orders of the day.
Mr. BOON gave notice that to-morrow morning
he should request the House to take up and dis-
pose of the resolution heretofore submitted ljyhim
fixing the day for the adjournment of Congress.
Mr. POLK expressed a hope that the House
would, by unanimous consent, dispose of the
appropriation bills referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
No objection being made,
The House, on motion of Mr. POLK, wentinto
Committee of the Whole on thestate of the Union,
(VIr. Speight in the chair.)
The bill making appropriations for the Indian
department for' 1834 was taken up.
Mr. POLK moved to strike the word " clerks"
from the item making appropriations for inter-
preters, translators, &e., at the several agencies;
which was agreed to.
At the instance of Mr. POLK, a letter from the
Secretary of War relative to the employment of
blacksmiths, &c, was read, when that gentleman
moved to strike out the words '' treaty stipulations "
and $16,000 from the item referring to the employ-
ment of blacksmiths among the Indian tribes,and
insert the sum of $6,480 instead. Mr. P. ex-
plained the object to be, that such portion of the
original sum proposed to be appropriated as was
called for by treaty should be stricken from this
bill and added to that making appropriations for
Indian annuites.    The motion was agreed to.
The item appropriating $5,000 for the purchase
of iron, steel, &c, having been read,
Mr. POLK moved to strike out §5,000, and
insert instead §1,465; which was agreed to.
The item making appropriations for the expense
of transportation and distribution of annuities
having been read,
Mr. POLK said the item more properly be-
longed to the Indian annuities bill, and moved it
be stricken out; which was agreed to.
Mr. LEWIS moved that two additional items
be added to the bill. The first making an appro-
priation of $8,000 for the expenses of.negotiating
with the western Pawnees; the other appropriating
$11,160, being the amount due to certain Creek
Indians, followers of Mcintosh.
Mr. GRENNELL asked an explanation of
these items.
Mr. LEWIS said the first item was proposed
by the Committee on Indian Affairs, at the sug-
gestion of the Indian commissioners, in conse-
quence of the loss of property which had been
occasioned by the Pawnees west of the Mississippi,
who were totally out of the reach of our military
force. The other item was proposed by the same
committee, to carry into effect the stipulations of
a treaty.
Mr. FILLMORE inquired whether this pro-
vision did not more properly belong to the bill for
carrying those treaties into effect.
Mr. LEWIS had no objection to proposing the
irem asan amendment to that bill,and accordingly
withdrew it.    The other item was agreed to.
Mr. L. then moved to add to the bill an item
appropriating $10,000 for the purchase of pro-
visions for the support of such Creek Indians in
Alabama as were destitute of provisions. Mr. L.
said this appropriation had been recommended by
the Secretary of War. Their situation was rep-
resented to be one of extreme destitution.
Mr. BATES wished to understand, before he
voted upon this appropriation, how .these Indians
happened to be reduced to this stateof starvation.
Mr. LEWISsaid he mightnot be able to satisfy
the gentleman as to the various reasons which
prevented these indians from being in a flourish-
ing condition. Many of them, not aware that the
policy of the Government as to individual emi-
gration had changed, had depended upon leaving
their country, and had made no crops. Then-
habitual improvidence had thrown them into great
distress.
Mr. GILMER did not consider the reason
assigned a sufficient one. It was three years since
the last Indians had been sent over the Mississippi
individually. He was satisfied that the distribu-
tion of provisions among these Indians would only
encourage idle habits among them and increase the
distress under which they labored. This was the
opinion of the more intelligent among them. The
truth is, that a portion of these Indians are always
starving. This was an inevitable consequence of
their mode of life, and had always been the case
since they had been known. Besides, these In-
dians are understood now to be within the juris-
diction of the State of Alabama. If the State had
assumed jurisdiction over them, they had taken ofT
the obligation of maintaining them from the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. LEWIS' said there had been enrolments
for emigration more recently, though the last emi-
gration of individual Indians was three years ago,
' and this fact had undoubtedly produced habits of
| improvidence among a certain class.   The gentle-
| man from Georgia [Mr. Gilmer] had stated that
j distress always existed among a certain portion
j of these Indians.    He should not dispute this.
The proposition for this appropriation was not his.
It was made by order of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, at the instance of the Secretary of War.
As to the obligation of the State of Alabama to
support these Indians as her own paupers, it could-
| not be recognised so long as the Government con-
I tinued to make treaties with them and place them
j on a footing different from the other citizens of
i that State.
J     Mr. VINTON requested the letter of the Secre-
[ tary of War requesting this appropriation might
be read.
Mr. LEWIS had not expected this bill to come
up this morning, and the papers were not in the
House.
Mr. VINTON contended that we were under
obligations to support these Indians. He wished
to know the facts relative to their actual condition.
The main ground of opposition to the policy here-
tofore pursued by the Government in relation to
these people, was that it must inevitably reduce
them to poverty and distress. Whether these ap-
prehensions had been verified, he wished to learn.
He would also be glad to be informed why the
\ law had not been executed which provided for the
transportation of such as had enrolled themselves
for emigration.
Mr. LEWIS said he had no information on the
subject.
Mr. BURGES said, it appeared from the state-
ment of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Gil-
mer,] that the policy of the Government had
thrown the Indians back upon their old habits of
precarious subsistence.
Mr. GILMER said he had made no such state-
ment.
Mr. BURGES.   The gentleman certainly said
something.    What it was, he would not under-
take to repeat.    It was clear, from the grounds on
which the amendment was moved, that these In-
dians are in a state of great distress.   It did not
appear that they had ever been in such a condition
before.    It was not owing to the removal of the
deposites, but to the policy which proposed to
carry them over the Mississippi, and place them
in the condition of a man when he first begins to
walk on his hind legs.    Whether this Government
was bound to them by any obligations to provide
for their support, he did not know.    All theState
of Alabama wants is their lands.    After they had
j been cheated out of that, she was not bound to
| maintain them.    Who ever heard of a man who
! had been wronged out of his property, compelling
| those who had got it to maintain him? It may be
j supposed, that as the measures adopted by the
j United States had led to their presentdistress,some
I relief should be afforded.    But he could not con-
I 3ent to place money for that purpose in the hands
j of agents, to be disbursed without vouchers.    He
would never vote for the payment o'f Indian annui-
ties so long as they were to be paid to individual
indians, without means  of ascertaining the fact
whether they were paid or not.    He would vote
no money under such circumstances.
Mr. VaNCE was convinced that these Indians
were in a suffering condition.   He had been in-
formed from a source which admitted of no doubt,
that the Shawnees, which had emigrated from the
State of Ohio, were suffering for want of subsist-
| ence.    He therefore moved to amend the amend-
I ment by adding $5,000 for the purchase of provis-
ions for the Shawnee Indians.
I     Mr. GILMER had never understood that a
single Indian had been thrown out of his ordinary
means of subsistence by enrolling himself for emi-
gration. None of them could have been disap-
pointed in being permitted to remain, forthe policy
of individual emigration had been given up in
1830. He believed the principal cases of indi-
vidual enrolment since that time had taken place
among the Cherokees, which had been done at
their own suggestion. He had never understood
that any of the Creeks had been enrolled since
1830, excepting the case of Chilly Mcintosh, who
had engaged one or two hundred Creeks to emigrate
who had not gone. As to the mode of making
payments to the Indians, a bill had been drawn
by the Committee on Indian Affairs, which would
be reported in a day or two, directing the payments
of annuities to be made to the chiefs of tribes in
their national councils, and not to individuals,
which would remove the objection suggested by
the gentleman from Rhode Island, [Mr. Burges.]
The starvation and distress of the Indians were
inseparable from their habits and propensities.
Similar improvidence and distress existed among
them when they,were first known.
Mr. LEWIS "said the proposition of the gentle-
man from Ohio would introduce an entirely new
feature into the system of Indian affairs. They
had never been supported after the expiration of
a year from their emigration. As to the obliga-
tions of Alabama to support the Indians within her
limits, let them be either an independent people,
capable of making treaties, or citizens of that State,
and dependent on her protection. So long as this
Government recognised them as independent, the
State could not support them.
After some further debate in which Messrs
LEWIS, H. EVERETT, GILMER, and MAR.
DIS took part,
Mr. POLK suggested that the provision could
be added to the annuity bill.
Mr. LEWIS then withdrew his amendment.
Mr. H. EVERETT moved to amend the bill
by inserting a provision for paying the expenses of
the treaty with the Wyandots; which was agreed
to.
Mr. LEWIS asked whether the Committee did
not intend to propose a similar appropriation in
relation to the Creek Indians.
Mr. EVERETT said no estimate had as yet
been obtained of the expenses.
Mr. LEWIS moved the amendment with a view
to enable him to bring it up in the Flouse.
Mr. ASHLEY moved an amendment appro-
priating 1,000 dollars as the salary of a clerk in
the office of the superintendent of Indian Affairs.
Agreed to.
Mr. ASHLEY also moved to strike out 17,000
dollars, and insert 16,500.    Agreed -to.
Mr. ASHLEY also moved to strike out 120,000
dollars in the 20th line, and insert 18,800. Agreed
to.
On motion of Mr. POLK, the committee then
took up for consideration the bill, " making appro-
priations for Indian annuities, and other similar
objects, for the year 1834."
On motion of Mr. POLK, an amendment was
adopted, giving $6,754 to the Wyandots, instead
of p.900.
Mr. POLK moved to strike out $1,100 for the
Eel River Indians, and insert $2,070.
Mr. McKAY opposed the motion, and it was
supported by Messrs. POLK and HUBBARD;
when the motion was rejected.
Mr. POLK moved to increase the allowance of
the Chippewas, Ottawas, and Pottawatomies, to
$16,995, and of the Menomoneea to §1,940, of the
Kansas to $5,945-, which was agreed to.
Mr. POLK moved to i icrease the allowance of
. the Osages to $12,040; which was negatived; and
j the sum then agreed upon was $11,070.
Mr. POLK moved to strike out the appropria-
tion for the Kaskaskias of $1,000, to reduce that
of the Kakaskias'and Peorías to $2,050, to strike
out the Weas, to  increase the allowance of the
j Delawaresto$7,87n,andoftheShawneesto§4,680.
j Agreed to.
I     Mr. HUBBARD moved to amend the bill by
i inserting a provision allowing $3,500 to carry
into effect the 4th article of the treaty with the
Appalachicola Indians.   Agreed to.
Mr. POLK moved to amend by increasing the
allowance for the expenses of distributing annul-
