392
THE CONaRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
which Messrs. ADAMS, CLAY, and PLUM-
MER, took part—
The CHAIR (temporarily occupied by Mr.
Hubbard) decided that the rules had been sus-
pended to enable this motion to be made generally,
without personal reference to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. ADAMS appealed from this decision.
Mr. VANCE moved to reconsider the vote sus-
pending the rules—which was decided by the*
Chair not to be in order pending the appeal of
Mr. Adams.
The appeal wasdiscussed by Messrs. ADAMS,
PLUMMER, EVANS, VINTON, and HUN-
TINGTON—
When Mr. MOORE withdrew the motion to lay
on the table—which was immediately renewed by
Mr. CLAYTON.
The discussion on the point of order was con-
tinued by Messrs. WAYNE.VINTON, VANCE,
BRIGGS, PLUMMER, WILLIAMS, and
GRENNELL, when the question was taken on
the appeal.
The yeas and nays having been ordered, the ;
decision of the Chair was sustained—yeas 149, J
nays 13.                                                               !
Mr. VANCE'S motion to reconsider the vote j
by which the rules were suspended, then came up.
The motion was negatived: Yeas 57,nays 105.
The question of laying the resolution on the
table, then came up.    Having been stated—
Mr. McKENNAN called for a division of the
question.
The CHAIR decided that the question was not
divisible by the rules of the House.
Mr. McKENNAN appealed.-
Theaopeal was discussed by Messrs. EVANS, '
WILLIAMS, FILLMORE,andBURGES,when
Mr. McKENNAN withdrew the appeal.             I
The question having been stated upon laying I
the resolutions and amendments upon the table— j
Mr. CORWIN withdrew his amendment to the
resolution—when
Mr. MARDIS said the subject of the resolution
having been reported on, he withdrew the resolu-
tion.
On motion of Mr. POLK, the House went into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
upon the harbor bill, the Cumberland road bill,
and the bill making appropriations for fortifica-
tions, Mr. John Q. Adams in the chair.
The question being upon the motion of Mr.
MERCER, to reconsider the vote adopting an
amendment to the harbor bill, making an appro-
priation of $15,000 for connecting the waters of
La Plaisance bay with those of the river Raisin,
some debate took place, in which'Messrs. MER-
CER, EVANS, E. WHITTLESEY, SUTHER-
LAND, LYON of Michigan, and HUBBARD,
took part; when the motion to reconsider was re-
jected—41 to 84.
Mr. LOVE moved that the committee rise.
Lost.
The question then being upon the amendment
submitted by Mr. HUBBARD, for continuing,
completing, and securing the works and improve-
ments in certain rivers and harbors,
Mr. EVANS called for further information from
the gentleman from New Hampshire in regard to
each item of the amendment.
Mr. HUBBARD made explanations, at some
length, on the subject.
After further discussion, in which Messrs.
EVANS and FILLMORE took part, the amend-
ment was agreed to.
Mr. MERCER moved to amend the bill by
inserting the following clause: "Por defraying
expenses for surveys, under the act of 30th May,
1824, $30,000."                                               '
Mr. HUBBARD named $12,000 as the estimate
made by the War Department for surveys.
Mr. STEWART moved to amend the amend-
ment by adding $5,000 for geological surveys;
which was rejected.
- Mr. HUBBARD moved to add to the amend-
ment the words," including arrearages for 1833,"
which was adopted as a modification of the amend-
ment; and the amendment was then adopted.
Mr. POPE moved to amend the bill by adding
the clause, " For the improvement of the harbor
ofSt. Loftis, $40,000."
Mr, ASHLEY supported the amendment, and,
after a few remarks from Mr. HUBBARD, the ¡
question was put and the amendment was rejected. j
Mr. HUBBARD offered an amendment, appro- Í
priating $29,000 for the improvement of Deep j
Creek, the northern outlet of the Dismal Swamp I
Canal; which was agreed to.                                 |
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved an amendment, ¡
making an appropriation for removing obstructions ¡
in the Cumberland river.                                       j
Mr.. CROCKETT moved an amendment to the j
amendment; which was pronounced out of order. |
The question being taken, the amendment was ¡
negatived.
Mr. BEATTY moved to amend the bill  by
j inserting a clause appropriating $50,000 for im-
proving the navigation of Cumberland river to the
highest point of steamboat navigation.
Messrs. CHILTON, C. ALLAN, and PEY-
TON, supported the amendment, and Mr. PAR-
KER opposed it.
The amendment was lost—ayes 60, noes 65.
Mr. CROCKETT offered an amendment, ap-
propriating $6f,000 to improve the navigation of
Forked, Deer, Hatchie, and Obion rivers, to be
expended equally on each.
Mr. CROCKETT supported the amendment at
length.
The amendment was rejected without a division.
Mr. HA WES moved an amendment, appropri- j
ating $25,000 to improve the navigation of Green
and Big Barren rivers, in the State of Kentucky. '
Mr. H. explained his proposition.                     ¡
The amendment was rejected wnhout a division. |
Mr. LANE moved an amendment for improving
the navigation of White Otter river, in the State of
Indiana, $10,000.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MANN moved the committee rise, and
report the bill to the House; which was carried—
ayes 86, noes 58.
The committee accordingly rose, and
Mr. THOMSON moved that the vote by which
the time of adjournment was yesterday postponed
two weeks, be reconsidered, and that the question
be postponed until Tuesday next.
Before the question upon postponement was
decided—
The House adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, May 17, 1834.
Mr. WATMOUGH,from theSelectCommittee,
to which was referred the bill to equalize the pay
of the officers of the Army and Navy, reported the
bill with an amendment; and,on his motion, it was
committed to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and, together with [he report and
accompanying documents, ordered to be printed.
Mr. WATMOUGH asked leave to notify the
House that, with their permission, he desired to
bring up the bill for consideration on Tuesday
next.
Mr. DUNCAN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill to authorize theieirs and
representatives of James Latham, deceased, to
correct an erroneous entry of land. Read twice,
and postponed till Tuesday next.
Mr. PINCKNEY.fromtheCommitteeon Com-
merce, reported a bill, in addition to an act passed
on the 30th of July, 1832, concerning the tonnage
duty on Spanisli vessels. Read twice, committed
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of j
the Union, and, with the report, ordered to be ¡
printed.
Mr. CHILTON moved that the Committee of
the Whole be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the bill extending the provisions of the
| pension act of 1832 to those who served in the In-
dian wars, and refer the same to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.    Lost.
The CHAIR stated the question before the
House, left undecided yesterday,was, on the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Thomson,] i
to postpone the consideration of his motion to
reconsider the vote by which the House postponed,
till the 29th instant, the consideration of the res-
olution for the adjournment of Congress.
Mr. THOMSON modified the motion so as to
postpone the consideration of the motion till Thurs-
day.
.Mr. BOON being in favor, as he said, of the im- '
mediate consideration of the subject, asked for the
yeas and nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. EVANS said we had spent much time in
the consideration of this subject, and it had been
decided by a large majority; and yet we were now-
likely to spend two or thiee hours upon it. He
moved to lay the motion on the table.
Mr. BRIGGS asked the yeas and nays on the
motion to lay on the table, and they wereordered.
The question being taken, it was determined in the
negative: Yeas 77, nays 87.
So the House refused to lay the motion on the
table.
Mr. THOMSON said, as it was evident that
much time would be occupied by the subject, he
would withdraw the motion to reconsider.
Mr. R. M.JOHNSON rose to a point of order.
Can a member, he asked, who had moved a recon-
sideration, in which other members are interested,
and which motion other members would have
made, rise up and withdraw it?
The CHAIR. He can, sir. A member may
modify or withdraw his motion until the House
amends it, which takes it out of the power of the
member.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is it in order for any other
member to renew the motion?
The CHAIR. No. The time has passed.
; On motion of Mr. MERCER, the joint resolu-
tion giving to the Winchester Railroad Company
the right of way through the United States land
at Harper's Ferry, was 'taken up, amended, and
passed.
The bill for the relief of Samuel A. Bailey was
read a third time and passed.
On motion of Mr. HUBBARD, the House
went into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the harbor bill, Mr. J. Q,. Adams in
the chair.
Mr. DENNY moved to amend the bill by pro-
viding an appropriation of $25,000 for the im-
provement of the navigation of the Ohio from
Louisville to Pittsburg, and advocated the motion
at some length.
Mr. ASHLEY, after some remarks, suggested.
a modification of the amendment, providing that
$10,000 of the sum shall be expended in the re-
moval of obstructions from the Missouri river.
After some discussion, in whichMessrs. MER-
CER, HUBBARD, VINTON, and POPE took
part,
Mr. DENNY modified his amendment, by pro-
viding that the Secretary of War should expend
I such part of the sum of $75,000, appropriated for
the improvement of the navigation of the Missis-
sippi, Missouri, and Ohio rivers, as he might think
proper, upon the removal of obstructions from the
harbor of St. Louis.
The debate was continued by Messrs. REED,
POPE, MERCER, and ASHLEY.
Mr. DENNY withdrew the modification of
his amendment in relation to the harbor of St.
Louis.
The question was then taken on Mr. Denny's
amendment.    It was rejected.
Mr. SEVIER moved an additional clause, ap-
propriating $30,000 for the improvement of the
navigation of the Arkansas river.   Lost.
Mr. MILLIGAN asked information from the
committee who reported the bill, why the bill did
,  not appropriate for the Delaware breakwater the
j  whole sum which was recommended by the War
|  Department ?
Mr. HUBBARD replied that the Department
recommended an appropriation of $380,000, but
the committee did not think it proper to appropri-
ate more than the same sum which was appropri-
ated last year; and they believed that a larger sum
than $270,000—the sum appropriated—would not
be necessary for carrying on the work during the
present year.
After a few remarks from Messrs. MILLI-
GAN, SUTHERLAND, and HUBBARD,
Mr. MILLIGAN moved to strike out $270,000
and insert $380,000.
Mr. HARPER, of Pennsylvania, supported the
amendment. He had been told by the superin-
tendent, (he said,) that half a million of dollars a
year might be advantageously expended on the
work; and he urged the policy of finishing the
work as speedily as possible, both in reference to
