400
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22.
revolutionary straggle is paid the last cent which
is legally or equitably his due. No, sir, I never
shall feel as though enough had been done for those
men who have done so much for us individually,
for the nation, and for the world—until all, from
the least to the greatest, are paid the uttermost
farthing. Let it not be said of this republic, as it
has bf en truly said of all the ancient republics, that
they were ungrateful to their best benefactors. No;
the Government, in this case, should act as an hon-
orable man would act: invite all its just creditors
to come and receive their pay, subjecting them to
no unnecessary expense or delay. What would
be said of an individual who should render the
same excuse—interpose the same plea in bar to the
payment of his creditors, which has on this occa-
sion been urged by honorable members in avoid-
ance of these claims on the part of the nation ? I
aslf, what would be said of an individual who
should refuse to paya class of hardy, adventurous
laborers, to whom he was principally indebted for
an immense estate, becausehe.on hisown volition,
unauthorized by theirconsent, had appointed a time
when he would pay; and inasmuch as, through in-
advertence or ignorance, they had not attended to
his call at the time specified; and who should there-
fore assume that he was exonerated from all lia-
bility, that now the door of justice was closed, that
the dayof retribution was past,and thathewould
not pay? And still more: suppose that he should
interpose this other plea, which has here been
urged in behalf of the Government, that there were
many of these claimants, and, if he paid one, he
could not refuse to pay others; and that the amount,
although just, would be too large, and therefore he
could not and would not pay? Would not every
honorable man condemn such an excuse, and de-
spise the wretch that made it? And shall the Gov-
ernment do that which no man possessing a cor-
rect moral sense would dare to justify in his
friend ?
Sir, I trust for the honor of the country that such
principles will never be sanctioned as the deliber-
ate sense of this, or any future Congress. These
claimants came not here, sir, as most others do,
prayingtxtra compensation for extra services ren-
dered, or perhaps services never rendered. They
come not here, sir, praying remuneration for real
or pretended losses, but they do come with the
nation's bond in their hands, sealed with their
own blood, or the blood of their sires, and they
ask us, as their faithful guardians, and the ex-
ecutors of our fathers' will, to cancel it. They
come not here, sir, supplicating favors; but they
come here literally and emphatically demanding
rights. And will you turn them away from this
Capitol, as a knave would from his countirg-
house, with the rogue's plea—the statute of limit-
ations? Yes, sir, it is literally the rogue's plea in
this case; for I contend that Government has no
moral right beyond what an individual has to vary
a contract, without the mutual consent of the con-
tracting parties.
I trust there is too much honorand integrity, too
much of the spirit of '7C in this House, to sanc-
tion such an unjust judgment.
REMARKS OF MR. TIPTON,
OF INDIANA,
In Senate, Tuesday, May 20, 1834,
On the motion of Mr. Clayton to refer and print
the Memorial of the Cherokee Chiefs.
Mr. TIPTON said that he was in favor of re-
ceiving and leferring this paper to the Committee
on Indian Affairs. He would hear the complaints
of the humblest individual, no matter of what
color, if he was an individual entitled, as the Cher-
okees were, to the protection of our Government.
But, sir, I am opposed to incurring the expense of
printing the voluminous documents accompanying
the memorial, until after it is examined and re-
ported on by a committee of the Senate, who could
judge correctly what consideration it is entitled to
from this body.
1 am confident (said Mr. T.) that it is right and
proper to protect the poor Indians. No member
of the Senate feels a deeper interest than I do in
their preservation and prosperity; and it will be
found much more difficult to shield the poorer
class of Indians from combinations of dishonest
chiefs, and their co-workers of mischief and op-
pression, than to protect them against the imposi-
tions of the officers of the Indian department.
The policy adopted five years ago by this Ad-
ministration, of paying the annuity to the heads
of families, and not to the chiefs, is both just and
proper It not only shields the poor Indians from
the impositions of dishonest chiefs,but enables the
President to detect dishonest agents of the Indian
department. The Secretary of War knows, or
should know, the number of Indians in each tribe,
and the amount to be paid to them by the Indian
agents; and if the Indian agents were instructed to
transmit, with their accounts for settlement, an
abstract, showing the number of heads of families
in each tribe, and the number of individuals in
each family, wiih the amount of money paid to
each, and this abstract should be certified by two
witnesses, known to be entitled to credit for vera-
city, should the payment not have been made in
the utmost fairness, to all persons belonging to the
tribe. The President should dismiss every agent
neglecting to do his duty* agreeable to instruc-
tions.
The honorable Senator from Delaware [Mr.
Clayton] has told us how oppressive it was for
a poor Indian to travel fifty miles to receive fifty
cents, when the chiefs could bring them their
money without cost, as was the case under former
Administrations. The honorable Senator is mis-
taken as to facts.
There.is no law directing in what manner the
annuity shall be paid.; it is, as it should be, left to
the President, and the mode complained of is the
only just one. It is the duty of the agents to
count the money due to each individual, or head
of family, and to show each man what he is enti-
tled to for himself, his wife, and each child, and
not suffer the chiefs to cheat them out of a portion
of the money due to them from the Government.
It is true, that if all the chiefs were honest, this
would change the case. Sir, said Mr. T., I have
heard of Ross, the memorialist; his name and
character have not made a favorable impression
on my mind. I have no doubt but he, and others
acting with him, will subtract 25 per cent, from
the annuity, if it is put into their hands. The
chiefs, most generally, are traders, and will pay
the people in goods or whisky, and keep the
money, and the poor Indians never see a dollar.
There have been cases, said Mr. T., where the
chiefs, and a few others, prevented the common
Indians from receiving the money due them from
the Government; although the agents would count
and offer them their annuities, they would not
receive it, fearing the displeasure of the chiefs;
and the chiefs and traders want to coerce the Gov-
ernment to make the payment in such manner as
to favor their interested and dishonest motives.
This chief, (Ross,) I understand claims $3,000
to defray his expenses in coming here; and he
wants the United States to pay this expense; and
if Congress refuse this request, 1 do not doubt
that Ross will never let the annuities pass from
his grasp, until he wrings from the poor people
of his tribe the price that he wants us to pay for
coming here to annoy the President and Congress.
Sir, I am anxious to have a report on the facts
of this casefrom the Committeeon Indian Affairs.
Let us know all the facts, and I have no doubt
that we shall find that the chiefs, and a few others,
actuated by selfish motives, are waging war upon
this most just and proper measure of their Admin-
istration. When we understand all these facts, 1
hope that the Senate will sustain the Administra-
tion in this measure.
I know that many honest men, who are misled
by such clamors, cnmmg from interested men,
are imposed on, and under a mistaken state of
the facts, are aiding this chief Ross, and others.
I am sure that, so soon as better informed, they
will change their course, and lend us their sup-
port.
Letters from Havre state that the French
Government had dispatched as!oop-uf-war
from Brest for the United States, with dis-
patches for our Government, of such a
character as it was presumed would be
satisfactory.—JYew York Evening Post.
THE LATE NEWS.
The following brief letter from General
Lafayette, which we quote from the Na-
tional Gazette, contains a brief synopsis
of the recent sanguinary scenes at Lyons
and Paris. The law passed at the last
session of the Chambers against associa-
tions, is supposed to be the exciting
cause of the renewed troubles in France.
'■ In my former letters I have related to
you how, to my great disappointment and
chagrin, the American appropriation bill
was rejected by a majority of only a few
votes. I believe that if the votes were
again to be taken to-day, a different result
would be  produced.
" We are now in a state of great disturb-
ance. The operatives of Lyons fought
during four days against the troops of the
line; and although the Government asserts
that it is all at an end, the fact is not yet
completely proved. The day before yes-
terday and yesterday morning, there was
here n small insurrection of some discon-
tented persons, excited nobody knows by
whom. The most ardent men of the op-
position party were opposed to it. There
has been blood spilt: some men of dis-
tinction (quelques hommes moi-QUants) in
the national guard and in the line, have
unfortunately been killed, and some of
the insurgents were put to death (egorges)
in the houses where they were found.
All this is greatly to be deplored. Much
blood has been spilt at Lyons on both
sides. They speak of new laws of re-
pression (lots (¿'exception) in addition to
those which have already been passed."
The following account of the exhumation of the
head of Robert Burns, possesses some interest:
" On Monday night, 31st of March, 1834, Mr.
John McDiarmid, Mr. Adam Rankine,Mr. James
Kerr, Mr. James Bogie, Mr. Andrew Crombie,
and the subscriber, descended into the vualt of the
Mausoleum, for the purpose of examining the
remains of Burns, and, if possible, procuring a cast
of his skull. Mr. Crombie, having witnessed the
examination of the bard's remains in 1915, and
seen them deposited in their present resting place,
at once pointed out the exact spot where the head
would be found, and a few spadefulls of loose sandy
soil being removed, the skull was brought into
view, and carefully lifted.
(i The cranial bones were perfect in every re-
spect, if we except a little corrosion of their external
table, and firmly held together by their sutures; eyen
the delicate bones of the orbits, with trifling excep-
tions of the os unguis in the left, were sound and
uninjured by death and the grave. The superior
maxillary bones still retained the four most poste-
. rior teeth on each side, including the dentes sapi-
I ent , and all without spot or blemish; the incissors,
i cuspidatii, &c, had, in all probability, recently
1 dropped from the jaws, for the alveoli were but little
decayed. The bones of the face and palate vrere
also sound. Some small portions of black hair, with
a very few gray hairs intermixed, were observed
while detaching some extraneous matter from the
occiput. Indeed, nothing could exceed the high
state of preservation in which we found the bones
of the cranium, or offer a fairer opportunity of
supplying what has so long been desiderated by
phrenologists, a correct model of our immortal
poet's head; and in order to accomplish this in the
most accurate and satisfactory manner, every par-
ticle of sand, or other foreign body, was carefully
washed off, and the plaster of Paris applied with
i all the tact and accuracy of an experienced artist.
The cast is admirably taken, and cannot fail to
prove highly interesting to phrenologists and
others.
