THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
«the name of the United States Bank, will never
<  be rechartered for any term of time, however
' short, upon any conditions or modifications what-
'soever; fori do not think that that institution
'was ever properly entitled to that name. My
' reasons for this are, the people generally have
' not been led to the inquiry of the principles and
1 situation of the bank, as they otherwise would,
• had it not been called by that name. Our good
' honest farmers have supposed, until very lately,
' that bills on the United States Bank were as safe
' to be locked up in their chests as the gold and
< silver—supposing the United States accountable
' for all the bills issued from that bank, and would
•redeem them at any future day. Now they
' begin to see their trust is in the hands of a class of
' individual speculators. Let eveiy institution be
' called by the name of its proper owners.   Just
as I was about to close my scribbles, Mr.
' called on me; after passing the usual compliment,
' I inquired how the Administration stood m his
•estimation' (not expecting any very favorable
' answer, knowing that he had been, ever since
' Jackson's election, violently opposed to his Ad-
' ministration,)hesaid, hesupposedl hadíeference
' particularly to the removal of the public moneys
' from the United States Bank. Thus far, said he,
' I can say, the people of the United States will yet
' bless Old Hickory for the decided measures he
' has taken with that bank. If that institution can
' cause so great a pressure, and create such a panic,
' throughout the whole United States at this time,
' what could it not do in a few years more > He
'  ot only spoke his own mind, but the minds of
' many others of the same stamp. These sayings
' confirm what I have already said."
Such language might not be very acceptable to
those who differ with him in opinion, and those
who charged everyone that sustained the Admin-
istration, on the bank question, with being under
theinflueneéof improper motives, and particularly
to those who intimate that all who support this
measure of the Executive, are the "slaves and
vassals of Andrew Jackson, and that they were
leady to exchange the Constitution and the law for
the will of a weak old man." Such language
needed no reply. It was, in his opinion, unwor-
thy of that character which every gentleman on
that floor ought to maintain. It was not, he said,
the voice of prudence and discretion, aiming at the
good of the country, but it was the language of
mad ambition, reckless of the interests of the
people, and everything else save the prostration of
the popularity of the present Adrmnistiation, the
elevation of their political God to power, and a
division of the " loaves and fishes" among the
hungry cms of their pai ty. They are the fulmma-
tionsof a crazed brain, distracted by being disap-
pointed m his political aspirations. They are the
ravings and rantmgs of that party who threaten
one day to destroy the Union, lather than submit
to an unconstitutional and oppressive system of
taxation, which they themsdvesare the authors of,
and the next day attempt to excite the people to
i ebellion, because they will not bow submission to
an uresponsible corporation, about to enslave a
free country, which they themselves admit to be
in violation of the Constitution.
The proceedings of a publicmeetmgat Holmes-
ville, Pike county, which were heretofore pre-
sented by Mr. PLUMMER, and postponed to
this day, came up.
Mr. PLUMMER went into too extended an
exposition upon the subject for to-day's paper.
In conclusion, he moved that these proceedings
be laid on the table and punted.
Mr. EVANS presented a memorial and series
of resolutions adopted by sundry citizens of Hal-
lowell, Mame, m opposition to the course of the
Administration lelative to the Bank of the United
States; which, after an explanation, he moved to
lay on the table and have printed.    Agreed to.
Mr. HALL presented a memorial praying for
a post loute. which was referred.
Mr. MILLER, by leave of the House, moved
that 30 000 copies of the reports of the majority
and minority of the Investigating Committee into
the concerns of the United States Bank, with the
accompanying documents and correspondence, be
printed.
Mr. HIESTER suggested that 15,000 was suf-
ficient.
Mr. KING moved that ten thousand copies be
printed.
Mr. BRIGGS inquired whether upon this mo-
tion the reports would be sent out together >
Mr. MILLER said, his view was that they
should be printed separately, but that the corre-
spondence, which was the most important portion
of the papers, should be annexed to each. He
thought it would be more convenient to gentlemen
on" all sides of the House, to have the reports
separate. As to the number, which might aprjear
to be large, it would afford the members but about
one hundred and fifty each for distribution.
Mr. BRIGGS moved to amend the motion of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Miller,]
so that the majority and minority reports be print-
ed together.
Mr. EVANS raised a question of order.
"When the motion to print was, agreeably to the
rules of the House, laid on the table until to-mor-
row
Petitions and memorials were presented by
Messrs OSGOOD, LINCOLN, BRIGGS, and
GRENNELL, of Massachusetts.
Mr. BUftGES presented certain proceedings of
the House of Representatives of Rhode Island;
which, on his motion, was postponed to Monday
next.
Memouals and petitions were also nresented by
Mr  D. J. PEARCE, of Rhode Island;
Messrs. BARBER and YOUNG, of Connecti-
cut,
Mr. DEMING, of Vermont;
Messrs. PIERSON, BROWN, DICKSON,
ADAMS, BEARDSLEY, and CLARK, of New
York; Messrs. H. KING, LAPORTE, STOD-
DERI', MOORE, HAWES, BEATTY, CHIL-
TON, and LEA.
Mr. BURD offered the following resolution,
which was agreed to.
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquii e into the expediency
of causing a survey and examination to be made
by a competent engineer,  of the loute  between
Cumberland, Maryland,and Newryor Hollidays-
burg, in Huntingdon county, Penn-ylvama, with
I a view to connec the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal
j and  the Pennbylvama  Canal, by a turnpike or
1 railroad, as may appear most expedient.
Mr WATVÍOUGH presented several memo-
rials from Montgomery county, on the subject of
the removal of the deposites, the consideration of
which were postponed till Monday next.
Mr CLAY presented the petition of Isaac
Wellborn, jr , asking the confirmation of his title
to a tract ot land reserved to Thomas Harrison,
under the tieaties of 1817 and 1819, between the
United States and the Cherokee tribe of Indians;
which was íeferred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
The bill to revise and amend theactfoi theiehef
of insolvent debtors, passed by the House of Rep-
resentatives, and amended by the Senate, was
taken up, and, on motion of Mi. E WHITTLE-
SEY, retened to the Committee on the Judiciaiy.
The bill for the relief of Matthew Daly, as
amended by the Senate, was taken up, and the
amendment concurred in.
The bill from the Senate, supplementary to the
act to altei and amend the seveial acts imposing
duties on ímpoiís, appioved July 14, 1832, was
read twice, and refened to the Committee of Ways
and Means
Several pnvate hil'sfrom the Senate were read
twice, and re'ened.
The following message was received from the
President of the United States, by the hands of
Mr. DoNELSONf, his Private Secretary;
To the House of Repi esentahves
o} the United States ■
I transmit a lettei from the Marquis de Rocham-
beau, to the Minuter of theUmted States in Prance,
referring to the petition of certain descendants of
the Count de Rochambeau, which was communi-
cated to the House of Representatives, with my
message of 22d February, 1833. Extracts from
the dispatcnes of Mr Living&ton to the Secietary
of State, respecting the same subject, are also sent.
I likewise transmit for the consideration of the
House, a petition from the heirs of Baron de
Kalb,  (accompanied  by a note from General
Lafayette,) praying remuneration for services ren-
dered by the Baron, to the United States, during
the war of the Revolution.
ANDREW JACKSON.
Washington, 19í/t Muy, 1834.
On motion of Mi E. EVERETT, the above
message, with the accompanying papers, was re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations, and
ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. WARD,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 27, 1834.
A message upon executive business was re-
ceived from the President of the United States, by
Mr. Donelson, his Private Secretaiy.
PETITIONS.
Mr. SMITH presented the remonstrance of a
number of the inhabitants of Connecticut against
the renewal of the patent of John Ames, paper-
maker.
Mr. EWING presented the memorial of 1163
inhabitants of Washington county, Ohio, praying
a restoiation of the deposites to the Bank of the
United States, and the renewal of the chaiter of
that institution. Referred to the Committee on
Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. "WEBSTER rose and said, that in the in-
telligent and philanthropic community in which it
was his pleasure to reside, great efforts had been
made, and pains taken to improve the condition
and elevate the moral character of the sailors in
the mercantile marine of the United States. Ex-
ertions had been made to educate them, and to
teach them the value of propeity, by means of
saving institutions. These means had been pro-
moted and assisted by a clergyman coming from
the class itself, and it was hoped that much pro-
gress had been made in the substantial improve-
ment of the sailor. A large number of the citizens
of Boston had united in a memorial to Congress
on this subject, and they were of opinion that a
portion of the revenue arising from the commeice
of the country, which the sailor contributes essen-
tially to piomote and inciease, csuld not be better
applied than to establish the means of giving him
I intelectual and moral improvement. This memo-
I rial he held in his hand, and it was signed by per-
' sons m various public stations: first, by the muni-
cipal officers of Boston; next by clergymen, then
by meichants, ship-owners, seamen, and others
Mr. W. said it was well known that this class of
peisons were always the objects of the particular
care of Government. They were so in the United
States. Hence the means which had been pro-
vided foi the support and maintenance of sickand
disabled seamen. And perhaps it would be no
extravagant extension of this charity to provide
the means of then education. This, however, was
a subject for the consideiation of the committee to
whom this memoual would be referred.
Mr W. moved i's refe^nce to the Committee
on Commerce; which was agreed to.
REPORTS.
Mr TOMLINSON, from the Committee on
Pensions, reported a bill to amend an act entitled
"An act for the relief of the su'vivmg officers,
non-commissioned ofiiceis, and soldiers of the Rev-
olution," passed in 1832 The bill was lead, and
ordered to a second reading
Mr SHEPLEY, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, made a report unfavorable to the
petition of Majoi George Gibson; which was con-
curred in.
The íeport of the Committee on Indian Affans,
unfavorable to the petition of John Walker, was
concurred in
Mi. WEBSTER gave notice that he should,
to-morrow, move that the Senate proceed to ex-
ecutive business.
Mr CLAY gave notice that on to morrow he
would move for lepve to introduce a joint resolu-
tion, the object of which would be to reassert
what the Senate had asserted in a resolution of
its own, that the reasons of the Secretary for the
removal of the deposites were unsatisfactory and
insufficient; and to provide, that after the first of
July next, all deposites of the public revenue shall
be made in the Bank of the United States and us
