412
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
May 29,
might be disposed of in two or three days more.
If the earliest period named should be fixed on,
there would then be eight or ten days for other
measures. The bill regulating the deposites of
public money would not probably find its way
through theother end of the Capitol; but he trust-
ed the House did not require any great length of
time to perform its duty to the country on that
question. The gold coin bill would not, he be-
lieved, be a subject of debate, and might be dis-
posed of in.a few hours. These and other import-
ant measures might be disposed of by the 16th of
June. Allusion had been made to the proceed-
ings of the committee for investigating the bank.
All he desired was the opinion of the House upon
the report. He presumed every gentleman pres-
ent had fully made up his mind upon the subject.
If a general debate was to be gone into, the 30th
'of June was too short a period—the 30th of July
would be too short—the 31st of December would
be too short. If that subject was to be debated in
the manner of which the House had had many
instances, the first of January would not afford
sufficient time. He should not vote on this ques-
tion with a view of giving time for such a debate.
The gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Ells-
worth] thinkslt necessary that the House should
express its opinion upon the removal of the de-
posites. Does the gentleman wish to travel over
thatquestion again? That gentleman had shown
the fertility of his invention in finding reasons «by
a certain great corporation should not speak out.
Reasons quite as strong might be found why the ¡
House should not. The privileges of that corpo-
lation seem to be one thing, and those of the House
quite a different thing. But the House .has ex-
pressed itsopinion upon the removal of the depos-
ites. If the gentleman doubts the fact, he begged
liim to examine the proceedings of the House.
Unless the refusal of the bank to speak in reply
' to the inquiry of the House had commended it to
the good opinion'of gentlemen, he presumed no
different decision would be made by the House
upon that question. In view of all circumstances,
he hoped the earliest day would be determined on.
Mr. CHAMBERS had hoped the House would
not adjourn until some relief had been afforded
against the ruinous policy of the Government.
For that purpose he was willing to remain until
September. But we had been here six mouths—
our tables had been loaded with memorials on the
subject—and no legislation had been accomplished
upon the great interests of the country. For his
own part, he despaired of any, and was now con-
tent to fix a ilny of adjournment He would pre-
fer that named by the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Polk,] as it would give the House time to
act upon several important subjects. The bill regu-
lating the deposites of public money ought to be
acted on,connected with the resolution of thegen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams] inquir-
ing into the state of the deposite banks. In his
opinion, it would be precipitate to fix upon a day
so early as the lG'.h of June.
Mr. PARKER proposed to amend the resolu-
tion, by fixing the 23d of June, instead of the 16th.
. Mr. BURüES had been willing to protract the
decision upon this question, in the hope that some
accident, propitious to the welfare of the country,
might have intervened, and induce the House to
retrace its steps. But he had become satisfied that
the moment the indispensable business was done,
the session should be ended. He had hoped that
when distress and desolation were covering the
land, the House would have done its duty. But
the people must take the matter into their own
hands. Whenever the bill placing the deposites
of public money into the State banks should pass, ,
a revolution would commence, and ought to com- i
. menee, As to the resolutions reported by the in- |
vestigating committee, no person dared to vote for I
that which proposed to drag freemen before the I
House, for a constructive contempt. There was !
not a tribunal in the civilized world which would i
enforce such a proposition. The only object in !
making; it, was to take the eyes of the public from !
that individual who was grasping at the liberties of ¡
the people. Would the House adjourn and leave I
the public treasjurein the hands of those marauders !
who have got possession of it? Would the House !
sit here thirty days lunger and not vindicate its I
rights.                                                                           Í
Mr. H. EVERETT wished to bring to the no-
tice of the House some important measures which
had riot been referred to. There was a variety of
important business before the House, some por-
tion of which was of a political character. That
to which he alluded was not of that description.
It was the bills which had been recently reported
by the Committee on Indian Affairs. Whenever
the attention of the House should be directed to
them, he presumed the House would not be will-
ing to adjourn without passing them. He hoped
the House would devote a week to the consider-
ation of these bills, and for that purpose would
propose the 7th of July as the day of adjourn-
ment.
Mr. E. then moved to refer the resolution to a
select committee, with instructions to report what
public business was necessary to be acted on, and
on what day the House might adjourn.
Mr. BOON asked to modify the resolution so as
to fix on the 23d of June instead of the 16th, as
the day of adjournment.
Mr. E. EVERETT would have no objection
to the motion of his friend from Vermont, [Mr.
H. Everett,] if it would effect any practical pur-
pose. But his experience on such a committee
as was proposed to be raised, as well as in the
House, had taught him that much time would
be spent in the committee in a struggle between
favorite measures, which would be repeated in the
House.
The result would be, that the consideration of
what ought to be done would occupy the time
which should have been spent in doing it. He was
in favor of an early day, and was willing to agree
to the resolution as now modified, and hoped the
House would go effectually about the transaction
of its necessary business.
Mr. SPEIGHT presumed that the mind of
every gentleman present was made upon this sub-
ject; he, therefore, moved the previous question;
which was not sustained—ayes 87, noes 88.
Mr. BEARDSLEY moved to strike out the 23d
and insert the 16th June, in the resolution as mod-
ified .
The CHAIR (temporarily occupied by Mr.
Hubbard) decided that the motion to commit
was first in order; if that should be negatived, the
propositions would be taken up in their order, the
longest day first.
Mr. H. EVERETT then withdrew his motion
to commit,and moved that the 7th day of July be
fixed as the time of adjournment.
Mr. BATES requested his friend [Mr. H. Ev-
erett] to withdraw the proposition. For himself
he should vote for the earliest day named. The
responsibility of fixing the tune should rest upon
the majority; and he hoped the gentlemen with
whom he usually acted would not interpose in the
matter at all.
Mr. H. EVERETT could not comply with the
request. He did not regard this as a party ques-
tion. It was a business question; and the respon-
sibility of its decision rested upon every individual,
according to his vote.
Mr. SEABORN JONES was opposed to fixing
any day of adjournment until some of the import-
ant measures before the House should be settled,
particularly that regulating the deposites of the
public money. He did not understand the argu-
ment that fixing the day was necessary for the
despatch of business. The proper mode of hast-
ening the day of adjournment was to sit and do
the business necessary, and which the country
required to be done.
After a few remarks from Mr. BURD,
Mr. S. JONES moved that the further consid-
eration of the resolution be postponed for a fort-
night.
This motion was negatived without a count.
Mr. DAVENPORT moved that it be postponed
for a week; upon which he demanded the yeas and
nays; which were not ordered.
Mr. JONES demanded tellers; which were
ordered; eleven only voted in the affirmative.
The question was then stated on fixing the 7th
July as the day of adjournment, which was de-
cided in the negative as follows—yeas 28, nays 173.
YEAS—Messrs. Heman Allen, Barnitz, Blair,
Burd, Carmichae!,Clowney, Denny, Dunlap, H.
Everett, P. C. Fuller, Gilmer, Graham, Hanne-
gan, Hardin,   Jarvis,  William Cost Johnson,
Kinnard, Lane, Lewis, Lytle, McCarty, McKim,
McLene, Parks, Pearce, Plummer, Philemon
Thomas, and Vance—28.
NAYS—Messrs. John Q,.Adams, John Adams,
John J.. Allen, Chilton Allan, William Allen, An-
thony, Archer, Ashley, Banks, Barber, Barringer,
Bates, Baylies, Bean, Beardsley, Beatty, Beau-
mont, John Bell, Bockee, Bodle, Boon, Bouldin,
Briggs, Brown, Bull, Bunch, Burges, Burns, By-
num, Cage, Cambreleng, Campbell, Carr, Casey,
Chambers, Chaney, Chilton, Choate, S. Clark,
William Clark, Clay, Clayton, Coffee, Connor,
Corwin, Coulter, Cramer, Crockett, Amos Davis,
Davenport, Day, Deberry, Deming, Dickson,
Dickerson, Dickinson, Ellsworth, Edward Ever-
ett, Ewing, Felder, Fowler, William K. Fuller,
Fulton, Galbraith, Gamble, Garland, Gholson,
Gillet, Gordon, Gorham, Grayson, Grennell,
Griffin, Jos. Hall, Hiland Hall, Halsey, Hamer,
Hard, Joseph M. Harper, James Harper, Harri-
son, Hathaway, Hazeltine, Heath, Henderson,
Hiester, Howell, Hubbard, Jabez W. Hunting-
ton, Abel Huntington, Inge, JackSbn, Richard
M. Johnson, Noadiah Johnson, Benjamin Jones,
Seaborn Jones, Kavanagh, Lansing, Laporte,
George W. Lay, Luke Lea, Thomas Lee, Leavitt,
Lincoln, Love, Loyall, Lucas, Lyon, Abijah
Mann, Joel K. Mann, Martindale, Marshall, Mar-
dis, John Y. Mason, Moses Mason, McComas,
Mclntire, McKay, McKennan, McKinley, Mc-
Vean, Miller, Robert Mitchell, Moore, Muhlen-
berg, Murphy, Osgood, Page, Parker, Patton,
Patterson, Peyton, Pierce, Pierson, Polk, Pope,
Potts, Ramsey, Schenck, Schley, Wm. B. Shep-
ard, A. H. Shepperd,Shinn,Wm. Slade, Charles
Slade, Sloane,' Smith, Spanker, Speight, Standi-
fer, Stoddert, Sutherland, William Taylor, Wm.
P. Taylor, FrancisThomas,Thomson,Tompkins,
Turner, Turril!, Tweedy, Vanderpoel, Van Hou-
ten, Vinton, Wagener, Wardwell, Wayne, Web-
ster, Whallon, Edward D.White, Frederick Whit-
tlesey, Ehsha Whittlesey, Wilde, Williams—173.
The question being on the motion to insert the
30th day of June,
Mr. VANCE said he should vote for this day,
although he was in favor of a later day. No one
could Took at the state of our calendar without
being convinced that, by the 23d, we could not act
upon the ordinary business of the session, to say
nothingofthe bill respecting the deposites. What
was the condition of the appropriation bills ? The
general appropriation bill, which occupied six
weeks in its discussion here, had not yet been
taken up in the Senate, and it could not be sup-
posed that the Senate would finally act upon it by
the 23d instant. Some of the appropriation bills
would be lost if the 23d instant should be fixed.
Mr. CAMBRELENG, in a few words.'signified
his concurrence in the proposition to fix upon the
30th of June, and he expressed the ho"pe that
there would be such a majority in favor of the
motion as would evince an intention, on the part
of the House, at least, to make an effort to des-
patch the public business.
The question being then taken, it was decided
in the negative: Yeas 97, nays 109.
YEAS—Messrs. Heman Allen, William Allen,
Anthony, Ashley, Barni z, Barringer, Beaumont,
James M. Bell, Blair, Bouldin, Burd, Bynum,
Cambreleng, Carmichael, Chambers, Chaney,
William Clavk, Clowney, Coffee, Connor, Amos
Davis, Day, Denny, Duncan, Dunlap, Evans, H.
Everett, Ewing, Forester, Fulton, Galbraith, Gil-
let, Gilmer, Gordon, Graham, Grayson, Hamer,
Hannegan, Hardin, James Harper, Harrison,
Heath, Henderson, Howell, Abel Huntington,
Jarvis, Seaborn Jones, Benjamin Jones, Kava-
nagh, Kinnard, Lane, Laporte, Leavitt, Lewis,
Lyon, Lytle, A. Mann, Joel K. Mann, Marshall,
McCarty, Mclntire, McKay, McKennan, Mc-
Kim, McLene, McVean, Miller, Robert Mitchell,
Moore, Murphy, Osgood, Parks, Patton, Patter-
son, Dutee J. Pearce, Franklin Pierce, Polk, Potts,
Shinn, William Slade, Charles Slade, Standifer,
Stoddert, Sutherland, Francis Thomas, Philemon
Thomas, Thomson, Tompkins, Turner, Vance,
Van Houten, Vinton, Webster, Edw. D.White,
Wilson, and Wise—97.
NAYS—Messrs. John Gtuincy Adams, John
Adams, John J. Allen, Banks, Barber, Bates,
Baylies, Bean, Beardsley, Beatty, Bockee, Bodle,
Boon, Briggs, Brown, Bull, Burges, Burns, Cage,
