424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3.
country had been more accessible to his fellow-
ciüzens,orhad, in his personal intercourse, shown
more courtesy and respect, than the present Presi-
dent of the United States The resolution which
he had formed to íeeeive communications from
committees only m writing, no doubt grew out of
the great injustice with which he had been treated
in the repoits of some of those comaiittees. Mr.
B sincerely believed, that the conversations of the
President had been greatly misrepresented in some
of the instances to which he had alluded. In more
tranquil times than the present, party prejudices
were but too apt to influence the opinions and ac-
tions of men; and at this period of unprecedented
party excitement, that individual would stand but
little chance of having justice done him, whose
opinions were promulgated to the woild by politi-
cal opponents, colored by all their party preju-
dices, and liable to all the distomons winch en-
mity and bitterness so well understood the use
of
The memorial (said Mr B ) described the dis-
tress in the State of Pennsylvania, as pervading
every branch of industry, wmch was attnbuted to
the removal of the public moneys fiom the Bank
of the United States He did not doubt that some
of those who composed the committee charged by
the convention with bunging hither the memorial,
were distressed. That portion of them who were
stockholdeis, as he was infoimed some of them
were, felt, no doubt, a great repugno nee to the dis-
continuance of an institution which had yielded
them large profits, and by the íecharter of which,
their stock would have usen gieatly in value
Avarice submits, most reluctantly, to the discon-
tinuance of us accustomed profits, and to the ex-
tinction of its hopes fur the enhanced value of its
. stocks. Ambition, on the other hand, stti renders
with keen pain, and only when compelled, the
great political lever which this powerful corpora-
tion furnishes. Mr. B. was not sufficiently m
formed of the present condition of the people of
Pennsylvania to give an opinion as to the extent
of the distress which the memorial reprenented as
existing in that wealthy and respectable Common-
wealth; but he thought it by no means a necessary
consequence, that all its great interests were dis-
tressed, because thosewho happened to be interest-
ed in the Bank of the United States might so im-
agine it, or so represent it. He, on the contraiy,
heaitily subsciibed to the sentiment expressed by
Mi. Rush, a distinguished citizen of that State, at
a public meeting held not long since in Philadel-
phia, that it is a libel on the free people and lepub-
¡ican institutions of this country, to say that they
aie indebted for their piospenty to the Bank of
the United States, but that (he causes of their hap
pmess and prosperity are to be found in our ex-
cellent system of Government, in the enteipnse
and industry of its citizens, and in the abundant
and varied resources of our country.
Mi. B said that the honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts had most earnestly invoked the
citizens of Pennsylvania to look to their interests,
and to unite in producing a change in the meas-
ures of the Administration     Mr  Í3  «aid that the
invocation of the honorable gentleman was not, he I
piesumed, at ali necessary to induce the people of I
that State to take propei care of their own inter- i
ests.   They had always shown their entire com-
petency to do so, the most signal proofs of which
were to be found in looking at her piesent condi-
tion.
Mr B. said that the conduct of the bank had,
for the last two or three years, been marked by a
series of measures and bold pretensions, so hostile
to a republican form of government, that to tub-
mit to its demands, and to restore the public mo-
neys to its keeping, would be to acknowledge its
superiority, and become a lasting subject of na-
tional reproach. It had boldly thrown itself into
the party contests of the day, and thereby contrib-
uted to pollute the purity of our free system of
government. It had, as he most sincerely be-
lieved, done much to inflict distress upon the coun-
try, to compel its citizens to come into its meas-
ures. It had disregarded an express provision in
Us charter, and closed its doors against the investi-
gation ordeied by the representatives of the peo-
ple After having thus boldly contemned the
authority of the representatives of the people, and
through them, the people themselves, he should
deem it as humiliating to the nation to yield to
their demands, and replace the public moneys in
their custody,-as he should consider it unworthy
the national spirit to yield to an invading enemy
who demanded the submission of the country.
Mr   FORSYTH  replied that the gentleman
from Kentucky said he had come to the suppoit
of the Executive    He was not a defender of the
Executive, or of all his measures.   True, he had
had occlusion to defend the President of the Uni-
ted States from what he considered unjust assaults"
upon him; and he knew veiy well that his motives |
would be assailed by those who weie incapable of I
doing justice to him or to any other peison in his I
situation.    He intended  to say nothing of the j
characters of these gentlemen of the convention.
He knew some of them personally, and he knew ,
them to be respectable, but he had no respect for
then opinions.
Honorablegentlemensaid they were willing and ]
desirous to have an investigation of the bank But
there would be some pielimmary matters to be
settled before that could take place First, would
the majority of the committee be of those who be- j
heved the bank to be guilty > He did not offer the
proposition for the snip facias He said he would
not take the responsibility of offering it, but that if
gentlemen persisted that the bank was calumni-
ated, he offered them a substitute for the resolu-
tion. This they relused But honoiable gentle-
men admitted that the object of their puisuit was
power—to get hold of the offices of Government—
to coirect the President of the United States. We
Were contending for the adminisnatioo of the
Government What was the principle of gentle-
men in desning a seat in Congress, often at im-
mense sacrifices, both personal and pecumaiy, but
ambition' A desire for higher piares in serving
the people, and to prove to the people that they
deserved higher places These were high and
honorable purposes A desire to possess power
to administer the Government for the benefit and
happiness of the people, for our own glory, and
for the glory of the nation, and that our names
may descend to posterity in connection with its
greatness and renown. We had been told, over
and over again, that this was nota question of
bank or no bank, and the honorable gentleman
fiom Kentucky said that it was a question of law
and the Constitution, but, notwithstanding, he con-
cluded with the necessity and impoitance of—the
bank. After eulogizing the committee, he con-
cluded with the old threadbare subject of—the
bank—the bank—the bank. We had heard ap-
peals to General Washington as authoiity for__
the bank. The authoiity of the elder Adams, of
Madison, and of Monroe, to sustain—the bank.
And the experience of forty-five years-of pros-
penty to prove that the country cannot do without
—the bank.
But one word as to these committees of memo-
rialists, visiting the Piesident. He (Mr P )
denied that memorials had ever been sent to the
President. Committees were sent to Washington
with memorials to present to Congress, and of
then own mere will went to see the President out
of—respect to hun. He denied that they had ever
been refused by the President, or that he had ever
declined a personal mteiview with such persons
lie had refused to hear them in their official chai -
acter, and told them to give him in writing what
they had to say, and he would heai it and answer
it Th" honorable gentleman from Kentucky said
that a king of England would never refuse an in-
terview with his subjects in the manner the Pres-
ld nthadd n . That he sat in the East room,
folding himself up in all the pomp of eastern mag-
nificence, and refused to see his humble subjects
but upon prescribed terms. Weil, all this'was
very pretty—very pretty indeed, and very poetic.
But how was the fact  This ostentatious despot
asked his fellow-citizens to come and see him as a
farmer, laying aside official forms and ceremonies.
He says, represent to me what you please, and I
will give you a frank, candid answer This to
be sure, was very much like the ostentation of a
prince'
In regard to the gentleman's allusion to the
Globe, Mr P said he did not recollect eversaym 
anything of that papei which could justify the
honorable gentleman's remark. He had said that
he did not altogether like the manner m which it
was conducted; but it was a sheet of white paper
m comparison with the papers on the opposite
side The honorable member made some further
remarks which he (Mr P ) had forgotien,and if
he did not answer them, he hoped the honoiable
gentleman would forgive him.
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the resolution
submitted by him proposing an amendment to the
Constitution of the United States, as itiespects
the election of President and Vice President of the
United States, was refened to the select commit-
tee to whom was committed a similai resolution
offered by Mr Bibb.
GENERAL   ORDERS.
The joint resolution from the House of Rep-
resentatives, fixing upon the day of adjournment,
was taken up
Mi PORTER moved to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr BROWN asked for the yeas and nays,
which were oidered, and are as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Benton, Bibb, Chambers,
Clay, Clayton, Ewing, Grundy, Hendricks, Kent,
Naudain, Poiter, Robbins, Silsbee, Tyler, Wag-
aman, Webster, White—17.
NAYS—Messrs Bell, Black, Brown, Calhoun,
Forsyth, Frelmghuysen, Hill, Kane, King of Ala-
bama, King of Georgia, Knight, Leigh, Linn,
McKean, Mangum, Moore, Morris, Poindexter,
Prentibs, Preston, Robinson, Shepley, Smith,
Southard, Sprague, Swift—25.
After some conversation between Messrs.
BROWN, CLAY, GRUNDY, and BIBB,
Mr CLAY moved that the further considera-
tion of the resolution be postponed until Monday
next
Mr. BROWN asked the yeas and nays; which
were ordered, and are as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Benton, Bibb, Chambers,
Clay, Ewmg, Grundy, Hendricks, Kane, Kent,
Knight, Mangum, Moore, Naudain, Poindexter,
Porter, Preston, Robbins, Silsbee, Southard,
Sprague, Tomhnson, Tyler, Waggaman, Web-
ster, White—25.
NAYS—Messrs Bell,Black,Brown, Calhoun,
Clayton, Forsyth, Frelmghuysen, Hill, King oí
A labama, King of Georgia, Leigh, Linn, McKean,
Morns, Prentiss, Robinson, Shepley, Smith,
Swift, Tipton, Wilkms, Wright—22.
Mi CLAY then moved that the Senate take up
his resolutions, which was agreed to.
The resolutions being separated, and the ques-
tion being on the passage of the first,
Mr FORSYTH asked the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and are as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Bibb, Black, Calhoun,
CI ly, Clayton, Ewing, Frelmghuysen, Hendricks,
Kent, Kins of Georgia, Knight, Leigh,Mangum,
Naudain, Poindexter, Porter, Prentiss, Preston,
Robbins, Silsbee, Smith, Southard, Sprague,
Swift, Tomhnson, Tyler, Waggaman, Webster,
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, TBrown, Forsyth,
Grundy, Hill, Kane, King of Alabama, Linn,
M Kean, Morris, Robinson, Shepley, Tipton,
White, Wilkins, Wnght—16
The question ret uiring on the adoption of the
second resolution, which provides for the deposite
of the public monevs in the Bank of the United
States after the 1st July next —
Mr  FORSYTH, after intimating a wish toad-
diess the Senate on the subject, moved to postpone
the question till to-morrow; which was agreed to
BILLS.
The following bills were read a third time and
passed:
A bill for the relief of John Chandler and Wil-
liam Johnson,
A bill for the relief of the town of Fayetteville,
in the Territory of Arkansas;
A bill for the better organization of the United
States Marine Corps, and to abolish brevet rank
in the Army.
[Upon this bill the yeas and nays were demanded
by Mr FORSYTH, which were ordered, and are
as follows-
YEAS—Messrs Bell, Bibb, Black, Chambers,
Clay,Clayton, Ewmg, Frelmghuysen, Hendricks,
Kane, Kent, Lmn, Mangum,Poindexter, Prentiss
Pieston, Robbins, Silsbee, Southard, Sprague,
Smith, Swift, Webstei, Wilkms, Wright—25
