1834.                                THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                   425
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Forsyth, Grundy,
Hill, King of Georgia, McKean, Moore, Morris,
Robinson, Shepley, Tipton, VVliile^-12.]
A bill granting to General P. Thomas, of Lou-
isiana, a tract of land, in consideration of the mil-
itary services rendered by him in taking posses-
sion of that portion of West Florida included in
the district of Baton Rouge.
[Mr. FORSYTH moved a reconsideration of
the vote passing this last bill, and demanded the
yeas and nays; which were ordered, and areas
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Black, Forsyth, Hill, Kent,
King of Alabama, King of Georgia, McKean,
Shepley, Swift, Tomlinson, White, Wilktns—12.
ÑAYS—Messrs. Benton, Bibb, Brown, Cham-
bers, Clay, Frelinghuysen, Grundy, Hendricks,
Kane, Linn, Moore, Poindexter, Porter, Pren-
tiss, Preston, Uobmson, Silsbee, Smith, South-
ard, Tipton, Webster—21.
So the Senate refused to reconsider the vote.]
REPORTS.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
Francis Preston and wife; which was read, and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr. KANE, on leave, introduced a bill to ad-
mit, free of .duty, books and apparatus intended
for colleges and other literary institutions; which
was read twice, and referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. WEBSTER moved that the Senate take
up for consideration the Indian appropriation bill;
which was agreed to.
After the usual number of readings, the bill was
passed and returned to the House; and the Sen-
ate then, on motion of Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN,
Adjourned.__________________
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, Ame 3, 1834.
Mr. C. P. WHITE, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported bills for the relief of John
H. Auhck and Silas Duncan; which were read
twice and committed.
Mr. E. WHITTLESEY, from the Committee
of Claims, reported bills for the relief of Henry
Knowles, sen., and of John Pollock; which were
read twice and committed.
Mr. STODDERT, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, reported a bill prohibiting
the Corporations of Washington, Georgetown,
and Alexandria, in the District of Columbia, from
issuing promissory notes of a less denomination
than ten dollars after the period therein mentioned;
which was read, and,
On motion of Mr. VINTON, was postponed to
Friday next, being the day set apart for business
of the District.
Mr. SMITH offered the following resolution,
by consent:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to communicate to this House a copy of the re-
port of the survey recently made of the harbor of
Portland, Maine, by Colonel Anderson, with a
copy of the map and profile of the said harbor and
breakwater, proposed to be constructed therein.
Also, copies of each preceding survey which has
been made of said harbor, and now on file in the
Department.                                         t
Which, by the rules, lays one day upon the
table.
*          KENTUCKY CONTESTED ELECTION.
The CHAIR announced the business in order
to be the unfinished business of Saturday, being
the Kentucky election.
Mr. ADAMS said, the business of yesterday
had occupied the only day in the week set apart
by the rules for the reception of petitions and me-
morials. As the session drew towards its close,
it was important that the wishes of the people
should be laid before the House with the utmost
facility. He therefore hoped the House would
consent to receive memorials this day, and made
that motion.
Mr. WILLIAMS said, the important business
now pending rendered  it incumbent on him to
object to the motion.
Mr. DENNY moved the suspension of the rules,
to enable the motion to be made.
Mr. MANN inquired how many speeches were
adjourned over from the pievious petition day.
The CHAIR stated that six petitions had been
postponed from the Monday of the preceding
week.
The question was then taken on suspending the
rule, and was negatived without a division.
The CHAIR then stated the question before
the House to be the fifth branch of the following
amendment, proposed by Mr. Banks, to the reso-
lution reported by the Committee of Elections:
"That all the legal votes which were received
' in Lancaster, Garrard county, whilst Moses
' Grant, Esq., acted as one of the judges, on the
' first morning of the election, in August last, and
' those of a like character, given on the second
' day of the elec ion, in the casual absence of the
' sheriff, ought to be estimated in ascertaining the
' result of the election."
Mr. BANKS accepted as a modification the mo-
tion of Mr. JONES, to amend theamendment, by
substituting the word "qualified " for "legal,"
and striking out the word " casual."
Mr. BANKS also modified his amendment by
adding to it the following:
"That the votes of David McKee, Alfred W.
' Buford, Elijah Mount, Clayton Fitzpatrick.Wil-
' liam It. Preston, R. L. Berry, B. Leffler, R.
' McKeown,G. M. Ormond, and Lewis L. Ma-
' son-, given in Mercer county, be counted; the
' first nine for R. P. Letcher, and the last one for
«T. P.Moore.
"That the votes of John McHan, Reuben
' Young, Vincent Inge, Jacob Coffman, William
'Jenkins, and the Rev. D. Robertson, be taken
'from the number of vetes all i wed by ti e majority
' of the committee to Moore, in Mercer county,
' and added to those counted for Letcher.
"That the votes of Eli Williams and Wade
' Dawson, of Anderson county, and that those of
' William Conner, Charles Welsh, Thomas Har-
' ns, Montgomery Vanlandingham, Joseph Mur-
1 'rain, Levi Nunnery, Richard Curd, Anderson
: ' Hulet,  Hickman   Evans, Henry  Wood, and
' Richard Whi e, of Jessamine county, be counted
i 'for R. P. Letcher."
Mr. BANKS modified this part of the amend-
i ment by striking out the names of Harris, Nun-
' nery, and Curd.
Mr. B. then advocated this branch of the amend-
ment at length.
Mr. S. JONES replied to the statements and
arguments of Mr. Banks.
The debate was continued by Messrs. MAR-
SHALL, POPE, and HARDIN; when
Mr. HANNEGAN moved to amend the bal-
ance of the amendment, by striking out the whole
which had not been adopted by the House, and
inserting instead a clause providing that the names
of Benjamin Higbee and Carey A. Wiley be
stricken from the poll of Mr Letcher.
Mr. HARDIN objected that the amendment to
the amendment was not in order.
The CHAIR sustained the proposition in point
of order, but suggested that it would present the
question in a more direct and intelligible manner
to offer it at a subsequent stage.
Mr. HANNEGAN assented to this course, and
then argued the principles of the amendment before
the House at length.                  ,„vni;m>npr
He was followed by Messrs. VANDERPOEL,
CLAYTON, PEYTON, PARKER, BURGES,
MOORE, HAMER, CBILTON, WILLIAMS,
MANN,BEATTY,CHILTONALLAN,GAM-
BLE.and HARPER, of Pennsylvania.
Mr. HUBBARD remarked that it had been his
intention to have submitted at length his views
upon the main resolution; but for the last six
weeks such had been his situation that it had not
been in his power to have participated in the de-
bate; and he would assure the House that he had
not risen at this hour of the day, and at this stage
of the proceeding, to go into any general discussion
of the subject. He merely wished, in as brief a
manner as practicable, to present a few considera-
tions upon the immediate question before the
House. It is now proposed to amend the main
resolution reported by the committee, by adding
to the list in favor of Mr. Letcher the votes which
him in Anderson
■e entered upon the
ll poll book, one by the name of Williams, the other
appear to have been give  for
'' county by two persons who were entered upon tlie
by the name of Dawson; which votes had been
rejected by the committee, on theground thatthey
were given by persons who had no legal residence
in that county on the first Monday of August last,
the time when the election took place. And, sir,
disguise it as you may, the real and the only ques-
tion is, touching this point, does the evidence ad-
duced satisfy our minds that no persons bearing
those names could have had, at the time of the
election, a legal residence in the county where they
voted? Werethereany such persons then residing
within the limits of that county? If not, most
clearly the committee did right in rejecting the
votes which were given by them.
There is no member of this House who will not
readily agree to this proposition.   It is too plain
to require argument; and if such a fraud has been
practiced upon the right of suffrage, it became the
bounden duty of the Committee of Elections to
detect it, and to prevent its injurious operation in
the case before the House.   They have attempted
to do this, and they have done it in a way and
manner that leaves not a particle of doubt upon
| his mind that their finding, mthisparticular, ought
to be confirmed by the House.   He had examined,
with some attention, the reports of the majority
and of the minority of the committee, and he had
endeavored, from thearguments of the parties liti-
gant, and from all the lights which had been shed
upon the ease, to form for himself an opinion. He
had so done; and he felt no embarrassment what-
ever upon the immediate question now under con-
sideration.   What is the evidence?   Itisadmitted
that the names of Williams and of Dawson areto
be found on the poll book, and that these votes
stand entered as having been given for Mr. Letch-
er; but is this fact conclusive?   Is it not competent
to contradict it by parole evidence ?  Is a poll book
a record of such a description that you cannot con-
trovert it—that you cannot impeach it—that you
cannot destroy its force by other testimony?  Sir,
those who contend for such a doctrine, would find
it difficult to sustain themselves.   The law is not
so.    He would most freely admit that the record
(as it is called)—the poll book—the mere entry of
the names of the voters, is evidence, and evidence
which, if uncontradicted, must satisfy the mind of
every person, that such proceedings did take place,
i  the way, and in the manner, and by the persons,
as the record purports to show; but it is not abso-
lute__it is not conclusive evidence of the facts.    It
was evidence of a prima facie character; and not,
as the gentleman from Pennsylvania was under-
stood to say, beyond the power of being explained
and controverted. It is evidence; but it is evidence
which may be impeached—which may be wholly
destroyed by other testimony; and sir, it has been
so treated—it has been so .admitted, by mostof the
gentlemen who have taken part in this discussion.
It should be so considerd. Well, then, what is
the amountof evidence of personal identity result-
ing from this poll book ?
It is nothing more and nothing less than that
two persons, calling themselves by such names,
appeared at the place of election, and claimed the
¡ ri ht of voting.  The right was granted—they did
!i vote, and they did vote for Mr. Letcher.   And
!  here he would remark, that notwithstanding the
I positive requirements of the statute of Kentucky—
11 notwithstanding it was the duty of the judges, in
'I case  the individual applying for liberty to vote
,   should not be personally known, to administer to
ij such applicant a particular oath, wherein the indi-
! vidual  declares his qualifications as a voter, and
his right to  vote—notwithstanding such is the
language of the law, he had understood that in
practice, the oath was seldom administered, except
in cases where the right of the person offering to
vote was challenged.
In the two cases before us, the individuals, be-
yond all doubt, voted as a mere matter of course.
There is no evidence that these voters were chal-
lenged, or that they were sworn on the occasion.
And he asked with confidence whether they could
have been personally known to the judges of the
election. He had come to an entirely different
conclusion from the evidence adduced. With such
a record, made as it was, and preserved as it had
been, he could not doubt that two persons did
actually appear, and did assume the names of
Williams and Dawson, and did claim the right to
vote, and did enjoy that right.   But the inquiry
