1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
429
require. Mr. W. went into a statement of the
occupation of East Florida by the United States
in 1811, and the natme of the claims arising out
of this occupation.
After a few remarks between Messrs MeKAY
and WHITE, the bill was laid aside
On motion of Mr. LYON, the bill providing for
the creation of certain land districts, &.c , was
taken up and read.
Several veibal amendments were adopted on
motion of Mr LYON.
Mr. CLAY moved an additional section, author-
izing registers and receivers at land offices to
administer oaths relative to the business of their
offices, which was agreed to.
On motion of Mr SEVIER, the bill fromtfhe
Senate authorizing the President to cause certain
roads to be opened in the Territory of Arkansas,
was taken up and read.
After some explanations between Messrs. Me-
KAY and SEVIER, the bill was laid aside.
On motion of Mr. WHITE, the bill authorizing
a road to be cut out from the northern boundary
of Florida to the town of Appalachicola, was
taken up and read.
Mr. WHITE moved an amendment, providing
for the survey of a road from Tallahassee to Cape
Florida, and a survey of the harbor of Appalachi-
cola.
After an explanation from Mr WHITE, the
bill was laid aside
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, the bill to mark
and open a load from Columbia to Little Rock, in
Arkansas, was read and laid aside.
On motion of Mr LYON, the bill from the Sen-
ate, providing for the construction of ceitam ter-
ritorial roads in the Territory of Michigan, was
read and laid aside.
A bill supplementary to the act authorizing the
President to run and mark the dividing line be-
tween the Territory of Florida and Georgia, was
taken up for consideration
Mi FOSTER moved an amendment, dnectmg
that the boundary line between Georgia and Floi-
lda be run according to the treaty of 1783, which
he supported in a speech of some length.
Mr. WHITE, of Floiida, opposed the motion,
and it was supported by Mr. GILMER, when,
the question being taken, the motion was lost.
The bill foi running and marking the boundaiy
line in the State of Missouri, was taken up, and
amended,on motion ofMr BULL, so as to direct
the line to be run up the Missouri river till it
reaches a parallel with the rapids of Des Moines
river
Mr. WILLIAMS moved a leconsideration of
the vote by which the amendment was adopted,
but withdrew it aftei a discussion, in which
Messis. BULL, WILLIAMS, GAMBLE, H.
EVERETT, and ASHLEY, took part A further
amendment was offered by Mi BULL, which
was rejected.
The bill for the relief of certain persons em-
ployed as spies by General Clark, was considered.
Also, a bill for the relief of Peter Alba and his
legal assigns
Also, a bill for the survey of ceitam nvers and
roads, and for the improvement of a harbor in the
Territory of Michigan.
The bill for the relief of sundry citizens of Ar-
kansas, who lost their improvements ill conse-
quence of a tieaty with the Choctaw Indians, was
taken up for consideration.
After some discussion by Messrs. DUNCAN,
CLAY, HUNTINGTON, McKAY, FILL-
MORE, H. EVERETT, MASON, WARD-
WELL, and SEVIER, on the general policy of
the bill—
An amendment was, on motion of Mr. H. EV-
ERETT, adopted, íestncting the application of
the act to such persons as abandoned their im-
provements before the first day of June, 1828.
The bill to authorize the Legislative Council of
Michigan to hold an extia session was taken up,
and after some explanations fiom Mr LYON, of
Michigan, was directed to be reported to the
House.
The bill to authorize the President of the United
States to cause the lead mines in the State of
Illinois and the Territory of Michigan to be sold,
and for other puiposes, was taken up for consider-
aron
Mi. PARKER and Mr. WILLIAMS opposed
the consideration of the bill at this time,and Mr
DUNCAN expiewsed the hope that the committee
would proceed with the consideiation
After some conversation upon the question,
whether it was in order to consider the bill this
day,
Messrs. ASHLEY, DUNCAN, GAMBLE,
and R. M JOHNSON, briefly advocated the bill,
and Messrs REED, WARDWELL, FILL-
MORE, and PARKER, opposed it.
Mr WILLIAMS moved to amend the bill so
as to provide that six months' notice should be
given of the sale; which was agreed to
The discussion was further continued by Messrs.
J. a ADAMS, DUNCAN, VINTON, CLAY,
and LYON of Michigan, when the bill was
amended, on motion of Mr VINTON, and di-
rected to be reported to the House
On motion of Mi. LYON, the committee rose,
and reported the above bills to the House
Mi LYON moved that the House go into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
for the purpose of considering certain bills relative
to the Territories, which had been referred to that
committee, which motion, after some conversa-
tion, he withdrew.
The seveial bills carried through the committee
were ordered to be engrossed, and read a thud
time to-morrow, excepting—
The bill for the relief of sundry citizens of
Arkansas who lost their improvements in conse-
quence of a treaty with the Choctaw Indians—
that authorizing the Piesidentto run and mark the
line dividing the Territories of the United States
and the State of Missouri—the bill authorizing the
sale of the lead mines, and the bill authoriz ng the
President to run and mark the dividing line be-
tween Geoigia and Florida, all of which were
postponed until to-morrow
The House then adjourned
IN SENATE
Friday, June 6, 1834.
The following bills weie read a third time, and
parsed:
A bill granting to the Stale of Ohio certain lands
for the support of schools in the Connecticut
Westein Reserve,
A bill further to extend the term of certain pen-
sions chargeable on the privateer pension fund,
A bill for the relief of John Percival, master
commandant in the Uni'ed States Navy; and
A bill fixing and establishing the northern boun-
dary line of the State of Ohio.
The following bills weie considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, reported to the Senate, and
ordered to be engrossed for a third leading.
A bill for the relief of Hannah Stone, and
A bill for the relief of Aaron Bellamy.
The following bills, upon being announced in
then turn upon the Calendai, were laid upon the
table-
The bill establishing the terntorial government
of Wisconsin;
[On the motion by Mr P01NDEXTER to lay
this bill on the table,
Mr. TIPTON said. The country called Michi-
gan proper, the peninsula between lakes Eneand
Michigan, was that intended for the State of Mich-
igan. That portion of country intended to form
the Wisconsin Ten itory, was all the country that
was now included in the Michigan Peri'tory lying
west of Lake Michigan, and east of the Missis-
sippi and Missouri rivers, a territory which would
be sufficient veiysoon to form two large States, as
it extended up the Missouh to White Earth river,
m Wisconsin. Mr. T. said theie must be at this
time at least ten thousand inhabitants in thatTer-
l ¡tory. About three thousand of these people were
settled west of the Missouri nver, andnoith of the
State of Missouu, who claimed the protection of
our laws. They were settling in the neighbor-
hood of Dubuque's mine, on the lands purchased
from the Sac and Fox Indians Mr T asked for
the reading of then petition, and after that he
would have no objection to lay the bill on the
table until the Senate could act on the bill for the
admission of Michigan into the Union ]
The bill supplementary to the act authorizing
the Terntoty of Florida to open canals between
Chipóla river and St. Andrew's bay, and from
Matanzas to Halifax river, in said Territory, ap-
proved March 2, 1839,
The till for the lelief of the owners and crew of
the late privateer Rogei, Roger Gluarles, master;
and
The bill for the relief of Sebastian Butcher, and
the heirs and legal representatives of Bartholomew-
Butcher, Michael Butcher, and Petei Bloom
[The discussion upon the merits of the last bill
gave rise to a conversation of a personal character
between Mr. POINDEXTER and Mr. LINN,
when, in order that the Senate might be in pos-
session of the entire facts connected with the case,
on motion of Mr. CLAY, the documents accom-
panying the bill were ordered to be printed.]
The bill granting pensions to certain persons
therein named, was, on motion of Mr. TOMLIN-
SON, made the special order of the day for to-
morrow
On motion of Mr. PRESTON, all the previous
oiders were postponed, and the Senate took up
the bill to increase and regulate the pay of the
surgeons and assistant surgeons of the army;
which was ordered to be engrossed for a thud
leading
The bill for the relief of the owners and crew
of the privateer Rogep, previously laid upon the
table, was, on motion of Mi. BIBB, again taken
up, considered, and rejected.
Mi TIPTON moved to take up the bill for the
repair of the Mars'Hill military road, in the State
of Maine; but, before the question was taken, on
motion of Mr MOORE,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, June 6, 1834.
Mi   POLK, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, lepoited a bill making additional appio-
priations for tne armory at Harper's Feiry, for the
yeai 1834    Read twice and committed.
Mr POLK, from the same committee, reported
a bill fiom the Senate, entitled " An act supple-
mental y to an act entitled ' An act to alter and
amend the several acts imposing duties on im-
I ports,'" appioved Jiíly 14, 183Í, which was
committed, and made the order of the day for to-
monow
Mr LEAVITT, fiom the Committee on Public:
Lands, reported a bill for the relief of Jacob Le-
fe\ re    Read twice and committed.
Mr JARV1S moved that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union be dischaiged
from the consideration of the " bill making appro-
priations for the public buildings and grounds, and
for other purpobes, "and that the same be referred
to the Committee of the Whole House; which was
agreed to.
The bill from the Senate, to aid in the construc-
tion of certain roads in the Territory of Michigan,
was taken up; the question being on its third
reading
Mr WILLIAMS made some objection to the
bill, and called for the yeas and nays on its engross-
ment, which were ordered.
Mi MERCER briefly supported the bill.
Mr McKINLEY imagined, he said, that it
would be difficult for any member of the House to
tell why those roads were making in various places.
Aftei considerable examination of the subject, he
could not tell. No committee had made a report
on the subject of the roads, and we had no infor-
mation respecting them from the Board of Engi-
neers. His own State derived no benefit fiom the
appropuations No loads weremadeby theUnued
States in Alabama, nor in many other States;
but here seveial hundred thousand dollars were to
be given for making roads in Territories We al-
lowed 3 per cent from the sale of public lands for
roads withm the new States and Territories, and 2
per cent for making roads to these States and Ter-
ritories, but it would be found that the appropria-
tions vastly exceeded the amount of those funds.
He thought the whole system was unjust and par-
tial in us operation. Gentlemen who were the
o<her day talking about economy, and of reducing
the salaries of clerks, had an opportunity now to
carry out their system without any difficulty.
Mr MERCER said it was not in the power of
the Territories to make.these roads, and if it was,
