43 í
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
Do gentlemen who are friendly to the bank expect,
in the present situation of affairs, that the nation
will presume all is fair, honest, and above impeach-
ment?    Do they desire us, with such evidence
beloie us, to vote in the dark? This effort to avoid ¡
all scrutiny into the affairs of this bank must have j
a tendency to confirm all the charges made against I
it.    There could be no other conclusion than that
its affairs wouid not bear the scrutiny of open day.
The friends of the deposite banks do not ask us
to vote in the dark.    They ask both to be placed
upon the same footing, as to inquiries into their
management.
If the United States Bank is conducted with as
much ability and purity of purpose as its friends
allege, certainly neither the bank nor its friends can
wish to bar the proposed scrutiny.    He should
more naturally expect them to challenge the most I
rigorous investigation into all its transactions. He j
must express the hope that the friends of the bank ;
would not shrink from the proposed inquiry nor i
attempt to avoid it, by withdrawing the resolution. ¡
Should either be done, he must be at liberty to be-
lieve that bank to. he unworthy of confidence, and
that its doings would not bear the test of public
scrutiny.    Conscious innocence always  invites
scrutiny, while guilt avoids it.    The bank has in
its own possession the evidence which is to decide
the charges made against it.    If it is innocent of
the charges, let us have the proof, which is in the
custody of the bank.    If the bunk and its friends
refuse us the information asked for, it will be a
virtual concession of" the guilt of the former, and |
the people will unhesitatingly condemn it.    The j
proposition to place both banks on the same foot- j
ing, is a liberal and proper one, and cannot be
objected to by either, if all is as it should  be.
Mr. G. said, no bank ought, to have the custody
of the public  money which  should   refuse the
information asked for. The friends of the deposite
banks challenge the inquiry.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Stew-
art's proposition to strike out, which was lost
without a division.
Mr. POLK then moved the foregoing amend-
ment.
Mr. ADAMS said if the getttleman would make
his inquiries precisely coextensive with that pro-
posed by the resolution, he would accept it as a
modification. But he could not consent to make
inquiries as to the debts due by the lawyers and
solicitors of the Bank of the United States, as he
had proposed no such'inquiry relative to the Slate
banks.
Mr. BEATTY moved to amend the amendment
proposed by Mr. Polk, by adding the following:
" Be U further resolved, That the Secretary also
' inform the House, whether the Piesident of the
' United Suites, heads of departments, and Treas-
'urer, have been in the habit of keeping their pri-
' vate accounts in the Branch Bank of the United
' States in the city of Washington; anil at what time
' did they, or either of them, cease to keep their
' accounts in said branch bank."
Mr.SELDEN suggested to the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Polk,] that the amendment, in
its present shape, would prevent the information
sought for from being furnished within any reason-
able time. It would be necessary to state the bal-
ances of each account for every day during an
entire year. By introducing the words "United
States and its branches," immediately after the
batiks referred to in the original resolution, the
information called for would be coextensive with
regard to each class of institutions.
Mr. ADAMS suid if the amendment should take
that shape, he would accept it as a modification.
Mr. POLK said the question before the House
wag not upon his amendment, but upon the prop-
osition to amend it moved by the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Beattv ] Had that proposition
covered the whole giound, he would not object to
it. There was no reason why this inquiry should
be confined to the executive officers. Such an
inquiry should not be made by piecemeal. He
would extend it, not simply to the executive offi-
cers, but to the judicial and legislative officers of the
Government—not only as to then credit at the
bank, but into the state of their indebtedness to the
bank. «In reply to the objections made to his
amendment, he had only to say that, instead of
reducing the inquiry in the manner suggested, he
would propose to extend the inquiry in the origi-
nal resolution into the indebtedness of the lav/yers ¡
and solicitors of .the deposite banks to those insti- !
tutions.                                                                          1
Mr. P. was appiized by the Chair that the hour
allotted to  morning business  had  elapsed.    His
remarks were accordingly suspended.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr.   HUBBARD  moved  the House go  into
Committee of the Whole, in execution of the spe- ¡
rial order of the day; which was agreed to, (Mr. ;
Briggs in the chair.)                                                   i
The bill for the benefit of the city of Washing- I
ton, which was under consideration when the com- j
mittee rose last evening, was again taken up, upon I
the motion of                                                               i
Mr. MANN, to strike out the enacting words, j;
Mr. PARKER supported the motion at length, j!
He felt eveiy disposition to relieve the Corpora- ¡I
lion and citizens of Washington from the burdens ■[
under which they compbioed of laboring, but M
could not do it noon the piinciples on which the lj
passage of this bill had been urged. He could not]!
lecognise the right of the Corporation of Wash- |
ington to valueand lax i lie public property. This \
Corporationjiad improvident!}' involved itself in
debt. It ivas in fact insolvent, and could pay j
neither piincipal nor interest. This ttate or' things ¡j
did not chanje the lclaiions between the Corpora- '\
tion and the Government. Mr. P. went into an '
explanation of the onginal foundati m of the city, I
and of the amount of the expenditures of public ;
money here, and contended that the Corporation
had no claim to he relieved from the debts which \,
had been improvidenily contracted. But if any ii
constitutional plan should be proposed for a loan !:
to the city by the United Siates, he would assent
to that course, even if the money should never be
repaid.                                                                           I
Mr  STODDERT replied in detail to the aigu- i
mentof Mr. Pakklr.    One of the great causes of !
the embarrassments of the Corporation, was the
magnificence of its plan, by  which the original ;
proprietors and their descendants have been in- ¡
volved in ruin.   This plan was not devised by ¡1
them, but was imposed on them by Congress.    It i¡
was projected for the benefit of the Union; and the ;
improvements which had been made were for the
benefit of the public.   The tax-paying citizens do i
not exceed in number that of the officers of Gov- !
eminent.     It was only equitable, that as the ex-
penditures were incurred tor the public benefit, that !
a portion of the expense should be borne by the
public.
Mr. SUTHERLAND advocated  the bill, and
opposed the motion.   This city was emphatically |
the city of the Union. Every portion of the United ;
States  felt a deep interest in its prosperity.    It j
concerned very neaily our national pride.    When
the British, during the last war, undertook to as- ]
sault our national honor in its tenderest point, the jj
! attack was made heie.    In sustaining this city, ij
the House only supported our country, and our I
country's honor.    When the Father of lus coun- ,
try was about to leave this world, he had founded ;
this city, which had been  separated from all de- j
pendence upon the States, for the exclusive use of ¡
the Government.    It was never intended to have j
been built up by the handful of men who followed
the  Government here.    Its  extensive plan  and
broad  avenues  show  this.    That  glorious  city
which he in part had the honor to represent, had j
I not been laid out upon a plan of such magnificence. !
To sustain this great plan had impoveiished the i
Corporation.    Mr. S. appealed to the memory of !
Washington, of whom   this city was the most
worthy monument, in support of his view, and :
contended that this was not a local, but a national I
question, upon  which the House was bound to I
vote, not  in view of their personal feelings  or !
private convenience, but in reference to the honor
and glory of the country.
After a few words from Mr. McKENNAN.the
question was taken on striking; out the enacting ;
words; which was lost—yeas 51, nays 80.
Mr. PARKER moved to amend the bill by
providing that the money should be applied only
to the payment of the interest of the canal debt;
but withdrew it, saying that he would offer it in
the House.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported.
The bill to subscribe one hundred thousand dol-
lars in aid of the completion of the lateral branch
of the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal to Alexan-
dria, was taken up, and explained and advocated
bv Messrs. STODDERT, EVANS, MERCER,
THOMAS of Louisiana, and VINTON, and op-
posed by Mr. CHILTON, who moved to strike
out the enacting clause.
The question being taken on the motion, there
were—yeas 30, nays 63; not a quorum.
Mr. CHtLiON withdrew the motion, and the
bill was laid aside to be reported.
The bill to prevent the corporations of Wash-
ington, Georgetown,and Alexandria, from issuing
promissory notes of a less denomination than ten
dolíais, and providing for the withdrawal from cir-
culation of all such notes, was taken up, amended
on motion of Mr. CHINN, and laid aside to he
reported.
The bill further to amend the act incorporating
the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Company, was
taken un.and verballyamended, on motion of Mr.
ALLEN, of Virginia.
Mr. VV. C. JOHNSON moved to lay aside the
bill, in order to bring before the House a memo-
rial which he had received on the subject, and
which he hoped would be taken into consideration,
together with the bill.
Mr. MERCER suggested that the amendments
required by the memorialists, might be offered in
the House.
Mr. ALLEN, of Virginia, remarked, that he
had no disposition to press the bill, without full
consideration.
Mr. JOHNSON withdrew the motion, and the
hill was laid aside to be reported.
The bill to-incorporate the Washington Insu-
rance Company, was considered, and laid aside to
be reported.
The bill to incorporate the Clerks'Saving Com-
pany, was considered, and laid aside to be reported.
The bill to amend the charter of the Potomac
Fire Insurance Company, of Georgetown, was
considered, and laid aside to be reported.
The bill to incorporate the Georgetown Savings
Institution, was considered, and laid aside to be
reported.
The bill for the relief of Henry Awkward was
considered, and laid aside to be reported.
The bill subscribing three hundred and fifty
thousand dollars for the construction of a lateral
railroad within the District of Columbia, was then
taken up.
Mr. MANN, of New York, hoped, he said,
that some gentleman would explain the object and
policy of this bill. But as he was unwilling, at
this time, to biing on a discussion, he would make
his objection to the bill in the House.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported.
On motion of Mr. CHINN, the committee rose,
and all the above bills were reported to the House.
On motion of Mr. MERCER, the House went
into the Committee of the Whole, on the " bill
authorizing the construction of a bridge across the
Potomac, and repealing all acts already passed in
relation thereto," and other bills, (Mr. Hubbard
in the chair.)
The bill being taken up, Mr. STODDERT
moved an additionaljsection.makingtheAnacostia
and Navy Yard bridges free; which was lost.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported.
The bill " making appropriations for the public
buildings and grounds, and far other purposes,"
being taken up—
Mr. PARKER moved to amend the bill by
striking out the enacting clause, but withdrew the
amendment.
_ Mr. E. EVERETT moved an amendment, pro-
viding for the removal of the naval monument to
some place in the eastern square of the Capitol.
Mr. S. JONES opposed the motion.
After some remarks from Mr. VINTON,
Mr. E. EVERETT modified his motion so aa
to remove the monument to the Botanic Garden.
Mr. S. JONES would inquire where the Botanic
Garden was ? To which it was replied that it was
somewhere below the Capitol.
The motion was lost.
Mr. MERCER moved to strike out the pro-
vision for enclosing the Botanic Garden; which
was agre?d to.
Mr. PARKER moved to strike out the word
" MacAdamiztng" in the clause for MacAdamiz-
