1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
441
Mi Letcher would have taken his seat under a
regular certificate. Mr. C made some comments
u[ on the remark of Mr McKay, that he did not
(eel bound by the votes which had been decided
by the House. We had gone through on one
side, and we ought now to go through the other.
He was willing to meet the result We now ougnt
to go through the other. He would cheerfully
acquiesce in the result
Mr ANTHONY said he had hitherto been a
listener to the discussion which had grown out of
this contest, and would ask the indulgence of the
Blouse, while he s'a'ed his accordarce with the
views of the gentleman from North Carolina, es
he had been tor some time Convinced of the im-
practicability of coming to a satisfactory conclu-
sion upon the large mass of contradictory testi-
mony which hod been taken in this case Ke
s ated that theie were upwaids of eleven hundred
pages before him, outof which the conclusion was
to be drawn who was entitled to the seat that the
majority on either side was not contended to be
moiethan ten or a dozen votes, the evidence was so
doubtful and conflicting, that he had found it utter-
ly impossible to °atisfy nis mind, without neglect-
ing those other important duties which devolved
on him as a representative From the mannei in
which other members had voted upon several
questions relating to the matter, it was obvious
mat many were in a similar situation
The immense mass of testimony compelled gen-
tlemen to take the facts, to a certain extent, upon
titibt, they had to rely upon the faith which they
had in the statements of those who had examined I
the evidence, and although it might with propriety
be said that " faith without works is dead, being
alone," yet he candidly appealed to other gentle-
men to say whether they had caiefully read tnese
1100 pages, so thattney were enabled to determine
who was legally and duly elected a member of the
fi th congressional district of Kentucky, or whether
they had pinned their faith on the sleeves of the
Committee of Elections on the one side, and on
certain members who attentively considered tne
subject on the other'
The honorable gentleman from Georgia had re-
marked, that the questions in dispute were matters
of law, and not of fact. To a certain extent he
was correct, but many questions involved m the
decision were of complicated doubtful facts, about
which there was a variety of evidence on both
sides, and it was extremely difficult to arrive at
the truth.
He admitted the propriety of counting the votes
taken at the Gari aid poll before ten o'clock on the
first day and during the absence of the sheriff on  i
the second, when he was attending to the highest  I
of all earthly duties, the sick bed of a dying wife,
was a question of law, which d.d not involve any
controverted facts, yet the votes of the students at
Danville college, the Salvisa votes, as well as those
of minor , non-residents,&c , whicn had occupied
the House for some days, were no more or less
than sheer questions of fact; and until members
agreed on the fact, it was impossible to determine
the law in such cases     It was only necessary, in
order to show how difficult it was to arrive at a
just conclusion, to state, that on the pi oposition to
deprive Mr Letcher of nineteen votes,<given du-  1
ring the sheriff's absence on the second day, the
gentleman fiom Georgia was in a small minon'y;
and yet that gentleman was willing to take the
opinion of the House on that point, and forego his i
own; because, as he said, it was aques'ion of law. |
For his part, he agreed that in law, the rule btare
decisis should usually prevail, but in this cese, he ,
would vote according to the be«t of his judgment
on every question mude, and would not consent <{
that a majority of the House should, by their de- I
cis'on on isolated points, control the ultimate vote  ,
he might give
Mr A said that on a question involving, as this ¡
does, the right of suffrage, party feelings ought to
be altogether discarded That so far as he knew
himself, he couid conscientiously declare that he
was influenced by no such feelings, and he had
voted to give Mr Letcher the votes taken in Lan-
caster before ten o'clock, and those given in the
absence of the sheriff. He had voted against the
admission of those which were given by the col-
lege student*, yet he was fiee to acknowledge that ,
he had ¡some doubt as to the correctness of all the  1
I votes he had given, principally on account of the
uncertainty of the facts. On the several questions
I relating to minors, non-residents, &c , he had
endeavored to vote as be deemed right, without the
least regard to either of the parties, but he could
not pretend to say that he had perfect confi-
dence in the conclusions at which he had arrived
Whether in the majority or the minority, he had
always found himself among gentlemen of high
legal attainments, eminent talents, and in eveiy
respect much better qualified to decide than him-
self.
i Such being his situation, he was peifectly
indifferent wlieiher Mr Mooie or Mr. Letcher
obtained his seat; he had no predilections to giat- I
lfy, they weie both gentlemen of the highest '
respectability, and stood on an equal footing, i
eitner of them, ne had no doubt, would do honor
to themselves as well as the district Should the
resolution of the member fiom North Carolina
prevail, the candidates would return to the district
unprejudiced by this i ivestigauon. Mr. Letcher,
on the one hand, would have the "pnma facie"
evidence in his favor, of which he was deprived
by the impropei and highly exceptionable conduct
of the deputy sheriff of Lincoln. While on the
other hand, Mr. Moore would have the lepoit of
the Committee of Elections in his behalf, and
which every gentleman of this House will admit
afforded astiong presumption that he was duly
elected, after the long time and assiduous atten-
tion that talented and respectable committee had
devoted to the investigation.
Mr A. said that the session was now drawing
rapidly to a close; We had but a few days before
us, and were we to proceed in canvassing all the
contested votes, when would this matter end > We
had much important business lndispentable to be
acted on, and little more than two weeks íemained.
Would it not, he asked, be the fan est, the safest,
the most correct course, to send back the election
to the people—the source of all po.ver' They are
capable, they are doubtless willing, to settle this
controversy. That congressional district can gain I
little or nothing by eithei of those gentlemen taking
his ¡>eat foi the few remaining days of this session
1 f they return home to their constituents, the qual-
ified voters will decide between them, and this
House will be spaied the necess'ty of deciding a
question, which, to say the least of it, is one of a
very doubtful charactei.
Mr. A , in conclusion, observed, that if a major-
ity of the members believed they understood th s
case thoioughly, and were prepared to decide it
he would be perfectly satisfied that they should
reject the proposition now before the House; but
if, like himself, they could not come to a satisfac-
tory conclusion in their own minds who was duly
elected, the proper course, in his opinion, was to
declare the election void, for uncertainty and irreg-
ularity, and to let the people of the fifth congres-
sional distiict determine who should be then rep-
resentative
If he were compelled to decide the miin ques-
tion, although he would do it with great íeluctance,
as it was so intricate as even to puzzle a Philadel-
phia lawyer, yet he would not 3hnnk from the per-
formance of that duty, according to the be3t light
which he had before him. He would not say that
he should be gu'ded in his vote by the report of
the committee; but certainly, as it came fiom a
stanuirg committee of this Hou«e, who had been
elected tor treir talents, then industry, their re-
spectability, and impartiality, it was entitled to
great consideration.
Hoping, however, that he would be spared the
necessity of a decision between those honorable
gentlemen, he should have no hesitation to send
them home, and leave this vexed, this intricate,
this perplexing and uncerta.n question, to the
determination of their constituents.                          |
Mi. MANN moved the House adjourn, which
he immediately withdrew.
Mr ADAMS regarded the motion of Mr Mc-
Kay as an unconstitutional proposition—as the
House was made the judge of the election of its
members. The House could not constitutionally
evade the question. It must judge of the election.
The proceedings of the Committee of Elections,
as well as the House, have gone on the ground
thaf an election has been made. Most of the
pnncip'es introduced have been settled    If the
House should go a little further, there will be no
difficulty. Instead of sending it to the Committee
of the Whole, with instructions, he hoped the
House would sit until it decided wnetber Mr.
Letcher or Mr. Moore is entitled to the seat.
Mr. McKINLEY said it was true the House
was to judge of the election of its members; but it
cannot be said that this,H°use Js a court ard roust
be governed by the rules of a court of justice. In
giving his final vote he could no! be controlled by
the decisions which had been made by the House
upon individual cases. He was responsible for
his own vote. What the result would be upon a
computation founded on the decisions of the
House, he could not say; but hecould Bay that he
was very much dissatisfied with some of the decis-
ions, and he believed that most gentlemen wera
in the same situation. We have had questions of
non-age, upon which decisions diametrically oppo-
site have been made. Almost every principle
which had been íecognized had been contiadicted
by other votes of the House. We had undertaken
to be governed by the laws and constitution of
Kentucky.
But the application of the principles of the laws
and constitution of Kentucky had been ridiculed,
and we have been told that we should only íegard
the rules of substantial justice. The great ques-
tion m his mmd was, Will the decision of the
House do justice to the candidates and to the
people' That had been his desire from the be-
ginning. He was willing to send the subject back
to the people, and would be contented with their
decision
Mr. BSNNEY supposed this would be the
closing argument, which was his apology for aft w
remarks. After spending many days upon this
subject, it is now proposed for the House to say
that it ha^ found a decision of the case impracti-
cable Every gentleman who votes in the nmim-
ative so says to himself, though he has been called
on by every consideration of duty to make a de-
cision As to the difficulties which had been sug-
gested by gentlemen in coming to a satisfactory
decision, all they had to do was to adhere to the
principles on which they had voted If theycou'd
not remember on what principles they had voted,
that reason should be assigned. After the labo-
rious investigaren of the candidates, and the thor-
ough examination of the committee, all that was
not brought into doubt should be regarded as es-
tablished on either side. The ground was there-
fore greatly circumscnbed. Gentlemen had no
right to stultify themselves. The Constitution and
their constituents had made the members of this
House judges of this election There can be no
question more simple than that before the House.
It is said there is a mass of evidence. Does this
render a decision impracticable' It is only eo to
those who shrink fiom the labor of investigation.
Mr SUTHERLAND believed he had shown
from the commencement a willingness to meetthe
question He should support the proposition with-
out intending to stultify himself. He was willing
to repose the power of deciding this question with
the gi eat fountamof power—the people themselves.
The people of the fifth congressional district could
settle it more accurately than this House could.
They are better acquainted than we can be with
both candidates and witnesses. We had a ques-
tion arising as to the relative truth of two brothers
by the name of Horine The people of Ken-
tucky know all about these Honnes. They also
know the sheriff whose conduct has given rise to
so much remark Not being afraid to meet the
peop!e, he was for sending it back. If either can-
didate should receive a seat he would not retain
it twenty days. He would tell them to go home
to their friends and lay the case before the peo-
ple, in whose decision every confidence could be
placed
Mr. WISE made some remarks in reply to Mr.
Bivney. It was no difficultyas to principles, but
doubt as to facts, which rendered a correct decision
by the House impracticable. Twenty or thirty
votes depended upon conflicting evidence, which
it was impossible to dec.deupon.
Mr LINCOLN opposed the pioposition to com-
mit, on the giound that the House was bound to
discountenance the proceedings of the sheriff who
withheld the poll-book, whose object was to send
the election back to thepeople.  He was unwilling
