THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
23d Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, JUNE 21, 1834.
to afford to the House of Representatives the
information which they had directed your com-
mittee to obtain.
The first of these was responded to by the com-
mittee of directors, and the information furnished.
Though useful, it was comparatively unimportant.
The board of directors, after deliberation, re-
cused to comply with the other calls, for reasons
which will be found in their resolution in the ap-
pendix, and which reasons deserve examination,
as manifesting the deliberate purpose of the di-
rectors to resist all attempts to examine into the
proceedings of the corporation in the latitude
required by your resolution.    (App. E.)
They say that the board of directors uo not feel
themselves at liberty to comply with the require-
ment of the Committee of investigation, because
" part " of the copies called for " relate to matters
over which the board have no control."
This reason, it is plain, cannot have had much
weight in producing the decision of the board. If
only a part of the information desired was beyond
the control of the board, that fact could have been
stated, and this committee would have cheerfully
received the residue.
2d. The board say they cannot comply because
it would be impossible for them to do so "within
'any reasonable time, having ascertained, by a
'careful examination, that the copies and state-
' ments called for by the resolutions of the 29ih
' ultimo alone, would require the uninterrupted
1 labor of two clerks for at least ten months."
This reason, it is also fair to presume, could not
materially have influenced the decision of the
board. If, in truth, an entire compliance with all
the resolutions would require great labor, still that
did not justify the refusal to comply with any one
of them. Besides, the whole objection could have
been obviated by the employment of more clerks
than two, the compensation to whom, if paid
either by the bank or this committee, would have
been well expended in gratifying the requirement
of the House of Representatives.
3d. The board say they cannot " comply, inas-
' much as in respect to a part of the papers called
'for, the effect would be the same as the surrender
' of their books and papers to a secret and ex parte
' examination."
Who can read this last reason for refusing, given
by the directors, and fail to perceive that this com-
mittee is justified in declaring that, without the .
aid  of compulsory process, they cannot obey the ]
directions of the House?    If extracts from their i
own books, made by their own clerks, will not be \
furnished, because they might be used to conduct
nn tx paite  examination, what benefit could this
committee expect to derive by access to the books
themselves ?
Permission to take extracts for themselves could,
and probably would, be denied for the same rea-
sons; and a committee of the House, without
power to compel obedience to its demands, would
have power to make no use of the books, which
were not approved by the directors themselves.
And the House will beat no loss to determine
what latitude they would be willing to give their
inquiries. And, without authentic extracts, such
as were unhesitatingly furnished by the bank to
both the former committees of investigation, your
committee could very imperfectly convey to the
House the grounds of their conclusions or the
result of their inspection and examination.
In what condition, then, is your committee
placed ? The House have commanded them to
inquire " what corruptions and abuses have existed
in the management of the bank;" whether it has
used " corporate power, or money, to interfere in
politics, or influence elections."
To do this they have attempted to use the only
means that can, by possibility, enable them to fulfil
this duty; and they are refused by the directors
access to those means which are in their custody,
and which, by their charter, they are bound to
furnish.
Because, say they, the inquiry this committee
29
has been charged to make, " can only be rightfully
extended to alleged violations of the charter. "And
even these violations of charter are not to be in-
quired of until the board is furnished with " a spe-
cification of all the charges intended to be inquired
into." Should supposed violations of charter be
specifically charged, then the directors are to decide
whether the facts, if true as stated, would amount
to technical violations of chartered then, and not
till then, will your committee be permitted to
" proceed with them in order as stated." Itmust
be said, that these pretences, by which the bank
would justify its bold disregard of the provisions
of its charter, are in themselves, derogatory to the
dignity, and contemputous to the authority of the
House, to which it m part owes its being.
The committee believe that these proceedings
of the bank directors, denying vital and essential
powers to the two Houses of Congress, and as-
seriing, in effect, a paramount and controlling
authority over both in executing a power devised
as a check upon the bank itself, would justify a
more extended comment. But confiding in the
diposition of the House to maintain its own rights
and dignity, and to sustain your committee in the
faithful discharge of their duty, they present, as a
part of this report, the various resolutions adopted
by your committee, with those received from the
agents of the bank, asan appendix, declaratory of
the powers believed to be possessed, and the pur-
poses of your committee.
They believe that these resolutions will, of
themselves, vindicate their conduct and proceed- j
ings from all those imputations which are to be •
found in the various communications of the di-
rectors, and their committee, and will serve to show
that they have afforded no justification whatever
for the extraordinary position ultimately taken by
the committee of directors and the board. But
that their determination not to permitany conduct
of theirs not involving breach of charter, to be
investigated, must have been entertained long
before it was made known to yourcommittee—and
that it was not communicated until every other
means of preventing the examination had proved
unavailing. But for this conduct, which your
committee cannot regard as distinguished by frank-
ness and candor, the absence of yourcommittee
from their duties in this House would have been
of much shorter continuance.
Believing they had now exhausted, in their
, efforts to execute the duty devolved upon them,
' all reasonable means, depending solely upon the
j provisions of the bank charter, to obtain the in-
! spection of the books of this corporation, your
| committee were at last reluctantly compelled to
I resort to the subpoenas which had been furnished
I  to them under the seal of this House, and attested
| by its Clerk. They, thereby, on the 9th instant,
¡ directed the  marshal  of the  eastern  district of
II  Pennsylvania to summon Nicholas Biddle, (presi-
dent,) and thirteen other persons, directors of the
bank, to attend at their committee-room on the next
day, at twelve o'clock, at noon, to testify con-
cerning the matters of which your committee were
authorized to inquire, and to bring with them
certain books, therein named, for inspection. The
marshal served the summons in due form of law,
and at the time appointed, the persons therein
named appeared before the committee, and pre-
sented a written communication, signed by each
of them, as the answer of each to the requirements
of the subposna, (which is in the appendix marked
P.) In this paper they declare " that they do not
' produce the books required, because they are not
' in the custody of either of us, but, as has been
' heretofore stated, of the board," and add, " con-
' sidering that as corporators and directors, we
' are parties to the proceeding, we do not consider
1 ourselves bound to testify, and therefore respect-
' fully decline to do so."
Your committee will not dwell long to answer
these technical excuses for this contempt of the
lawful mandate of the House. They are to be
found at large  in the written document above
Vol. I....No. 29.
referred to. Most of them, it is believed, have been
already satisfactorily answered. The two novel
excuses herein set forth cannot but be condemned
as insufficient. The first is founded on a very
refined distinction between the power of the di-
rectors as persons and as corporators. The same
persons have and have not power to submit the
books. As corporators, the custody of the books
is in them; but as individuals, although collective-
ly assembled, the same books are not under their
control. Thus, by an attenuated technicality, the
lawful authority of tne House is to be defied. If
in one room of the bank, they must be esteemed
as " individual citizens," who may lawfully dis-
regard the subpoena duces tecum, because they have
not the book demanded—if, in another roam of
the same house, by a transmigration not known to
heathen philosophy, their identity is gone—they
have become mere ideal creatures, on-which not
even zisubpxna ad testificandum can be served. To
make this excuse still more extraordinary, let it
be remembered that seven of the gentlemen by
whom it is offered had been appointed by the board
of directors to exhibit the books of the bank for
inspection, and of course must have had the right
to their exclusive possession for that purpose.
The reason assigned for the refusal to be sworn
is parallel with that which has just been consid-
ered. They claim that, as corporators and direct-
ors, they are parties to the proceedings of the
House, and therefore not bound to give testimony.
It is a humane rule, to be found in the criminal
law, which declares that no man shall be com-
pelled to criminate himself, and one which this
committee would be unwilling, under any circum-
stances, to deny; but your committee are not aware
of any principle of evidence which will excuse á
person for refusing to give testimony, simply
because it may subject him to a civil action.
There are provisions in the bank charter, making
the directors liable to a civil suit if proved to have
participated in certain transactions therein men-
tioned. But it ought not to be supposed that any-
thing can be found on the books of the bank that
would subject the directors to a criminal prosecu-
tion. Even if the latter supposition be not entirely
without foundation, still it is insisted that a witness
called on to testify, must do so, unless the court
or other tribunal before which he appears shall
adjudge that he is interested. That question the
witness cannot be permitted to decide for himself,
otherwise evidence might be withheld withoutgood
cause. As to the supposition that the directors,
or the corporation under their control, are to be
considered parties to the inquest thiscomraittee was
directed to institute, it has already been answered
in this report, and needs no further reply. If the
inquest had been prosecuted, and had satisfied
Congress or the President that a scire facias ought
to issue, then, and not till then, could the bank
directors become parties to the proceeding, and
I under that pimciple, attempt to conceal transac-
tions known only to themselves; and even then
their books might be used as evidence against them.
Justice requires us to add, that the directors,
while they protested against our right to examine
th em, declared they had had no k nowledge, which,
if a necessary regard to their duty and the rights
of others permitted, they would not willingly
expose without reserve.
Under such circumstances, it is to be regretted
that they have not imitated thecourseofthedirect-
ors of 1819 and 1Ó32, by waiving their supposed
technical rights, and inviting an unrestrained
examination of their proceedings  Such conduct
could not but have gained public approhatiqn; and
it is humbly conceived, could not have been rea-
sonably objected to by any person having busi-
ness with the institution. If such had been the
course of the directors, the committee hope to be
pardoned for saying it was their purpose to have
endeavored to have performed the duties which
had been enjoined, thoroughly, impartially, and
with a rigid adherence to the immutable principles
of truth and justice.
