1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
455
which might result from diminished duties without
diminished importations. Mr. Ii. said he knew
that bank power was predominant in some of the
cities to the south; but he knew, also, that the
bank puhcy of distress and oppression had not
been piiictiyed there. That was not the region to
\>i governed by the scoutge. The high mettle of
Unit region lequired a different policy: gentleness,
conciliation, coaxing! if the South was to be
gamed over by the bank, it was to be done by
favur, not by fear. The scourge, though so much
tne most congenial to the haughty spirit of the
money power, was only to be applied where it
would be submitted to; and, theref&re, the whole
legion south of the Potomac was exempted from
the lash. Mr. C paused to fix the attention of
the Senate upon these facts. Yv""herethe power of
the bank enabled her to depress commerce and
sink the revenue, and her policy permitted hc-r to
do it, commerce was depressed, and the revenue
was sunk, and the prophecies of the üistress ora-
tors were fulfilled; but where her power did not
predominate, or her policy required a different
course, commerce increased, and the revenue in-
creased; and the result of the whole is, that New
Yutk a'id some other anti-bank cities, have gained'
what Philadelphia and other bankcities havelost;
and the Federal Treasury is just as well off as if it
had got its accustomed supply from every place.
Tina view offacts, Mr.B. said, must fasten upon
the bank the odium of having produced all the real
commercial distress which has been felt.   But at
one point, at New Orleans, there was further evi-
dence to convict her of wan ton and wicked oppres-
sion.    It was not in the Secretary's reports, but
it wa3 in the weekly  returns of the bank; and
showed that in the beginning of March, that insti-
tution had carried off from her branch in New
Orleans, the sum  of about  §800,000  in specie,
which it had   been collecting  all the winter by a
wanton curtailment, under the pretext of supply-
ing the amount of the deposites taken from her at ;
that place.    These ¿800,000 were collected from
the New Oileans meichants in the very crisis of '
the arrival of western produce.    The merchants
were pressed to pay debts, when they ought to
have been accommodated with loans.    The price Í
of produce  was   thereby   depressed;  the whole ¡
West suffered from the depression; and now ij, is i
proved that the money was not wanted to supply ;
the place of the deposites, but was sent to Phila--|
¡lelphia, where there was   no use for it, the bank j
having more there than she can use; and that the \
whole operation was a wanton and wicked meas- ,
ure to coerce the West to cry out for a return of |
the deposites, and a renewal of the charter, by '
attacking their commerce in the market of New '
Orleans.    This fact, said Mr. B., would have been ¡
proved from  the books of the bank, if they had I
been  inspected.    Failing in  that, the proof was ,
intelligibly found in the weekly returns.                  j
Mr. B. had a further view to give of the pros- j
penty of the country, and further evidence to show
that all the distress really suffered, was factitious ;
and  unnatural.    It was in  the great increase of j
money in  the United States during the last year '
and a half.    He spoke of money; not paper prom-
ises to pay money, but the thing itself—real gold
and  silver—and affirmed  that there was a clear
gain of from EIGHTEEN to TWENTY MIL-
LIONS OP SPECIE within the time that he had
mentioned.    He then took up the custom-house
returns to verify this important statement, and to
let the people see that the country was never so
well off for money as at the very time that it was
proclaimed tobe in the lowest state of poverty and
misery.    lie first showed the imports and exports
of specie and bullion for the year ending the 30th
of September, 1833.    It was as follows:
United States on the 1st day of October last, with-
out counting at least another million which was
brought by passengers, and not put upon thecus-
, tom-house books. It might be assumed (he said)
I that there was a clear accession of six millions of
specie to the money of the United States on the
morning of that very day which had been pitched
upon by all the distress orators in the country to
date the ruin and desolation of the country.
Mr. B. then showed a statement of the imports
and exports of specie and bullion, from the first of
October, 1833, to the 11th of June, instant. It
was as follows:
iVcmt October 1st to June 11th.
Imports.               Exports.
Goldbullion.......   $304,491            §11,177
Silver bullion.......     256,617                1,376
Gold coin..........     410,907              87,570
Silver coin.........10,156 909            898,638
$11.128.924   •     §998,761
Year ending September 30, 1833.
Imports.
Goldbullion.....     §48,267
Silver bullion....     297.840
Gold coin.......     563,585
Silver coin...... 6,160,676
Exports.
§26,775
495,890
1,722,196
§7,070,368          -§2,244,861
Mr. B. having read over this statement, re-
marked upon it, that it presented a clear balance
of near five millions of specie in favor of the
Mr. B. remarked, upon this statement, that it
; presented a clear gain of more than ten millions
I of dollars.    He was of opinion that two millions
ought to be added for sums not entered at the cus-
tom-house, which would make twelve millions;
I and added to the six millions of 1833, would give
i eighteen   millions of specie of clear gain to the
| country in the last twenty months.   This (he said)
j was prosperity. It was wealth itself; and besides,
j it showed that the country was not in debt for its
! large importations, and that a larger proportion
' of foreign imports now consisted of specie than
was ever known before.   Mr. B. particularized
the imports and exports of gold; how the former
had increased, and the latter diminished, during
the last few months; and said thata greatamount
of gold, both foreign and domestic, was now wait-
ing in the country to see if Congress would raise
gold to  its   fair value.    If so   raised, this   gold
would remain, and enter into circulation; if not, it
would immediately go off to foreign countries, for
gold was not a thing to stay where it was under-
valued.    He also spoke of silver, and said that it
had arrived without law, but could not remain
without law.   Unless Congress passed an act to
make it current, and that at fuTl value as money,
and not at the mint value, as bullion, it would all
go off.
Mr. B. recapitulated the evidences of national
prosperity—increased imports—revenue from cus-
toms exceeding the estimate—increased revenue
from public lands—increased amount of specie—■
above eleven millions of available funds now in the
treasury—domestic and foreign commerce active—
the price of produce and property fair and good—
labor everywhere finding employment and reward
—more money in the country than ever was in it
at any one time before—the numerous advertise-
ments for the purchase of slaves, in the papers of
his city, for the southern market, which indicated
the high p,rice of southern products—and affirmed
his conscientious belief that the country was more
prosperous at this time than at any period of its
existence; and inveighed in terms of strong indig-
nation against the aits and artifices, which, for the
last six months, had disturbed and agitated the
country, and done serious mischief to many indi-
viduals. He regretted the miscarriage of the at-
tempt to examine the Bank of the United States,
which he believed would have completed the proof
against that institution for its share in getting up
an unnatural and factitious scene of distress, in the
midst of real prosperity. But he did not limit his
invective to the bank, but came directly to the
Senate, and charged a full share upon the theatrical
distress speeches delivered upon the floor of the
Senate, in imitation of Volney 's soliloquy over the
ruins of Palmyra. He repeated some passages
from the most affecting of these lamentations over
the desolation of the country, such as the Senate
had been accustomed to hear aboutthetimeof the
New York and Virginia elections. " The canal a
'solitude. The lake a desert waste of waters. That
' populous city, lately resounding with the hum of busy
' multitudes, now silent and sad. A whole nailon, in
' the midst of unparalleled prosperity, and Arcadian
'felicity, suddenly struck into poverty, and plunged
' into unutterable too, by the direful act of one wilful
'man." Such.saidMr. B., were the lamentations
over the ruins, not of the Tadmor in the desert,
but of this America, whose true condition you
I have just seen exhibited in the faithful report of
! the Secretary of the Treasury.    Not even the
■ " baseless fabric of a uision." was ever more desti-
1 tute of foundation than those lamentable accounts
j of desolation.    The lamentation has ceased; the
, panic has gone off; would to God he could follow
! out the noble line of the poet, and say, " leaving
; not a wreck behind."   But he could not say that.
! There were wrecks 1 wrecks of merchants in every
i city in which the bank tried its cruel policy, and
j wrecks of banks in this District, where the panic
speeches fell thickest and loudest upon the ears of
J an astonished and terrified community !
\     But,continued Mr.B., thegameisup; thealarm
4 is over; the people are tired of it; the agitators have
1 ceased to work the engine of alarm.  A month ago
j he had said it was " the last of pea time with these
j distress memorials; he would now use a bolder
figure, and say, that the Secretary's report just
| read, had expelled forever the ghost of alarm from
j the chamber of the Senate.   All ghosts, said Mr.
| B., are afraid of the light.    Theciowmg of the
j cock—the break of day—.'emits them all, the whole
shadowy tribe, to their dark and dreary abodes.
How, then, can this poor ghost of alarm, which
has done such hard service for six months past,
how can it stand the full light, the broad glare, the
clear sunshine of the Secretary's report?   "Alas,
poor ghost!" The shade of the " noble Dane" never
quit the stage under a more inexorable law than the
one which now drives thee away.   This report,
replete with plain facts, and luminous truths, puts
to flight the apparition of distress, breaks down
the whole machinery of alarm, and proves that
the American people are, at this day, the most
prosperous people on which the beneficent sun of
Heaven did ever shine!
Mr. B. congratulated himself that the spectre of
distress could never be made to cross the Missis-
sippi.   It made but slow progress anywhere in the
Great Valley; but balked at the King of Floods
A letter from St. Louis informed him that an
| attempt had just been made to get up a distress
| meeting in the town of St. Louis, but without
I effect.   The officers were obtained, and according
¡ to the approved rule of such meetings, they were
j converts from Jaeksonisni; but there the distress
| proceedings stopped, and took another turn.  The
j farce could not  be played in that town.    The
actors would not mount the stage.*
Mr. B. spoke of the circulation of the Bank of
the United States, and said that its notes might be
withdrawn without being felt, or known by the
community. It contributed but four millions and
a quarter to the circulation at this time. He veri-
fied this statement by showing that the bank had
twelve millions and a quarter of specie in its vaults,
and but sixteen millions and a half of note3 in cir-
culation. The difference was four millions and a
quarter; and that was the precise amount which
that gigantic institution now contributed to the cir-
culation of the country! Only four millions and a
quarter. If the Gold Bill passed, and raised gold
16 to 1, there would be more than that amount of
gold in circulation in three months. The Foreign
Coin Bill,and the Gold Bill, would give the coun-
try many dollars in specie, without interest, for
each paper dollar which the bank issues, and for
which the country pays so dearly. The dissolu-
tion of the bank would turn out twelve millions
and a quarter of specie, to circulate among the
people; and the sooner that is done the better it
will be for the country.
The bank is now a nuisance, (said Mr. B.)
With upwards of twelve millions in specie, and
less than seventeen millions in circulation, and
only fifty-two millions of loans, it pretends that it
cannot lend a dollar, not even to* business men, to
be returned in sixty days; when, two years ago,
with only six millions of specie and twenty-two
millions of circulation, it run up its loans to seventy
millions. The president of the bank then swore
that all above six millions of specie was a surplus!
How is it now, with near double as much specie,
and five millions less of notes out, and twelve mil-
lions less of debt? The bank needs less specie
than any other banking institution, because its
notes are receivable, by law, in all Federal pay.
* About the same time a similar failure took
place at Crawfordsville, Indiana.
