1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
457
repiesentatives the same was granted, and like-
wise tl e names of the several agents who pie-
Stii'cd the vvtti rants and obtained the ceitificatesof
scrip And tne &aid Secretary is further dnected
to report a similai statement in respect to all war-
rants' which have been filed or officially piesented,
but upon which certificates of scup have not yet
been issued.
Tie resolution fiom the Committee on the Judi-
cial y, askn g 'j be dijchaiged from the petition
of the executor of Aimer L. Duncan, deceased,
wt.s agieed to
Tiie lesolution fiom the Committee on Naval
AtTi.is, abkin" to be disci aigi-d fiom the niemo-
lidl of John Whitehead and othe>s, and that the
s ime be refeired to the S cretai y of the Pieasiiy,
Mas taken up a¡ d  ig red to
O i m ition of Mi   CLAY,
l!,e Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.           :
Mondvy, June 16, 18J4
Ml   POLK asked the unanimous consent of the
House to take up the appropnation bills Iyin¿ on
the Speaker's table
Mr GRENNELL objected, remarking that this
v as ti e last day on winch an opportunuy would
be aft n led for the piesentation of i etitions and
memorials.                                                                    I
After fuither objections from Messrs HARDIN
and BURGES,
Mi. POLK moved to suspend the rules by
which Monday was appropriated for the íeception
of petitions and memouals, for the purpose of act-
ing upon the appropriation bills on the SpeaUer's
table.                                                                              j
After a íemaik from Mr BURGES, in opposi-
tion to the motion—
The question was taken, when it appealed that
a quotum was not present
Vlr POLK then moved a call of the House,
which was ordeied
Aftei the call had been proceeded m foi some
time,
Mr. BURGES moved to suspend it, which was
negatived.
The call was further proceeded in, for some
time, when, on motion of Mi. DICKSON, it was
suspended
Mr. POLK modified his motion, suspending the ,
rule, so fai as to take up the appropnation bills at !
half past one o'clock                                                    i
Messrs HARDIN and VINTON opposed the
motion                                                                           I
Mi. CHILTON expressed the hope that the
gentleman from Tennessee would withdraw the
motion, with the understanding that no debate
should be allowed upon any memonals which
nngnt be piesented
Ihe question being taken, the motion of Mr.
Polii was agieed to.
I he memonalof 1,841 citizens of Indiana, pray-
ing the restoration ot the deposites and theiechai-
ter of the United States Bank, with certain i esti ic
tions, which was presented on a former day by
Mi McCarty, being taken up for coqsideiatiori,
Mi McC explained the views of the memorial-
ists, and his reasons for differing from tnera in
opinion on the subject, at the same time declaring
his willingness to leceive and obey it as the voice
of his constituents, and moved the printing and
reference of the memorial.
Mi WARDWELL obseived that he had not,
dining this protracted session, occupied the time
of tlie°House by saying a word upon the subject
of the bank and of the distresses of the country,
and he would not, at this time, trouble tne House
with any íemaiks.weie it not foi a most singular
communication whicn he had received from a
highly ¡espectable constituent
This memonal from the State of Indiana states,
m substance, that there is une\ampled distress
tlnoughout the countiy in consequence of the re-
moval of the public deposites from the Bank of the
United States If this bethecase.theneople whom
he had the honorto repiesent must besubject to the
same calamity. But they had not sent their com-
plaints here, the distuct gave a majority of votes
against Geneial Jackson at the last mesidential
efection, yet he had not received a single petit on
o^  memonal compioimng of the lemoval of the
deposites, or in favor of the bank. He had, it is
true, received letters, stating that the district was
liberally supplied with speeches and repoits in
fervor of the bank and against the Administration,
and that for two or three months past there had
been much excitement in that section of the coun-
try, he had no doubt but that this excitement was,
m some measure, produced by the unexampled
exertions of political paitisans, who, no doubt,
were anxious to make the people believe that they
were really distressed.
The manner in which he had reason to believe
the names of some of his constituents were ob-
tained, for the purpose of furnishing them with
these political papers in favorof the bank, he would
now staLeto the House By this morning's mail,
he hid received, in a le tei from a gentleman of
the first respectability, and in whose s'atemen's
the most implicit confidence may be placed, a
printed paper or cue ilai, which he would now
read to the House. [Here Mi W lead a paper,
dated in February last, at the city of New York,
and signed by J N Bolles, and two others, re-
questing ihe names of the mimstei s of the Gospel,
exhu'teis, elders, deacons, and of moial, influen-
tial, publio-ep'rited, and benevolent persons, for
the purpose of transmitting to them a paper con-
taining a circular, which they wished to send
through ihe State Mr W read also an extract
from the letter which enclosed the cncular, stating
mat to ihe persons whose names had been fur-
nished agieeably to the request contained in the
circulai, there were forwaided from time to time,
and franked by membeis of Congress, the speeches
of Mr. Clay and Mr J Q, Adams, and theieport
of Mr Webster, in the Senate, February 5, 1834,
fiom the Committee on Finance ]
F.om these facts, gentlemen can draw their own
conclusions He knew nothing of the matter him-
self He or'y stated the facts as receive 1 by him
He could vouch foi the respectability, high char-
ac'et.ind moral woilh of the individual who sent
him the circulai All may be right Doubtless
it was, so far as tne name of members of this
House aie concm ned
Astodistiess in hisdistuet, he would state that
he could say nothing of his own knowledge     He \
had,  howevei, received   lateis recently, stating |
that many kinds of pioperty sold by farmers had ¡
notbrougnta better puce since the yeai 1817    He .
would state furtnei, that at the last session o^ the I
Legislature of the State of New Yoik,a bank was
mcoiporated and located at Sackett's Harboi.m
his district, with a capital of ¡«,200,000, and such
was the eagerness to obtain stock, that neaily
§600,000 were subscribed     This shows most con-
clusively that the.e is some money left in the dis-
ti ict, notvv ithstanding the i emoval of the deposites
Mi   FULLER said he had sent documents into
the gentleman's district, at the urgent íequest of
| two gentlemen, íesidents of that distuct, who had
furnished him with a list of names for the pul pose   i
1 As to the cuculai, he knew nothing about it, nor
of the íeliuions people to whom it was sent            1
Mr GRENNELLsaid.as the controversy was I
I changed from State to church affairs, he would ,
I move to ¡ay the memorial on the table, but with- |
' drew it at the íequest of
Mr SELDEN, wno said he had little to do with
the church—less than he ought to have     Fie was
lequested in this city, last win'er, by a gentleman
fiom the county cf Jefferson, to send some docu-
i meuts into it, and a lis of names was given to him
for the  puipose     He   had sent some, and was
1 very sor y that he cou'd not send more     He
would, wi h pieasme, furnish the gentltnun with
I a list of names of his constituents, if he would
undernke to supply them w.th nifoimation, and
if the gentleman was unwilling or afraid to trust
his own constituents with the tiuth, he would also
furnish them with information, so far as it might
be in his powei
I     Mr   WARDWELL replied that he had not
I complained that the gentleman had sent documents
into his disti ict, but of the manner in which it was
, done     He had   read a circular issued from the
city of New Yoik, requesting the names of the
ieh<*ious people m his distuct, and had stated the
fact", that the documents were sent to them under
the fiank of " D   Selden" and " P  CI idler
The fianks might be forgenes, for aught he knew,
I but the documents were sent in the manner he had
mentioned. He was perfectly willing that the
gentleman should send information into his dis-
trict, but he (Mi W.) was unable to furnish doc-
uments to the gentleman's constituents. He would
furnish them with pleasure, if he could get them
without paying for them, as he presumed the gen-
tleman did
Mr. SELDEN now understood the gentleman
(he said) to convey the charge further than he did
at first He had insinuated that he sent blank
fianks to New York, oi left them there, which he
unequivocally denied. If the gentleman intended
to raise this insinuation, it was a matter between
him and the gentleman. He would ask him to
point out any proof of any kind in support of the
charge.
On motion of Mr GRENNELL.the memonal
was ordered to be printed, and laid on the table.
The memorial from citizens of Franklin, Mas-
sachusetts, presented on a former day, being taken
up—
Mi. GRENNELL spoke m explanation and
suppoit of the memorialists, and moved that the
memorial be printed and laid on the table, which
was agreed to.
The resolutions condemning the removal of the
deposites, &c , from the lower House of the
General Assembly of Rhode Island, being taken
up—
Mr. BURGES spoke on the subject about an
hour
Mr. PEARCE, of Rhode Island, moved the
postponement of the funnel consideration of the
íesolutions till Monday next.
The CHAIR said they would he over, of course.
Various bills fiom the Senate were read the first
and second time, and íeferred to the appropriate
committees.
The billfrom the Senate foi continuing the Cum-
berland road through the States of Ohio, Indiana,
and Illinois, reported by the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, was read.
Mr  POLK said this Senate bill contains appro-
priations greater than the bill reported by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means by the sum of $477,000,
and contains appropriations $070,000 greatei than
was appropi lated last yeai.    As half the year had
elapsed, he believed  it was the opinion  of  the
department that the amount contemplated by this
bill could not be profitably expended during the
present yeai     He should therefore move to reduce
the appiopnations.   As to that portion of the bu"
providing for the repair of the road east of the
Ohio, Mr   P explained the various propositions
foi repairing and renewing this road, and staled
that the Committee of Ways and Means weie oJ
opinion that $300,000 were sufficient to repair the
road m a proper mannei.    Tms bill contemplated
an expenditure for this road of $1,102,000     Upon
this scale, applied to the other public works, not
only the piesent, but the futuie, revenue of the
Government would  be inadequate     He should
move to reduce the appropriations to the scale of
the last veai     He moved to strike from the th.rd
section of the bill the sum of $b52 000 for repair-
ing the road east of Ohio, and insert $300,000.
This sum would be sufficient to enable the depart-
ment to comply with the conditions reqiined by
I the States     Jn the present stage of this measure,
I he did not propose going into a discussion of the
geneial pimciples involved with it    He concluded
his explanation by asking that the report of the
I committee on this subject be read
The report having been read—
Mi  STEWART called for the reading of the
repoit of the Secretaiv of Wai on this subject.
,     Mi.E WHITTLESEY appealed to the fnends
of th e measui e, w hether it would be best to accede
I to the piopofcition of thechauman of theCommit-
I tee of Ways and Means3
I     Mr  STEWART persisted in requiring the re-
I port to be read, which was real
I     Mr S then expla-nel, and suppoi ted the neceá-
is ty of the appropnation as it passed the Senate.
The simple question was, whether the plan of the
depaitment should be earned out    A gieatpor-
i  tionof the load had been taken up, and sound
economy required that the plan be exf«ited-«,li
1 this was done, he would pledge,himself that The
road would cost the United States nothing here-
,1 a Mr. W   R   DAVIS inquired how often tha*
