1884.                                 THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                  459
Mr. HAWES demanded the yeas and  nays; ,
which weie orde.ed.                                                    j
The mo'ion to lay on the table was lost: Yeas
68, nays 133
Mr J 0, ADAMS moved to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the reference to the ac's of
Pennsylvania, Virginia, and Maiyland, which he
deemed unnecessary and irppioper, as he conceived
tho e States were not bound, under the qualified
r.ssent of Congress, to accept.the load.
Mr. VV. C. JOHNSON explained his views
noon the question laised by this motion; when
the question was taken on the amendment* to the
amendment; which was lost.
The question was then stated on Mr. POLK'S
motion to strike out $G32,000, and insert«5300,000
Mi. McfCINLEY de ¡landed the yeas and nays,
wh'ch weie ordered.
Mr. MERCER, made explanations relative to
the expense of repanmg the road.
The question was then taken on the amendment
moved by Mr. Polk; which w?snegatived: Yeas
91, nays 92
Mr. SUTHERLAND moved an amendment,
providing that not moie than §300,000 should be
diawn from the Treasury foi repaus during the
present yeai.
Mi. P. D1CKERSOM proposed to amend the
amendment by piovidmg that not more than
§310,000 should be expended, unless the States
of Maiyland, Pennsylvania, and Virginia, should
agree to take charge of the road, when the whole
sum of $652,000 should be expended.
Before the question was taken,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, June 17, 1834.
A message upon executive business was i eceived
from the President of the United States, by Mr.
DoMiLSON, his Private Secretaiy.
BILLS.                                      j
The bill making a leappropnation of unex-
pended balances foi Georgia militia claims, dunng
the years 1792, 1793, and 1794;                                ,
The bill makingappropriationfortheyear 1834,
for the United States Armory, atHarpei 's Feny,
Vnginia; and                                                               1
The bill concerning the Orphans' Courts for
the counties of Wasmngton and Alexandua, Dis-
trict of Columoia, were severally ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading.                                     ¡
REPORTS.
Mr. TOMLINSON, from the Committee on '
Pensions, to whom was íefeued the memorial of
the Legislatuie of Indiana, m behalf of "William
BlKlatid, asked to be discharged ftom the fuither
consideration of the same, which was agreed to.
Mr TOMLINSON, fiom the same committee,
made a similar report upon the petition of Adrian
Peters; which was concurred in
Mr BIBB, fiom the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, reported a bill gianting additional compen-
sation to the United States judge of the western
distuctof Plonda; which was read, and ordeied
to a second reading.
Mr. LINN, from the Committee on Pnvate
Land Claims, repotted a bill fiom the House of
Renresentatives, without amendment, for the relief
of George Gordon.
PETITION.
Mr. BIBB presented the memoiial of Thomas
Law and otheis, citizens of Washington, District
of Coiumoia, on the subject of a national cunency,
to be issued by the Unned States, loaned to the
Sutes, and by Uie States to be loaned out, receiv-
able in all dues and payments to the Tieasury;
intended to substitute notes of the Government of
the United States msteid of bank notes, and
thereby to piotect thecommumty against the evils
of the banking system. The memorial was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance, and ordeied
to be printed.
RESOLUTION.
The followng resolution was submitted by Mr.
SPRA.GUR, considered, and ag'eed to:
Reached, I hat the Secietary of the Treasui y be
directed to íeport to the Senate an answer to ti s
rtsiluuon of the Senate of the 6'h doy ot May
last, m relat'on to officers of the customs, so far a3
may now be in his power.
ORDERS.
The bill concerning the duties on lead was then
taken up.
Mr. FREL1NGIIUYSEN offered the following ' ¡
pioviso to the bill: " That it shall 'not extend to '
or affect the existing duties on red and white lead, ,
shot and litharge."
Mr. CALHOUN said he had no objection to '
any piovision which should be necessary to pie-
vent frauds upon the revenue; but he was opposed j
togoirgany fuithei,and adopting any tning untie • ¡
the guise of pieventmg frauds, which should be 1
in eilectan increase of duties. He theiefoie moved ,
to lay the bill on the table till to-monow, that he I
might have an opportunity of looking into it.
He, howevei, withdie*/ the motion at the request   1
of                                                                                                 !
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN, who obseived that   I
all the piovisions of the bill had for their olqei t
the pretention of fiauds except one.    That was   I
a section laying a duty of two ptr cent, nei pound   1
on lead ore; it was inserted at the suggestion of 1
one of the honorable Senators from Missouri, who   |
thou;ht such a piovision necessary for our own   |
lead mines, which were sufficient to produce much   1
more lead than was necessaiy for our own con-
sumption                                                                      |i
Mi. CLAY said, enactments to prevent fiauds   |
weie usual      He thought the provision laying a
duty of two per cent   on lead oie ought  to   be
stricken out      But the bill to piotect the íevenue
against frauds ought to pass.
Mi. PRESTON said, it was always desirable
that frauds should be pi evented, and he would be
son y if the motion of his colleague to lay the bill (
on the table should pi event its passage He was
opposed to the two pei cent, duty, but he sug-
gested that tne piovrain to prevont f audo might
be made looonfoitn to thatwlm h had been adopted
to prevent frauds on the importation of sugar,
whi"h had been melted down abioad and atter-
waids lmpo, ted in tne sh-pe of syrup.
Mi CALHOUN then ienewed his motion to
lay the bill on the table; which prevailed.
Tne hill fir the lel.ef of the legal representa-
tives of Moses Shcuheid, deceased, being upon
us passage,
The ments of the bill were argued, in some in-
stances at lengtii, by Messis. BLACK, HEN-
DRICKS, LEIGH, KING of Alabama, SMI Til,
SHEPLEY, FORSYTH. TYLER, BIBB, and
POiNDEX TEt!; when it was lost by the follow-
ing vote, viz:
YEAS—Messrs Chambers, Clay, Ewing. Fie-
hnghuysen, Hendricks,Kmght, Leigh, McKean,
Naltdain, Pomdexter, Poiter, Prentiss, Robbins,
Robinson, Silsbee, Smith,Tallmadge,Tomhnson,
Tylei, and Wenstei— 20.
NAYS—-Messis. Biub, Black, Bro vn,Calhoun,
Forsyth, Gundy, H1I1, Kane, King of Alabama,
King of Georgia, Liun,Mangum, Moore, Morns,
Pieston, Sliepley, Southard, Swift, Waggaman,
White, ?nd Wright—21
Mr. CALHOUN then moved to tike up the bill
concerning tne duties on lead; vvh'eh was agreed
to: when   the pioviso oñ*eied by  Ml    Frlmj«o-
Bunrv was adopted.
]     Mi   C \LHOUN moved to strike out that part
|| of the bill imposing du íes " on all lead, in wlwt-
1 ever shape imported, "and insert m lieu of v, that
I  the amele shall be sutqect to a duty of " double
the value of the law mateiial;" which was adopt-
ed.                                                                            ,
On Mi. CA motion, the bill was fuither amend-
ed by staking out the duty of two per cent per
poind, inseitel bv the Hojse when, after _some
conveis'ttion between Messrs. CLA 1 ,LINN , and
I CALt-IOUN, the bill w as ordered to be engrossed
for a third rea'l'iig.
On  motion of Mr  TYLER, the Senate pio-
ceed J to the consult.alio 1 ot executive business.
When the doors weie opened the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the special ordei of
the dey
TRENCH  S"OLIATIOV  BILL.
Tt.e b J to provide for the satisfaction of claims
due to cf-itaui ci'iz-tis I01 spolia tons commnttd
on their commeice pr.or to tne 31th day of oq -
tcinbti, lcü'J.
After the adoption of several unimportant
amendment,
Mr. CHAMBERS spoke at length in favor of
the bill, and was followed by Mr. FORSYTH
against the bill, and Mr WEBSTER in favor of
it; who both declined going at laige into the
merits of the bill, reseivmg their viewsforanother
occasion
Mr FORSYTH then moved that the further
consideiation-theieof be postponed to Thuisday
next; and that it be made the special order for
that day; wh.ch was agreed to.
The b.ll authorizing the distribution of cepiea
of the late census to members of Congress,
The bill miking reapptopuations of unexpended
belmces foi Geoigia milit.a claims for the years
1792, 1793,and 1794;
The bin icgiiiating the value of foreign silver
coins.
The bill making appropriation for the United
States armoiy at Hai per's Feiry, Virginia,
Were severally read a third time and passed.
On motion of Mr WHITE,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
ToLbDAY, June 17, 1834.
Mr.  CLAY,  fiom  the Committee on  Public
Lands, repoited the following resolution:
Rtioloed, That the Committee of the Whole on
the state ot tho Union b • dischaiged from the fur-
thei cmsideiation of the Dill No. 92, to reduce
and graduate the price of public lands; and that
said bill be made the special order of the day for
the 20th instant.
Mr. VINTON said, the bill biought up the
whole subject of the disposit on of the public do-
main, and was a counter project to the measure
winch passsd the Senate at ihe last session. At
t'l.s stage of the session it was obvieusly imprac-
ticable to give the subject the consideiation its
impoitame demanded.
Mi. CL\Y said,'the gentleman was mistaken
in supposing this was a project counter to the
measuie ¡efeireJ to, or had been got up merely to
defeit it On the other hand, it wis a subject
which had been before Congiess for ten or twelve
yens past. It did not contemplate the disposition
of the pubhc domain, excepting such itjuicd lands
as had been 111 maiket, some ot them fiom ten to
twenty yeais. The subject had been brought to
the attention of the House by memoiials from
vanous sections of the country, and from the
Legislatures of all the new States And lie hoped
Congiess would be able to dispose of it during the .
present session.
Mr ELLSWORTH said, there was no subject
in which his constituents ,elt a deeper mteiest
than this, and it was obvious that suffiuent time
did not lemam dunng the piesent session to dis-
pose of it. The gentleman fiom Alabama [Mr.
Cm] suggests that it only applies to a poitioiiof
the public"lands This might be Hue as to its
immediate application, but if the bill passed, it
woul I sorn cmbiace the whole pubhedomam lie
should be unwilling to see a measuie of so much
impoitance taken up at this period of the session.
Me. H EVERETT hoped tne wholeday would
not be consumed in determining what should be
done. With a view ot testing the opinion of the
House on this question, he moved to lay the reso-
lution on the table
Upon winch question the yens and nays were
ordered.
Mr PATTON, cousideung this a most impor-
tant question, moved a call ot the House; which
was negatived.
Tne nuesuon was ih-n taken on laying on the
table;  which wet earned- Yeas 8J, nay  80
Mt ELLSWOmii, from the Commune on
the Tudiciaiy. íepo.ttd a b.ll aut!ioi'/.i'C t'ie tífc-
lettay ofthe Pieisuiy to giant a rignt of way 111
tlieti.yof New Voik: which wasiead twice, tntl
o'-Jcied '0 be engiosstd for a thud leading.
Mr. LEVVn 1\ tio-n the Committee or. Pub-
lic L-inds, icporud a b.ll lor the ieiief of Wiibam
W Stevenson, of th<= Temto.y of Aikansas;
wlm h wa-> leid twice and commuted
Mr  S  JONES moved the  rules of the  Utmse
, bo so pv.idfd, 1.1 oidci  that ceitum joint lesciu-
