1834.'
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
461
Pennsylv&ma avenue from the Capitol to thePres-
ldent's House Further: he would suite that the
S ate of Maine, m taking the road from the Gov-
ernment, a^ked only six thousand dollars to put it
incomplete lepair, and this sum the delegation
ft om Maine thought .vould be amply sufficient
To be sure, tips was not a macadamized road, but
it vas as good a road as any m New England.
He thought we had better abandon the road which
was to cost $A),UUUarmle,and bulla one on a less
expensive plan
Mr VANDERPOEL said that he was one of
tho3e who voted foi the larger sum on yesterday,
but that subsequent leflection had satisfied him
that the sum of six hundred thousand dollars
was too laige, and he uoald therefore vote for a
reconsideration, with a view ultimately to vote
for the minor sum He was satisfied that the
condition of the Treasury would not justify the ap-
prop"ation of theenoimous sum proposed Con-
sidering the compact that had been adverted to in
this debate, and the fact tnat the Federal Govern-
ment had already fathered this child for so many
yea's, he (Mi V ) had no constitutional scruples
to embauass him, in lelation to this paiticulai
matter, and was theiefore at liberty of viewing it
pa a nine, malta of justice; of j istice, so fai as it
legalded the whole nation, which was proposed to
be taxed, and of justice, also, as it regaided the
claims of that section of country which the road
accommodated, and viewing it solely under con-
siderations of expediency and justice, he was con-
strained to say, that the largei amount proposed
to be appropriated, was unreasonable and extrav-
agant Give your New'Englaud Yankees six hun-
died thousand uollars, and they would be able to
cons ruct with it a perfect Jippian way ovei the
whole of .New England They knew the value of
money, and had the talent to disburse it to the best
possibleadvantege. Hehad been told thatnearly,
or over, thiee millions of dolhrs ha.d aheady been
appropnaf'd for this road. He could not say that
he regietted even this enormous expenditure,
because it had perhaps tended very much to the
population and prosperity of that rragn fieent
valley, where, at no distant penod, would be
the nnj mty of our population As an American
citizen, looking to the good ot the whole country, he
should not deplore such a result, foi mankind would
always go where nature presented the strongest
attractions, but there were íeasons why we should
at this crisis keep an eye to economy We had
heard a gieat deal on this floor about the enormous
expenditures of this Administration; and from the
foimidableappropnationshe(Mi V jhadalready
witnessed heie, he was convinced that the Execu-
tive was made the scapegoat for the uniform prod-
igality of this House in making appiopnations.
borne of the most ardent fuends of this bill had
been most loud and vehement in then denuncia-
tions of the alleged extiavagance ot this Admmis
tration, and he (Mi V ) could not but observe,
that When some gentlemen had dilated upon this,
theu fnvn lie topic, they always took good care to
forget that the legislation of Congress had contnb-
u'ed most essentially to the expendnuies of this
Administiation, that upon this Administration
had fallen the enormous calls made upon your
Treasuiy under the pension laws of 1828 and of
1832, and other claims created by Congiess, too
numeious to mention, and if we now, in the ful-
ness of our affection for our western brethren,
were to appropriate this formidable sum of six
bundled thousand dollars, ¡t was difficult to say
how long it would be befoie one of the fuends of
the bill would ammanveit " upon the startling ag-
gregate expenditures o/1834," without mentioning
the amount disbursed upon the Cumberland load,
as a constituent pait of the sum total of this year's
expenditure. Mr. V therefoie thought that we
were admonished, not only by a consideration of
what was reasonable, but by the faciluy with
which, not we, sn, but the head of the executive
department, might in future be reproached for
extravagance, not to grant the enormous sum
appropriated by the vote of yesterday
Mr. V. said, though he should vote for the
minor sum, he desired to have it distinctly under-
stood that he had not been comeited to themeas-
uie by the speech made yesterday by the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr Vance ] That gentleman
must have   supposed that my colleague [Mr.
Mann] was the mouthpiece of the New York del-
egation, or he certainly would not have indulged in
a train of lemarkssoilly calcufated to propitiate the
good will, and secure the votes of New York Sir,
(said Mr. V ,) it is the good or ill fortune of gen-
tlemen from New York, sometimes to differ in
opinion as to the subjects that here come before
us, and for my pait, I can freely say, that I am
too often annoyed with the question, " How will
the New Yorkers go upon this subject'" I can-
not accord to the gentleman from Ohio, or any
I other gentleman, the right to infer that the entire
New Yoik delegation intend to go for or against a
particular measure, because one of its number
indicates his course in regaid to it. I repeat, sir,
that I am not unfuendly to the bill, if it contains
a leasonable sum, nor to the section of the coun-
try which it is designed to benefit; but I will heie
remark, that if theappiopnationis to besuppoited
in tne spirit which chaiactenzed the speech of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vangl,] then the
measure might well exclaim," Oft, save mefiommy
ft tends, and I mil take care of my enemies " Why
had the gentleman alluded so cavalierly to the
appi opt lation for the New York custom-house, and
for the navy-yaid at Brooklyn > What was there
in the history and career of New York, to justify
the spn it which such remarks evinced' Was she
justly chaigeable with a spirit of meanness and
parsimony to our western brethien' Had new
York been a leech upon yourTreasury ' Had she
ever received anything to aid her in her magnifi-
cent woiks of internal improvement' No, sir.
She applied to you foi aid, and you refused it
She asked for biead, and you gave her a stone,
foi,aftei she had completed hergrand work, which
was an ornament not only to that giecti State, but
to the countty, and to the age m which we lived,
you, sn, (I mean this Fedeial Government,) at
tempted to subjpct hei canal boits to youi custom-
house regulations. 1 believe, sir, that you appro-
priated some thiee or foui thousand dolíais to make
a militaiy load somewheiein the neighboihoodof
Sackett's Haiboi, to enable you to transport your
own cannon to the fiontier, and tnat, sir, tells the
whole story of youi munificence to New Yoik,by
way of aiding her m her schemes of internal im-
provement Mr V said he did not know why
this facility to attack New York. Was it because
she was gieat—because she had ovei two mil ions
of population—because hei resources were im-
mense—and because she had her great commercial
emporium, where was collected most of the reve
nue of this Government' He mentioned these
things in no spirit of boasting, for he was fully
persuaded, from the shoit time he had already
been heie, that these circumstances were notmuch
calculated to commend her to an undue shaie of
favoi here     If New York had a commercial em-
j porium that required custom-houses, and all the
facilities for the collection of revenue, and if she
liada haibor, accessible at all timei, and well fitted
as a naval depot, he could not peiceive that these
! advantages, which natuie had seemed to her, war-
ranted taunting allusions to hei, or furnished any
aigument in favoi of this formidable appropriation
for trie Cumue>land load
Mr BEARDSLEY said he did not use to dis-
cuss the character of the New York delegation
An opinion might be foimed of that delegation
without their speaking of themselves, and as one
of the number, he chose to avoid that subject
Neither did he rise to say anything m reply to
' the remaiks of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr
Vance,] for he had heard nothing from him to
which ne took exception, or which he thought
should be regarded as offens ve by any member
from New York But he had usen to entient the
House to drop the subjects upon which they had
been occupied the last two hours, and to vote upon
the bill oefore them, in order that they might take
up some other of the important business of the
session The House, he thought, would not be
greatly benefitted or impioved oy remarks upon
I the charactei of any delegation, and he hoped the
question about that of New York would be laid
1 on the table, and tne motion for reconsideration
disposed of without further debate
Mr McKENNAN spoke earnestly in opposi-
tion to the motion to íeconsider He considered
the reduction of the sum as tantamount to the
1  destruction of the bill itself.
Mr. LOVE followed on the same side.
Mr. HARDIN opposed the bill, and the whole
system of which it was a part. The system of
internal impiovements he viewed as unconstitu-
tional, and as enabling the Federal Government to
swallow up the States The interests of the West,
he thought, were wholly mistaken on this subject
He believed it would be more for the interest of
the West if mountains, higher than the Andes,
and capped with eternal snows, were between the
Western and the Atlantic States. The trade of the
West would then pass thiough us natural chan-
nel—New Orleans. Now, the imports of the
West were made from the Northeast, and her ex-
ports through the Southwest—the two points being
thousands of miles distant
Messis LOVE, STEWART, and THOMAS
of Maryland, followed in opposition to the motion
to reconsider.
Mr. POLK advocated the motion,and insisted,
that as only J.200,000 could be beneficially used
this year for the work, it was unnecessary to de-
puve the Government of the use of three times
that sum He also contended that though the
revenue of the year would exceed the estimates by
two millions of dolíais, yet we had appropriated,
and were likely to appropriate, such large sums
for different objects, that the Treasuiy would not
be able to meet them
Mr. WAYNE made some remarks in support
of tne motion to reconsider, and in opposition to
the bill
Mr D. J PEARCE moved the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. L\NE earnestly requested him to with-
draw it, as he wished to make a few lemarks.
[Loud cries of "No," " No,"and "Question,"
" (Question "]
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was oideied to be put without a
division
Mi THOMAS, of Maryland, moved a call of
the House, which was negatived.
The question on the motion to reconsider waa
then taken by yeas and nays, and determined in
the affiimative.
Yeas 101, nays 96
The amendment offered by Mr Polk, reducing
the appropriation for the repair of the road east
of the Ohio, from $652,000 to $300,000, was then
agreed to without a division.
Mr McKENNAN moved to amend the bill by
striking out the words " entire completion of," in
the third section, and the whole of the fourth sec-
tion of the bill, which was divided.
The question on the former being taken first—
Mr. ELLSWORTH opposed the motion. He
should hesitate to vote for any appropriation for
repairs, unless it was provided that this should be
the last appropriation foi that object. He would
not, theiefoie, vote to strike out the words " en-
tire completion of "
Mr BEARDSLEY had voted against the mo-
tion to reconsider, and would vote against this
motion. He wished the action of the House now
to be final and conclusive.
Mr. McKENNAN temarked, that if the words
were stucken out, the bill would stand exactly as
it was reported fiom the Committee of Way sand
Means
The question being taken, the motion to strike
out the words " entue completion of," was nega-
tived- Yeas 93, nays 115.
The question was then stated on striking out the
' fourth section
Mr GHOLSON moved to amend the section
I by adding a declaration that, after  the  money
1 appiopnated by this act shall be expended, Con-
gress will abandon all further jurisdiction of the
I load.
After some remaiks fiom Messrs GHOLSON,
I BEARDSLEY, W   COST JOHNSON, ELLS-
WORTH, and MERCER,
Mi EWING offered an amendment to the
amendment, pioviding that the States of Indiana,
I Ohio, Illinois, and Missouri, shall not be piohib-
j ited from taxing the public lands after the rehn-
l quishment of this road takes effect.
i Mr GILMER pioposed a substitute for the
1 amendment of Mr. Gholson, which he wished
! that gentleman to accept, before it waa decided
' between them
