1831.                                THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                   471
Sec 3 And be it fmther resolved, ThatthePiesi-
dent of the United States be requested to address,
together with a copy of the above resolutions, a
letter to George Washington Lafayette, and
the other members of his family, assuring them
of the condolence of this whole nation in their
irreparable bereavement.
Slc 4 And be it failher resolved, That the mem-
beis of the two Houses of Congiess will wear a
badge of mourning for thirty days, and that it be
recommended to the people of the United States to
wear a similar badge foi the same period.
Sec 5 And beitfurthe) «soiled, That the Halls
of the Houses be dressed m mourning for the resi-
due of the session.
Sec. 6 And be it further resolved, That John
GtuiNCY Adams be lequested to deliver an oration
on the life and character of General Lai-atette,
before the two Houses of Congress, at the next
session
The resolutions were read twice, and ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading by a unani-
mous vote.
The engrossed bill authorizing the President to
make an arrangement with the French Govern-
ment respecting the French seamen killed and
wounded by flung a salute at Toulon was read.
After some rcmarKsfrom Messrs. McKINLEY,
ARCHER, J a ADAMS, and FELDER, the
bill was passed- Yeas 133, nays 14
On motion of Mr POLK, the vote postponing
the reconsideiaiion of the fortification bill was ear-
ned, when he withdrew his motion to lay it upon
the taole, and the bill now remains upon the
Speaker's table.
On motion of Mr HARDIN,
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE
Wednesday, Jui.e 25, 1834.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Secietary of the
Treasury, relative to the operations of the mint for
the past year
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported a bill from the House
for the relief of Ann M. Barron.
Mr. NAUDAIN, from the Committee on
Claims, íeported a bill fiom the House of Repre-
sentatives, to amend an act for the relief of the
owners of vessels sunk during the last war, foi
the defence of Baltimore, which, on motion of
Mr. N , was read, and oidered to be engrossed
for a third reading.        *
Mr. POINDEXTER moved that the Senate
take up the bill to establish an additional land office
in Arkansas; which was agreed to, and the bill
was read, and ordeied to be engrossed for a third
reading
The bill for the better organization of the district
courts for the district of Alabama was read, and
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading
The Senate took up the bill which was lying on
the table, for confirming to G. Hodges, his heirs
or legal repiesentatives.and H. Masters, his heirs
or legal representatives, ceitam lands m the State
of Missouri; which, after undergoing an amend-
ment offered by Mr. Ka\e, was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. BULL, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, made unfavorable repoits upon
several private petitions; from which the Com-
mittee were discharged
Mr. TYLER, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, asked to be discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of Francis A.
Talbot and others, which was agreed to
The bill to provide for the payment of claims
for property lost, captured, or destroyed by the
enemy, while in the military service of the United
States during the late war with Great Britain, and
the Indian wars subsequent thereto, and for other
purposes, was taken upon motion of Mr. KING,
of Alabama.                                                   _,w
Af ei someconversitionbetweenMessrs MAU,
of Alabama, CALHOUN, and TIPTON,
On motion of Mr. CALHOUN, the bill was
laid upon the table—yeas 19, nays 16
Mr. WEBSTER, from the Joint Committee on
the subject of paying suitable respect to the mem-
ory of General Lafayette, made a report 1 he reso-
lutions ai e the sume as those adopted in the liouae.
Mr. WEBSTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, repoited a bill from the House, without
amendment, relative to foieign gold coin and the
gold coins of the United States; which was read a
first and second time
On motion of Mr WEBSTER, the Senate took
up for consideration the bill providing Indian an-
nuities for the year 1834.
The reading of the bill being dispensed with,
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN offered an amend-
ment to be inserted at the closeof the bill, providing
that the money to be paid to the Indians shall be
paid to the chiefs of the respective tribes, or to the
persons whom the respective tribes shall appoint
to receive it.
Aftei some remarks from Mr. FRELING-
HUYSEN and Mr SPRAGUE, in favor of the
amendment, and from Mr. WHITE in opposition
to it.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN consented to modify
the amendment to extend it only to those Chero-
kees who reside east of the Mississippi.
Mr. FORSYTH and Mr TIPTON opposed the
amendment, and Mr FRELINGHUYSEN and
Mr. SPRAGUE supported it, when
Mi. CHAMBERS suggested a further modifica- I
tion of it, to extend it to the Cherokees generally,
both east and west of the Mississippi, which Mr
FRELINGHUYSEN accepted.
Mr. FORSYTH submitted a further amend-
ment to the amendment, to pay the money to the
persons whom a majority of the tribes should direct.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN opposed the propo-
sition, and Mr. FORSYTH supported it; when it
was negatived.
The question recurring on the amendment,
Mr. FORSYTH asked the yeas and nays on its
adoption, which wereordered, and aie as follows-
YEAS—Messrs    Bibb,   Calhoun,  Chnmlers,
Clay, Clayton, Ewing,Frehnghuysen, Kent,King
of Georgia, Knight, Linn, Mangum, Moore, Nau-
dain, Pomdexter, Porter, Prenliss, Pieston, Rob-
bins, Shepley, Silsbee, Smith, Southard, Sprague,
Swift, Tomhnson, Tyler, Webster—28.
JMAYS—Messrs Benton, Black, Brown, For-
syth, Grundy, Hill, Kane, King of Alabama,
Morns, Robinson, Tallmadge, Tipton, Wagga-
man, White, Wright—15.
So the amendment was agreed to, and the bill,
as amended, was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading
The joint resolution, reported by the committee
aopomted to inquire by what means the Congress
of the United States can best testify the respect
of the nation for the memory of Lafayette, was
taken up foi consideration, and unanimously
adopted
The bill from the House of Representatives reg-
ulating the deposite of the public moneys in the
State banks, was read, and on motion of
Mr WEBSTER, referred to the Committee on
Finance
The bill granting pensions to the French seamen
who were killed at Toulon, was taken up, with the
amendments of the House thereto, and, on motion
of Mr SOUTHARD, they were íeteried to the
Committee on Naval Affairs
On motion of Mr SPRAGUE, the Senate took
up for consideration the íesolution submitted by
him, authorizing the Committee on the Post Office
and Post R.oadi to pursue then investigations into
the affairs of the Post Office Department during the
recess of Congress
The resolution was briefly supported by Mr
SPRAGUE, and opposed by Mr. FORSYTH,
who asked the yeas ard nays on its adoption,
which v/ere ordered, and are as follows, to wit:
YE4.S—Messrs Benton,Bibb, Black,Calhoun,
Chambers, Clay, Clayton, Ewmg, Frehnghuysen,
Grundy, Hendricks, Kane, Kent, Knight, Linn,
Mangum, Moore, Naudam, Pomdexter, Porter,
Prentiss, Robbina, Snepley, Silsbee,Smith,South-
ard, Sprague, Swift, Tomhnson, Tyler, Wagga-
man, Webstei, Whne—33
NAYS—Me srs   Brown, Forsyth, Hill, rung
of Alabama, King of Georgia, Moms, Robinson,
Tallmadge, Tipton, Wright—JO.
So the íesolution was adopted
Mr CLAYTON then asked to be excused f,om
serving on the committee, urging personal consid-
eration"  as a reason for the request
Mr C  was then excustd.
The bill to repeal certain provisions of "An act
to alter and amend the several acts imposing duties
on imports,"approved the 14th July, 1832, was
read a third time and passed.
The resolution submitted yesterday by Mr.
Sprague, lelative to James Curtis, postmaster at
Eastport, Maine, was, on motion of Mr WEB-
STER, laid upon the table.
The íesolution submitted by Mr. Sii.sbee, call-
ing for information relative to the amount of rev-
enue collected, the amount of tonnage, and a list
of entries and clearances at the several custom-
houses m the United States, was considered and
adopted.
The bill prouding for the payment of Indian
annuities, and foro her similar purposes, was then
read a third time and passed
The following bills were read a third time and
passed.
The bill authorizing the selection of certain Wa-
bash and Erie canal lands, in the State of Ohio:
The bill to amend an act entitled " An act for
the relief of William Burns, of Mississippi,"
approved February 19, 1831,
The bill for the relief of the owners of the
"schooner Three Sisters of Saybrook,
The bill establishing an additional land office in
the Teiritory of Arkansas;
The bill for the relief of Philip Bessom; and
The bill to amend the act foi the relief of sun-
dry individuals, owners of vessels sunk for the
defence of Baltimore.
The resolution requesting the Piesident of the
United States to furnish information relative to the
extinguishment of the Cherokee land claims in the
State of Geoifia, was taken up.
Mi. FORSYTH spoke at length against the
adoption of the resolution; when, the hour of two
having arrived, the Senate took a recess until four
o'clock
EVENING SESSION.
Mr WHITE spoke briefly m reply to Mr.
Forsyth, and in support of the resolution
Afiei some further conversation between Mr
FRELINGHUYSEN,Mr.POINDEXTER, and
Mr. FORSYTH,
Mr. CLAY moved to lay the whole subject on
the table, which was disagreed to: Yeas 16, nays
17
Mr FORSYTH then moved an amendment,
" that the President be requested to ascertain upon
' what terms the claims of the citizens of the State
' of Georgia may be extinguished, and commmii
'cate the same to the Senate at the next session of
' Congress "
Mr PORTER then lenewed the motion to lay
the whole subject on the table, and asked theyeas
and nays on the motion; which were ordered,and
are as follows, to wit:
YEAS—Messrs Black, Brown, Calhoun, Clay,
Foisyth, Hill, Kane, Kent, King of Alabama,
King of Georgia, Linn, Mangum, Moore, Poin-
dex"er, Porter, Preston, Robinson,Shepley, Tall-
madge, Tyler, Webster, Wright—22
NAYS—Messrs Benton, Chambers, Clayton,
EwingjFrehnghuysen,Grundy .Hendrick",Knight
Naudam, Robbins, Smith, Southard, Spregue,
Swift, Tipton, Tomhnson, White—17.
So the motion was agreed to
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. WEBSTER, the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill making appro-
priations for the cml and diplomat r expenditures
of the Government for the year 1834
Mr WEBSTER then moved an amendment to
increase the appropriation from ^,4,000 to ^8,000,
for the election of a custom-house m Newbury-
port, Massachusetts.; which was agreed to; after
which, no further amendment being pioposed,
the bill was ordeied to be engrobsed for a third
reading
The following bills were read a third time and
passed:
The bill for the relief of Pearson Freeman;
Trie bill authoring the Secietary of War to
establish a pension agency m the town of Deca-
tui, in the State of Alabama, and to piovide for
the paying of certain pensioners in eaid town d
Dei-tu.                                                                      ,
I     The bill making appropriations for the civil anJ
