1834.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
475
postponed, and the bill to organize a territorial
government north of Missouri and west of the
Mississippi, was taken up The bill was consid-
ered in Committee of the Whole, ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading; and subsequently
read a third time and passed
On motion of Mr. E WING, the Senate took up
the report and resolutions of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. KNIGHT took the opportunity to make
some comments upon the memorial of P P. Blair.
Mr. FORSYTH remarked, that as time was
pressing, he thought it advisable to proceed to the
consideration of the report; which was agreed to
Mr EWING then spoke at length in support of
the resolutions íeported by the committee, when,
without concluding, the hour of two having ar-
rived, the Senate took a recess untiftbur o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate resumed its session at four o'clock
A message upon executive business was received
from the President of the United States, by Mr.
Donhlson, his Private Secretary.
Mr. EWING resumed and concluded his re-
marks in support of the resolutiors of the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, trade a report upon the memoual of the
inhabitants of Tolland county, Connecticut, lela-
tive to the removal of the remains of Captain Na-
than Hale, hung by the enemy asa spy during the
revolutionary war.    Oidered to be printed
Mr. GRUNDY then took the floor, and spoke at
length in reply to Mr. Ewivg   Upon concluding,
Mr. WRIGHT made a few remarks upon the
necessity of proceeding to the business on the Cal-
endar, and concluded by moving to lay the resolu-
tion on the table, upon which he asked the yeas
and nays; which were ordered, and are as follow,
to wit:
YEAS—Messrs Benton,Brown, Forsyth,Grun-
dy, Hendricks, Hill, Kane, King of Alabama,
King of Georgia, Morris, Robinson, Shepley,
Swift, Tallmadge, Tipton, White, Wilkms, and
Wright—18
NAYS—Messrs Ribb, Calhoun, Clay, Clay-
ton, Ewmg, Frehnghuysen, Kent, Knight, Nau-
dain, Pomdexier, Potter, Prentiss, Preston, Rob-
bins, Smith, Southard, Sprague,TomLnson,Tyler,
Waggaman—20.
So the question was determined in the negative
Mr. CLAYTON then proceeded to reply to Mr.
Grundy, and in support of the íesolutions.
Some further conversation occurred, when
Mr. WEBSTER asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered upon the fiist resolution, and
Intimated his intention to move that the remaining
resolutions lie upon the table
The first resolution, to wit:
Resolved, That (t 19 proved and admitted, that
large sums of money have been borrowed at differ-
ent banks by the Postmaster General, in order to
make up the deficiency in the means of carrying
on the business of the Post Office Department,
without authority given by any law of Congress,
and that, as Congress alone possesses the power
to borrow money on the credit of the United S'ates,
all such contracts for loans by the Postmaster
General are illegal and void—
Was decided by the following vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Bibb, Black, Brown,
Calhoun, Chambers, Clay, Clayton, Ewing, Por
syth, Frehnghuysen, Giundy, Hendricks, Hill,
Kane, Kent, King of Alabama, King of Georgia,
Knight, Linn, Mangum, Moore, Naudam, Pom-
dexter, Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Robbms, Robin-
son, Shepley, Silsbee, Smith, Southard, Sprague,
Swift, Tomlmson, Tyler, Waggaman, Webster,
White, Wright—41.
Mr WEBSTER then moved to lay the remain-
ing resolutionson the table, which was agreed to.
The resolution from the House íescinding the
joint resolution, so as to allow the action upon
original bids up to ten o'clock, p m , of this
evening, was, on motion of Mr. WEBSTER, laid
upon the table
The Senate then, on motion of Mr POINDEX-
TER,proceeded to executive business, when.attei
remaining therein until half-past nine o'clock,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, June 27, 1834
Messrs. J. K MANN, McKI VI, HUBBARD,
VINTON, CRANE, H1ESTER, DENNY,and
CONNOR, by consent, presented sundry memo-
rials; which Were laid on the table and ordered to
be printed.
Mr THOMSON, on leave of the House, pre-
sented three petitions from sundry citizens of the
State of Ohio, praying for the establishment of a
mail route from North Union, Carroll county, by
Kilgore, and Shakers' Mills, to Springfield, Jeifer-
son county.
Also, a petition piaymg for a mail route from
Gnadenhutten, by Unck's Mil's and O le Leg, to
Leesville, in the county of Cuiroll, all of which
were referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads
Mr. T likewise presented the proceedings of a
Democratic meeting which was, held on the 17 h of
May last at the distnct school-hou3e in Foulks-
town.St C airtownship, ¡n the county of Colum-
biana, and State of Ohio, which was laid on the
table and ordered to be printed
Mr. E. EVERETT, from the Joint Library
Committee, reported the following resolution:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representa'
lives of the United states of Jimenea ui Congress
assembled, That the bronze statue of Thomas
Jeiferson, presented to the people of the United
States by Lieutenant Levy, be plated in the square
on the eastern front of the Capitol
Mr. ARCHER said, that besides the objection
that no statue ought to be placed in the Capitol
befoie that of General Washington, it was the
opinion of many of the mostcompetent judges that
the statue in question was not such as should be
placed in the Capitol at all. None shou'd be
entnled to that distinction excepting those which
possessed the very first order of merit. He would
move to lay the resolution on the table, but fiom
his willingness to hear any explanation on the
subjec' that gentlemen might be disposed to give
After a few remarks from Messrs EVERETT,
MERCER, LANE, and CLAY, thequestion was
taken on the engrossment of the resolution, which
was carried
The bill fiom the Senate, limiting the time of
advertising the sales of the public lands, reported
from the Committee on Public Lands, by Mr.
MASON, was read a third time and passed
The bill of the Senate for the relief of William
Russell, and another reported from the same com-
mittee, were lead a third time and passed
Mr JARV1S, fiom the Committee on Public
Buildings, reported the following resolution:
Resohed, That the Clerk of the House be directed
to pay to John Vandeilyn, out of the contingent
fund of the House, gl 500, as addit'onal compen-
sation for the full length portrait of Washington,
executed by him, to be placed in the Hal! of Rep-
lesentatives, in pursuance of a resolution of this
House of 17th February, 1839
After a brief explanation from Mr. JARVIS,
the resolution was adopted
The biH to carry into effect the 4th article of the
treaty of 1821, between the United States and the
Creek Indians, was lead a third time, and after
some remarks fiom Mr. J Q, ADAMS, the
House took a íecess till foui o'clock.
EVENING SESSION
The House took up the bill íespecting the juris-
diction and limits of the States of New Yoik and
New Jersey, and it was read a third time and
Mr MERCER moved to take up the bill m
relation to the Potomac bridge    Lost
'ihe House then resumed the consideration of
the bill to carry into effect the fourth article of
the treaty of 1821, between the United States and
the Creek Indians—the question ben g on its pas-
sage.
Mr. J. Q,   ADAMS  renewed his remarks in
l. opoosHion to the bill
Mr  CAMBRELENG spoke buefly in reply m
r the gentleman fiom Massachusetts
I    After a few words fiom Mr   LINCOLN, the
i previous question was called for and seconded.
|i     The mam question was oidered tobe put, and
I  the question being taken on the passage of the
bill, it was determined in the affirmative—yeas 99,
nays 60.
So the kill was passed.
The fortification bill was then read a third time
and passed
The light house bill was lead a third time, and
the question being on its passage,
Mr POLK stated the reasons why he con-
sidered its passage, this year, unnecessary, and
called for the yeas and nays, which were ordered.
After a few remarks from Messrs. ELLS-
WORTH and SUTHERLAND, the question was
taken and determined in the affirmative—yeas 105,
nays 81
So the bill was passed
The bill making appropriations for the support
, of the Military Academy at West Point, dunng
the year 1834, was lead a third time,and theques-
tion being on its passage, Mr DICKINSON asked
the yeas and nays, which weie ordeied.
The question being taken, it was determined in
the t fill mauve—yeas 119, nays 55
So the bill was pasbed.
Various bills were ordered to be engrossed,
when
Mi WILDE moved an adjournment, which
was earned
IN SENATE
1                      Saturday, June 28, 1834.
On motion of Mr CLAY, the Senate íescinded
the order for a recess fiom two to four o'clock
On motion of Mr GRUNDY, the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads were discharged
from the consideration of all subjects referred to
them, with the exception of the resolution le-
quirmg them to investigate the affairs of the Post
Office Department duung the recess
On motion of Mr. WEBS FEil, the Senate took
up the lesoiution rescinding the 16_h joint rule, so
as to admit the piesentation ot bihs up to two
o'clock of this day, which was agreed to
Mr. POINDEXTER moved to take up the
resolution making inquiry into frauds upon the
public lands.
Sime conversation ensued between Messrs
POINDEXTER, WRIGHT, WEBSTER,
CLAY, and KING, of Alabama, when
Mr POlNDisXTER withdiew the motion
The following bills were read a thud time and
passed:
A bill making additional appropiation for the
lmorovement of ceitam haibors, and the removal
of obstiuctions in certain livers.
A bill for the relief of Tench Ringgold,
A bid for the payment of a debt due to the heirs
of Antoine Peltier,
A bill to authorize the correction of eironeous
selections of land granted to theS'ate of Indiana
foi t^e pjrposeof constiuctmg the Michigan load,
A bill for ihe relief of James Ord ,
A bill for the reuef of Jon ithan M  Blaisdell;
A bill regulating the payment of ceitam Indian
annuities, and
A bill authorizing the removal of the custom-
house from Magnolia to St  Marks, in Florida
Mr CLAY moved to lescmd the lule setting
anart Fridays and Saturdays for the consideration
of bills
The consideration of this motion being objected
to, it was agreed to—yeas 19. nij s 1G
The resolution was then adopted without a
division
Mi   CLAYTON, from the Commit.ee on ti e
1  Judio      , reported the bill f.om the House giving
I  the ci    "-nt of Congress to the comnact between
the Siates of New Jeiseyand New York, íespect-
1  mg the teintonal 1 mi's and jtmdiction of said
States, which íeceived  its several readings, was
J   ordered to be engrossed, and finally passed
I       Tie Senate co isideird   tie   lesoiution of the
Joint Libraiv Committee fui  placing the bronze
statue of TI ornas Jefteison, presented by Lieu-
tenart Lev y, in the sq lare.east of the Caoitol
After some rerovks from Messrs ( LO,T\-
LER, CALHOLN, POINDEXTER, and POR-
i  TER, the lesoiution was laid on the table
Mr  WEBSTER, <iom the Committee on Fi-
I   nance, upiited the bid from the House making
jppropnat.ons for the Mi i' «V Academy of tie
United States lor tne year lt34
