1334.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
477
Mi. HARDIN explained the abuses to which
the country were exposed from patentees and
speculators under them, and opposed the provis-
ions of the bill
Mr. ELLSWORTH replied.
The bill was then passed.
The bill supplemental y to the act to amend the
several acts respecting copy rights, was read a
third time and passed.
The bill authorizing the running out and mark-
ma; the northern boundaiyl'ne of the country
purchased of the Chickasaw nation was read a
third time.
Mr. J Q.. ADAMS objected to the words
"dnected" as applied to the President It was
an unconstitutional asseition of superionty on ''
the pirt of Congiess, which was totally unprece-
dented. He moved these words be struck out,
which, by unanimous consent, was done.
The bill was then passed.
The bill to prohibit the corporations of Wash-
ington, Georgetown, and A!exariciiia,from issuing
piomissory notes, or bills, of any denomination
less than ten dolíais, was read a third time, and
The bill for completing the impiovements of
Pennsylvania Avenue, was read a third time and
passed.
The bill authorizing the construction of a budge
acioss the Potomac, and repealing all acts already
passed in íelaüon thereto, was read a third time
and passed.
The bill making appropriations for the public
buildings and giounds, and for other pui poses,
was read a third time and passed.
The bill carrying into effect the convention be-
tween the United States and Spain, was read a
tu 11 d time and passed.
The bill to enable the Secretary of State to pur-
chase the manuscripts and books of Geneial
Washington, was read a third time and passed
The bill authouzmg the purchase of the live oak
frames foi a frigate and sloop of-war, and for other
purposes, was lead a third time and passed.
The bill to provide for rebuilding the frigate
Congress, was read a third time and passed.
The bill to authorize the Piesident to direct the
transfer of appropriations for naval service under
certain circumstances, was read a third time and
A bill making appropnation for the improve-
ment of the navigation of the Hudson nvei, and
for other purposes, was read a third time.
Mr. HAWES demanded the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill, which were ordered.
The bill was passed- Yeas 95, nays 62.
Various bills hom the Senate weie read twice,
and committed to the appropnate committees.
A bill from the Senate aúthoiizing the correc-
tion of erroneous selection of lands granted to the
State of Indiana, was redd a third time and passed.
Tne bill making provision for the individuals
wounded, &c , in flung the salute at Toulon, as
amended by the Senate, came up on the question
of concurrence,
The amendment was concurred in
The House went into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, upon the amendments
to the harbor bill made by the Senate, (Mr Wiide
in the chan )
The amendments were a1] agreed to, ard the
bill, as amended, reported to the House; where
the amendments weie concurred in.
The amendment of the Senate to the bill making
appiopnation for carry.ng into effect certain Indian
tieatieswas read, pioviding for the payment of
the expenses of thnteen delegates from the East-
ern Cheiokees.
On motion of Mr. POLK, the House went into
Committee on this amendme it, (Mi C%s«.¡rin
the chair )
Theamendmentwa<sop osed ' y Mess.s CLAY
and McKINLEY, and supported by Me sis
WILLIAMS, BURGES.and HUNTlNGTON,
wien the amendment was agreed to
The bill, as amended, was íeported to the
II  me, tv here the amendment was concui ed m
Mr HEATH moved that the House take up
the bul making approbations foi a mpr.ne hos-
pi'al in the cuy of Bilurnoie, a .J foi oihei pur-
| oses,  aíuc'i ft0.8 ug.eed tj
The amendments were concurred in; and the
bih ordeied to a third reading, read,and passed.
The bill gianting an additional quantity of land
for the satisfaction of rev olutionary land wairants,
was taken up, and the amendments having been
coftcu'red in, the bill was ordered to a third lead-
ing, read a third time, and passed
Mr. C P. WHITE moved to suspend the rules,
in Older to take up the bill authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Navy to make experiments in regard
to the steam engine; which was agreed to, and the
bill was lead a thud time and passed.
The bill to remu the duties on locomotive steam
engines, &u, was taken up, and
Mr MART1NDALE moved to lay it on the
table
The question being taken by yeas and nays, the
motion was negati/ed—yeas G7, nays 77
Mr. D1CKLRS0N made some remarks m
opposition to the bill, when the bill was amended
so as to limit its opeiation to one year.
Mr II. EVERETT moved to strike out the
second section, considenng it (he said) as trench-
ing upon the principles of the compromise act,
and theieon he demanded the yeas and nays;
which were oidered.
The question being taken, the motion to strike
out was agreed to—yeas 76, nays 67.
The bill was then ordered to be read a third
time, and was read a thud time and passed
A bill in addition to an act passed 13th July,
1832, entitled "An act concerning tonnage duty
on Spanish vessels," was taken up.
Mi. McKlM moved to lay thebillon the table;
which was negatived.
The bill was then read a third time and passed.
On motion of Mr. SMITH, the 16 h lule was
suspended, so far as to permit the last mentioned
bills to be sent to the Senate for concuuence.
EVENING SESSION"
On motion of Mi WHITE, of Louisiana, it was
ordered that additional compensation be given to
the watchmen of the Capitol.
Mr SPEIGHT moved a resolution of thanks to
the late Speaker, [Mr  Sievenson ]
Mr. WHITTLESEY objected to the consider-
ation of the resolution. He said it was under-
stood that the House would devote this evening to
bills, of which a great number remained to be acted
upon.
The CHAIR derided that the motion did not
requne a vote of two-thuds.
Mr WHITTLESEY requested the gentleman
from North Carolina to withdiaw the motion,
which was declined                                           •
Mr EWÍNG asked the yeas and nays on the mo-
tion , when it appeared that there was no quorum.
Mr. SPEIGHT moved a call of the House,
which was ordeied.
Upon the fust call, 102 membeis answered to
then names
On motion, all further pioceeding in the call
was suspended
Mr. SPEIGHT then submitted the following
lesolution;
Resoied, That the thanks of this House be
presented to the honorable Andrew Stevenson,
late Speaker, foi the fnmness, dignity, skill, and
impartia'ity with which he filled the office of
Speakei duiing the present session
Mi READ desned the yeas and nays, which
were oidered.
The question being taken, the resolution was
agreed to—yeas 97, nays, 49, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs John Adams, John J Allen,
William Allen, Bean, Beaidsley, Beaumont, Blair,
Bockee.Bodle, Boor, Boaldm, Bjrch,Cage,Cam-
bieleng.Carmichacl, Can, Casey,Chaney.Chmn,
Samuel Claik, Clay, Coffee, Connoi, Cramei,
Davenport, Day, Dickersó.i, Diciansori, Dunlap,
PelJer, Forester, Fowler, William K. Fuller,
Gtiolson, Gnlet, Gilmei, Joseph Hah, Halsey,
Hamer.ilannegan.JosephM Haiper, Harrison,
Hathaway,Hawkins, Hu.ves, Heaih.llendeison,
Abel Huntington, Inge, N Johnson, Kavanagh,
Kirmrd, Lane, Lansing, Laporte, Tilomas Lee,
Luke Lea, Leavitt, L\on, Ly le, Abijan Mann,
John Y Mason Moses Mason, McDuine, Mcln-
tne MrKiy, McKim,McKmle\ , MoVeir, Mil-
lei, Muhlenberg, Murpny,Osgood, Pige, Parker,
Pa.toii, Pdt't.„oii, D  J   Feaice.rianklui P.eic,
Polk, Schenck, Schley, Shmn, Charles Slade,
Smith, Speight, Stoddert, Sutherland, William
Tayloi, Francis Thomas,Thomson, Vanderpoel,
Waggener, Ward, Waidwell, C. P. White—97.
NAYS—Messis. John Q.umcy Adams, Heman
Allen, Aicher, Barber, Binney,Burges,Campbell,
Chambers, Denny, Duncan, Evans, Edward Ever-
ett, Horace Eveiett, Ewmg, Fillmore, Garland,
Grayson, Guffin, Hiland Hall, Hardin, James
Harper, Hazleune, Hiester, Jackson, Jarvis,
William C. Johnson, King, Lewis, Lincoln,
Martindale.McKennan, Mercer, Milligan, Pinck-
ney, Potts, Reed, Rencher, Selden, William B.
Shepatd, Spangler,Steele,Tweedy, Vinton, Wil-
liams, Watmough, Wilde, E. D. White, F. Whit-
tlesey, E   Whittlesey—49
A bill regulating the value of foreign gold coins,
returned fiom the Senate with an amendment, was
taken up and the amendment concurred in
An act compensating cei tain diplomatic services
and foi other pui poses, was read a third time and
A bill from the Senate, entitled an act to repeal
certain piovisions of an act to alter and amend the
several acts imposing duties on imports, was read
a third time, amended, on motion of Mi. DICK-
ERSON.anJ passed.
Mi. POLK submitted thecustomary resolution
for allowing extra compensation for the messen-
gers of the House; which was agreed to.
A bill from the Senate for the construction and
use of a lateral branch of the Baltimore and Ohio
railroad, within the District of Columbia, was
taken up.
Mr. HAWES moved to postpone the consider-
ation of the bill till the first Monday of December
next, upon which
Mr. HEATH asked tha yeas and nays; which.
were oidered.
After some remarks from Mr. H in earnest
support of the bill,
Mr. HA WES moved to lay it on the table; upon
which the yeas and nays were ordeied.
The question being taken, the motion to lay the
bill on the table, was carried—yeas 106, nays 49.
A bill entitled an act m addition to an act for the
punishment of certain crimes against the United
States, was read a third time and passed.
A bill to aid in the construction of certain roads
in the Temtory of Michigan was taken up, and
after some remarks in support of it from Mr.
LYON, of Michigan,
Mr. POLK moved to lay it on the table; which
wa3 negatived.
The bill was then read a third time, and passed.
A bill authorizing the President of the United
States to open roadsm the Teintory of Arkansas,
was read a third time, and passed.
The House went into Committee of the Whole
on the amendment of the Senate to the bill grant-
ing pensions to certain persons therein named,
(Mr   Mu i ra m the chan )
The amendments weie agreed to, and reported
to the House, and the House concurred in the
amendments
A bill for the relief of Hannah Stone was read
a third time, and parsed
A bill for the relief of Wolcott Chauncey was
read a third time, and passed.
A bill for the relief of the representatives of
James P. Hainesworth was read athnd time,and
A bill to amend an act for the relief of William
Bums was read a third time, and passed
A bill continuing toG^bert Hodgesand Henry
Masters &, Co , cei tain lands in Missouri was read
a thud lime, and passed
The House went into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr E Everi.tt in
the chan ,) on various Senate bills
The bilí to establish a por^of entiy at Natchez,
in tne btaue of Mississippi, was taken up
Mi SUTHERLAND bi.ioved an amendment
e^tab'ishiiig vawous porn of delivery, and extend-
ing the limits of the port of Philadelphia, &c.
The amendment was agreed to, and the bill laid
nside.
The bill granting a township of land to certain
e\iles from Poland was taken up.
The amendments proposed by Mr CLAY, from
the Committee on Public Lands, weie redd, a fur
tui explanation by Mr  CLAY m support of the
