APPENDIX
TO THE CONGRESSIONAL 0LOB E.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate and H. of Reps.
TO SUBSCRIBERS.
This is the first sheet of the Appendix
to the Congressional Globe for the first
session of the 28th Congress. For the in-
formation of those who have not seen our
Prospectus, wo will here state, that the
Appendix to the Congressional Globe will
contain the President's annual message
and the annual reports of the heads of
the Executive Departments, and all the
speeches made in both Houses of Con-
gress during this session, which shall be
written out or corrected by the members.
It is expected by us that the Appendix for
this session will make near 1,000 royal-
quarto pages. The price of it is $1 for the
session to all who may subscribe for it before
the 1st of January next. Those who sub-
scribe for it after that day will be charged
$2 for the session. If the money for it
shall be remitted to us by the 1st of Janua-
ry, it will secure the work for $1, no mat-
ter when the money conies to our hands.
The Congressional Globe contains a
condensed report of the speeches in both
Houses of Congress, all the resolutions of-
fered in either House, and the yeas and
nays on all important questions. It is
printed ^ the same form as the Appen-
dix, will make about as many pages, and
is sold by us at the same price—viz: $1 for
the session, if subscribed for before the 1st
of January next, or $'2 for the session if
subscribed for after that day. s
We shP« print several thousand surplus
copies of both works, for the purpose of
supplying those who may subscribe hereaf-
ter with complete files.
The rules of the Post Office Department
permit postmasters to frank letters, written
by themselves containing money for sub-
scriptions.
MESSAGE OF THE PRESIDENT OF THE
UNITED STATES.
To the Senate and
House of Representatives of the United States:
If any people ever had cause to render up'thanks
to the Supreme Being for parental cure and protec-
tion extended to them in all the trials and difficul-
ties to which they have been from time to time ex-
posed, we tet'tciiiily are that people. 'Fiom the first
settlement of our forefathers on this continent—
through the dangers attendant upon the occupation
of a savage wilderness—through a long period of
colonial dependence—thiongh the war of the Revo-
lution—in the wisdom which led to the adoption of
the existing republican forms of government—in
the hazards mcide'it to a war subsequently wag d
with one of the most poweiful nation:; of the earth
—in the increase of our population—in the spread
of the arts and sciences, and in the strength and du-
rability conferred on political institutions emanating
from the people and sustained by their will, the su-
perintendence of an overruling Providence has been
plainly visible. As preparatory, therefore, to en-
tering once more upon the high duties of legislation,
it becomes us humbly to acknowledge our depen-
dence upon Him as our guide and protector, and to
implore a continuance of His parental watchfulness
over our beloved country- We have new cause for
the expression of our gratitude in the preservation
of the health of our fellow-citizens, with some par-
tial and local exceptions, during the past season—
for the abundance with wluoh the earth has yielded
up its fiuits to the labors of the husbandman—for
the renewed activity which has been imparted to
commerce—for the revival of trade in all its depart-
ments—for the increased rewards attendant on the
exercise of the mechanic arts—for the continued
growth of onr population, and the rapidly-revivmg
prosperity of the whole country. I shall be permit-
ted to exchange congratulations with you, gentle-
men of tile two Houses of Congress, on these aus-
picious circumstances, and to assure you, in ad-
vance, ot my ready disposition to concur with you
in tile adoption of all such measures as shall be cal-
culated 10 increase the happiness of our constitu-
ents, and to advance the glory of our common coun-
try-
8ince the last adjournment of Congress, the Ex-
ecutive has relaxed 110 effort to render indestructible
the relations of amity whirhso happily exist be-
tween the United States, and other countries. The
treaty lately concluded with Great Britain lias tended
greatiy to increase the good understanding winch a
reciprocity of interest is calculated to encourage, and
it is most'ardentiy to be hoped that nothing may
transpue to interrupt the relations of amity which it.
is so obviously the policy of bu.li nations to culti-
vate.
A question of much importance still remanis to be
adjusted between them. The tex tutorial limits of the
two countries 111 reblion to what is commonly
known as the Oregon Territory, still remain in dis-
pute. The United States would be at all time-; in-
disposed to aggrandize themselves at the expense 01
any other nation; but while they would be retrained
by principles of honor, which .'-liould govern the
conduct of nations as well as that of mdiviuuals,
from setting up a demand for territory winch does
not belong to them, they would us unwillingly coil-
sent to a surrender of their rights. After the most
rigid, and, as tar as practicable, unbiassed examina-
tion of the subject, the United Btatcs have always
contended that their rights appertain to the entire
region of country lying on the Pacific, and
embraced within 43° and 54° 40' of north
latitude. This claim being controverted by Great
Britain, those who have preceded the present Ex-
ecutive—actuated, no doubt; by an earnest desire to
adjust the matter upon terms mutually satisfactory
to both countries—have caused to be submitted to
the British Government propositions for settlement
and final adjustment, which, however, have no't
proved heretofore-acceptable to it. Our Minister at
London has, under instructions, again brought the
subject to the consideration of that Government; and
while nothing will be done1 to compromit e rights
or honor of the United States, every proper expe-
dient will be resorted to, in order to bring the nego-
tiation now in the progress of resumption to a
speedy and happy termination. In the .meat) time it
is proper to remark, that many of our citizen's -are
either already established in the territory, or are on
their way thither for the purpose of,forming perma-
nent settlements, while others are preparing to fol-
low; and m view of the^e facts, I must repeat tile
recommendation contained m previous messages!,
for the establishment of military posts, , at such
places on the line of travel as will furnish security
and protection to our hardy adventurers against
hostile tribes of Indians inhabiting those extensive
regions. Our laws should also follow them, so
modified as the circumstances of the case may seem
to require. Under the influence of our free system
of government, new republics are destined to .spring
up, at 110 distant day, on the shores of the. Pacific,
similar in policy and in feeling to those existing on
this side of the Rocky Mountains, and giving a
wider and more extensive spread to the principles of
civil and religious liberty.
I am happy to inform you that the cases which
have arisen, from time to time, of .the detention Oi
American vessels by British cruisers on the coast of
Africa, under pretence of being engaged in the slave-
i trade, have been placed in a fair train of adjustment.
In the case of William and Francis, full satisfaction
will be allowed. In the cases of the Tygris and
Seamew, the British Government admits that satis-
faction is due. In the case of the Jones, the sum
accinmg from the sole of that vessel and cargo will
be paid to the owners, while I cannot but flatter
myself that full indemnification will be allowed for
all damages sustained by the detention of the vessel;
and m the case of the Douglass, her Majesty's
Government has expressed its determination "to
make indemnification. Strong hopes are therefore
entertained that most, if not all of these cases, wilt
I be speedily adjusted. No new cases have ,arisen
since the unification of the treaty of Washington;
and it is confidently anticipated that the slave-trade,
under the operation of the eighth article of that trea-
ty, will be altogether suppressed.
" The occasional interruption experienced by our
fellow-citizens engaged in the fisheries on the neigh-
borin« coast of Nova Scotia, has not failed to claim
the intention of the Executive. Representations
upon this subject have been made; but, as yet, no
definitive answer to those representations has been
received from the British Government.
Two other subjects of comparatively minor im-
portance, but nevertheless of t.00 much consequence
to be neglected, remain still to be adjusted between
the two countries. By the tieaty between the Uni-
ted States and Great Britain of July, 1815, it is pro-
vided that no higher duties shall be levied 111 either
country on articles imported from the other, than
on the same articles imported from any other place.
In 183G, rough rice, by act of Parliament, was aa-
mitted from the coast of Africa into Great Britain
011 the payment of a duty of one penny a quarter;
while the same article from all other countries, in-
eluding the United States, was subjected to the pay-
