APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 1843.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate and H. of Reps.
nient of a duty of twenty shillings a quarter. Our
Minister at London has, from time to time, brought
this subject to the consideration of the British Gov-
ernment, but, so far, without success. He is in-
structed to renew his representations upon.it.
Some years since, a claim was preferred against
the British Government on the part of certain Amer-
ican'merchants, for the return of exp.ort duties paid
by them on shipments of woollen goods to the
"{jnited States, after the duty on similar articles ex-
ported to other countries had been repealed, and
consequently in contravention of the commercial
convention between the two nations, securing to us
equality in such cases. The principle on which the
claim rests has long since been virtually admitted by
Great Britain; but obstacles to a settlement have
from time to time been interposed,.so that a large
portion of the amount claimed has not yet been re;
funded. Our Minister is now engaged in the prose-
cution of the claim, and I cannot but persuademy-
self that the Bx-itish Government will no longer de-
lay its adjustment.
I am happy to be able to say that nothing has oc-
curred to disturb in any degree the relations of ami-
ty which exist between the United States and
France, Austria, and Russia, as well as with the
other powers of Europe, since the adjournment of
Congress. Spain has been agitated with internal
convulsions for many years, from the effects of
which it is to be hoped she is destined speedily to
recover; when, under a more liberal system of com-
mercial policy on her part, our trade with her may
again fill its old, and, so far as her continental pos-
sessions are concerned, its almost forsaken channels;
thereby adding to the mutual prosperity of the two
countries. -
Tiie Germanic Association of Customs and Oom-
metce, which, since its establishment in 1833, has
been steadily growing in power and importance, and
consists at this time of more than twenty German
States, and embraces a population of 27,00(1,000 of
people united for all the purposes of commercial
intercourse with each other and with foreign Slates,
oilers to the latter the most valuable exchanges on
principles more liberal than are offered in the fiscal
■system of any other European power. From its
origin, the importance of the German Union has
.never been lost sight of by the United States. The
industry, morality, and other valuable qualities of
the Gentian nation, have always been well known
and appreciated. On this subject I invite the atten-
tion of Congress to the report, of the Secretary of
State, from which it will be seen that, while our cot-
ion is admitted tree of duty, and the duty on rice
li.ts been much reduced, (which has already led to a
gioatly increased consumption,) a strong disposition
lias lii-en leccntly evinced by that great body to re-
duce, upon certain conditions, their present duty
upon tobacco. This being the first intimation of a
i oncessiun on this interesting subject ever made by
any European power, I cannot but regard it ,is well
calculated to remove the only impediment which lias
.•io (hr existed to the most liberal commercial intcr-
court-c between us and them. Tn this view, our
Minister at Bcilm,who has heretofore industriously
pursued Ilie subject, has been instructed to enter
upon the negotiation of a commercial treaty, wind),
while it will open new advantages to the agricultural
iiiten sts of the. United States, and a more free and
expanded field for commercial operalions, will affect
iujni lou.-ly no existing interest of the Union. Should
the negotiation be crowned with success, its lesults
Mill be communicated to both Houses of Cougiess.
1 rommunicate herewith certain despatches ic-
rcjvi d from our Minister at Mexico, and also a cor-
respondence which has recently oo-uiied between
the Envoy from that Republic and the Secretaiy of
Kiaie. It must be regarded as not a little extraor-
dinary that the Government of Mexico, in anticipa-
tion of a public discussion, which it has been
pleased to infer, from newspaper publications, as
likely tn take place m Congress, i elating to the an-
nexation of Texas to the United States, should
have so far anticipated the lesult of such discussion
as to hove announced its determination to visit any
wi'di anticipated decision by a formal declaration of
-siar aaainst the United States. If designed to pre-
vent Congress from introducing that question as a
iii subject for its calm deliberation and final judg-
ment, the Executive has no reason to doubt that it
will entirely fail of its object. The representatives
of o brave and patriotic people will sutler no appre-
l:ep"'oi! "f futine conteqiienees to embarrass them
; , iV course of their pioposed deliberations. Noi
Sceciniyc Department of
Gov eminent
fail, for any such cause, to discharge its whole duty
to the country.
The war which has existed for so long a time be-
tween Mexico and Texas has, since the battle of
San Jacinto, consisted for the most part of predatory
incursions, which, while they have been attended
with much of suffering to individuals, and have kept
the borders of the two countries in a state of con-
stant alarm, have failed to approach to any defini-
tive result. Mexico has fitted out no formidable
armament, by land or by sea, for the subjugation of
Texas. Eight years have now elapsed since Texas
declared her independence of Mexico, and during
that time she has been recognised as a sovereign
power by several of the principal civilized States.
Mexico, nevertheless, perseveres in her plans of re-
conquest, and refuses to recognise her independence.
The predatory incursions to which 1 have alluded,
have been attended, in one instance, with the break-
ing up of the courts of justice, by the seizing upon
the persons of the judges, jury, and officers of the
court, and dragging them along with unarmed, and
therefore non-combatant citizens, into a cruel and
oppressive bondage; thus leaving crime, to go un-
punished, and immorality to pass unreproved. A
border warfare is evermore to be deprecated, and
over such a war as has existed for so many years
between these two States, humanity has had great
cause to lament. Nor is such a condition of things
to be deplored only because of the individual suf-
fering attendant upon it. The effects are far more
extensive. The Creator of the Universe has given
man the earth for his rcstingplace, and its fruits for
his subsistence. Whatever, therefore, shall make
the first, or any part of it, a scene of desolation,
affects injuriously his heritage, and may be regarded
as a general calamity. Wars may sometimes be
neccssaiy, but all nations have a common interest
in bringing them speedily to a close. The United
States have an immediate interest in seeing an end
put to the state of hostilities existing between Mex-
ico and Texas. They are our neighbors, of the
same continent, with whom we are not only de-
sirous of cultivating the relations of amity, but of
the most extended commercial intercourse, and to
practise all the rites of a neighborhood hospitality.
Our own interests are deeply involved in the matter,
since, however neutral may be our course of pol-
icy, we cannot hope to escape the effects of a spirit
of jealousy on the part of both of the powers. Nor
can this Government be indiffeient to the fact, that a
warfare, such as is waged between those - two
nations, is calculated to weaken both powcis,
and finally to render them, and especially the
weaker of the two, the subjects of interference
on the part of stronger and more powerful na-
tions, which, intent only on advancing their own
peculiar views, may sooner or later attempt to bring
about a compliance of terms, as the condition of
their interposition, alike derogatory to the nation
granting them, and detrimental to the interests of the
United Suites. We could not be expected quietly
to permit any such interference to our disadvantage.
Considering that Texas is separated from the Uni-
ted .States by a mere geographical line; that her tci-
ritory, in the opinion of many, formed a portion of
the territory of the United States; that it is homo-
geneous in its population and pursuits with the ad-
joining States, and makes contributions to the com-
incrced'the world in the same articles with them; and
that most of her inhabitants have been citizens of
the United States; speak the same language, and
live under similar political institutions with our-
selves—this Government is bound, by every consid-
eration of interest, as well us of sympathy, to see
that she shall be left free to act, especially in regard
to her domestic affairs, unawed by force, and un-
restrained by the policy or views of other coun-
tries. In full v lew of all these considerations, the
Executive lias not hesitated to express to the Gov-
ernment of Mexico how deeply it deprecated a con-
tinuancc of the war, and bow anxiously it desired
to witness its termination. I cannot but think that it
becomes the United States, as the oldest of the Amer-
ican Republics, to hold a language to Mexico upon
this subject of an unambiguous character. It is
time that this war had ceased. There must be a
limit to all wars; and if the parent State, after an
eight years' struggle, has failed to reduce to sub-
mission a portion of its subjects standing out in
revolt against it, and who have not only proclaimed
themselves to be independent, but have been recog-
nised as such by other powers, she ought not to
expect that other nations will quietly look, to
their obvious injury, upon a protraction of hostili-
ties. These United States threw off their colonial
dependence, and established independent Govern-
ments; and Great Britain, after having wasted her
energies in the attempt to subdue tkcvu for a. less
period than Mexico has attempted to subjugate
Texas, had the wisdom and justice to acknowledge
their independence; thereby recognising the obliga-
tion which rested on her as one of the family of
nations. An example thus set by one of the proud-
est, as well as most powerful nations of the earth,
it could in no way disparage Mexico to imitate.
"While, therefore, the Executive would deplore any
collision with Mexico, or any disturbance of the
friendly relations which exist between the two
countries, it cannot permit that Government to con-
trol its policy, whatever it may be, towards Tex-
as; but will treat her—as, by the recognition of her
independence, the United States have long since de-
clared they -would do—as entirely independent of
Mexico. The high obligations of public duty may
enforce from the constituted authorities of the Uni-
ted States a policy, which the course persevered in
by Mexico will have mainly contributed to produce;
and the Executive, in such a contingency, will, with
confidence, throw itself upon the patriotism of
the people to sustain the Government in its course
of action.
Measures of an um*sual character have recently
been adopted by the Mexican Government, calcula-
ted in no small degree to affect the trade of other
nations with Mexico,- and to operate injuriously to
the United States. All foreigners, by a decree of
the 23d day of September, and after six months
from the day of its promulgation, are forbidden to
carry on the business of selling by retail any goods
within the confines of Mexico. Against this de-
cree our Minister has not failed to remonstrate.
The trade heretofore carried on by our citizens
with Santa Fe, in which much capital was already
invested, and which was becoming of daily increas-
ing importance, has suddenly been arrested by a de-
cree of virtual prohibition on the part of the Mexi-
can Government. Whatever may be the right of
Mexico to prohibit any particular course of trade to
the citizens or subjects of foreign powers, this late
procedure, to say the least of it, wears a harsh and
unfriendly aspect.
The instalments on the claims recently settled by
the convention with Mexico have been punctually
paid as they have fallen due, and our Minister is
engaged in urging the establishment of a new com-
mission, in pursuance of the convention for the set-
tlement of unadjusted claims.
With the other American States our relations of
amity and goodwill have remained uninterrupted.
Our Minister near the Republic of New Grenada
hns succeeded in effecting an adjustment of the
claim upon that Government for the schooner "By
Chance," which has been pending for many years.
The claim for the brig "Morris," which had its
origin during the existence of the republic of Co-
lombia, and indemnification for which, since the dis-
solution of that republic, has devolved on its sever-
al members, will be urged with renewed zeal.
I have much pleasure in saying that the Govern-
ment of Brazil has adjusted the claim upon that
Government in the case of the schooner "John S.
Bryan," and that sanguine hopes are entertained
that the same spirit of justice will influence its coun-
cils in arriving at an early decision ,#o n the re-
maining claims; thereby removing all cause of dis-
sension between two powers whose interests are, to
some extent, interwoven with each other.
Our Minister at Chili has succeeded in inducing a
recognition by that Government of the adjustment
effected by his predecessor of the first claims in the
case of the "Macedonian." The first instalment
has been received by the claimants in the United
States.
Notice of the exchange of ratifications of the trea-
ty with Peru, which will take place at Lima, has not
yet reached this country, but is expected shortly to
be!received, when that claims upon that republic will
doubtless be liquidated and paid. ,
In consequence of a misunderstanding between
this Government and that of Buenos Ayres, occur-
ring several years ago, this Government has re-
mained unrepresented at that court, while a minis-
ter from it has been constantly resident here. The
causes of irritation have, in a great measure, passed
away; and it is in contemplation, in view of impor-
tant interests which have grown up in that country,
at some early period during- the present session of
Congress, with the concurrence of the Senate, to re-
store diplomatic relations between the tw countries
