Dec. 1843. 
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
7
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Senate and H. of Reps.
1837 and 1840 were less than seven hundred thou-
sand dollars.
From the preceding estimates and
statement, it appears that there
will be required for the service of
the present fiscal year beyond the
means in the treasury, - $4,000,000 00
And for the service of the fiscal year
commencing 1st July, 1844, be-
yond the probable revenue, at
least - 4,500,000 00
The loan of 3841 becoming: due 1st
January, 1845, amounts to
The balance of the treasury notes
which were outstanding on the
3d March, 1843, and were not re-
deemed by the last loan, amounts
to
8,500,000 00
5,G?2,97G 88
4,656,387 45
"With respect to the last item, the balance of un-
redeemed treasury notes, it is supposed that ade-
quate provision for the present is made by existing
laws, which authorize the funding such notes in a
ten years' stock, or the reissue of them before the
1st of July, 1844. Some observations will be found
in a subsequent part of this report, explanatory of the
views and course of this department m regard to
these treasury notes. In this place it is deemed
proper only to express the opinion that no legisla-
tion will be necessary to prowde for this amount of
more than four millions and a half, other than the
continuance by Congress of the provisions of the act
of March 3, 1843.
The loan made under the act of 91st July, 1841,
is in terms redeemable at the option of the Govern-
ment after the 1st January, 1845; yet it is not doubt-
ed that the. understanding of the lenders at the time
was, as it always is in respect to loans on similar
terms, that it would be redeemed at the specified
time. In the opinion of the undersigned, the prac-
tice of rendering loans indefinite or uncertain as to
the times of payment, ought not to be indulged
when it can possibly be avoided. A postponement,
supposed to be temporary, ft om year to year em-
barrasses the operations of the treasury by the un-
certainty nf the demands which may be made upon
it. In the present abundance of money, it is be-
lieved that a new loan might be obtained, on a ten
or fifteen years' stock, on terms more favorable to
the Government than those on which that about to
become due was procured. This course is recom-
mended also by the consideration that the probable
deficiency in the revenues of the next fiscal year to
meet the ordinary expenditures will be sufficient to
call forth all our resources without encountering this
additional amount.
The remaining eight mi]'ion five hundred thou-
sand dollars (the estimated expenditures over the
receipts of the present and next fiscal year) must be
avoided in whole or m part by a reduction of the
public expenditures, or provision must be made to
meet them by an increase m the revenue. Both
these topics, therefore, demanded consideration.
First, a reduction in the expenses of the Govern-
ment.
The subjects for retrenchment fall peculiarly
within the province of the legislative branch of the
Government, particularly those of a general charac-
ter. There are some, however, winch are necessa-
rily better known to the departments having charge
of them. It is believed that the expenses of collect-
ing the revenue from customs may be materially di-
minished by the abolition of some collection dis-
tricts, and of some offices in other districts, which
have ceased to be useful, and by a more exact regu-
lation of the compensation of those officers who may
be retained. The subject has heretofore been brought
to the attention of Congress; and it is again respect-
fully submitted to its consideration. Any additional
information that lias been obtained, and the views of
the department in detail, will cheerfully be commu-
nicated to the appropriate committees.
A large and unnecessary expense is frequently in-
curred in the proceedings to obtain judicial condem-
nation of goods of small value, which have been
seized as having been illegally imported. In one
collection district, and in a single quarter, out of
forty-three cases of seizure, balances of costs were
paid, by the United States in thirty-nine of them,
averaging fifty-four dollars in each suit. This is
probably an extreme case; but the evil is known to
be very general. If no claimant ventures to appear,
$he conclusion seems irresistible that no defence ex- ;
ists. It is submitted, therefore, whether a more
prompt and economical mode of proceeding may not
be adopted, consistent with the rights of all. Con-
gress has made liberal provision for the remission
of forfeitures, where they have been incurred with-
out fraudulent intent, by a short and simple process,
which saves to the applicant the costs of a trial. It
would seem but just that a similar principle should
apply in favor of the Government. In cases where
the appraised value of the goods seized shall be less
than one hundred dollars, an ample public notice
might be given, requiring claimants to appear and
give security for costs in case of failure; and, in de-
fault of a claim, the goods might be sold at public
auction, and the proceeds deposited m the treasury
for a convenient period prior to final distribution, to
be refunded in the proper cases.
The act regulating the amount of compensation to
be retained out of their fees by clerks of district and
circuit courts, when the same person officiates in
both capacities, has received a construction by one
of the circuit courts which defeats the purpose that
Congress seems to have had in view, and requires
amendment, if it be intended that the surplus of
fees beyond the given amount shall belong to the
treasury.
Considerable expense might be saved by a modi-
fication of the act of June 12, 1840, which would al-
low the consolidation of two or more surveying dis-
tricts, whenever the remaining surveys therein
could, in the opinion of the department, be com-
pleted under the surveyor general of one of them;
and by authorizing the discontinuance of land
offices whenever their expenses exceed twenty per
cent, of the annual amount of sales, and annexing
the lands unsold to some other office.
The acts making permanent and indefinite appro-
priations might, with great propriety, be revised
with a view of ascertaining whether justice to the
country, as well as economy, does not require the
repeal of some of them: or at least a«Jimitation of the
time for winch they shall remain, or of that in which
applications shall be made and the proofs completed.
The expenses charged upon the judiciary fund call
for examination and leguldtion, cind will be the sub-
ject of a special report.
Secondly, it becomes the duty of the undersigned
to examine the remaining question presented—
whether any, and what, provisions can be made to
meet the contemplated deficiencies, or such portion
of them as may exist after the reductions which
Congress may direct. The alternatives which sug-
gest themselves are, direct taxation, an augmenta-
tion of the proceeds of the sales of public lands, the
increase of existing duties on imports, and the im-
position ofdut:es uj o,i articles now free.
It is pixsumt-d that direct taxation of real or
personal property would not be attempted until all
other resources havo faded. The undersigned has,
thor<f,>r<\ nothing to on this subject.
It is not believed t!>>i -oy r> ithfication of the land
laws can be mode by wiii'-h any permanent increase
of revenue from the public domain can be se-
cured. Some temporary accession might be obtain-
ed by reducing the price of land offered for sale; but
it would be with the hazard, if not certainty, of de-
stroying a rich fountain, whose regular fmd steady
stream is kept up by maintaining a moderate price
adapted to the eiicainf unices of our feHow-uu^ns,
and yet not inviting speculative investments. Our
ultimate resource, then, must n0 the duties on mi-
ports. And when it is considered how large a por-
tion of the expenditures of the Government is
caused by our Jiffht-houses, by our foreign inter-
course. ^y our navy, and other means to protect and
extend our commerce with foreign nations; and with
how much more equality and equity a tax upon the
importation of foreign merclia-uhse operates upon
all classes than any other mode of raising revenue,
with how much more ease it is collected, anil how
it entirely avoids all collision with the State sove-
reignties respecting the subjects of taxation, this
mode of supplying the wants of the Go-> eminent
will commend itself to favorable convaieraium.
Sufficient information has not yet been obtained
respecting the practical operation of the act of *2fith
August, 164t3, establishing the existing rates of du-
ties on foreign importations, to authorize an accu-
rate opinion of the probable results of us different
provisions. The comrnei eial statistical statement
required by law, embracing the returns from the
30th of September, 1842, to the 30th June, 1S43, is
in course of preparation by all the force that can be
applied to it, and it is hoped will be laid before the
two Houses of Congress m the course of the ensu-
ing month. As it will embrace the first nine months
daring which the present tariff has been in opera-
tion, it will probably contain the desired informa-
tion But the undersigned feels bound to say, that,
from the examination of reports he has caused to ba
made from the principal ports, and from a general
view of our commerce, after the best consideration
which he could give to the subject, he has not been?
able to discover any of the existing duties which;
can be increased with any reasonable prospect of
augmenting the revenue. The danger from this
source is, that articles upon which high duties are
levied will either be clandestinely introduced, or
not imported at all. It is believed that, to the great
vigilance which has prevailed duiing the past sea-
son along the coast and on our extended inland
frontier, it is mainly owing that the fraudulent im-
portations which had been anticipated by some
have been prevented. The temptation, however,
should not be carried so far that success in one en-
terprise will remunerate for the losses in several
failures.
On the other hand, looking at the subject exclu-
sively in its bearings upon the revenue, the under
signed is not prepared to specifyany very important
rates of duty that will bear reduction, unless the de
ficicncy be supplied by duties upon other articles]
Those levied on glass, particular kinds of iron, coal,
and sugar, are considered by many too high for rev-*,
enue purposes. Should the statistical information
before referred to exhibit such a result in respect to
these or any other articles, they will doubtless arrest
the attention of Congress.
Assuming (what will probably be found to be the
case) that no essential improvement of the revenue is
likely to be effected, at least for the present, by an
increase of the duties already existing,or by a reduc-
tion of them, it becomes necessary to inquire whether
any articles now free of duty can, with propriety,
bo subjected to a moderate impost, and whether there
are any other means of providing for the anticipated
deficiency.
The articles, now free of duty, which present
themselves most prominently as subjects of impost*
aieteas and coffee. In the last annual report from,
this department, this source of revenue was indi-
cated. The necessity of resorting to it is as apparent,
and more urgent now than it was then. The opin-
ions of importers of these articles, of merchants and
officers of the customs in various parts of the United
States, as communicated to this department in pur-
suance of its request, are unanimously and decided-
ly m favor of such duties, as "more equafand less
burdensome than any other mode by which tha
same amount could be collected." From the organ-
ization of the Government to the year 1832, duties
were laid upon these articles. In that year they
were repealed, in pursuance of the recommendation,
of th^ President—which was made, as he stated, in
cons-nupnce of the national debt being extinguished,
ami the levenue being abundant for the public ser-
vice. The reason for that policy having ceased,
and additional revenue being indispensable for the
most economical administration of the Government,
it ennno! be doubted that our fellow-citizens will acr
qutcsce in the necessity which requires such an im-
post as cheerfully os in any other burdens which
iliev arc called to bear, for the security and protecS
lion of themselves, their property, their rights, and,
liberties.
Notwithstanding the opinions of some. I cannot
doubt that the price of these articles would be en-
hanced to the consumer, to some extent, by the im-
position of duties. Out v may be questioned
whether this effect would not be temporary. Coffee
is raised in various countries, and the amount pro-
duced has increased, of late years, rapidly, Should
the competition between those countries be or bt-
come so active as to enable us to choose the couvce«
of supply, the duty may fall upon the producer
In rer,pect'to teas, 'the opening of the China trade,
and the exchange for them of our coarse cotton
fabrics, instead of specie, as heretofore, will enable,
us to obtain larger supplies, and at eh< ape; rate*.
But, whatever may be the increase of price to llui
consumer, and whether it be permanent or tempo-
rary, it would be fairly dirti dm ted among the whoh*
community, tor nearly all are consumers; and. by a,
proper adjustment of the rates, it would fall chiefly
upon those w ho used teas of the mosf expensive
kind. Henec a qoeafic duty, in reference to cost,
would be mc-f.t advisable.
In order to exclude a spurious article which has?
sometimes forced its way among us, it woukibe ex-
pedient to fix a minimum value at sixteen or twenty
