APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 1843.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Senate and H. of.Reps.
cents per pound. A duty of live cents per pound on
all teas costing twenty-five cents or under, of seven
cents upon those costing from twenty-five to thirty-
five cents, and thus advancing the duty according to
the cost, would afford the most certain and practica-
ble mode of collection, while it would he the least
burdensome. "With respect to coffee, it is repre-
sented that the difference in value between the va-
rious descriptions in use among us is not such as to
render an ad valorem duty necessary or expedient. A
moderate specific duty of two cents per pound, when
brought from the country of its growth, in Asia,
Africa, or America, and three cents pgr pound when
imported from Euiope, it is believed would be fair
and moderate. Such a duty may be estimated to
produce at least two million five hundred thousand
dollars. Fromadrty on teas, graduated as above
suggested, we may expect to realize about one mil-
lion five hundred thousand dollars. Much, howev-
er, will depend upon the terms of our trade witli
China. It cannot be supposed that duties to the
amount of four millions, distributed among nearly
eighteen millions of persons, would be seriously felt
by any, even assuming that the consumers would
exclusively bear the burden, and that it would not be
divided between them and the producers.
Among the means of improving the revenue, (lie
duties on tonnage and light-money, heretofore 'col-
lected, have received consideration. In 1831 these
duties were repealed, except as to the vessels of
those countries that impose duties on goods and ton-
nage, discriminating between their own vessels and
ours. In respect to those nations, counter discrimi-
nating duties on our part still remain. They vary
in amount; but their annual produce, on an average
of the last twelve years, is about sixty thousand dol-
lars, although for the last year it was less than thirty
thousand dollars. It is respectfully submitted wheth-
er it would not be expedient to direct that, this duty,
as collected, should be applied to the relief of sick
and disabled seamen, in aid of the hospital fund?
Although this amount would not furnish an adequate,
provision for this meritorious class of citizens, yet
in connexion with other provisions hereinafter sug-
gested, it would, to a great extent, relieve Congress
from the appropriations ordinarily made to supply
the deficiency in that fund. The'advantage of such
an arrangement would be to avoid the distressm?-
contingency of an inability to meet the cases of sufl
fering that occur after the fund is exhausted anil pre-
vious to an appropriation.
Considering the disadvantages under which our
navigation now suffers from \annus causes, the un-
dersigned is not disposed to recommend the restora-
tion of the general tonnage duty. But it is deemed
• worthy of consideration whether the vessels enjoy-
ing the benefits of our very expensive light-house
establishment ought riot in justice to contribute to its
maintenance' Ihe light duty was repealed at the
same time with the. general tonnage duty, ami it is
believed for the same reason---lie abundance of
revenue then existing. That reason has ceased to
exist. Our revenue is not adequate to the ordinary
expenses of the Government. A duty of six cent's
per ton upon all vessels engaged in the foreuni trade
to be paid upon each entry into our ports~ evoent
that Slot more than one duty shall be required for
any one month, and a like duty annually upon ves-
sels engaged in tlw coasting trade and feheriw.,
would produce, on the present tonnage, about two
hundred and thirty thousand dollars-'iess than one-
half of the average annual expense ot'ihe light-hon'v"...
The annual duty would lie so h;;ht as scarcely to be
felt; and if other suggestions contained in this report^
by winch the interests of our navigation may be
promoted, should receive tin,ruble 'consideration
they will be more than remunerated for the amount
of duty now pro posed.
It is worthy ol consideratii.n, whether the revenue
might not be improved, and ihe navigation of the
country augmented, b\ the imposition of a transit
duty upon imported merchant,-.o on its passage from
one of oui poi's to the dominions of a foreio-o c,tate
immediately adjoining the United States, "fey the
existing law, no drawback whatever is allowed m
such cases, except to foreign places to the southward
or westward of Louisiana. The facility afforded by
the improvements ot our interior communications
and by the application of steam for the rapid and
safe transmission of goods irom our own seaports to
the British dominions, together with the early clo-
sing of the ports of the latter by ice, and the late pe-
riods at which they open, would ordinarily induce a
preference to that mode of supply, and at particular
pE&s^jis wouid be so advantageous 1i our own cit -
zens as to secure a very large pm-tion of this carry-
ing trade, besides giving additional employment to
our ships. The policy which has in effect prohibit-
ed this trade, doubtless arose from the apprehension
that it might afford opportunities for the illicit rein-
troduction into this country of the goods thus ex-
ported. It was adopted at a time when the whole
amount of duties collected on merchandise, with a
deduction of one per cent., was refunded on its re-
exportation.
It is submitted whether the introduction of the
just and judicious principle of retaining a much
larger per centage of the amount of drawback and
the imposition of duties in the colonial ports, have
not changed to a great extent the ground of this
policy. It is not perceived what motive of inter-
est can exist to smuggle into this country goods
which have paid this transit charge and these duties,
rather than the merchandise, which, under existing
laws, may be re-exported to Halifax, and carried
from thence into the same dominions. Whatever
appiehcnsions may exist on this point, it is not
doubted that they may be removed by adequate
guards. Among these may be suggested the desig-
nation of the ports from which only the re-exporta-
tion might be permitted, and the production of
official evidence that the same goods had been
received, entered, and paid duties in the adjacent
British dominions to which they were re-exported.
It cannot lie doubted that such a measure would
tend greatly to the increase of our tonnage, and re-
store to our own ships a trade of which our policy
has, to n great extent, deprived them.
In the last annual report from this department the
attention of Congress was invited to the warehouse
system, and various communications from custom-
house officers and intelligent merchants were sub-
mitted. It is certainly worthy of inquiry, whether
the time during which imported goods are permitted
to remain til tllh charge, of castom-house officers
may not lie extended so as to relieve the imnorteis
from the advance of the duties which they are now
obliged to make befoie the amount is realized by
sales of Ihe (roods. The frequency of the commu-
nications between our shores and those of Great
Britain, and their surprising regularity, have
doubtless mitigated the burden of tlieso ad~
vances upon our own citizens; as the, goods
to be imported from that country are, in effect,
warehoused there, and ore shipped accordm? to the
supposed demands of the market. But it may be
well to inquire whether tins miti°;ationis not, in'fact,
destructive of that portion of the importing business
of our own citizens upon whom it operates, bv
transferrins it to those upon whom the burden falls
liyhtly, if at all. Possessing large capitals, and abie
to command money at much lower rates of interest
than our own citizens, British merchants can better
afford to keep large stocks on hand, or to advance
the duties upon such as they send to us. The same
advantages m their favor exist also in respect to
merchandise imported from the continent and other
parts of the world. In the absence of regular and
speedy communications, the stocks of this descrip-
tion must he ordinarily large, and the advance of du-
ties upon them most absorb capital and cause a very
serious imoad upon the profits of business. Itisrep-
i-seated that the importing trade is now chiefly in
the hands of the agents of foreign houses. Indepen-
dent ot other considerations which will sugeest
themselves, the consequences to our navigation,'' to
the bmilling of ships, and to the employment of our
own seamen, of giving to subjects of other countries
the selection of the means of "conducting commerce
with us, mar bo very serious. And°it will not
escape intelligent leffislators to inquire how far it is
mtiniSicculv jusi to deiiicuid of one class of ourciti-
zc-ns the aiuuice in the Covcvnment of a portion of
tin ir capiial, whuc it is not required from any other
class. The importers are, in fact, the. collectors of the
duties for ihe Crot eminent, and it would seem that
very cogent reasons of public policy should exist to
compel the in to pay over before they had collected.
The general opinion to be derived from the corres-
pondence communicated to Congress in the report
before mentioned is, that the revenue from customs
would be augmented after the first year by the ware-
house system, m consctjuence of the greater facility
that would be given to importations, and of a fair
and increased competition, and consequently a prob-
able reduction in prices; that fluctuations in the
amount of imports would be prevented, and that our
commercial marine would be increased by rendering
this country the entrepot for merchandise destined to
other markets. In these views I am inclined to re-
pose great confidence. The better opinion would
seem to be, however, that the system of warehousing
should be restricted to prominent articles of consider-
able bulk and paying high specific duties—such as
wines, liquors, sugar, molasses, iron, &c. Doubt-
less, the effect would be to postpone the collection of
that portion of the duties which would accrue on the
warehoused articles. This temporary effect must lie
met whenever the system shall be adopted; and it
may as well be encountered now as at any other
time. If the consequence would be, as anticipated,
an augmentation of the revenue, it could not well
happen too soon. The temporary deficit which
might, be created, could b® provided for by an exten-
sion of the authority to borrow.
The loan of seven millions, which has been pre-
viously mentioned, was effected in pursuance of the
act of March 3d, 1843. By that act, two modes of
providing for the amount of treasury notes then out-
standing were authorized—one by a re-issue of
notes; the other by a loan on a stock for not more
than ten years. The notes outstanding at the pas-
sage of the act amounted to $ll,G5fr,387 45; of
which more than eight millions fell due before the
1st of July, 1843, and the residue in the ensuing
months. The, hazard of a demand for money being
created by any sudden revulsion, which might be
produced by contingencies in other countries, or by
causes over which we had no control, seemed to re-
quire that an amount equal to two-thirds of our an-
nual revenue should not be left in a condition to be
thrown upon the treasury, and thus absorb the
means of carrying on the Government. Nothing
appeared to justify the belief that there would be
such an extraordinary increase in our revenue for
years to come as would be necessary to meet such
a demand. It was therefore, deemed advisable to
put beyond the reach of accident such a portion of
tins large outstanding debt as would relieve the de-
partment from any apprehension of inconvenience
or danger from the residue. The great plenty of
money, which might be temporary, also invited to
such a course, as at all events saving a considerable
amount of interest. The state of things actually
existing as contemplated by the third section of the
act referred to, a loan was accordingly made under
the direction of the President of the United States of
seven millions of dollars, upon a ten years' stock,
bearing an interest of fne per cent, per annum, pay-
able semi-annually, at the rate of one hundred and
one dollars and one cent for every hundred dollars of
stock, for nearly the whole; a small portion having
been taken on terms still more favorable. The per-
sons to whom, and the terms on which, the stock was
awarded, and the names and proposals of those
whose offers were not accepted, are given in a state-
ment accompanying this report.
By the funds thus provided, treasury notes, bear-
ing six per cent, interest, to the amount" of seven mil-
lions, have been redeemed. There then remained of
the outstanding notes $4,636,387 45. These notes
also bore an interest of six per cent., which was
considerably above the value of money. It seemed
a very obvious duty to exercise the authority piven
by the first section of the act of 1843 of issuing
Other notes, in such form and oil such terms as
would promote the convenience of the treasury and
avoid the dangers and expense of remitting coin to
the public agents for disbursement, and at the same
time save to the, country the greatest amount of in-
terest. The certain prospect of the condition of ihe
treasury, winch has been exhibited m this report,
admonished to this course, independent of all other
considerations. Notwithstanding all interest had
ceased upon more than two millions of the outstand-
ing ticasury notes, in consequence of the notice
given of a readiness to redeem the whole amount, yet
it was perceived that they were not presented for re-
aomption, but wore retained by the people for the pur-
pose of muntance in the transaction of their business,
ilns fact indicated that the whole amount could
probably be. re-issued, as the outstanding notes
should be redeemed, m others of a low denomina-
tion, without any, or at a nominal interest; and that
they would be received with avidity by the public
creditors, if made convertible into coin on demand.
In tins slate of things, and for these mianna, it was
determined, with the sanction of the President, to is-
sue notes of the denomination of fifty dollais) with
interest at the rate of one mill per annum upon one
hundred dollars, and to exercise the authority given
by the 8th section of the act of 1837, by purchasing
these notes at par, whenever presented for that pur-
depositories of the treasury in the city
pf New \ ork, where two-thirds of our revenue and
