10
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 1843.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate and H. of Reps.
treasury accompanies this report. The terms on
which they are employed are the same as those set-
tled in 1833, and promulgated in the circular of the
Secretary of the Treasury of the 9th day of October,
in that year. A few of them merely receive the
public moneys in special depositc. It is but an act
of justice to say that tljey have faithfully fulfilled all
their engagements, have transferred the funds as re-
quired without expense to the Government, and
have promptly met all drafts upon them.
I am unwilling to omit the opportunity of inviting
the attention of Congress to the multitude and fre-
quency of oaths prescribed in our system of collect-
ing the revenue. A custom-house oath has become
a by-word to describe an unmeaning ceremony; and
it is doubted whether it is felt as imposing an obli-
gation ecjual to that of a simple affirmation. It is
not perceived why the same penalties may not be
inflicted for the wilful falsehood of a declaration in
writing, which might be substituted in most cases for
the irreverent invocation of the Supreme Being. A
bare allusion to the subject, it is hoped, will be suf-
ficent to induce that consideration of it to which it
may be entitled. Respectfully,
JOHN C. SPENCER,
Secretary of the Treasury.
To the Hon. Willie P. Mangum,
President of the Senate.
DOCUMENTS ACCOMPANYING THE PRESIDENT'S
MESSAGE.
REPORT OP THE SECRETARY OP WAR.
War Department, Nov. 30, 1843.
Sir: I beg leave to submit the annual report of
the Department of War.
The accompanying documents (marked respec-
tively from 1 to 10, inclusive) contain the detailed
statements furnished by the commanding Major
General and the several bureaus of the Department
of War, of the business under their respective and
immediate charge, and then- views m relation to the
same.
The regular army consists of 71(i commissioned
officers, 17 military storekeepers, and 7,.WO enlisted
men, (non-commissioned officers, artificers, musi-
cians, and privates, of dragoons, artillery, infantiy,
and riflemen,) 40 sergeants, and 350 enlisted men,
of ordnance—making an aggregate ol' 8,013, organ-
ized as follows:
General and Staff Officers—One Major General,
two Brigadier Generals, one Adjutant 'General, six
Assistant Adjutants General, two Inspectors Gene-
ral, one Quartermaster General, two Deputy Quar-
termasters General, four Ciuai termasti rs, and twi n-
ty-eight Assistant (-Uiartcrinasters, one Commn.-M-
ry General, one Assistant Commissary General, and
six Commissaries of Subsistence.
Medical DeiiartmcM.—One ,Surgeon Ciencial, twen-
ty Surgeons, and fill/ Assistant Snnieons.
Pay Department.—One Paymaster General and
fifteen Paymasters.
Co.ys of E ginen-°.—One Colonel. Iwo Lieuten-
ant Colonels, four Majors, twelve Captains, iwelve
Pirst Lieutenants, and hf'een Second Lieutenants.
Corps if Topographical Engineers.—One Colonel,
one Lieulenant Colonel, four Majors, ten Captains,
ten First Lieutenants, and twelve Second Lieuten-
ants.
Ordnance Carp-,.—One Colour, one Lieutenant
Colonel, four Majors, ten Captains, six Fust Lieu-
tenants, and eleven Sccond Lici'tcm-..its.
One ftip.itiicnl if Dragoons, containing ten com-
panies of fifty privates each: Fo,ir i-jgiments of v/r-
tdtenj, each containing ten companies of forty-two
privates each: Eight Heglmenls ef hf-.nb y, each con-
taining ten companies of forty-'.vo pmates: One
Regiment of Riflemen, of ten companies of fifty pi i-
vatcs each.
The. present actual force of the army, according
to the latest returns, is 7,844, being an excess over
the legal establishment of S54 e-.hsted men. ft is
estimated that this excess will disappeai by tin: end
of the year.
The United States are divided nito nine military
departments, commanded each by a General Officer
or Colonel.
The 1st M litary Department, commanded by
Brevet Brigadier General Arbuckle, embraces West
Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Ten-
nessee, and Kentucky; head quaiters, New Orleans.
It contains seven garrisoned posts, viz: Fort Pick-
ens, near Pensacola, 116 officers and men; Fort
Morgan, Mobile Bay, 106; Fort. Pike, Petite
Coquille, 52; Fort Wood, near New Orleans, 63;
New Orleans Barracks, 110; Baton Rouge Barracks,
103; Fort Jesup, Louisiana, 418: aggregate, 968.
The 2d Military Department, commanded by
Brevet Brigadier General Taylor, embraces the
country west of the Mississippi, north of Louisiana
and Texas, and south of the 37th degree of north
latitude; head quarters. Fort Smith. It contains
four garrisoned posts, viz: Fort Smith 110 officers
and men; Fort Gibson 388; Fort Towson 251; Fort
Washita 965: aggregate 1,014.
The 3d Military Department, commanded by Bre-
vet Major General Games, (temporal ily by Colonel
Kearney, Dragoons,) embraces the State of Missou-
ri, (above the 37th degree of north latitude,) Illi-
nois, Iowa, that part of Wisconsin Territory west
of the 13th degree of longitude west of Washing-
ton, and the Indian country north and west of the
lines indicated. It contains seven garrisoned posts,
viz: Fort Scott, on the Marmiton, near the south-
west boundary of Missouri, 195 officers and men;
Fort Leavenworth, three hundred miles above St.
Louis, 381 officers and men; Jefferson Barracks,
near St. Louis, 956; Fort Des Moines, on the river
of that name, 107; Port Atkinson, on Turkey river,
Iowa, west of Prairie du Chien, 102; Fort Craw-
ford, Prairie du Chien, 201; Fort Snelling, Falls of
St. Anthony, 195: aggregate 2,137.
The 4th Military Department, commanded by Bre-
vet Brigadier General Brady; headquarters, at Detroit,
embraces the States of Indiana, Ohio, and Michigan;
the part of Wisconsin Territory not included in the
3d department, and the Indian country north. It
contains five garrisoned posts, viz: Fort Winnebago,
Wisconsin Territory, at the portage, 57 officers and
men; Fort Brady, Sault de St. Marie, 74; Fort
Mackinac, 135; Fort Gratiot, Michigan, 112; De-
troit Barracks, 312: aggregate 690.
The 5th Military Department, commanded by Brig-
adier General Wool, head quarters at Troy, em-
braces the States of Pennsylvania, New York, Ver-
mont, New Jersey, Connecticut, and Rhode Island.
[t contains 12 garrisoned posts, viz- Buffalo Bar-
racks, 231 officers and nirn; Fort Niagara, near
Yoimgstown, 53; Fort Ontario, near Oswego, fi]:
Madison Barracks, ncai Saekett's Harbor, 162; Piatts-
Imrg Barracks, 80; Fort Adams, near Newport,
202; Foit Tiumbull, near New London, 60; Fort
Columbus, 357; Forts Lafayette 62, and Hamilton
129, m New York harbor; Fort MifHm, near Phila-
delphia, 70; Cailisle Barracks, 67: aggregate 1,534.
The Cih Militurij Department, commanded by Col.
Crane, 1st Artillery, headquarters at Portsmouth,
New Hampshire, embraces the States of Massa-
chusetts, [New Hampshire, and Maine. It contains
four g.iii'i.v.Mied posts, viz: IJaneock Barrack-, at
ilonilon, M.une, d72 officers and men; Fort Sulli-
van, Hastport, 62; Fort I'reble, near Portland, 69;
Fort Constitution, near Portsmouth, 65: a^e-rceate
468. °= &
The 7th Military Department, commanded by Col.
Waloach, 4th Artillery, heauquariers Fort Monroe,
V irginia, embraces the States of Delaware, Mary-
land, and \ irginia. It contains three garrisoned
posts, vi\. i>rt Mi'Iienry, near Baltimore, 123 of-
ficers and hoi; Fort Severn, Annapolis, 58; and
Fort Monroe, Virginia, 420: aggregate, 601.
The Mb j'Ut'Uiry Pepaitmsnl, commanded by Bre-
ver ijrigncfter General Armistead, headquarters Fort
Mot'lii ie, Cnai :< ston harbor, embtacts the States of
i^oit'i Caroh'n:, South Carr.lmo, and Georgia. It
contains tivc gc.r.'isoned posts, viz: Fort Johnston,
Sinithviile, north Carolma, 64 officers and men;
i<'oit Macon, r-er Beaufort, North Carolina, 65;
Fort Moultrie, Charleston harbor. 226; station near
Augusta Aisewd, Gemgia, 56; Oglethorpe Barracks,
Savannah, Georgia, 107: aggregate, 518.
The Ov'/i Miijtanj Department, commanded by Bre-
vet Brigadier General Worth, headquarters St. Au-
gustine, embraces East and Middle Florida. It con-
tains three garrisoned posts, t tz: Fort Marion, ar.
St. Augi'stnie, 251 officers Lmd m^ii, Key Wist,'95;
Fort Brooke, Tampa Bay, 277: aggregate, 623.
Major General Scott has the immediate, command
of the army. His headquarters, for the, convenience
of com 11 nun cation with the department, are at Wash-
ington. '
fhe JlJjotant General is stationed at head-quar-
ters. He is charged with the duty of issuing and
disseminating general orders from the President, the
Department of War, and Commanding General, af-
fecting the army proper, and the various departments
into which it is distributed. He has also charge of
the records and military correspondence of the army,
and the superintendence of the recruiting service.
The Quartermaster General has charge of the Quar-
termaster's department of the army, which embraces
quarters, transportation, clothing, &c. The latter
item has been added to his duties by the act of 23d
August, 1842, which abolished the office of Com-
missary General of Purchases.
The'Commiismy General of Subsistence has charge
of the subsistence of the entire army, and the super-
vision and preparation for settlement of all accounts
connected therewith.
The Paymaster General has, as the title of his of-
fice would indicate, the charge of paying the troops,
and the supervision and preliminary settlement of
the accounts of the paymasters of the army.
The Surgeon General has charge of the medical
department of the army, including hospitals, hospi-
tal stores, medicines, and the surgeons and assistant
surgeons of the army.
The Engineer Bureau, in charge of the colonel of
that corps, has the care and supervision of the erec-
tion and repair of fortifications, and the Military
Academy.
The Topographical Bureau, under charge of the
colonel of that corps, has charge of all the military
and civil surveys under the department, military re-
connoissanees, the construction of all civil works,
roads, and harbor improvements.
The Ordnance Bureau has charge of that branch of
the service relating to arms, equipments, and muni-
tions of war. To ft has also been confided the charge
of our mineral lands.
The Pension Bureau is in charge of the Commis-
sioner of Pensions; who, under the direction of the
Secretary of War, executes the duties of examining
and deciding on claims for pensions under the seve-
ral acts of Congress granting allowances to officers
and soldiers of the revolutionary war, and then-
widows, as well as to invalids, rendered so in the
military service of the United States.
The Commissioner of Indian Jiffavrs has, as the
title indicates, charge of the multifarious relations
subsisting between the United States and the vari-
ous Indian tribes.
_ By the act of the 23d of August, 1842, very con-
siderable reductions were made in the army. The
reductions provided for by that act are being carried
ml' according to its provisions; and the expiration
of the terms of enlistments, discharges, and deaths
will soon reduce the army below the number au-
thorized by law, so as to require enlistments of re-
cruits to keep up the number. That law abolished
the office of one inspector general, three paymasters,
two surgeons, and two assistant surgeons; and di-
rected that number of paymasters, surgeons, and
assistant surgeons, to be "discharged within one
month after its passage; but gave no such directions
as to the discharge of one inspector general, and
consequently both arc yet retained in service; and
the appropriation act? for the last and present years
provided-means for the payment of the compensa-
tion allowed by law. It is respectfully recommend-
ed that so much of the 4th section of the act of 23d
August, 1842, entitled "An act respecting the or-
ganization of the army, and for other purposes," as
abolishes the office of one inspector general, be re-
pealed. The services of the two valuable and ex-
perienced officers filling those stations are deemed
essential to the wellbeing of the army.
The first section of the same act converted the 2d
regiment of dragoons, after the 4th of March last,
into a regiment of riflemen. Th" regiment lias ac-
cordingly been dismounted, and fie horses ■sold. It
is r-espeeifioly lecommenried that th.s provision of
thit law be repealed, and flic said regiment be re-
mounted,..^! continued as ihe 2d regiment of dra-
goons. 'T.iis can be eftectcd at a v cryJmoderate ex-
pense— an advance of perhaps twenty per cent, on
fne amount for wincn the old nor^s were sold will
furnish them witn new and hotter horses. Their
umform has not been changed, in consequence of
ihe quantity oi drigoon < loth ing on hand, and a hope
that fhe result now recommenJed might be consum-
mated. The extended fn nticr on our rut ire west is
subject to Indian incursions. Many of the tribes
are mounted, a.od it is impossible either to overtake
them, to pre,feci the inhab.tants, or repress the ma
rauding ot the savages, by tire small body of mount-
ed sohhers which would be stationed on that fron
tier or in the Indian country, or brought to act
against them. Ce enty of movement is required,
and js of the utmost importance to the security of
our citiiens. This can, it iq believed, alone be cortj
