Dec. 1843.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
it
28th Cokg.. ..1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate and H. of Rep#.
pletely effected by dragoons, and the single regimpnt
in service is not sufficient for the purpose.
Borne further prousmn is behoved to be necessary
effectually to pre\ent duelling between officers of the
army and citizens—many of the officer ■ who consti-
tute the military courts holding; that the provisions
of the 25th, 2fith, and 27th sections of the Rules and
ArtHer, of War ho\c i elation only to officers of the
army in disputes among themselves. The propriety
of this construction is at least doubtful, but explicit
legislation on the subject would put the matter be-
yond all doubt. The practice is a barbarous one,
and should be suppressed m a civilized and Christian
country. To the credit of the army, it must be
said that it has been almost, if not entirely, abolished
among the officers; and then* gentlemanly and deco-
rous conduct towards each other has prevented dis-
putes and trials for alleged offences m an almost un-
precedented degree.
The officers and men have been kept m a constant
state of employment, and there have been but few
removals of troops from one post to another. The
state of our relations with Great Britain has enabled
the Commanding General to withdraw from Foits
Fairfield and Kent, on the Northeastern frontier,
the troops there stationed. Their positions were
such as to render subsistence very expensive; and
to have kept them there, would have involved the
cost of cutthig a military road to those posts, from
Houhon, at an enormous choree, and without any
adequate or corresponding benefit. This movement
led to the change of some other troops stationed m
the Eastern Suites, so as to bring the 2d regiment
of artillery more immediately under the command
of its own colonel. Several companies have been
remo"\ed from Florida to other posts, theie being no
apprehension of any danger in that regio'n from In-
dians. the number of warriors remaining being now
reduced to less than one hundred, and they evincing
no hostile disposition.
The estimates for the nrmy proper for the ensuing
year, it will be perceived, fall s90 G18 10 short
of those of the last year, although it embraces
£27,364 70 for the expenses of recruiting, which
was not required last year in consequence of
the reduction of the army, one! y>,420 for the three
months" pay allowed to (he men win se term of f.s r-
vice will expire dunng the current year and who
may re-enhsr.
To the maay \aluab!e .Higge.srioi.s contained in
the leport of the Commanding General, attention is
invited. Frc>m his known ability and c-xpericnce,
they ate entitled to the highest respect. The state-
ments from the office of ihe Adjutant General, ac-
companying that report, give in minute detail the
state and condition of the whole army, arranged
with system and order.
The" Quartermaster's Department is to be classed
as a part, and a most essential part, of the army
proper. The report of the major general in charge
of this branch of the service contains his views m
relation thereto. To his suggestions, as those of
knowledge and expciiencc, i respectfully ask at-
tention; "and especially to so much as relates
to the importance of the officers of the line be-
ing detailed in order, for the staff duties of that
department—thus making them more proficient in
both branches of service, to the propriety of erect-
ing barracks and defences at Forts Gibson and
Brady; and also to the necessity of furnishing other
btiildmgs than case motes ibr the quaxNrs oi the
men, as well as fur hospitals in the regular fortifi-
cations winch have leen ere-ted. r] ins is a me<is-
ure essentially rtqinsne tor the comfort and health
of the troops, and foi which appiopmtions wdi Le
necessary.
If the present regulation in regard to traveling
expenses is found to work oppiessnvelj', u can be
changed or modified by the Secretary of War with-
out further legislation. It was adopted by my pre-
decessor, to correct what was believ ed to be an abuse
of the former sypfem.
The Quartermaster General's Department is effi-
ciently i>r£nm7. ,d and taithfullv odinoofferee!. Its-
importance is manifWt lt) all military men, and J
think it cannot be diminished vv uimut essential in-
jury to ihe nu-i'-w o<" the ser\tco. in regard to
~ ' e a m-,\ i'- Liny
:!e.
tlio ••tn!T
souwi ru
nnnu 5 r of t>oops
the country o\vi w
our .n.-tV nm A I'l"'1
disj r<-poi uonat" <0
than thai of uav
\ly Hi tiiii
.mtiuu on tnt'
 id down as a
emulated by the
y tb" extent of
• i\u>di. Hence,
be more
"K ps m service
lo
The business" of the Subsistence Department has
been performed with great accuracy and method.
The Uoops have been well and regularly supplied at
reduced cost, and the accounts, as" the Commissary
General truly states, have been promptly rendered.
The report of the Paymaster General exhibits the
slate of that department in a very satisfactory man-
ner; and shows that its head lias kept up a strict sys-
tem of accountability, and caused the troops to be paid
w ith as much promptness as their scattered positions
would admit.
The report of the Surgeon General exhibits a
gratifying evidence of the fidelity with which the
ninlha] branch of the military service ho*s been ad-
ministered; and shows that, by the observance of a
strict system of economy, compatible with the care
and attention due to the sick and infirm, a consider-
able reduction has been made in the average cost of
medical supplies per man.
With this report are submitted the meteoro-
logical reports from the various military posts, and
the report of Piofbssor Espy m relation to the ob-
servations as to the progiess and course of storms,
&c., taken at the same and other places. These
furnish numerous important as well as curious facts
in those branches of science, which, when tested by
further observations, may lay the foundation for
definite knowledge on subjects heretofore little stud-
ied and understood.
The observations of the Surgeon General, in rela-
tion to the use of casemates for charters and hospi-
tals at permanent fortifications, (which subject is
also adverted to m the Quartermaster General's re-
port,) are respectfully submitted, as showing the ex-
istence of an evil which sound policy, as well as hu-
manity, requites to be remedied.
The report from the Engine< r Bureau give-*, in
detail, a statement of the operations of that °orps,as
well 111 relation to the fortifications which are di-
rectly within its province, n* to th^M'Unry Academy^
which, by act of Congress, is placed under it* im-
mediate cfire. The business of th:s department, m
the constn ' 'ton of formications authored by law,
I. ,s prog/' -scd with spirit imd s Oh-imcy: and the
utmo'-t attention hos ! eo.i gneu to the work, rv. we.S
by the eoinrnanuant who bes supervised rn<l (''icct-
ed the whole, as l>y th' r"< vraL ofrcers m charge
or" the respective works. Thi, r* ui'u:if( ned by
tbe progress ta corn" lei 1 m of many of tlvin, and
the progress towards it in others withm the past
year.
The report of th^ deportment cannot well be con-
densed, or referred to m detail, but i* recommended
to attention, as containing a very full and interesting
account of the state and condition of our works of
defence, the necessary repairs to be made m existing
works, and of the appropriations deemed necessary
thereto. It also contains recommendations for the
Staten
com-
.t Rol-
lers Poim, in Maryland: on the coast of Georgia;
between Mobile Bay and the Ri^olot?; on the ap-
proaches to Kew Orleans, described m the report:
the closing of Hog Island ehanneh Charleston har-
bor, South Carolina; the continuation of the Cum-
berland n ad through Ohio, Indiana, a) J ilhneis;
and the payment of the sum of *,1.353 8L incurred
in making a survev lor tl e. conn ivation of that road
to Jefferson city, "Missouri, under a resolution of
the Senate of Tannery 30. 1*39: an uhich are respect-
fully recommended toatuni-on.
It is denned prm cr to ad-1, mat ihc c-i-Hrru^uon
of miiuary v.oiks upon ihc Ihy rioitui,a i, h,cy
West, and r.is,ayi'e hi y ^ o: s^ch (^thei p.v" luor-s
u,i or near the extremity of the peninsula of Flor-
ida as, on examination 'uk! sur\ey, shall )e found
ra s' ehg.ble, is derniea of gteat importance, if not
essentially necessary, m our line oi coast Jefences.
The Military Academy at Wcs* Point exhibits con-
tinued evidence of improvement in the course of in-
struction; and the academic board are enceevonng to
keep pace, in their system, with the advances which
schnee is making in ail 1 arts of the world. It con-
tinues annually to graduate a number of youua gen-
tlemen. taught, at the public expense, those branches
of science w Inch ore deemed ecsenual to mniiary
operations. By the act of 3d Mauh ln< Congress
dirccUd tl.at nt> board of ei^itei^ slioi-'d b-c sele/ted,
as had for many years been usual. To enable the
department to "have correct information as to the
discipline, course of studies, and genera^smte and
condition of the institution. 011 the 24th May last I
detailed the following oilicers of tiie aimy to com-
pose a board of inspection of thot institution for the
present year, to wit: Major General Scott, Brevet
Brigadier General Brooke, Colonel Bankhead, Cap*
tarns Mordecai, W. H. Swift, Brewer ton, h. J.
Beall, J. C. Casey, and W. G. Freeman. This
board assembled at West Point, agreeably to in-
structions, on the 5th day of June, and attended
throughout the examination of the classes, and in-
spected the institution thoroughly. The perform-
ance of these duties occupied a period of eighteen
days, during a portion of which the head of-the
War Department attended in person.
Whilst I fully concur in the importance of con-
tinuing the practical instruction in artillery, cavalry,
and infantry operations, I also recommend that the
views of the colonel in charge of the Bureau of
Engineers, in relation to the proposed corps of sap-'
pers and miners, be carried out, for the reasons
which he has so forcibly set forth.
In addition to the estimates for the Military Acad-
emy recommended by the chief of the Corps of
Engineers, 1 would ask that a small sum be added
to the appropriation, to enable the professor of civil
and military engineering to visit and inspect the
more recent and important works of our country
which exhibit the best specimens of dams, locks,
canals, bridges, docks, railroads, inclined planes,
and other important machinery or mechanical im-
provements, m order that they may be fully ex-
plained to the cadets, as matters of instruction and
improvement.
Speaking from personal observation, I must say
that the superintendent and the several professors
and instructors deserve great commendation for the
devotion they exhibit in governing the institution,
and educing the powers of mind of the youth com-
mitted to their charge; and that the general good
conduct of the young gentlemen constituting the
corps of cadets is creditable to them, and exhibits
the best evidence of the high morality required of
then. From every view I can take of the subject,
T1-- !cru c to recommend this institution to favora-
Ice notice, as in an eminent degree calculated to fit
for service those on whom, in emergency, wre must
mainly rely to lead and instruct the troops recjuired
to defend our country, and maintain its honor m the
field. The esiimatcs for this institution for theen-
stuug year, it vill be perceived, are $14,472 50 less
v ' the appropriation of the previous year.
i'liC report of the Chief of the Bureau of Topo-
graphical Engineers is one of great interest to the
conntiy at large, embiaciug as it does such a variety
of subjects, and extending in its operations over the
whole Union. The attention of the officers of this
corps to their duties has been assiduous, and the
Adults show the importance of their labors. Im-
portant and valuable as the general topographical
work has been, the subject of the harbors on our
lakes, and the improvement of our Western rivers,
will no doubt especially command the attention of
the national Legislature, as not only connected with
the scfety of an extensive commerce, but as essen-
tially recepsnrv to naval operations on the lakes in
time of war. Great pains have been taken to as-
certain the value of the trade upon the lakes, which
n exhibited m detail, as far as our imperfect means
nf mformnpon ^ouid furnish the facts. A trade
whie:.. t\\ o rw? ^hiee, was of the value of more
then f ixtv-nve millions of dollars, has been since
rapiJ:v increasing, and is probably now equal in
amo>mt oe.c hundred millions.
The coivim'vee of the Mississippi ond its tributa
lies <>f immense value, and a continuance and ex-
c 'vyMrm now in progress for removing
m "the^ .«tvearns, and improving their
c lie f--r by every consideration of
\ fiA due to the general interests of our
low-Citizen^:. The amount of benefit
conferred 1 y the appropriations already made, is an
earnest of what will he effected by continued, reg-
ular, and systematic efforts.
We have, as die report of the Chief of the Topo*
graphical Bureau states, "ofnearly all our seaports,,
surveys of positions for fortifications,- and of en-
hances by water into our several haibors, which
will furnish, when desired, correct information on
all those subjects." Knowledge, however, to the
same extent, does not exist in regard to the Lakes
and Lake harbors.
The recent extinction of the Indian title to the
southern and western shore of Lake Superior, and
(lie value of those lands for their mineral wealth,
will proba1 fly lead to the peopling of that region
with great rapidity. Sound policy, therefore, dic-
tates that means be promptly taken to make an un-
interrupted navigation from the Lake to Lake Hu-
yqn, This can be effected by the construction < ~
tens: in of th
or siiucoon:*?
th,av;v;^; is
public p bey
Western f.
