14
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 1843-
SSth Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate and H. of Reps.
The cruising ground of this squadron extends
from the mouth of the river Amazon to Cape Horn;
. along the equator, eastward, to the southwestern
boundary of the African station, Cape Negro; thence
• along the coast of Africa, to the Cape of Good Hope.
The Pacific squadron, at the commencement of the
year, consisted of the frigate United States, Captain
James Armstrong; the sloop Cyane, Commander
Stribling; the sloop Yorktown, Commander Nicho-
las; the sloop Dale, Commander Dornin; the schoon-
er Shark, Lieut. Eagle; and the store-ship Relief,
Lieut. Sterett. The whole under the command of
Commodore Thomas Ap C. Jones. On the 24th of
January Commodore Jones was recalled, and Com-
modore A. J. Dallas ordered to succeed him in the
command of the squadron. Commodore Dallas
sailed from Norfolk in the sloop Vandalia for Cha-
gres, and arrived at Callao in the latter part of July.
On the 8th of August he had not met with Commo-
dore Jones, who was absent on a cruise to the Sand-
wich Islands.
The Yoiktown returned home on the 2d of Au-
gust, and the Dale on the 19th of October, having
on board the remains of Commodore A. Claxton,
who died while in command of the squadron. The
places of these vessels have been supplied by the
sloop Levant, Commander H. N. Page, which sail-
ed from Norfolk on the 2d of September; and the
Warren, Commander J. B. Hull, on the 19th of
October. The new frigate Savannah has heen
equipped for sea, and sailed on the 19th of October,
from New York, under the command of Captain A.
Fitzhugh, to join this squadron. When she reaches
the Pacific, the United States will probably re-
turn home. The store-ship Eric, Lieutenant Man-
ning, sailed from Boston on the 9th of February,
with provisions and stores for this squadron. Up-
on her arrival at Rio, Lieutenant Manning was re-
lieved from the command, and Lieutenant N. W.
Duke ordered to succced him. The Erie lias ar-
rived on the station. The vessels of this squadron
have been ordered to return to the United States,
in future, by way of China and the Cape of Good
Hope.
This squadron cruises along the whole west coast
of America, and westward from the meridian of
Cape Ilorn to one hundred and eighty degrees
west longitude, and southward between those me-
ridians.
The East India squadron has been composed of
tliefngate Constellation, Commodore Kearney com-
manding the squadron, and the sloop Boston, Com-
mander J. C. Long; which latter vessel, after visit-
ing the most important ports and islands in the Chi-
na seas and the Pacific, returned home by Cape
Horn m the month of August. The Constellation
left China in the early part of the year, and was at
the Sandwich Islands in August last, to sail in a few
days for the United States, via California and Cape
Horn.
A squadron, under the command of Commodore
Foxhall A. Parker, has been fitted out in the place
of that commanded by Commodore Kearney. The
frigate Brandy wine, bearing the ilag of Commodore
Parker, and the sloop St. Louis, Commander H. H.
Cocke, sailed from Norfolk on I lu: 33d of May.
These vessels arrived at Rio de Janeiro on the 19th
of July, and sailed thence on tfie f>th of August. A
leak was discovered in the bow of the St. Louis,
which obliged her to put back to Rio for repairs; at
which place she arrived on the 7th of September. It
was expected that the vessel would soil again m a
few days. The new brig Perry, which was launch-
ed in May,has been despatched, undo the command
of Commander S. F..Dupont, to join this squadron.
The African squadron is composed of the frigate
Macedonian, "Captain Mayo; the sloop Saratoga,
Commander Tattnall; the sloop Decatur, Com-
mander Abbott; and the brig Porpoise, Lieutenant
Stellwagen; the whole under the command of Com-
modore Matthew C. Perry. The in-ig Cuusoit is
now fitting out at Boston as a s>ore-ship for this
squadron.
The cruising-ground of the .squadron extends
from Madeira and the Canary Islands, to the Bight
ofBiafra; and from the coast of Aiiica to the thiiti-
eth degree of west longitude.
The following vessels have been employed on
special or detached service:
The brig Truxton, Lieutenant Upshur, sailed
from Norfolk in June, last for Constantinople, to
biing home the remains of the late Commodore Da-
vid Porter. She is daily expected 10 arrive in die
(Juited States,
The bng Oregon, Lieutenant (iwv/ Commander)
Powell, which had been employed on a survey of
the Gulf of Mexico, between Apalachicola Bay and
the Mississippi river, under a resolution of Congress
dated the 20th July, 1840, arrived at Norfolk the
27th July last—the season being too faradvanced to
permit a further continuance of operations. The
steamer Poinsett, also engaged on this survey, re-
mained out; and tlie work has been resumed under
Lieut. R. Semmes.
The schooner Flirt, Lieutenant ,T. A. Davis, made
a trip to Chagres in April, with a mail for the
Pacific squadron; returned to Norfolk in July,
and has since been despatched to Galveston, Texas.
The schooner Phosnix, Lieutenant Sinclair, has
also been employed as a despatch vessel, and has re-
cently returned fiom Chagres.
The brig Lawrence, built at Baltimore by con-
tract, has been fitted out, and placed under the com-
mand of Commander W. H. Gardner, and has just
deported from Norfolk, on a cruise to the Wind-
ward Islands.
The sloop Marion, Commander W. M. Arm-
strong, returned from a.cruise m the West In-
dies in May last, and is now ready for sea at Bos-
ton.
The small steamer Engineer has had a new boiler
put in her, and is now used as a tender to the re-
ceiving ship at Norfolk.
The vessels employed as receiving-ships are the
Pennsylvania, Captain 'Zantzinger, at Norfolk; the
Ohio, Captain Hunter, at Boston; the North Caro-
lina, Captain Dulanv, at New York: the Experi-
ment, Commander Varnum, at Philadelphia; and
the On-ka-hy-e, Commander Knight, at Charleston,
S. C. The Ontario, lately used as a receiving-ship
at New Orleans, and the Wave, at Baltimore, have
been laid up, for the present, at Norfolk.
Two war-steameis with submerged propellers
have been launched during1 the year—the Union and
the Princeton. The Union is (.onstmcted upon the
plan of Lieut. Hunter, with submerged horizontal
wheels upon the sides. The trial of this vessel was
considered quite satisfactory to the department.
The boilers, however, having been somewhat faulty,
new ones are to be substituted, when it is not doubt-
ed by the ingenious inventor that a high rate of
speed will be securred. Lieut. Hunter's official re-
ports are apfrtmled, as also the letter of the depart-
ment on a trial of tins vessel.
The Piinccton, with Ei lesson's propellers—a vessel
of most beautiful model, both for appearance and
efficiency, constructed under the. immediate direc-
tion and supervision of Captain R. P. Stockton—has
made n highly successful experimental cruise,
under his command, to and about New York; the
official report of which is hereto appended.
Should these experiments, on further trial, equal
tlie expectations now confidently entertained of them,
a new era will commence m steam navigation, and
particularly in the use of war-stcamcrs. Vessels
that can move at the pleasure of their commanders
against wind or tide, alnl whose machinery is be-
neath the rc.'ii'h of an enemy's fire, will be able
easily to overcome and destroy any war-vessels of
the ordinary structure.
Inqwovements of some magnitude and of much
utility have been made the past year in the navy
yards at Portsmouth, N. H., Char'kstown, and Gos-
port; and others arc proposed m the different yards
the ensuing year; for all the details of which 1 refer
you to the appended report, of the Chief of the
Bureau of Navy Yards and Docks.
For the service of the next year the employment
of the following force is proposed:
l''or the home squadron, three frigates, six sloops,
two steamers, and five brigs and schooners—making
in all, sixteen vessels. For the Mediterranean, three
frigates, four sloops, one brig and one store-ship—.
nine vessels. For tlie coast of Africa, four sloops,
two brigs or schooners, and one store-ship—seven
vessels. For the coast of Brazil, two fiigate.s, three
sloops, one brig, and one store-ship—seven vessels.
For the Pacific, three frigates, four sloops, two brigs
or schooners, and one store-ship—ten ^ssels. For
the East Indies, two fi igatcs, two sloops, one brig,
and one stoie-ship—six vessels, Foi the Lakes,
one steamer, r or special service, tile steamers
Mississippi, Princeton and Union, and the small
iron steamer now building at the navy-yard, Wash-
ington.
This increased force seems to be called for to af-
ford adequate protection to our national interests
embarked in our increased and growing conmifrce
on the distant stations. The force pioposed to be
added to the home squadron, the cruising ground of
which extends from Newfoundland to the river
Amazon, in South America, seems to be necessary
in guarding our own shores, in protecting the im-
mense capital employed in the coasting trade along
our whole seaboard, from the St. Croix to the Sa-
bine, and in giving countenance and assistance to
our foreign commercc with the West India islands,
and with the ports on tlie American continent.
The ships proposed lo be employed are built and
afloat. Tlie officers necessary to command them
are mostly in commission, and under pay. T!ie
deterioration of the ships i& little more while in ser-
vice than when laid up in ordinary. The officers
degenerate by idleness, while they are improved by
service. The expense of manning and sailing these
ships, of course, is greater than when laid up. But
we can have competent and skilful officers, good
and efficient sailors, only by a long course of active
sea-service. That is the school in which they are
taught, and in which they aiquiie a knowledge of
their duties. To build a navy, without the excell-
ence, skill, and foice, necessary to sail and efficient-
ly to manage: it, in the event of a war with a mari-
time power, would be, in effect, but adding to the
force of the enemy at the nation's cost, and to the
national disgrace. 1 hate, therefore, no hesitation
in recommending the employment of a sufficient
number of vessels to require the services of every
officer that can be spared from shore duty, and ca-
pable of sea service.
A slight increase cf officers in the subordinate
grades will be needed to keep this force afloat. I
would recommend that the number of midshipmen
be kept as high as it was the beginning of this year.
About ten more puisers could be beneficially em-
ployed. Several of the sailingmasters being, from
ago or infirmity, unfit for sea service, a small in-
crease of the number is desirable. I would recom-
mend that the proviso limiting the number of offi-
cers of the navy, which was passed on the 4th of
August, 1842, be repealed, so far as it regards the
warrant officers, excepting midshipmen; the present
number being insufficient for the wants of the ser-
vice.
The appropriation for increase, repairs, &c., for
the year 1843-'4, having been heavily drawn upon
in payment of contracts made, and in the execution
of plans and the completion of works in progress
anterior to the commencement of the present fiscal
year, it was deemed necessary, in October last, to
discharge a large portion of the persons employed
under this head; leaving, however, it is believed,
enough funds unexpended to meet most of the out-
standing demands against the department charge-
able to this appropriation. The act of Congress of
the 31st August, 1842, winch forbids the transfer of
appropriations from one to another branch of ex-
penditure in this department, lias operated injurious-
ly. Were these transfers permitted, it is believed
that sufficient means might be found among tlie va-
rious unexpended balances of appropriations to pay
most, if not all, needful outlays in the fitting, com-
pleting, and repairing of vessels, and for payments
on uncompleted contracts; and I am fully persuaded
that the public interests would be promoted were
Congress to authorize those transfers early in the
ensuing session.
Theie were several contracts made, some of them
years since, for the supply of timber and various
materials for the navy, which have expired without
having been completed. Heretofore, the department
has been in the piaetice oi extending die time for
completing these contracts, where the interests of
the United States have not suffered by such exten
sion. x he law of the 3d March, 1843, requiring all
contracts to be given by advertisement to the lowest
bidder, seems to prohibit their further extension.
There are many contractors who would have largo
sums due them on the completion of their contracts
for previous deliveries, being the ten per cent, re-
served on the amount of those deliveries; but, in
consequence of the non-extension and non-fulfil-
ment of these contracts, these amounts remain un-
paid. As the United States have suffeied no loss
by these delays, and as the parties expected an ex-
tension according to former usage, it appears to be
a proper case for the interposition of Congress for
their relief. Congress provided for analogous cases
by an act dated February 10th, 1832; mid the pass-
age of a similar act at this time would enable the,
department to effect an equitable settlement of these
cases.
If is not pioposed to make any contracts the en-
suing year for lue oak, nor for any other timber,
except absolutely ^required for immediate use; tho
