CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Prom Kentucky.—Messrs. Linn Boyd, Willis
Gr«en, George A. Caldwell, James Stone, John
White, William P. Thomasson, Garrett Davis,
Richard French, and John W. Tibbatts.
From Tennessee.—Messrs. Andrew Johnson,
William T. Senter, Julius W. Black well, Alvan
Culkmij George W. Jones, Aaron V. Brown,
Joseph H. Peyton, Cave Johnson, and Milton
Brown.
From Ohio.—Messrs. Alexander Duncan, JohnB.
Weller, Robert C. Schenck, Joseph Vance, Emery D.
Potter, Henry St. John, Joseph J. McDowell, John
J. Vanmeter, Elias Florence, Heman Allen Moore,
Jacob Brinkerhoff, Alexander Harper, Perley B.
Johnson, Samuel F. Vinton, Joseph Morris, James
Mathews, William C. MeCauslen, Ezra Dean,
Daniel R. Tilden, and Joshua R. Giddings.
From Louisiana.—Messrs. John Slidell, Alcee
Labranche, and Peter E. Bossier.
Frmn Indiana.—Messrs. Robert Dale Owen, Thos.
J. Henley, Thomas Smith, William J. Brown, John
W. Davis, Joseph A. Wright, John Pettit, Samuel
C. Sample, and Andrew Kennedy.
From Mississippi.—Mr. Jacob Thompson.
From Illinois.—Messrs. Robert Smith, John A.
McClernand, Orlando B. Ficklin, John Wentworth,
Stephen A. Douglass, Joseph P. Hoge, and John
J. Hardin.
From Alabama.—Messrs. James Dellet, James E.
Belser, Dixon H. Lewis, Wm. W. Payne, George
IS. Houston, and Felix G. McConnell.
From Missouri.—Messrs. John Jameson, Gusta-
vus M. Bower, James B. Bowlin, James H. Relfe,
and James M. Hughes.
From Arkansas.—Mr. Edward Cross.
From Michigan.—Messrs. Robert McClellan and
James B. Hunt.
delegates from territories.
From Florida.—Mr. David Levy.
From Wisconsin.—Mr. Henry Dodge.
From Iowa—Mr. Augustus C. Dodge.
A message was received from the Senate by
Asbtfkt Dickins, esq., their Secretary, stating that
* quorum of that body had assembled, and were
ready to proceed to business.
The SPEAKER then said that the members of the
House would be called by Slates in order to be
aworn; which was accordingly done.
Tha House being thus organized—
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL observed, that as the
members were desirous of hearing the message, a
committee should be appointed to wait on the Presi-
dent, and inform him that a quorum of the two
Houses had assembled, and wore ready to receive
any communication he might be pleased to make.
Th# SPEAKER suggested to the gentleman that
it -would be proper first to send a message to the
Senate, to inform that body that (he House was
organized and ready to proceed to business.
Mr. DROMGOOLE offered a resolution, adopting
the standing rules of the last House of Representa-
tives as the rules and order of proceeding for this.
Mr. ADAMS offered to amend the resolution, by
excepting the 21st rule, w Inch excludes the recep-
tion of abolition petitions.
Mr. DROMGOOLE withdiew his resolution,
and offered the following; which was considered,
and adopted:
Resolved, That a message be sent to the Senate, to
inform that body that a quorum of the f-fuuse of
Representatives ha\c fif emMed, and heve elected
John W. Jones, of Virginia, their Speaker, and are
leady to proceed to bn-ne
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL offered the following
resolution; which was con; ldered, and adopted:
Resolved, That a r-omnuttee be appointed, to join
such committee as may be appointed on the pair of
tiie Senate, and to wait on the Pre -ideut of the Uni-
ted States, and inform him that a quorum of the
two Houses of Congress lme assembled, and are
ready to receive any communication that he may be
pleased to make.
Mr. DROMGOOLE then renewed his resolution
as follows:
Resolved,- That the standing rules and orders of
the last House of Representative:; oe adopteu as ne
rules and orders of proceed,ug of tlus.
Mr. DUNCAN inquired if there was not a rule of
the last House which limited the speeches of mem-
bers to one hour.
The SPEAKER it-plied that there was.
Mr. DUNCAN moved to amend the resolution of
the gentleman from Virginia by excepting that rule.
Mr. ADAMS moved to amend the amendment by
excepting the 21at rale.
Mr. DROMGOOLE accepted the amendment of
the gentleman from Ohio as a modification of his res-
olution.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON then offered an amend-
ment, to strike out the modification of the gentleman
from Ohio, so as to retain the one-hour rale. He
looked upon it as one of the best of all the acts of
the last Congress, and should regret to see it abol-
ished.
Mr. DUNCAN was not disposed, at this mo-
ment, to enter into any discussion as to the propri-
ety or impropriety of this rule; but he would mere-
ly observe, that, considering the great and important
questions that must come before the House—ques-
tions in which the country had a deep interest—it
would be impossible for members to discuss them
as they deserved, within the limits of one hour.
We come here (said he) as representatives, to speak
on the great questions m which the honor and in-
terest of the country are involved; and we cannot do
justice to them, or to the country, if the freedom of
debate is restricted. Complaints, it was true, had
been made of the length of time consumed in de-
bate; but he knew of no instance in which the inter-
ests of the country had suffered by the most pro-
tracted discussion. All these long speeches were
read with avidity by the people; and by their means
a great deal of valuable information had been spread
over the country. The country expected discussion
011 all these important questions; and ample time
should be allowed for it. He disliked, also, the im-
position of a gag law on the minority of this or any
other body.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON asked for the yeas and
nays on his amendment; which were ordered, and,
the question being taken, resulted in yeas 96, nays
92, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Barringer, Bidlack, James Black,
Blackwell, Bossier, Jacob Brinkerhoff, Brodhead,
Aaron V. Brown, Milton Brown, William J. Brown,
Jeremiah Brown, Buffington, Caldwell, Jeremiah
E. Cary, Carroll, Augustus A. Chapman, Chilton,
Olingmnn, Coles, Collamer, Cranston, Cross, Cul-
lom, Dana, Garrett Davis, Dellet, Dickey, Ellis,
Farlce, Fish, Florence, Foot, Friek, Giddings, Gil-
mer, Willis Green, Grinnell, Grider, Haralson, Har-
din, Harper, Hays, Holmes, Hopkins, Hubbell,
Washington Hunt, James B. Hunt, Joseph R.
Ingersoll, Irvin, Jenks, Cave Johnson, Perley B.
Johnson, Preston King, Daniel P. King, Labranche,
Leonard, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Edward J. Morris, Nes,
Newton, Patterson, Peyton, Phoenix, Pratt, Ram-
sey, Rayner, Charles M. Read, Robinson, Rodnev,
Rogers, Russell, Sample, Schenck, Senter, David
L. Seymour, Simons, Slidell, Albert Smith, Stet-
son, Thomasson, Thompson,Tilden, Tyler, Vance,
Vanmeter, Vinton, Weller, Wheaton, White,Wil-
kms, Winthrop, Woodward, William Wright,
Jose]ill A. Wright, and Yost 96
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Arrmgton,
Atkinson, Barnard, Rcardsley, Belser, Benton,
Jas. A. Black, Bower, Bowlin, Boyd, Burke, Camp-
bdl, C'atbii, Chappell, Clinton, Cobb, Richard
D. Davis:, John W. Davis, Dean, Deberry, Dil-
lingham, Douglass, Dromgoole, Duncan, Dunlap,
Elmer, Ficklin, Foster, French, Hale, Hamlin,
Henley, Iferrick, Hoge, Hubard, Hudson, Hughes,
Hungerford, C. ,T. Ingersoll, Jameson, Andrew John-
son, Geo. W. Jones, Kennedy, Kirkpatnck, Lewis,
Lucas, MeCauslen, Maelay, McClellan, McCler-
nand, McConnell, McDowell, McKay, Mathews,
Moore, Joseph Morris, Moseley, Murphy, Noms,
Owen, Parmenter, Payne, Pettit, Ehsha R. Potter,
Emery D. Potter, Purdy, Rath bun, Ahnon IL
Read, David S. Reid, Redme, Relfe, Rhett, Ritter,
St. John, Saundeis, Thomas H- Seymour, Simpson,
John T. Smith, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith,
Stecnrod, John Stewart, Stone, Strong, Sykes,
Taylor, Tibbatts, Wentworth, Williams, and Wise
—92.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. WISE offered further to amend the amend-
ment, by striking out the latter clause of the ]31st
rule, m the following words:
"And also of providing for the discharge of the
committee from the consideration of any bill refer-
red to it, after acting without debate on all amend-
ments pending, and that may be offered."
Mr. W-, after some observations in opposition to
this and other restrictions on the freedom of debate,
expressed the hope that his colleague [Mr. Dp.om-
soole] would accept this amendment as a modifica-
tion of his motion.
Mr. DROMGOOLE declined accepting it, and
suggested that it would be better to adopt the rules
of proceedings of the last House, so as to proeecd
with business. Such alterations and modifications,
then, as experience suggested, could be made, at the
pleasure of the majority.
The SPEAKER stated that the amendment of
the gentleman from Massachusetts had the prece-
dence; and
Mr. ADAMS, after some remarks, called for the
yeas and nays on his motion; which, having been
ordered, resulted in yeas 91, nays 95, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Barnard,
Beardsley, Benton, William J. Brown, Jeremiah
Brown, Buffington, Jeremiah E. Cary, Carroll,
Catlin, Clingman, Clinton, Collamer, Cranston,
Dana, Richard D. Davis, Dean, Dickey, Dilling-
ham, Dunlap, Ellis, Elmer, Fish, Florence, Foot,
Frick, Giddings, Grinnell, Hale, Hamlin, Hardin,
Harper, Henley, Herrick, Hubbell, Hudson, Hun-
gerford, Washington Hunt, James B. Hunt, Jo-
seph R. Ingersoll, Irvin, Jenks, Perley B.
Johnson, Kennedy, Daniel P. King, Kirkpatrick,
Leonard, Maclay, McClellan, McDowell, Mcll-
vaine, Marsh, Edward J. Morris, Joseph Morris,
Moseley, Owen, Parmenter, Patterson, Pettit, Phoe-
nix, Elisha R. Potter, Emery D. Potter, Ramsey,
Rathbun, Charles M. Read, Robinson, Rodney,
Rogers, Sample, Schenck, Thomas H. Seymour,
David L. Seymour, Simons, Albert Smith, John T.
Smith, Thomas Smith, Stetson, John Stewart,
Sykes, Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Vanmeter, Vinton,
Wheaton, White, Williams, Winthrop, William
Wiight, and Joseph A. Wright—9].
NAYS—Messrs. Arrington, Atkinson, Barringer,
Belser, Bidlack, Black of Pennsylvania, Black of
South Carolina, Blackwell, Bossier, Bower, Bowlin,
Boyd, Jacob Brinkerhoff, Brodhead, Aaron V.
Brown, Milton Brown, Burke, Caldwell, Campbell,
Augustus A. Chapman, Chappell, Chilton, Cobb,
Coles, Cross, Cullom, Daniel, Garrett Davis, John
W. Davis, Deberry, Dellet, Douglass, Dromgoole,
Farlee, Ficklin, French, Gilmer, Willis Green,
Grider, Haralson, Hays, Holmes, Hoge, Hop-
kins, Houston, Hubard, Hughes, Charles J. In-
gersoll, Jameson, Cave Johnson, Andrew Johnson,
George W. Jones, Preston King, Labranche, Lewis,
Lucas, Lumpkin, MeCauslen, McClernand, McCon-
nell, McKay, Moore, Murphy, Newton, Norris,
Payne, Peyton, Pratt, Rayner, David S. Reid, Red-
ing, Relfe, Rhett, Ritter, Russell, St. John, Saun-
ders, Senter, Simpson, Slidell, Robert Smith, Steen-
rod, Stiles, Stone, Strong, Taylor, Thomasson,
Thompson, Tibbatts, Weller, Wentworth, Wil-
kins, Wise, Woodward, and Yost—95.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WISE then renewed his amendment; and
Mr. ADAMS moved to amend it, by striking
out also the first part of the clause, which allowed
a majority of the House to suspend the rules at any
time, for the purpose of going into Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. WISE having accepted the amendment of
Mr. Adams as a modification of his amendment, it
was read as follows:
Strike out from the 131st rule the following
clause:
"But the House may at any time, by a vote of a
majority of the members present, suspend the rules
and oidcrs for the puipose of going into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and, also,
of pioviding for the discharge of the committee
from the consideration of any bill leferred to it, af-
ter acting, without debate, on all amendments pend-
ing, and that may be offered."
Mr. WISE said he would accept the modifica-
tion proposed by the gentleman from Mas-'nehusetts;
but, inasmuch as many gentlemen might desire that
majority should have the privilege of going into
Committee of the Whole oil the state of the Union,
while they might not desire that they should lia^e
the power of putting ail end to the debate, he would
ask for a division of the question.
Mr. HOPKINS saul he had had some little ex-
perience in matteis of this kind, and he had seen
the inconvenience resulting from requnmg a vote of
two-thirds m order to put an end to debate, while
a mere majority is held responsible to the country
for any misapplication of time. If a majority be re-
sponsible for the proper conduct of the business'of
the .House, a majority should also have the right to
