«
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mumcation lie might be pleased to make? stated
that the committee nad performed that service, and
received for answer from the President, that he
■would make hi# usual communication in writing to
both Houses of Congress immediately. Subse-
quently ,
A message in writing was received from the Pres-
ident of the United States, by the hands of John
Tyler jr,. his secretary, at half-past one o'clock. It
was read to the Senate as follows:
To the Senate and
House of Representatives of the United States:
If any people ever had cause to render up thanks
to the (Supreme, Being for parental care and protec-
tion extended to them in all the trials and difficul-
ties to which they have been from time to time ex-
posed, we certainly are that people. From the first
settlement of our forefathers on this continent—
through the dangers attendant upon the occupation
of a savage wilderness—through a long period of
colonial dependence—through the war of the Revo-
Ution—in the wisdom which led to the adoption of
V s < existing, republican forms of government—in
tine hazards incident to a war subsequently waged
■with one of the most powerful nations of the earth
—in the increase of our population—in the spread
of the arts and sciences, and in the strength and du-
rability conferred on political institutions emanating
from the people and sustained by their will, the su-
perintendence of an overruling Providence has been
plainly visible. As preparatory, thereforej to en-
tering once more upon the high duties of legislation,
it becomes us humbly to acknowledge our depen-
dence upon Him as our guide and protector, and to
implore a continuance of His parental watchfulness
over our beloved country. We have new cause for
the expression of our gratitude in the preservation
of the health of our fellow-citizens, with some par-
tial and local exceptions, during the past season—
for the abundance with which the earth has yielded
tip its fruits to the labors of the husbandman—for
the renewed activity which has been imparted to
commerce—for the revival of trade in all its depart-
ments—for the increased rewards attendant on the
exercise of the mechanic arts—for the continued
growth of our population, and the rapidly-reviving
prosperity of the whole country. I shall be permit-
ted to exchange congratulations with you, gentle-
men of the two Houses of Congress, on these aus-
picious circumstances, and to assure you, in ad-
vance, of my ready disposition to concur with you
in the adoption of all such measures as shall be cal-
«ulated to increase the happiness of our constitu-
ents, and to advance the glory of our common coun-
try.
Since the last adjournment of Congress, the Ex-
ecutive has relaxed no effort to render indestructible
the relations of amity which so happily exist be-
tween the United States and other countries. The
treaty lately concluded with Great Britain has tended
greatly to increase the good understanding which a
reciprocity of interest is calculated to encourage, and
it is most ardently to be hoped that nothing may
transpire to interrupt the relations of amity which it
is so obviously the policy of both nations to culti-
vate.
A question of much importance still remaiae to be
adjusted between them. The territorial limits of the
two countries in relation to what is commonly
known as the Oregon Territory, still remain in dis-
pute. The United States would be at all times in-
disposed to aggrandize themselves at the expense of
any other nation; but while they would be restrained
by principles of honor, which should govern the
conduct of nations as well as that of individuals,
from setting up a demand for territory which does
not belong to them, "they would as unwillingly con-
sent to a surrender of their rights. After the most
rigid, and, as far as practicable, unbiassed examina-
tion of the subject, the United States have always
contended that their rights appertain to the entire
region of country lying on the Pacific, and
embraced within 42° and 54° 40' of north
latitude. This claim being controverted by Great
Britain, those who have preceded the present Ex-
ecutive—actuated, no doubt, by an earnest desire to
adjust the matter upon terms mutually satisfactory
to both countries—-have caused to be submitted to
the British Government propositions for settlement
and final adjustment, which, however, have not
proved heretofore acceptable to it. Our Minister at
London has, under instructions, again brought the
subject to the consideration of that Government; and
•while nothing will be done to compromit the rights
or honor of the United States, every proper expe-
dient will be resorted to, in order to bring the nego-
tiation now in the progress of resumption to a
speedy and happy termination. In the mean time it
is proper to remark, that many of our citizens are
either already established in the territory, or are on
their way thither for the purpose of forming perma-
nent settlements, while others are preparing ^ fol-
low ; and in view of these facts, I must repeat the
recommendation contained in previous messages,
for the establishment of military posts, at such
places on the line of travel as will furnish security
and protection to our hardy adventurers against
hostile tribes of Indians inhabiting those extensive
regions. Our laws should also follow them, so
modified as the circumstances of the case may seem
to require. Under the influence of our free system
of government, new republics are destined to spring
up, at no distant day, on the shores of thc_ Pacific,
similar in policy and in feeling to those existing on
this side of the Rocky Mountains, and giving a
wider and more extensive spread to the principles of
civil and religious liberty.
I am happy to inform you that the cases which
have arisen, from time to time, of the detention of
American vessels by British cruisers on the coast of
Africa, under pretence of being engaged in the slave-
trade, have been placed in a fair train of adjustment.
In the case of William and Francis, full satisfaction
will be allowed. In the cases of the Tygris and
Seamew, the British Government admits that satis-
faction is due. In the case of the Jones, the sum
accruing from the sale of that vessel and cargo will
be paid to the owners, while I cannot but flatter
myself that full indemnification will be allowed for
all damages sustained by the detention of the vessel;
and in the case of the Douglass, her Majesty's
Government has expressed its determination to
make indemnification. Strong hopes are therefore
entertained that most, if not all of these cases, will
be speedily adjusted. No new cases have arisen
since the ratification of the treaty of Washington;
and it is confidently anticipated that the slave-trade,
under the operation of the eighth article of that trea-
ty tj.vill be altogether suppressed.
The occasional interruption experienced by our
fellow-citizens engaged in the fisheries on the neigh-
boring coast of Nova Scotia, has not failed to claim
the attention of the Executive. Representations
upon this subject have been made; but, as yet, no
definitive answer to those representations has been
received from the British Government.
Two other subjects of comparatively minor im.
portance, but nevertheless of too much conscquencc
to be neglected, remain still to be adjusted between
the two countries. By the treaty between the Uni-
ted States and Great Britain of July, 1815, it is pro-
vided that no higher duties shall be levied in either
country on articles imported from the other, than
on the same articles imported from any other place.
In 183C, rough rice, by act of Parliament, was ad-
mitted from the coast of Africa into Great Britain
on the payment of a duty of one penny a quarter;
while the same article from all other countries, in-
cluding the United States, was subjected to the pay-
ment of a duty of twenty shillings a quarter. Our
Minister at London has, from time to time, brought
this subject to the consideration of the British Gov-
ernment, but, so far, without success. He is in-
structed to renew his representations upon it.
Some years since, a claim was preferred against
the British Government on the part of certain Amer-
ican merchants, for the return of export duties paid
by them on shipments of woollen goods to the
United States, after the duty on similar articles ex-
ported to other countries had been repealed, and
consequently in contravention of the commercial
convention between the two nations, securing to us
equality in such cases. The principle on which the
claim rests has long since been virtually admitted by
Great Britain; but obstacles to a settlement have
from time to time been interposed, so that a large
portion of the amount claimed has not yet been re-
funded. Our Minister is now engaged in the prose-
cution of the claim, and I cannot but persuade my-
self that the British Government will no longer de-
lay its adjustment.
I am happy to be able to say that nothing has oc-
curred to disturb in any degree the relations of ami-
ty which exist between the United States and
France, Austria, and Russia, as well as with the
other powers of Europe, since the adjournment of
Congress. Spain has been agitated with internal
convulsions for many years, from the effects of
which it is to be hoped she is destined speedily to
recover; when, under a more liberal system of com-
mercial policy on her part, our trade with her may
again fill its old, and, so far as her continental pos-
sessions are concerned, its almost forsaken chpinelg;
thereby adding to the mutual prosperity of the two
""The Germanic Association of Customs and Com-
merce, which, since its establishment in 1833, has
been steadily growing in power and importance, and
consists at this time of more than twenty German
States, and embraces a population of 27,000,000 of
people united for all the purposes of commercial
intercourse with each other and with foreign States,
offers to the latter the most valuable exchanges on
principles more liberal than are offered in the fiscal
system of any other European power. From its
origin, the inuiortance of the German Union has
never been lo^fcght of by the United States.^ _ The
industry, morality, and other valuable qualities of
the German nation, have always been well known
and appreciated. On this subject I invite the atten-
tion of Congress to the report of the Secretary of
State, from which it will be seen that, while our cot-
ton is admitted free of duty, and the duty on rice
has been much reduced, (which has already led to a
greatly increased consumption,) a strong disposition
has been recently evinced by that great body to re-
duce, upon certain conditions, their present duty
upon tobacco. This being the first intimation of a
concession on this interesting subject ever made by
any European power, I cannot but regard it as well
calculated to remove the only impediment which has
so far existed to the most liberal commercial inter-
course between us and them. In this view, our
Minister at Berlin, who has heretofore industriously
pursued the subject, has been instructed to enter
upon the negotiation of a commercial treaty, which,
while it will open new advantages to the agricultural
interests of the United States, and a more free and
expanded field for commercial operations, will affect
injuriously no existing interest of the Union. Should
the negotiation be crowned with success, its results
will be communicated to both Houses of Congress.
I communicate herewith certain despatches re-
ceived from our Minister at Mexico, and also a cor-
respondence which has recently occurred between
the Envoy from that Republic and the Secretary of
State. It must be regarded as not a little extraor-
dinary that the Government of Mexico, in anticipa-
tion of a public discussion, which it has been
pleased to infer, from newspaper publications, as
likely to take place in Congress, relating to the an-
nexation of Texas to the United States, should
have so far anticipated the result of such discussion
as to have announced its determination to visit any
such anticipated decision by a formal declaration of
war against the United States. If designed to pre-
vent Congress from introducing that question as a
fit subject for its calm deliberation ana final judg-
ment, the Executive has no reason to doubt mat it
will entirely fail of its object. The representatives
of a brave and patriotic people will suffer no appre-
hension of future consequences to embarrass them
in the course of their proposed deliberations. Nor
will the Executive Department of the Government
fail, for any such cause, to discharge its whole duty
to the country.
The war which has existed for so long a time be-
tween Mexico and Texas has, since the battle of
San Jacinto, consisted for the most part of predatory
incursions, which, while they have been attended
with much of suffering to individuals, and have kept
the borders of the two countries in a state of con-
stant alarm, have failed to approach to any defini-
tive result. Mexico has fitted out no formidable
armament, by land or by ssa, for the subjugation of
Texas. Eight years have now elapsed since Texas
declared her independence of Mexico, and during
that time she has been recognised as a sovereign
power by several of the principal civilized States.
Mexico, nevertheless, perseveres in her plans of re-
conquest, and refuses to recognise her independence.
The predatory incursions to which I have alluded,
have been attended, in one instance, with the break-
ing up of the courts of justice, by the seizing upon
the persons of the judges, jury, and officers of the
court, and dragging them along with unairned, and
therefore non-combatant citizens, into a cruel and
oppressive bondoge; thus leaving crime to go un-
punished, and immorality to pass unreproved. A
border warfare is evermore to be deprecated, and
over such a war as has existed for so many years
between these two States, humanity has had great
cause to lament. Nor is such a condition of things
1 to be deplored only because of the individual suf-
