CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fering attendant upon it. The effects are fa* more
extensive. The Creator of the Universe has given
man the earth for his restingplace, and its fruits for
his subsistence. Whatever, therefore, shall make
the first, or any part of it, a scene of desolation,
affects injuriously his heritage, and may be regarded
.as a general calamity. Wars may sometimes be
necessary; but' all nations have a common interest
in bringing them speedily to a close. The United
States have an immediate interest in seeing an end
put to the state of hostilities existing between Mex-
ico and Texas. They are our neighbors, of the
same continent, with whom we are not only de-
sirous of cultivating the relations of amity, but of
the most extended commercial intercourse, and to
gractise all the rites of a neighborhood hospitality,
ur own interests are deeply involved in the matter,
since, however neutral may be our course of pol-
iey, we cannot hope to escape the effects of a spirit
of jealousy on the part of both oSfche powers. Nor
can this Government be indifferent.o the fact, that a
warfare, such as is waged between those two
nations, is calculated to weaken both powers,
and finally to render them, and especially the
weaker of the two, the subjects of interference
on the part of stronger and more powerful na-
tions, which, intent only on advancing their own
peculiar views, may sooner or later attempt to bring
about a compliance of terms, as the condition of
their interposition, alike derogatory to the nation
granting them, and detrimental to the interests of the
United States. We ceuld not be expected quietly
to permit any such interference to our disadvantage.
Considering that Texas is separated from the Uni-
ted States by a mere geographical line; that her ter-
ritory, in the opinion of many, formed a portion of
the territory of the United States; that it is homo-
geneous in its population and pursuits with the ad-
joining States, and makes contributions to the com-
merce ofthe world in the same articles with them; and
that most of her inhabitants have been citizens of
the United States; speak the same language, and
live under similar political institutions wiui our-
selves—this Government is bound, by every consid-
eration of interest, as well as of sympathy, to see
that she shall be left free to act, especially in regard
to her domestic affairs, unawed by force, and un-
restrained by the policy or views of other coun-
tries. In full view of all these considerations, the
Executive has not hesitated to express to the Gov-
ernment of Mexico how deeply it deprecated a con-
tinuance of the war, and how anxiously it desired
to witness its termination. I cannot but think that it
becomes the United States, as the oldest of the Amer-
ican Republics, to hold a language to Mcxico upon
this subject of an unambiguous character. It is
time that this war had ceased. There must be a
limit to all wars; and if the parent State, after an
eight years' struggle, has failed to reduce to sub-
mission a portion of its subjects standing out in
revolt against it, and who have not only proclaimed
themselves to be independent, but have been recog-
nised as such by other powers, she ought not to
expect that other nations will quietly look, to
their obvious injury, upon a protraction of hostili-
ties. These United States threw off their colonial
dependence, and established independent Govern-
ments; and Great Britain, after having wasted her
energies in the attempt to subdue them for a less
period than Mexico has attempted to subjugate
Texas, had the wisdom and justice to acknowledge
their independence; thereby recognising the obliga-
tion which rested on her as one of the family of
nations. An example thus set by one of the proud-
est, as well as most powerful nations of the earth,
it could in no way disparage Mexico to imitate.
While, therefore, the Executive would deplore any
collision with Mexico, or any disturbance of the
friendly relations which exist between the two
countries, it cannot permit that Government to con-
trol its policy, whatever it may be, towards Tex-
as; but will treat her—as, by the recognition of her
independence, the United States have long since de-
clared they would do—as entirely independent of
Mexico. The high obligations of public duty may
enforce from the constituted authorities of the Uni-
ted States a policy, which the course persevered in
by Mexico will have mainly contributed to produce;
and the Executive, in such a contingency, will, with
confidence, throw itself upon the patriotism of
the people to sustain the Government in its course
of action.
Measures of an unusual character have recently
been adopted by the Mexican Government, calcula-
ted in no small degree to affect the trade of other
nations with Mexico, and to operate injuriously to
the United States. All foreigners, by a decree of
the 23d day of September, and after six months
from the day of its promulgation, are forbidden to
carry on the business of selling by retail any goods
within the confines of Mexico. Against this de-
cree our Minister has not failed to remonstrate.
The trade heretofore carried on by our citizens
with Santa. Pe, in which much capital was already
invested, and which was becoming of daily increas-
ing importance, has suddenly been arrested by a de-
cree of virtual prohibition on the part of the Mexi-
can Government. Whatever may be the right of
Mexico to prohibit any particular course of trade to
the citizens or subjects of foreign powers, this late
procedure, to say the least of it, wears a harsh and
unfriendly aspect.
The instalments on the claims recently settled by
the convention with Mexico have been punctually
paid as they have fallen due, and our Minister is
engaged in urging the establishment of a new com-
mission, in pursuance of the convention for the set-
tlement of unadjusted claims.
With the other American States our relations of
amity and goodwill have remained uninterrupted.
Our Minister near the Republic of New Grenada
has succeeded in effecting an adjustment of the
claim upon that Government for the schooner "By
Chance," which has been pending for many years.
The claim for the brig "Morris," which had its
origin during the existence of the republic of Co-
lombia, and indemnification for which, since the dis-
solution of that republic, has devolved on its sever-
al members, will be urged with renewed zeal.
I have much pleasure in saying that the Govern-
ment of Brazil has adjusted the claim upon that
Government in the case of the schooner "John S.
Bryan," and that sanguine hones are entertained
that the same spirit of justice will influence its coun-
cils in arriving at an early decision upon the re-
maining claims; thereby removing all cause of dis-
sension between two powers whose interests are, to
some extent, interwoven with each other.
Our Minister at Chili has succeeded m inducing a
recognition by that Government of the adjustment
effected by his predecessor of the first claims in the
case of the "Macedonian." The first instalment
has been received by the claimants in the United
States.
Notice ofthe exchange of ratifications of the trea-
ty with Peru, which will take place at Lima, has not
yet reached this country, but is expected shortly to
be! received, when that claims upon that republic will
doubtless be liquidated and paid.
In consequence of a misunderstanding between
this Government and that of Buenos Ayres, occur-
ring several years ago, this Government has re-
mained unrepresented at that court, while a minis-
ter from it has been constantly resident here. The
causes of irritation have, in a great measure, passed
away; and it is in contemplation, in view of impor-
tant interests which have grown up in that country,
at some early period during the present session of
Congress, with the concurrence of the Senate, to re-
store diplomatic relations between the two countries.
Under-the provisions of an act of Congress of the
last session, a minister was despatched from the
United States to China, in August of the present
year; who, from the latest accounts we have from
him, was at Suez, in Egypt, on the 25th of Septem-
ber last, on his route to China.
In regard to the Indian tribes residing within our
jurisdictional limits, the greatest vigilance of the
Government has been exerted to preserve them at
peace among themselves, and to inspire them with
feelings of confidence in the justice of this Govern-
ment, and to cultivate friendship with the border in-
habitants. This has happily succeeded to a great
extent; but it is a subject of regret that they suffer
themselves, in some instances, to be imposed upon
by artful and designing men—and this, notwith-
standing all the efforts of the Government to pre-
vent it.
The receipts into the treasury for the calendar
year 1843, exclusive of loans, were little more than
eighteen millions of dollars; and the expenditures,
exclusive of payments on the public debt, will have
been about twenty-three millions of dollars. By
the act of 1842, a new arrangement of the fiscal year
was made, so that it should commence on the 1st
day of July in each year. The accounts and esti-
mates for the current fiscal year will show that the
loans and treasury notes made and issued before the
1 close of the last Congress, to meet the anticipated
deficiency, have not been entirely adequate. Al-
though, on the 1st of October last, there was a bal-
ance in the treasury, in consequence of theprovisiofe
thus tnade, of $3,914,082 77, yfet th© appropriations,
already made by Congress will absorb that balance,
and leave a probable deficiency Of two millions of
dollars at the close of the present fiscal yean There
are outstanding treasury notes to about the amount
of four million six hundred thousand dollars;1 arid,
should they be returned upon the treasury during:
the fiscal year, they will require provision for their
redemption. I do not, however, regard this as prob-
able, since they have obviously entered into the
currency of the country, and will continue to form
a portion of it, if the system now adopted be con-
tinued. The loan of 1841, amounting to $5,673,-
976 88, falls due on the 1st of January, 1845, and
must be provided for, or postponed by a new loan.
And unless the resources of revenue should be ma-
terially increased by you, there-will be a probable
deficiency for the service of the fiscal year ending
June 30th, 1845, of upwards of four millions of dol-
lars.
The delusion incident to an enormously excessive
paper circulation, which gave a fictitious, value to
everything, and stimulated adventure and specula-
tion to an extravagant extent, has been happuy suc-
ceeded by the substitution of the precious metals,
and paper promptly redeemable in specie; and thus
false values have disappeared, and a sounder condi-
tion of things has been introduced. This transition,
although intimately connected with the prosperity
of the country, has nevertheless been attended with
much embarrassment to the Government in its
financial concerns. So long as the foreign impor-
ters could receive payment for their cargoes in a
currency of greatly less value than that in Europe,
but fully available here in the purchase of our agri-
cultural productions, their profits being immeasura-
ble augmented by the operation, the shipments were
large, and the revenues of the Government became
superabundant. But the change in the character of
the circulation from a nominal and apparently real
value, in the first stages of its existence, to an obvi-
ously depreciated value in its second, so that it no
longer answered the purposes of exchange or barter,
and its ultimate substitution by asoundmetallic and
paper circulation combined, has been attended by
diminished importations, and a consequent falling
off in the revenue. This has induced Congress,
from 1837, to resort to the expedient of issuing
treasury notes, and finally of funding them, in order
to supply deficiencies. I cannot, however, withhold
the remark, that it is in no^way compatible with the
dignity of the Government that a public debt should
be created in time of peace to meet the current ex-
penses of the Government, or that temporary expe-
dients should be resorted to an hour longer than it
is possible to avoid them. The Executive can do
no more than apply the means which Congress
places in its hands for the support of Government;
and happily for the good of the country, and for the
preservation of its liberties, it possesses no power to
levy exactions on the people, or to force from them
contributions to the public revenue in any form. It
can only recommend such measures as may, in its
opinion, be called for by the wants of the public
service, to Congress, with whom alone rests the
power to "lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and
excises." This duty has upon several occasions
heretofore been performed. The present condition
of things gives a flattering promise that trade and
commerce are rapidly reviving, and, fortunately for
the country, the sources of revenue have only to be
opened, in order to prove abundant.
While we can anticipate no considerable increase
in the proceeds of the sales of the public lands, for
reasons perfectly obvious to all, for several years to
come, yet the public lands cannot otherwise than be
regarded as the foundation of the public credit.
With so large a body of the most fertile lands in
the world under the control, and at the disposal of
the Government, no one can reasonably doubt the
entire ability of the Government to meet ite engage-
ments under every emergency. In seasons of trial
and difficulty similar to those through which we
are passing, the capitalist makes his investment in
the Government stocks, with the most assured con-
fidence of ultimate reimbursement; and whatever
may be said in a period of great financial prosperity,
such as existed for some years after 1833,1 should
regard it as suicidal, in a season of financial em-
barrassment, to alienate either the lands themselves,
or the proceeds arising from their sales. The first
and paramount duty of those to whom may be in-
trusted the administration of public affaire, is to
