CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■ 
quire. The change which the countiy has undergone
of late years in the mode of travel and transportation,
has afforded so many facilities for the transmission
of mail-matter out of the regular mail, as to require
the greatest vigilance and circumspection in order
to enable the officer at the head of the department to
restrain the expenditures within the income. There
is also too much reason to fear that the franking
privilege has run into great abuse. The department,
nevertheless, has been conducted with the greatest
vigor, and has attained, at the least possible ex-
pense, all the useful objects for which it was estab-
lished.
In regard to all the departments, I am quite
happy ill the belief that nothing has been left undone
which was called for by a true spirit of economy, or
by a system of accountability rigidly enforced. This
is, in some degree, apparent from the fact, that the
Government has sustained no loss by the default of
any of its agents. In the coniplej^ but, at the same
time, beautiful machinery of our system of govern-
ment, it is not a matter ot surprise that some remote
agency may have failed for an instant to fulfil its
desired office; but I feel confident in the assertion,
that nothing has occuired to interrupt the harmoni-
ous action of the Government itself; and that while
the laws have been executed with efficiency and
vigor, the rights neither of States nor of individuals
have been trampled on or disregarded.
In the mean time the country has been steadily
advancing in all that contributes to national great-
ness. The tide of population continues unbrokenly
to flow into the new States and Territories, where a
refuge is found not only for our native-born
fellow-citizens, but for emigrants from all parts of
the civilized world, who come among us to partake
of the blessings of our free institutions, and to aid
by their labor to swell the curicnt of oui wealth and
power.
It is due to every consideration of public policy
that the lakes and rivers of the West should receive
all such attention at the hands of Congress as the
Constitution will enable it to bestow. Works in
favorable and proper situations oil the lakes would
be found to be as indispensably necessary in case of
war to carry on safe and successful naval opera-
tions, as fortifications on the Atlantic seaborntl-
The appropriation made by the last Congress for
the improvement of the navigation of the Mississippi
river, has been diligently and efficiently applied.
I cannot close this communication, gentlemen,
.•'"without recommending to your most favorable con-
sideration, the interests of this District. Appointed
by the Constitution its exclusive legislators, and
forming in this particular the only anomaly in our sys-
tem of government—that of the legislative body being
elected by others than those for whose advantage
they are to legislate—you will feel a superadded ob-
ligation to look well into their condition, and to
leave 110 cause for complaint or regret. The seat
of Government of our associated Republics cannot
but be regarded as worthy of youi parental care.
In connexion with its other interests, as well as
those of the whole country, I recommend that at
your present session you adopt such measures, in
order to carry into effect the Smithsonian bequest,
as in your judgment will be best calculated to con-
summate the liberal intent of the testator.
When, under a dispensation of Divine Provi-
dence, I succeeded to the presidential office, the
state of public afi'aii s was embarrassing and criti-
cal. To add to the irritation consequent upon a
long-standing controversy with one of the most
powerful nations of modem times—involving not 011-
lyjquestions of boundary, (which, under the most la-
vorable circumstances, arc always embarrassing.)
but at the same time important and _ high principles
of maritime law—bowler controversies between the.
citizens and subjects of the two countries had en-
gendered a state of feeling and of conduct which
threatened the most calamitous consequences. The
hazards incident to this state of things were greatly
heightened by the arrest and imprisonment of a
subject of Great Britain, who, acting (as it was ol-
leged) as apart of a military force, had aided 111 the
commission of an act violative ol the ten itorial juris-
diction of the United States, and involving the murder
of a citizen of the State of New York. A huge
amount of claims ngaipstthe Government of Mexico
remained unadjusted, and a war of sen-end years' con-
tinuance with the savage tribes of Florida still pre-
vailed, attended with the desolation of alarge portion
of that beautiful Territory, and with the sacrifice of
many valuable lives. To increase the embarrass-
ment of "tiie Government, individual and State credit
had been nearly stricken down, and confidence in the
General Government was so much impaired, that
loans of a small amount could only be negotiated at
a considerable sacrifice. As a necessary consequence
of the blight which had fallen 011 commerce and me-
chanical industry, the ships of the one were thrown
out of employment, and the operations of the other
had been greatly diminished. Owing to the condi-
tion of the currency, exchanges between different
parts of the country had become ruinously high,
and trade had to depend 011 a depreciated paper cur-
rency in conducting its transactions, i shall be
permitted to congratulate the country that, under
an ovenuling Providence, peace was preserved
without a sacrifice of the national honor; the
war in Florida was brought to a speedy termina-
tion; a large portion of the claims 011 Mexico have
been fully adjudicated, and are in a couise of pay-
ment, while justice has been rendered to eisin other
matters by other nations; confidence between man
and man is in a gieat measuie restored, and the
credit of this Government fully and perfectly re-es-
tablished. Commerce is becoming more and more
extended in its operations; and manufacturing and
mcchaiiieal industry once moie reap the rewards of
skill and labor honestly applied. The operations
of ti ade rest 011 a sound curi ency; and the rates of
exchange arc leduccd to theii lowest amount. Ill
this condition of tilings, 1 have felt it to be my duty
to bring to your favorable consideration matters of
great interest, in their present and ultimate results;
and the only desire which I feel 111 connexion with
the futuic is, and will continue to be, to leave the
countiy prosperous, and its institutions unimpaired.
JOHN TYLER.
Washington, December, 1843.
Mr. HUNTINGTON mo\ed that the message
and accompanying documents be laid on the table.
Mr. SEVIER hoped the message would be or-
dered to be printed as usual. He submitted the
motion that it be also printed.
Mr. EVANS would inquire of the Senator from
Aihan.vs whethci Ik did not kmiw Lhat there was
no printer. It would be ncccs^uy, he supposed, to
provide a punter befoie an older for printing could
be executed.
Mr. SEVIEP^ remarked that there never had
been a message of the kind leceived, that was not
ordered to be printed, immediately after being read.
Mr. EVANS. Certainly not. He did not, how-
ever, sec the use of making an order for the printing,
before there was a printer appointed to execute the
printing.
The question was taken 011 the motion to lay 011
the table, and agiecd to.
The question was put 011 the motion of Mr.
Smii-e. to have the message punted, and earned
111 the affirm.'live.
Mr. SEVIER then submitted a motion to have
the usual extia quantity of the message and accom-
panying documents pinned lbi the use of the ^Sen-
ate; which was agreed to, and 1,500 copies ot the
message and accompanying documents, and ^,000
without the documents,'were ordered to be printed.
THE ELECTION OF PRINTER.
Mr. BAYARD moved that the Senate now pro-
ceed to the election of primer for the 38th Congress.
The motion was agreed to without dissent.
Mr. KING suggested to the Senator fiom Dela-
ware, whether t^Vexccution of the order just adopt-
cd would not conflict with a iule ot the fccuute,
which ivxed a specific day for the election ot its of-
ficers—that is, the 2d Monday of the 1st session of
each Congiess. if such was the case, the election
could only take place by unanimous consent, 01' by
the suspension of tli.it rule.
Mr. BAYAUD did cot think the cider conflicted
witli that rule; and even if it did, the pioposwon
being made and cairied without objection, was tan-
tamount to its passage by a unanimous vote. The
it-solution had been adopted; and this was not the
stage to intci pose objection.
The rule of the Senate alluded to haung J-cell
—-which provided for the election of officers
of the Senate, other than printer, on the Monday
after the meeting of each Congress—
Mr. KING withdrew ins objernon: when
The Senate proceeded to the election ot primer.
Tlie hsllots weir dcpositcel in the Kd!ot-box; and,
Oil being counted, it was ascertained that all ihc Sen-
ators p: eseiit had voted, ant! cast their votes as
follows: 0,,
For Gales & Seaton - -
For Blair & Rives - - - 1<
So Messrs. Gales & Seaton were declared i&sjft
duly elected printers of the Senate" for the S&ffi.
Congress. - - -
On motion of Mr. EVANS, • >'-x
The Senate then adjourned. • ■ ■ • i :
[The reporter was mistaken in stating, in the pro-
ceed ings of' the Senate of yesterday, that Mr, A,L-
lek's credentials of election were presented by Jfrj
Evans. They were presented at the last sessiottbyj
Mr. Allen's friend and colleague, the Hon. Mr.
Tappan.] " -
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 5, 1843.
The House was called to order at 12 o'clock, and
the minutes of yesterday were read by the Clerk.
Mr. RIJETT introduced his colleague, Mr.
James A. Black of South Carolina, who was quali-
ficd and took his seat.
Mr. MILTON BROWN introduced Mr. D. W.
Dickinson of Tennessee, who was sworn, and he
then took his seat.
AMENDMENT OF THE JOURNAL—PRO-
TEST OF THE MINORITY.
Mr. BARNARD rose to a question of amend-
ment of the J ournal. If he had heard the reading
of the journal correctly, no notice was taken of his
motion for leave to read a paper to the House; there
was 110 notice whatever taken in the journal of that
transaction.
The SPEAKER remarked that the paper to
which the gentleman from New York [Mr, Bar-
nard] leferred, was not read to the House, nor was
it at any time in the possession of the House.
Mr. BARNARD replied, that although the paper
was not in the possession of the House by being
lead, yet it was in possession of a member of
the House, who oficrcd to reael a paper in his placc,
which was signed by himself and a large number of
his colleagues. A motion was made that lie be per-
ivite-d to" read that paper; that motion was put to
the House, a vote was taken upon it, and the result
was declared, and that result was a refusal. He
quoted from the journal a precedent 111 the New
J erscy case, in support of his right to have this
paper entered on the journal in the mode which he
now proposed.
With respect to the question now occupying the
attention of the House, he begged leave to say that
it was a matter in which he did not feel the slightest
personal inteiest. He had 110 personal regard for
it; but, in the organization of this deliberative body,
a most important precedent was set yesterday, and
yet the journal took no notice of it. It seemed to
Inni that the ense was a peculiar one, and that the
action of the House upon it was peculiar; and such
a transaction ought to form an important part of the
parliamentary history of the country. Why should
so important a pioceeding rest alone 011 newspaper
rccorel: Whv should it not go 011 the solemn jour-
no 1 of the House? Who could be afraid of the
transaction'- "\V 11 v should it be objected to? He
held it to be one of the most important eases thathad
ever occurred, this House took action upon it; and
yet not the slightest reference was made to it in the
journal. Fifty members of this House prepared a
paper, solemnly drawn up, 011 consultation, for pre-
sentation to this House, on the question of its or-
ganization, ill regard to the returns of the membeis
of the House, anel how far those returns, being ap-
paicmlv regular 011 their face, shall authorize the
members holding them to assist in the organization
of the House. Those opinions were deliberately
expre sscd: and whv, then, should they not be on
the record? But not only were the opinions ex-
1 iicst-ed 0.1 the important question, how far the re-
turns shall be considered conclusive to entitle mem-
bers to assist 111 the organization of the House; but
also how far members may 01- may not feel them-
selves disposed to press questions of this sort, pre-
vious to organization. It will be a precedent for alt
futuie time; anel the veiy forbearance ot the nimon-
tv yesterday ought to do much towards inducing
the "House to spread the matter at full length on the
iournal of the House. It was ni tints spirit tli&t he
'Ivui risen to make his motion that this transaction
be inserted on the journal of the House. It was
worthy 10 be recorded 111 the archives cf the coun-
try. No man, lie ventured to say, would dispute
that, if anything was worthy of being recorded oil
the journal, this transaction was. He was not dis-
posed to detain the House 011 this ejucstion; but lis
was aiaious that the House should understand the
