14
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
House; but it was there on his individual motion;
and he very much preferred that it should be there
by the decision of the House. He therefore desired
to press a vote on the question; and he called for the
yeas and nays on the motion of the gentleman from
Virginia to strike it from the journal.
"The SPEAKER inquired if the gentleman from
Virginia submitted the question of priority?
Mr. DROMGOOLE said he thought it was pre-
mature to spread that paper at length on the jour-
nal, until the House had comefb a decision thereon.
By the old practice, it could not have gone there at
all; and he thought the Clerk should have waited
for the decision of the House. If the ayes and
noes were called, it would necessarily be entered,
for the purpose of showing on what the yeas and
nays had been taken; but if it remained on the jour-
nal of yesterday, and the yeas and nays were now
taken, it must go on the journal of to-day also; and
he, therefore, hoped it would be erased from the
journal of yesterday by general consent; for this
repetition of such a document, to say the least, was
superfluous. He had no party feeling to gratify in
this. He merely wished some system to be estab-
lished in making up the journal, and to avoid placing
the House in the ridiculous attitude in which it
must stand if this document should be so often and
so uselessly repeated on its journal.
The SPEAKER intimated that a question of
amendment of the journal of yesterday would take
precedence, and the proposition to amend the jour-
nal of the previous day would come up properlv af-
terwards.
Mr. DROMGOOLE concurred with the Speaker;
and he added, that the erasure would be doing no
injury to the gentlemen who wished to see it there,
for it must be entered on the record 011 the yeas and
nays being called, whether the motion on which
they were called was carried or not. It did, there-
fore, seem to him that it would be sufficient that the
journal should state that the motion of the gentle-
man from New York was pending, as it would come
UP again to-day. He, therefore, hoped the journal
would be amended by general consent.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL justified the course ta-
ken by the Clerk, and approved by the Speaker, in
making up the journal. He also quoted from the
journals of the House of the last session, to show
that the course now taken was in accordance with
the precedents.
Mr. WINTMROP suggested to the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Dromgoole] the danger to
which he was exposed of involving himself in diffi-
culties which he sought to avoid. 'For instance: the
paper was now on the journal, and the gentleman
from Virginia sought to erase it; but, on his motion
for that purpose, the ayes and noes might be called,
and, necessarily, it would go there again; and it
would also be again recorded on the decision of the
original proposition. Thus, if the gentleman from
Virginia persisted in his motion, the paper might
go on the record [thrice; for he (Mr. W.) should
certainly call for the yeas and nays on the gentle-
man 's motion, and he had no doubt there would be
found one-fifth of the members present to sustain
such a call.
Mr. DROMGOOLE had merely asked that the
paper be erased from the journal by general con-
sent; and, therefore, the consequences which the
gentleman from Massachusetts had anticipated
would not follow. He wished it done by general
consent, and thereby the gentlemen would not be
prejudiced or suffer injury. If, however, such was to
be the pertinacity with which the gentlemen were de-
termined to act, he would withdraw the question;
but, in justification of the course he had suggested,
he quoted some extracts from the parliamentary law,
which had never been repealed.
Mr. CHAPPELL, of Georgia, said he confessed
that he thought a very different course would have
been pursued in reference to this question. In every
etspect in which . f could be viewed, in every shape
in which it could be presented, the House must ex-
ercise in regard to it judicial functions. The House
was, so far as regarded the question before it,
merely a judicial body; and the only functions
which they could by any possibility perform in ref-
erence to this question, were purely and strictly ju-
dicial functions. And he had hoped, therefore, that
gentlemen, of whatever phase of opinions they might
be, how much soever opposed m the convictions of
their own judgments as to the right of certain gentle-
men to occupy seals upon that floor, would, never-
theless, have shaped their action in that House in a
planner suited to a judicial body. Every one of 1
those gentlemen would have the right, when the
question should be brought formally before the
House for adjudication, to have his opinion recorded
upon the journals. As a member from the Sjafe of
Georgia, and entitled to the seat to which he had
been chosen, he could only say that he hoped the
proceedings upon the subject would be judicially
conducted. The House being organized, all its
members were constituted judges upon this ques-
tion; a portion of that House, thus organized and
clothed with judicial powers, in anticipation that the
question _ would arise and be presented to them
for decision, had presented, and recorded upon the
journal, a prejudgment of the whole question. This
was the extraordinary course of proceeding which
had been adopted by gentlemen at this stage of the
business. As one against whose right to a seat
a portion of the House had arrayed their judgment,
he was indisposed to have anything to say about
these preliminary proceedings; he would be dis-
posed, however, to have somewhat to say when
the merits of the question should come before the
House in its judicial capacity.
In reference to what had been already—most ir-
regularly, as he contended—placed upon the journals,
he would suggest to the consideration of the House,
and especially to the consideration of those gentle-
men whose signatures appeared upon that paper,
whether, in view of the judicial character 111
which alone the question could come before them,
it was a proper proceeding on the part of a portion
of the members, that they should not only pre-
j udge the ease, but that they should even record that
prejudgment upon the journal of that body. He
would again repeat, that, in reference to himself, and
in reference to those of his State who occupied the
same position which he did upon this subject,
he cared not what might be the proceedings of
body; he cared not what might be the course of
proceeding adopted by gentlemen for the purpose
of presenting their opinions; but, for the sake of all
that was becoming in the character of judges, he
would suggest to those whom the Constitution of
the country had made the judges, whom it had
clothed with judicial power in relation to this sub-
ject, the propriety of withdrawing from the jour-
nals of the House the record of their prejudgment.
This was all that he had at heart, touching any-
thing and everything that had yet transpired In that
House upon this subject. He well knew that the
prejudgment so framed, and so recorded 011 the part
of a portion of the members of that House, would
not affect the rights of any member; nor would it
affect or prevent a full and fair consideration, and a
just decision of the question by the House. But
he would again ask, for the sake of the House
itself, as a judicial body—as a body acting
upon this subject solely and purely in its ju-
dicial character—he would ask that the prejudg-
ment of a portion of the members of that
body be stricken from the journals, either by
a motion for that purpose, or by common con-
sent. And, as far as liis knowledge of parliament-
ary proceedings enabled him to judge, he believed
that the motion made by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Dkomgoole,] which he had just con-
sented to withdraw, was the proper one. The only
subject of controversy before the House, yesterday,
was, whether the paper was a proper one to appear
upon the journals. Ere the House had adjudicated
upon that question—while the question was still
pending and undetermined, the Clerk of the House
had spread the whole matter upon the journals
Were the journals of the House not to be' control-
led by the House? Was it to be permitted that, in
consequcnce of the suspension of debate on a ques-
tion, a paper should be recorded in spite of them?
He trusted that the House would vet maturely con-
sider how far it was proper, under the circum-
stances, in reference to the manner in which it was
brought forward in the first instance, to permit this
paper to be made a portion of the records of that
body. He would beg of the House—he would be*-
of those gentlemen whose names were signed to thai
paper, to consider how it was due to themselves
and to that House, in its judicial character, to with-
hold from the journals this paper, which was m
fact, neither more nor less than a prejudgment of the
question by those who were to be the judges in the
last resort. J 6
The SPEAKER inquired if the gentleman intend-
ed to offer any motion.
Mi. CHAi PELL said he would renew the
proposition which had been made by the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Dromgoole.]
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON said, if the gentleman
from Georgia would embody the arguments of his
speech upon paper by to-morrow morning, and
move that it be entered upon the journal, he (Mr.
J.) would have no sort of objection that it should
be done; for it was evident that the protest, as it
was called, was only the statement of an argument.
If the gentleman would prepare a rebutting protest,
and move that it be entered upon the journal, the
gentleman would meet with no opposition from him.
But he certainly objected to the useless consumption
of time which the debate was occasioning; and
he would, therefore, move to lay the whole subject
upon the table.
Mr. BOWLIN of Missouri, being desirous of ad-
dressing the Chair upon the question,
Mr. JOHNSON withdrew his motion to lay the
subject upon the table.
Mr. BARNARD then rose to a question of or-
der. fie understood the gentleman upon the other
side had moved to strike from the journal the reso-
lution which he (Mr. B.) had offered yester-
day. He submitted to the Chair whether such a
motion could be entertained. The House had re-
ceived the resolution in the regular way. The reso-
lution itself was perfectly in order; and, in the ordi-
nary course of proceeding, would go upon the jour-
nal.
The CHAIR overruled the point of order.
Mr. BOWLIN of Missouri then rose and said,
they did not shrink from the discussion of the ques-
tion. They were not afraid of it. The question
had already been before the public; and both in
State Legislatures, where it had been agitated, and
in the public prints, the act of Congress had been
condemned. They were not afraid of discussion;
but they solemnly protested against placing a paper,
which, he maintained, was not respectful towards
those members who had been elected by general
ticket, should be spread upon the journals, and sent
forth as a part of the proceedings of that body.
They did not wish to avoid discussion; and gentle-
men mistook greatly if they undertook to assume
that it was for the purpose of dodging the question
that they had offered opposition to the introduction of
the paper in question. When the proper time
should arrive for them to come before the House
upon the great constitutional question, they would
be found ready and willing to meet their opponents,
and to measure lances with them. They were not
afraid of the question, and he did sincerely hope
that the subject would be allowed to come up before
the House and the country; that it would be refer-
red to the Committee of Elections; that a report
would be made by the committee; and that all pro-
ceedings in relation to it would be conducted in the
ordinary way.
He (Mr. B.) was but little versed in parlia-
mentary affairs, this being his third day's experi-
ence, but it did appear to him that the course of
proceeding which had been adopted upon this oc-
casion was a very strange one, taking a common-
sense \ iew of the matter. That any set of members
should unite and draw up an argument, and have
it spread upon the journals, certainly appeared to
him singular, to say the least of it. Why, he (Mr.
B.) could draw up an argument in answer to it by
to-morrow, and move to insert it upon the journal.
But would it be permitted ? would" it be for a mo-
ment tolerated?
[A message from the Senate was here brought in
b7 , Dicktvs, esq., who informed the Speaker
that the Senate had passed an additional joint rule,
111 which they desired the concurrence of the
House.]
I might prepare my argument (said Mr. B. in
continuation;) but, sir, it would neither be received
nor entered upon the journal. I should probably
not be listened to; and I cannot, therefore, see the
reason or justice of allowing the protest, as it is call-
ed, of certain members of this House, to be placed
upon the journals. There is neither reason nor jus-
tice in it; there is nothing like justice, inasmuch as
it is not only disrespectful towards members of this
Mouse, but it is derogatory to the rights of certain
states of this Union. Neither the abstract princi-
ple of law, nor the rules of the House, would justify
it. I care not if it should go upon the journals each
ay, 11 om this time until the end of this session of
Congress; its authors will be held up to the public as
the originators of whatever evil may be produced
by it. But I do hope, at least, that gentlemen
will vote regardless of the question of constitution-
ality, and allow the paper to go upon the journals—
twice it they pleased—but with their seed of condemn
