30
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX Tff THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1844.
Rules of the House—Mr. Beardsley.
H. of Reps.
these might be repelled from the House, so migfe-aH
others.
It was important to ascertain what was meant by
"the right of petition." Some gentlemen seemed to
suppose that the right existed, but that this House
had a paramount right, at its own good pleasure, to
repel petitions and petitioners from this hall. What
sort of a right was that—a right to petition for re-
dress of grievances—if the body to which it is ad-
dressed has this paramount right to close its doors
against the petitioners? Did the reception of a pe-
tition affirm that they approved of its contents, and
were ready and willing to grant its prayer? Too
many gentlemen seemed to think so. Let them ex-
ercise their sound common sense; let them distin-
guish between the duty to receive petitions and act
upon them in some manner, and the right and the
duty to, exercise their own judgment upon the ques-
tion of granting their prayer. The duty to receive
petitions he conceived to be imperative; and so was
the duty which arose on their reception, to pass
upon them in such manner as might best promote
the great ends of government—the promotion and
perfection of the true interests of the whole commu-
nity. In receiving a petition, they simply said that
they weuld accord to the petitioners their common
right—a right which every member here enjoyed,
and which they were, as he believed, bound to ac-
cord to every citizen of the country. How, he
would ask, did the right of petition stand ia Eng-
land' (for they might draw instruction from Eng-
land upon this subject.) He affirmed that, under
the most arbitrary reign in England, the time had
never been that a petition addressed to the British
Parliament had been spurned out of doors, as they
had been in the habit of driving petitions of this
character out of doors here. He knew that former-
ly, in England, persons who petitioned the King for
redress of grievances had sometimes been fined and
imprisoned for it; and he knew that, by the theory
of the British constitution, sovereignty was supposed
to reside in the individual who sat vipon the throne.
But although a monarch had treated petitions in
this manner, Parliament had never done as they
had been doing in this hall for a few years
past. If they went to the bill of rights—the
bill which grew out of the revolution of 1688, and
which was assented to by the King and by Parlia-
ment—they found that it expressly declared in words
and letters, in the most emphatic manner, the un-
qualified right of the subject to petition the sovereign.
Mr. B. read from the bill of rights upon this sub-
ject. It asserts "that it is the right of the subject
to petition the King; and all commitments and pros-
ecutions for such petitions are illegal." And this,
with all the other rights therein asserted, are de-
clared to be "the true, ancient, and indubitable, rights
and liberties of the people of this kingdom." Noth-
ing could be more explicit than this recognition of
the rights of Englishmen. It was their tine, their
ancient, and their indubitable right; and no King
should be permitted to deny or abridge it. It was
ti'ue that in a prior reign, (that of Charles II, he be-
lieved,) for the purpose of guarding against riotous
and tumultuous assemblages with a view to petition
Parliament had passed a law regulating the exer-
eise of the right of petition—not refusing to receive
[petitions, but declaring that not beyond a certain
number of persons should assemble together for
this purpose, without the assent of the proper ma-
gistrates; but never, under the most arbitrary reign
in England, had it occurred to any one that the le-
gislature of that country might impose on the people
by barring them from the right of petition. Such,
at least, was the principle on which the right of pe
tition stood in England. It stood as recognised and
delared by the bill of rights of 1G88, modified and
regulated with a view to guard against disturbances.
In other respects, the right was unqualified and unre-
stricted.
Now let us look a little at the history of this
country, and see what had been the opinions of
those who had preceded tliem in this hall, and
what they had done, as well as those who had framed
and adopted the several State constitutions, and that
of this Union. One general truth, he believed, would
be found to prevail—that there was not a State in the
Union that had not secured, either ill her constitu-
tion or in her bill of rights, this sacied right of the
people to petition for a redress of grievances. So
sacred had been the regard for it, so uniform had
been the States in protecting it, that they would
find in every State of the Union, (without a single
exception, he believed,) it was guarded in most un-
qualified and precise terns- Had it ever before been
heard, in a legislative body, that they should refuse
to receive petitions?—lie meant those which were
decorous and respectful to the body to which they
addressed. If that was their character, they were
received by all the State Legislatures in this Union.
But this was not .all. Let them ascertain what was
the opinion of those who preceded them here.
When the Constitution of the United States was
framed, it contained no bill of rights; and in your
State, (said Mr. B. addressing the Speaker,) in the
State of Virginia, it was one of the great and for-
midable obstacles—one of the potent objections
against ratifying that Constitution—that it con-
tained no declaration of the rights of the citizen:
Virginia finally assented to the Constitution as it
was; but the same convention which had ratified it,
recommended in most explicit terms that the Con-
stitution should be amended by "a declaration or
bill of rights, asserting and securing from encroach-
ment the essential and inalienable rights of the peo-
ple," therein specified, one of which was, "that
every freeman has a right to petition or apply to the
Legislature for redress of grievances." This right
was thus asserted to be "essential"—important—
vital. It was "inalienable"—always existing, and
not transferable. And this right, Virginia insisted,
should be guarded from all"encroachment." Virginia
(continued Mr. B.) had planted herself on that prin-
ciple—nobly planted herself on that very principle
which this House seemed essentially to have disre-
She had put her objections to the Constitution
upon the omission of this and other provisions
which she had regarded essential to be contained in
that Constitution. Well, conformably to the rec-
ommendation of Virginia, the Constitution of the
United States had been amendeded. That amend-
ment recognised, and most explicitly, this "inalien-
able" right, this "essential" right; for the language
of Virginia was, that it was "essential," that it was
important, that it was vital. It was "inalienable."
Therefore, at all times, it existed in the people;
they could not transfer it. It was inextinguishable;
and this right, the constitutional amendment de-
clared, Congress should make no law to abridge.
And what was the right of petition on the part of
the people, unless it was compulsory that their peti-
tions should be received; not that their prayers
should be granted, but that they should be received.
The right of petition existed everywhere. Every
citizen of this republic had the "essential" and "in-
alienable" right to petition Government for redress
of grievances, for what they conceive to* be grievan-
ces; and although we may not regard them as
grievances, that furnishes no reason for their re-
jection. Such were the grounds occupicd by Vir-
ginia at the adoption of the Constitution; and that
instrument had been amended on her suggestion,
recognising this right, and declaring that Congress
should make no law abridging "the right of the
people peaceably to assemble, and to petition
the Government for a redress of grievances." No
one, then, believed that either House of Congress
alone would venture to deny or abridge this right.
Hence, the restraint is upon Congress. Congress
cannot, by law, abridge it, or lay any restraint upon it.
Much less can one House alone rightfully destroy or
impair it. Was it not, then, an uttcrfallacy to main-
tain that this House—one branch of the legislative
power'—had n right to bar its doors, and refuse to re-
ceive the petitions which were sent here for the re-
dress of the grievances, or of the imagined grievan-
ces of the people? (for these were the grounds on
which they stood here.)
Mr. B. maintained that it was the right of every
citizen to come here and to present what he consid-
ered his grievance; and that they were to receive
and treat it in o respectful manner, and then to exer-
cise their own judgment as to the propriety of com-
plying with his request.
One answer to this view of the subject, and one
ground urged for denying the exercise of the right
of petition, ivas, that these petitioners prayed for
unconstitutional objects, such as this House, such
as Congress, had not the power to grant to them.
And Mr. B. was very free to admit, that, when a
petition asked them to do that which they had
plainly no right to do, as the petition was addressed
to a tubunal which, in legal parlance, had no juris-
diction over the subject, they might with propriety,
and without giving cause of offence to any one, re-
fuse to receive it.
But the argument was carried still further; and it
was urged that when petitions were presented, the
granting a part of the prayers of which would be con-
stitutional and of the other unconstitutional, the un-
constitutional portions ought to control the House
in disposing of them, and therefore that the whole
petition, the constitutional as well as the unconsti-
tutional part, should be driven out of doors. Now
Mr. B. was far from acceding to that position.
Why should it be so? The petitioner asks them to
redress grievances which they had a right to redress,
and also to redress grievances over which they had
no power. Were they not to receive and act upon
the parts which were constitutional? He must say
that, in his estimation, that was the proper mode of
disposing of that class of petitions. The unconsti-
tutional prayers were no reason whatever for exclu-
ding from their consideration those which were con-
stitutional, while they disregarded the others.
Mr. B. said he might on this subject appeal to
what had heretofore been done by this House.
The very first Congress under the Constitution had
acted upon this very question; and the example
which they had left for us, might furnish a very
proper guide for the House on the present occasion.
In 1790, the Quakers presented a petition to Con-
gress, praying, amongst other things, "the abolition
of the slave trade," which Congress had no power
to grant until 1808. At the same period, a memo-
rial of the Pennsylvania Society for promoting the
abolition of slavery, signed by Dr. Franklin, as pres-
ident, was also presented to this House. This
memorial earnestly prayed Congress "to counten-
ance the restoration of liberty to those unhappy men
who alone, in this land of freedom, are degraded
into perpetual bondage; and who, amidst the general
joy of surrounding freemen, are groaning in servile
subjection;" that "mercy and justice towards this
distressed race" might be promoted; and that Con-
gress would step "to the very verge of the power
vested in" them "for discouraging every species of
traffic in the persons of their fellow-men."
These petitions were received by the House of
Representatives, but some of the members from the
South strenuously objected to their reference, as
they prayed for the immediate suppression of the
slave trade,an object beyond the power of Congress—
the Constitution having expressly tolerated it until
1808- It was also urged that the memorials called
for the abolition of slavery in the States, which was
a subject over which Congress had no control or
authority. These objections were pressed with
urgency and with force, but without success. Mr.
Madison declared himself in favor of the reference,
as a course not only just and constitutional, but also
founded in sound policy. The commitment, he
said, had not the Slightest tendency to break in upon
the Constitution; "the petitioners prayed, in general
terms, for the interference of Congress, so far
as they were constitutionally authorized;" but
even if the prayer was, m some respects,
unconstitutional, still it should be referred, as
had been done in the case of another petition
mentioned by him, "one part of which was sup-
posed to apply for an unconstitutional interference
by the General Government." On a division, the
memorials were referred, by a vote of more than'
three to one. Shortly after, and m regard to the
same memorials, the House came to a resolution
"that Congress have no authority to interfere in the
emancipation of slaves, or in the treatment of them,
within any of the States; it remaining with the sev-
eral States alone to provide any regulation therein
which humanity and true policy may require." Mr.
B. declared that he fully agreed to the doctrine of
that resolution. Over the subject of slavery in the
States, the States alone had any power. In the dis-
cussion of the resolution, that ground was dis-
tinctly taken; and ill the adoption of the reso-
lution, it was affirmed by the House. No such
doctrine was at that day heard of, as not receiving a
petition because some part of it prayed for objects
which Congress had no power to grant. No such
doctrine was known among the fathers of the Con-
stitution, the venerable fathers and founders of our
great political churches. It was a doctrine which
had grown up of late days, and had obtained all its
strength within a very few years past. Madison
had been against it; the first House of Representa-
tives had been against it; that body had affirmed, on
the contrary, the true principle of British liberty and
American liberty also. All our political fathers were
advocates of the right, of petition; and, though the
people might petition for things some of which were
in themselves unconstitutional, that was no reason
that they and their petitions were to be driven out
of doors.
If this principle were the true onej then it remain-1
