ii
CONGilESSIONAB' G1X)B&
B\it when he (Mr. H.) should ask the gentleman
to recognise him as his equal, then, but not till then,
should, he consider the gentleman entitled to enter
his protest on the journals of the House. He
should tell the gentleman that he «une here as tiie
Representative of the people of Missouri; ami that,
as such, he had as much right to his seat as that
honorable gentleman himself; and that he would
maintain his rights as one identified with the honor
and the Constitution of the country. He would
read a portion of the honorable gentleman's pro-
test, which he (Mr. H.) held to be so disrespectful
to the House, that he was sure, if the honorable
gentleman had reflected and duly considered its ef-
fect, he would never have signed the paper which
contained it.
Now, he would ask, was this respectful towards
members occupying the stations they did, or to-
wards the House itself, and the presiding officer
which it had chosen? He should not hesitate to
say that it was highly disrespectful; so much so,
that he would repeat what he had before said—that
he wras sure, if the honorable gentleman had duly
reflected, he never would have signed that paper.
His objections were not from any indisposition to
meet and discuss the question, but to the time and
manner of pressing it upon the House. He was
not willing to permit the case of the gentlemen who
were the subject of the protest, to be prejudged be-
fore they were heard.
Mr. HARALSON observed that the House had
been told by the gentleman from New York that
the paper was intended for those members—not so
much addressed to the House, as to them; and that
it was expected they would retire, and not partici-
pate in the organization of the House. If it was in-
tended as an address to those members, merely to
induce them to retire and not participate in the or-
ganization of the House, it ought not to be on rec-
ord on the journals of the House as a part of its pro-
ceedings; and he saw no better reason why it should not
appear there than that furnished by the gentleman's
argument. A great objection already urged, was,
that the paper was not respectful to the House. That
paper says. "Several pemm.s Aotn the State of New
Hampshire," (here individuals of that, and three
other States, are named,) "have been called by the
Clerk, are now in this hall, and have answered to
their nanKS m a manner to leave no doubt
that their intent and purpose is to vote with
the duly-elected Representatives of the people
here present m the election of Speaker, and
to act and participate fully in the organization of
the House of Representatives, as if they were'mem-
bers thereof." Now, did it not seem, apart from the
disrespect to those members and ihe House, that the
very matter in controleisy Mas assumed a.s a fact
that did exist? 13y what ri^ht did the gentleman
himself come as an elected Lieprcsentathe of the
people? Had he any better right to say that he was
a Representative of the people of his State, than the
gentlemen from New Hampshire, Georgia, Missis-
sippi, and Missouri? lie would ask, was not the
assertion that they were not the Representatives of
the people of their States, a prejudging of their
ease—a prejudging of a matter which the I louse
would be called upon hereafter to deride, should it
become the subject of conti<i\eisy; In proof that it
was a prejudging of the ca>e, jVlr. If. mad the fol-
lowing passage in (he protest:
"These facts are notorious, indisputable, and un-
disputed; they are known to all, and admitted by
ail. Failing to elect by districts, they have failed
to elect at all, for all legal and constitutional pur-
poses."
Why, this was the very question—a question yrt
to be tried; and, before trial, the House was called
upon tu place on record m its journals what pre-
judges the whole case. Was u not fair that the
gentlemen representing these fourStates should have
time and opportunity to investigate the contents of
this paper, and to prepaie lot their reply, when
the question comes? up? Again, this paper says:
''Election by general ticket is no election at alb1'
Was not this prejudging the question.' Again:
<kNo existing and valid law authorized any such
election to be held; and no election, therefore, has
been held in those States at which Representatives
for the 28th Congress could be eho-en."
"Why, here it is prejudged that no election has
been held. Was not that prejudging the whole
question' He would ask, could u he considered
that the case could be fairly argued when it should
come up? Did not the gentlemen who signed that
paper see the position in which they stood? He
hoped they would reflect upon it, and withdraw
their paper. When the proper committee is organ-
ized, and reports upon the subject, should it* be re-
ferred to it, the question will fairly come up, and
can be fairly investigated. He objected to this un-
fair and premature manner of forcing it upon the
records of the House. He would read another
passage from this paper:
"And as these States are not authorized by law
to hold an election by general ticket, or otherwise
than by districts, how can any officer or functionary
therein be authorized by law to make a return of
any such election ? We are not prepared to admit
that any person from any of these States can have
in his possession any legal documentary proof of
his election as a Representative for the 28th Con-
gress. We are well aware, however, that an at-
tempt, if now made, by motion or resolution, be-
fore the organisation of the House, to exclude these
persons from all participation in that art, would be
attended with great embarrassment and great delay,
and with the hazard of confusion, violence, and
anarchy m this hall.
"We have concluded, therefore, to content our-
selves, in this stage of the business of the House,
with declaring, in this formal and solemn manner,
our condemnation of a proceeding on the part of the
persons we have named, which, if performed, we
shall hold to be lawless and essentially revolution-
ary in its character, subversive of the Constitution,
and of all law and order, and tending directly to the
destruction of our free government. We declare
that we shall regard the election of Speaker, if ef-
fected by the votes of these persons, as an illegal
election, and a legal fraud upon the nation; and we
shall not fail or cease, after this body shall have
been organized, and in t)ie progress of the session,
to make every effort within our competency to vin-
dicate the law, to purge the House, and bring it
back to a condition of constitutional soundness."
To purge the JTouse ! as if there was something
offensive 111 it. Here was a decision of the very
matter yet to be tried. lie objected to this paper
for that reason,*as well as because it was a paper
wanting in lespect to the House and to the gentle-
man elected to preside o\er it.
Mr. HUNT of New York said it was w ith re-
luctance he had risen to take any part m the debate.
But, as one of the members whose names were at-
tached to this paper, he felt himself called upon to
make a few remarks. He did not purpose then
going into the merits of the question, but to inquire
as to the motives under which the minority had
acted in hrinnmg the subject before the TToust.
Those who had signed that paper, held that the law
of Congress, passed m 1^1:2, provides that the
State.* of this Union shall elect the members of this
House by districts, andthat this law is constitutional.
It was, then, from aconseicntiouaconvictionofthe
members whose names were attached to this paper
that the elections of members to form thi.-. House
should have been in conformity with th's law, that
they objected to those being participators m the
regular organisation of the House who had not
been elected in conformity with the law. It had
not been their object to disturb the preliminary
ou?ih!7atioii of the Rouse, and he did not then pro-
pose entering on (lie men is of the question. He
only intended replying to some of the, imputations
so freely indulged m by gentlemen who had al-
ready spoken. Tie and his friends considered it (o
be their riirht that the piper they hud offered should
appear on the journal of the House at that very
sta^'C of the proceedings—that it should there ap-
pear they considered this an illegal and unconsti-
tutional organization of the House. They did this,
looking to the magnitude of the result, and the im-
portance of the qiuSUon to the future character and
proceedings of the House. Ife. hoped that the
riiihl* of the minority would be considered, and that
they would be entitled to some respect from the
majority on that floo",
Mr. i^RAROSLEY referred to that part of ll.e
Constitution which provided that the journal of
each 1 Ton e should bea record of its proceedings; and
recapitulated the frets as to his colleague [Mr,
IS \uwarp] having yesterday offered a resolution, the
object of which was to place the paper he had on a
former day o.Oi-red to the Uoiue on the journals:;
and "laud that the question now was on tlie mo-
tion to coirecf the journals, by sinking out the
resolution of yesterday, ft was urged that this
resolution was disrespectful to the HU>use} and to gen-
tlemen, member^ of the House. He did not con-
sider this deciding, or passing a decision on the
question. The journal was to state what was done
in the House; and it was. subsequently in the power
of any gentleman to offer a resolution, stating the
reason why he considered it disrespectful to con-
tinue such record on the journal. He did not sup-
pose that the receiving of the resolution setting
forth the contents of the paper could be considered
as committing the House upon the question to
which that paper referred; for there were many
things spread upon the journals of the House
to which it could not be considered at all commit-
ted. lie would not himself feel committed by any
opinion which that paper expressed; for his con-
viction was, that the gentlemen from 'New Hamp-
shire, Georgia, Mississippi, and Missouri, were as
faiily here as any gentleman on the floor. He
should feel pezfectly free to vote on this motion,
without any apprehension that his vote would de-
cide the question of merit, and without any doubt
of the constitutionality of the gentlemen from these
four States having taken their seats for the organi-
zation of the House. He should vote against tha
present motion.
Mr. STILES considered the real question was,
whether the paper which was proposed to be read
on a former day, and was rejected, should be placed
actually on the journal of the House, among the
minutes of its proceedings. It was a question
whether the mere proposal to read a paper, en-
titled that paper, no matter what might be its
contents, to be placed upon the journal. The
very idea that it could, was in itself preposter-
ous. He would ask, would it be a proper min-
ute on the journal, to say that the gentleman from
New York had read the paper? Did the gentleman
read the paper in question? No, he simply pro-
posed to read it. Was, then, the mere proposal to
read that paper sufficient? Is there no distinction
between a mere proposal to do a thing, and doing
the thing itself? Could a mere proposal be con-
strued into an actual performance-5 The House is
to keep a journal of its proceedings. Was the
reading of that pap^r any pait of its proceedings?
That journal should present nothing but the actings
and doings of the House. How could the reading
of that paper, or the spreading of its contents on
the journal, be considered any part of the acting3
and doings of the House? "Vfrere the mere propo-
sals of a member the actings and doings of the
House? So far as the resolution of the gentleman
from New York goes to say that he proposed to
read a paper, it is correct. "But when that resolu-
tion gees further, and states the contents of the pa-
per, it is incorrect; because the House, not having
agreed to receive the paper, knew nothing author-
itatively of ita contents. Had they been known,
there would have been reasons growing out of the
nature of the paper itself, which would have ex-
cluded it from a place on the journal. The
impropriety would have been apparent, of taking
up a subject in that "way, which it would be
the duty of a regularly-constituted committee to in-
vestigate and report upon before this House should
at all act upon it. J f there was anything improper
or irregular in the election of these gentlemen, let it
go before that committee, and then come to the
House in its leport. The whole thing waft not on-
ly improper and incorrect in fact, but the manner in
whicn it was attempted to be done was unprece-
dented and extraordinary. The gentlemen of four
States were informed that they presumed to call
themselves members of that body. They had not
presumed to call themselves members of that body,
r our sovereign States, which had elected them a=?
tha'r Representatives, had presumed to call them
members of this House—had presumed not alone
to call them so, but to make them so. And this
prote«t declares the, act of ihesc sovereign States
lawless and subverr ive of the Constimtion°and Gov-
ernment. Yet this protect, which had not been
read, h to be spread upon the journal without cre-
ating embarrassment or delay/ fie could tell gen-
tlemen, that not until both Constitution and Gov-
ernment shall he numbered with the thmjj% that
were, can such a protest he spread upon the journal
of tins 1 Jousr, without creating not only great em-
barrassment, but 2rout delay.
Mr. WBLUER obs erved, filet for the purpose of
,";etliijo- rid of a motion po very embarrassing, he
should now move lo lay it on the table.
Mr. CKAPPELL inquired of the Speaker if the
motion to lay on the table would dispose of the un-
