M
CONGRESSIONAL GLOfiE.
a reduction of 20 per cent., had the amount made up
to them at the close of the last session; but we, (said
he,) are in the majority, and can do the same thing
if we find that the printers we elect sustain any loss
by their contract.
Mr. Mc"KAY observed, that that was the very
difficulty that he wished to avoid. He wished to
fix the compensation of the printer at a fair rate,
and, at the same time, effect a considerable reduction
to the Government. At the last Congress, the House
went into an election of printer under a resolution
• fixing the compensation at 20 per cent, less than the
scale of prices fixed by the resolution of 1819. The
consequence was, that, at the close of that Congress,
the majority passed an appropriation giving Gales &
Seaton, the printers, a sum sufficient to bring their
compensation up to the amount it had been reduced
from. By this kind of legislation, Gales & Seaton
received 437,000 more than they contracted to do
the work for. In the preceding Congress, the Dem-
ocratic party, then in power, elected their printers on a
reduction of fifteen per cent, below the prices of 1819,
who did the work at the prices fixed, and never
asked for additional compensation. Mr. McK., after
referring to the evidence collected by the committee
of 1819, for the purpose of showing what would be
a fair compensation for the public printing, express-
ed the hope that the reduction, as proposed m his
resolution, would be made.
Mr. FRENCH said many of them were new
members, and were, consequently, in some difficulty
liow to act; they were desirous to maintain a just
economy for the Government on the one hand, and
yet to pay the public printer an adequate compensa-
tion on the other. The difficulty with them was,
what was a just compensation; and that they might
act under,standingly, he hoped the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. McKay] would accept a prop-
osition from him, and incorporate it in his resolu-
tion, for the purpose of appointing a committee who
shall be instructed to inquire, and report to this
House, such rate of compensation to be paid to the
public printer, as shall maintain a just economy to
the Government; and that the rate of printing to be
hereafter paid shall be such as shall be fixed by the
House after receiving the committee's report. This,
he believed, would remove the embarrassment un-
der which they labored.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON was desirous that the
House should come to definite action, and therefore
he moved the previous question.
Mr. FRENCH hoped the previous question
would not be enforced. It was not his purpose to
delay the election of printer.
Mr. CAYE JOHNSON said he had no doubt
the gentleman from Kentucky had no such inten-
tion, but such would be the effect of his propo-
sition.
Mr. BARNARD inquired what would be the ef-
fect of the previous question?
The SPEAKER replied that it would cut off all
pending amendments.
Mr. BARNARD said this House was still acting
under the parliamentary law, and not under any
rules of this House.
The SPEAKER put the question on seconding
the demand for the previous question; and 60 voted
in the affirmative.
Mr. BARNARD said a single member could
second the demand for the previous question, un-
der the parliamentary law, which now governed
them.
Mr. STEENROD was of opinion that it required
a majority of the House to sustain the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. J. CAMPBELL called for the yeas and
nays on the question, Shall the mam question be
now put'
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The main question was then stated to be on the
adoption of the resolution of the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. McKay.]
Mr. WHITE asked if he understood the Speaker
to decide that the previous question cut off nil amend-
ments?
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. WHITE said the Speaker was m error.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON said the gentleman was
too late with his objection.
Mr. WHITE said this was the only proper time
at which it could be made; for this was tire time
when the Chair must decide on what the question
must be taken.
The SPEAKER said, as it had been deter-
mined that the main question should be now put, j
the House was brought to a direct vote on the ori-
ginal proposition; and all amendments were cut
off.
Mr. WHITE said, such he understood to be the
decision of the Chair; but he differed from the Chair
in opinion, and he wished to call the attention of
the Chair to the parliamentary law, under which
they were acting.
The SPEAKER said the question was not debata-
ble.
Mr. WHITE said he did not intend to debate
the question, but to show the Speaker that his
construction was an improper one.
Mr. BIDLACK submitted that the gentleman
from Kentucky was too late with his objection; the
Speaker having decided what would be the effect of
ordering the main question to be put, before th e
question was taken upon it. The gentleman from
Kentucky should have appealed when the decision
was made.
Mr. WHITE said, at the time to which the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania alluded, the Speaker
only explained the effect the vote would have, for
the information of the House. Be then proceeded
to call the attention of the Speaker, and of the
House, to the parliamentary law, and the various
modifications of rules in relation thereto made by
the House of Representatives in 1840, and at other
* periods.
Mr. JAMESON inquired if the question was de-
batable.
The SPEAKER said it \yas not.
Mr. WHITE said he mustiappeal from the de-
cision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER explained the grounds of his de-
cision.
Some conversation ensued, in which the SPEAK-
ER, Mi-. WHITE, and Mr. WELLER, partici-
pated.
Mr. DROMGOOLE inquired if the decision of
the House had not been, that the main question
should be now put—hi jiresenti.
Mr. WHITE admitted that the question must be
now put; but he wished to know what the question
was. He contended that it was on the amendments;
and, in support of his opinion, he quoted from Jef-
ferson's Manual.
Mr. ADAMS asked by what authority the rules
of the British Government were made, the rules of
tins House. He asked where was to be found the au-
thority for it'
The SPEAKER remarked that the question was
not debatable.
Mr. ADAMS. Well, I am asking a question. I
v. ant to know by what authority it is so.
Mr. C. J. IN&ERSOLL made a remark which
was inaudible at the reporter's desk.
Mr. ADAMS replied. Sir, I do not go to the
Supreme Court of the United States for the rules of
this House. Give me the authority for their use
here.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said it "was not because the
British Parliament had enacted them for this House,
hut because they were the rules of common sense.
But every body had a right to decide when it would
take any question.
Mr. ADAMS. I ask the question—
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts will come to order.
Mr. ADAMS. I ask the question: By what au-
thority the rules of the British House of Commons
are made the rules of (his House?
Mr. WHITE having reduced his point of order
to writing, it was read by the Clerk. It was, that
the previous question does not cut off amendments,
according to the parliamentary law.
The SPEAKER then put the question on the ap-
peal, in this Conn: "ShaJl the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the llous.e^' which was
decided m the affirmative almost unanimously.
The question then recurred on the adoption of the
original resolution; which was earned.
Mr. STROjNXt nominated Messrs. FMoir &.
Rives os the printers of this House.
Mr. COBB (not, probably, hearing Mr. Strong)
made a like nomination of Blair & Rives-
Mr. VANCE nominated Messrs. Gales & Sea-
ton.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON" moved that the election
be made viva voce; which was agreed to.
The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. Cobb of
Georgia, Vance of Ohio, and Cave Johnson of
Tennessee, as tellers to superintend the election; and, j
having taken the vote, they reported, by Mr. Cobb,
that the whole number of votes was - 197
Necessary to a choice - 99
Of which Messrs. Blair & Rives received 124
Messrs. Gales & Seaton - 62
Jacob Gideon - 1
For Blair fy Rives.
Messrs. Anderson, Arnngton, Atkinson, Beardsley, Ben-
ton, Bidlack, James Black, James A. Black, Blackwell, Bos-
sier, Bower, Bovlin, Boyd, Jacob Brinkerhoft*. Brodhead,
Aaron V. Brown, William J. Brown, Burke, Caldwell, Gary,
Catlin, A. A. Chapman, Clinton, Cobb, Cross, Cullom, Dana,
Daniel, Richard D. Davis, J. W. Davis, Dawson, Dean, Dil-
lingham, Douglass, Dromgoole, Duncan, Dunlap, JCllis, El-
mer, Farlee, Fickim, Foster, French, Hale, Hamlin, Haral-
son, Hays, Henley, Hernck, Hoge, Hopkins, Houston,
Hubard, Ilnbbell, Hughes, Hungerford, James B. Hunt,
Charles Ingersoll, Jameson, Cave Johnson, Andrew
Johnson. George W. Jones, Kennedy, Preston King-, Kirk-
patriek, Labranche, Leonard, Lucas^ Lumpkin, McCauslm,
Maclay, McClellan, McClernard, McConncll, McDowell,
McKay. Mathews, Moore. Joseph Morris, Murphy, Norns,
Owen, Parmenter, Payne, Pettit, E. D Potter, Pratt. Purdy,
Bathbun, D. S. Re id. Reding, Relfe, Rhett. Robinson, Russell,
St. John, Saunders, Thomas H. Seymour, David L. Seymour,
Simons, Simpson, Slidell, John T. Smith, Thomas Smith,
Robert Smith, Steenrod, Stetson, John Stewart, Stiles,
Stone, Strong, Svkes, Taylor, Thompson, Titbals, Weller,
Wentworth, Wheaton, "Williams, Wilkin*?, Woodward, Jo
seph A. Wright, Yost, and Mr. Speaker—124
For Gales &? Seaton*
Messrs. Adams, Ashe, Barringer, Barnard, Milton Brown.
Jeremiah Brown, Buffington, Carroll, Chappell, Chiltonj
Clingman, Collamer, Cranston, Garrett Davis, Deberrv,
Dellet, Dickey, Dickinson, Fi«h, Florence, Foot, Fries,
Giddings, Willis Green, Grinnell, Grider, Hardin, Harper,
Hudson, Washington Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Irvin,
Jenks, Perley B Johnson, Daniel P.ICing, Mclivaine, Marsh,
Edward J. Morris, Moseley, Nes, Newton, Peyton, Phcenix,
Elisha R. Potter, Ramsey, Charles M. Read, Rogers, Sam-
ple, Schenek. Senter, Severance, Albert Smith, Andrew
Stewart. Thomasson. Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Vsnmeter,
Vinton, White, and Winthrop—6:2.
Fc/r Jacob Gideon.
Mr Gilmer—1,
Messrs. Blair and Rives were therefore declared
duly elected the printers of this House for ?he
28th Congress.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, moved that the House
proceed to the election of Sergeant-at-arms; viva
voce. The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, nominated Newton
Lane, of Kentucky.
Mr. CHILTON, of Virginia, nominated the Ser*
geant-at-arms of the last Congress, Mr. Eleazer M.
l^ownsend.
The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. Brown o
Indiana, Chilton of Virginia, and Weller of
Ohio, as the tellers to superintend the election; and,
having taken the vote, they reported, by Mr.
Brown, that the whole number of votes given
was - - - - - , X84
Necessary to a choice - - - - 93
Of which Mr. Newton Lane received - -128
Mr. E. M. Townsend - - - - 56
The following is the voter
For Newton Lane-
Messrs. Anderson, Arrington, Atkinson Beardsler,
Benton, Bidlack, James Black, James A. Black, Blackwell,
Bossier, Bower, Bowlm, Boyd, Jacob Brinkerhofl; Brod-
head, Aaron V. Brown, William J. Brown, Burke, Caldwell.
Campbell, Cary, Catlin, Augustus A. Chapman, Clinton,
Cobb, Cross, Cullom, Dana, Daniel, Richard D. Davis, John
"W. Davis, Dawson, Dean, Dillingham, Douglass, Drom
r goole, Duncan, Ellis, Elmer, Farlee, Fieklin, Foster, French,
Fnck, Gilmer, Hale, Hamlin, Haralson, Hays, Henley Her-
rick Holmes, Hoge, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hubbell,
Hughes, Htmgerford, James B. Hunt, Charles J, Ingersoll,
Jameson, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Kennedy,
P. King, Kirkpatriek, Labranche, Leonard, Lucas, Lump-
kin, McCauslen, Maclay, McClellan, McClernand, McCor,-
nell, McDowell, McKay, Matthews, Mooie, Joseph Morris,
Murphy, Xes, .\orris, Owen, Parmenter Pavne, Pottit Em-
erv D. Potter, Pratt, Purdy, Rathbun. Dai !d 'S Reid. Reding,
Relfe, Hitter, Robinson. Russell, St. John, Saunders, Thorn-
as H Seymour, David L. Seymour, Simons. Slidell Thomas
Smith, Robert Smith, Steenrod, Stetson, John Stewart Stiles,
Stone, Strong. Sykes, Taylor, Thompson, Tibbatts, "Wel-
ler, Wentworth, Wheaton, Williams, Wllkins, "W ise, Wood-
w ard, Joseph_A. V, right, Yost, and Mr. Speaker—1
For K. fir. Townsmrl.
Messrs. Adams, Ashe. Barringer, Barnard. Milton Brown.
Jeremiah Brown, Bufflngton, Carroll, Chilton. CoUamer,
Cranston. Garrett Davis. Deberrv, Dellet, Dicker.Dickinson,
Tnsh, Horence, Foot, Giddings," w. Green, Gr'ider, Hardin,
Harper, Hudson, U ashiiigton Hunt, Trvin, Jenks, Perl^v B
Johnson, Daniel p. King, Mclivaine, Kdward J. Morris,
luoseley, Newton, Patterson, Peyton, Ehshall. Potter, Ray-
ner, Rogers, Sample, Schenek, Senfcyr, Severance, Albert
Smith, Andrew Stewart, Thomasson, Tyler, Vance. Vinton,
White, Winthrop, and William "Wright—56.
Mr. Newton Lane was therefore declared to be
duly elected.
Mr. MURPHY offered a resolution, to4he effect
that Jesse E. Dow be appointed the Doorkeeper of
this House,
