CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-m
Mr. DROMGOOLE wished the House to pro-
ceed viva voce.
Mr. MURPHY consented, and withdrew liis
resolution.
Mr. BARNARD asked if the resolution was in
order.
[Cries of "It's withdrawn."]
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi renewed tlie
motion, that the House proceed to the election of
Doorkeeper.
Mr. BARNARD still desired to submit to the
Chair, if the unfinished business in relation to the
amendment of the journal had not now the prece-
dence ?
The SPEAKER assented.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved the further post-
ponement of that business; which was agr^d to.
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi then renewed
his motion that the House proceed to the election of
Doorkeeper viva vacc: which was agreed to.
Mr. JAMESON nominated Jesse E. Dow.
Mr. WINTHROP nominated Joseph Follansbee.
The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. Jameson,
Winthrop, and Thompson the tellers; who took
the vote, and reported (by Mr. Thompson) that
the whole number of votes was - - 177
Necessary to a choice - - - 89
Of which, Jesse E. Dow received - 125
Joseph Follansbee - - 52
The following is the vote:
For Jesse E. Dow.
Messrs. Anderson, Arrington, Atkinson, Beardsley, Ben-
ton, Bidlack, James Black, James, A. Black, Blackweil,
Bossier, Bower, Bowlin, Boyd, Jacob Brinkerhoff", Brod-
head, Aaron V. Brown, William J. Brown, Burke, Caldwell,
Campbell, Cary, Catlm, Augustus A. Chapman, Clinton,
Cobb,' Cross, Cullom, Dana, Daniel, Richard D. Davis John
W. Davis, Dawson, Dean, Dillingham, Douglass, Drom-
goolc, Duncan, Ellis, Elmer, Farlee, Ficklin, Foster, French,
Frick, Gilmer, Hale, Hamlin, Haralson, Hays, Henley. Her-
rick, Holmes, Hoge, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hubbell,
Hughes, Hungeriord, James B.Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll,
Jameson, Cave Johnson, A. Johnson, G. W. Jones, Kennedy,
Preston King, Kiikpatrick, Labranclie, Leouaid, Lucas,
Lumpkin, McCanslin, McClellan, McClernand, McConnell,
McDowell, Mc-Kay, Mathews, Moore, Joseph Morris, Mur-
phy, Nes, Norris, Owen, Farmenter, Payne, Pettit, Potter,
Furdy, Eathbun, David S. Reid, Reding, Relfc, Hitter, Rus-
sell, St. John, Saunders, Thomas H. Seymour. David L.
Seymour, Simons, Simpson, Slidell, John T. Smith, Thomas
Smith,Robert Smith, Steenrod, Stetson, John Stewart, Stiles,
Stone, Strong, Sykes, Tajior Thompson, Tibbatts. Weller,
Wentworth, Wheaton, Williams, Wise, Wood v.-aid, Joseph
A. Wright, Yost, and Mr. Speaker.—lid.
For Joseph Follansbee.
Messrs Adams, Aslie, Barringer, Barnard, Milton Brown,
Jeremiah Brown, Carroll, Chilton, Clmgman, Cranston
Garrett Davis, Deberry, Dellet, Dickey, Dickinson. Fish
Florence, Foot, Giddings, Willis Green, Grinnell, Under
Hardin, Harper, Hudson, Washington Hunt, Joseph R. In
gersoll, Irvin, Jenks, Perley B. Johnson, Darnel P King
Mcllvaine. Edward J. Morris, Moseley, Newton, Patterson
Peyton, Ravner, Rogers, Sample, Schenck, Senter, jUber
Smith, Andrew Stewart, Tliomasson, Tilden, Tylei, Vance
Vinton, White, and Winthrop.—52.
Mr. Jesse E. Dow was, therefore, declared duly
elected.
Mr. WELLER moved that, when the House ad-
journ, it adjourn to meet on Monday next. The
usual practice, he believed, was to allow a couple of
days in the first week of the session, for the organ-
ization of the committees.
The SPEAKER remarked that, if the House
would indulge him, he would make a brief explana-
tion, which had been suggested by the remarks of
the gentleman from Oluo.
A memorial had been to-day presented by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, from Mr. Botts of
Virginia, contesting his right to a seat in the House;
and this appeared to him to render it proper that he
should ask the House that, in the appointment of
its standing committees, he should be relieved from
the duty of appointing the Committee of Elections,
which was to pass on his own case. He felt him-
self compelled to make this request, as well in jus-
tice to Mr. Botts, as on account of the delicate po-
sition in which he was placed.
Mr. PARMENTER then offered a resolution,
that the Speaker appoint the standing committees
of the House, except the Committee of Elections.
The Speaker here left the chair; which, at his
request, was taken by Mr. Beardsley of New
York.
Mr. McKAY suggested that it would be better to
adopt the resolution in relation to the rules, before
acting on this resolution. There were now no rules
fixing the number of the standing committees; and
this resolution was, therefore, premature. He
hoped the gentleman from Massachusetts would,
under these circumstances, withdraw hie resolu-
tion.
Mr. PARMENTER replied, that his resolution
included all the standing committees, except the
Committee of Elections.
Mr. WISE suggested that the resolution for the
adoption of the rules came up as the order of the
day, in consequence of the postponement till to-mor-
row of the resolution in relation to the correction of
the journal.
Mr. CHARLES J. INGERSOLL hoped that the
House would not adjourn without oidering the
printing of the annual report of the Secretary of
the Treasury.
Mr. STRONG observed that the resolution of the
gentleman from Massachusetts referred to the stand-
ing committees under the rules of the House, while
the House had, as yet, adopted no rules. There-
fore, if the House adopted this resolution, it would
order the appointment of committees under rules
which had no existence.
The question was then put on Mr. Parmexter's
resolution; and it was carried.
Mr. WELLER then renewed his motion that the
adjournment of the House to-day should be to
Monday next.
Mr. DROMGOOLE appealed to the House not
to adopt any resolution for a recess until they had
adopted rules for the government of their proceed-
ings.
Mr. HOPKINS suggested that, before they agreed
to adjourn over to Monday, it would be better for
the House to proceed to the election of the Com-
mittee of Elections. The Speaker would then know
who were appointed on that committee, and would
thus be relieved from fhuch difficulty and embarrass-
ment in the appointment of the other standing com-
mittees.
The CHAIR stated that the question must be
put on the motion of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Weller.]
The question was then taken, and decided in the
affirmative—ayes 95, noes 56.
So the House determined that its adjournment of
to-day should be to Monday next.
Mr. HOPKINS moved that the House procecd
to the election of the Committee of Elections.
Mr. ADAMS said that he had a communication
to make to the House, that would necessarily be
followed up by an adjournment. Pic mentioned this,
in order that the House might dispose of any neces-
sary business before it was made.
The CHAIR informed the gentleman that there
was a motion pending to go into the election of a
Committee of Elections.
Mr. ADAMS observed that the appointment of a
committee by the House now, would be apt to cre-
ate the very impressions the Speaker wished to
avoid. The committee was to consist of nine mem-
bers; and he, foi one, was not piepared to designate
them. If they went into the appointment of a Com-
mittee of Elections now, it would appear as if the
whole thing had been settled beforehand, and, in-
stead of relieving the Speaker from suspicion, it
would appear as if there was a packed committee.
Mr. SAUNDERS hoped, after the remarks of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, that the House
would at once go into the election of the committee.
If they adjourned without appointing the commit-
tee, it would be an admission of the justice of the
gentleman's remarks. He, for one, as a friend of
the Speakei, never heard of this thing before, and
he was confident that it was equally new to most of
the members of the House.
Mr. GILMER observed that lie was in the same
situation with the Speaker, for his seat had also been
contested. He therefore hoped that the House
would not put him on the committee: and he desired
to express the hope that the House would award to
his competitor a fair and liberal committee, fie did
not wish to hold his seat for a single instant, if he
could not make it more than manifest that he had
received a majority of all the legal \ otes in his dis-
trict.
Mr. DAVIS here moved that the House do now
adjourn; which motion was rejected.
Mr. HOPKINS here modified his motion so as
to require the vote to be given viva voce.
Mr. GILMER asked to be excused from voting.
Mr. THOMPSON confessed that he was not
prepared to go into this election. Not anticipating
that lie should be railed on to make this appoint-
ment, he had not thought of the persons proper to
constitute the committee. He therefore renewed
the motion to adjourn.
Mr. WISE suggested that the shortest course
would be for some gentleman on the Democratic
side to nominate the Democratic portion of the
committee, and for some gentleman on the .Whig
side to nominate the Whig portion of the committee;
and he pledged himself to vote for the gentlemen
thus nominated. 1 '
The question was then put on Mr. Thompson's
motion to adjourn, and decided in the negative- . -
Mr. C. JOHNSON presumed there would be no
difficulty in making the elections on the plan sug-
gested by the gentleman from Virginia. He hoped,
therefore, some gentleman would nominate the
Democratic portion of the committee—say six, which .
would be a fair proportion; and that some Whig
gentleman would nominate the other three.
Mr. CARROLL proposed as a substitute for Mr.
Hopkins's motion, that the present incumbent of the
chair [Mr. Beardsleit] have the appointment of the
Committee of Elections.
Mr. DROMGOOLE was opposed to the motion
of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Carroll,]
as it would be an unprecedented thing to vest the
appointment of one of the most important of the
standing committees in an individual member of the
House. The motion designated him as the present
incumbent of the chair—a circumstance which the
journal took no notice of; for, unless the Speaker was
absent for a day, it would not be noticed on the jour-
nal. If a resolution.had been offered to vest the
appointment of this committee in any other indi-
vidual member, would it not have been thought a
most extraordinary motion ? And yet the accidental
circumstance of the gentleman from New York be- ,
ing in the chair did not alter the case. He begged
to be understood as not meaning the slightest disre-
spect to the gentleman in the chair, in making these
remarks.
Mr. BEARDSLEY remarked that, for reasons
which he could not then offer, he would not desire
to have the appointment of this committee.
Mr. WISE regretted to differ with his colleague,
but he thought the appointment of this committee
by the gentleman in the chair would be very; proper
and exceedingly convenient, as it would relieve the
House from much trouble. The House usually
gave the appointment of all its standing committees
to the Speaker, who, in one sense, was but an indi-
vidual member, and who, in making his appoint-
ments, exercised the authority of the House, and
not his own. Mr. W., after commending the spirit
of fairness and liberality in which the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Carroll,] a Whig member,
had made his motion, expressed the hope that the
House would adopt it.
Mr. NEWTON objected to the resolution, that
it would not relieve the Speaker, as the appointment
of the committee would be made by a gentleman
that he had placed in the chair. He begged to be
understood as not casting any imputation on the
Speaker, or the gentleman from New York; but it
appeared to him, that if there was any impropriety
in the appointment of the committee by the Speaker,,
the same objection would apply to the appointment
the gentleman from New York.
Mr. OWEN said that the objection which the
gentleman from Virginia had made to the. nomina-
tion of the committee by the present incumbent of
the chair, seemed to him without force. The ob-
jection was, that that gentleman was "the appointee
of the Chair." But he was not the appointee—and
that was the point of importance—with any possible
reference to the present contingency. There was not
even a possibility that the Speaker could have anti-
cipated such a proposition as that which had most
unexpectedly come from the other side of the House.
The House knew this; the country would know it.
Then, too, the proposal itself came from theminori
ity—from that minority, whose rights in this matter
it was just and proper that we should respect. The
gentleman now in the chair was, then, so far as the
present proposal was concerned, not the appointee of
the Speaker; and the most overstrained delicacy
could find, in the mere agency of the Speaker in
ceding the chair to him, no valid reason why the
duty of appointing this committee should not de-
volve upon the Speaker pro tern. To save time, and
avoid confusion, he hoped the motion would pre
vail.
The question was then taken on Mr. Carroll's ,
substitute, and it was carried—ayes 98, noes 48.
So the appointment of the Committee of Elec-
tions was vested in Mr. Beardsley.
The CHAIR laid before the House several Exec-
utive communications, which were laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed, as follows:
A report from the War Department, in reply to
