Jan. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
39
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Black.
H. of Reps.
of Western gentlemen—the one as an evidence of
the enterprise of New York, the other as a speci-
men of liie integrity of her sons. The gentleman
from Indian.i spumed (lie assistance of such a peo-
ple. When tins Government—under the guidance
of ambitious leaders, seeking to perpetuate their
power by corrupting and bribing the States—dis-
tributed among the States the proceeds of the pub-
lic lands, New York refused to pollute her hands,
or to receive the offered bribe. §80,000 of this fund
she has safely deposited m hank, awaiting the de-
mand of a legal owner She does not believe in the
right of this Government to distribute the proceeds
of the public lands among the States, while a vast
national debt was accumulating, and to tax the peo-
ple of the States to supply the deficiency. He did
not believe that the Constitution authorized the col-
lection of taxes out of the pockets of the people,
for the purpose of distribution among the States;
nor did he believe that New York would ever con-
sent io become the recipient of bounties thus ac-
quired—certainly not at the hands of a Government
iii debt $30,000,01)0, and that debt increasing at the
rate of Jo,000,000 annually.
Some gentlemen have spoken of hostility to the
"West—particularly the gentlemon from Indiana,
[Mr. Kennedy.] The North and East have no
such feeling towards the West: the South certainly
has none. He had seen no disposition, any-
where, to do anything to the prejudice of
the Western country. The interests of the East
and West, and of all portions of this country, are so
intimately connected that you cannot injure one
portion or section without injury to the whole. We
are one nation, one people; all our interests are de-
pendent—identical. He regretted that an appeal had
been made to Western men to rally together against
the rest of the Union; and he regretted still more to
hear the honorable gentleman of South Carolina
[Mr. Holmes] respond so cordially to that call.
He feared that gentleman was too ready to enter
into combinations of any sort against the North
and East. He doubted whether the honorable mem-
ber had looked at the whole subject, or reflected
upon the consequences which might result from
such combinations. He was satisfied that, upon
reflection, that gentleman would agree with him—
that local and geographical distinctions or com-
binations are highly injurious and dangerous to the
prosperity of this country. Sir, there is another
reason why this amendment should not prevail,
and also strongly in favor of all reasonable appro-
priations for the improvement of the Western rivers.
First, the preservation of ordei and unity of design,
and the maintainance of the national character of
those rivers; and, m the second place, to open the
national domain upon those waters to the pioneers
of the West. That public domain is in market;
and it is desirable that this Government should not
only find purchasers, but also that those lands should
be brought mto cultivation. To effect this, you
must improve the rivers and lakes, open outlets for
the products of those lands to Northern, Southern, or
Eastern markets. If gentlemen were anxious to see
the rapid march of civilization westward—to see the
forests disappear, and towns and cities spring up
in every portion of that mighty West—if the West
desired new States to spring up and become their
neighbors—let them adopt a liberal policy in regard
to the public improvements of the whole country;
thus securing the confidence, friendship, and assist-
ance of every portion of the Union.
We have been told by one gentclman from Il-
linois, [Air. Ficklin,] that the purchase of Govern-
ment lands was a constant drain upon the money
of that eonntry ; that it is all carried away, and that
this had produced a bad currency—broken banks; and
that that state of things will continue as long as the
cause existed. He inquired where those land pur-
chasers came from. Are they raised in the West?
No, sir. They are from the older States—from the
South, the East, and the North. The purchase-
money of these lands is carried away fiom the old to
the new Slates; the dram is upon them in then-
population and wealth. The people of the West 
the emigrants to the West—are our people. Among
them are our fathers, brothers, relatives, and friends.
In them and their interests the whole mass of the
people of the older States are deeply concerned.
He was not to be trammelled by State boundaries or
imaginary lines. He and his constituents enter-
tained the same regard for all other portions, as for
the West. Our motto is, the whole Union.
Gentlemen have pointed to the fortifications and
the custom-houee m New York, and the Military
Academy at West Point, as monuments of national
bounties to that Siate. The West Point Acadcmy
is a national institution, in which every member
upon this iioor will find his co-representative. This
Capitol might as well be charged upon New York.
In his opinion, it was for the interests of New York
to abolish that institution; and he pledged himself
to this House that, if any gentleman, in the process
of that retrenchment so imperiously demanded by
the necessities and the public opinion of the whole
country, would introduce a bill to abolish it, he
would vote for it. Some gentlemen are continually
talking about wars—anticipating war—aisxious to
provide for war He had no fear of war. In his
opinion, the civilized portion of the world has become
too enlightened to resort to the barbarous and brutal
practice of cutting each other's throats upon every
trifling difficulty. The use of gunpowder and steam
has changed the character and policy of the civilized
world. Negotiation has taken the place of the imple-
mentsof destruction. But, sir, if gentlemen would pre-
pare for war, in his opinion the best preparation
was, to improve and extend the internal and exter-
nal commerce of the country. Foster commerce,
and you encourage labor and industry ; increase the
products of the country, producing energy and en-
terprise in the people, wealth and prosperity to the
country. Pay off the national debt; show to the
world that your pecuniary resources are inexhausti-
ble—that you are powerful in men and money, the
sinews of war; and war will never come to desolate
the land. The Military Academy is a nursery of
soldiers, for which the country has little employ-
ment. He was willing to dispense with them, and
relieve the people from the burden of their support
and maintenance. Why is it that the New York
harbor has been fortified? Do gentlemen who have
complained of it understand the leason? Sir, neaily
one-third of all the commercial shipping in this
Union belongs there. Your navy-yard is there;
your custom-house is there—more than half of
all your revenues is there collected. There is
a city containing a population greater than that
of many of the smaller States of this Union. |
If New Orleans required like appropriations,
for the same reasons, he was ready to sup-
port them. His colleague [Mr. Barnard] had said
"that the estimated expense of improving the
Western rivers was $8,000,000, and he had ho
doubt it would require much more." He avowed
himself ready to vote that appropriation, or an ap-
propriation of $15,000,000, if it would complete
those works, "and borrow the money." Mr. R. could
not go with his colleague in support of any prop-
osition to borrow money for the purposj^f "internal
improvements anywhere. He had an tPrer abhor-
rence to running up a great public debt in time of
peace. We have now a national debt of about
^30,000,000. The interest upon that debt is a mil-
lion and a half of dollars annually. He would give
no vote to increase that debt a farthing. On"the
contrary, it was his duty, as one of the "Represent-
atives from the State of New York, to endeavor to
carry out, ill the affairs of tins Government, the
wise measures and the honest policy pursued by
that State. He was in favor of retrenching the
expenditures, and , reforming existing abuses in
every department of this Government.
He appealed to Western gentlemen to investigate
this subject. Let them show to this House and to
the country that the means can be proi ided to carry
on their system of improvement without adding to
the public debt. He pointed them to the army; the
navy; officers' fees and salaries; and the waste and
profligacy existing every where. Here wereabundant
resources, if properly husbanded. Let the pinning
knife be applied, and he had no doubt that sufficient
funds might he obtained to improve the commerce
among the States to a considerable extent. He
would go farther. He called the attention of gen-
tlemen to the expenses of this House. They are
too much. Its sessions are too long. Let us beg-in
here. We should put our hands in our own pock-
ets. The travelling fees of members are twice what
they should be. The per dtem of members will
bear some reduction. He hoped thegentlemen from
the West would help correct these things. It will
furnish an unerring test of their regard for the pros-
perity of their Western rivers. He would be hap-
py to see gentlemen imitate the example of the peo-
ple of the State from which he came—tax them-
selves. Self-taxation was a sure test of the patriot-
ism of any man.
The tariff had been alluded to by his colleague,
[Mr. Barnard.] That gentleman had more confi-
dence in the operation and workings of the tariff, as
a panacea for all evils, than he had. He would in-
quire how it happened that, while the importations
amount, in the year, to $100,000,000, the tariff
revenue is only $16,000,00$ When he examined
that tariff as it now existed, he found the duties im-
posed by it ranging from five per cent. to six hun-
dred per cent. Was there prohibition in that tariff?
He asked gentlemen to explain these things. Is the
tariff too low, or too high, for revenue? That some-
thing was wrong, must be obvious to every man.
He insisted that it was the duty of Congress to do
one of two things: either to increase the revenues
sufficient to support the Government, and pay off the
public debt, or to reduce the expenses of the Gov-
ernment so as to effect that object. He should not,
at this time, enter into any discussion of the tariff.
He desired to await the action of the Committee of
Ways and Means.
He had but a word to add, and he. had done. In
all his remarks in reference to the improvement of
the rivers and lakes of the country, he wished to le
understood distinctly that he should limit his sup
port to works of a national character, adopting a
limited and strict construction of the Constitution.
He was not in favor of internal improvement by this
Government. He did not believe the Constitution
conferred that power upon it, but that it was reserv-
ed to the States and to the people of the States.
This Government is only empowered "to regulate
commerce with foreign nations, and among the
several States, and with the Indian tribes." Beyond
this, slig has no power or authority; and every step
she takes is an infringement of State rights, and a
violation of the Constitution.
SPEECH OF MR. BLACK,
op georgia.
In the House of Representatives, Friday, January 5
1844—On the 21st rule. '
Mr. Dromgoole having moved to recommit the
report of the Committee on Rules, that it might ha\e
a reconsideration by a full attendance of the com-
mittee—
Mr. BLACK said he should vote for the motion
of the gentleman from Virginia to recommit; but he
desired to amend the motion, if he was in order in
doing so, for the purpose of bringing the House to
a test on the question, which was all important to
the Southern portion of this country. He proposed
to amend the motion of the gentleman from Vir
ginia by the addition of instructions to that commit
tee to report the 21st rule of the last Congress as one
of the rules of this House.
[The Clerk, at the request of the gentleman from
Georgia, read the l-ulc to which he referred. It was
the old 21st rule on the subject of aljplition petitions,
ill the following words:
■'No petition, memorial, resolution, or other pa-
per, praying the abolition of slavery in the ^District
of Columbia, or any State or Territory, or the slave-
trade betw-een the States or Territories of the United
States in which it now exists, shall be received by
this House, or entertained in any way whatever."]
Mr. Black proceeded to say, it was useless to
mince this matter. Sir, said he, I understand that
the rule just read by the Clerk is omitted in the re-
port ot.the committee; and my purpose in moving
this Instruction is to test the sense of the House on
a question of vital importance to the interests I
represent. 1 do this upon consultation with no man,
but in obedience to obligations which are paramount
to all other considerations; and, upon the mcstion to
instruct, I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. Gilmer rose to a question of order. He
contended that the report of the Select Committee
on Rules was no more a privileged question than
the report of any other committee. If in this he
was right, the subject was improperly before the
House, and the motion of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Dromgoole,] and the amendment of the
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Black,] were both
out of order. He regretted that there was so much
excitement in relation to this subject at tins time.
He had been two years a member of the House,
and he ne\er before heard the language of defiance
so boldly used as it had been this dayT He hoped
this report would take its proper place on the
Speaker's table; and when it came up in order, the
motion and its amendments would be in order.
Mr. Black desired to say a few words in reply to
the gentleman from Virginia. He had not expected
reproof from that quarter,
