40
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Duncan.
H. of Reps
Mr. Gilmer said he had not the gentlem an from
Georgia in his mind when he spoke. He was al-
luding to gentlemen upon the other side.
Mr. Black. Sir, I am glad the gentleman from
Virginia has made this explanation. But, Mr.
Speaker, without reference to what that gentleman
lias said, I certainly did intend, by the motion X have
submitted, to defy certain persons to whom it would
not be in order to refer by name. I meant to defy
the majority of the-committee, if it be their intention
to report a set of rules differing in this essential par-
ticular from those which governed the 26th and 27th
Congresses. I meant to defy the majority of this,
or any other House, if they intend to adopt these
rules, emasculated as they have been by the com-
mittee. I repeat that defiance now; and when it is
urged on me to keep cool, my only reply is, that my
constituents would be mortified and indignant if,
when their rights are invaded here, 1 should sit
silently by and keep cool.
Mr. Carroll called the gentleman to order. He
asked whether it was in order to bid defiance to a
committee of the House.
Sir, said Mr. Black, I do not intend to be out of
order; nor will I intentionally embarrass the House
or the Chair. If I shall transgress the order of de-
bate, the Speaker will set me right, and I will en-
deavor to go on in order. My purpose is simply to
ask for the yeas and nays upon my motion, ana to
submit that record to the "public eye;" and, in do-
ing so, I must be permitted to say that if I were to
exhibit, on this occasion, that degree qf coolness
which gentlemen seem so solicitous to impress upon
me—a coolness prompted perhaps by some motive
of policy, apart from the question itself, however
acceptable I might render myself to certain po-
litical interests, I am quite sure such calmness
and indifference would be anything but grate-
ful to those whom I represent. Gentlemen may,
if they think proper, treat this as a question of
policy, and contradistinguish it from principle;
and they may indicate, by their course here, that
policy is to have priority over principle. If there
be such combinations, and purposes to accomplish,
with whatever view, I know them not, and will
have nothing to do with them. For myself, I have a
high duty to perform, regardless of considerations
of mere party expediency; and that duty I will
perform fearlessly, at least, and independently of
trammels or discipline of any sort.
Sir, if I could be so lost to a proper sense of the
obligations which rest on me, as to witness these
attacks upon the interests of the South with a cool-
ness amounting to indifference, I should forfeit, as I
ought, the confidence with which the people of
Georgia have heretofore honored me. What, let
me ask, is the occasion of the excitement which I
confess I feel? A majority of the Committee on
Rules has reported to us a code for the government
of the federal legislation of the country, which will
permit the incendiary abolitionist, with treason in
Ins heart, and a he on his tongue, to walk into this
House, and, day after day, vilify, traduce, and insult
the whole constituency of the South. Shall I re-
main quiet and keep cool, when tins thing is being-
accomplished under my very eye? Sir, when the
South is laid cold, I, too, will be so; but not until
then.
Mr. Gilmer asked if the gentleman from Georgia
alluded to him.
Mr. Black. The recent explanation of the gen-
tleman from Virginia excludes him from my allu-
sion. I was saymg for myself, independently of nny
man, that I would not, and could not, keep cool when
preparations are making here, in our very midst, to
destroy the only restraint on these "friends of
human liberty," who are to be let loose in this hall
to assail, with all the weapons of falsehood and
vituperation, the institutions and interests I am here
to maintain and defend. No, sir. I will permit no
considerations of mere party policy to deter me from
a plain, palpable, immediate decision of this question.
I approach it with the same fearless determination,
and upon the same inflexible principle of right, with
which I shall approach the other great questions
winch divide and agitate the country, and in relation
to winch my constituents expect me to do my duty
to them, without consulting the political interests of
any man, or truckling to the temporizing policy of
party managers. Yes, sir; in utter defiance c f the
prudential considerations which, from a certain
quarter, admonish me to keep cool, I come forwaid,
and, before this House and the country, demand an
open, immediate, straightforward decision of this ab-
sorbing question. If the majority here is against us,
(and those who are not for us are against us,) I de-
sire to know it; I desire those who srent me here to
know it, and the sooner the better. But, Mr. Speak-
er, I will not believe that this House of Representa-
tives, in which we have a Democratic majority of
more than sixty votes, is against us on this question
of abolition. Shall I, by withholding this motion,
evidence a suspicion that this House is not to be
trusted? that the majority are about to play a game
with this question? "That they are attempting to pacify
the abolitionists by the reception of their petitions,
and thus secure their votes and influence in a future
contest for power and place; relying, the while, upon
the supposed gullability of the South; hoping to
keep her generous and confiding people in the ranks,
with fair promises, and protestations about the in-
expediency of immediate abolition, and the necessi-
ty of recognising the "right of petition?" Sir, I
will not give utterance to such a suspicion; for it
will be proclaiming trumpet-tongued to the South,
that their constitutional rights are regarded here
as of less importance than abolition votes. Wo, sir!
I will not believe it, nor will I admit it, until the re-
corded yeas and nays shall prove it beyond the reach
of my crcdulity. ,The motion I have made to in-
struct the committee to report the old 21st rule, and
drive the abolitionists from this hall, is, of itself,
proof that I confide in the Democratic party. Who
shall distrust them on this subject? I will not, until
your record shows that my confidence has been
abused. To doubt them now, would be treason;
to have that doubt confirmed by their own act, would
be to damn them at the South. Sir, the 26th Congress,
in which parties were nearly balanced, enacted this
conservative rule. Even the 27th (WHIG) Congress
re-enacted it. Shall I then fear to submit the same
rule to the Democratic majority of the present Con-
gress? Let those who are willing, take the responsi-
bility, and endeavor to stave off and avoid this ques-
tion, and pursue a course calculated to cast suspicion
on the majority of this House. I will not do it. I
submit this question to them as fearlessly as I shall
submit a revenue tariff to their decision. For my-
self, 1 rejoice that this opportunity is presented to
the party to record their vote—to put their hand-
writing on the wall. As an individual, I do it fear-
lessly; and I desire that every man here shall do the
same. It has grown into an honored custom of the
Democracy to enact this 21st rule at the opening of
a Congress; and that custom was a powerful argu-
ment with my constituents to confide in the Demo-
cratic party. Who shall say that it is reserved for
this Congress to blast all our hopes, and dishonor
and abi^our confidence?
Mr. Hp;akcr, I voted to reconsider the vote by
which this question was postponed; and I voted
against laying the subject on the table. It is whis-
pered around me that the postponement of the re-
port of the committee, or laying it on the table,
would leave the rules of the last Congress of force
in this hall. I know it. But I will" not resort to
this sort of legislative frneise to retain temporarily
what we have a right openly to demand as a per-
manent rule of the House. I will not con-
sent to juggle this rule into a sort of tempo-
rary, equivocal existence, by artifice and parliament-
ary manoeuvre. No sir; we ask it, we demand it,
boldly and fearlessly, but respectfully, of our polit-
ical friends, upon a direct vole. I want it openly and
directly voted, or not at all. Gives us the rule as
it stood in the last Congress, or vote it down. If
there be any flinching-, let us know it. Those who
are not for us are against us; there can be no half-
way house here. I have no policy, no compromise on
this question. The South has lost too much by
compromises to make her eager for them now. Talk
not to me of Democrat or Whiff, of policy or man-
agement, on this question; for, however I am dis-
posed to confide in my political brethren, when ab-
olitionism lifts its Gorgon head in this House, I
know no party but that which sustains the rights
and interests of my constituents, and the guaranties
of the Constitution. When this question conies
again before the House fi om the committee, I will
speak more at large on the subject. I have but to
repent emphatically the hope 1 'have so ardently in-
dulged, that the House will instruct the committee to
re-enact the old 21st rule, and drive from among us
the wild fanatic who would apply his torch to our
homes and habitations, and to this fair temple of liber-
ty. Admit him not into this hall; for he will, day
after day, cast firebrands among us, that will
eventually burst this glorious Union into a thousand
atoms. I ask, Mr. Speaker, that the yeas and nays
may be recorded on my motion.
REMARKS OF MR. DUNCAN,
op ohio,
In the House of Representatives, Saturday, January 6,
1844—In favor of abolishing the 21st rule.
Mr.-DUNCAN said he was pleased to have an
opportunity to set himself right before those he had
the honor to represent, as well as the country gen-
erally, on the subject of abolition. Some years
since, on the eve of an election, when a candidate
for a seat in this House, the executive committee for
the abolitionists of his district addressed him a com-
munication in writing, containing sundry interroga-
tories respecting the right of petition, the right of
Congress to abolish slavery in the District of Co-
lumbia, &c. In my answer, (said Mr. D.) I recog-
nised the right of petition as sacred and guarantied
by the Constitution, and claimed on the part of the,
people the right to judge for what to petition. I
deprecated slavery in the abstract, as an evil in it-
self, a political evil, and an evil to the slaveowner.
I also denounced modern abolitionism as an evil, as
I understood it, and a plan of emancipation which I
thought could not be consummated without evil to
the slaves, evil to the country, and violence to the
slaveholder, &c. Party spirit, at that time, ran
high; and everything was seized, by Whig dema-
gogues, out of which political capital could be man-
ufactured; and, for that purpose, the response in
question was garbled, and that portion of it which
recognised the right of petition, and exposed the
evils of slavery, was published in many of the Fed-
eral newspapers, with comments which the entire
letter would not have warranted; and those garbled
extraots and false comments were displayed by ev-
ery snivelling Whig whiflfet that could mount a
two-feet stump, to prove that I was an abolitionist.
It is for this reason that I have embraced the pres-
ent opportunity to show my true position on the
subject of abolition, as well as to show why I be-
lieve the twenty-first rule should be stricken out.
That rule prohibits the introduction of abolition pe-
titions, without exception or qualification.
The gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Clix'g-
man]—who made, yesterday, one of the most sensi-
ble speeches I have ever heard made in this House
on the subject of abolition—called the attention of
the House to one fact, which, if properly understood
and properly appreciated, must convince every one,
in this House and out of it, that the twenty-first
rule should no longer exist. That fact is this:
that it excludes the people of the District of Co-
lumbia from petitioning Congress on the subject of
slavery. If there were no other objection to that
rule, this alone, it seems to me, makes it imperious
on us to abolish it. The District of Columbia, to all
intents and purposes, is a State, and possesses all the
rights, powers, and sovereignty, politically consid-
ered, and in point of government, that any State in
this Union possesses. Congress is the legitimate
and constitutional Legislature of this District, and
possesses the same legislative powers over the Dis-
trict, that the several Legislatures possess over
their States. And the people of this District have
the same privilege, right, and power, to claim at the
hands of Congress such legislation for the redress
of their grievances, and the advancement of their
local and general interests, that the people of the
States have upon their respective Legislatures.
This position will not be denied. Suppose that
a majority of the people of one of the slave States of
this Union should become convinced that,slavery is
an evil, and that it retarded the progress of the
State, and that its prosperity would be advanced by
the abolition of slavery: what would be the course
and first step of its citizens to abolish slavery1*
Would it not be to petition the Legislature to take
such order as might be deemed most expedient to
consummate an object so desirable' Would any Le-
gislature, under such circumstances, and m such a
case, dare to adopt a rule that no petitions should be
received in favor of the abolition of slavery? Why,
sir, the adoption of such a rule, under such, circum-
stances, would produce instant revolution. Such'a
violation of the sacred and constitutional right of
petition would shake the community and the Re-
public to its foundation. An indignant community
would scout from the legislative halls such a repre-
sentation.
Now, sir, does it require any great stretch of the
imagination to suppose that the people in the Dis-
trict of Columbia may some dayliecome convinced
that slavery is an evil, and that it exists in violation
of philanthrophy, humanity, patriotism, natural
rights, and personal liberty, as well as political and
