42
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Duncau.
H. of Reps.
of things? No man's fireside, no man's person,
no man's family, no man's property, would be safe
by day or night. It now requires the whole ener-
gies of the law, and the whole vigilance of the
police of all our principal cities, to restrain and
keep in subordination the few straggling free ne-
groes which now infest them. What, then, I re-
peat, would be the consequence of a general eman-
cipation' Sir, every man would have to make laws
for his own defence; every man would be his own
police; every man would have to defend his gate
"while his family would sleep. I know of no plan
that could be adopted, which would be more likely
to result in the extermination of the African race in
America, than to restore them to immediate and un-
conditional freedom; and such, I believe, is the wish
of the modern abolitionists. I think the abolitionist
should pause in his wild and reckless career, when
he reflects that a consummation of his plans must
result in the extermination of the subjects of his
mistaken philanthropy; for, as sure as the day comes
that his plans are consummated, without means of
removal and colonization, (and I believe the aboli-
tionist proposes neither,) e very man will have to be a
soldier and a sentinel, and the watch-word and coun-
tersign will be, "Straight hair and a white skin;"
without which, no one will be permitted to pass
the lines: negroes will be shot as beasts of prey.
Permit me to ask the abolitionist, in the spirit of
candor and sincerity, what disposition is to be made
of the negroes when emancipated? Are they to be
made American citizens' Are they to be identified
with the white family? They are unqualified for the
former, and every American feeling abhors and sick-
ens at thelatter. Our free institutions and our noble
political fabric have cost too much to be intrusted,
even in part, to the care of the stupid African.
Tie neither possesses the intellect nor the vigi-
lance that qualifies him for the rights of an
American citizen; and their nature forbids that
they should form a part of the white family.
His color, his formation, and above all, the fog and
almost opaque effluvia that surround his body,
make it impossible that he should ever be the as-
sociate and companion of the white man. The ne-
gro is doomed to degradation, whether in slavery or
in freedom, on any "other soil and in any othei cli-
mate than that of Afiiea. The philanthropist ill
ask, are the evil and the curse of slavery to be per-
petrated? I answer, sufficient unto the day is the evil
thereof. There is a Providence who, in His own
tune, will correct the evil, and that correction will
be made through human ageney by His power and
wisdom, and directed by His sovereign will; and it
will be done ni such a manner as to save and pro-
tect. oi:i- free institutions, which were established
and guided by His wisdom; and it will be done, too,
it is to be hoped, without subjecting the African-
American race to the perils and almost sure exter-
mination wluch modern abolition would do i£con-
summated.
If it is not the intention of abolitionists to pirmit
the negroes, when emancipated, to remain in and
overspread the country, is it their intention to ship
them to Africa' If so, I ask, would that better
their condition' Would they not again become
the prey of other nations? It now requires the
united force of the British and American navies, at
nil immense national expense, to defend the coasts
of Afnra from slavers without; and if that principle
of national philanthropy weie complete, it would re-
quire os gr< at an expense to defend them within
from being made the prey, the slaughter, the pil-
lage, and the plunder of ea* h ether; to all of
whu'h the American negroes would be subject were
tiiey transported to Africa. Will it be con-
tended that they would rear and suppoit a
free and independent Government, which would
secure pea<'e and happiness to them' If thev would,
it would be the first time sm-e they have been a
race. They never have sustained either a free gov-
ernment or Christian institutions. They seem to be
made for petty despotism, and pagan religion.
There is no instance where they have ever maintain-
ed a fice government or Christian institutions for any
considerable length of time, unassisted and unpro-
tected by the white man. In every instance where
it has been attempted, they have become bankrupt
in morals, bankrupt in polities, bankrupt in religion,
and bankrupt in finance. There is no part of the
giohe ill which the Christian religion has been plant-
ed where it lias not taken root, grown, and flourished,
and brought forth its fruits, except in Africa; and
there, as often as it has been tried, it has withered
and died.
When Christianity supplanted paganism in Rome,
the Christian religion was carried, with the Roman
arms, to every part of her dominions. Roman con-
quests and the Christian religion went hand in hand
from the time Rome embraced Christianity. Africa
had her share: the cross adorned upwards of five
hundred churches in Africa, if I have read history
correctly. Those churches were partially occupied:,
and maintained a kind of show of Christian religion,
while the Roman standard was planted in Africa;
while the Roman eagles defended them; but no sooner
did they take flight, than the Christian churches be-
came the abodes of paganism. When Rome
crumbled and fell a prey to the northern barbarians,
the Christian churches and the Christian religion in
Africa fell a prey to the pagan gods.
Why is it that the Christian doctrine and free
- government can have no place in Africa? It is be-
cause the African wants the mind to understand and
appreciate the one, and the energy and love of liber-
ty to maintain and defend the other.
I suppose, by the geneially received opinion, we
are bound to believe that the African race is of the
human family, and that they are the sons and daugh-
ters of the same Adam and Eve from which the
white man has descended. It is a perplexing diffi-
culty to account for the wide difference which exists
between the white man and the negro, as well in
symmetry of body as in strength and vigor of mind.
Some eminent and talented writers have given the
negro a place in the scale of creation between the
white man and the animal creation; and such is the
contrast, that it is difficult to prove the supposition
erroneous. One thing is sure; and that is, that the
negro is as far below the white man in symmetry of
body, beauty of person, strength of judgment, and
vigor of mind, as the ourang outang of Borneo is be-
low the negro.
If the universal philanthropist is asked, what has
produced this mental and physical difference be-
tween the white man and the negro? his answer will
be, that it is the force and influence of soil, climate,
customs, habits, laws, and usages; and he will pre-
sent abundance of geographical and biblical argu-
ments in support of his reasons. I am not disposed
to dispute the question, whether the African has, or
has not, descended from the same Adam and Eve;
but that Bible from which the philanthropist draws
his strongest reasons m favor of the affirmative, gives
this world an age of six thousand years; within
which time this great difference has been effected.
But I am unwilling that the entire age of the world
shall be allowed for this change; the philan-
thropist must bring his calculations within
one-hgJjteOOO years;) for sacred writ informs us that
JVIoses*n!d a black wife, from which we must infer
the negroes were black at that early day. The Car-
thagemans organized regiments of Afncan negrops
m their wars with the Greeks and Romans. The
negroes were then black, and as stupid as they are
now. But little confidence wasplaced either in "their
skill 01- courage. They were put in the front of the
battle, to prevent flight, and were always officered
by Carthaaenians.
The Romans were in the habit of making slaves
of a part of those they conquered, but they never
made slaves of the Africans, (or to no great extent,)
for the reason that they were too stupid and lazy;
and for the reason, too, that their persons were of-
fensive. The beautiful Greek, and the haughty and
lofty Asiatic, were thrir slaves; so that the African
was not only black at that time, but he was then, as
he is now, stupid, lazy, and suffocatingly offensive.
I have a question to put to the. venerable gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams.] It is a hard
question to answer; but if there is any man in this
world who can answer it, he is that man. I will put
the question in the rule of three, but I will not con-
fine him to that rule to find the answer. He may
take what rule he pleases, either in morals, or math-
ematics, geography, ethics, or Scripture; and if the
venerable gentleman should find any difficulty m
solving the question, perhaps he can draw upon" his
"friend and pitehcr," my colleague, [Mr. Gidbings,]
who is posted in the rear, who thinks and acts with
him m all questions that appertain to the political
rights and domestic condition of the negro. And
now to the question; but first a prelude. It is up-
wards of three hundred years since the Portuguese
commenced the slave trade; from that time to the
present, nearly all of Europe, and the Americas
(since their discovery) have been over-spread with
slavery and with negroes. From that time to this
have the negioes and their descendants enjoyed the
benefits of European climate, European laws, cus-
toms, habits, and usages; and yet the negro and his
descendants are the same as when he was first intro-
duced. No perceptible change has been produced.
His skull is as thick, his hair is as kinkey, bis nose
as flat, his lips as large, his shin as crooked, his heel
as long, his foot as flat, and his skin as black, as
they were the day he was first introduced. About
the same time, or before the introduction of slavery,
the Portuguese made settlements on the coasts and
in the interior of Africa. Those settlements have
been occupied by Europeans from that time t'o the
present; and, although they have lived under the
same sun that made the African black, and have
trod the same sands that made his foot flat, yet the
European remains as he was when he was first in-
troduced, without assuming any one feature,
either in mind or body, of the negro: and
this leads me to the question which I desire the
venerable gentleman to answer. It is this: If the
climate, the laws, the usages and customs of
Europe, will do nothing to change the mental and
physical character of the negro in three hundred
years, what change would six thousand years—the
supposed age of the world—produce' But another
question presents itself, and which, I presume, may
be answered by the same rule. It is: If the influ-
ence of the same sun which turned the African
black, and stamped on him all the characteristics of
the negro, has produced no change on the European
for the term of three hundred years, what change
would six thousand years—the supposed age of the
world—effect? Now, sir, the negro is or is not the
brother of the white man. If he is, that extraordi-
nary difference which I have attempted to portray,
and which exists, can be accounted for; and if he
is, he comes in, by Divine authority, and by the
command of the Saviour of mankind, for an equal
participation of that brotherly love which we owe
to each other; but if he is not, it is vain to attempt
to impose him upon the American white man, as
entitled to all the rights and privileges of an Ameri-
can citizen and Christian brother; for he is incapa-
ble of appreciating the privileges of an American
citizen, or of enjoying the brotherly love of a
Christian. He is incapable of defending the rights
of an American citizen, or of appreciating the value
of the Christian religion.
Let no honest man, who is serious in his desire
that slavery should be abolished—who thinks his
reasons are well founded, and who has no other
object to serve than that which he professes—take
exceptions to what 1 say against abolition and aboli-
tionists. The worst I dare say of him is, that I think
he is mistaken in his philanthropy. It is dema-
gogues and hypocrites that I denounce. It is them
and their abolition hoax that I ask the Democracy
to denounce.
Mr. Speaker, we have had some high times here
on the subject of abolition. I have wished often that
the whole American family could have been eye-
witnesses of them. They would have come
to the same conclusion that I have—that is,
that modern abolition is a miserable and con-
temptible hobby, worthy of demagogues. To those
who witnessed the scenes of 1837-'8, and '40,
m this House, description "is unnecessary. To
those who did not, description is impossible. We
saw wars which threatened the knife, and the knife
to the hilt, between the Northern abolitionist and
the Southern slaveholder. "We of the West stood
back and looked on, like a poor man at a dance, and
called the war a tempest in a tea-pot. All that was
necessary to put an end to the war for the time, was
to raise a question involving a party principle or a
Democratic measure, when, with wounds smarting
and bleeding, abolitionists and slaveholders (Whigs)
were instantly in each other's embrace. Abolition
was a small matter, when "the union of the Whigs
for the sake oj the Union'" was called for, or when
the union of the Whigs for the overthrow of De-
mocracy was called for; and in the great political con-
test of 1840, which resulted in the overthrow of the
Democracy, we saw that union consummated—a
union oi the slaveholding Whigs of the South with
the abolitionists of the North. The Democracy had
done much in this House to quiet the South, and
defend their domestic institutions. Mr. Van Buren
made himself well understood on the subject of,
and against modern abolition. And, as a further
evidence of the correct position of the Democracy, I
will refer you to the course pursued by a Democratic
Legislature in Ohio. The abolitionists in the State
of Ohio had been engaged, to an alarming extent, in
abducting slaves from Kentucky, concealing them,
and transporting them to Canada,
