Jan.1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
43
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Fine on General Jackson—Mr. Douglass.
H. of Reps.
The Legislature of Kentucky established a com-
mission, appointed, commissioners, and sent them
with authority to urge upon the Legislature of Ohio
the importance and necessity of taking such order as
would secure the citizens of Kentucky m the pos-
session of their property. In compliance with that
commission, a law was passed by the Legislature,
called the fugitive law, with such provisions, pen-
alties, and forfeitures, as satisfied the commissioners
and all concerned, and, 1 believe, fulfilled the objects
of the commission. The Democracy, at that time,
had a majority in both branches of the Legislature.
I have not the journals; but I know that the Democ-
racy generally voted for the law, and the Whigs
generally voted against it.
In the contest of 1840, the Democracy protested
against the unholy and unnatural coalition between
the South and the abolitionists of the North and
elsewhere. The Democracy claimed (and had a
right to expect) the united efforts of the South in
support of their principles, and of their party, in re-
turn for the support which the Democracy had given
them and their institutions; but when support was
claimed, they were answered, in substance, that, of
all eviis, the measures pursued by the then Demo-
cratic Administration were the greatest—wc will
take another time to put down abolitionism—we
must first put down the Democratic party. When
the Democracy pointed the Whigs of Kentucky to
the fugitive law as a Democratic measure, and as
one which the Whigs not only opposed, but de-
nounced, the response of their stampers was, that
Kentucky could take care of her own institutions;
they wanted no Ohio protection. Sir, I am more
and more convinced, every day, that aboli-
tionism is nothing but a miserable hobby. We
have seen it introduced here expressly to make
capital for home consumption. It has long been
ridden as a hobby. I have seen it loaded with
abolition Whigs and slaveholding Whigs from head
to tail, whip and spur. I repeat, it is a hobby, used,
as anti-masonry wasjused—to distract and divide the
Democratic party. At this moment, many of the
most zealous abolitionists are most zealously sup-
porting Mr. Clay for the next presidency, who is
himself a slaveholder, and in every way identified
with the slave institutions of the South. Abolition
was used in 1840 to overthrow the Democracy. It
will be used in 1844 to defeat the Democracy. It
had then no other object; it lias now no other object.
The abolition Whigs row one way and look another.
They proft-ss one set of principles, and practise an-
other; while they profess to be opposed to the con-
tinuance of slavery, they unite in the support of men
for the highest offices who are slaveholders, and
bound to perpetuate slavery. Whig slaveholders,
or their Representatives here, unite with abolition
Whigs in order to make political capital for home
ure. I appeal to the Democracy of this House, and
I wish I could appeal to the Democracy throughout
this Union, to have nothing to do with abolitionism,
but to scout it wherever they meet it. It was first
introduced, and lias since been continued, to decene,
gull, divide, and distract the Democracy. Hands
off! I say, Democrats. If this demagogical sham
fight is to be kept up, let it be between the abolition
Whifis and the Whig ab< liuoivsts; between the
slave-holding Whigs and the Whig slaveholders.
Look on it with the same indifference as to which
whips, as the Indian did on the fight between the
skunk and the rattlesnake. Abolition was always a
contemptible hobby; it is more ho now when its pur
pones have been disclosed. It is lean, long, lank, and
shaggy; worthy to be ridden by abolitionists and
slaveholding Whigs—political demagogues, so far as
abolition is concerned.
No sound and intelligent Democrat can be an ab-
olitionist. His attachment to the permanency and
duration of the Union will prevent him. His attach-
ment to fhe preservation of the sovereignty and in-
dependence of the Slates, will prevent him. A love
for peace, good order, and the liberties of his com-
mon country, will prevent him.
Gertlcmen talk here about the dissolution of the
Union, in connexion with abolitionism, as if a few
mistaken philanthropists swayed the ^destinies of
this great ^public and confederation. This repub-
ic stands on too firm a basis to be shaken by such
influences. This Union is bound by ties too strong
to be severed by an influence so small, having for its
object a consideration so trifling as the mere abolition
of slavery in the District of Columbia. But South-
ern gentlemen say that the eftort to abolish slavery
in the District, of Columbia is a mere entermg-
wedge; and the object is to sever the Union, by
abolishing slavery in the States. Be it so. If that is
the object of the abolitionists, they have made poor
headway. They have been mauling for ten years,
and they have not even yet got the wedge entered, and
they never will. I tell you, sir, when the question
of the abolition of slavery comes seriously to be
considered by any considerable portion of this
community, the people of the free States will re-
quire to be consulted. When the time comes that
the negroes are all to be set free, either from the
force of moral influences, patriotism, or domestic
or political economy within the slave States them-
selves, the free States will, in part, dictate the terms.
They will never consent that a wave so destructive,
a cloud so black shall, be thrown over their prospects,
as that which would be produced by overspreading
the country with three millions of a population of
such a color and such a character. I say now to
the slaveholding States, that the free States will
claim to dictate the terms on which they shall man-
umit the slaves; and those terms will be, either to send
them beyond the limits and jurisdiction of the United
States, or provide for them at home, and keep them
within the limits of their 'ownStates. If anything
could endanger this Union, it would be a refusal on
the part of the slave States to comply with such terms
in the event of general manumission. But let us not
anticipate difficulties so great, calamities so over-
whelming. I repeat, sufficient unto the day is the
evil thereof. Our Union is in no danger; and, to
keep it safe, disunion is a word which should be
used with extreme caution. It is a word winch
should be reserved for greater and more important
occasions than the mere petitioning of a mere part
of a mere fraction for the abilition of slavery in the
District of Columbia. All that is required to pre-
serve this Union, and to perpetuate it, is to permit
the Federal Government to move in the orbit con-
templated by our ancestors, and defined by the Con-
stitution; to permit the States to move in their orbits,
and each department in each State in its orbit,
and we have nothing to fear. All this vast political
fabric will move with the harmony of the great
planetary system which it resembles. The wisdom
of Him who made worlds directed the plan of our
Government: it is the workmanship of sages and he-
roes. That wisdom which directs the movements
and maintains the balance of worlds, will direct the
movements of our Government: all we have to do is
to obey, and permit our political fabric m each de-
partment, to move in the direction and in the order
which its Architect intended it should, and which
our own constitutions direct; but if we arrogate wis-
dom to ourselves which does not belong to us, and
exercise powers and control which the Constitution
does not authorize, and which the framers of our
Government never intended we should; when the
Representatives of the Federal Government shall ar-
rogate to themselves the right to interfere with the
institutions of the States, to exercise powers foreign
to the purposes for which the Federal Government
was enacted, or to establish systems of policy
which shall benefit one section of the country
to the injury of another, or to benefit one
class of society to the prejudice of another; or
when one State, or the citizens thereof, shall
assume the control of the institutions of another,
or trample upon its reserved.rights and infringe its
sovereignty and independence,—each and all of
these will be fundamental infractions; and, if persist-
ed in to execution, must and will result m a dissolu-
tion of the Union. They will be a destruction of
the compact upon which the Union was brought
into existence. It becomes every patriot, every
friend to his country, every lover of the human
family, and of human liberty, whether in office or
out of office, whether bound by oath or hig;h pnnci
pies of patriotism, to oppose every invasion, when
and wherever made, upon the principles on which
the sacred compact was established, or the pnvi-
leges and powers which it secures as well to the
States as to the citizens of the States in their indivi-
dual capacity.
I say again, we have nothing to do but permit the
Federal Government, and the State Governments,
and the several departments in each, to move in the
spheres and orbits m which their respective consti-
tutions direct them; that being done, our Constitu-
tion is safe, our Union is safe, our free institutions
are safe; but if ever this great federal planet is thrown
from its balance by undue legislation, or the exer-
cise of powers not delegated to the Federal Legis-
lature, the result will be disunion, confusion, an-
archy, and devastation; and, though it may neither
bo the end of time por the beginning of eternity, yet
to us it will be, so far as life is worth possessing,
in its effects, "the wreck of matter and the crnwh of
worlds."
SPEECH OF MR. DOUGLASS,
of illinois,
In the House of Representatives, Jamutry 7, 1844~-
In Committee of the Whole.
The question being on the amendment offered by
Mr. Stephens, of Georgia, to the bill introduced by
Mr. C. J. Ingersoll, of Pennsylvania, to refund
the fine of $1,000 assessed upon General Jackson
by Judge Hall in 1815-—
Mr. DOUGLASS rose and said:
When this bill was introduced by the learned
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. C. J. Inger-
soll,] I entertained thejiope that it would be per-
mitted to pass without discussion and without
opposition. But the character of the amendment
submitted by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Stephens,] and the debate which has taken place
upon it and the original bill, have been of such a
nature as to justify and require the friends of the
bill to go into a discussion of the whole subject.
For one, I am not disposed to shrink from the in-
vestigation of any question connected with this sub-
ject; nor am I prepared to acquiesce silently in the
correctness of the imputations cast upon the friends
of this measure by gentlemen in the opposition.
They have been pleased to stigmatize this act of
justice to the distinguished patriot and hero as a
humbug—a party trick—a political movement, in-
tended to operate upon the next presidential elec-
tion. These imputations are as unfounded as they
are uncourteous; and I hurl them back, in the spirit
which they deserve, upon any man who is capable
of harboring—much less expressing—such a senti-
ment. It ill becomes gentlemen to pr6fess to be the
real friends of General Jackson, and the exclusive
guardians of his fame, and to characterize our ef-
forts as sinister and insincere,—while, in the same
breath, they charge him with violating the Constitu-
tion and laws, and trampling with ruthless violence
upon the judiciary of the country. They seem to
act upon the principle that the most successful mode
of blackening the character of a great and good
man is to profess to be his friends, while making
unfounded admissions against him, which, if true,
would blast las reputation forever. If these are to
be taken as Use kind offerings of friendship, well
may the old hero pray God to deliver him from the
hands of his friends, and leave him to take care of
his enemies.
I insist that this bill has been brought forward
and supported m good faith as an act of justice—
strict, rigid, impartial justice to the American peo-
ple, as well as their bravest defender. The country
has an interest in the character of her public men;
their unsullied fame gives brilliancy to her glory.
The history of General Jackson is so inseparably
connected with the history of his country, that the
slightest blot upon the one would fix an indelible
stain upon the other. Hence the duty, the high
and patriotic duty, of the Representatives of the
people, to efface every unjust stigma from the spot-
less character of that truly great man, and transmit
his name to posterity adorned with all the charms
which the light of truth will impart to it.
The charge of exerting arbitrary power and lawless
violence over courts, and Legislatures, and civil in-
stitutions, in derogation of the Constitution and laws,
and without the sanction of rightful authority, have
been so often made and reiterated for political effect,
that doubtless many candid men have been disposed
to repose faith in their correctness, without taking
the pains to examine carefully the grounds upon
which they rest. A question involving the right of
the counu y to use the means necessary to its defence
from foreign invasion, in times of imminent and im-
pending danger, is too vitally important to be yield-
ed without an inquiry into the nature and source
of that fatal restriction which is to deprive a nation
of the power of self-preservation. The proposition
contended for by the opposition is, that the gene-
ral in command, to whose protection are committed
the country, and the lives, propeity, and liberties of
the citizens within his district, may not declare mar-
tial law, when it is ascertained that its exercise, and
it alone, can save all from total destruction. It is
gravely contended that, in such an awful conjunc-
ture of circumstances, the general must abandon ail
to the mercy of the enemy, because he is not au-
thorized to elevate the military above the civil
