CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
* <
death, and upon the duties of the living to the dead.
He spoke of two friends whom it was natural to
believe that he should survive, and to whose memo-
ries he intended to pay the debt of friendship. Yain
calculation! Vain impulsion of generosity and
friendship! One of these two friends now discharges
that mournful debt to him: the other* has written
me a letter, expressing his "deep sorrow for the un-
timely death of our friend, Dr. Linn."
Mr. BENTON then offered the following resolu-
tions:
K Resolved unanimously, That the members of the
Senate, from sincere desire of showing every mark
of respect due to the memory of the Hon. Lewis
F. Linn, deceased, late a member thereof, will go
into mourning, by wearing crape on the left arm for
thirty days.
Resolved unanimously, That, as an additional mark
of respect for the memory of the Hon. Lewis F.
Linn, the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said: I rise, Mr. Presi-
dent, to second the motion of the Hon. Senator from
Missouri, and to express my cordial concurrence in
the resolutions he has offered.
The highest tribute of our respect is justly due to
the honored name and memory of Senator Linn; and
there is not a heart here that does not pay it freely
and plenteously. These resolutions are but respon-
sive to the general feeling that prevails throughout
the land, and will afford to his widow and his or-
phans the consolatory evidence that their country
shares their grief, and mourns for their bereave-
ment. *
I am very sensible, Mr. President, that the very
appropriate, interesting, and eloquent remarks of
the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Benton] have made
it difiicult to add anything that will not impair the
effect of what he has said; but I must beg the indul-
gence of the Senate for a few moments. Senator
Linn was by birth a Kentuckian, and my coun-
tryman. I do not dispute the claims of Missouri,
his adopted State; but I wish it to be remembered,
that I claim for Kentucky the honor of his nativity;
andt by the great law that regulates such precious in-
heritances, a portion, at least, of his fame must de-
scend to his native land. It is the just ambition and
right of Kentucky to gather together the bright
names of her children, no matter in what lands their
bodies may be buried, and to preserve them as her
jewels and her cro<vn. The name of Linn is one of
her jewels; and its pure and unsullied lustre shall
long remain as one of her richest ornaments.
The death of such a man is a national calamity.
Long a distinguished member of this body, he was
continually rewarded with the increasing confidence
of the great State he so honorably represented; apn
his reputation and usefulness increased at every
step of his progress.
In the Senate his death is most sensibly felt. We
have lost a colleague and friend, whose noble and
amiable qualities bound us to him as with "hooks
of steel." Who of us that knew him can forget
his open, frank, and manly bearing—that smile,
that seemed to be the pure, warm sunshine of the
heart, and the thousand courtesies and kindnesses
that gave a "daily beauty to his life?"
He possessed a high order of intellect; was
resolute, courageous, and ardent in all his pursuits.
A decided party man, he participated largely and
conspicuously in the business of the Senate and the
conflicts of its debates; but there was a kindliness
and benignity about him, that, like polished armor,
turned aside all feelings of ill-will or animosity. He
had political opponents m the Senate, but not one
enemy.
"General Jackson.
The good and generous qualities of our nature
were blended in his character;
" and the elements
So mixed in him, that Nature might stand up
And say to all the world—This was a man."
The resolutions were then adopted; and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 12,1843.'
The minutes of yesterday were read by the Clerk.
COMMITTEES OP THE HOUSE.
The standing committees were this morning an-
nounced, as follows:
Of Ways and Means.—Messrs. McKay, Lewis, J.
R. lngersoll, Dromgoole, Barnard, D. L. Seymoui*
Weller, Chappell, and Norris.
Of Claims.—Messrs. Vance, Thos. Smith, Cobb,
A. Johnson, Bowlin, Strong, Stephens, Clingman,
and Ramsey.
On Commerce.—Messrs. Holmes, Dunlap, Win-
throp, Phoenix, P. King, Hale, Labranch, C. M.
Reed, and McClellan.
On Public Lands.—Messrs. J. W. Davis, Boyd,
Collamer, Hubard, Houston, Rayner, Jameson, Mc-
Clernand, and Patterson.
On the Post Office and Post Roads.—Messrs. Hop-
kins, Kennedy, Grinnell, Stiles, Hardin, Dana, D.
S. Rcid, Relfe, and Jenks.
For the District of Columbia.—Messrs. Campbell,
Kirkpatrick, A. Stewart, W. Green, G. W. Jones,
Chilton, Robinson, McCauslin, and Bower.
On the Judiciary.—Messrs. Wilkins, Saunders,
French, Dillingham, Burt, Vinton, Pettit, Dickey,
and Catlin.
On Revolutionary Claims.—Messrs. R. D. Davis,
Arrington, D. P. King, Lucas, Stone, Stetson,
Brodhead, R. Smith, and Senter.
On Public Expenditures.—Messrs. Clinton, Red-
ing, Cranston, A. H. Read, Mathews, Grider,
Purdy, Sykes, and P. B. Johnson.
On Private Land Claims.—Messrs. Cross, Slidell,
Dellet, J. A. Black, W. J. Brown, Cary, E. R. Pot-
ter, Severance, and Rodgers.
On Manufactures.—Messrs. Adams, Collamer, Bel-
ser, Hudson, Woodward, Irvin, Moseley, Lumpkin,
and Cranston.
Oil Agriculture.—Messrs. Deberry, Anderson,
Farlee, St. John, J. Brown, B. Green, Hays, Hen-
ley, and Florence.
On Indian Affairs.—Messrs. Cave Johnson, J.
Thompson, Foot, J. B. Hunt, Bidlack, W. Hunt,
Benton, Hughes, and Vanmeter.
On Military Affairs.—Messrs. Haralson, Coles,
Irvin, Boyd, McConnell, Hardin, Bossier, Mc-
Dowell, and Fish.
On Militia.—Messrs. Dean, John Stewart, Mose-
ley, Tibbatls, Moore, Foot, Bower, Hays, and
Frick.
On Naval Affairs.—Messrs. Wise, Parmenter,
Barringer, Murphy, Simpson, Peyton, T. H. Sey-
mour, Atkinson, and Marsh.
On Foreign Affairs.—Messrs. C. J. lngersoll,
Rhett, Beardsley, Gilmer, White, Dawson, Sample,
Thomasson, and Williams.
On Revolutionary Pensions.—Messrs. Rathbun,
Steenrod, Rodney, Simons, Hungerford, Giddings,
J. A. Wright, Hoge, and Mcllvaine.
On Territories.—Messrs. A. V. Brown, Duncan,
E. J. Morris, Daniel, Houston, Tyler, Tibbatts,
Wentworth, and Milton Brown.
On Invalid Pensions.—Messrs. Jacob Brinkerhoff,
Russell, Ashe, J.Morris, R. Smith, A. Smith, Nes,
Cullom, and Tilden.
Oil Roads and Canals.—Messrs. Owen, Steenrod,
White, MaclayJ Reding, Ficklin, Dickinson, Car-
roll, and Frick.
On Patents.—Messrs. Harper, J. Black, Russell,
John Stewart, and Severance.
On Public Buildings, Sj-c.—Messrs. Pratt, Leon-
ard, Hudson, W. Wright, and Winthrop.
On Revkal and Unfinished Business.—Messrs. E.
R. Potter, Hubbell, Foster, Buffing-ton, and E. D.
Potter.
On Accounts.—Messrs. McDowell, Taylor, Her-
riclc, Wheatoii, and Rodney.
On Mileage.—Messrs. Cobb, Ritter, Perley B.
Johnson, Henley, and Farlee.
On Expenditures i:i the State Department.—Messrs.
Rogers, Blackwell, J.T.Smith, W. Green, and
W. Wright.
On Expenditures in the Treasury Department-—
Messrs. Caldwell, Yost, Tilden, Anderson, and
: Ashe.
On Expenditures in the War Department.—Messrs..
Mcllvaine, Kennedy, Arrington, Grider, and A.
Johnson.
On Expenditures in the Navy Department.—Messrs.
Dana, Kirkpatrick, Vanmeter, Buffington, and Sen-
ter. /--■
On Expenditures in the Post Office Department.—
Messrs. Harper, D. S. Reid, T. Smith, J. Brown,
and Nes.
On Expenditures on the Public Buildings.—Messrs.'
D. P. King, Dawson, Taylor, W. Hunt, Ramsey..
On the Library.—Messrs. Burke, Marsh, and Ma-
clay.
Mr. PAYNE, who was appointed chairman of the
Committee on Privileges and Elections, asked to be
excused from serving in that capacity on that com-
mittee. In making that request, he begged leave to
say that he had no desire to avoid any responsibili-
ty in relation to that committee, nor did he fear the
labor which would devolve on its chairman; his prin-
cipal reason for desiring to be excused from serving
was, that he knew he was physically incapable of
performing the duties assigned to him. He trusted,
under these circumstances, the House would excuse
him. The committee, during the present session,
would have very burdensome duties; and he felt that
he could not discharge them satisfactorily.
The CHAIR (Mr. Lynn Boyd, who occu-
pied the place of Mr. Jones, who on all occasions
retires from the chair when the committee of
Elections is before the House) put the question, and
Mr. Payne was excused.
THE JOURNAL.
Mr. BARNARD now rose, and moved to amend
the journal of yesterday, by placing thereon the fol-
lowing:
Resolved, That the journal of yesterday, in that part which
relates to the resolution of amendment offered by Mr. Bar-
hard on Tuesday last, the 5th instant, the motion of Mr.
Gilmer to strike out a part of the resolution, and the vote
by yeas and nays taken yesterday on thatpiotion, be amend,
ed so as to state the question as follows: The part of the re*.
solution of Mr Barnard proposed to be stricken out, was
in the following words, namely: "And that the journal be
further amended, by inserting the, following paper as that
offered to be read, to wit: The roll of Representatives," Sec.
[Copy the protest.]
rtr. DROMGOOLE rose to object to the recep-
re oof the proposition of the gentleman from New
neuk. It would be seen that it was an attempt to
flthad on the journal what the House, over and
seesr again, had refused to insert there. It was, per
ov,disrespectful to the House. He did not charge
po mover of it with any intention to be disrespect-
lY; but the paper itself was disrespectful, under the
circumstances; and hence he objected to its reception
by the House.
Mr. BARNARD said he was fully prepared for
such a movement as that which was now made by
the gentleman from Virginia. It did not at all sur-
prise him, though he confessed he was pained by it.
He was only surprised that such a movement had
not been made when he first offered his resolution
to amend the journal, so that the majority might
have suppressed the whole matter at once. This
was a motion to amend the journal of the House;
and it was an attempt to amend the journal of yes-
terday, and not of any preceding day. It was a
motion which, he insisted, was perfectly respectful
in its terms, inasmuch as it simply proposed to
amend the journal, so that it should state a question
which was taken yesterday by yeas and nays, in
such a manner as that it would be intelligible;
whereas, as the journal now stands, that question
was altogether unintelligible. If that was not a
respectful motion, he did not know what was.
Mr. DROMGOOLE remarked that he had not
accused the gentleman from New York with being
desirous to be disrespectful; he had separated the
individual from the paper itself.
Mr. BARNARD said the gentleman from Vir
ginia could not have forgotten the debate of yester-
day on this subject. He knew there was a differ-
ence of opinion between them, but he (Mr. B.)
stood upon the Constitution; and he insisted that
neither himself nor his proposition was disrespect-
ful to the House, or to any portion of it; for the
Constitution gave to him, as a member of the mi-
nority of the House, the right to put that paper on
the journal of the House.
He had no disposition to trouble the House with,
this matter any longer, by getting up a further pro-
tracted debate; he was willing to submit the matter
to the House. He had learned that the journal, as
it stood, was unintelligible; for the journal of Tues-
day did not record truly the procesdings of the
