Jan. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'b
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Improvement of the Western rivers, &>'c.—Mr. Seymour.
tt. of RepsT
Mississippi, the artery which drains the great
ley of the West. Gentlemen have spoken of the
the
valley
importance of the trade which passes down that riv-
er. I propose to speak of the trade which, passing
up from that river, finds its way, by another commu-
nication, to the emporium of the commerce of the
nation. This I shall attempt, not for the purpose of
making any invidious comparisons, but lest, in the
"ardor which has been manifested in this discussion
in reference to what are called "Western interests,
this interest, which is as much Western as Eastern,
and is more national than either, shall be overlooked.
It has been well said by a gentleman who
has preceded me in this discussion, that there
are two great avenues to the trade of the West,
through which the products of that region are
to be carried to the marts of commerce; one of
these avenues is that chain of inland seas
which skirt our Northern frontier, and connect with
the Hudson mer by the Erie canal. Have gentle
men, who speak of the vast commerce going down
the Mississippi, looked at the map of our country,
and measured die extent of interests embraced by
Northern commerce' Have they looked at the nav-
igation upon these lakes, and at the States and Ter-
ritories which through these waters transport their
surplus products' These lakes constitute a most
important channel of trade for six States and Ter-
ritories—States and Territories which are increasing
as rapidly in population and wealth as any other
portion of the Union. The rapidity of this increase
may be discovered in the increasing trade of the
port of Buffalo alone, through which the most of it
passes. The quantity of wheat received at that
port from the West during the season of navigation
which has just closed, is larger, by a million of bush-
els, than it was the last season. In the same time
the whole trade has increased; so that, during this
season, the number of arrivals and departures at
the port of Buffalo is stated, upon good authority,
to have amounted to five thousand eight hundred
. and eighty-four. But although nature has opened
this navigation to us, the interests of the nation
• need something more. True, the attention of Gov-
ernment has, for many years past, been called to
, this great avenue of trade; but not, in my hum-
ble opinion, in a manner corresponding with its
importance. I know that appropriations have
• been made for the purpose of improving the har-
bors and mouths of rivers which empty into the
Northern lakes; but, after all, the increasing
products and population of that country have far
- outstripped the attention which Government has
given to the subject.
Not only are these improvemente needed by our
citizens, but there are other considerations which
should direct the attention of Congress to this high-
• way of the nation. Nature has opened it; but if
we are to avail ourselves of what she has done, we
must apply the hand of art, and perfect the means
of communication which she has afforded us.
Our neighbors at the North are not asleep on this
subject. The policy of Great Britain has always
■been to engross the commerce of tlie world. This
policy has involved her m war with nearly every
nation on the continent of Europe. It has carried
her arms to China, and into the recesses of India.
She is watching the increase of this Republic in
wealth and population; and although she has not
been able to hold us as colonists, she is endeavoring
by her policy, to drive from us, by the means of
trade, the very wealth which she had hoped to ex-
tort from us by her power. Her grasping ambition
■ oil this side of the Atlantic, is not. confined to the
bleak plains of Canada, nor the shores of Oregon;
she already seeks to embrace the "Great West."
And, for the purpose of monopolizing the trade of
the Northern lakes, she is employing her immense
revenue in enlarging the Welland canal, and con-
structing a ship canal on the St. Lawrence. The
latter canal, it*is anticipated, will reduce the ex-
' pense of transportation from the Northern lakes to
' Montreal at least thirty-three per cent.
We are not left in doubt as to the designs of Great
. Britain and her colonial government. In an able
report made to the Provincial Assembly of the
Canadas, in 18-12, this language is used: "If
the colonies of the British Empire are maintained
at a great expense for the sake of their trade,
. the securing and controlling that of the West-
ern States, and making them in effect colonies for
the like purposes, is an object of no ordinary mo-
ment, particularly when it can be ontained without
, expense, or even negotiation." This, sir, is the
Jangiiage of truth. These are the views of enhght-
(4)
ened legislators. They show us that, if we suffer
the line of intercommunication between the West
and the city of New York to be in any part of its
course interrupted, this darling object of British cu-
pidity will be gained: the trade of the West will
flow down the St. Lawrence, instead of the Hudson.
The latter may then be, indeed, what the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Kennedy] has sneeringly called
it, a "springbranch."
I said, sir, that I had not risen to eulogize the
West, nor have I, indeed, to applaud the State
which I have the honor in part to represent; but, as
some remark's have fallen from gentlemen in the
progress of this discussion reflecting in some degree
(perhaps not with intended direspect) upon that
State, or a portion of it, it becomes me to say a
word upon that subject. We were told the other
day, that this improvement, alluded to by my col-
league, [Mr. Barnard,] of the navigation of the
Hudson, had hung like a "dead weight" upon the ap-
propriations of Congress.
As a citizen of New York, I cannot hear such
language used in reference to that State, without re-
ferring gentlemen briefly to her career of internal
improvements. Nature, sir, had placed at the foot
of Lake Erie an impassable barrier. There the
water transportation, by the way of the lakes,
must have ended, and the commerce of Illinois,
Michigan, and Ohio. Northern Indiana, and West-
ern Pennsylvania, been stopped or drawn off
through the Canadian Provinces, but for the enter-
prise of New York. She has done (I speak not in
the language of boasting, but of sober truth) what
the National Government never would have done,
for the purpose of securing, not to her citizens
alone, but to the nation, the commerce of the great
Western valley. Are gentlemen aware, when they
speak of New York and her improvements upon
the Hudson as hanging like "a lead weight" upon
the appropriations to the West, that, years ago,
when New York was comparatively feeble, before
she had commenced her system of internal improve-
ments, and when doubts of their feasibility pervaded,
not only other portions of the country, but a part of
her own population, she had appealed to Congress
to assist her in her construction of that noble work
the Erie canal? Her request was approved and sec-
onded by the opinion of one who has been justly
called the great constitutional President—James Mad-
ison. In a special message to Congress on this sub-
ject, in December, 1811, he uses the following lan-
guage, which should be well considered by those
who now deny the constitutionality of any appro-
priations for internal improvements. He says:
"The particular undertaking contemplated by the
State of New York, which marks an honorable
spirit of enterprise, and comprises objects of nation-
al as well as more limited importance, will recall the
attention of Congress to the signal advantages to be
derived to the United States from a general system of
internal communication and conveyance; and suggest
to their consideration whatever steps may be proper
on their part towards its introduction and accom-
plishment. As some of those advantages have an
intimate connexion with arrangements and exer-
tions for the general security, it is at a period calling
for these, that the merits of such a system will be
seen in the strongest lights."
Notwithstanding this strong recommendation, the
aid asked of Congress was refused, by men who, no
doubt, sincerely believed that the project was worthy
only of heated enthusiasts. But New York had
men of spirit in her councils, who did not falter
under these difficulties and discouragements. They
went on, and constructed that mighty work, which,
I can say without arrogance, has given the first im-
pulse to the whole system of internal improvements
in this country. It is not, sir, the untold value this
canal has given to the region through which it pass-
es, nor its annual revenue of near two millions of
dollars, which most excites our admiration: it is the
vast influence which this work exerts, and will con-
tinue to exert, on the public mind, and the enterprise
of the nation, that extorts our highest praise.
Sir, as a citizen of New York, I rejoice that she
went alone, single-handed, into this enterprise; and
that for many years past she has been perfecting it*
at an expense of more than twenty millions of dol-
lars. When the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Wel-
ler] just now remarked that the obstructions to the
navigation of the Hudson were at one point only,
and that that river had but one hundred and fifty
miles of navigable water, he seemed to have forgot-
ten that the Erie canal, nearly four hundred miles
long, connected the Hudson river with Lake Erie,
and became an essential part of tlie chain of commu-
nication 'from the remote "West to the city of New
York. Ay, sir, and when that canal shall be en-
larged, as the government of the State stand pledged
to enlarge it, it will form the most splendid line of
internal communication to be found in the world.
Then the craft which shall navigate'the "Western
Lakes may also navigate the canal and the Hudson
river, in an uninterrupted voyage to the harbor of
New York.
Sir, neither New York, nor any harbor or river of
New York, has ever hung like a "dead weight" upon
the West or upon the Union. She never yet held,
and I trust never will hold, that degraded position,
however great and rich and powerful any other por-
tion of the country is destined to become. No, her
capital, her enterprise, and her moral influence,
reaches the remotest part of our extended country;
and she may now,"with a just pride, surveying her
own resources and her achievements, point to them
as the eloquent and abiding refutation of the charge
that any of her internal improvements have embar-
rassed the national Government.
I am not disposed to complain of the course which
Government had taken in reference to internal im-
provements. It is well, however, to refer occasion-
ally to figures; ihey are sober realities, and often
great correctives for a heated imagination. During
the period of ten years last past, the city of New
York (the great emporium of the country, and de-
pending for its inland trade principally upon this
line of intercommunication by way of the Northern
lakes, the Erie canal, and the Hudson) has paid in-
to the national treasury more than half of the
whole revenue of the nation derived from customs.
Within this period, more than one hundred millions
of dollars, collected at this port, has been paid into
the Treasury of the Union, to be disbursed, not in
New York only, but in every other State; and, du-
ring this time, Congress has been pleased to appro-
priate but three hundred and twenty thousand dol-
lars to the improvement of the navigation of the
Hudson.
I will not, on this occasion, when the question be-
fore the committee is simply one of reference, go in-
to those details which, at a proper time, I am pre-
pared to exhibit. These will show how proper
and necessary it is that appropriations should be
made for the Hudson river. I have preferred
now to view the subject in its general bearing
upon the interest of the country. Since, however,
statistics have been referred toby other gentlemen, I
beg leave to state that, during the season of navigation
just closed, there floated upon that river (including
high-masted vessels, otaamboats, and tow-boats)
not less than thirteen hundred craft, amounting to
more than one hundred thousand tons of tonnage,
and laden with a commerce worth more than one
hundred millions of dollars.
Sir, the time has come when the inland commerce
of our country claims, and I trust will receive, at
the hands of the Government its full share of le-
gislative aid and protection. It has been stated, in
the course of this debate, that this inland commerce
amounted to two thousand millions of dollars
annually. I believe it exceeds that amount by
at least a quarter. This inland and domestic trade,
the offspring of our domestic industry, is itself
the parent of our foreign trade. Without intend-
ing to disparage any other part of the country, I
claim for the waters of the Hudson a large share of
this inland trade. Troy and Albany, situated at the
head of navigation on this noble river, are both ports
of entrv; and', from authentic information obtained at
those places, it has been ascertained that the proper-
ty received and cleared at those ports during the
past season amounted to more than a million of
tons, and the number of passengers to half a million.
"Whence comes this vast amount of product. W hosd
property is carried on these waters? The answer to
this inquiry will be foundby looking at a single item
—I refer to wheat, the great staple of the West. Of
the two million two hundred thousand barrels
of flour which arrived last season at tide-water on
the Hudson, one million and a half came from the
Western States—from Ohio, Michigan, Indiana,
Illinois, and Wisconsin. The area of country from
which this trade comes, contains two hundred thou-
sand square miles, and has a population of mora
than three millions. The channel of such a trade
cannot be sectional in its character. It is a great
national throughfare.
Sir, all these lines of intercommunication between
two distinct points of our extended country, have a
higher relation'than that of wealth to the hapj3ineg|
