36
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.Newton of Virginia, Hamlin of Maine, Ellis of New
York, Douglass of Illinois, Garrett Davis of Ken-
tucky, and A. V. Brown of Tennessee,
DEATH OP Mr. BURNELL.
„ Mr. ADAMS rose to announce the death of Mr.
Jj Barker Btjrnell of Massachusetts, and he spoke
flas follows:
IS At the second session of the twenty-seventh
j Congress, it became my painful duty, amidst the
|t-t| arduous labors and important deliberations of the
fiff House, to announce the decease of one of my then
S'if colleagues, a member of the House from the Com-
1 t;l monwealth of Massachusetts.
.;! The same melancholy service has now devolved
. ] upon me again; and at the very threshold of a new
■ Congress—when every heart should bound with
j. hope that the legislation of the nation has fallen into
; ..hands busily intent, and abundantly qualified, to ad-
;   vance the prosperity and promote the general wel-
fare of this great community—the heart is saddened
i i with the reflection that one of our number, among
1 ' the most ardent, zealous, upright, and intelligent co-
t ,,; operators with us for the accomplishment of that
1 i glorious purpose—the happiness of the people, has
'been taken from us in the midst of his useful and
honorable career, cut down by the scythe of Death.
I am to communicate to this House the demise of
. Barker Bcrneix, late an active and efficient mem-
ber of the 27th Congress, and by the suffrages of
i an enlarged constituency destined ( had so it pleased
■ the omnipotent Disposer of events) to take an ac-
'i tive, vigilant, and laborious part in the proceedings
| of the Congress now first assembled in these halls.
I " Such has not been the will of Heaven. This hall
r ■ shall hear his voice no more.
- He was a native of Nantucket, a small island of
the ocean appendant to the State of Massachusetts,
long renowned as the mother of a race of men, for
iimblemished integrity, for perilous enterprise, for
" energy of exertion and hardihood of endurance, un-
■ surpassed by any other portion of the dwellers upon
; ; this terraqueous globe. In saying this, I do butre-
jpeat, in humbler strain and simple language, the
; magnificent tribute of justice to the forefathers of
:the present age, nearly seventy years since pro-
-nouticed by the most eloquent lips that ever graced
'the British House of Commons. The panegyric of
.Edmund Burke upon the Nantucket whalemen of
>. ;his age has resounded in every corner of the earth
;'-where the English language is spoken or under-
! ] stood. It has stood the test of time, and will be
' cherished in the memory of man so long as that
Slanguage shall live to express the thoughts of the
■'wise, the benevolent, and the free.
. Sir, the islanders of Nantucket, our contemporaries,
:have not degenerated from the virtues of their
j,; fathers; and of that race of men Mr. Bcrnell was
J' the worthy representative on this floor. Born and
nurtured among them, as one of themselves, and
,;chosen by their voluntary, unbought suffrages, he
■ reflected upon the deliberative councils of the nation
.'the express image of their character. He had rep-
resented them before in both branches of the Le-
gislature of his native Commonwealth. Those of us
.now present who held seats in this hall at the last Con-
gress, have seen and heard him here. Two years from
last May, he came, full of life and hope and vigorous
energy, to serve his countiy as a trusty councillor;
and faithfully did he fulfil that trust. So thought
his constituents, who, with the increased numbers
of congenial spirits on the adjoining continent, had,
with a confidence in him riveted by experience,
; re-committed the charge of their interests to
his hands, already enfeebled by that insidious
: disease winch was hurrying him to the tomb!
: During a great part of the last session of Congress,
.'.he was disabled for attendance in his seat; and, at
the close of that Congress, he was left in the con-
finement of a sick chamber. There, on the 1st of
.-May last, I took leave of him, in the tender and
affectionate nursing care of a partner worthy of
himself, and to whom his life was more precious
than her own. I left him with a yet lingering hope
■that we might, under happier auspices, meet here
again. That hope was doomed to disappointment;
••his dissolution was near at hand; and on the 15th
-of last June he expired, far from his beloved native
jsiand, but with all the appliances of domestic love
and friendly kindness that could smooth the bed of
"death—
"By strangers honored, and by strangers monrn'd."
Mr, A. concluded by offered the following resolu-
tions:
Eesahei, That this House has heard with deep sensibility
the annunciation of the decease, in this city, on the 15th of
June last, of the Hon. Barker Burnell, a member elect of
this House from the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.^
Resolved, That this House tenders to the surviving widow
and relatives of the deceased the expression of its sympathy
on this afflicting bereavement; and, as a testimony of re-
spect for the memory of the deceased, the members and offi-
cers of the House will wear crape on the left arm for thirty
days.
Resolved, That, as a further mart of respect for the mem-
ory of the deceased, the House do now adjourn.
Ordered, That the Clerk do inform the Senate thereof.
The resolutions were unanimously agreed to; and
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, December 15, 1843.
The CHAIR laid before the Senate a message
from the President of the United States, transmit-
ting, in compliance with a resolution of the Senate
of the 23d of February last, a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Navy, accompanied by a catalogue of
books: ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. BARROW presented a memorial from a
number of citizens of Louisiana, praying the pas-
sage of a law authorizing the remounting of the 2d
regiment of dragoons: referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. CHOATE presented a memorial from D.
Appleton, and other booksellers and publishers in
the United States, praying the passage of a law on
the subject of literary property: referred to the Ju-
diciary Committee.
Also presented a petition from George P. Pear-
son, a commander in the United States navy, pray-
ing that he may be established in his proper rank in
the navy. Also, a petition of Mary J. Babbit,
praying to be restored to the naval pension roll;
which were referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Also presented a petition from Henry Hatch and
others, of Boston, on the-subject of French spolia-
tions prior to 1800: referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
Mr. ATCHISON presented several memorials
adopted by the General Assembly of Missouri, as
follows, viz:
A memorial in favor of the re-establishment of
the second regiment of dragoons: referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
A memorial respecting school lands; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
A memorial asking for the establishment of an
additional military post between forts Scott and
Leavenworth: referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
A memorial on the subject of improving the navi-
gation of the Western rivers: referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
A memorial respecting American water-rotted
hemp: referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also presented an act of the Legislature of Mis-
souri in relation to the boundary between that State
and Iowa Territory.
Mr. A. moved that the paper be referred to a se-
lect committee of three.
Mr. HUNTINGTON remarked that this subject
belonged properly to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. He saw no objection to its taking the usual
course. Unless the Senator from Missouri had
some reason to give why that reference should be
departed from, he hoped it would be adhered to.
Mr. ATCHISON said that this was an act pass-
ed by fhe General Assembly of Missouri, appoint-
ing a commissioner to join a commissioner on the
part of the Federal Government to settle this dis-
puted question of boundary. The reason for wish-
ing the reference he proposed was, because he saw
no more propriety in referring it to any standing
committee, than to a select committee who could
devote their especial and undivided attention to the
subject. If the Senator from Connecticut could
show to him any impropriety in the reference pro-
posed, he would cheerfully withdraw his motion,
and let the paper go to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. HUNTINGTON replied, that it had been
the usual practice of that body fo refer questions of
boundary to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. BUCHANAN said, he would suggest to the
Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Atchison,] that the
custom of that body was different from the invaria-
ble practice of the State Legislatures; and unless
there were special circumstances to induce such a
course, a subject was never referred to a select com-
mittee. t The question of the boundary between
Michigan and Ohio was referred to the Judiciary
Committee. Such a question as that of the bound-
ary between Missouri and Iowa should, according
to the practice of the Senate, be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. And he suggested to the
Senator whether Jie would not have a better prospect
of succeeding in the object he had in view, by that
reference, than by submitting it to a select committee,
of which the honorable Senator would himself prob-
ably be chairman. He (Mr. Buchanan) had no
objection that the subject should be submitted to a
select committee; but he had merely thrown out the
suggestion to the honorable Senator, on the ground
that it would be not only more consonant to the
practice of the Senate, but that it would really ac-
complish the Senator's object better, by referring the
matter to the Judiciary- Committee.
Mr. ATCHISON withdrew his motion; and the
paper was referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
On motion by Mr. MOREHEAD, it was ordered
that the petition of the citizens of Padueah, Ken-
tucky, praying that the postmaster at that place may
be secured from loss by the destruction of the post
office by fire, be taken from the files, and referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. MOREHEAD said, that on the last day of the
last session of Congress, he presented a bill, the object
of which was to authorize the translating of a pamphlet
in the Russian language, which treated largely on the
cultivation and manufacture of hemp. It was so
late in the session that it could not be acted on; but
since the last session that document had been
translated, and was communicated to Congress with
the President's message. He heed not say that the
subject of the culture of hemp was of great impor-
tance to the United States; and especially was it of
increasing importance to the people of two or three
of the Western States. The people of those States
are extremely anxious to procure all the informa-
tion to be had upon the subject of the manufacture
of this article. Inasmuch as the report of the Sec-
retary, which this pamphlet accompanied, was now
going to press, a proper time had arrived to move
the printing of an extra quantity of that pamphlet
alone. He therefore rose for the purpose of mo-
ving that four or five hundred additional copies of it
be printed for the use of the members of the Senate.
Mr. KING said he would be the last man to with-
hold from the people of this country, engaged
in any branch of industry, infoimation in the pos-
session of Congress, that would be of service to
them in advancing their business; but he suggested
whether they had not already gone as far as they
should go. They had already ordered 1,500 copica
extra of the documents accompanying the message,
of which this was one. He had no doubt, if this
document was of such general importance, that the
newspapers in every village would publish such
portions of it as would give to the cultivators of
hemp all the information afforded by it. He was
opposed to incurring an expense for extra printins,
unless the expenditure would subserve some benefit
to the country.
After a few remarks by Mr. MOREHEAD in
favor of his proposition, the question was put on
printing 400 copies of the pamphlet alone, and car-
ried in the affirmative.
Mr. WALKER presented the petition of Joseph
de la Francia, praying remuneration for arms pur-
chased for the use of certain independent citizens of
Florida in 1810, under the conventional Govern-
ment: referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. W., ill pursuance of notice, and on leave, in-
troduced a bill to transfer to the State of Mississippi
certain inundated lands, for the use- of a levee, from
the southern boundary of the Sate to the mouth of
the Yazoo river; which was read twice, and refci-
red to the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion by CHOATE, it was ordered that the
petition and papers of Enoch Baldwin be taken from
the files of the Senate, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce; and that the petition of Adam? & Co.,
praying for the return of certain duties, be taken
from the files, and referred to the Committee on
Finance.
On motion by Mr. C., it was ordered that so much
of the President's message as relates to the Smithso-
nian bequest be referred to the Committee on the
Library.
On motion by Mr. WOODBURY, it was ordered
that the petition of David Currier for a pension be
taken from the files, and referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. BREESE, it was ordered that
the memorial adopted by the General Assembly of
