CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
lating to the warehouse system, belonged, he thought,
exclusively to the Committee on Commerce. The
recommendation for the establishment of a new port
o'f entry, was another subject which belonged, of
right, to the Committee on Commerce. The recom-
mendation respecting the court of appeals, and that
relating to the compensation of the district_attorneys,
and all other amendments of the existing law on
these subjects, belonged more properly to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary than of the Committee of
Ways and Means.
But it was not his intention to occupy the time
of the House with discussion upon this question.
If they were of opinion that the whole report
should go to the Committee of Ways and Means,
he would offer no objection; he had merely offered
the resolution because it accorded with the opinion
of many gentlemen about him, and because it was
in accordance with the practice which prevails in
the other branch of Congress.
Mr. ADAMS said the reasons assigned by the
gentleman from North Carolina for adopting his re-
solution. were not satisfactory to his mind. The
gentleman liad referred, in the first place, to the
practice of the Senate. There had always been too
much attention paid to the precedents there estab-
lished. A special document was here communi-
cated to this House, upon a subject which came al-
most exclusively under its cognizance. To this
body it belong<ejd to determine how money should
be raised, and how it should be expended. And
though the Senate had the power of proposing
amendments to any money bills that passed the
House, yet the Constitution itself gave to the House
of Representatives peculiar privileges respecting this
subect.
Mr. McKAY said if the gentleman had attended
to the reading of the resolution, he would have seen
that there was no subject which he had proposed to
refer to the Committee 011 the Judiciary or to the
Committee on Commerce, which involved the power
of taxation. If this were the case, he would readily
agree that they should all go to the Committee on
Ways and Means. Those portions of the report
which related to the land offices and to surveying
did not involve the subject of taxation; nor did any
other which he proposed to refer to other commit-
tees involve the power of taxation.
Mr. ADAMS said he would venture to assert
that there was not a line in that document which
did not involve the power of taxation—not directly,
butindirectly. It was a document differing from all
other communications which come to this House
through the President. It was a direct communica-
tion from the Secretary of the Treasury to this
House, and it was for this House to determine up-
on the subject of which it treated—namely, the
manner 111 which revenue should be raised.
The whole report had a bearing upon that ultimate
object—revenue. The gentleman had said that that
portion relating- to land offices, &e., had no refer-
ence to the raising of revenue. Were not land offi-
ces established for the purpose of raising revenue ?
So of the warehousing system, which the gentleman
said had no bearing upon the subject of taxation.
Every tiling, unquestionably, in that report, had
a reference to the ultimate object of taxation of the
people, and expenditure of the revenue.
What he desired was, that the Committee of Ways
and Means should be responsible for any proceed-
ings which might be founded upon that document.
The report upon that communication ought to be
entirely disconnected with all other subjects ; but if
they were to distribute it amongst half a dozen com-
mittees, none would be responsible.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL suggested to the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means to ex-
cept from his motion that portion of which relates
to the warehousing system, as it appeared to him to
be the appropriate "business of the committee of
which the gentleman from North Carolina was the
head.
Mr. McKAY said,when he was up before he had
given the reasons why he had moved the reference
of the warehousing system to the Committee on
Commerce; that reason was, that the Committee
on Commerce had that subject in charge at the last
session, and he saw 110 reason now to change the
reference. He however had no objection to strike
out that part of his resolution on the suggestion of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr.- BARNARD made some observations, which
were not distinctly heard.
Mr. McKAY said, as there appeared to be objec-
tion to the motion which he had submitted, ho
would change its form, and now move that the
whole of the report of the Secretary of the Treasury
be referred to the Committee of Ways and Means;
and the parts could be referred to other committees
hereafter, as might be found necessary.
The report was then referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. J. CAMPBELL rose to present a memorial
for the purpose of reference; but as objection was
made, it was not received.
Mr. TIBBATTS rose to give several notices; but,
at this stage of the day's proceedings, they were
out of order, and were not received.
THE DISTRICT SYSTEM.
Mr. A. V. BROWN gave notice that he would
on Monday next, or as soon thereafter as practica-
ble, introduce a bill to repeal so much of the "Act
apportioning Representatives amongst the several
States," approved the 25th June, 1842, as requires
the number to which each State is entitled to be
elected by districts.
THE ELECTION OP CHAPLAIN
The House returned to this order of its, business,
and Messrs. Strong of New York, Douglass of
Illinois, and Henly of Indiana, were appointed
the tellers to take the vote.
The following were the nominations:
Mr. STRONG nominated F. T. Tiffany, Episco-
pali.m.
Mr. HENLEY nominated W. L. Daily, Metho-
dise Protestant.
RJr. DOUGLASS nominated Henry W. Dodge,
Baptist.
Mr. DUNCAN nominated Isaac Ketchum, Ger-
man Reformed.
Mr. GILMER nominated Isaac S. Tinsley, Bap-
tist.
Mr. KING of Massachusetts nominated S. G.
Bulfinch, Unitarian.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON nominated M. A. Mul-
ler, Lutheran.
[A message was received from the President of
the United States by the hands of John Tyler, jr.
Esq. his private secretary.]
Mr. STRONG, one of the tellers, reported that
the whole number of votes taken was - 184
Necessary to a choice - - - 93
Of which—
Mr. Tinsley received - - -63
Tiffany " - - - 48
Daley " - - - 34
Bulfinch " - - - 14
Dodge " - 11
Ketchum L" - - - 9
Muller " - 3
Dewey " - - - 2
No candidate having obtained a majority of all
the votes given, there was no election.
Mr. PETTIT rose and offered a resolution, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, Tliat the House will dispense with the services
of a Choplain during the present session.
[Loud cries of "No, no."]
Mr. P. said he wished the members of the House
to pay for their own preaching and praying; and not
make the people do it for them.
[Cries of "Order, order."]
Mr. DAVIS of Indiana moved to postpone the
election of Chaplain, and that the gentleman from
Indiana [Sir. PV.ttit] might have leave to introduce
his resolution, if it was not now in order.
Mr. BARNARD said it was not now in order to
make any motion until the pending business was
disposed of; for the House was then acting under a
suspension of the rules.
[Cries of "Question, question."]
The SPEAKER decided that the resolution could
be received.
The vote was then taken thereon, and it was neg-
atived.
The House proceeded to a second vote for Chap-
lain; and when the vote was taken,
Mr. STRONG-, one of the tellers, reported that
the whole number of votes was - -183
Necessary to a choice - - - 92
Of which—
Mr. Tinsley received - - - 9 /
Tiffany - - - -54
Daily - - - - " 5
Bulfinch - - - f
Dodge - - - ~
Ketchum - - - {
W.Matthews - j
Mr, Tinsley was therefore declared duly elected.
Mr. DUNCAN rose to give notice that, to-
morrow, or at an early day, he should ask 'leajre to
introduce a bill, the title of which was not, mention-
ed; for • , •• j.. . ■
The SPEAKER informed the gentjemaji. .
Ohio that the first business was the call for pet4io8a
by States. . . ■
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved that the House .
proceed to the election of its postmaster. ,
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL inquired if there was not
a rule of the House, by which petitions could be
laid on the Clerk's table, and referred, without -
troubling the House therewith.
The SPEAKER replied that there was a rule, by
virtue of which petitions could be so placed in the
possession of cofnmittees, if the Speaker, to wh>om
they must be first submitted, found nothing therein
that conflicted with the rules of the House—inore
particularly the 21st rule, in relation to petitions oh
the subject of slavery. The pending motion he
then stated to be that made by the gentleman from
Tennessee, to suspend the rules that the House
might go into the election of postmaster.
Mr. LEWIS inquired wliat vote would be re-
quired to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER replied that the motion would
require a two-thirds vote.
Mr. LEWIS hoped the House would not agree
to suspend the rules for such a purpose; and he
further hoped that the vote to be taken would test
sense of the House on the propriety of removing
the present postmaster.
The SPEAKER said the motion was not de-
batable.
Mr. LEWIS. Well, then, I will only say that I
shall vote against it.
The SPEAKER put the question; and, as the re-
sult was equivocal, tellers were demanded; and
Messrs. Cave Johnsok and Winthrop were ap-
pointed. They reported 77 in the affirmative, and
80 in the negative. The motion was consequently
lost, and the rules were not suspended.
Mr. TIBBATTS gave notice of his intention, at
an early day, to introduce a bill to authorize the
purchase of the residue of the stock held by indi-
viduals stockholders in the Louisville and Portland
Canal Company, and to make the navigation there:-
of free from toll.
PETITIONS.
The States, beginning with the Eastern States, in
the usual order, were then called for petitions; and
the following were presented:
Mr. PARMENTER presented the petition of
Joseph W. Newcomb for a claim, under a resolu-
tion of Congress, in favor of the children of Gen.
Warren: referred to the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims.
Mr. MACLAY presented the following petitions
under the rule: The petition of Ro.mon dc Xaldo, of
the city of New York, to become a citizen of the
United States; the petition of Mary and Eliza Peri-
ams for compensation for property used by the Gov-
ernment in defence of the country; and the memorial
of Robert Roberts, of New York, praying for com-
pensation for damages by the loss of the ship_ Ex-
periment and cargo; all of which were appropriately
referred.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of John
Fossett, praying compensation for transporting the
United Stati s mail.
Also, the petition of L. W. McKown, and 21
others, in aid of the petition of J. Fossett; and also
for the establishment of a mail route in Maine: re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. HAMLIN also presented the petition of
Thomas Dresser, praying for a pension, and the
evidence relating to the same: referred to tne Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Mr. PARMENTER presented the petition of
Lemuel Williams for an allowance of commission.
Also, the petition of Joseph W. Newcombe, as heir
of the children of Paul Warren, for arrears of pen-
sion under a resolution of Congress: referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Mr. PARMENTER also presented the resolves
of "the Legislature of Massachusetts, on the subject
of constructing a yard for the building of steam-
ships of war: referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. WINTHROP presented resolves of the
State of Massachusetts in relation to the injury ap-
prehended to the United States naval establishment
, m Boston harbor, by the destruction of certain
