40
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sfir
islands in said harbor: referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. W. also presented the petition of Har-
riet Carter, praying for a renewal of her pension:
referred to the Committee on Revplutionary Pen-
sions.
Mr. HALE presented the resolutions of the Le-
gislature of New Hampshire, relative to General
Jackson's fine: referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. SEYMOUR presented the memorial of Fer-
guson and Reid, of Louisiana: referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. CLINTON presented the petition of Catha-
rine Johnson, praying for a pension: referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Also, the petition of Susannah Scott for a pen-
sion: referred to the same committee.
Mr. WHEATON presented the petition of the
inhabitants of the village of Skaneateles, N. Y.,
praying the abolition of the franking privilege, and
the reduction of postage: referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. HUNGERFORD presented the petition of
Joseph Kimball for compensation for services ren-
dered the United States at Sackett's Harbor: referred
to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. PRATT presented the petition of Iehael Tut-
tle, praying for a pension: referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. BEARDSLEY presented the petition of
Lettis Pond, praying for a pension. Also, the peti-
tion of Wilmot Marsden, for a pension: referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary pensions.
Mr. BEARDSLEY presented the petitions of
Gideon A. Perry and John Cook: referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. CLINTON presented the petition of Char-
lotte McCaine for a pension: referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Mr. WINTHROP presented the petition of Wil-
liam Neilson, of Baltimore, for reimbursement of
medical expenses: referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. KING presented the resolves of the Common-
wealth of Massachusetts against the annexation of
Texas to the Union, referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
Mr. WINTHROP presented a memorial from
the city of Boston, on the subject of the islands in
Boston harbor, and of the danger of detriment be-
ing done to the naval depot of the United States in
said harbor: referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
' fairs.
Mr. HALE presented resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of New Hampshire relating to West Point
Academy: referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. PRATT presented the petition of David Mel-
len: referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions. '
Mr. MORRIS presented the petition of certain
citizens of Philadelphia, praying for an appropria-
tion for a dry-dock at the navy yard at Philadelphia:
referred to the Committee on Maval Affairs.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL presented the petition
of J. F. Caldwell, praying for relief in consequence
of a change by the Post Ofiice Department in a con-
tract for carrying the mail: referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. J . R. INGERSOLL presented the memo-
rial of Mary Reeside, praying for ail act directing
the payment to her of the amount certified by a
jury to be due to her late husband, to whose estate
"she is cxecutrix: referred to the Judiciary Commit-
tee.
Mr. CHILTON presented the petition of Charles
M. Gibson, for compensation for a wagon and team
of six horses, lost in the Florida war in the service
of the United Suites; referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. C. also presented the petition of Robert
S. Ward, for moneys overpaid to the United States:
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. C. also presented the memorial of
Thomas Ap Catesby Jones, asking to be compen-
sated for services rendered in holding official inter-
course with the natives of the Sandwich and others
of the South sea islands: referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs.
COPYRIGHT LAW.
Mr. ADAMS presented petitions from booksellers
and others, on die subject of an international copy-
right law; which were ordered to be printed.
Mr. ADAMS moved the reference to a select
committee of nine.
Mr. HOLMES suggested that they should be re-
ferred to the Committee oi) the Library.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL reminded the House
that he had already given notice of his intention to
introduce a bill on this subject, as would be seen by
a reference to the journal of the House. He made
some suggestion on the subject of reference, which
was not heard.
The SPEAKER then put the question on the
reference to the House, and the motion to refer to
the Library Committee was negatived, and the mo-
tion to refer to a select committee of nine prevailed.
Mr. DAVIS of Indiana moved a suspension of
the rules for the purpose of enabling him to offer a
resolution.
The motion was decided to be out of order.
SLAVERY, THE SLAVE TRADE, AND
ABOLITION.
Mr. ADAMS presented a petition from the State
of New York praying Congress to abolish slavery
in the District of Columbia, &c.
The SPEAKER decided that such a petition
could not be received under the existing rules of
the House.
Mr. ADAMS said the petition also prayed that
Congress would separate New York from all con-
nexion with slavery; and therefore he deemed it
admissible.
The SPEAKER reiterated his decision.
Mr. ADAMS said the petition was identical with
petitions which, at the last session, the Speaker de-
cided did not come within the rule. The petition
had not a prayer for the abolition of slavery in any
of the States or Territories of this Union; it was
simply a petition that Congress would separate the
people of New York from all connexion with
slavery; and he repeated, that the late Speaker de-
cided that those petitions did not Come within the
rule. They were, in consequence, received, entered
on the journal, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary; to which committee he moved the
reference of this petition.
The SPEAKER said he was of opinion this pe-
tition fell within the rule.
Mr. ADAMS requested that the journal of last
session might be read.
The SPEAKER repeated the expression of his
opinion, that the petition came within the rule.
Mr. ADAMS requested the Speaker to take-cog-
nizance of the fact that these petitions weie received
by the last Congress.
The SPEAKER inquired if there was any appeal
from his decision.
Mr. ADAMS said he did not wish to appeal from
the judgment of the Chair: he had had sufficient ex-
perience already, m the House, not to do that; but
he requested the Speaker to consult the journals for
the precedents of the last session of Congress, in
which he would find, that petitions, identically the
same m purpose as this, were received by the House,
under the same rule, and referred to the Judiciary
Committe. If, therefore, that was done 
The SPEAKER interposed, and informed the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts that it was not in order
to discuss this matter.
Mr. ADAMS said he felt constrained, then, to ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair, be the result
what it might.
The SPEAKER inquired if the gentleman from
Massachusetts could furnish him one of the prece-
dents referred to.
Mr. ADAMS said there were many on the jour-
nals of the last Congress.
After sonic further conversation—
Mr. GILMER moved an adjournment, to give
the Speaker tune to look into the precedents on the
•subject,; and, also, because the usual hour of ad-
journment had arrived.
The SPEAKER requested the gentleman from
Virginia to withdraw that motion, (which was as-
sented to,) that he might lay before the House sev-
eral
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communications:
A communication from the Treasury Department,
with a detailed statement of the manner m which
the contingent funds of the Treasury Department,
and the bureaus thereof, have been expended: it
was referred to the Committee on Public Expendi-
tures, and ordered to be printed.
II A communication from the Navy Department, in
answer to a resolution of inquiry respecting the fit
ness of cotton for sails, &c.
A communication from the office of the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings, transmitting to the
House of Representatives copies of all the contracts
made in that office from the 1st of December, 1842,
to the 1st instant; prepared in pursuance of an order
of the House.
A communication from the Navy Department,
with an abstract of expenditures for the contingent
expenses of the navy, as settled and allowed in the
office of the Fourth Auditor of the Treasury, for the
-year ending September 30, 1843.
Also, a communication from the Clerk of the
House of Representatives, transmitting certain doc-
uments, in obedience to a resolution of the House
of March last,. directing the Clerk to cause to be.
prepared a general statistical statement of the fund-
ing system of the United States and of Great Brit-
ain by Jonathan Elliot, to be accompanied by such
tabular facts of other nations touching the same
subject as may tend more fully to illustrate the state-
ment.
Each communication was appropriately referred,
and ordered to be printed.
THE SWORD OF WASHINGTON AND THE
STAFF OF FRANKLIN.
A communication was received from the Presi-
dent, in which he stated that, in consequence of
some accidental omission, the resolution of thanks
to Samuel T. Washington, esq., who presented to
the nation, through the House of Representatives,
the sword of AVashington and the staff of Frank-
lin, did not reach him until after the adjournment of
Congress; and, therefore, did not receive his appro-
val and signature, which it would otherwise prompt-
ly have received. He nevertheless felt himself at
liberty, and deemed it entirely proper, to communi-
cate a copy of the resolution to Mr. Washington,
as was manifested by the accompanying copy of the
letter which he addressed to him. The joint resolu-
tion, he stated further, together with a copy of the
letter, has been deposited in the Department of
State, and could be withdrawn and communicated
to the House if it saw fit to require them.
The following is a copy of the President's letter
to Mr. Washington, referred to:
"Washington, April 27, 1843.
"Dear Sir: I send you a copy of a joint i esolution
of the two Houses of Congress, as expressive of the
estimate which they place upon the present which
you recently made to the United States, of the
sword used by your illustrious relative, George
Washington, in the military career of his early youth,
and the seven years' war, and throughout the war
for our national independence; and of the staff be-
queathed by the patriot statesman and sage, Benja-
min Franklin, to the same leader of the armies of
freedom in the revolutionary war—George Wash-
ington.
"These precious relics have been accepted in the
name of the nation, and have been deposited amongst
its archives.
"I avail myself of this opportunity, afforded me in
the performance of this pleasing task, to tender you
the assurance of my high respect and esteem.
"JOHN TYLER.
"To Samuel T. Washington, esq."
The House then adjourned.
The following is the Committee on Rules of the
House of Representatives, which has not heretofore
been published:
Messrs. Wi.e, Adams, Dromgoole, Beardsley,
White, C. J. Ingersoll, J. W. !Davis, Vinton, and
R. Chapman.
IN SENATE.
M®nday, December 18, 1843.
The CHAIR laid before the Senate a communi-
cation from the War Department, transmitting a re-
port of the officer in charge of the Ordnance Bu-
reau, exhibiting the expenses of the national armo-
ries, and the manufacture of arms therein, from the
30th September, 1842, at the close of the half year
ending 30th June, 1843.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, it was ordered to be
printed.
Also, a communication from the War Depart-
ment, transmitting, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate of the 23d February last, a catalogue,
prepared under the direction of the Secretary of .
War, of the books in that department; which,
