4$
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
as part of said Constitution when ratified by the Legislatures
of three-fourths of the States, viz: - .
No person shall be hereafter eligible to the office of Presi-
dent of the United States, who shall have been previously
elected to the said office, and who shall have accepted the
same or exercised the powers thereof.
Mr. BARNARD desired to inquire of the Chair
what was the business first in order.
The SPEAKER said the first business in order
would be the resolution of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. G. Davis] to refer the cases of the elec-
tions from certain States to the Committee of Elec-
tions. ■
Mr. BARNARD said he supposed that the mo-
tion he offered some days since in relation to the
amendment of the journal would be taken up.
The SPEAKER said that that business would
come m> as soon as the resolution of the gentleman
from Kentucky was disposed of.
Mr. FRICK called up the resolution offered by
him some days since, directing the Clerk to procure
5,000 copies of the President's message i* the Ger-
man language.
Mr. G. DAYIS called for the orders of the day.
Mr. HOPKINS observed that there could be no
sort of objection to the resolution of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania; and he hoped the gentleman
from Kentucky would suffer it to be taken up and
passed by general consent.
Mr. ADAMS said, that, on referring to the 22d
rule, it was provided that, for the first thirty days
of the session, as soon as the journal was read in
the morning, the Speaker should call on the several
States in their order for petitions, commencing with
the State of Maine. On the last session of the
House the call for petitions was commenced and
proceeded with until it was arrested by the presenta-
tion by him of a petition which the Speaker decided
was excluded by the rules.
A message was here announced from the Presi-
dent of the United States, by the hands of Mr. John
Tyler, jr., his private secretary.
Mr. "BIDLACK hoped the House would, by
general conscnt, take up and dispose of the resolu-
tion of his colleague [Mr. Frick.]
, Objections being made—
Mr. RIDLAOK moved for a suspension of the
rules to allow the resolution to be offered.
Mr. SLIDELL moved to amend the resolution
by directing the printing of 2,000 copies in French.
Mr. WISE was opposed to the resolution as novel
and extraordinary. The English language, he said,
was our mother tongue, our legal tongue, and our
parliamentary tongue; and the proper one only for
disseminating the public documents in. The great
mw of our population were English; and for them
10,000 copies only were ordered to be printed;
while it was proposed to print 5,000 for the compar-
atively small number of Germans among us.
Mr. HOLMES observed, that it so happened
that there were in his town (Charleston) a great
number of Low Dutch who did not speak German;
and lie therrfi.ro wished to understand whether the
printing, under this resolution, would be adapted to
their convenience? If not, he should move to amend
the resolution by directing the. printing of a ceitain
number of copies in Low- Dutch.
Mr. FRICK oii'ered to modify his resolution, by
striking out 5,000 copies and inserting 2,(Hit).
There were at least ] ,500 voters in his district who
did not speak English; and he hoped the printing
would be orderid for their benefit. He did not
deem it so necessity to print copies in French as in
German, as our French fellow-citizens generally
read English, thou;:ii the Germans did not.
Mr. C. J. IlVGEllSOLL otserved that this was
a small matter, and he hoped no object oi would be
made 10 its pitsraae. Everybody who had been in
Pennsylvania knew that it was the invariable cus-
tom fur that State to print a portion of all its public
documents, the Governor's message, &c.,inGeiman
for the accommodation of its German population;
and if he were disposed to use any ad captandimi ar-
guments, he might say that there were no better
nor more deserving citizens in the country. But
there were vast numbers of our citizens who spoke
the German language, to be found in other States as
well as in Pennsylvania. There were numbers of
them in New York, Ohio, and dow n to the extreme
South—many of them men of education. He could
see no objection to incurring a little expense for the
purpose of disseminating our public documents
among this class of our fellow-citizens. He
agreed with the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Wise,] that the English was our vernacular tongue;
hut he was one of those who believed that no coun-
try suffered by the use of two languages. There
was not a country in Europe in which more than
one language was not used. He was clearly of
opinion that, if a large and respectable portion of our
population wished to see the public documents-
printed in a particular language, they ought to be
gratified.
Mr. HOPKINS remarked, that they should spend
more money in debating this question than by its
adoption: he therefore asked for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. SLIDELL inquired if the previous question
would cut off his amendment.
The SPEAKER replied that it would not; but, on
the contrary, would bring the House to a direct vote
on the amendment.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to lay the whole
subjcct on the table, which appeared to be lost on
the vote being taken.
A division was called for.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and on being taken,
resulted as follows—yeas 53, nays 134:
YEAS—Messrs. Aslie, Beardsley, Benton, F.dward J.
Black, Boyd, Milton Brown, Burke, Caldwell, Camplell, R.
Chapman, Coles, Collamer, Dana, ft. D. Davis,Deberry,Del-
let, Dickinson, Dunlap, Ellis, Klmer, French, Willis Green,
Halp, Hamlin, Herrick, Holmes, Hoge, Houston, James B.
Hunt, Cave Johnson, Preston King, Kirkpatrick, Leonard,
McKay, Newton, Norris, Parmenter, Tej ton, Phcems,
F.lisha R. Potter, Pratt, Kathbun, lledmg, Rhott, Severance,
John T. Smith, Stone, Taylor, Vance, Vinton, Williams, and
Wise—53.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atkinson, Barringer, Barnard,
Beteer, Bidlack, James Blaolc, James A. Black, Blackwell,
Bossier, Bower, Bowlin, Jacob Brinkerhoft", Brodhead, Aaron
V. Brown, William J. Brown, Jeremiah Brown, JBufllngton,
Burt, Carjr, Carroll, Catlin, Augustus A. Chapman, Chappell,
Chilton, Clingman, Clinton, Cobb, Cranston, Cullom,
Daniel, Garrett Davis, John W. Davis, Dean, Dickey. Dil-
lingham, Douglass, Duncan, Farlee, Ficklin, Fis h, Foot,
Foster, Frick, Gidding<3, Gilmer, Byram Green, Grinnell,
Grider. Haralson, Hardin, Harper, Kays, Henley, Hopkins,
Ifubard, Hubbell, Hudson, Hughes, Hungerford, Wash-
ington Hunt, Chaxlos J. Ingersoll, Joseph It. Ingcr&oll,
Irvin, Jameson, Jenks, Perley B. Johnson, Andrew Johnson,
George W.Jones, Kennedy, Daniel P. King, Labranche,
Lewis, Lucas, Lumpkin, JVicCauslin, Mnclay, MeClellan,
McCleinand, McC'onnell, McDowell, Mcllvaine, Mathews,
Moore, Edward J. Morris, Moseley, Murphy, Nes, Owen,
Pettit, Emerj D. Potter, Purdy, Ramsey, Alrnon II. Read,
Charles M. Head, David S. Keid, Eelfo, Kittcr, Robinson,
Russell, St, John, Sample, Saunders, Schenck, Sinter,
Thomas H. Seymour, Simons, Simpson, Slidell, Albert
Smith, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Steenrod, Stephens,
Stetison, Andrew Stewait, John Stewart, Stiles, Strong,
Rjkes. Thomasson, Tibbats, Tilden, Tjler, Vanmeter, Wel-
ler. Wentvvorth, Wheaton, White, WiUdns, Wmthrop,
Woodward, William Wright, Joseph A. Wright, and Yost
-134.
Mr. RAMSEY rose to move an amendment.
The SPEAKER said the previous question had
been moved, and therefore amendments were out of
order.
Mr. HOPKINS consented to withdraw the pre-
vious question for the purpose of admitting" the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. RAMSEY then moved to amend the resolu-
tion so as to include not only the President's mes-
sage, but the reports of the Secretaries of the Trea-
sury, of War, and of the Navy, and also of the
Postmaster Geneial. He thought the House would
consent to do this, if it pioperly appreciated our
German population, who, it was pretty well known,
amounted to three millions. In his own district of
8] ,000, they had 60,000 who spoke, and read, and
wrote, the German language; they had seven Ger-
man presses; and they had upwards of 60 churches,
in which the worship of God was conducted in the
German language. And if there were so many in
Pennsylvania, to whom it, was due that this resolu-
tion should be adopted, the case was stronger when
they looked at the great number of Germans in
Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois. There u ere very large
bodies of Germans in the cities of Pittsburgh, Cin-
cinnati, St. Louis, and New Orleans.
A document which he held m his hand showed
that, from the single kingdom of Bavaria, the emi-
gration to this country had been 20,000 persons,
who brought with them money and other valuables
worth $4,000,000 or $5,000,000. He deemed this
matter of printing the President's message and its
accompanying documents a very small matter; and
if the House valued the German population, it would
do all that it could to stimulate such emigration. If
these documents were printed in the German lan-
guage, as now proposed, they would soon, certainly
within 60 days, be known in the Germanic States
of Europe; and further emigration would be stimu-
lated, and our national wealth would be proportion-
ately increased. With these views, he thought it
was the right of so valuable a part of our popula-
tion to have these documents printed in a language
in which they thought and spoke; and he hoped the
resolution would be adopted.
Mr. MURPHY inquired if an amendment would
be in order.
The SPEAKER replied that it would.
Mr. MURPHY said it struck him that, in justice
to his constituents, he ought to more so to amend
the resolution "as to cause these documents to be
printed also in the Low Dutch language, as had been
recommended by the gentleman from South Caro-
lina [Mr. Holmes.] Ho (Mr. M.) came from the
land of the Knickerbocker; and in his district alone,
there were probably 2,000 or 3,000 who read the
Low Dutch, and not the German language.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL inqui'-ed if they did not
speak the Low Dutch, but write and read the Ger-
man language.
Mr. MURPHY replied that the languages, both
written and spoken, were distinct languages. He
then proceeded to say that if, as the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Ingersoll] had said, it would
be advantageous to this country that severf'"
languages should be spoken here, it would certainl_
be advantageous to the country that these docu-
ments should be published in those different lan-
guages; and if printed in foreign languages, the
country would not derive all the advantage unless
they were printed in the mellifluous Low Dutch,
[laughter.] He was, he confessed, at a loss himself
to discover.in what way advantage was to be de-
rived to this country by printing these documents
in these different languages, unless it was by com-
bining the copiousness and richness of all into one,
and making from the whole an American language.
If this was the object of the gentleman, injustice
would be done unless copies were printed in the Low
Dutch; and he therefore moved to amend the reso-
lution by adding a provision that 2,000 copies sliould
be printed in the Low Dutch language.
Mr. JACOB BRINKERHOFF inquired if there
was a Low Dutch printing office in the district of
the gentleman from New York.
Mr. MURPHY replied that the type used was
the English type; and there were many constituents
of his, who, if sent for, would come here to render
the necessary service, [laughter.]
Mr. JACOB BRINKERHOFF said he had a
right to oppose the amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from New York. That gentleman claimed
to come from the land of the Knickerbocker; he
(Mr. B.) had the right to oppose the motion be-
cause he was a' Knickerbocker himself. The gen-
tleman from New York said there was as much
ground for the adoption of his amendment as for the
passage of the original resolution. Pie (Mr. D.)
thought there was a plain distinction between the
two cases. In regard to the Knickerbockers, those
that could read at all could read the English; but, in
regard to our German population, there were a great
many—some of whom he had the honor to repre-
sent, and of whom he could say, that they were as
worthy men as any that he did represent—who
could read only in their native language. They had
been in the habit of printing documents and spread-
ing them among their constituents to enlighten them
on public affairs, and to enable them to exercise the
elective franchise intelligently, tie knew no other
reason. Well, then, here were the. naturalization
laws, by availing themselves of which, the German
emigrant becomes a citizen; and, to their honor be it
said, he had never known a German who entertain-
ed any conscientious scruples of swearing allegiance
to our Constitution. These documents could be
printed without much expense, for they had Ger-
man printing-presses at their doors; and he hoped,
therefore, that the motion made by his Knicker-
bocker friend, for the purpose of burlesquing their
proceedings, would not prevail.
Mr. ADAMS said he felt very much disposed to
favor the proposition requiring the Clerk to procure
a certain number of eopics of the President's mes-
sage in the German language, for the expense would
not be very great; but the question assumed a very
different aspect, when it was proposed to print the
documents winch accompanied the message. These
were sufficient of themselves to constitute a volume.
And it was not merely a question as to printing
them in this instance. Whenever a question of
printing should arise, the same argument would ap-
ply for printing a corresponding number in the
German, in the French, and in the Low Dutch lan-
guages, and the Spanish also. In fact, it was im-
possible to say in what number of languages they
might be called upon to print, and that not only1
