CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
„ , but the accompanying documents.
JThey would find propositions to print of frequent
r.SCeurrence, and in as many languages as the liberal-
ity of the House would allow. What was the ex-
l'pease of the printing of this House already? It "
j, amounted, he believed, to two or three hundred
thousand dollars a year. Well, if they were to print
M the German, French, Low Dutch, Spanish, and
■ he knew not how many different languages, the ex-
pense would amount to four or five times that
\ sum. Instead of two or three hundred thou-
' sand, a million a year would not pay the expense of
printing.
  Every paper published throughout the country
contained the President's message; every paper
printed in the German language contained the mes-
sage in that language; and all who were in the habit
of reading the newspapers, therefore, would have
- an opportunity of redding it. He thought, therefore,
there was something of a doubt whether publishing
■ so profusely would be really a public benefit equal
■" "to the expense which it must necessarily occasion.
Hk A question occurred to him, if they were to pass
Hpis resolution, who would have the printing? They
- had formed a contract with certain persons to do
the printing of the House- would not those printers
say that they had a right, under that contract, to
' print these documents?
■ In addition to this, there would be a very consid-
erabie expense incurred for translation. Who was
- to do the translating of these documents into the
German, Frencli, Low Dutch, and Spanish lan-
guages' They would soon have as many candi-
dates for the office of translator as they had now for
clerkships to committees; and tiiey would have to
decide between the numerous applicants, and then
to decide what compensation they should have.
He could foresee the time (and it not remote) when
they would have to establish a greet system, a great
establishment for printing in foreign languages all
the documents of the House.
There was a project before the House now, for
separating the public printing from the politics of
the country or the political press. They would now
have the question doubled and trebled; they would
have to separate the German printing from the polit-
ical .press; for if [they should break the contract
which they had made wiih Eiair & Rives, thc-y
would still have the political press coming and claim-
ing to print in German.
In contemplation of all this, he was afraid he
would be called on to vote against the whole propo-
sition; and he would move to lay the whole subject
on the table, if it could be got rid ill that way. Still,
- he was willing, for th is single time, to agree to the
printing of three thousand copies of the message in
German, for he had been lately amongst the Geiman
population, and had formed a very favorable estima-
tion of them, and was witling to afford them every
reasonable privilege; but he really did not feel wil-
ling to vote a quarter of a million dollars to gii e
them that which they would all have the opportuni-
ty of reading without imposing upon the Govern-
ment this enormous expense.
Mr. RAMSEY said he thought the gentleman
from Massachusetts was under a slight misapprehen-
sion in regard to the extent of tiie proposition. He
was confident it would not involve an expense of
more than one hundred and fifiy dollars.
[A member standing at the extreme right of the
hall here made some observations, which were al-
together inaudible to the reporter.]
Mr. A. V. BROWN said, as amendments were
being heaped one upon another, he felt compelled
to move to lay the whole subject upon the table.
Mr. SMITH of Illinois said, 1 am sorry to see a
disposition on the part of the members of the House,
to refuse to print the President's message in the
German and French languages, as proposed by the
resolution of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Frick.] I, sir, represent on this floor more than
two thousand German voters; men who feel as deep
an interest in the welfare of our common country,
and who are as warmlv attached to the principles of
our Government, as any other of our citizens, and
who are anxious to become acquainted with our
laws and instituiions; men wno left the homes of
their youth, their country, and all that they held
most dear, and planted themselves among us that
thev mfeht enjoy the blessings of liberty and all the
: of our free institutions. They are, sir, in-
- - tellisent, industrious, and valuable citizens; and ean
well appreciate and understand all the subjects
brought to their notice in that document, if publish-
ed in their own language, I conceive it, Mr, speak-
er, to be our duty to furnish them, in this manner,
with the fullest means of information; and a few dol-
lars from the public treasury applied to that pur-
pose^ will be money well spent. They are citizens
of this great Republic, and alive to all its important
interests; and I believe it is our true policy to treat
those who come among us to settle, and to take
upon themselves the duties and burdens of citizen-
ship, most kindly and liberally; and it can
be no reproach to us if we manifest such a
disposition. Some gentlemen oppose the print-
ing on account of the expense. To such I
would reply, that, if the proposition is just—which
I sincerely believe it is—that consideration should
not deter us, as the expense, at most, can be but tri-
fling. Why, sir, should it not be incurred for them'
They pay taxes, buy our lands, improve the coun-
try, and aid in every other way in supporting the
Government: why, then, should they not have the
satisfaction of seeing the message of the Chief Ma-
gistrate of the nation—usually considered the most
important public document—come to them in their
o%v 11 native language? I hope gentlemen will recon-
sider this objection, and, if they find it not well-
founded, will unite with us in the passage of the
resolution.
I regret, sir, that the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Frick] has consented to modify his resolu-
tion, by substituting three thousand for five thou-
sand copies. I shall, at the proper time, move the
printing of five thousand copies. Thanking the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. A. V. Brown] for yield-
ing me the floor after he had submitted his motion
to lay the resolution on the table, I comply with my
promise to him by renewing his motion, at the same
time avowing my determination to vote against it;
for I am well satisfied that it ought to pass for
even a larger number than is specified in the resolu-
tion.
Mr. BEARDSLEY desired that the motion'might
be withdrawn, to give him an opportunity to make
a few remarks. Was there ever (said Mr. B.) a
proposition such as this made to tins House' Would
the House, at this day, break m upon its established
practice, and fall back and adopt the language of a
foreign country in which to disseminate all the pio-
ceedmgs of this House? It was a retrograde move-
ment. If they permitted a precedent of this kind to
be introduced, it would be the entering wedge to any
and all propositions of the same character. Look-
ing at the reason of the thing, would not the same
reason exist for printing all pubhe documents which
came to that House, in the German, French, Span-
ish, and Italian languages? If there was reason Im-
printing m Germnn, "there was equal reason for
printing in French, Spanish, and Italian. He re-
newed the motion to lay upon the table; but it
was oeaiu withdrawn at the request of
Mr.'C. J. INGERSOLL, who acknowledged he
felt some anxiety to sec the proposition before the
House adopted; and he would make a feeble effort
to meet one or two of the propositions of the. gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] and tiie gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Beardslev.] In the
fu-st place, it was objected that this proposition
should not be adopted, because it was now proposed
for the first time. This argument would have lery
3ittle weight indeed. To say that a thing could not
be none because it had never been done before, was
far from being an American system of reasoning.
There would be something plausible in saying taere
were precedents against it; bet to say merely thatjt
had never been done, was no sort of argument. In
the next place, as to the expense, as intimated by
the venerable gentleman from Massachusetts, he
would acknowledge that the expense of printing had
increased largely, and great effort, ought to be made
to reduce instead of enlarging it. He did^ not sup-
pose, however, that this would have the eftect of in-
creasing the expense very materially. The gentle-
man from New York had said, if the first step were
taken it would hav e to be followed up by others. Sir,
(said Mr. Ikgersoll,) "sufficient unto the day is the
evil thereof."
But he would meet this argument m another
view. One of the greatest advantages of the an-
nual assembling of the Congress of the United
States, was the dissemination of those documents,
which were printed here at considerable expense.
Every one must recollect, that a few years ago the
Presidential question was a question of little impor-
tance. Members knew little of qach other, cared
little, and, more than that, they catme together with
antipathies and prejudices. But he would call the
attention of the House to the fact, that at the
last Presidential election, two millions arid a half
of votes were given _ without tumult and without
dissension. If the printing and distributing of these .'
papers should cost one hundred and fifty doHaiS, jffe-
thought that sum could not be better expended'. H&
renewed the motion which, at his request, had fen,
withdrawn; and the yeas and nays"having"been-
called for, they were taken, and resulted—yeas 84,
nays 99, as follows:
YEAS.—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Ashe, Barnard,
Beardsley, Bclser, Benton, Blaokw.ell, Boyd,, Aaron .V.;
Brown, Milton Brown, Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Campbell,
Car;-, C'atlin, Reuben Chapman, Cobb, Coles, Collamer,
Cranston, Cross, Dona, Garrett Davis, Richard D. Davis,
Deberry, Dellet, Dickinson, Dunlap, Ellis, EJlmer, Fish,
Florence. French, Biddings, Gilmer, Willis Green, Byram
Green, Grinnell. Hamlin, Herriek, Holmes, Houston, Hub-
ard, Hubbell, Hudson, James B. Hunt, Cave Johnson, Pres-
ton King, Darnel P. King, Leonard, -V.acltty, McKay, Mur- ■
p'.iv. Newton, Noms, Parmenter, Paterson, Peyton, Phoenix,
Klisha a. Potter, Pratt, Pnrdy, Rathbun, Reding, Rhett,
ItusFell, Saunders, Senter, Severance, Thomas H. Seymour,
I)3vkl L. Peirnour, John Stewart, Thompson, Tyler,
Vance, Vanmeter, Vinton, Wheaton, Williams, Winthrop,
Wise, and W. Wright—84.
NAYS—Messrs. Atkinson, Berringer, Bidlack, Edward J.
Black, James Black, James A. Black, Bossier, Bower, Bow-
lin, J. Brinkerhoft', Brodbead, William J. Brown, Jeremiah
Brown, Buflington, Carroll, Clmginan, Clinton, Cullom,
John U". Davis, Bean, Dickey, Dillingham, Douglass, Dan-
can, Farlee, Ficklm, Foot. Foster, Frick, Grider, Haralson,
Hardin, Harper, Hoys, Henley, Hoge, Hopkins, Hughes,
Washington Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Joseph R. Inger-
soll, Jameson, Jeriks, Perley B. Johnson, Andrew Johnson,
George W. Jones, Kennedy. Kirkpatriek. Labranch, Lewis,
Lucas, Lumpkm, McCauslen, McClellan, McClernand, Mc-
Connell, McDowell, Mcllvaine, Mathews, Moore, Edward
J. Morris, Joseph Morns, Moseley, Nes, Owen, Pettit, Eme-
ry it. Potter, Iiamsey, Almon H. Reod, Charles M. Read,
David S. Re-id, Reife, Bitter, Robinson, St. John, Sample,
Schenck, Simons, Slidell, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith,
Steenrod, Stetson, Andrew Stewart, Stiles, Stone, Taylor,
Thomasson. Tibbatts, Tilden. Welter, Wentworth, White,
Witkms, Woodward, and Tost—99.
M r. WELLER thought this question had been
sufficiently debated, for nearly all the speeches had
been mode for Buncombe; he therefore moved the
previous question.
Some conversation ensued between Mr. SLI-
DELL and Mr. RAMSEY—the former gentleman
wishing the latter so to modify his motion as to
make the number to be printed in French 2,000.
Mi-. It. was understood to object, oil the ground that
the French population were not entitled to so many.
Mr. SLIDELL said the State which he represent-
ed was composed of a population of nearly equal
proportions of French and English. All the judicial
proceedings of that State were translated both in'
French and English; there laws were promulgated
m both languages; and if the German popula-
tion were to have these documents in their native
tougue, ceitahily they should be printed in the
Fiench, which was the constitutional language of
Louisiana. He. hoped the gentleman from Ken-
tucky would make no objection to such a modifica-
tion of his motion as would give them 2,000 copies
in the French language.
Mr. RAMSAY suggested 1,000.
Mr. SLIDELL said, he would state further,
that there was a large French population in Mis-
souri; and he would, therefore, appeal to the cour-
tesy of the. gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. RAMSAY again suggested 1,000. -
Mr. SLIDELL said he preferred 2,000.
Mr. THOMPSON said, if 3,000 copies were
printed ill the German language, 2,000 in the French
language, and 2,000 in Low.Dutch, there would be
a total^ of 7,000 copies; the House had already or-
dered 10,000 to be printed, and thus the number
would be 17,000; and he would venture to say,
that such a number of the message, with the accom-
panying documents, had never yet been printed by
the'House. He thought the gentleman had lost the
proper time to make their motion; if they had been
made when the House ordered the printing of 10,-
000 copies, he ought to have voted for the printing
of that number in the different languages; but now he
co-aid not assent to it. Take, for example, his own
ease. If the House published these documents, he
should get his share of them, and, for himself, he
did not want a single copy of them; and such would
be the case of two-thirds of the members on that
floor. * He had some German fiiends, but, as a
general thing, they could read and speak the Eng-
lish language. Such as he should send such docu-
ments to, and such as would feci complimented by
receiving such a document, he knew could speak
the English language. He should therefore oppose
the motion; for, to print 17,000, was to be, more ex-
travagant, and giving a larger bonus to the print-
ers to the House, than was ever known,
