CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Richmond, Kentucky, praying an increase of his
pension: referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
By Mr. THOMPSON: The petition of W. W.
Browning and J. S. Skinner, praying the confirma-
tion of the location of certain lands made to satisfy
the claim of Alabatcha, by virtue of the 14th article
of Dancing Rabbit creek: referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented additional evi-
dence in support of the claim of John Morgan for a
pension; which, with his other papers on file, were
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions. Al-
so, the papers of Samuel D. Enochs, relating to a
claim for a horse lost in the Black Hawk war; which
were referred to the Committee of Claims.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 19, 1843.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE presented a petition from
sundry citizens of Michigan, praying for the estab-
lishment of a mail rouie from Mount Clemens to
Romeo, in that State: referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. W. also, on leave, introduced a bill to apply
*vcertain alternate sections of the public domain to the
completion of works of internal improvement in the
State of Michigan, and for other purposes; which
was read twice, and referred to the- Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. MILLER presented a memorial from the
president and directors of the Patriotic Bank of
■ Washington, asking for an extension of their char-
ter; which was referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Mr. FOSTER, on leave, introduced a bill to es-
tablish a navy-yard and depot at or adjacent to the
city of Memphis, on the Mississippi river, in the
State of Tennessee; which was read twice, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. MERRICK presented a memorial from Geo.
"Wilson and others, workmen lately employed in the
navy-yard in the city of Washington, representing
the exhaustion of the appropriation for the con-
struction and equipment of vessels, and their conse-
quent sudden discharge from employment; and pray-
ing an early special appropriation for the resump-
tion of the work upon the vessels begun in the said
yard, that they may be restored to employment,
by the unexpected loss of which they are suffering
great hardships during the inclement season of the
winter.
Mr. M. made an appeal in behalf of those work-
men, (some of whom have large families,) who had
been induced to come to this city under a promise,
by the Government, of regular employment; and
maintained that it was the duty of Congress to
make an early appropriation to relieve them from
their calamitous situation. He moved to refer the
memorial to the Committee on Naval Affairs; which
committee, he hoped, would give the subject early
consideration.
Mr. EVANS suggested, as the bill called for an
appropriation, that the Committee on Finance would
be the proper committee to which the memorial
should be referred.
Mr. MERRICK acquiesced in the suggestion;
and that reference was accordingly made.
THE COMPROMISE ACT—THE TARIFF.
Mr. McDUFFIE, agreeably to the notice given
on yesterday, and on leave, introduced a bill to re-
vive the act of the 2d of March, 1833, (usually
called the compromise act,) and to modify the exist-
ing duties upon foreign imports, in conformity with
its piovisions.
The bill having been read the first time by its
title—
Mr. KING moved that the bill then receive a
second reading.
Mr. EVANS inquired if it was with a view to its
reference to a committee.
Mr. McDUFFIE replied in the affirmative.
The bill was then read the second time, as fol-
lows:
Sec. 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of
Representatives of the United States of America in Con-
gress assembled, That so much of the existing law
imposing duties upon foreign imports as provides
that duties ad valorem on certain commodities shall
be assessed upon an assumed minimum value, be,
and the same is hereby, repealed; and that said du-
ties be hereafter assessed on the true value of such
commodities.
Sec 2. Mi be it further enacted, That, in all cases
m which the existing duty upon any imported com-
modity exceeds thirty per centum on the value
thereof, such duty shall hereafter be reduced to thir-
ty per centum ad valorem.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That, from and
After the 31st day of December next, all duties upon
foreign imports shall be reduced to twenty-five per
centum; and, from and after the 31st of December,
1844, to twenty per centum ad valorem.
Mr. McDUFFIE moved that the bill be referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. KING remarked that he had no disposition
to raise objection to a bill of this description; for he
was strongly impressed with the belief that, for the
purpose of raising an amount of revenue adequate for
the support of Government, a great modification
would have to take place in the tariff law of the last
Congress. That bill, he was convinced, would not
bring in an adequate amount for the support of Gov-
ernment, even with the most economical administra-
tion of it. So believing, he hoped that, in one
House or the other, the subject would be taken up,
and receive a calm and thorough investigation. He
rose now for the purpose of expressing his doubts,
founded on the practice of Congress, in regard to
originating bills of this kind in the Senate. When
the famous compromise act (which this bill pro-
posed to revive) passed the Senate, and was sent to
the House, that House was so strongly im-
pressed with the belief that it was wrong to
originate such a bill here, that our bill was
not considered a proper one for their action. They
passed a new bill embracing its identical provisions,
and sent it back for our action again—taking the
ground that subjects of that kind must originate in
the House of Representatives alone. He threw out
this suggestion that honorable gentlemen, in con-
sidering the subject, may be aware of the stand then
taken by, the House. Gentlemen may think
the House was wrong. But if they should come to
a determination that the bill ought not to originate
here, or to some other conclusion, then the Senate
would understand what course to pursue hereafter.
He had not the least objection to the reference pro-
Mr. McDUFFIE, (who was very indistinctly
heard,) was understood to say that he was aware of
the case to which the honorable Senator from Ala-
bama referred. Whatever was then the decision of
the House, most assuredly the decision of the Senate
on this question was a more just rule for the gov-
ernment of the country than any decision of the
House. He was then in the House, and did not rec-
ollect that such a question was distinctly made at
that time; but as a matter of convenience merely,
another bill was introduced, passed, and sent to the
Senate. Though it might not be constitutional to
originate a bill m the Senate to raise revenue, y<?t he
conceived it would be strictly so to originate one
reducing an existing tariff.
Mr. EVANS said he certainly had no objection
to the reference of this bill. He did not make any
objection to its introduction; but, at the same time,
there were existing strong doubts whether a bill of
this character could originate m the Senate. He was
aware of the practice; but as to the compromise bill,
the Senator from Alabama was a little mistaken.
The compromise bill did not pass the Senate, and
was not sent to the House at all. Before it was pass-
ed, the House originated a bill, anil sent it to this
body; and the bill introduced here was laid on the
table, and the other passed. This was a matter,
however, which the Committee on Finance, in con-
sidering the subject, would be likely to investigate.
He did not desire to go into a discussion of this mat-
ter of adequacy of duties under the existing tariff;
but at the proper time, he would take the liberty to
differ with the Senator from Alabama as to the ex-
perience of its effects. His expeiience was, that the
present tariff would furnish enough revenue to car-
ry on the Government.
The bill was then referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. BARROW, on leave, introduced a bill to pro-
vide for the adjustment of land claims in the State
of Mississippi, Louisiana, Alabama, and Arkansas,
and for other purposes; which was read twice,
and referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
Mr. BERRIEN presented a memorial from Com-
mander James Mcintosh, of the United States navy,
asking that compensation may be made him for
services performed extra above his rank in the navy,
under special appointment; referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Aflairs,
Mr. WALKER, on leave, introduced a bill, Au-
thorizing the relinquishment off .the sixteejitli sec-
tions granted for the use of schools,and 4l e cater-
ing; of other lands in lieu thereof; wMch was raid
twice, and referred to the Committee "on Public
Lands. ' ■
Mr. BAYARD gave notice that he would, on! ,1k*.
morrow, ask leave' to introduce a billto increase'Ae
pay of certain officers in the revenue gutters; -while
serving in the navy of the United" States. • ■
Mr. BREESE gave notice that he would, on to-
morrow, «ek leave to introduce a bill for the rdiiW.of-
Pierre Menard and others. , .
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented a petition , from
Elizabeth Young, praying for a continuation of- the
pension to her; which was referred to the- Commit-
tee on Pensions. - * •
The following resolution, introduced bv Mr.
Woodbory yesterday, came up, and was adopted,
viz: _ '
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury report to
the Senate the value of the imports of the year preceding
the 1st of October, 1843, distinguishing those free from the
others; also, the value of the exports during the same pe|
riod, distinguishing those of domestic origin from the others;
and, where the returns are not complete for the last quarter,
estimating the value as near as may be.
On motion by Mr. CRITTENDEN, leave was
granted to withdraw from the files of the Senate the
petition of George Biber, administrator of the es-
tate of William H. Hunter.
The joint resolution to provide for the examina-
tion and survey of the mouth of Red River, came
up on its second reading, as in committee of $ie
whole.
Mr. BARROW moved to amend the first resolu-
tion, by inserting the word "topographical" before
the word "engineers," which was agreed to; and,
on his further motion, the resolution was referred' to
the Committee on Commerce.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, the Senate proceeded
to he consideration of Executive bueinessj and,
after some time spent therein,
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 19, 1843.
The journal having been read—
AFRICAN COLONIZATION.
Mr. JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL rose and c
ed that he was desirous of asking leave of the House
to have a very interesting document of the last ses-
sion printed. It was the report of the Committee
on Commerce on the subject of African coloniza-
tion, and contained amass of matter relative to com-
merce, which was well worth publishing.
The SPEAKER informed the gentleman from
Pennsylvania that his motion was not in order; the
first business before the House being the resolution
of the gentleman from Kentucky, on the subject of
the elections in certain States.
Mr. WISE said he would inform the Speaker and
the House that, as yet, no business whatever had
been referred to the standing committees of ^ the
House; the President's message, and the various
subjects embraced in it, were not yet referred; and it
seemed to him that the most profitable way of com-
mencing the business of the morning would be to
take up that message, and refer the subjects; em-
braced m it to the appropriate standing committees.
With this object in view, he would ask the general
consent of the House to refer the message to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union;
after which, he would move that the House resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole for the pur-
pose of disposing of the various parts of it.
The -SPEAKER reminded the gentleman from
Virginia that the order of the day was on the reso-
lution of the gentleman from Kentucky, (Mr. G.
Davis.)
Mr. G. DAVIS insisted on taking up the order of
the day, and moved the previous question on it.
Mr. WISE moved the suspension of the rules, to
enable him to offer his motion.
Mr. G. DAVIS insisted that his motion for the
previous question was entitled to the piecedence,
Mr. WISE contended that he had not yielded the
floor when the gentleman from Kentucky moved the
previous question, and therefore his motion was
first in order.
The SPEAKER decided that the motion for the
suspension of the rules was first in order, and put
the question on it—which resulted in ayes 98, noes 85.
The rules being thus suspended-
Mr. WISE moved to refer lit® message of tkc
