48
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
President of the Umted States at the opening of the
present session to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE.
On motion by Mr. WISE, the House resolved it-
self into Committee of-the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Hopkins of Virginia in the chair)
—ayes 98, noes 35. , ' .
Mr. W. here submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That se much of the message from the Pres-
ident of the United States to the two Houses of Congress,
at the commencement of the present session, as relates to
our foreign affairs, be referred to the Committee on Foreign
2. That so much thereof as relates to the Indian tribes be
referred to the Committee on Indian Aftairs.
3. That so much as relates to the "receipts into the treas-
ury" and the expenditures for the calendar year 1843; to the
accounts and estimates for the current fiscal year; to the
balances in the treasury, to the subjects of the treasury
notes and loansj to the resources ana deficiencies of rev-
enue; to the ways and means of suppling revenue; to the
public lands and proceeds thereof, as sources of revenue
and as foundations of credit to the Fedeial Government;
and to the revision of the tarifl' with a view to revenue,
be referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
4. That so much as relates to the policy of securing to
the pioneers of the West the right of pre-emption in the
public lands, be referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
5. That so much as relates to the report of the Secretary
of War upon the condition of the army, forts, arsenals, and
the establishment of military posts, &c., be referred to the
Committee on Military Aftairs.
6. That so much as relates to the organization of the
militia be referred to the Committee on the Militia.
7. That so much as relates to the report of the Secretary
of the Navy, and to works on the lakes and rivers of the
West, necessary in case of war to carry on successful
naval operations, be referred to the Committee on Naval
Aftairs.
8. That so much at. relates to the report of the Postmaster
General be referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Boads.
9. That so much as relates to economy and "a system
of accountability" in all the Executive departments be re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Expenditures.
10. That so much as relates to the expenditures of the
several Executive departments be referred to tlieiespect-
ive Committees on Accounts and Expenditures.
U. That so much as relates to the policy of attending to
the lakes and rivers of the West, and as relates to the im-
provement of the navigation of the Mississippi river partic-
ularly, be referred to the Committee on Commerce.
12. That so much as relates to the aftairs and interests of
the District of Columbia, be referred to the Committee for
the District of Columbia.
IS. That so much as relates to the Smithsonian bequest
be referred to a select committee, to consist of mem-
bers.
Mr. A. V. BROWN offered the following amend-
ment:
OREGON TERRITORY.
lUsohed, That so much of the President's message as re-
lates to the occupation and settlement of the Oregon Terri-
tory be referred to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. A. V. BROWN begged leave to remark to
the committee, that the above proposition was sub-
mitted by him by direction of the Committee on
Territories; and the committee would observe that
it did not embrace the idea of military posts, nor
any foreign correspondence in relation to the terri-
tory. The proposition contemplated that that
branch of the subject relating to the number of mili-
tary posts, and their location, should be left to the
Committee on Military Affairs; while the other
branch, relating to disputes about boundaries, for-
eign negotiations, &c., should be left to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs. The simple proposition now
made, was to refer the subjects of occupation and
settlement only to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. ADAMS believed that the subject of the
Oregon Temtory was already referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs in the resolution of die
gentleman from Virginia. He understood the gen-
tleman from Tennessee as saying that he did not
contemplate taking the subject entirely from that
committee; but it seemed to him that, if the motion
prevailed, such would inevitably be the result. It
appeared to him that, if it should be referred to
another committee, the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs would have nothing to do with it.
The CHAIR remarked that the first resolution of
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Wise] was the
immediate subject of consideration before the com-
mittee. The amendment of the gentleman from
Tennessee was therefore not then in order.
Mr. PHCENIX offered an amendment, to refer
the subject of the warehousing system to the Com-
mittee on Commerce; but was informed by the
Chair that his motion would be in order when the
resolution on that subject came up.
The question was then puton the first resolution—
referring so much of the Presidsnt's roeissage as re-
lates to foreign affairs to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs—and decided in the affirmative.
The question being put on referring so much of the
President's message as relates to Indian affairs to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, was decided in the
affirmative. _ -
The question being put on referring so much of
the President's message as relates to receipts and
expenditures for the year 1843, the ways and
means of supplying' revenue, and the revision of
the tariff, &c., &c., to the Committee of Ways and
Means, was decided the affirmative.
The next clause having been read by the Clerk, as
■follows:
"11. That so much as relates to the policy of attend-
ing to the lakes and rivers of the West, and as relates
to the improvement of the navigation of the Missis-
sippi river particularly, be referred to the Committee
on Commerce;"
Mr. THOMASSON moved to amend this resolu-
tion, by striking out so much of it as related to the
improvement of the navigation of the Mississippi ri-
ver particularly.
Mr. THOMPSON, inquired of the Chair if the
amendment had been accepted. He believed that
the resolution did not conform to the message,
which referred, if he was not mistaken, not to the
navigation ofthe Western waters, as stated by the
gentleman, but to the navigation of the Mississippi
river.
Mr. THOMASSON observed, that if his motion
did not conform to the terms of the message, he was
willing that it should be so altered as to be made to
conform to it He did not, however, wish the
House to make any undue distinction; but that they
should take in the whole subject of the improvement
of the navigation of the Western waters. The Mis-
sisippi river was of more importance to himself indi-
vidually than any other; but he was for making no
exception; he desired the whole subject to be refer-
red, that they might have a full report.
Mr. BARNARD asked for the reading of the
resolution and of the amendments; which having
been done, he said he would suggest an alter-
ation which he thought would meet the views of
the gentleman from Kentucky, and, as he hoped,
the views of a large portion of the committee. The
resolution, according to his view, should read, "so
much of the President's message as relates to new
wm-ks for the improvement of harbors or of the nav-
igation of any rivers." The resolution as it now
stood, would refer the whole subject in relation to
the improvement of harbors anywhere and every-
where, both such as were already commenced and
such as were to be commenced, to the Committee on
Commerce. And under that resolution, he did not
see why they might not take charge fif the general
bill for appropriations, ordinarily introduced for the
piirpose of carrying on works already commenced.
That was the reading of the lesolution as it now
stood. The language of the resolution was very
general; it would embrace everything—not only the
improvement of harbors, but the navigation of
rivers, by continuing old works, and also by com-
mencing new ones. This had not been the practice
of the House heretofore; the practice had been to
refer to the Committee of Ways and Means an ap-
propriation bill for carrying on all old works of in-
ternal improvement; and if any new ones were to
be undertaken, they were referred to the Committee
on Commerce. He desired the same course
should be taken now. And he desired, also, that
there should be no invidious distinction made be-
tween any one river and another. He would pro-
pose,therefore,that the resolntion sending the matter
to the Committee on Commerce should be limited,
so that that committee should take charge of new
works only. He was aware that the President, in
his message, had limited his care and concern for the
improvement of harbors and the navigation of rivers
to the Western waters, as if there were no streams
running into the ocean worthy of his regard, except
those west of the mountains. He desired to inform
the House and the President that he could name a
river which bears upon its waters more commerce
than all the other rivers of the United States put to-
gether, (except the Mississippi,) the navigation of
which river was seriously obstructed, and the im-
provement of the navigation of which had been un-
dertaken and prosecuted about half-way, and then
left, to the great detriment of the commerce of the
country. It was a river on which floats nearly a
hundred millions in value every year—a river which
is navigated by nine hundred vessels every season.
He expectcd to be able to present to this House, in
a fejv days, (with the aid of the House,) a report
which had been prepared under the direction of the
Topographical Bureau upon this subject. At pres-
ent, his object was to make the resolution as broad
at least as the President's message, and to refer to the
Committee on Commence, according to the invaria-
ble usage of the House, only the subject of new
works. The subject of continuing works already
begun should go to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ought not to go to the Committee on
Commerce.
He desired the gentleman from Kentucky to un-
derstand that there was no gentleman in that House
who had more at heart the improvement of the navi-
gation of the Western, as well as of the Eastern
waters, than himself. There was no one who had
more zeal upon this subject; and he sincerely hoped
it would be treated fairly. His object at present
was to prevent the House from departing from its
usual custom in regard to this subject, in referring it
to the Committee of Ways and Means; and he
hoped the proposition which he would now make
would meet the views of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky. '
Mr. WISE asked for the reading of the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York. «
If this were the proposition, he had a remark to
make, which, lie thought—
Mr. BARNARD said, if the modification were not
accepted by the gentleman from Kentucky, he#
would move it as a distinct amendment.
The CHAIR intimated that it could not be so
moved until the first amendment should be disposed
of.
Mr. WISE said the proposition, then, was to refer
what was not in the message at all. The proper
matters of reference were what the message con-
tained, and not mere propositions started by members
of that House. And what was the message? He
would like to call the attention of the committee to
what the message contained on the subject of the
improvement of the navigation of the lakes and
rivers of the West. It was divided into three
points; first, the general subject of giving
attention to the lakes and rivers of the West,
giving them all the attention which the Con-
stitution would enable Congress to bestow. It did
not say whether that attention should be given to the
navigation or to the construction of harbors. He
presumed the gentleman was somewhat hypercritical
when he attempted to point out a distinction. Lake
Michigan—ay, even Lake George might be con-
sidered a Western lake within the meaning of the
term. Congress should give their attention to all
lakes and rivers of the country. The navigation of
the lakes and rivers of the interior had been always,
heretofore, considered a subject of primary impor-
tance, whether considered with a view to the im-
provement of the country generally, or to fa-
cilitate military or naval operations. The mes-
sage of the President, in one word, asked
Congress to give their attention to the lakes and
rivers—all the attention which the States would
allow Congress to bestow upon the subject. An ap-
propriation was made by the last Congress for the
improvement of the navigation of the Mississippi;
and the President had, in addition to directing the
attention of Congress to the general subject, alluded
to that river in particular. What did the gentleman
from Kentucky now propose? To assert that the
President said, something in his message about the
navigation of all the rivers of the West. It was
well known to that House, as well as to the nation
at large, that the Mississippi had always been dis-
tinguished from all other rivers, on account of its
magnitude, on account of the vast extent of country
which was bounded by its waters: from its source to
its mouth it laved the borders of many States, which
were consequently all of them deeply interested 111
the free navigation of its waters. That great extent of
country was still, to all intents and purposes, with-
in the territorial jurisdiction of this Government.
This would be admitted by the strict-constiuctionist
of the strictest school. The improvement of the
Mississippi, as compared with that of any other
river over which Congress had jurisdiction, was of
paramount importance. As to the power of inter-
nal improvement, if they allowed the strict sect of
the Pharisees to decide for them, and took only
what they granted, they would have more than
enough to engage their utmost attention—the gentle-
man from S. Carolina, with his rules of strict construc-
tion on the one hand, and the American system on the
'other, to decide to what extent the Constitution
woiild allow Cqngress to go, Ti)e messiige did not
