64
appendix to The congressional globe.
Jan. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
•Abolition Petitions—Mr. Belser.
H. of Reps.
which rejects abolition petitions; and on the
amendment offered by Mr. Black, of Georgia,
to recommit the said report to the committee, -with
instructions to reinstate the rule in their report.
twenty-first rule.
"No petition, memorial, resolution, or other pa-
per, praying the abolition of slavery in the District
of Columbia, or any State or Territory, or the slave-
trade between the States or Territories of the United
States in which it now exists, shall be received by
this House, or entertained in any way whatever.
"January 28, 1840."
Mr. BEtSER rose, he said, to address the House
on a subject which, in his opinion, was by far the
most important that had been submitted for its con-
sideration during the present Congress. He trusted
that he should be able so to govern himself as to
discuss it deliberately, and with reference to the great
interests which were at stake. He desired, then,
before he proceeded further, to state the question
precisely as it was, that he might be able to take a
correct view of it.
He understood, then, that the Select Committee on
the Rules of this House, had introduced a report,
in which the rule on the subject of abolition peti-
tions, heretofore called "the 21st rule," was omitted.
He also understood that, after the report was pre-
sented to this House, there was a proposition
made by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Drom-
coole,] to recommit that report back to the com-
mittee, that a more full attendance might be had,
and another report be made. The gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Black] had gone one step farther,
and had proposed so to amend the motion of the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Dromgoole,] as to
instruct the committee to report back to the House
the rule which had been stricken out. That was
just what _he desired; and to those gentlemen who
talked about economizing the time of the House by
sending the report back to the committee without in-
structions, he would say that there was not one
member on that floor that was not now as well
prepared to rote on this momentous question as he
would be when they had obtained a second report
from the committee,
The gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Cling-
mas,J m the course of lus remarks, which he made
a few days ago, seemed to be of opinion that the
correct course for the South to pursue was to re-
ceive these petitions, and to do nothing more with
them. If he was not greatly mistaken, this House
had, years ago, vainly attempted to make such
a disposition of them; and the plan which the
gentleman suggested would be but to resort
ogam to that remedy which had been tried, and
found ineffectual. He would tell the gentleman from
North Carolina that, in lus opinion, there was but
one plain course to be pursued; and, as a Southern
Representative on this floor, the question with him
was, the rule, or no rule. That was his itjea on
this subject. If they could not have constitutional
guaranties—if it was once admitted that these peti-
tioners h,-jj the right to have their petitions brought
into this hall—he would say, let us have no rule.
Did gentlemen suppose that abolitionists would be
content with having their petitions laid upon the ta-
ble, without further action on them? No. When-
ever they could thus triumph, they would next in-
sist that they be referred, reported on, and debated;
and thus, step by step, this House would be driven,
like so many mariners on a tempestuous ocean,
without either chart or compass. There was but
one security for Soulhern gentlemen; and that was,
to contend for the rule which was now ill force; for,
from the moment they surrendtred to these people
the right to have such petitions recognised here,
from that moment they could place no limitation on
their acts. If the rule rejecting these petitions is to
be abolished, this House had better have no rule at
all in regard to them. If they are to be received, let
a majority control them; and, by this means, wo
would rid their authors of one of their principal ele-
ments of agitation—to wit, "'the right of petition"—
and, for the future, have presented by them only
the isolated question of the abolition of slavery.
He was satisfied that he should be able to show,
by authorities which could not be controverted on
this floor—by English and American precedents—
that this thing called "the right of petition," which
gentlemen held so sacred. existed, in a great
decree, m their own imagination. That they might
arrive at correct conclusions, they must go back to
that period when the Constitution of. the United
States was adopted; they must look at matters as
they then stood; they m\tst look to the mischief
which was to be guarded against, and to the remedy
provided for it. He read to the House a clausc of
the Constitution, being the Erst article of the amend-
ments to that instrument:
"Congress shall make no law respecting an estab-
lishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise
thereof, or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the
Eress; or the right of the people peaceably to assem-
le and to petition the Government for a redress of
grievances."
How came this amendment to be made to the
Constitution? was the first inquiry to which the at-
tention of this House should be directed. Mr.
Story, in his Commentaries on the Constitution,
says: "the provision was probably borrowed from
the declaration of rights in England, on the revolution
of 1G88, in which the right - to petition the King for
a redress of grievances was insisted on; and the
right to petition Parliament, in the like manner, has
been provided for, and guarded by statutes, passed
before as well as since that period."—(See Story's
Commentaries, abridgment, page 707, sec. 999.)
He would now commence the examination of
English history; for he wished to bring the atten-
tion of the House to the reasons which induced the
framers of the Constitution to introduce this pro-
vision into that instrument. The gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Rhett] had yesterday enu-
merated some of the cases which gave rise to that
particular clause in the Constitution. The learned
gentleman had read from Hawkins's Pleas of the
Crown, in regard to the "riot act," and cited case
after case, and precedent after precedent, in order
to fortify the position he had assumed before this
honorable body. This "riot act" was in force at
the time of the American Revolution, and hundreds
had been maimed and murdered under the sanction
of that very act; and it was this, in connexion with
other outrages, which induced the framers of the
Constitution to incorporate this clause, respecting
"the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and
to petition the Government for a redress of griev-
ances."
He would now read to the House, from a very
able report of the Senate of New York, made in
1839, to show what it was that led to the adoption
of the English bill of rights in 1688, and which, he
contended, gave rise, also, to the first amendment ot
the Federal Constitution.
The report states: "To prevent the people from
assembling and discussing these grievances, severe
laws were made against what the minions of power
might deem a'riot,''rout,'or 'unlawful assembly.'
Even at common law, where a number of persons,
from three to eleven, are concerned, fine, imprison-
ment, and the pillory are awarded."—(Hawk. P. C.
159.)
"By the Stat. 13, Hen. IV, e. 7, any two justices,
together with the sheriff, may come with the posse
comitates, and suppress any such riot, assembly, or
rout, arrest the rioters, record on the spot the cir-
cumstances, and which record alone shall be a suf-
ficient conviction of the offenders. And any mur-
dering or killing of the offenders was held to be
justifiable.
"The riotous assembing of twelve person, or more,
and not dispersing upon proclamation, was made high
treason.by Stat. 3 and 4, Edw. VI, c. 5; but repealed
Stat. 1 M., c. 1. But this offence was again made
felony by 1 M., stat. 2, c. 12, and by 1 Eliz., c. 16,
at the termination of whose reign the law expired.
It was, however, revived and made perpetual by
1 Geo. I, c. 5, which enacts, that if any twelve per-
sons are unlawfully assembled to the disturbance of
the peace, and any one justice of the peace, sheriff,
under sheriff, or mayor, shall think proper to
command them, by proclamation, to disperse, if they
contemn his orders and continue together for one
hour afterwards, such contempt shall be felony,
without the benefit of clergy. And if the reading of
the proclamation be by force opposed, or in any
manner wilfully hindered, such opposers and hin-
derers are felons without the benefit of clergy;
and all persons concerned, knowing of such hin-
drance, and not dispersing, are felons with-
out the benefit of clergy. And the act indem-
nifies the officers and their assistants, if they
kill any of the assemblage in endeavoring to dis-
perse them. Thus a king's officer, if he adjudged
his Majesty's peace would be disturbed by a dis-
cussion of publie grievances, might, 'if he should
think proper,' read the proclamation, and order the
assemblage to disperse; and, if they did not obey the
mandate in one hour, they were felons, and the offi-
cer and his assistants, or soldiers, might resort to
the ultima ratio regum—the regal logic of balls and
bayonets."
"For a long period in English history, individuals
were liable to be arrested, imprisoned, and severely
punished, for having signed their names to a peti-
tion.
"To subscribe a petition to the King, to induce him
to change his measures, intimating that, if he denied,
many thousands of his subjects will be discontented,
&c., is included among the contempts against the
King's person and government, ana is punishable
by fine and imprisonment."—(Hawk. P. C. 60.)
By the stat. 13, Charles II., stat. 1, c. 5, no peti-
tion to the King, or either House of Parliament, for
any alteration in church or state, shall be signed by
above twenty persons, unless the matter thereof be
approved by three justices of the peace, &c.; nor shall
any petition be presented by more than ten persons
at a time, on pain, in either case, of incurring a pen-
alty not exceeding ~£l00and three months'imprison-
ment."
"In 1641 a petition, or protestation, was drawn up
and signed by twelve bishops, addressed to the
King and House of Lords, which set forth that,
though they had an undoubted right to sit and vote
in Parliament, yet, in coming thither, they had been
menaced, assaulted, and affronted; and could no
longer, with safety, attend their duty in the House;
and they protested against all laws, votes, and reso-
lutions, which should pass during their constrained
absence from the House. For having sent this pe-
tition, or protest, they were sequestrated from Par-
liament and committed to prison, and tried for high
treason."
"After the popular current had turned strongly
against Charles the 1st, in 1642, 'all petitions,'
says Hume, 'which favored the church or monar-
chy, from whatever hand they came, were discour-
aged, and the petitioners were sent sent for, im-
prisoned, and prosecuted as delinquents.'"—(3d vol.
p. 567 see also Clarendon, vol. 2, p. 449.)
"But the most violent persecutions were carried on
against individuals of all descriptions, high and
low, for having dared to put their names to peti-
tions during the reign of James II. In 1688, this
monarch published a declaration of indulgence, as
it was called, and subjoined an order that, immedi-
ately after Divine service, it should be read by the
clergy in all the churches. Six prelates however,
with the primate, presented a petition to the King,
beseeching that he would not insist on their reading
the declaration. 'The King,' says Hume, 'was
incapable of yielding, not only to the greatest oppo-
sition,but of allowing the slightest and most respect-
ful contradiction to pass uncensured. He caused
the bishops to be committed to the tower; and
the crown lawyers received orders to prosecute them
for the seditious libel, which it was pretended they
had composed and uttered. They were tried, and,
against all the influence of the court, were acquitted
by the jury. When the wished-for verdict, not
guilty, was pronounced, the intelligence was echoed
through the hall, was conveyed to the crowd with-
out, was carried into the city, and was propagated
with infinite joy throughout the kingdom.'"—
(Hume's Hist. Eng. chap. 70. Consult, also, the
State trials and proceedings in star chamber.)
These (Mr. B. contended) were the cases of op-
pression which gave rise to the bill of rights in Eng-
land in 1688; and by that bill of rights, and the
statutes enforcing it, no further "prosecutions" were
allowed against those "who petitioned the King."
All these acts of tyranny above enumerated were
pronounced to be unjust towards the subjects of that
country; and the remedial act of Parliament further
declnred "that it is the right of the subject to peti-
tion the King; and all commitments and prosecutions
for such petitioning are illegal." This act, then,
only exempts petitioners from "all commitments and
prosecutions for such petitioning." It does not say
that, when they petition, their petitions are to be re-
ceived.
He would now show, from other authorities cited
in the same report, that, before and after the adoption
of the English bill of rights, petitions were re-
jected by Parliament; and this he would do in sup-
port of the view already advanced—that the English
bill of rights was intended only to do away with
"commitments and prosecutions," and not to vest
any authority in those who might see fit to petition
Pailiament, to have their petitions considered. And
he would then cite the Houye to certain precedents
in the legislation of this Government, wherein peti-
tions have been rejected by each branch of the Na-
