50
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
one nation and one people, and he would go with
them.
Mr. WILKINS spoke of the importance of the
Ohio and Mississippi, and their vast superiority
over the Hudson. .There was no such highway for
commerce on the face of the earth as the Ohio and
the Mississippi; and yet, was there any highway of
commerce that was so much neglected as the Ohio
and the Mississippi rivers had been by the General
Government? Compare, for one moment, the annual
appropriations made for the waters on the seaboard
and for the Western waters. Look at what was
done for the seaboard in the neighborhood of the
Hudson river, if not for that river itself.
Look at your fortifications, light houses, break-
waters, sea-walls, and the immense expenditures in
the equipment of the navy, all expended on the sea
board. Look at your annual expenditures at your
great Atlantic cities—New York, Philadelphia, and
Baltimore—and compare them with your expendi-
tures at New Orleans. It was impossible to reflect
on the vast importance of the latter city, without
being mortified at the little that had been done for
it; and looking back upon its past history, it would
be difficult to see what favors had been extended
to it^ by the Government, unless, indeed, in the
sending Gen. Jackson there to defend it in 1815. On
the Ohio and Mississippi rivers, there were at least
6,000 miles of uninterrupted navigation—equal to two
trips across the Atlantic; and what, he would ask,
had been done for it.' Last year there were expend-
ed probably some forty or fifty thousand dollars in
the commencement of improvements, which must
be all lost without a continuance of the works thus
begun. Now this was an additional reason for the
President's recommending the attention of Congress
to the Western waters; for, unless the work which
has been commenced is continued, the money al-
ready expended will be lost. There was another
reason why the Ohio and Mississippi rivers stood in
a peculiar light before them; and that was, there
were no rivers in the United States, or anywhere
else, in which the trade and commerce carried on
its bosom were exposed to so many currents. There
was an immense volume of water, to be sure; but the
whole of these rivers, from one end to the other
piesented continued peril to the enterprising travel-
ler and trader. Let gentlemen reflect on the losses
to commerce; annually; incurred on these waters, and
they would see an additional reason for the introduc-
lion of this subject in the President's message.
The Government was now engaged, at Pittsbur^
(which stood at the head of the navigation of the
Ohio,) in the construction of iron steamships, in-
tended for the navigation of the Gulf of Mexico;
and he hoped the period was not distant when they
should see a naval depot at some point either m
Kentucky, Indiana, or Illinois, where all these ves-
sels could be equipped without going round to the
Atlantic seaboard. This was an additional reason
why the President had wisely pointed out the great
national importance of the improvement of the
Western waters. Mr.W., in conclusion, adverted to
the fact that more than half the States of the Union
had territory bordering immediately on these rivers
and that there was hardly a State which was not
deeply interested in the commerce and navi ation
carried on through them. We of the West"Vsaid
he) ask but little—we ask but the removal of the
obstructions in the way of the most important ooni~
merce m the world; and to secure this end, we hope
the introduction of other general subjects will be
avoided, and that a resolution will be adopted point-
ing directly to the object in view.
Mr. BEARDSLEY fully appreciated the merits
and impoi'tanoe of the great West, and had no douht
that every one here was willing to accord to that re-
gion all the praise that it deserved. He was willin"-
to admit, too, that Pittsburg, standing at the head of
Western navigation, was a great and flourish™ «■
town; but, he would ask, what had all this to do
With the question before the House? What was it
to the question under consideration, that Mississip-
pi was a great stream, and deserved the attention
and iavors of the Government' What was it to the
question before them, that the tariff was oppressive
to the South and that it was the interest of the
iioutti and West to unite and put it down? That
was not the point before the committee. Why were
all these matters brought up now? Why this bill-
ing and cooing between the South and West on the
mere matter of referring the President's message'
lie had no particular objections to these love-mat-
ters; but he disliked to see them introduced on so
a matter as referring a particular portion of
the message, to the delays of the business of the
House. If the gentleman from Virginia fairly and
correctly stated the purport of the President's mes-
sage, it was plain that the reference should include
all the rivers and lakps of the country. We might,
said he, wish the message to contain other matter;
but, in referring it, all we have to do is to refer what
is pertinent and relevant to it.
According to the gentleman's explanation when
the President spoke of the lakes and rivers
of the West, he meant Lake Champlain, Connecti-
cut river, &c., as well as the Mississippi and Ohio.
The honorable gentleman said that the President
meant all the lakes and rivers of the Union, so far as
Congress had anything to do with them. This
being the case, they could have little difficulty in re-
ferring the subject of all the lakes and rivers of the
country, without confining the reference to any one
of them.
Mississippi, to be sure, was a most magnificent
stream, and there were no rivers in the East to be
compared with it. But the Eastern rivers might want
something; though, as this was not the proper time
for it, he would not say that they would. Lake
Champlain, too, was an important sheet of water;
it touched on Canada; we had many important posts
on it, and a great battle was fought there during the
last war. But all this had nothing to do with the
question, and he would not now discuss the subject
of what should be appropriated for it. But he would
ask, did the gentleman from Indiana mean that, be-
cause Mississippi was more important than Lake
Champlain, nothing should be done for the latter,
nor for Lake Ontario, Lake Erie, &c.? There could
be no reason for it; and the President, he believed,
did not intend to select out one or two objects and
recommend them to the notice of Congress as the
only ones on which the power of the Govern-
ment should be exercised.
Mr. WISE (with the permission of the gentle-
man from New York) explained that his only ob-
ject was to refer the subjects embraced m the Presi-
dent's message. If there was anything which gen-
tlemen deemed of importance, not included in the
message, they could oiler a separate resolution in re-
lation to it.
Mr. THOMASSON aslced leave to offer a single
suggestion. He did not believe that the committee
understood his proposition. It was merely to leave
out the river Mississippi.
Mr. WISE. Do I understand that the gentleman
would be content if the navigation of the Mississip-
pi is stricken out'
Mr. THOMASSON replied that that was his ob-
ject. It was clue to the importance of the subject
that the lakes and rivers of the West should be re-
ferred to some committee more suitable than the
Committee on Commerce, to take them into conside-
ration .
Mr. BEARDSLEY continued: He wanted to
know if gentlemen meant to exclude the great
Northern lakes; and if so, oil what principle were
they to be excluded? He could not believe that the
President had any such ideas in framing his mes-
sage; but that he intended that all our lakes and
rivers which come, f lirly within the scope of the
power of the Government shall be, considered by
Congress with the same favor. It seemed to him,
therefore, that everything relating to the improve-
ment of our navigable waters, whether in the North,
the W est, or the South, should be referred to the
same committee. In this way they would avoid
any sectional uews which, it seemed, had sprung
up, without cause, in the couise of the debate.
Mr. BELSER observed that they had been enter-
tained for an hour or two in tlus discussion, which
did not seem to promise any useful result. The
gentleman from New Yoik intimated that there was
some courtship going on between the South and
West^but, at the same time, showed himself a for-
midable rnal to the former; for he played as deeply
for the favor of the West as any of them. We have
been told on all hands, said he, of the great and
growing commerce of the West, and its magnificent
streams, and that they really deserve the fostering
care of the Government; but gentlemen had omitted
to tell them where the money was to come from that
they wanted to expend on them. He wanted to re-
mind gentlemen that they (or at least a majority of
them) came here as a reformed and reforming Con-
ress—that they came here to reduce and limit the
expenditures of the Government, not to increase
them. If gentlemen would tell him where the money
•was to come from for these splendid schemes, he
should be better satisfied to sec it voted awa.y. He
was as willing to protect the commerce of the Missis-
sippi as anybody; but what he did should be within
the means at the disposal of Congress, and un-
der the limitations of the Constitution. It appeared
to him, however, that millions would not be suffi-
cient for the. expenditures of the year, if half the
magnificent schemes he had heard of should be car-
ried out. One gentleman talked of making the Ore-
gon blossom as the rose, while another talked of
splendid improvements for the Hudson and Missis-
sippi. One had forts and arsenals in contemplation,
while another had dockyards and naval stations in
view. But he would, at the outset, ask all these
gentlemen where the money was to come from; and
he warned the majority on this floor that they did
not comc here to increase the expenditures of the
Government, but to reduce and limit them.
Mr. HARDIN said the proposition, jas he un-
derstood it, was to refer the subject of the improve-
ment of the Western waters to the Committee on
Commerce, with an amendment to refer the subject
to a select committee. He was oppored to the refer-
ence of the question to the Committee on Commerce;
and if he wanted an argument to confirm him in this
opinion he was furnished with one by the gentleman
from South Carolina. He did not wish that the ov.es-
tion should be referred to that committee, because
there was nota single Western man upon the commit-
tee. To the members of the committee personally, he
had no objection; they were men of liberal views, he
had no doubt, but they could not be sufficiently ac-
quainted with the subject. He desired that the
matter should be referred to a committee which
should be identified with them in feeling and in
interests.
[Here a conversation arose as to the precise ques-
tion before the committee, which was stated by the
Chair to be upon the amendment of Mr. Douglass
to refer the subject to a select committee, the propo-
sition of Mr. Thomasson having been withdrawn.]
Mr. H. continued: What an amount of suf-
fering and loss of property there had been in
consequence of the neglect of improvement of
the navigation of the Mississippi! The naviga-
tion of all the other rivers of the Union was in-
significant in comparison with the Mississippi;
and the interest of the whole Union required that
these Western waters should have the attention of
men who were acquainted with the interests of the
West. The radical defect of all the attempts to
improve the navigation of the Western waters was,
that those who had%een the promoters of those im-
provements had not possessed sufficient knowledge
on the subject. The works were invariably aban-
doned in an incomplete state, for want of the proper
information, and for want of a regular system of
procedure. It was now time for Western men to
take hold of the subject. They ought to have a par-
ticular bureau for the West, which should have the
care of the interests of that portion of the country.
He wished that a committee should be appointed;
and he now gave notice that, at the proper time, he
would ask the House to strike out the whole reso-
lution, and adopt a proposition for the appointment
of a standing committee, whose duties should not
cease with the close of the present session, but
which should, in all time to come, have the care and
supervision of the interests of the country west of
the Alleganies. It was for the interest of the pro-
ducer of exports that the means of transportation
should be made easy; because the cost of transpor-
tation comes out of the producer. The object could
only be attained by the appointment of a special
committee.
There was an additional reason why this proposi-
tion should be acceded to, and it was this: because
gentlemen would come in and offer propositions m
amendment of the appropriation bill, to appropriate
money for the improvement of the Ohio ami the
Mississippi rivers—amendments which would ride
the bill to death—and so their object would be defeat-
ed; but if there was a Committee on Navigation,com-
posed of members who understood thoroughly the
interests of the West, there would be system and
uniformity observed, instead of being lost amid a
mass of indigestible matter.
We of the West (said Mr. Harding) ask this, not
merely as a matter of favor, but as a matter of sheer
justice and right. It had been said truly, that Con-
gress does not come together to make appropriations
without referring the subjects to committees, and ob-
taining reports upon them, m order that the House
might not be taken by surprise: this was the reason
why there should be a regular system adopted and
acted upon judiciously. He hoped, therefore, that
