Jan. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
65
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Jibolition Petitions—Mr. Belser.
H. of Reps.
tional Legislature, since the adoption of the first, arti-
cle of the amendments of the Constitution of the
United States—the American bill of rights.
"1643. The assembly of divines presented a
petition to the Lords, setting forth 'the daily in-
crease and growth of all manner of outrages and in-
tolerable abominations—such as drunkenness, swear-
ing, uncleanliness, and other crying sins;' and pray-
ing for the speedy appointment of some able, godly,
and prudent magistrates." No notice was taken of the
petition.
''1643. The University of Cambridge petitions the
Lords and Commons, setting forth, 'how, in our
colleges, our numbers grow thin, and our revenues
short; how, frightened by the neighboring noise of
war, our students either quit their gowns or abandon
their studies; how our degrees be disesteemed,'" &c.;
and praying for some relief. No notice was taken of
the petition.
"1648. A petition to the Commons from 'thou-
sands of well-affected persons inhabiting the city of
London, Westminster,' &c., praying that 'laws
should be made for the election of representatives
yearly; that trade should be freed from monopolizing
or engrossing, by companies or otherwise,' &c. No
notice taken of the petition. Subsequently, there
was a petition from the same petitioners, asking for
an answer to their first petition. This, also, not
noticed in any manner."
These cases of the rejection of petitions (Mr. B.
said) occurred in England prior to the bill of rights
in 1688. Now, what took place in regard to the
same matter, in that country, after the granting of
the said bill of rights?
"1694, April 9. A petition was tendered to the
House, relating to the bill granting duties upon the
tonnage of ships; and the question being put, that
the petition be received, it passed in the negative."
"1698, April 28. The same vote, on a petition
against a bill laying a duty on pit coal."
"The same year, 29th and 30th of June, similar
votes on other petitions, relating to duties upon
Scotch linen and whale fins."
"1703. A vote not to receive the p t tion of the
malsters."
"1706, 21st December. Resolved, That this House
will receive no petition for any sum of money, re-
lating to public service, but what is recommended
from the Crown."
"1713, June 11. The above is declared to be a
standing order of the House."
Mr. B. then commenced citing the American au-
thorities:
"A petition, or remonstrance, of the citizens of
York, Pennsylvania, approving the removal of the
deposites by the President, was presented to the
Senate; and, on its being read, Mr. Clay objected to
its reception; and on the question, 'Shall it be re-
ceived?' it was determined in the negative.
"On motion of Mr. Preston, the yeas and nays
being desired by one-fifth of the members—
"Those who voted in the affirmative were—
"Messrs. Benton, Brown, Forsyth, Giundy, Hen-
dricks, Hill, Kane, King of Alabama, King of Ga.,
Lyon, McKean, Mangum, Morris, Robinson, Shep-
ley, Tallmadge, Tipton, White, Wilkins, and
Wright—20.
"Those who voted in the negative were—
"Messrs. Bell, Block, Calhoun, Clay, Clayton,
Ewnig, Frelinghuysen, Kent, Leigh, Moore, Nau-
dain, Poiadexter, Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Robbins,
Silsbee, Smith, Southard, Sprague, Swift,~ Tomlin-
son, Waggaman, and Webster—24."
He would next institute an inquiry into the action
of this House on the subject. He said that the
Pinckney, the. Patton, and the Atherton resolutions,
had all been before the House; but that the standing
rule to reject abolition petitions, now in force, must
out weigh all of them, on the ground "that later rules
repeal all former ones.'1 He further stated that he
had shown a standing order in England, not to re-
ceive any petition "for any sum of money relating
to public service, but what is recommended from
the Crown," long after the bill of rights was had in
that Government; that, in connexion with this, he
had produced a precedent from the American Senate,
the most august legislative tnbunal on earth, and
also a "standing rule" of this House, now in force,
rejecting petitions; and to show how these prece-
dents should be considered, ho would read from
Story's Commentaries on the Constitution, (Abridg-
ment,) page 137, sec. 185: ■
"And, after all, (says the learned author) the most
unexceptionable source of collateral interpretation is
from the practical exposition? of the Government
itself, in its various department upon particular ques-
tions, discussed and settled upon their own single
merits. These^ approach the nearest, in their own
nature, to judicial expositions; and have the same
general recommendation that belongs' to the latter.
.They are decided upon solemn argument, pro re
nata, upon a doubt raised—upon a lis mota, upon a
deep sense of their importance and difficulty in the
face of the nation, with a view to present action, in
the midst of jealous interests, and by men capable
of urging or repelling the grounds of argument,
from their exquisite genius, their comprehensive
learning, or their deep meditation upon the absorb-
ing topic."
[Here he was cut off by the morning hour.]
On the ensuing day—to wit, the 13th instant—Mr.
Belser again took the floor and concluded his
argument, which he commenced on yesterday.
After a brief recapitulation of what he had already
stated to the House, he said that the next
question which he wished to bring to its attention
was, as to what was the matter contained in the
English bill of rights; because, if, by comparing it
with the first amendment of the Constitution of the
United States, it was found that they were nearly
identical—that the reasons which induced the grant-
ing of the bill of rights in England, and that which
caused the adoption of the amendment of the
American Constitution, were the same—then the
same reasoning must govern in this case. Mr.
B. read from the grievances which were complained
of, and showed that it was by "prosecuting those
who petitioned the King," and also from the act of
Parliament, in aid of the bill of rights, "that it is
the right of the subject to petition the King, and
all commitments and prosecutions for such peti-
titioning are illegal." He contended that the object
in adopting the bill of rights, was to keep the^ub-
ject "from commitment and prosecution." And if
gentlemen would take the trouble to examine au-
thorities on this point, they would find, that there
was not one solitary loop to hang a doubt on. The
right of petition, which was secured to these
parties, was not what gentlemen contended for;
it did not authorize them to have petitions received,
independent of the will of Parliament. Mr. B. again
read from that amendment of the Constitution pro-
viding that "Congress shall make no law abridging
the right of the people peaceably to assemble and to
petition the Government for a redress of grievances,"
&c. The object of the amendment was to secure
the people of this country in assembling together, to
petition for the redress of grievances; and no other
object had been intended by it. It was to put down
everything like the "riot act," and scrupulously to
guard against such unmitigated oppression in this
free Government. And by way of strengthening
this position, he would further state, that, when the
Constitution of the United States was under con-
sideration, a bill of rights was strongly con-
tended for at that time, and that it drew forth from
Mr. Hamilton, in the 84th No. of the Federalist,
oage 393, the following cogent observations:
"It has been (said Mr. H.) truly remarked that, bills
of rights are, in their origin, stipulations between
Kings and their subjects, abridgments of prerogative
in favor of privilege, reservations of rights not sur-
rendered to the prince. Such was the Magna Charta
obtained by the barons, sword in hand, from King
John. Such was the subsequent confirmation of that
charter by succeeding princes. Such was the jieli-
ticn of right assented to by Charles I, m the be-
ginning of his reign. Such, also, was the declara-
tion of rights presented by the Lords and Commons
to the prince of Orange in 1688, and afterwards
thrown into an act of Parliament, called the bill of
rights. It is evident, therefore, that, according to their
primitive signification, they have no application to con-
stitutions jmfessedhj founded upon the power of the peo-
ple, and executed by their immediate representatives and
servants. Here, in strictness, the people sanender noth-
ing; and, as they letam every 'Jung, they have no need
of particular reservations. We, the people of the
United States, to secure the blessings of liberty to
ourselves and,our posterity, do ordain and establish this
Constitution of the United States of America. This
is a better recognition of popular rights than
volumes of those aphorisms which make the princi-
pal figure m several of our State bills of rights, and
which would sound much better in a treatise of
ethics than in a constitution of government."
The prohibition in the Constitution is, "Congress
shall make no law abridging the rights of the peo-
ple peaceably to assemble," &c. In what tribunal
was the te-vy-roairing power vested in this country,'
He again quoted from the Constitution—arti-
cle 1, sec. 1:
"All legislative powers herein granted, shall be
vested in a Congress of the United States,- which
shall consist of a Senate and House of Eepresenta-
tives."
Again: "Every bill which shall havei passed the
House of Representatives and the .Senate, shall,', be-
fore it bccome a law, be presented ito the President
of the United States; if he approve it, he shall sign
it; but, if not, he shall return it, with his objections,
to that House in which it shall have originated^ who
shall enter the objections at large, and proceed to re^
consider it," &c. (See Constitution, 1st article, sec-
tion 7.)
This House, then, of itself, could make no "law."
It had to pass both branches of the National Legis-
lature, and be approved by the President, to become
a "law;" unless, m case of refusal on the part of
the President to sign it, two-thirds of each House
shall agree to pass the bill. The "21st rule" of this
House, then, is not a "law" of Congress, but a
"rule" of one branch of it. There was another
clause of the Constitution, which says, that "each
House may determine the rules of its proceedings."
When this House adopted this "rule," did it not
"determine the role of its proceedings?" and .was
not the power more clearly given than the i;ight to
send petitions into this hall against the will of its
members5 But, independent of this constitutional
provision, it was inherent in this body to protect it-
self in such a manner as to expedite the public busi-
ness of the country. As to this right of petition,
the thing depended upon volition; in the language
of another: "The right to petition on the subject of abo-
litionism, is no more sacred than the right to petition on
any other subject. The right to refuse to petition on any
subject, is as sacred as the right to petition; the right
to deny what is solicited by petition, as the right to petir
tion; the right to refuse to read a petition, as the right
to request its reading—the right to refuse to print, to re-
fer, to debate, or to discuss a petition, as the right to
solicit such printing, reference, or discussion." The
people out of this hall may petition; but their Rep-
resentatives on this floor have just as much right to
reject their petitions as they have to present them.
Mr. B. further said that there was another clause
in die Constitution which guarantied evpry State in
this Union from "domestic violence;" and that the
daily agitation of the abolition of slavery in this
hall had a tendency to excite "domestic violence"
in the States, which was a flagrant and unjustifia-
ble infringement upon that instrument; and that this
House ought not, in good faith to the South, (which
came into the Union under.the broad mantle of the
compromises of the Constitution,) to receive, or
even entertain these abolition petitions. As a
Southern man, he would have the "21st rule," or
no rule at all. The Constitution gave this House
the power to receive or rcjoct petitions; and, no
matter with him how other Southern gentlemen
acted, his demand was, the rule or no rule—not a rule
to receive, but a rule to reject, such petitions.
Mr. B. said he never listened to the venerable
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] but
with the most profound respect for his learning and
his public character. He hoped he should always
feel inclined to pay a proper respect to the gentle-
man's high standing in this Government. He was
not so politically intolerant as to deny to him the
free and unrestrained exercise of his opinions in
this hall. When on the subject of abolition, he
listened to him "more in sorrow than in anger."
There was running in his veins some of the best
revolutionary blood; and when Mr. B. had heard
the venerable gentleman ask, a few days ago,
whether or not the Declaration of Independence
had left this hall, he had been forcibly struck with
the idea that the gentleman's renowned ancestor
was one of the men who spoke that memorable in-
strument into existence. He thought to hinuelt,
can the son, whose father took such a part m the
history of those times, longer peisist in the course
which he is pursuing, and thus blot out a name
which stood so pre-eminent in the galaxy of Ameri-
can statesmen? He appealed to him to desist from the
course he was pursuing, which is fast hastening this
Government to a crisis, and which will end in its
dissolution. And, with all kindness towards the
venerable gentleman, he (Mr. B.) would say,
that he occupied the same position in relation
to slavery in the plantation States, that his father did
at the time he signed the Declaration of Indepen-
dence, in the closest bond of. union with slavehold-
ers. Does (he gentleman call th?,t n grievance
