Jan. 1843.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
67
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Improvement of the Western waters—Mr. T. Smith.
H. of Beps.
He belonged not to that number who scent-
ed danger in every breeze; still he would not be
lulled into a fatal security, from the assurance given
by gentlemen, that all they desired was to maintain
the inalienable right of petition. For one, he could
not stand on this floor and declare that "all's well."
In his opinion, the dove had left the ark, soon to re-
turn without finding any resting place for the sole
of her foot.
In conclusion, he admonished the House to be-
ware of its action on this subject; and stated that if
the crisis ever should come when the compromises
of the Constitution as to slavery should be disre-
garded, the Potomac, on whose shores they now
stood, might still continue to roll its waters to the
ocean, but it would only be that the spiritless Amer-
ican might walk around the tomb of Washington,
and mourn in sorrow over the last vestige of human
liberty.
APPENDIX.
pinckney resolutions.
Offered Thursday, February 4, 1836.
Resolved, That all memorials which have been of-
fered, or may hereafter be* presented to this House,
praying for the abolition of slavery in the District
of Columbia; and also the resolutions offered by an
honorable member from Maine, [Mr. Jarvis,] with
the amendment thereto, proposed by an honorable
member from Virginia, [Mr. Wise,] and every other
paper or proposition that may be submitted in rela-
tion to that object, be referred to a select committee,
with instructions to report:
That Congress possesses no constitutional author-
ity to interfere in any way with the institution of
slavery in any of the States of this confederacy; and
that, in the opinion of this House, Congress ought
not to interfere in any way with slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, because it would be a violation of
the public faith, unwise, impolitic, and dangerous to
the Union; assigning such reasons for these conclu-
sions as, in the judgment of the committee, may be
best calculated to enlighten the public nund, to re-
press agitation, to allay excitement, to sustain and
preserve the just rights of the slaveholding States,
and of the people of this District, and to re-establish
harmony and tranquillity among the various sections
of the Union.
patton resolution.
Offered December 21, 1837
Resolved, That all petitions, memorials, and papers
to aching the abolition of slavery, or the buying, sel-
ling, or transferring of slaves in any State, District,
or Territory of the United States, be laid upon the
table, without being debated, printed, read, or refer-
red; and that no further action whatever be had
thereon.
atherton resolutions.
Offered December 11, 1838.
1. Resolved, That this Government is a Govern-
ment of limited powers; and that, by the Constitu-
tion of the United States, Congress has no jurisdic-
tion whatever over the institution of slavery in the
several States of the confederacy.
2. Resolved, That petitions for the abolition of
slavery in the District of Columbia and the Territo-
ries of the United States, and against the removal
of slaves from one State to another, are a part of
the plan of operations set on foot to affect the in-
stitution of slavery in the several States, and thus
indirectly to destroy that institution within their
limits.
3- Resolved, That Congress has no right to do
that indirectly which it cannot do directly; and that
the agitation of the subject of slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia or Territories, as a means and
with a view of disturbing or overthrowing that in-
stitution in the several States, is against the true
spirit and meaning of the Constitution; an infringe-
ment of the rights of the States^ affected; and a
breach of the public faith on which they entered
into this confederacy.
4. Resolved, That the Constitution rests on the
broad principle of equality among the members of
this confederacy; and that Congress, in the exercise
of its acknowledged powers, has no right to discrim-
inate between the institutions of one portion of the
States and another, with a view of abolishing the
one and promoting the other.
5. Resolved, therefore, That all attempts, on the
part of Congress, to abolish slavery in the District
of Columbia or the Territories, or to prohibit the
removal of slaves from State to State, or to discrim-
inate between the institutions of one portion of the
country and another, with the views aforesaid, are
in violation of the Constitution, destructive of the
fundamental principles on which the union of these
States rests, and beyond the jurisdiction of Congress;
and that every petition, memorial, resolution, prop-
osition, or paper, touching or relating, in any way,
or to any extent whatever, to slavery, as aforesaid,
or the abolition thereof, shall, on the presentation
thereof, without any farther action thereon, be laid
on the table, without being debated, printed, or re-
ferred.
SPEECH OF ME. THOMAS SMITH,
of indiana.
In the House of Representatives, January 17, 1844—
On the improvement of the western waters.
Mr. Speaker: The question under debate has ta-
ken a wide range, and the anxiety expressed by
some gentlemen around me to bring it to a close, al-
most deters me from the attempt to address you at
this time. Sir, I would forego the opportunity your
kindness has afforded me, if this was not a western
question, and that I claim, emphatically, to be a
western man. I voted for the previous question to
bring this debate to a close; but it has just been
voted down, and the question is again open. Under
these circumstances, I hope to have the indulgence
of the House, for a short time, to express my appro-
bation of the proposition submitted by the honorable
member from the Louisville district, Kentucky,
[Mr. Thompson.}
Sir, it is a proposition that I approve, and it is pre-
sented in that shape that I approve. It is presented
to the House and this nation in the following words:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire what sum of money
will be required to keep all the boats now in use,
and those m the process of preparation, designed to
be employed in removing obstructions to the navi-
gation of the Mississippi river and its tributaries, in
constant active employment for the national fiscal
year commencing on the first day of July next, and
that they report to this House the sum for that pur-
pose in the appropriate appropriation bill.
Sir, this is a specific resolution, plain and to the
point; it says what it means, and means what it says.
I like it for what others may dislike it—I like it be-
cause it is specific and imperative. It assumes to
stand upon its own merits, and upon its own merits
it should stand; and, sir, that is the point of view in
which I intend, for myself, to look upon all meas-
ures, and in no other way entertain any proposition
asking the appropriation of public money. Objects
of importance, sufficiently meritorious in themselves
to commend them to public regard, are, perhaps, the
only objects on which we should make appropria-
tions of public money; and these should be specific
and definiio. I take it for granted that the constitu-
tional question of power in Congress to appropriate
money from the national treasury to improve the
great western rivers, is a settled question. The
Ohio, Mississippi, Missouri, and Arkansas, are look-
ed upon as great national highways, that commend
themselves, m the fullest sense of the term, to the
care of the nation; and at which the strictest, con-
structionist does not balk when called on to make ap-
propriations. I apprehend that no other considera-
tion weighs against appropriations on these rivers
than the means out of which to appropriate. Sir,
the tone of the speeches we have heard (and they
have been many) would indicate a unanimous vote
to appropriate money, and liberally, too, for the im-
provement of those great national thoroughfares.
No man has spoken against them. No man has
stated in his place that he would not go for them.
No, sir; not one!
The effort of each has been to excel all others in
celebrating them, their magnificence, their beauty,
their length, their width, the country they water, its
extent, its fertility, its productions—agricultural and
commercial—and the character of the people that
inhabit the mighty West. All these have shared
largely in the eulogy from every tongue. Sir, such
has been the character of the debate; and, strange as
it may appear, while yet these honeyed accents are
trembling upon their lips, the vote has been taken!
Yes, sir, just now, not ten minutes since, upon the
call of the yeas and nays, and the resolution adopted
yesterday, without opposition, upon the motion of
the gentleman from Kentucky^ is reconsidered by A
decisive vote, and our fondly-cherished hope of sue-
cess is again blown to the winds! But, sir, why is
this so? This consideration I will pass for the pres-
ent, and call the attention of gentleman to "the main
point I had in view in rising to address the House
on this occasion. I desire to obviate an objection to
the adoption of the resolution, that I have heard
made to it by some in the vicinity of my seat. It is
objected, that it is imperative; that is, it requires the
committee to report a bill. The only answer I have
for this objection is, the friends of the proposition de-
sire that it shall be imperative, and that the committee
shall report a bill; and that this measure shall stand
upon its own merits, believing it has merits to stand
upon. We believe this proposition, like the great
rivers we wish to improve, stands out in bold relief,
and, on its merits alone, should commend itself to
the whole House and the whole country.
The strongest and most plausible objection to the
adoption of the resolution, as I conceive, is, that the
resolution propose no particular amount to be appro-
priated, but requires the committee to bring in a bill
for a sufficient sum to keep the boats and force now
in readiness, and in a state of preparation, actively
employed operating on those rivers during the next
"national" fiscal year. This seems to be all objec-
tion, as they say it may require a million, ana per'
haps more, to do what the proposition requires, and
may compel the committee to report more than a
due proportion of the money proposed to-be expend-
ed under this head of appropriation, and largely
exceeding the ability of the country, or state of the
treasury, to supply. Sir, though I allow the reso-
lution may admit of such a construction, and afford
gentlemen a pretext to withhold their support, the
objection is not real; and it could not exist if they
had been attentive to the examination of the facts in
relation to the actual amount required by this reso-
lution. And for the purpose of setting gentlemen right
upon this point, I call their attention to the reports
of those officers in charge of these identical rivers
referred to in the pending proposition. And, sir, al-
low me to remark, that I regretted, during the pro-
gress of this debate, that those reports were not refer-
red to; and now regret they had not been brought to
the notice of the House by others mora capable of
presenting them in all their force.
But, sir, as this has not been done by another, I
beg to call the attention of the House to these re-
ports. Doc. No. 2, 28th Congress, 1st session, page
214. In 1842, $100,000 was appropriated by Con-
gress for building and repairing the necessary boats,
and for carrying on the improvements of the Mis-
souri, Mississippi, Ohio, and Arkansas rivers. Ad-
ditional appropriations' were made by Congress dur-
ing their last session, viz: for the half year com-
mencing on the 1st of January, and ending on the
30th of June, 1843, $50,000; and, for the new fiscal
year, commencing on the 1st July, 1843, and ending
oil the 30th June, 1844, $100,000; making an aggre-
gate of §250,000, appropriated for the entire period,
beginning August 23d, 1842, and ending June
30th, 1844. Of the above amount, $50,000 was set
apart for improvements on the Ohio river above the
falls. Then, sir, tho above amount of §250,000 has
been expended, and is in process of being expended,
on the rivers indicated by the resolution on your ta-
ble. And, sir, it may not be uninteresting to notice
how, and to what purposes, the money expended
has been applied. The amount expended, up to the
30th of June, 1843, is §152,942 15. The amount
expended on the rivers below the falls is §87,942 15;
of which amount £15,374 95 was for removing snags
in the Mississippi river, and the sum of $53,050 25
was expended in repairing two old snag boats at
Padueah, and in constructing and fitting out two
new snag boats to operate on these rivere. From
the above, it, appears that a large proportion oi the
foregoing appropriation has been expended in pre-
paring and fitting out for the ensuing season; and,
though it appears but little litis been expended in ac-
tual operations, and in direct application to the pur-
poses of the appropriation, in removing snags, yet
much has been done; 4,783 snags have been re-
moved, 11,119 trees felled, and one or two wrecks
removed.
This brief and condensed statement, taken from
the report of the officer in charge of this work,
shows something of what has been done, and the
preparations to do, if money shall be appropriated to
push them on. There are now at least four good,
well fitted out boats operating, and ready to operate,
under the direction of Congress; and it also appeal s
their construction and repairs have been made at
