68
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Improvement of the Western waters—Mr. T. Smith.
H. of Reps.
great expense to the nation, and the object of the
present resolution is to keep them in service. Then,
sir, what amount of money will it require to keep
them operating for one year? And what is the sum
that the committee, under the direction of this reso-
lution, have to report to this House? You will see,
sir, by referring to another page of this report, that
we are furnished with the data—ay, sir, the precise
amount re quired. And, sir, the amount is not start-
ling. It is not calculated to shock the nerves of the
most sensitive on the subject of appropriation. It
is, sir, in round numbers, andvjjthout going into de-
tail, only $223,000. See doc. No. 2, 1st sess. 28th
Cong. p. 218. The report and estimates referred to
five in detail, the work to be done, how, and where;
will not trouble you with a recapitulation.
We do not feel as much interest about the details
as we do about the amount asked. Sir, $223,000 is
the sum total of all that is asked, or required, for the
improvement of those mighty rivers. And yet I
am sure, sir, I have heard gentlemen say they would,
at a proper time, vote this amount, whom I am sorry
to find voting against this proposition. I hope these
gentlemen will now see that the amount contem-
plated by the pending motion does not go beyond
their will to give, and will therefore now vote with
me for the adoption of the original resolution. Yes,
sir, direct and specific as it is—imperative as it may
be on the committee to report—sir, you see they
have data, by reports, to fix the amount; and as the
committee have been charged with hostility to the
measure, of which I know nothing, it is not to be
presumed they will report overmuch.
Sir, this estimate only provides for the rivers be-
low the falls of the Ohio. I regret that nothing is
presented for the improvement of the Ohio above
the falls. But, sir, this proposition alone interests,
directly and indirectly, more than one-third of the
entire population of the United States. Yes, sir,
directly one third, and all indirectly, in a personal
and pecuniary point of view; personally, all who
trade or travel on those rivers, expose themselves to
loss of life; and those who do not, are frequently
called to mourn the loss of a relative or some dear
friend who has perished and fallen a victim to our
cold debates, and our protracted and tardy efforts to
pluck death from the stream of those deadly rivers.
As to the pecuniary interest all have in the improve-
ment of those rivers, no man can estimate it; their
waters irrigate a continent; the extent of their navi-
gation is many thousand miles; and we can only
approximate, in a very unsatisfactory manner, the
value of the commerce floated on their waves, the
loss of a tithe on which would be immense; inju-
rious to all, and to some total ruin. Sir, the losses
of human life on steamboat wrecks, on these rivers,
have been narrated to you by gentlemen that have
preceded me in this debate, in tones of eloquence,
and in terms of thrilling interest; in a manner, and
with an ability, that I cannot pretend to imitate.
Sir, as on the present occasion, (by the account of
liir. loss of the Shcperdess, near St. Louis, on the
Mississippi,) our feelings are often shucked, our
sympathies warmly aroused, by running our eye
over the horrid accounts of death and suffering oc-
casioned by the destruction of steamboats on the
Mississippi and other western rivers. lint, sir,
appalling and heart-rending as these recitals are,
they do not tell half the tale of wo. ' Sir, these
steamboat disasters are the only ones that reach
our ears; they are heralded through the medium of
the public press, and the disaster is heard m every
part of the Union. But, sir, the common flat-boat-
man's fate is not thus celebrated in song and story;
they belong to another strata of society; and, if not
so ornamental as those that navigate these waters in
steamboats, they are yet quite as useful in their
sphere, and, m many eases, quite as respectable, and
arc entitled to at least a portion of our sympathy.
Every steamboat that is lost we hear of it. But the
flat-boat, built and navigated by the poor man or
farmei, is not heard of; their disasters oxe not her-
alded to the country, although there are many such;
and many too, that commend themselves strongly
to our spmpathy, and to the sympathy of this na-
tion. Sir, one-half the loss of life and property on
these rivers are of this latter description.
The farmer and his sons build this description of
boat; their labor raises from the farm the produce
that freights it, and the father, without any nautical
skill, compass, or chart to direct him, puts himself
at the helm, and his sons to the side oars, and
impelled, not so much by interest, as by necessity,
risks the dangers of those rivers in a voyage to New
Qrlwu: if they escape destruction, it is well; if
their boat is transfixed on these snags complained
of, often, with the boat, alFare lost; lives, property,
and all go to the bottom" together. But little ac-
count is taken of it; their sad fate seldom or never
finds its way into a newspaper, and all the public
ever know about it (if it is ever known at all) is this
•—UA flat boat was lost;" though the calamity, as
far as it extends, is total and irretrievable ruin, and
the consequence, nine cases out of ten, to the sur-
viving relatives, is poverty and destitution; for all
they had, and all their hopes, were wrecked to-
gether.
Such cases are frequent; and they should have
their weight in bringing this House to a _ favorable
and speedy action on this important question.
Sir, I will no longer detain you with considera-
tions like these. Nearly all the members of this
House, and all the people of this great nation, are
familiar with the manner of our river and inland
navigation, and by whom our western commerce is
mostly carried on; and Congress must also know,
when they are doing something for the improve-
ment of our internal navigation, that they are doing
something for the real people—those that labor and
produce; that portion of our political hive that are
busy, industrious, and no drones; a people that pro-
vide their own subsistence, and also a surplus for
those that are "arrayed like the lily, and toil not."
Sir, as I pass, I must be permitted to take some
notice of the speech and remarks of the honorable
member from the western district of Pennsylvania,
[Mr. A. Stewart.] I hail from that gentleman's
county; I believe old Fayette county, Pennsylvania,
is the birth-place of us both. I name this circum-
stance, not surely for the purpose of reflecting
credit on that gentleman, but rather for the pur-
pose of brightening up my own obscurity by the
rays of his more extensive and established reputa-
ion as a statesman and politician; for he was a
politician and a lawyer when I was an apprentice
liir, the time was when I would not have thought
of maintaining a difference with that honorable gen-
tleman; and with reluctance I feel myself bound to
do it now. That gentleman is, I am sure, a friend
of the pending measxire before this House; but I
fear his zeal for this measure, and all kindred mea-
sures, has eaten him up; and it would eat us up,
root and branch, if indulged.
Sir, what does the honorable gentleman say?
Why, sir, he complains that the veto on the Mays-
ville road bill has ruined the country; in his own
words, "it struck down the prosperity of the nation,
and, in consequence, the country is a century be-
hind, in impiovement, what it would have been if it
had not been for the veto;" and he also goes on to
inform us what was the policy of the party to which
he belonged in 1832—that party which, he says, is
the whig party now. He says at that time it was
distinctly foreseen that, by the operation of the
then tariff, the national debt would soon be paid off;
for, during the administration of Mr. John CI.
Adams, forty-five millions had been paid, and that it
was in a rapid state of liquidation; and, when that
was done, what was to be done? What was to be-
come of the accumulating surplus' The tariff must
be reduced, or the surplus disposed of in some way.
Then, sir, he distinctly avows it was the policy of
the party to which he belonged then, (and he says
it is the whig party now,) to keep up the tariff for
protection, and throw the surplus off on a general
system of internal improvement by the general
government for the improvement of all the coun-
try; and this, he contended, was the only way that
the interior could be benefited by the disburse-
ments from the national treasury.
Sir, I am glad to hear that honorable member
make these plain and distinct avowals, as they may
be regarded as official; for I am aware, and always
have been, that that gentleman is the thorough friend
of internal improvement, and always in the confi-
dence of Mr. Clay, and may be regarded as his con-
fidential exponent on that subject. But, sir, I must
be permitted to differ with the honorable gentleman
on this subject of a general system of internal im-
provement; which I do toto calo, in the broadest sense
of the term. And, sir, I believe, and do here in my
place pronounce, a general system of internal im-
provement by the general government, or by a state
government, a general system of corruption! Sir, 1
stated in the outset of my remarks that I was in
favor of the proposition of the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Thomass ok,] because it was a dis-
tinct proposition, presented to this House and this
country on its merits:; and on its merits I ttesiw to
let it stand or fall. But, sir, if it is designed by
any, or intended by any, as I think it is, by intima-
tions in this debate, to vote against it, as an independ-
ent proposition, for the very purpose of log-rolling it
into a general system bill, and to compel it, with
its greater merits, to carry meritless, useless, and
worthless measures along with it—much as I may
desire to see it become a law, it is possible to so
amend the bill—yea, it is probable it will be so
amended as to compel me to vote against it. It is
due to every proposition that it should be tried upon
its merits.
This course my constituents would expect of me.
They would have a right to expect it of me; for,
sir, it is known, when this wild spirit of extrava-
gance and corruption swept over the land, espe-
cially the States, that I stood up in my legislature,
almost alone, in a meagre minority, and voted against
it. The minority vote against the Indiana system
of internal improvement was only eighteen in the
popular branch of our legislature! Sir, the gentle-
man [Mr. Stewart] is in favor of a general system
of internal improvement. Well, sir, the States have
tried it; and the consequence, to nearly all of them,
is disgrace and bankruptcy; and I insist upon it, a
State can prosecute works of that kind as prudently
arid as economically as the general government;
and, sir, the greater probability of prudence and
economy is in favor of the States. Sir, if you will
look around among the States, and see the little that
is done, and see the immense amount they are in
debt, and apply their action as a rule to the general
government, you will, at a glance, be able to deter-
mine the point of total and irretrievable bankruptcy
this government would be plunged into by it, and
that speedily, hopelessly, and forever; for the ability
of the people never could redeem it. Taxation,
endless and boundless, would be the consequence;
and heavy taxation and slavery are synonomous
terms.
The gentleman [Mr. Stewart] says the veto
"struck down the prosperity" of the country, and
especially the West; for only by appropriations for
internal improvements can the West expect to be
benefited by disbursements from the national treas-
ury. I will not stop here to inquire what benefit it
is to any people, as a general principle or as an es-
tablished practice, to be taxed for the sake of the
disbursement, after collection by the process of tax-
ation. That question I will leave for any man of
common sense to answer. But, as the burden of
the gentleman's complaint is against "the veto of
the Maysville road bill," I desire to ask of him if
the veto power had not been exerted, what propor-
tion of the money then appropriated, and about to
be appropriated for internal improvements, would
have fallen to the share of the West? The gentle-
man should be able to answer this question, as he
says it was especially injurious to the West. The
gentleman, I apprehend, is not prepared to answer.
General Jackson states, if I mistake not, that at that
time (the time of the veto) there was appropriated,
and in piocess of appropriation, about §100,000,000!
Now 1 venture to say, as the gentleman has fre-
quently said, in the course of his remarks, that since
that time—the veto—there has not been appropria-
ted, io all the interior of this vast country, within a
line drawn round the circumference within five
miles of tidewater, as much money as was required
to build this Capitol in which we stand.
Now, sir, I say, and venture it as an opinion that
will be found true upon examination, that of the
vast sum of ^100,000,000, cut off by the veto, the
West, the "Great West," would not have got as
much as was required to build the Capitol in which
we deliberate.
Has it come to this, thot we arc to have this ex-
ploded policy revived? The complaint is, that the
veto on the Mavsville road bill "struck down the
prosperity of the country." What, and where, was
this Maysville road' It was a company turnpike
road, in the State of Kentucky; a company concern.
A, B, and C, desired "to raise the wind," and got
themselves incorporated as stockholders in a com-
pany to build a turnpike road, and petitioned Con-
gress to compel Uncle Sam to take a portion of ths
stock, as he had money at that time, for which A,
B, and C, had an itching palm. Uncle Sam's boat,
at that time, was commanded by General Jackson,
and he vetoed their bill. This is the ground of com-
plaint; and this is the head and front of his offending.
Sir, can any man desire to see such a state of
things again, such a system of corruption revived?
I hope not.
But 1 have stated, that a general system of internal
