Jan. 1844. 
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Cobb.
m
H. of Reps,
improvement was a system of corruption. I reit-
erate the assertion, and I appeal to the calendar of
legislation of Congress, and of all the States, to
prove that no general system of the kind has been
adopted without combining works without merit. In
framing general systems, (as they are fancifully called
by their friends,) works are combined for the very
purpose of gaining votes; although many of the
/works thus combined are notoriously without merit!
and money is appropriated upon them, and expend-
ed, with the full knowledge that they will not be used,
nor useful when made. Sueh legislation is cor-
rupt and indefensible. I wish, sir, to avoid the di-
lemma that some of us may be placed in, by having
our proposition purposely jumbled up with such
works, for the purpose of making it the vehicle to
carry them through. "We wish to be exempted from
a necessity to vote against our owrt measures. I de-
sire, most anxiously desire, that our bills may pass
upoii their own merits. Why not? I have heard
no gentleman declare that be would vote gainst an
appropriation for those rivers, except my colleague,
[Mr. Kennedy,] who says he will vote against it, if
it is to be log-rolled through, and if the money is to
be borrowed for the expenditure.
The fVest complains-^-and with what justice, I will
not pretend to say; for if I did, I could but repeat
what has been said, and well said, by others—that
they have not been duly regarded by Congress
the appropriating power of this nation.
But, sir, 1 will venture the statement, by way of
comparison, that if the improvements under consid-
eration—the Western rivers—shall be compared in
point of importance with improvements in any other
portion of this Union, and the appropriations
made upon them compared with other appropri-
ations, the disproportion against them will appear
strikingly great. And so with all other interests of
the West.
To prove this great disproportion of expenditure,
I will invite your attention to a single fact, to a sin-
"gle work on the eastern or Atlantic coast—the Dela-
laware breakwater—and it is by no means an ex-
treme one for expenditure. The original estimate
for that work, (I quote from the official report of the
proper officer,) was - $2,216,951
The revised estimate in 1336, was - 3,030,909
And the appropriations at various times
have amounted to the sum of - - 1,921,000
The last appropriation was in 1838; since the ex-
pending of which, it may be said that the work has
received but little attention. If it be not intended
to complete this work, in conformity with the origi-
nal and revised estimates, it seems to me unneces-
sary that it should continue to form an item in the
annual repoit. I shall, therefore, with the approba-
tion of the department, merely state that one hun-
dred thousand dollars is the least that can be re-
quired for its commencement and further prosecu-
tion. But even this amount need not be appro-
priated, unless it be contemplated to grant the further
appropriations that will be necessary.
The above is taken from the report of the chief
engineer; and it shows an expenditure on that single
work, of more—infinitely more money than has
been made on all the western rivers; and that it is
a useless expenditure of money. The original esti-
mate was immense; the revised estimate in 1836
increased it nearly $1,000,000, and there has been
nearly the amount of the first estimate expended
upon the work. And now, what does the chief en-
gineer tell us? "Why, sir, that since the last appro-
priation, in 1838, it has received very little attention!
But, with the approbation of the head of the de-
partment, he would ask $100,000, the least sum ne-
cessary to the commencement and further prosecu-
tion of the work. But even this appropriation need
not be made, unlees it is contemplated to make still
further appropriations. From this report, I infer,
after the expenditure on that single work of $2,000,-
000, it is useless, and about being abandoned, and
may as well be abandoned now as not, provided
■annual and perpetual appropriations are not con-
templated !
[Here Mr. Morrh, of Pennsylvania, explained
that it was not useless, and not abandoned, nor con-
templated so to be.]
Mr. Smith. I am happy to be corrected by the
gentleman. If I am m error, I have been led into it
by the official report; and I think my deduction is a
fail' and legitimate inference from the language used.
But in one tiling, 1 am sure I am not mistaken; that
single work has cost near §2,000,000 already, (near-
y the full amount of the origmal estimate,) and an
Wefinite sum is still asked for. Although yet in an
unfinished state, it has cost the common treasury of
the nation more, much more, than has been expend-
ed on all, the western rivers, and more than is re-
quired to improve them..
This case is bad enough, and shows you how the
public treasury is leeched. This case of wasteful
expenditure should admonish us to carefully scan
the justice and propriety of appropriations asked
for, and also to pay but little attention to estimates,
and to put little faith in their accuracy.
I will only refer you, Mr. Speaker, to one other
case, to show you with what profligacy public ex-
penditures are made. I will again quote the report;
for the case is so ridiculous, and so nearly incredi-
ble, that I fear to trust to a statement, lest I should
not be believed! It is from the report of Capt. W.
H. Swift, in relation to the construction of a beacon
at the Black Rock harbor, Connecticut:
"When the beacon (says the report) was first
built, a large quantity of rubble-stone was carried in
vessels to the proposed site, and was thrown into
the water around a single rock called the 'Old
Uuncher,' and upon which there had been an iron
spindle in former years. This rock was conical m
shape, about four feet in diameter at top, and bare at
very low water. Upon this loose stone, thus depos-
ited, the superstructure was reared; and when the
beacon was blown down, the materials of which it
w*as composed were, of course, added to the rubble-
stone bed; and they, in turn, became the foundation
for the beacon."
I do not refer to sucli statements as this with
pleasure, but with pain. I have to notice them to
impress upon this House the propriety of placing
every proposition demanding appropriations of put-
lie money on its intrinsic merits.
Nor can we well repress the indignation at such
foolish and profligate extravagance, ignorance, and
stupidity. The beacon built on the rubble-rock,
loosely thrown round the "Old Huncher," cost the
government $21,000, which was a total loss. The
idea of building a costly superstructure on a foun-
dation composed of loose stone thrown into the sea,
is too ridiculous to deserve serious comment.
And this was done by the general government,
under the direction of the engineer department,
where everything is done, or supposed to be done,
on scientific principles!
But, sir, in the West, without the aid of science,
we will do better, and act more wisely, with money,
if you will give it to us. The money, and a little
common sense, are all we want to pluck the snags
from the Mississippi. The latter we have; and a
small portion of the former, which we have given
you, is all we require at your hands. Much that is
done on the Atlantic seaboard is of doubtful utility;
much is done, and abandoned when done. But we
propose a work the utility of which cannot be ques-
tioned, because it has mathematical certainty about
it. The object is to save the lives and property of
our fellow-citizens; and every snag removed from
the bed of that stream is one less, and to that extent
diminishes the risk of life and property.
Another consideration has been brought, inciden-
tally, to bear upon this question, which lies proper-
ly at the very base of the whole matter—the means
out of which to appropriate; in other words, the
state of the treasury. This was referred to, first,
by the honorable member from St. Louis, [Mr
Bowlin.] His mode to furnish means, if I under-
stood him, would be, so to arrange the tariff laws
that they should not be so highly protective, less
prohibitory, and more productive of revenue; and
a falling back upon the compromise ground of 1833,
he [Mr. B.] thought, would have that effect.
The honorable member from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stewart] who replied to the member from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Bowlin,] relies on the present tariff to
furnish ample means. His positions and statements
I desire to restate and examine; with great deference,
however, to that honorable gentleman's opinions.
I understood that honorable member to say that
the member from Missouri had had his revenue
tariff in operation in 1841, and it showed a beggarly
account of empty boxes; and that the present whig
protective tariff showed an increase of four or five
millions of dollars the first year; and that he main-
tained, if the present tariff was let alone, it would
furnish the means for improving the country, re-
plenish the treasury, and revive the business of the
country'—would give life, spring, and elasticity to
every kind of enterprise. All this is finely said, and
a great deal of good is comprised in a few words.
But, sir, I fear it is not all true; for, if I have heard
the gentleman right, and read the Secretary of the
Treasury right, one or the other must be egregiously
wrong.
The Secretary's report on the state of the finances,
(doc. No. 3, 28th Congress, statement I,) exhibiting
the value of merchandise imported from • 1821 to
1842, and also the amount of duties which accrued
annually upon said imports .during the said period,
shows that the gross amount of duties on merchan-
dise imported in 1841 was $19,919,492 17, and in
1842 only $16,622,746 84. Statement L shows the
net revenue received in the year 1841 to be $15,516,-
589 36, and in 1842 to be §12,780,173 64.
This is the official statement of the Secretary of
the Treasury, and shows a falling off in the revenue,
m the year 1842, of nearly or quite $3,000,000. If
the gentleman relies on such an increase of revenue
as this, from the operation of his whig tariff, I fear
he will be sadly disappointed in his efforts to obtain
funds with which to carry on his splendid system
of internal improvements.
I presume the honorable member was led into the
error from another statement of the Secretary) over-
looking the explanation which the Secretary gives
himself.
The Secretary says (statement A, p. 22) the re-
ceipts into the treasury during the year 1842 were
as follows: From customs (aggregate) $18,187,-
908 76.
This is the statement which I apprehend misled
the honorable member from Pennsylvania, and here
I beg leave to subjoin the explanation by the Secre-
tary, in his own words:
"Sec. 7. Those now presented have been made
from the best information that could be obtained,
and from a comparison with the receipts of former
years.
"The large amount of $18,000,000, rsceived in
1842 from customs, is not to be wholly credited to
the business of that year. It includes $4,808,666 11,
the amount of duties which had accrued in 1841,
and was secured by bonds that were paid in 1842,
and also $567,000 of treasury notes, redeemed by the
collectors in the former year, but which were cred-
ited in 1842; thus leaving the actual receipts from
the duties of the year at less than thirteen millions;"
($12,780,173 64, as per statement L.) The Secre-
tary goes on to state that there is a decided improve-
ment in the duties from customs in 1843, and, with
the receipts, known and estimated, this calender
year will give sixteen millions. Such being the
fruits of the present high tariff, I think it cannot be
relied upon to do all the good the honorable mem-
ber anticipates. If it affords ordinary revenue, we
must retrench greatly, and then have nothing from
that source for the splendid system of internal im-
provement that he would revive and build up on the
basis laid by the party to which he belonged m 1832,
"which," he says, "is the whig party now." Sir,
there is another peculiarity about this whig tariff,
which the gentleman may have overlooked; and that
is, it never can be made to yield any more reve-
nue, for it will admit of no increase anil yield reve-
nue. The Secretary says:
"But the undersigned feels bound to say, that, from
the examination of reports he has caused to be made
from the principal ports, and from a general view o
our commerce, after the best consideration which he
could give the subject, he has not been able to dis-
cover any of the existing duties which can be in-
creased with any reasonable prospect of augmeniing the
revenue.''
So, sir, we have got to the highest point at last;
and what is to be done, let those fliat made this tariff
tell.
Mr. Speaker, I have much more to say on this
subject, and intended saying more at present^ but
my friend, the honorable member from Illinois, [Mr.
R. Smith,] has anticipated my time a little by rising;
and, as he is on the floor, I will take my seat for the
present.
REMARKS OF MR. COBB,
OF GEORGIA.
In the House of Representatives, January 14 and 18,
1844.—On the motion of Mr. Black, of Georgia,
to amend the motion of Mr. Dromgoole, of Vir-
ginia, to recommit the report of the Select Com-
mittee on the Rules, by instructing them to report
to the House the following rule, viz:
"No petition, memorial, resolution, or other paper
praying the abolition of slavery in the District r.f
Columbia, or any State or Territory, or the slave-
trade between the States or Territories of the UniteiJ
