70
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Cobb.
H. of Reps.
Slates in which it now exists, shall be received by
this House, or entertained in any way whatever."
Mr. Cobb rose and said-
Mr. Speaker: When the amendment now under
consideration was first offered by my colleague,
[Mr, Black,] I regretted that he had done so, be-
lieving that the object contemplated by the friends
the measure could be better effected after the second
report ot the committee, if the motion of the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Dromuoole,] to recom-
mit the report, should prevail. But as it is now
evident that the vote about to be given by the House
upon the proposed instructions to the committee
will finally settle the question as to the continuance
of the present rule of the House, familiarly known
as the 21st rule, I must ask the indulgence of the
House whilst I present some of the reasons which
induce the vote t am about to record.
I cannot agree with some gentlemen who have
preceded me in the discussion of this subject, that
we are to abandon all hope of retaining a lule, from
the salutary influences of which the country has de-
rived so many advantages, and which has hereto-
fore received the sanction of this House on more
than one occasion. I will at least indulge the fond
hope that the South is still to continue in the enjoy-
ment of those benefits which the existence of this
rule is so well calculated to guaranty to her.
"Whilst I agree in the main with the arguments
presented with so much ability by the gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Rhett,] and the gentleman
who has just taken his seat, [Mr. Belser,] I cannot
but express the deep regret with which I listened to
the concluding remark of the former gentleman,
when he expressed the conviction resting upon his
mind7thatthcre now existed in the southern States,
and was rapidly growing, an increasi ng disaffection to
the Union. Sir, I disavow the sentiment for the State
J have the honor in part to represent upon this floor.
So far as I have been enabled to form an opinion to
the feeling which pervades the southern people—
the people of Georgia more particularly—their at-
tachment and devotion to the Union of their fathers
"grows with their growth, and strengthens with their
strength." That attachment is based upon a convic-
tion upon their part that the whole of this Union—
the North, the East, and the West—will continue to
guaranty to them those rights and privileges which
they have so long enjoyed under the constitution
and ii a compromises; and I sincerely trust that there
never may be any just cause to destroyed this con-
viction, or weaken this confidence.
We are asked to repeal this rule, upon the ground
that it conflicts with the right of petition as recog-
nised in the first article of the amendments to the
constitution, and upon this ground alone—the
advocates of the measure here disclaiming any sym-
pathy of feeling with the petitioners and their pray-
ers, and avowing that they are prepared, and even
anxious for an opportunity to place the seal of their
condemnation upon the unholy and revolutionary
prayers of these wild fanatics. Surely, then, if their
judgments can be conceived that a refusal on the
part of this House to receive these petitions does
not infringe upon the right of petition, as secured to
the people of the United States by the constitution,
we may confidently rely upon their co-opeiation
in continuing a rule to the existence of which we at-
tach the utmost importance.
One of the fundamental rules for the construction
<if statutes, as recognised irt our law books—to wit:
to consider the old Taw, the mischief, and the reme-
dy—will often aid us in arriving at a proper con-
struction of our constitution, and peculiarly so the
provision now under consideration. Having taken
much of the model and many of the principles of
our government from that of the mother country, our
minds aie almost involuntarily dnecled to the giicv-
ances endured by our fathers under the English gov-
ernment, to account for some of the peculiarities of
our own; and thus it is, when we come to consider
I he necessity for incorporating in our constitution a
prohibition for the passage of any law that shall in-
terfere with "the right of the people peac^ ably to as-
semble, and to petition the government for a redress
of grievances,1' we are iriesistibly drawn to a con-
templation of the famous and odious "riot act,"
which, so long disgraced lite statue books of England.
Under its provisions, the people were not permit-
ted to assemble together for the purpose of counsel-
hug' with each other about the heavy burdens and
oppiessions under which they might be suffering
but were liable to be dispersed' at a moment's warn-
ing, under certain and sever*' penalties. Nor were
allowed the humble privilege of incorporating
their sufferings in the form of a remonstrance or pe-
tition to the sovereign or legislative powers, without
incurring the risk of being subjected to punishments
inflicted only upon malefactors and felons.
These truths had been witnessed and realized by
our fathers; and their wisdom and foresight in-
duced them, in the formation, or rather in com-
pleting the formation of our constitution, to throw
around these inestimable rights of the people such
guards as would forever protect them from similar
invasions. They have done so in the clause of the
constitution which we are now considering. Our
people peaceably and quietly assemble, whenever
and wherever they please, and "there is none to mo-
lest or make them afraid." If suffering under the
weight of wrongs, or afflicted with grievances, they
embody the result of their reflections and delibera-
tions in remonstrances or petitions, as to them may
seem fit; not apprehending, nor having cause to ap-
prehend, prosecutions and punishment for this free
and unbiased exercise of their constitutional rights.
I will not, Mr. Speaker, longer consume the time
of the House upon this branch of the subject, after
the very lucid and elaborate argument of the gentle-
man from South Carolina, [Mr. Rhett,] upon this
point, a day or two since.
Now, sir, I cannot yield my assent to the doc-
trine contended for by gentlemen, that this great
right of petition, which was held so dear and sacred
by our wise and patriotic fathers as to require an
express guaranty of its uninterrupted enjoyment in
the constitution, is to be construed into the poor and
pitiful boon of asking this or the other branch of the
national legislature simply to receive the petitions of
the people. No, sir; the feelings which filled their
bosoms and actuated their conduct were "higher,
purer, nobler." It was to wrest from the govern-
ment the power, in anticipation of its assumption,
of passing any law by which the people should be
prevented from meeting together in their deliberative
assemblies, freely and fearly discussing the conduct
and action of their representatives and agents, and,
if necessary, presenting the result of their delibera-
tions, in the form of a petition or remonstrance, to
any department of their government.
Viewing the right of petition in this light—in
connexion with the plain and palpable causes which
led to its constitutional recognition—and I can con-
template it with pride and gratitude; and to its main-
tenance and perpetuity, I am prepared freely and
cheerfully to pledge whatever of energy and ability
I may possess. But, sir, when you attempt to force
it down from this high and lofty eminence, to the
humiliating privilege of lequestmg this House to re-
ceive a petition, lay it upon your table, and there,
unnoticed, to moulder and ruin, I repudiate it as ut-
terly worthless, and beneath the regard of freemen.
When the people had thus assembled, and em-
bodied their sentiments in a petition, and had pre-
sented such petition, their rights as petitioners
ceased; and the same constitution, under which they
had exercised their rights, imposed an equally sol-
emn duty upon another body of men—I mean, sir,
the House of Representatives or the Senate, as the
case may be—a duty the responsibility of which
could not be thrown off upon the petitioners, but
must be assumed and discharged by the proper tri-
bunal. And now, sir, what is that duty? And what
is the first step to be taken in the exercise of it?
Will gentlemen still insist that the rights of the pe"
titioners require its reception? Or will they not agree
with us in saying that this is the first question to be
determined? Otherwise, and there would be no
mode of avoiding the reception of any and all pe-
titions, no matter how disrespectful or uncourteous
m language, or condemnatory in the object proposed
to be accomplished. Let me not be told that the
self-respect of members would be a protection against
such an abuse; for if the right existed to the extent
here contended for, individual members would be no
more authorized to refuse the application of their
constituents to present their petitions, than the
House would be to refuse their reception. Besides,
sir, the experience of the past admonishes us that
tins would be a frail reliance. The practical eilect
of the doctrine tlms carried out, ought to be a suffi-
cient exposition of its fallacy, and should carry con-
viction to e\ cry mind brought to its investigation,
relieved of the prejudices and improper influences
thiown aiound it by an unwise disposition on the
part of gentlemen to yield to the claims of rabid
anaticism.
The course of argument pursued by some of those
who have addressed the House against the proposed
instructions to the committee, induces me to be-
lieve that they have not looked sufficiently far into
the future to a correct understanding of this ques-
tion in all its bearings. They are unwittingly
deceiving themselves, and are thereby falling into
an error, from which they can only retrieve them-
selves by a formal surrender of the entire ground
heretofore occupied by the friends of the South.
And let me invite to the candid consideration of this
branch of the subject the careful attention of that
portion of then orthern democracy—more particular-
ly those who have heretofoie stood by us in the
hour of trial, and manfully breasted the storm that
was raging around them, with a devotion and firm-
ness which has commcnded them to our warmest
gratitude and admiration. It is a part, of the argument
that I approach with reluctance, as it may, per-
chance, be considered as putting into the mouths of
the abolitionists an argument sanctioned by our ap-
proval, to be handled by them against our friends,
when they shall have returned to their constit-
uency, after having rescinded this rule, (should
such be the unfortunate result of our action,) and
having adopted in its stead some other regulation,
less efficacious in the protection of our peculiar in-
terest, and not more acceptable to the clamorous
advocates of the right of petition. But a sense of
duty requires that we should leave no effort untried,
no argument unheard, that may tend to awaken
proper reflection upon the many difficulties which
must inevitably meet us upon the repeal of this
much abused rule.
What, then, is the proposition of our friends, os
contained in their arguments, though not reduced
to any regular form? It is, in substance, that we
shall receive these petitions which are now ex-
cluded by the operation of the rule and lay them
upon the table, without being read, considered, re-
ferred, or in any wise actcd upon; thus satisfying
the demands of the constitution, and forever after-
wards separating the question of abolition from the
right of petition. Will such be the effect of your
action? T fear not. When gentlemen shall have re-
pealed this rule, and adopted in its place such a one
as I have just referred to, and returned from this
hall to their constituents, they will in vain seek
for that approving welcome which they are now so
fondly anticipating for themselves at the hands of
those whose great regard for the constitutional right
of petition is now driving them to this unwise
course of action. Deceive not yourselves, gentle-
men, with the belief that the proposed substitution
of your rule for the one now sought to be repealed
will satisfy those whose demands you are now sub-
mitting. On the contrary, you will be met with
one response from all sections of the country where
this feeling exits: "It is true you have granted us
the form of our rights, but at the same time denied
us the substance; you receive our petitions, but
your ears are closed against them—you will not
listen to our grievances; we present to you argu-
ments for you rreflection and consideration, but they
are silently and wiongfully laid on your table, as un-
worthy of your noticc and attention." Where is
your answer? What is to be your reply to these new
complaints, which will rise up against you upon the
repeal of this rule, as certainly as the setting of the
succeeds the rising thereof? Vou have yielded your
first and only true position, that the right of peti-
tion has never yet been violated, or in the least in-
fringed; and having done so, you must necessarily
be placed at the mercy of these men, to be driven
by them to whatever point they may think pioper
to require you to go. And it is to this view of the
subject that I desire more paiticularly to direct the
attention of the House.
The proposed alteration of the rule, so far from
allaying, will have the effect of increasing the excite-
ment which now agitates the public mind. These,
disturbers of the public peace and quiet will be
inspired with a new zeal, derived fron the par-
tial success attendant upon their previous efforts,
which have heretofore proved so powerless and
unavailing; you will attach to them and their
cause an importance of which you admit they
are utterly undeserving; you gi\e to them addi-
tional strength m the efforts to destroy and ar'ui-
hiliute their influence: their anxiety in the pros-
ecution of their hellish work will be doubly and
trebly enhanced; and what must the inevitable
result? At the opening of the next Congress
their voice will again be heard through their mouth-
pieces in this hall, demanding at your hands
another concession: "You have received our
petitions, but with that we are not content; you
must read them, and at least hear what we have to
