u
APPENDIX T0 THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
Jan. 1844.
28th Comg.. ..1st Se&s.
Improvement of the Western waters—Mr. Bowlin.
H. of Reps.
SPEECH OF MR. BOWLIN,
of missouri,
In the Hcntse of Representatives, January 16, 1844—
On the removal of obstructions m the Mississippi
river and its tributaries.
The House resumed the consideration of the
motion of Mr. cave johnson, to reconsider the
vote by which the following resolution had been
adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire what sum of money
will be required to keep all the boats now in use, and
those in the process of preparation, designed to be
employed in removing obstructions in the naviga-
tion of the Mississippi river and its tributaries, m
constant active employment for the national fiscal
year commencing on the first day of July next, and
that they report to this House the sum for that pur-
pose in the appropriate appropriation bill.
Mr. BOWLIN rose and said:
After the great calamity which has happened
within the view of the city of my residence, where
numbers of our fellow-citizens had found a watery
grave, in sight of their haven of safety and repose;
and amidst the general depression of spirit which
such catastrophes were calculated to awaken, I am re-
joiced that the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Thomasson,] in the spirit of philanthropy, has
availed himself of the first opportunity to spring to
the rescue, by calling upon the House to provide
promptly, as far as it could, against the recurrence
of similar calamities. And I am equally rejoiced
that the House, in the spirit of magnanimity, had
generously responded to the calls of justice and hu-
manity, by promptly adopting the resolution under
consideration, for keeping afloat, and in active
operation, the snag-boats on the Mississippi river
and her tributaries. Sir, amidst the general disas-
ters that attend the navigation of these streams, the
announcement of too many of which pass by us as
an idle wind, one has just occurred, almost in the
harbor of St. Louis, the very contemplation of which
is calculated to make hearts of the stoutest among us
quail—a disaster spreading a gloom over the country
commensurate with the spread of its intelligence,
striking home to the inhabitants of ten States of tins
Union, citizens of which have found a watery grave,
or only survived the flood to perish by the more
agonizing tortures of cold; and one that has thrown
into the habiliments of mourning hundreds of our
fellow-citizens, for the awful and untimely loss of
friends and relatives.
Til view of this awful calamity, and conscious of
the constant succession of disasteis m that naviga-
tion, and the necessity of relief, the House had
adopted the resolution, and was now called upon by
the honorable gentleman from Tennessee to recon-
sider the vote, with a view, doubtless, to cripple it
with amendments, until its own friends would re-
pudiate it, and ultimately to rescind it, and destroy
the last hope of an appropriation for this object.
Is the House prepared to do this, and say to the
West, m a language not to be mistaken, that they
intend doing nothing for their vast commerce? Are
we to have a decision this day, telling us, in effect,
that the West are to expect noting from this Con-
gress? I trust not.
And, sir, let not gentlemen deceive themselves
about the result of this vote, and its effect as a test
question upon this subject. Dame rumor has
alrrady spread the news abroad beyond this House,
that the committee had determined on appropria-
ting nothing for improvements including the
westefu rivers. I know not how true this may be,
nor how far 1 may be justified m alluding to tins
action of the committee; but if it be true, and the
committee has strangely come to such a deter-
mination, that fact alone strongly addressed it-
self to the House as a reason for sustaining this
resolution, and voting down the motion to recon-
sider. This question now occupies .before the
House this simple position: that the"committee,
having voted down the general proposition, em-
bracing a variety of objects, the House was asked to
direct them, so faros tins one item vvvscomem-
ed, to bring m bill for that object. Jf the decision
of the committee be as has been suggested, and
this instruction be refused by the House, then it
would seem, for the present, at" least, that the ques-
tion was at on end. So fir at least it assumes the
character of a test question; and the vote upon
it would be so regarded by tile people. And I urge
gentlfinen not to deceive themselves a moment with
the belief that it was not to assume that character. ,
Besides, the committee had decided against it in the
general decision, embracing a variety of objects; and
1 would like to know what we were to promise our-
selves if the House ratified that decision upon this
particular object.
The boats contemplated in this resolution had
been kept in operation by an appropriation of the
last Congress, and all that the resolution asked was,
that they be continued until the evil be remedied. I
know what consideration operated upon the com-
mittee to take the course ascribed to them; but I do
know, that it is the imperative duty of every man,
having an interest in the West, to resist this appli-
cation for a reconsideration, as he values that inter-
est, or the interests of his constituents.
As the whole merits of the question come under
this motion, and as the House would now be called
upon to give a vote materially affecting the improve-
ment of the western waters, I shall not content my-
self with submitting the matter, without attempting
to remove constitutional objections, which I know
to exist to some extent with the members of this
House, as well as to exhibit our just claims, founded
alike upon the value of our commerce and the perils
of the navigation. And I beg gentlemen not to be
alarmed at the prospect of the revival of the far-
famed "American system." I could tell them in
advance that my constituents, as well as myself,
belong to a school of politicians which repudiates
the system, the corrupt system of manufacturing
Presidents, by engaging in a scheme of improve-
ments for sectional interests, local and partial in
their character, and in no way affecting the general
commerce of the country. I am myself for a strict
construction of the constitution, looking upon this
government as one of limited and well-defined powers,
i'he constitution is the charter of authority granted by
the sovereign States of this Union, instituting a prac-
tical form of government for the wnole; and its lim-
itations must not only be respected, but imperatively
observed, if the rights of the States and the libel ties
of the people are deemed worthy of preservation.
No man feels a higher regard for that sacred instru-
ment, or a more imperative obligation restin g n
him to construe strictly its powers, than I do. Be-
lieving there is infinitely more danger from a latitu-
dinarian construction of the constitution, than from
a strict one, I shall adhere to the strict construction-
ists, so long as they preserve those principles which
at the same time protect the States and the people in
their legitimate rights, and render the government a
practicable machine. The framers of that instru-
ment never intended that its powers were to be mul-
tiplied ad infinitum, by building inference upon in-
ference, and hypothesis upon hypothesis, until its
restrictions were mere ropes of sand, and the liber-
ties of the people and the rights of the States de-
pendent upon the fluctuating wills of its administra-
tors; nor did they intend that it was to be carried
into the other extreme, by which its utility would be
destroyed. They intended it for a government of
limited powers, and, at the same time, of practical
utility. They intended to avoid the dangers of con-
solidation on the one hand, and imbecility on the
other; and as they knew the natural tendency of all
governments was to encroach upon the powers of the
people, they fixed their limitations and restrictions
with a caution worthy of the high patriotism that dis-
tinguished their labors. With these views of the con-
stitution, I have ever repudiated the idea of pressing
legitimate inferences to the wild extent of creating
affirmative powers not specifically conferred. Hence
I am opposed to deceiving the people with the false
hope that they have to look to this government to
supply them, through banks, that currency which is
the life-blood of trade; and through high tariffs
protection to labor; when both the powers -claimed
are affirmative, and not conferred by the constitu-
tion. And I am equally opposal to "stretching the
constitution out of its legitimate sphere, to ein a e
this government in a system of improvement," not
national, but local, and partial in its character and
grossly corrupting in its influences. Sir, the doc-
trine laid down by the illustrious Jackson, in his
Maysville-road veto, is the true doctrine, to which
every democrat may rally. It is the doctrine by
which the limitation of our pov. eis is preserved, and
at the same lime the utility of the foim of our gov-
ernment maintained.
Entertaining these views, then, upon the legitimate
construction of the constitutional powers of this gov-
ernment, I shall proceed to show that the great arte-
ries of the commerce of the West—the Mississippi
and her tributaries, are not embraced within the
limits prescribed by a strict construction of that in-
strument. First, by her peculiar position, arising
under,the ordinance of 1787, by which her waters
and the waters of her tributaries, are declared for-
ever public highways, and free for all the people of
the United States; and, secondly, by the principles
of construction, with regard to the regulation of
commerce, which have been acquiesced in by the
people ever since the foundation of the government.
It is a well-known facf in history, that the great
valley of the Mississippi, prior to the organization
of our government, belonged in parcels to the sep-
arate States, (Virginia being the greatest land-
holder,) and to the Spanish and French gov-
gernments alternately. That portion belongin
to the several States was ceded, as common prop-
erty, to the federal government before the adoption
of the constitution. By this cession from the States,
this government became sole proprietor of the whole
property—embracing land, rivers, and everything
else; and thereby took from the States their jurisdic-
tion and entire control over those channels of inter-
nal commerce, which, in magnitude and extent, are
unparalleled upon the globe. The importance and
necessity of preserving these immense channels free
from the proprietorship and control of the States
which might thereafter be formed upon their coasts,
were early perceived, and absolutely declared by
the ordinance of 1787, organizing the Northwest
Territory, in the following words:
"The navigable waters leading into the Missis-
sippi and St. Lawrence, and the carrying-places
between the same, shall be common highways, and
forever free, as well to the inhabitants of said Ter-
ritory as to the citizens of the United States, and
those of any other States that maybe admitted into
the confederacy, without any tax, impost, or duty
therefor."
In 1803, the government of the United States pur-
chased, by treaty from France, the rest of the great
valley, embracing the mouth of the Mississippi,
through which all the commerce of the country had
to flow. In that treaty, the fieedom of the naviga-
tion of the Mississippi and its tributaries is again
fully recognised as belonging exclusively to the
United States, and stipulations made by which the
French and Spanish vessels are to be admitted into
its waters; showing clearly and unequivocally that
the government of the United States treated them
as property over which they had a complete con-
trol. It would scarcely be contended, for a single
moment, that a river, wholly and completely within
a State, and belonging to a State, could rightly be
the subject of treaty stipulations for freedom to her
internal navigation, without a direct violation to the,
rights of such State. Yet the Mississippi is thus
treated, upon the principle of property in the gen-
eral government in the stream.
Besides, when the United States became the pro-
prietor of that vast domain, she organized States
along the coasts of the rivers, on both sides, reserv-
ing to herself the property m the streams. And if
this great channel of internal commerce (the greatest
in extent upon the globe) is to be placed upon
the footing^ of a river rising and running wholly
within a State, and belonging to a State, and the
strict-construction principle be applied, it follows
that it never can be improved, and must remain for-
ever as nature left it: for the States on its borders,
having no property in it or on it, except to extend
their jurisdiction over it for the purposes of civil
government, cannot improve it if they would.
They cannot treat its navigation as a property, and
exact toll to reimburse them for their expenditures,
because that would come in conflict with the ordi-
nance that declared its navigation free. No separate
State, if she had the means, can engage in it; for
the moment she commences operations, she is a
trespasser. She is therefore by sufferance onlv, and
liable to be enjoyed by any inhabitant of its shores
who may deem such works calculated to work an
injury upon his lands, purchased of the government,
under the fath pledged in the ordinance of 17S7.
Besides, it is fair to ask of one State to improve a
navigation belonging to this government, and de-
clared to be equally the property of all, simply to
get her own products into market' Is this govern-
ment prepaied to ask of the State of Missouri to
expend her treasure to improve a work whi'-h is
the recognised property of the whole, and over
which, when her work is done and her treasure
spent, she can exercise no exclusive authority.
But the question has been asked, during the course
of debate on this subject, why the immediately-in-
terested States do not enter into a compact to pros-
