CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ti
Mr. TIBBATTS inquired if he had a right to
have the petition read.
The SPEAKER stated the rule of the House, as
follows: when the reading of a paper is called for
and objected to, that question shall be submitted to
the House, who shall decide it. This was a paper
presented by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Adams;] who gave, as required by the rules, a
verbal statement of its contents. Strictly speaking,
the paper was not in the possession of the House;
but the Chair decides that a majority of the House
may determine whether it will have it read or not.
Mr. BEARDSLEY called for the yeas and
nays on the question.
Mr. WISE inquired if that proceeding would
place.the paper on the journal.
The CHAIR said that all that would go on
would be a description of the paper.
Mr. WISE. The journal will speak of the pa-
per as being read by order of the House. Will
not that place the paper in the possession of the
House?
The SPEAKER. No; it will not.
The yeas and nays were then ordered.
Mr. WISE. Before voting, I wished to inquire
what paper it is that the motion is made to read.
The SPEAKER. The one presented by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, and of which he gave
a verbal statement of the contents.
Mr. WISE. Which one?
The SPEAKER. The journal gives no account
of what the paper is.
Mr. WELLER. Let us have the paper read, in
order that we may decide whether to have it read or
not.
Mr. WISE. I ask for the reading of that paper
which the journal calls for. I submit to the House
that I have a right to call for the reading of a paper,
the description of which has been journalized. I ob-
jected to the reading of a paper which was not in the
possession of the House; but, if the paper has been
journalized, it must be in the possession of the
House.
The SPEAKER Do I understand the gentle-
man to withdraw his objections?
Mr. WISE. Not at all; but the question is put to
me, as a member of the House, if I will allow a pa-
per to be read; and I want to know what it is, and
must have it read before I can know. This demon-
states that the decision of the Speaker works in a
circle so that you never can arrive at any result.
Which paper is it that the gentleman wants to have
read?
The SPEAKER. It is the paper presented by
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] and
the reading of which the gentleman from Virginia
objects to.
Mr. BEARDSLEY. The yeas and nays being
ordered, I ask if it is in order to debate the question'
If not, the question should at once be taken, and we
will then have the whole matter before us.
Mr. HOLMES said, it appeared to him that the
whole question was given up after the gentleman
had called for the reading of the paper; and he
wanted Southern gentlemen to consider whether any
paper that might be called for might be read. Now
suppose the Mormons from Illinois should send here
a petition—and doubtless the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts would present it for them—to supersede
the Holy Scriptures, and adopt the Mormon Bible
in its stead: he asked if gentleman would be wil-
ling to sit here and listen to the reading of the whole
Mormon Bible, from Alpha to Omega, because a
member called for it, in order that he might vote
with a full knowledge of the question.
Mr. GILMER said it seemed to him that the dis-
cussion going on was irregular and out of order.
The 24th rule prescribed that, when petitions are
presented, the member presenting them must give a
brief verbal statement of their contents. This has
been done in this case, and therefore the House was
already in possession of all the information in regard
to it thci^t the rule contemplated it should have, until
the paper shall be received.
Mr. BEARDSLEY asked if the gentleman raised
the point of order that the Chair was wrong in de-
ciding that the decision of the question must be
made by the House.
Mr. GILMER did not understand the Chair as
having decided the question, but as having submit-
ted the decision of it to the House. His object
was not to appeal from the decision of the Chair;
for he understood the Chair as declining to decide
the question, and referring it to the House. The
question he submitted to the Chair was, whether the
House could order the reading of this petition,
without a suspension of the 24th rule; and was it
not incumbent on the member, when he called for
the reading of the paper, to move that suspension?
Mr. SCHENCK understood the Speaker to have
decided that the question upon reading was not de-
batable. The state of tl# question appeared to him
to be this: the gentleman from Massachusetts
presented a petition, and at the same rime, in ac-
cordance with the rules, gave a verbal statement of
its contents; upon which a gentleman raised the
question of reception. A motion was then made to
lay the question of reception on the table; and,
pending the motion to get rid of the petition in this
summary way of laying the question of reception
on the table, some gentleman called for the reading
of it. Now he himself desired the reading of the
paper, in order that he might determine, for himself
whether the most proper disposition of the paper
would be to receive, reject, or lay it on the table. It
was true, a verbal statement had been given of its
contents; but he wished to have an opportunity of
comparing the contents of the paper with this verbal
statement, and to give his vote, whatever it might
be, with a full understanding of the subject. His
responsibility was to his constituents, and not to any
member of this House; and therefore, he was not
willing to predicate his votes on their verbal state-
ments, when he had an opportunity of judging for
himself. For these reasons, he desired to have the
paper received. One gentleman had objected that,
on this principle, the reading of the Bible might be
called for, and members might have to sit here till
July, to hear the whole of the Scriptures read
through. Well, this might be so, and he did not
know that the reading of the Scriptures would be
very unprofitable; but suppose a call was made for
the reading of the Bible: must not a majority of the
House desire to hear it read before it could be done?
Mr. STETSON called the gentleman from Ohio
to order, for debating a question that the Speaker
had just declared was not debatable. As other
members had been indulged, he had no objection to
a reasonable speech; but he must object to a long one.
Mr. SCHENCK proceeded with his remarks for
a few moments, but was interrupted with repeated
cries for the question.
The SPEAKER here read the rule under which
he submitted the question of reading to the House.
Some conversation ensued between Mr. WISE
and the SPEAKER, respecting the reading of the
paper.
Mr. TIBBATTS desired to hear the paper read.
Mr. REID of North Carolina, Mr. BEARDS-
LEY, Mr. WELLER, and Mr. HARALSON
likewise took part in the conversation which occur-
red; and ultimately the question was taken whether
the House would have the petition read, and it was
decided in the affirmative—146 voting in the affirma-
tive and 39 in that negative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Ashe, Barringer, Bar-
nard. Beardsley, Belser, Benton, Bidlaek, Jomes Black,
Blackwell, Bossier, Jacob Bnnkerhoft, Brodhead, Aaron
Y. Brown, Milton Brown, William J. Brown, Jere-
miah Brown, Buffington, Burke, Burt, Car)-, Carroll,
Catlin, Chilton, Clmgman, Clinton, Cobb, Collamer,
Cranston, Cullom, Dana, Garrett Davis, Richard D. Davis,
John W. Davis, Dean, Deberry, Dickey, Dillingham, Boug-
lass, Duncan, Ellis, Elmer, Farlee, Fish, Florence, Foot,
Foster, Frick, Giddings, Willis Green. By ram Cxreen, Gn-
der, Hale, Hamlin, Hardin, Harper, Hays, Henly, Herrick,
Hoge, Houston, Hubbell, Hudson, Hungerford, Washington
Hunt, James B. Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Joseph It. In-
gersoll, In-in. Jenks, Cave Johnson, Perley B. Johnson,
Andrew Johnson, Kennedy, Preston King. Daniel P.
kmc, Kirkpatrick, Maclay, McClelland, McClernand, Mc-
Dowell, Mcilvame, McKay, Marsh, Moore, Edward J.
Morris. Joseph Morris, Moseley, Murphy, Nes. Newton,
Norris, Owen, Parmcnter, Patterson, Pettit, Peyton. Phcenix.
Elisha R. Potter. Emery D. Potter, Purdy, Ramsey, Rath-
bun Charles M. Read, "Bitter, Robinson, Rogers, Russell,
St. John, Sample, Schenck, Senter, Severance, Thomas
H. Seymour, David L Seymour, Simons, John T. Smith,
Thomas Smith. Robert Smith, Stetson, Andrew Stewart,
John Stewart, Stone, Strong, feykes, Taylor, Thomasson,
Thompson, Tibbatts, Tilden, Vance, Vanmeter, Vmton,
Wcller Wentworth, Wheaton, White, Williams, Wilkms,
Winthrop. Wm. Wright, Joseph A. Wright, and "S ost—146,
NAYS—Messrs. Edward J. Black. James A. Black, Bow-
liijt Boyd, Caldwell, Campbell. Reuben Chapman, Augus-
tus A Chapman. Daniel, Dawson, Dellet. Dickinson,
Dromgoole, Ficklin, French, Gilmer, Haralson, Holmes,
Hopkins, Huhard, Hughes, Jameson, George V,. Jones,
Labranche, Lucas, Lumpkin, McCormcll. Mathews, David
S. Reid, Reding, Relte. Saunders, Simpson, Steenroa,
Stephens, Stiles, Wise, and Woodward—39.
The Clerk then read the memorial as follows:
To the honorable the Senate and Hotise of Representa-
tives of the United States in Congress Assembled:
We, the subscribers, residing in Randolph aad
Washington counties, and Stat? of Illinois, deeply
concerned in the general weal of this nation, desire
plainly, but respectfully, to address your' hohotable
body in relation to your duties as its Representa-
tives, believing that civil goVfernment is a. Divine in-
stit ution ordained for the glory of God and the good
of man; and that those who are lawfully called and
qualified to administer, (it being God's ministers,)
are bound, in all their official transactions, to act ac-
cording to his law, and to respect the honor of Him
by whom king's reign, and princes decree justice; and
that this nation, highly farored of Heaven in being
delivered from foreign domination and in various oth-
er ways, has greatly sinned in disregarding thpse
primary and fundamental principles of civil rule, and
that this is the cause of many of the evils that now
afflict this land, for which the God of nations has visit-
ed it for years past with many tokens of His just
displeasure. We ask you, therefore, to take this
subject into solemn and prayerful consideration; we
ask you not to adopt any measure inconsistent with
pure republican government, nor to pass any law
tending to unite church and state, or to impair the
rights of conscience of any; but we do ask you to
propose, as amendments to the federal Constitution,
the following provisions:
1. A full and explicit confession of sin against
the God of the whole earth, in not having acknowl-
edged His name and authority in the Constitution
of the United States, and in secjfcg, by constitu-
tional guaranties, the African SrAmerican slave
trade, and slavery in the States and Territories.
2. An acknowledgment of Jesus Christ as Prince
of the kingdoms of the earth; and national subju-
gation to him as Lord of all, to the glory of God the
Father.
3. An acknowledgment of the laws of God as
the supreme law of the land, and the revising of
every law, local or general, inconsistent with the
high mandates of Heaven.
4. Such an alteration of the Federal Constitution
as shall secure and protect every person in the na-
tion in the enjoyment and exercise of the inalien-
able rights of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happi-
ness.
Be wise, now, therefore, oh! ye kings; be in-
structed, ye judges of the earth. Serve the Lord in
fear, and rejoice with trembling. Kiss the Son, lest
he be angry, and ye perish from the way, when his
wrath is kindled but a little.
Signed by James Wallace and 212 others.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on lay-
ing the motion for its reception on the table.
Mr. ADAMS called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 98, nays 80, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ashe, Barringer, Belser, Bidlaek. Edward
J. Black, James Blaclc, James A. Black, Blackwell, Bos-
sier, Bower, Bowlm, Boyd, Jacob Brinkerhol!', Brodhead,
Aaron V. Brown, Milton Brown, William J. Brown, Burke,
Burt, Caldwell, Campbell, Reuben Chapman, Augustus A.
Chapman, Chilton, Clingman, Clinton, Cobb, Cross, Cul-
lom, Daniel, John W. Davis Dawson, Dellet, Dickinson,
Douglass, Dromgoole, French, Gilmer, Willis Green. Gri-
der, Haralson, Holmes, Hoge, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard,
Hughss. Charles J. Ingersoll, Jameson, Cave Johnson, An
drew Johnson, George W. Jones, Preston King, La
branche, Lucas, Lumpkin, McCausIen, Maclay, McClernard,
McConnell, McDowell, McKay, Moore, J. Morris, Murphy,
Newton. Norris, Owen, Peyton, E. D. Potter, Pratt, T>. S.
Reid, Reding, Relfe, Rhett, Ritter, Russell, Saunders, Sen-
ter Simpson, Slidell, Thos. Smith, Steenrod, Stephens,John
Stewart, Stiles, Stone, Strong, Taylor, Thomasson, Thomp-
son, Tibbatts, Weller, Wentworth, Wilkins, Wise, Wood-
ward, and Yost—9S.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Barnard, Beardsley,
Benton, J. Brown, Bufiington, Cary_, Carroll, Catlin, Colla-
mer, Cranston, Dana, Garrett Davis, R. D. Davis, Dean,
Dickev, Dillingham. Ellis, Elmer, Farlee, Fish, Florence,
Foot, "Frick, Giddings, Byram Green, Hale. Hamlin,
Hardin, Harper, Henley, Hubbell, Hudson, Hungerford,
Washington Hunt, James B. Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll,
Irvin, Jenks. Perley B. Johnson, Daniel P. King, Kirkpat-
rick McClellan, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Morse, Edw. J. Morris,
Ne* Parmenter, Patterson, Pettit, Pho:nix, E. R. Potter, Pur-
dv Ramsey, Charles M. Read, Robinson, Rogers, St. John,
Sample Schenck, Severance, Thos. H. Seymour, David L.
Seymour, Simons, Albert Smith, John T.Smith. Stetson,
Sykes Tilden, Vance, Yanmeter, Yinton, Wheaton, White,
Winthrop, William Wright, and Joseph A.Wright—SO.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL then moved that the
rales be suspended for the purpose of going into
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. ADAMS said he had some more petitions to
present, and among the rest—-
The SPEAKER said the gentleman could not pro-
ceed unless the rules were suspended.
Mr. THOMPSON submitted to the Chair, that
the gentleman from Massachusetts was entitled to
the floor.
The SPEAKER remarked, that he considered
