CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the gentleman from MassachusetU wa* entitled to
the floor.
Mr. ADAMS said this was the most extraordi-
nary mode of peace-naakiag that he ever heard of.
Mr. A. then presented certain resolves of the
Legislature of Massachusetts, and requested that
they might be read. He then moved that they be
printed and referred to a select committee of nine
members.
Mr. JAMESON moved to refer them to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON hoped his friend from
Missouri would withdraw that motion, and allow
them to so to a select committee.
Mr. JAMESON, however, declined to accede to
the request.
Mr. WISE then rose, and said he had been for
a long time opposing the proceedings of the House
upon these petitions. He saw, from the'manner
in which these proceedings had been con-
ducted, in reference to the section of the coun-
try which he represented, that the war
which had been commenced was likely to be
carried on unceasingly; and he now declared (and
he wished the reporters to be particular in taking
down what he said,) that now, henceforth, and for-
ever, he ceased to contend in the war which was be-
ing carried on in that House by certain men against
the South. Hgwrould hereafter oppose nothing;
but leave the gHRman from Massachusetts, and all
others, to take their own course with the whole sub-
ject. He would vote, therefore, for the motion of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, and let him have
the committee, and disclose his designs in full, that
they might know on what terms they stood in that
House.
Mr. HOLMES said that, although gentlemen
from Virginia might retire from the contest, he (Mr.
H.) would henceforth renew the battle. He did not
yet despair of the Republic. [Loud cries of "that's
right;" "nil desperandum."] He confessed, with the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Wise,] that the
action of that House had been anything but au-
spicious to Southern rights and interests. He said
to his constituents, that'day after day the waves
were rolling from the T^orth, which threatened to
overwhelm them. If his voice could reach not
only their ears but their hearts, he would say, so
far from relinquishing upon that floor, or in that
House, the idea of giving battle, he would sound
the tocsin, and give battle at once; for it was not to
be mistaken that even the old and gallant heroes
of the revolutionary struggle in the North—even
the venerable gentleman from Massachusetts him-
self, who was associated with them, shoulder to
shoulder, in the mighty contest which disenthralled
us from foreign dominion—were now engaged in
fierce hostility against their own countrymen. They
come to this House, and deny us even the right of rep-
resentation on this floor. The day of battle must
come; and he would say to Southern men, CJird up
your loms; put on your amor, and prepare for it.
You must meet it; and the sooner you secure the
rights which your fathers transmitted to you, the
better.
Mr. WISE said he wished to give the particular
reason for taking the course he did. [Several mem-
bers demanded that the question should be laid over,
as it was likely to give rise to debate.]
Mr. HOPKINS said he would insist that the pro-
position go over if debate was persisted in.
Mr. WISE desired to make an explanation
The CHAIR put the question whether Mr. Wise
have leave to proceed; which was granted.
Mr. WISE said he would not again have intruded
upon the House, but for the remarks which fell
from the gentleman from South Carolina.
Mr. HOLMES. I hope that the gentleman does
not suppose 
Mr. WISE. Not at all, [laughter;] but by pur-
suing this course, and declaring that he would cease
from the war, he meant only that he was not satis-
fied, as a friend to the people whom he represented,
with the manner in which the war against their
rights had been carried on. It was too solemn, too
grave, too vital a question, to be determined upon
the poor pitiful issue of a point of order. He in-
tended to pursue a different mode of waifare. In-
stead of contesting the motions made by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts; instead of calling upon
the Speaker to decide points of order; instead of
asking that the rules of the House may be enforced,
he intended to leave the majority to take their own
course. The only question now was, whether the
Constitution would protect the minority there from
insult, or whether they were to be protected by the
guaranties which their forefathers had provided for
them, at the expense of the blood of heroes and the
wisdom of sages.
Mr. BEARDSLEY asked leave to make a few
remarks; which being granted, Mr. B. observed that
he was of opinion tha^what the gentleman from
Virginia denominated the war, had not been con-
ducted in a manner best calculated to protect South-
ern rights; though he arrived at that conclusion in a
different way. He believed that with regard to pe-
titions touching this delicate question of slavery, the
true constitutional course would be to receive them,
and either lay them on the table, or reject them, if the
minds of members were already made up adverse to
their prayers. But, if the House was not prepared
to pronounce such a judgment on them, or'if the
House should think it most politic, for the sake of
preserving the peace ofthe country, to refer them, (as
was the practice of the House for many years, and
a practice for which he had often given his vote,) he
would send them to a select committee consisting of
those members most favorable to the objects em-
braced in them.
Though his mind was irresistibly brought to the
conclusion that Congress could in no degree inter-
fere with the question of slavery, he was convinced
that the true policy for Southern gentlemen—the
best mode to quell this exciting tempest, and to re-
store peace and harmony to the country—would be
to refer these petitions to those most in favor of
them, and thus throw upon them the responsibility
of making a report recommending such action as
they thought should be had in regard to them.
They could propose nothing but a violation of the
Constitution, or a dissolution of the Union, that
could accomplish the objects such petitions had in
view; and should they make a report recommending
an infringement of the Constitution, they would at
once be met by an overwhelming majority of the
House opposed to them. Was there a man
there from the North, abolitionist or not, that
would listen to a proposition for a dissolution
ofthe Union? He was sure there was not; and he
was equally sure that there would be found very few
willing to trench on the rights of the South, or inter-
fere with the institutions guarantied to them by the
Constitution. In saying this, he spoke too the sen-
timents of a majority of the people of the North; for
he did not believe there was one in fifty of them not
as ready to protect the South in its constitutional
rights as they were to defend their own. He would
add further, that in his opinion the reference to a
committee, of such resolutions as had been presented
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, did not imply
that the House was in favor of them. He thought
he might say with confidence, that there was not a
single member from New York who desired the ac-
complishment of such objects as were contained in
those resolutions; and if he might be permitted to
speak of political divisions, he would say that, of the
Democracy of New York, there was not a single
individual of them disposed to question the rights of
the South, or to interfere with that particular species
of property which is the subject of these abolition
petitions. The true mode of proceeding with these
petitions, would be to receive and refer them to
those members most favorably disposed towards
them, and thus throw on them the responsibility
of embodying their views on this subject in a report.
If, said he, we vote against receiving them, we get
entangled in the question of the right of petition—a
right which he never could vote to abridge. Such
being his convictions, he never could vote against
receiving these petitions; for he was persuaded that
such votes were in violation of the Constitution.
Mr. WISE suggested to the gentleman, before he
sat down, to move for a select committee, to which to
refer not only the resolutions just offered by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, but all the petitions
he might offer of a similar nature. He (Mr, W.)
could not make such a motion himself, nor vote for
it, for, as he said before, he would no longer con-
tinue the warfare in this House; but he would be
obliged to the gentleman if he would do it.
Mr. WELLER desired leave to offer his views
on the subject; which being granted, Mr. W. said
he wished to express his dissent from the doctrines
advanced by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Beardsley.] The gentleman seemed to labor un-
der the impression that the best way of putting
down the abolitionists would be to encourage
them and receive their petitions. Gentlemen
might remember that there was a time when
such petitions were received and referred; and
that there was a voluminous report make on the
subject. What was the consequence? Why, at
the very next session there were 50,000 abolition
petitions received more than were ever received be-
fore. Notwithstanding this experience of the
House, the gentleman from New York had now
discovered that, if they would receive these abolition
petitions, and make a report on them—that if they
would encourage them, it would put them down.
This was a strange idea to him. Why was it that
petitions were received and referred to the appro-
priate committees? It was in order that the com-
mittees might report the facts to the House, m
order that the House might act understanding-
ly on them.
But if the House had resolved to refuse the prayer
of the petitioners, why was it necessary to "receive
and refer them? The gentleman from New York
had insisted broadly, that refusing to receive these
petitions would be violating the Constitution. He
had as much regard for the Constitution as the gen-
tleman, and he should hesitate before he allowed
him to decide constitutional questions for him, after
the expression of such an opinion by him. For his
part, he should vote against receiving the petitions
of these men, knowing that their object was to vio-
violate the Constitution. Encourage these men;
receive their petitions, and refer them to a commit-
tee, and the time will arrive when they will become
more bold, and petition for a dissolution of the
Union.
Mr. BEARDSLEY explained, that he only ex-
pressed his own views of the constitutional obliga-
tion to receive petitions, without pretending to speak
for others.
Mr. WELLER said that what he objected to was
the gentleman's undertaking to speak for the North-
ern people, when the understanding generally was
that the West and the North meant the same. He
was not willing to admit that the people of the West
viewed this question in the same light as the gen-
tleman from New York. He met this question
before his constituents, and he pledged him-
self to them that he would oppose, with all
his energies, every attempt to destroy that Consti-
tution which secures to them the blessings tinder
which they live—that those who would apply the
torch to this grand and beautiful temple of Ameri-
can liberty, should always find him ready to resist
them. As the people of the West would never suf-
fer the South to interfere for a moment with their
constitutional rights, so would they be equally as
ready not only to refrain from interfering with the
rights of the South themselves, as to protect them
from the attacks of others, come from what quarter
they may. We stand (said he) by the Constitution
given to us by our fathers, which secures to all the
members of the American family their just rights;
and in defending from insult and violation the rights
of one, we defend the rights of all.
Believing that the rejection of these abolition pe-
titions was the best way to arrest the designs of the
abolitionists, he would continue to vote against
their reception.
Mr. BELSER, under the belief that the House
was not in a condition to decide upon so grave a
question, moved that it do now adjourn; but, at the
request of Mr. French, withdrew his motion, 011
condition that that gentleman, after making a few
remarks, would renew it.
Mr. FRENCH asked leave to make a few re-
marks on the question. Leave being granted, Mr.
I1'. thanked the House for its kindness, and said he
would detain them but a few minutes, while he sub
mitted a few reflections which it appeared to him
ought to be taken into consideration by every gen-
tleman, before voting on questions such as tins. He
had taken the oath to support the Constitution of
the United States; and his purpose in rising was to
show that, if he voted for the reception of abolition
petitions, he voted to violate it.
The Constitution reads, that Representatives and
direct taxes shall be apportioned among the several
States which may be included in this Union, ac-
cording to their respective numbers; which shall be
de-ermtned by adding to the whole number of free
persons, including those bound to serve for a term
of years, and excluding Indians not taxed, three-fifths
of all other persons. That class embraced slaves;
and, in determining the numbers which in slave
States shall be represented, three-fifths of the slaves
must be added to the free population. Now, if the
abolition petitioners could have their way, this sol-
emn guaranty to the slave States would be stricken
out, and that portion of their representation on this
