CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
§4
pie, -'Chenck, Severance, Thomas H. Seymour, David L.
Seymour, Simons, Albert Smith, Stephens, Stetson, An-
drew Stewart, John Stewart, Thomasson, Tilden, "Vance,
Vanmeter, Vinton, Wentworth, Wheaton, White, Williams,
Wilkins, Winthrop, Wise, and William Wright—104.
After a few words from several gentlemen, the
paper was referred to a select committee of nine.
Mr. ADAMS next presented the petition of Mrs.
Anne Royal, the widow of a revolutionary officer,for
a pension; which was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions.
Mr, A. then presented many other petitions;
which were referred to appropriate committees
without observation; and having expressed his obli-
fations to the House for their long attention to him,
e resumed his seat.
From Massachusetts, various other petitions were
presented by Messrs. HUDSON, WINTHROP,
KING and PARMENTER.
From Rhode Island: by Mr. CRANSTON.
From Connecticut: by Messrs. CATLIN, SEY-
MOUR, STEWART, and SIMONS.
From Vermont: by Messrs. DILLINGHAM and
FOOT-
From New York: bv Messrs. KING, LEON-
ARD, ANDERSON, HUNT, FISH, HUNGER-
FORD, MOSELEY, and DANA.
Mr. CARROLL presented a petition praying for
a reduction of postage; and remarked that it costs
one cent more to send a letter than it does to send a
barrel of flour from Geneva, in the State of New
York, to Albany.
Petitions were presented by
Mr. PATTERSON, of New York; and
Mr. KIRKPATRICK, of New Jersey.
Mr. BIDLACK, of Pennsylvania, asked leave to
withdraw the petition heretofore presented by him
for the establishment of a national foundry, for the
purpose of reference to a different committee. He
would not, however, move its reference at present,
because it would probably give rise to debate.
Leave was granted.
Mr. WILKINS asked leave to offer a resolution;
which was objected to.
Messrs. HOPKINS and CHILTON, of Virginia,
severally asked leave to withdraw certain papers;
which was granted.
Mr. WISE presented a memorial.
Petitions were presented by—
Messrs. SAUNDERS and CAMPBELL, of North
Carolina.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia.
Mr. THOMASSON, of Kentucky.
Mr. TIBBATTS gave notice that he would, to-
morrow, or some subsequent day, ask leave to in-
troduce a bill to abolish imprisonment for debt in the
District of Columbia.
Mr. FRENCH presented the petition of John
Ficklin, praying for a pension; and moved its refer-
ence to the Committee on Invalid Pensions: refer-
red.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved a reference of
the memorial of the Mayor and Aldermen of Mem-
phis, together with an article accompanying the
same, entitled "Maritime Interests of the South
and West," to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
that they be printed; which was ordered accordingly.
Mr. CULLOM presented the petition of O. H.
Dibble: referred to the Committee of Claims.
Petitions were presented by Messrs. "BLACK-
WELL,'JOHNSON, and SENTER, of Tennessee.
By Mr. HARPER, of Ohio.
Mr. BARNARD presented the petition of Sarah
Scoville: referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions.
Petitions were also presented by the following
gentlemen from Ohio: Messrs. MOORE, DUN-
fcAN, McCAUSLEN, VANCE, and McBOW-
ELL.
By Messrs. BOSSIER and LABKANCHE, of
Louisiana.
On motion of Mr. HARPER, the petition and
papers of Solomon Sturgis, of Muskingum county,
Ohio, for relief, were taken from the files of this
House, and referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
Mr. HARPER presented the petition of J. W.
Seymour and 124 other citizens of Licking county,
Ohio, praying for reduction of the present rates of
postage: referred to the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Road3. . ,
Mr. STEENROD presented two petitions from
Ohio county, Virginia, praying for an appropriation
for the erection of* bridge across the Ohio river at
Wheeling.
Mr. HOPKINS asked and obtained leave to with-
draw from the files of the House, the memorials of
Joseph Ramsey, of Wythe county, and Mary Ann
Linton, of Grayson county; which, upon liis motion,
were referred to the appropriate committees.
From Indiana: by Messrs. OWEN, WM. J.
BROWN, PETTIT, and SAMPLE.
From Mississippi: by Mr. THOMPSON.
Mr. THOMPSON asked leave to introduce a bill,
notice of which had been previously given; but ob-
jections being made, it was not offered.
From Illinois: by Messrs. HOGE, HARDIN,
WENTWORTH, SMITH, and FICKLIN.
From Alabama: by Mr. HOUSTON.
From Missouri: by Messrs. JAMESON and
BOWLING.
From Arkansas: by Mr. CROSS.
Petitions from Florida being called for,
Mr. LEVY said he would not take up the time of
the House by presenting the petitions he had on
hand, but would have them entered under the rules.
He, however, desired to occupy the time allowed
him instead, by offering some resolutions.
Objections being made by several,
Mr. LEVY moved to suspend the rules, to allow
him to offer his resolutions; and handed up the fol-
lowing, which were read for information:
Resolred, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to inform this House, under what arrangements the
Indians at present in Florida remain there; whether an) and
what steps rfrc in progress for their removal under the
treaty of Payne's Landing ; whether any trading-houses
have been established, or are contemplated to be established,
for their use; whether any compensation is paid to any one
as Indian agent, or commissioner, in Florida; whether any
annuity or presents have been allowed to any of the Indians
now in Florida; and what part of the public domain in Flor-
ida has been surrendered to the exclusive occupation of said
Indians, the area and boundaries thereof, and whether said
occupation is unconditional, or for a definite period and upon
stipulated terms.
Resolved, That the Secretary of State cause to be collect-
ed and furnished to this House all the information which can
be procured by his department respecting the cultivation
and diseases of the orange, and such oilier tropical fruits as
are adapted to the climate and soil of the peninsula of Flor-
ida.
Resoh-ed, That the Commissioner of the General Land
Office be required to report to this House what cancella-
tions of permits, issued under the act for the occupation of
the Florida peninsula, have been ordered by him, the dates
and other particulars of said permits, and he grounds upon
u liich they were cancelled.
Resolred farther, That the said Commissioner be required
to rt port to this House what reservations of public lands in
Florida have been made, and the dates at which the land
officers of the appropriate districts were officially informed
of said reservations.
Resolved, That the Military Committee be instructed to
inquire what further legislation is necessary to enable the
accounting officers to apply the appropriations made on the
22d day of August, 1842, for arrearages due for supplies
furnished to militia in the service of the United States.
The question was then put on Mr. Levy's motion
to suspend the rules, upon which the vote was—ayes
67, noes 35.
No quorum voting—
Mr. LEVY withdrew his motion.
The SPEAKER presented several reports from
the executive departments; which were laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
The joint resolution from the Senate, for the ap-
pointment of a Joint Committee on Enrolled Bills,
was taken up and concurred in.
Mr. BARNARD moved that when the House
adjourn, it adjourn over to Tuesday next.
Mr. C. JOHNSON called for the yeas and nays
on the question; but the call was not sustained by
the House.
The question was then put on Mr. Barnard's
motion, and decided in the affirmative—ayes 76,
noes 2".
The House then adjourned over to luesday
next.
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day were handed to the reporters by the memoers
presenting them:
Bv Mr. PRESTON KING: A petition from
inhabitants of St. Lawrence county, New i ork,
praying a regulation and reduction of the rates of
postage. Mr. K. moved to refer the petition to the
Committee oil the Post Office and Post Roads, with
instructions to inquire into the expediency of abol-
ishing the franking privilege; of regulating the rates
of postage in accordance with the coins of the Uni-
ted States, and the committee investigate and esti-
mate the lowest rates of postage that will leave the
Post Office Department able to be sustained from
its own revenue; and report thereon to tins Hott.-*e.
Tne resolution giving rise to deliate, goes over till
to-.norrow.
By Mr. BROWN of Indiana: The petition of
Solomon J. Scott, praying a remuneration for an
invention which he has made in the made of travel-
ling on turnpike and other roads. Also, an improve-
ment in the mode of navigating canals, by which
the conveyance of the United States mails may be
greatly facilitated.
By Mr. McILVAINE: The petition of citizens of
Delaware county, Pa., praying for a reduction in the
rates of postage. Also, the petition of citizens of
Delaware county, Pa., praying an appropriation for
a dry dock at Philadelphia.
By Mr. PARMENTER: The petition of Marcy
Colburn, for military services of her husband during
the last war with Great Britain. Also, the petition
of Elbridge G. Woodman, for the purchase, by the
Government, of his invention of a new mode ©/con-
structing forts principally of iron. Also, the petition
of Israel D. Goodridge and others, for a fishing
bounty.
By Mr. A. V. BROWN: The petition of Samuel
Watson, of Giles county, Tenn., a soldier of the
Revolution, praying a pension for his services.
Also, the petition of John Everley, of Giles county,
Tenn., praying a pension for his revolutionary
services. Also, the petition of Alethea Allen, of
Lawrence county, Tenn., widow of Daniel Allen,
praying a pension for the revolutionary services of
her husband. All of which were referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
By Mr. JAMESON: A memorial of the. Legis-
lature of Missouri against disbanding the 2d regi-
ment of dragoons: referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs. Also, a memorial of same, respecting
school lands: referred to the Committee on Public
lands. Also, an act of same, respecting the boundary
line between the State of Missouri and Iowa Terri-
tory: referred to the Committee on Territories.
Also, a petition of A. B. Sheppard, and others, for
the extension of a mail route from Howard's to
Warrensburg, in Johnston county, by the way of
Georgetown, Fairview, and Mulky's Old Mills: re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads. Also, a memorial signed by Robert O.
Blakey and others, praying that the circuit court of
the United States, held at St. Louis for the State of
Missouri, be hereafter held at Jefferson City, the seat
of the government of that State: referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
On motion of Mr. JAMESON, the several memo-
rials on the files of the last session on the subject
of the northern boundary of Missouri, were re-
ferred to the Committee on Territories.
By Mr. FICKLIN: the petition of Enoch
Perkins, of Edgar county, Illinois, praying for a
pension? Also, the petition W. Barrick, and others,
praying for the establishment of a mail route from
Charleston, in Clark county, by Salsbury, to Mar-
tinsville, in Clark county, Illinois: referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
On motion by Mr. FICKLIN, leave was given to
withdraw the petition of Adam Mitchell, of Coles
county, Illinois, from the files of the last Congress,
and refer it to the Commtttee on Revolutionary
Claims.
By Mr. HOUSTON: the petition of Farley D.
Thompson and others, of Franklin county, Ala-
bama, praying that the said Thompson be released
from the payment to the Federal Government of a
sum of money therein named. Also, asked leave to
withdraw from the files of the House the paper m
the same case submitted at the lost Congress; all
of which wore referred to the Committee on the Post
OfEce and Post Roads. _
By Mr CLINTON: the petition ot barah till-
dreth, heretofore presented December 20,1838: re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
The petition of Elizabeth Gardener, Emma Hart-
ford, Elizabeth Elmon, Elizabeth Peck, Mary
McCleanning, Sally C. Sparks, Eliza Root, and
Ruth Black, widows of revolutionary soldiers, pray-
in«- for the continuance of their pensions.
The petition of Catharine Johnson, widow of
William Johnson, for a pension in consideration of
the services of her said husband: referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday. December 26, 1843.
The PRESIDENT pro iem. laid before the Sen-
ate resolutions adopted by the Common Council of
Alexandria, in favor of the recharter of the banks in
that town: referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
