70
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
order, because it would supersede a standing order
of the day.
Mr. WRIGHT offered a resolution; which'was
not received, being out of order.
REDUCTION OF POSTAGE.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the deferred subject of debate.
Mr. BARNARD rose to a question of order.
The rules, as he understood them, required that
there should be a call of the several States for the
presentation of petitions during the first thirty days
of the session. This was intended to give every •
gentleman an opportunity of presenting such
petitions as he might have in his possession.
And hence the discussion which had arisen upon
the rale. If he understood the rule, it was, that pe-
titions upon which debate arose should lie over, and
be placed upon the calendar of debatable business,
ana not be taken up at a time when petitions were
presentable. He was quite certain in his recollec-
tion, that, as long as he had been a member of that
House, it had been the universal practice, that,
when a debate arose upon a petition, it went over—
not to the next day, for that would equally block up
the business of that day—but it was placed upon
the calendar of the business of the House, to be
taken up in the order of debatable business. It
must be manifest to the House that the object and
intent of the rule would be annulled, if the debate
were permitted to interfere with the presentation of
petitions on the following day.
The SPEAKER remarked that, in the troinion of
the Chair, the gentleman was right, in reference to
the disposition to be made of petitions after the first
thirty days of the session; and this had always
been the practice of the House.
Mr. KING (who, standing in a remote position,
was very imperfectly heard by the reporter) was
understood to say that he was very desirous that
this petition which had been presented by him
should be referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, in order that it should be speedily
acted upon; that postages should be regulated and
reduced; and that an estimate might be made, and
reported to the House. His object was, that the
House, by the adoption of the resolution he had
offered, should give an indication that it was their
design to act upon the subject during the present ses-
sion.
Mr. CARROLL said it appeared to him, from the
present indications of the representation in that
House, that if there was any one subject upon
which they would have more petitions than upon
another, it was the subject of a reduction of postage;
and taking, as indications of public feeling, what
they found in the public journals throughout the
entire land, he would say, that if there was any
one subject upon which they would be called upon
to act "by hundreds of thousands of their con-
stituency, it was that subject. He did not rise at
this stage of the proceeding because he was op-
posed to the reduction of postage; but he rose
merely because there was a motion made to instruct
a standing committee of the House upon a subject
on which the petitions were merely at their com-
mencement—upon a subject on which they did not
yet know what were the wishes of the people of
this Union. He had petitions now in lus charge on
this subject, and he had no doubt that a xery large
portion of the members of the House had also simi-
lar petitions. He merely rose, therefore, to express
his doubt as to the propriety, at this time, upon the
partial information they possessed as to what they
would be called on to do, of requiring a standing
committee to make a report. If he understood the
object of the resolution, it went to instruct the com-
mittee to investigate and report to the House to
what degree the rates of postage might be reduced,
and still the department be enabled to support itself.
If they were to adopt these instructions, it might
possibly be considered as an indication of the sense
of the House that they did not mean to reduce the
rates of postage unless it were found that the de-
partment would support itself after a reduction. He
presumed that, at this time, and at this stage of the
proceedings, the House was not prepared to assume
that ground. If the people of this Union call for a
reduction of the rates of postage, whether the de-
pal tment could sustain itself by its receipts for
postage or not, should the House forestall its action
upon the subject by instructions to the committee?
Why, it was the principal subject on which the
f'.mniittee would be called upon to deliberate. And
m by should they instruct them in this way, without
knowing what calls were to be made upon them for
action? To judge from the evidences which they
daily received in the public journals, itwould appear
that, if there was any one subject on which the
people of this community were at this time agitated
more, perhaps, than upon any other, it was respect-
ing the oppression under which they labor in con-
sequence of the present exorbitant rates of postage.
He himself had the honor of presenting, the last day
the House met, a petition asking for a reduction of
the rates of postage, and which petition presented
the fact that it cost one cent and three-quarters more
to carry a letter in the mails from Geneva to New
York—a distance of 200 miles—than to transport a
barrel of flour from one place to the other. The
people were clamorous on this subject of the reduc-
tion of postage; and he thought they were called
upon too early to instruct the committee in the man-
ner proposed. It would be better to wait till the
majority of the petitions on this subject came in,
when they would have all the necessary information
in regard to it; and from that information they could
the better judge what instructions it would be prop-
er to give to the committee taking it in charge.
Mr. R. D. DAVIS thought that the point object-
ed to by his colleague was the one that ought to be
inquired into. There was a general sentiment
throughout the country in favor of the reduction of
postage to the lowest rate at which the department
would be able to sustain itself; but he was not pre-
pared to admit that public sentiment went farther.
For his own part, he had no objection to the reduc-
tion to that point, and he therefore wished the com-
mittee to make the inquiries proposed in the instruc-
tions.
Mr. BARNARD requested the instructions might
be read; and they were accordingly read, as follows:
Resolved, That the petition be reierred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, and that said committee
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of abolishing
the franking privilege, and of regulating the rates of postage
according to the coin of the United States; and inquire into
and report the lowest rates ot postage at which the depait-
ment can support itself.
Mr. B. then called for the reading of the petition;
which was read.
The question was put on referring the petition with
instructions, and lost without a division.
Mr. HOPKINS supposed there would be no ob-
jection to the reference of the petition, and that the
House had only voted down the instructions, which
he himself did not deem necessary.
The petition was then referred to the Committee
on the JPost Office and Post Roads, by general coil-
sent.
Petitions from Florida being called for—
Mr. LEVY asked leave to offer the resolutions
which were presented by him on Friday last, and
which appeared in the Globe's report of that day's
proceedings.
The SPEAKER informing the gentleman that
the resolutions were out of order, and could not be
received—
Mr. LEVY said he would not trouble the House
with any petitions at this time.
Mr. CHARLES J. INGERSOLL asked what
was the next business before the House.
The SPEAKER replied that the next business
was the calling upon the States for petitions.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL moved to postpone that
business, in order that the House might resolve it-
self into a Committee of the Whole.
The question being put, this motion wa.s lost
without a division.
The SPEAKER then called for petitions from the
States, commencing with Michigan; and they were
presented as follows:
From Missouri, by Messrs. JAMESON and
HUGHES.
From Illinois, by Messrs. DOUGLASS and
FICKLIN.
Mr. McCLERNARD asked leave to offer areso-
lution; but not being in order, it was not received.
Petitions from Mississippi being called for—
Mr. THOMPSON asked leave to offer a resolu-
tion on the subject of a petition which he had pre-
sented; but was ruled to.be out of order by the
Speaker.
From Indiana, by Messrs DAVIS and HENRY.
From Ohio, by Messrs. VANCE, GIDDINGS,
HARPER, and MATHEWS.
From Tennessee, by Mr. MILTON BROWN.
From Kentucky, by Messrs. G. DAVIS, TIE-
PATS, STONE, and THOMASSON.
FfopiBoutl) Carolina. Mr. CAMPBELL pre
sented the petition of the Farmer' Bank, and the
 Bank of Alexandria, D. C., praying for a re-
newal of their Charters; which was referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
From North Carolina, by Mr. CLINGMAN.
From Virginia, by Mr. STEENROD.
From New Jersey, by Mr. SYKES.
On the motion of Mr. BIDLACK, the petitions
and papers heretofore presented by him on the sub-
ject of a national fpundry were referred to the se-
lect committee now ordered.
Other petitions were then presented—
From Pennsylvania, by Messrs. BRODHEAD,
WILKINS, DICKEY, and READ.
From New York, bv Meesrs. SEYMOUR, PUR-
DY, GREEN, ELLIS, DANA, RATHBUN,
MOSELY, and STETSON.
From Connecticut, by Mr. CATLIN.
From Rhode Island, by Mr. CRANSTON.
From Massachusetts, by Messrs. GRINNELL,
HUDSON, and ADAMS, who presented a great
number of the class usually presented by this hon-
orable gentleman.
One of these petitions was from Woodstock, in
the State of Connecticut, which asked Congress
to abolish slavely in the District of Columbia and
the Territories, and the slave trade between the sev-
eral States of the Union: secondly, that neither Flor-
ida nor any other slave Territory be admitted into
the Union: thirdly, that measures be taken for an
amendment to the Constitution of the United States,
so that slavery may be abolished, or the people of
the States exonerated doing anything to sustain it:
and, fourthly, that commercial and diplomatic rela-
tions may be instituted between this country and
the Republic of Hayti.
The SPEAKER said this petition came within
the rule.
Mr. ADAMS admitted that three of the four
prayers of the petition came within the rule, and
would be excluded by it; but the practice of the
House had been, when a petition was offered con-
taining several prayers, some of which were exclu-
ded by the rule, and some were admissible under it,
to refer such portions only as were admissible; he,
therefore, moved that that portion of the petition in
relation to the republic of Hayti he referred to the
Committee on Foreign relations.
The SPEAKER decided that the petition contain-
ed matter which was inadmissible under the rule;
and that the parts which were admissible must,
therefore, be rejected with those that were inadmis-
sable, as the petition must be received as a whole.
The Chair, he said, could not receive portions of
the petition, which did not violate the rules, without
receiving those parts which did violate the rules;
and, therefore, the whole petition was decided to be
inadmissible.
Mr. ADAMS appealed from this decision, and
called for the yeas and nays thereon; but this mo-
tion did not appear to be seconded.
Tellers were demanded and ordered, and Messrs.
Wintiirop and C. Johnson were appointed; and,
they having taken the vote, reported 23 in the affirm-
ative, and 80 in the negative; which was less than
a quorum.
Mr. ADAMS. If this resistance is persisted in,
I shall move a call of the House.
A motion was made for an adjournment; but the
yeas and nays being called upon it, the motion wa>s
withdrawn.
Mr. ADAMS asked that the question be again
put upon the demand for the yeas and nays upon
his appeal.
Tellers were again appointed, and the votes were
28 in favor of taking the question by yeas and nays,
and 87 against it.
Upwards of one-fifth voting in the affirmative,
the yeas and nays were ordered; and, being taken,
resulted as follows—yeas 105, nays 40:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Barnnger, Belser, Benton,
Bidlack, Kduard J. Black, James Black, James A. Black,
Blackwell, Bossier, Bower, Bowlin, Boyd, Jacob Br,nkei-
hott'. Brodhead, Milton Brown, William J Brown, Burke,
Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll, Reuben Chapman, * ling-
man, Clinton, Coles, Cross, {.uilom, Daniel, John V,'.
Davis, Deberry, Dickmson, Lulling ham, tarlee,
I'ickim, poster, l-reuch, Byiam Green, Gr, cr Hale. Ha,!'-
lm, Haralson, Havs, Henley, Hemck, Holmes, Hoge,
Hopkins, Houston, Hubbeli, Hughes, Hungerloid, James J,
Hunt, Jameson, C,r.e johnson, Andiow Johnson, Kennedy,
Preston King, Kirkpatrick. LaLianche. Lumpkin, .Vet aus
len, McClernand, McConnell, Vx.L'ou el!, McKay, Joseph
Morris, Norris, Parmenter, Peyton, Lrneiy D. Potter, Pratt,
Purdy, Bathbnn, IJavid S. lieid, Reding, Kussell, St. John,
Saunders, Senter, Thomas H. Seymour, David L. Seymour,
Simons, Simpson, Shdell, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith,
Steenrod, $t«ybcns, Statson, John Stpw&rt, SUJss, Btoue,
