Jan. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
85
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Saunders.
H. of Reps;
before the people of my own State, where, I be-
lieve, it has been explained to the satisfaction of
such as have heard me. I was in Congress for the
first time in the years 1821-'22, when I received a
petition from a Society of Friends, highly respecta-
ble persons, asking for the abolition of slavery and
for the suppression of the African slave-trade. The
President (Mr. Monroe) had called the attention of
Congress specially to the latter subject; and a select
committee (at the head of which was a gentleman
from South Carolina) was created on the part of the
message. The petition was presented by me, re-
ceived, and referred to that committee. Thus far
the subject was a legitimate, one, and there was
nothing wrong in the matter. This might be a suf-
ficient answer to the question. But I desire not to
take refuge under such a technical cover. At the
time I offered that petition, all was quiet; the fell
spirit of abolitionism had not then sought to disturb
the harmony of our proceedings in this hall, nor to
poison the public feeling in regard to this distracting
question. What was innocent then would be crim-
inal now. What I then did, without reflection, I
would not do now after reflection. The question of
jurisdiction in regard to slavery had not then been
made, at least not to my knowledge. I trust this
answer will satisfy the gentleman; and that, instead
of seeking- to find a precedent to justify his own
conduct, he and his friends will follow my example,
and promise in this pai ticular to sin no more.
I return to the next point in the argument, (the
521st rule. Was it, as has been asserted, wrong in
itself, effecting mischief, rather than good? By what
process of reasoning are gentlemen brought to this
conclusion? It is said a majority may grant leave
to any member to introduce a bill abolishing slavery
within the District, and pass it in defiance of the
rule. Grant it: and what does tl.at prove? That
the rule is either useless or mischievous' Most cer-
tainly not. On the contrary, it establishes that the
right, which is so zealously insisted on, is in itself
useless. If the majority have the right of action, as
I admit they have, then why trouble ourselves with
receiving, hearing, and referring these petitions? It
is because the majority say they are not disposed
to act, that, I insist on the utility of the rule. My
colleague says he is opposed to abolishing slavery,
and a majority concur in that opinion. Then, I
ask, for what end receive and consider these peti-
tions? Does he desire to bring this out-door senti-
ment to operate in the House, so as to change our
present majority into a minority? I hope not. I
have no disposition to disturb the relation between
the constituent and his representative. I admit
confidence, mutual and endearing, which should
subsist between the representative and constituent,
to constitute the brightest gem in the diadem of a
representative government. I desire not to tarnish
its lustre; but still I cannot consent to see the bad
feeling out of the House brought to operate here, m
order to change what all should admit to be right.
Gentlemen deceive themselves when they say dis-
cussion on this subject can do no mischief. It is
one of the. very ends resorted to, m order to render
the slave discontented with his condition. And I
doubt not the triumph which the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Adams,] says he has gained
within these walls, has already been sounded else-
where. I beg not to be misunderstood. Whilst
the South does not fear the slave, and believes
them contented if not excited into mischief,
none are so hardy as not to dread the awful con-
sequences of insurrection. It has not been the for-
tune of my colleague, nor of other members on this
floor, as it has been mine, after these threatened in-
surrections, to stand hy the anxious mother as she
watched over the sweet slumbers of her innocent
babe, when the smallest whisper, like the fire-bell
at midnight, beats alarm tothousand fears. I say,
then, to gentlemen, unless they are prepared to act,
to pause, and to silence forever these mad distur-
bers of our peace and repose.
I cannot now, Mr. Speaker, to the last point
which has been made m this discussion, and that
is, the call upon the South to surrender this rule, in
order to propitate the public sentiment of the North,
and to save those friends who have stood so man-
fully by us on this question. So far as my col-
eague is concerned, his appeal has but little effeet.
He has acknowledged his opposition to the rule—
that he thinks it wrong, and ought to be given up;
and bis political friends at the North have voted
against it. Yes, sir; if the gentleman will take the
trouble to examine, he will find but a single whig
vote in favor of the rule north of Mason and Dix-
on's line, and the head of that individual has, with-
in a few days, fallen a victim to the guillotine in the
other end of the Capitol. So to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] who seeks to
propitiate high Heaven as a reward for his exertions,
and claims the applauding vox Dei, to cheer him on
in his heedless course, I turn with a deaf ear.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Beardsley]
come iuji still more questionable shape. He claims
not the approbation of Heaven, but the plaudits
of vox populi; and from the signs of the times,
and the billing and cooing in certain quarters, it is
not difficult to divine whose favor he seeks to gain.
Let me, then, say to gentlemen, in all candor,
if the democracy of the South are to be thrown
off for these abolition allies, all we desire is, to
know it, that we may take our discharge without
asking. The call coming from such quarters as
these, I regard not. But those who have hitherto
acted with us in good faith, and whose sincerity we
cannot now question, for one, I am prepared t© treat
with the utmost kindness and respect. To such I
beg to say, they greatly deceive themselves if they
can possibly sappose any modification, or even the
repeal of this rule, will silence this out-door clamor
about the right of petition. No, sir. And I beg to
invite for a moment the attention of my northern
friends to the legislative history in regard to this
matter. These abolition petitions had been receiv-
ed, and referred generally to the Committee on the
District of Columbia, where they remained without
action. This course was not satisfactory to the peti-
tioners, and they became a clamorous, that, in 1836,
they were referred to a select committee, of which
Mr. Pinckney, of South Carolina, was chairman.
That committee reported three resolutions: 1st,
That Congress possessed no constitutional power to
interfere with the institution of slavery in the States,
2d, That they ought not to abolish slavery within
the District; and, 3d, That all abolition petitions
should be laid upon the table without debate. These
resolutions were adopted by large majorities. Still
the abolitionists were not satisfied, and these peti-
tions continued to multiply and disturb the proceed-
ings of this House. Next came the Atherton reso-
lutions in the year 1838, which declared, in sub-
stance, that it was not competent for Congress to
interfere with the question of slavery in the States;
that any interference with the matter within the Dis-
trict of Columbia, with intent to abolish slavery
within the States, was against the spirit of
the Constitution, and in violation of the public
faith; and that all petitions touching the ques-
tion of slavery should be laid upon the table with-
out debate. These resolutions were adopted at a
period of great excitement; and as they admitted
the reception of the petitions, it was hoped the mat-
ter might end. Not so, when the House was driven
into the adoption of the 21st rule, which forbids
their reception. With these recorded facts before
their eyes, I ask gentlemen, in all candor, how it
is possible for them to suppose the mere reception
of these petitions will silence their clamors about
the right of petition. They might as soon expect
to extinguish the conflagration, by adding fuel to
the flames. I repeat, then, there is but one alterna-
tive—rejection without action, or reception and ac-
tion. There is no middle-ground that can satisfy
those who are resohed to press this matter, what-
ever its consequences. You would not listen to the
petition of him who calls upon you to fire the splen-
did edifice in which we now sit. Why, then, en-
courage these new incendiaries, who seek to destroy
the very temple, of liberty, and involve in its ruins
all that we hold dear on earth. [Here the morning
hour expired, and Mr. S. was forced to take his
seat.]
Mr. Speaker, allow me to devote the short time I
have left of my hour, in a reference to some other
matters in support of what I said on a former day,
that nothing short of action will satisfy these aboli-
tion petitioners. I beg, in the first place, to refer
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Ad\ms,,|
and those who think with him that Congress is
bound to receive these petitions, to the report of the
Committee on Rules, consisting of a majority of his
political friends, and the chairman his own col-
league, made at the first session of the last Con-
gress. He will there find that the eommittee rec-
ommend a modification of the rale, so far as to
provide that the question of reception shall be
considered as made on the presentation of any
abolition petition, and that question shall be laid on
the table without debate; thus yielding the ques-
tion of reception, and avoiding that of jurisdiction,
against which the South contends. I again call the
attention of my northern friends to what is trans-
piring on this floor, to satisfy them that nothing but
mischief can follow the repeal of this rule. You will
have a discussion of the whole matter on the ques-
tion of reception of each petition. How much bet-
ter, then, even so far as time is concered, that the
question should be met at once, by excluding such
petitions altogether. You have seen the character
of the petitions introduced on yesterday by the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Giddings] and New York
[Mr. Beardsley.] The constitution directs that all
fugitive slaves "shall be delivered up," whenever
they may escape from one State into another, on the
claim of their master. And Congress, by the act
passed as early as 1793, has provided the legal mode
of asserting this claim, and of recovering the fugi-
tive. The Supreme Court, by a recent decision, has
said this power of legislation belongs to Congress,
independent of the States; and yet these petitioners
call on Congress to revoke this injunction of the
constitution, and to protect the runaway slaves from
their masters. Such an application, one would have
supposed, could have found no countenance here.
I desire further to call the attention of gentlemen
to another proceeding in this House—to the res-
olution coming from the legislature of Massachu-
setts, which has been received and referred to a
select committee; which resolntion, the gentleman
[Mr. Adams,] informed us, came from a democra-
tic majority of that legislature. I beg to refer
the gentleman to a different paternity for the
origin of his resolution, as well as to a different
source for its revival. The House had not forgot-
ten the petition of George Latimer, backed by fifty-
odd thousand persons from the gentleman's own
State. Let me tell gentlemen, and my own col-
league, who this George Latimer was- a runaway
slave from the State of Vnginia—a slave who had
been pronounced as the property of his owner by
one of the judges of our own supreme court; and
still that law-abiding people were unwdling that this
man should recover his property, and had forced
him to dispose of it at a mere nommal price. And
yet my colleague is willing to throw open the door
of this House to receive the petitions of runaway ne-
groes. And are we to sit here, receive, hear, and
consider petitions coming from slaves, painting in all
the horrors of their imagination their former condi-
tion, and slandering and abusing the people of the
South? This may accord with what the gentleman
may consider as due to the South; but it does not
accord with my notions, or that of the people I rep-
resent. Let me, Mr. Speaker, trace this petition a
little farther. Not having received a favorable hear-
ing here, we next hear of it in the legislature of
Massachusetts. It there met a more favorable re-
ception, being referred to a select committee, the
chairman of which was the son of the gentleman,
[Mr. Adams;] and in his report we find the same
arguments we have often heard from the lips of his
father. Such had been the revival. Now, sir, for
the origin of this proposition. The House had not
forgotten some of the memorable occurrences of the
late war—that this same State of Massachusetts had
then called a convention, which afterwards sat at
Hartford, in Connecticut. Yes, sir; during the
darkest period of that war, the persons there assem-
bled, (as appears from Niles's Register, which I hold
in my hand,) hnd agreed on this very proposition
to amend the constitution, by uprooting and destroy-
ing the very basis upon which the constitution rests,
by depriving the southern portion of the Union of
that representation on which is founded the only
surety for their slave property. Yes, our labor is to
be taxed, in order that, its proceeds may be appro-
priated to our own destruction. Gentlemen deceive
themselves if they sufiposc a free people can or will
submit to such an act of self-destruction. But, Mr.
Speaker, you have not forgotten the reception of
those who came here to submit such a proposition as
this to a republican Congress. The country had
then been delivered from war; the bosom of every
lover of his country beat with gratitude for this de-
liverance; the war had just closed in a blaze of glory;
the star-spangled banner floated on the mountain
wave; and the American eagle flapped his wings in
triumph on the plains of New Orleans. It was at a
period like this that the emissaries arrived. Did
they come withm these walls and ask this House to
receive their message? No, sir; they skulked away
in darkness, fit objects for the slow unmoving finger
of scorn to be pointed at. And this was the proposi-
j| tion, conceived in disaffection and brought forth in
