n
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
Mr. REDING offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That three thousand copies extra of the esti-
mates of.appropriations be printed for the use of the mem-
bers of the House.
This resolution was also laid over.
Mr. BURKE offered a resolution—and on this he
moved the previous question—fixing Thursday
next to go into an election of postmaster for this
House.
On seconding the motion for the previous ques-
tion, no quorum voted—there being 53 in the affirm-
ative, ana 58 in the negative.
Mr. WELLER moved an adjournment.
Mr. REDING called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and resulted thus—yeas 67,
nays 89.
The motion therefore was negatived.
Mr. BURKE then modified his motion, fixing the
4th of January for the election, instead of Thursday
next; but on the question of seconding the motion
for the previous question, there was no quorum
Voting.
The House then adjourned.
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day, were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
By Mr. HOUSTON: A petition from sundry
citizens of Alabama, praying the establishment of a
mail-route from Somerville, Morgan County, via
Jasper, Walker county, to Tuscaloosa, Alabama:
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
By Mr. JOHN W. DAVIS: A petition of James
Erricson and 350 other citizens of Knox county, In-
diana, asking a donation of refuse lands, to improve
the Grand Rapids of the Wabash river: referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands.
By Mr. HARPER: The petition of Samuel
Drew, of Muskingum county, Ohio, praying for a
pension: referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
By Mr. PRATT: The petition of James Dixon,
for settlement of his account for extra work done
on Alexandria court-house: referred to the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia. Petition of John
P. Ingle and others, for Government to buy an ad-
dition to Congressional buryirig-ground: referred to
the Committee on the Public Buildings and
Grounds. The petition of William W. Seaton
and others for a public clock: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Buildings and Grounds.
By Mr. CHARLES M. READ: The petition
of George Selden and 200 other citizens of Erie,
Pennsylvania, praying an appropriation for the
harbor at Erie: referred to the Committee on Com-
merce. The petition of Joseph Brown, a pensioner,
asking for back pension: referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
By Mr. JENKS: The petition of Joseph R. Wil-
let, son and legal representative of General Augus-
tin Willet, for advances and supplies for die revo-
lutionary army: referred to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims.
By Mr. PARMENTER: The petition of Benja-
min Thompson and 70 others, of Charlestown,
Massachusetts, for the discontinuance of the spirit
ration in the navy. The petition of Moses Noyes
for seven years' half-pay on account of the services
of his father during the revolutionary war. The
petition of Maria Babbit for a pension, on account
of services of her husband in the naval service.
By Mr. ANDERSON: The petition and papers
in the case of Matthews, Wood, & Hall, for dam-
ages arising on a contract for supplying marble for
the New York custom-house: referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
By Mr. BOSSIER: A petition of William Cook,
praying Congress to pass a bill granting him titles
to a tract of land: referred to the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims. The petition of the citizens of
Natchitoches, Sabine, Caddo, De Soto, Bossier,
Ouachita, Avoyelles, Rapides, and Catahoula, pray-
ing Congress to pass a bill for remounting the 2d
regiment as a dragoon corps: referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. The petition of citizens
of Caddo, Louisiana, praying to change the route
from Natchitoches to Shreveport, via Loganport
to Orleans: referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
On motion of Mr. TIBBATTS, "A supplement
to t.ie petition of the practical steam engineers and
otivrs of the city of Cincinnati to the Congress of
tiie ymted btetes," was withdrawn from the files of
the House, and referred to the Committee on- Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr-. REDING asked leave to withdraw from
the files of the House the memorials and papers in
the cases of Mrs. 0. F. Ladd and Mr. Theodore
Gould, and that they be referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. STILES: The joint petition of the City
Council and Port Society of the city of Savannah,
in relation to a disposition of the military site of
Port Wayne, in said city: referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
By Mr. DAVID L. SEYMOUR: The petitions
of Mary Green and Gertrude Thomas, of the State
of New York, the widows of deceased revolution-
ary soldiers, praying severally for pensions by the
extension of the provisions of the act of Congress of
July 7, 1838, to the widows of such revolutionary
soldiers as were married after the 1st day of Janu-
ary, 1794.
By Mr. SLIDELL: The petition of P. Ducoing
for arrears of pension- for disability, caused by a
wound received in battle of 8th January, 1815: re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions. Peti-
tion of heirs of Carlos De Villemont, praying for
confirmation of title to a tract of land in Arkansas:
referred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Petition of J, Riley Knight for compensation for
losses by him sustained when keeper of the light-
house at the mouth of the Mississippi, by hurri-
canes: referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Petition of J. H. Caldwell and others to be released
from payment of certain duty bonds for iron im-
ported for the use of the New Orleans and Nashville
Railroad Company: referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
By Mr. BOWLIN: The petition of John A.
Dougherty and about 500 others, citizens of Mis-
souri, asking to have an appropriation for a survey,
and the making out and establishing the boundary
of the Oregon Territory, and extending the jurisdic-
tion of the United States over the same: referred to
the Committee on the Territories. Petition of Hen-
ry S. Geyer and 105 members of the St. Louis bar,
praying for an additional term of the circuit court of
the United States, to be held in October of each
year at St. Louis, Missouri: referred to the Judici-
ary Committee. The memorial of the Mayor and
Common Council of the city of St. Louis, asking
an appropriation for the improvement of the harbor
of St. Louis, and to protect it from ultimate de-
struction: referred to the Committee on Commerce.
A memorial of the Legislature of Missouri, asking
appropriations for the improvement of the Missis
sippi and its tributaries, by removing snags, saw-
yers, &c.: referred to the Committee on Roads and
Cancds, and ordered lo be printed.
By Mr. DODGE of Wisconsin: Petition of the
inhabitants of the town of Lisbon, county of Mil-
waukie, Territory of Wisconsin, asking Congress
for the establishment of a mail route from the town
of Milwaukic, via Lisbon, and Warren township,
to intersect the northern route at Summit, in
said county of Milwaukie. Petition of the inhab-
itants ofWauwauloosa, in the county ofMihvaukie,
Territory of Wisconsin, asking the establishment of
a mail route from the town of Milwaukie, and run-
ning a northwestwardly direction through the towns
of Brookfield, Lisbon, and Warren, intersecting the
northwestern mail route at Summit that runs through
Pipersvilie, Watertown, and to Fox Lake. Peti-
tion of the inhabitants of the town of Lisbon, county
of Milwaukie, Territory of Wisconsin, asking for
the establishment of a mail route from the town of
Milwuakie, running from thence a northwestwardly
direction through the towns of Wauwauloosa,
Brookfield, Lisbon, and Warren, intersecting a mail
route at Summit in said county, that was established
by Congress in 1842, and running from Summit, via
Pipersvilie and Watertown, to Wasliara, in Dodge
county. Petition of the inhabitants of the town of
Warren, in the county of Milwaukie, in the Terri-
tory of Wisconsin, asking the establishment of a
mail route, commencing at the town of Milwaukie,
and running through the towns of Wauwauloosa,
Brookfield, Lisbon, and Warren, to Summit, inter-
scecting a mail route at Summit that runs from Sum-
mit to Pipersvilie, Watertown, and to Washara, in
Dodge county. Petition for the establishment of a
mail route from Makaonago, in Milwaukie county,
Territory of Wisconsin, via Eagle Prairie, White-
water, and Port Atkinson, to Madison, the seat of
government in said Territory.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 27, 1843.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the War Department,
covering a report from the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, in answer to a resolution of the Senate of
the 2d of March last; relating to the first or old
Cherokee settlers west of Arkansas.
On motion by Mr. KING, it was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented a memorial from
citizens of Wisconsin, praying for a grant of land
for the improvement of the navigation of the Neenah
or Wisconsin rivers: referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. EVANS presented a petition from Nicholas
Thomas, praying to be allowed the pension which
was due to his father, Nicholas Thomas, a soldier
of the Revolution: referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
On motion by Mr. BATES, it was ordered that
the petition of Catharine Hay ward, praying for'a
pension, be taken from the files, and referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BREESE presented a memorial from D. B.
Holbrook, in behalf of the Great Western Rail-
road Company of Illinois, praying for a pre-emp-
tion right to some of the public lands: referred to
the Committee on Public Lands and the Committee
on Printing.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a memorial from the
President and Directors of the Tonawanda Railroad
Company of the State of New York, praying Con-
gress to extend for a limited period the law exempt-
ing from duty railroad iron actually laid down. Mr.
W. said this memorial was on a subjectof some inter-
est; and as it was very short, and discussed the
question in all its bearings, he moved that it be
printed, and referred to the Committee oil Finance.
The latter part of the motion was agreed to; and the
former referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. BREESE, on leave, introduced a bill author-
izing persons to whom reservations of lands have
been and shall be made under Indian treaties, to
al ienate the same in fee; which was read twice, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. WOODBURY, it was ordered
that the petition of Malachi Hogan, praying for in-
demnity for losses sustained in Florida, be taken
from the files, and referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. W. presented a petition from Jacob M. Folans-
bee, praying foi^^rears of pension; which was re-
ferred to the Coi^Jlttee on Pensions.
Mr. BAGBY gave notice that he would, on to- •
morrow, ask leave to introduce a bill for the relief of
George S. Gaines.
Mr. SEMPLE presented a petition from William
S. Brown, and Edward S. Brown and others, pray-
ing for a confirmation of certain land titles: referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. KING, it was ordered that the
memorial of the heirs of Samuel H. Thompson be
taken from the files of the Senate, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
The resolution introduced by Mr. Allen, on
yesterday, to amend the 40th rule of the Senate, so
as to have certain executive business transancted 111
open Senate, instead of with closed doors, came up
for consideration; but was, on the motion of Mr.
Tappan, passed over informally, the mover not
then being in his seat.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Walker on yeste«lay, came up for consideration,
viz:
Rtsohxd, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to cause to be communicated to the Senate at as
early a period as practicable, a statement ot the expendi-
tures of the Government, each year, from its organization
up to the present period, and where and for what purpose
these expenditures were made.
Mr. p.VA NS inquired of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Walker] if he could not get all the
information he desired by the resolution from the
public documents. He believed that a report show-
ing the expenditures of the Government to the end
of the year 1840 had been made; and he thought
the public documents, annually thereafter, would
show all he desired.
Mr. WALKER did not find in those reports the
information he desired. They did not specify where
and for what purposes the expenditures were made.
Mr. EVANS believed that, in the report of the
department, made in answer to a resolution of 1840,
