CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fd
the expenditures of the Government, from its organ-
ization to that time, were specifically published.
Mr. WALKER thought the expenditures were
set down under general heads, but not with that
specification which his resolution called for.
Mr. EVANS did not exactly know the necessity
for such specification. He believed it would be a
matter of very great difficulty. It would cause a
great deal of unnecessary labor and waste of time to
the department at a period m which that time was
most precious. It may impose a great expense on
the department. If all the Senator wanted was in-
formation as to where and for what purposes certain
expenditures were made, he could surely gain that
information without involving the department in
such an unnecessary expense. He (Mr. E.) did
not wish to throw any obstacles in the way, when
gentlemen offered resolutions of inquiry; but it real-
ly appeared to him that, in this instance, sufficient
information could be obtained at less expense.
Mr. CRITTENDEN observed that, with regard
to the words "where, and for what purpose," he
would be glad to have some further explanation
from the Senator from Mississippi. He (Mr. C.)
imagined the document called for by the resolution
would be very voluminous, indeed, for general use.
He would like to know from the gentleman what
his expectations aire in regard to it.
Mr. WALKER said, if this resolution was to be
resisted, he should be constrained to call for the
yeas and nays upon its adoption. This year, and
for many years, the grants of small portions of the
public domain, made to the new States for ample
equivalents, were paraded in each House of Con-
gress, and before the country, and efforts made to
produce the impression that the West had been too
much favored by the Government. Now, (Mr. W.
said,) he desired to know, and the answer to tins re-
solution would for the first time inform the people of
the Union, where and in what States the moneys of
the Union were expended. Mr. W. said he had
examined the placcs of these expenditures for a sin-
gle session; and if this was a criterion of the whole,
seven-eighths of the public expenditures had
been made, not in the West, but upon the seaboard
States; and he wished that all should know the fact,
that it might be shown that the new States of the
West, so far from being greatly favored, had been
more neglected than any other portion of this great
confederacy.
Mr. WOODBURY said, that perhaps he ought to
state a fact or two m connexion with this subject,
which other gentlemen might not at this moment
recollect. Soon after his connexion with the Treas-
ury Department, it struck him that^ tabular state-
ment of the receipts, as well as the expenditures, in
each State, annually, would be interesting, if not
useful. He therefore attempted it for one year, and
reported it to Congress, in connection with a docu-
ment which, in 1834-5, was published. He after-
wards extended it to one or two years more; but
was not certain that the last had been printed. There
was not much difficulty in giving the actual receipts
from customs and lands m each State, as the loca-
tion of the custom-houses and land offices was well
known. But the origin of the miscellaneous receipts
it was troublesome to affix; and it was impossible to
say how much of the money for lands and duties
came from the inhabitants of the States where it
was paid.
In respect to the expenditures, those m each
State for local objects—such as forts, light-houses,
internal improvements, pensions, navy yards, &c.—
would be easily apportioned; but others w ere complex
and uncertain, and often by no means went to the
benefit of the State or its inhabitants where they
happened to be paid out. It was practicable, how-
ever, to divide most of them with accuracy enough
for general purposes.
Mr. W. said he was not aware that any other
attempt to show the locality of both the receipts and
expenditures in the General Government had been
made than that just referred to, though a report to
Congress had in former years been presented, show-
ing the expenditures in each State for a length of
time under certain specific heads—such as foits,
roads, &c.
So the revenue collected m each State from cus-
toms, and from lands also, had, from time to time,
been given to the public and to Congress, tie was
satisfied, therefore, that though the expenses each
year, under general heads, in the whole union, were
published, down to 1840—as intimated by the Sen-
ator from Maine, [Mr. Eva.ns]—yet the particular
States or Territories where the expenses had been
made in each year had not been given for all of the
expenses, and for each year. Hence, as the reac-
tion could m that respect be answered—though with
considerable labor and some uncertainty-—he was
in favor of its passage, since a document of the
Kind would, for some purposes, be valuable and in-
teresting.
_ Mr. EVANS did not intend to oppose the resolu-
tion. He thought, however, thatat would be very
unnecessary information when obtained, and would
give very fallacious views of the expenditures of the
Government, on the very points the Senator aimed
at. Suppose a considerable quantity of hemp,
grown in Kentucky or Missouri, were brought to
the navy-yard at Charlesto wn, and there paid for: the
expenditure would appear to be made at Charlesto wn,
although the money and benefit went to the States
where the article was produced. So it was with
provisions and materials for the use of the Govern-
ment. Live oak, used in our ship building, was not
paid for at the place of its growth, but appeared on
the bills of expenditures at the places of its consump-
tion. It might appear as if these expenditures were
made in New York or Massachusetts, though quite
a different quarter reaped all the benefit. The pay-
ments are made at the places of delivery, and not at
the places of growth or manufacture. The expend-
itures_ for arsenals, fortifications; &c. would, in like
manner, if duly inquired into, be found not to be for
the sole benefit of the places of expenditure. This is the
case with regard to a great variety of the expenditures
which would be specified under this call. The in-
formation was not, therefore, to be relied upon when
obtained; and really he could not see what object
was to be attained by it, unless to give occasion for
disputations about sectional favoritism. And as the
Senator had alluded to the grants of public lands to
the new States being continually held up to them,
he (Mr. E.) would say that there was considerable
difference between such donations and the local ex-
penditures of the Government. An expenditure in
a State was not a grant to the State. Expenditures
and grants were very different things. He had
shown that expenditures might be for the benefit of
quite another State from that ill which they were
made. But, as he had said before, he did not mean
to oppose the resolution, if the Senator still thought
it necessary to press it. All that he should say was,
that the information will be derived at great trouble
and expense to the department; and when obtained,
would be of very little use, being indefinite and in-
conclusive on the points it is expected to establish.
The question was then taken on the resolution,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. ALLEN here submitted an inquiry concern-
ing his resolution to amend the rule regulating ex-
ecutive proceedings.
The CHAIR said it had been passed over infor-
mally.
Mr. ALLEN remarked that he merely desired, at
that time, to move that the 1 (solution be printed,
and laid on the table. He would call it up at a con-
venient season, and desire an expression of the Sen-
ate upon it. The motion to print was agreed to.
The following resolution, introduced by Mr. Por-
ter yesterday, was adoped:
Resolved. That the Secretary of War be requested to send
to the Senate any estimate which mav be in the possession
of the department, of th« co<.t of eonncctmg Lakes Huion
and Superior by means of a canal around the Kalis of St. .Ma-
ry's, adapted to navigation by steam vessels.
The following resolution, introduced by Mr.
Breese yesterday, was agreed to, viz:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be instruct-
ed to inform the Senate how many suits have been instituted
by the United States against citizens of Illinois and Wiscon-
sin since the 4th day ol March, 1641, for alleged trespasses
upon the public lands; the final decision in each case, the
amount ol recovery and damages, if any, against tlie defend-
ants. with the costs taxed against them severally, and the
kind of trespasses for which they were prosecuted; and, if
any such eases ha* e been determined against the United
States, the amount of costs in each case so determined, and
how many sucli suits are now pending in said court.
The CHAIR here remarked that there was no
further business on his desk. Whereupon,
On motion of Mr. BATES,
The Senate adjourned.
Legislature of Massachusetts, which were present*
ed a few days ago, on the subject, of an amendment
of the Constitution of the United States:
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 27, 1843.
The minutes of yesterday were read and ap-
proved.
SELECT COMMITTEES.
The following were announced as the select com-
mittee to whom were referred the resolutions of the
Adams, Rhett, J. R. Ingersoll, GiuvlERj G< Da-
vis, Burke, Sample, Morse, and Giddings.
The following were also announced as the select
committee of nine, to whom were referred the peti-
tions on the subject of a national foundry: Messrs.
Brodhead, Black of Ga., Barnard, Patois, Hu-
bard, Peyton Williams, Moore, and Clingman.
Mr. ALBERT SMITH, on his motion, was ex-
cused from serving on the Committee on Enrolled
Bills.
Mr. CARROLL asked permission to change a
vote which he gave'yesterday on Mr. Adams's ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair—his vote hav-
ing been given under a misapprehension of the ques-
tion before the House. He liad voted to .sustain
the Chair; but he desired to change his vote to the
negative.
Mr. HOPKINS inquired if the journal was in-
correct.
Mr. CARROLL said his vote had been correctly
recorded; but he was desirous to change his vote.
Mr. HOPKINS said, that to accede to the gen-
tleman's request, would be to establish a very dan-
gerous precedent.
Mr. CARROLL said, if there was any opposi-
tion to the request he had made, he should be satis-
fied with this opportunity to make an explanation.
He conceived it to be right in the House to rcceivo
and refer so much of a paper as was admissible un-
der the rule, though there might be other parts that
were inadmissible; and he desired that his vote-
should be recorded in favor of the right of petition
to this House on all subjects whatever.
The conversation then ceased.
PETITIONS.
The SPEAKER announced that petitions Were
next in order, and several were presented—
From Maine: by Mr. HAMLIN.
From Massachusetts: by Mr. ADAMS.
From Vermont: by Mr. COLLAMER.
From New Yoik: by Messrs. BEARDSLEY,
STETSON, CARROLL, and SEYMOUR.
From Pennsylvania: by Messrs. A. H. RE1AD ,
and C. M. READ.
From Georgia: by Mr. E. J. BLACK.
From Kentucky: by Messrs. THOMASSON and
FRENCH.
From Ohio: by Messrs. GIDDINGS, St. JOHN,
and HARPER.
From Indiana: by Mr. KENNEDY.
From Illinois: by Messrs. WENTWORTH and
FICKLIN.
From Alabama: by Mr. CHAPMAN.
Petitions were presented by Messrs. BOWEN
and BOWLIN of Missouri.
Mr. PAYNE inquired if it would be in order to
give a notice at this time, or whether there was any
rule prescribing the time when notices should be
given.
The SPEAKER said that the notice would not
now be in order; but it might he given when the
States were called for resolutions.
Mr. PAYNE said his only object was to save
time and expedite the business of the House.
The SPEAKER said the Chair did not feel at lib-
erty to authorize its reception now, as the same in-
dulgence would be demanded by other gentlemen.
Mr. CROSS of Arkansas presented certain peti-
lions.
Mr. GR1NNELL of Massachusetts presented a
petition. .
Mr. McKAY moved that the Committee of Ways
and Means be permitted to appoint a clerk; which
motion was adopted.
Memorials were presented by Mr. VANCE of
Ohio.
Mr. CLINTON moved that the Committee on
Public Expenditures have power to send tor per-
sons and papers.
Mr. ADAMS said it seemed to him that the reso-
lution was a very extraordinary one. He could
not understand why that committee should have the
power of sending for persons and papers; it was a
very extensive power that was asked for, and the
exercise of which would involve considerable ex-
pense. He desired to be informed by the gentle-
man from New York what special reason there was
why this power should be conferred upon the com-
mittee of which he was chairman; and whether the
committee had considered of the propriety of com-
pensating those persons who might be sent for ta
