Jan. 1843.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
89*
Oregon Territory—Mr. Wentworth.
H. of Reps.
Fort Bowyer, which commanded the city of Mobile,
and from which they might again have easy access
to the city of New Orleans. And when General
Jackson received the rumor of the treaty of peace,
it was communicated to General Lambert, and a
suspension of hostilities proposed, to await its con-
firmation; bnt he peremptorily rejected it, "until
he received the intelligence from an accredited person
from the British Government of the treaty having
been ratified and exchanged.'" And indeed it was
avowed by a British officer that they did not desire a
suspension of hostilities until the British arms
could regain their lost fame in another engagement,
and recover from the disasters of former engage-
ments by another battle. These intimations showed
the purpose of the enemy, and admonished the gen-
eral in command of the necessity of maintaining a
rigid discipline in his camp. But the rumors" of
peace spread through his camp, and greatly in-
creased his responsibility and embarrassment in ex-
excuting his official duty. Oil the reception of the
rumors of peace, the soldier thought he had dis-
charged the claims of the country on him. The
brave men who had faced.thc danger of battle on
the 23d of December and the 8th of January, and
put their
"fortune to the arbitrament
Of bloody strokes and morUl-stpring war.'"
now desired to be freed from the i igid discipline of
the camp, and enjoy once more the freedom they
had so nobly and gallantly defended. Some were
anxious to return to the world, and receive the con-
gratulations of their countrymen; others,weai ied with
the protracted duties of the camp, burned with im-
patience to be restored to the domestic joys of
their firesides and homes. And there were all those
turbulent and disaffected spirits who were opposed
to the American cause, (some of whom had been
made the unwilling instruments in the defence of
the country,) still arrayed against General Jackson,
with their hatred excited almost to fury, and still
employed in exciting and increasing discontent m
the camp. And, to increase the embarrassment of
this period,certificates of citizenship were in ven by the
French consul to all tl;e French population who ap-
plied for them. These certificates exempted them
from military service: and the persons holding them
remained in and about the camp, exciting mutiny
and disaffection to sucil an extent as to cause the
desertion of three commissioned officers, and one
hundred and forty-four noncommissioned officers
and privates, stationed at an important post. To
discourage further applications for these certificates;
to remove this source of disaffection, and to place
these persons at such a distance as that they could do
no mischief, on the 98th of February General Jackson
issued an order requiring all foreigners holding these
certificates to be removed one hundred and twenty
miles from New Orleans.
At this period, Louallier, who, as a member of
the legislature, had fallen under the suspicion of the
friends of the country, and who did not take Ins
place in the lines to defend it when the enemy was
invading it, again reappeared in the city, and made a
publication in the Louisiana Gazette, condemning
General Jackson, and his order of the 28ih of Feb-
luary, ill a mode calruli^ed to increase the discon-
tent m Ins camp, end e™ ite the foreign population
to mutiny. On (he 4th of March, Gi ,v ral Jackson
ordered Louallier to be am; led as a suspected spy
and mutineer.
General Jackson, in this moment of trial and ex-
citement, was facing the embarrassment that beset
the defence of the country, with all the self-pos-
session, bravery, and efficiency, that wisdom cm-id
suggest, or patriotism require, to maintain the dis-
cipline of his camp. it was then that Judge Hall,
who had virtually recommended martial law, and
who had retired from the city at the period of the
gieatest public danger, returned; and his first official
act v, a:-, to grant a writ of habeas corpus to bring
Louallier before him. General Jackson forbade the
offender being delivered up, and ordered Ju Ige Hall
to be arrested, for lasngaig his ci\il authority info
conflict with the orders of his camp.
Consider this stanement of historical facts; the
purpose and position of the enemy: their anxiety for
another engagement, and yet lingering within a
short distance of the city, flad General Jackson
remitted the rigid discipline in his camp, suffered
his forces to disperse, and revoked martial law, and
the enemy had embraced the inviting oppoitumty to
return, and had captured the city of IS 1:v: Orleans,
and secured the command of the Mississippi river—
would not this remissness have rendered ques-
tionable his fidelity to the country, and brought him
under the suspicion of the same persons who are
now denouncing him for his long-cbntinued adher-
ence to what he deemed his official duty? Unques-
tionably it would. And this is his justification—
complete vindication to every impartial American.
Immediately on the annunciation of the confirma-
tion of the treaty of peace, General Jackson revoked
martial law. Reared amid the struggles of the
revolution, and schooled in a devotion "to liberty,
power had no charm for him when it was to abridge
the rights of his brave countrymcn, and no longer
' required for the defence of the country. And the
gallant officer, who had so humbled his country's
foe, plucked the brightest honors from the legions of
his Britannic Majesty, and oil whose breath so re-
cently hung the" destiny of this great nation, we
next see him laying down his authority, and, when
summoned before the civil tribunal of this country,
calmly submitting to its authority, and fearlessly in vi-
tingitsimpartialand enlightenedjudgment on his offi-
cial conduct. Yes, sir, scarce had the news of peace
died on the ears of a delivered country; scarce had the
warrior who had closed the war "in a blaze of glory"
sheathed his sword, before Judge Hall issued a rule
against him to '-how cause why an attachment should
not issue against him, not for defending the country,
but for contempt of court—con tempt "in retaining'a
process of his court, disobeying its process, and im-
prisoning him (the judge.) The retention of the
process of the court has been severely commented
on, and it is right to place the vindication of this act
fully and fairly before the country.
It is known to many here, that the lamented Dr.
Linn was the first one who introduced a bill for the
remission of this fine of General Jackson. As a
srnator in the other end of the Capitol, lie long sus-
tained it in the face of great opposition and dis-
couragement; but fortunately he was a man that
could never be discouraged in the pursuit of a high
and noble object. Gifted with a persuasive elo-
quence, great pcrseveran"c, urbanity of manners
and a high chivalrous bearing, he succeeded in pass-
ing his bill through the Senate, in the face of a party
opposition which none but Dr. Linn could have
overcome. He was, then, the acknowledged author
and champion of this bill; as such he was known to
General Jackson. And I have had put into my
hand, by my friend from Missouri, [Dr. Relfe,] a
letter written to Doctor Linn by General Jackson,
which clearly justified him in the retention of this
process. In that letter he says:
"I observe you heve written to General Mouton
for the report of the committee of the senate of
Louisiana, &c. &c. Having one copy of that report,
I now enclose it to you, drawing your attention to the
affidavits of Morel, counsel of Louallier. Morel
swears the writ of habeas corpus was dated and is-
sued on the Sth; wrote me, at the instance of the
judge, that it was so issued and made returnable the
Oth instant. This proves (what I know to be true)
that Claiborne swore to that which he knew to be
false, and which the original record, winch is m the
hands of Mr. i<\ P. Blair, on inspection, will prove
the record is altered from the ,r>th to the 6th. The
corrupt intention of the alteration was this: Hail
had, bv issuing the writ on the 5th, interfered with
the police of'niy camp, aiding and abetting mutiny.
On this information, on the 5th I oidered his arrtM;
and he was arrested. The judge, intending to in-
dict and sue i.ie for false Imprisonment, sent for
Claiborne, his clerk, and altered the record from the
oth to the 6;h,to pnr, e (mi his intended prosecutions
against me) that 1 had arrested him on the 5th, be-
fore he had attempted to interfere judicially with the
police of my camp. The copy of the record would
not show the alteration m the original. Beincrthns
informed by Air. Duplessis, the then marshal, I
sent for the clerk, who brought the original writ
with him, and, on the inspection, found it was al-
tered from the Sth to the 6th, as Claiborne sa;d, by
(he judge. I retained the original to produce 111
court, and thru counteracted the base design Hi ;U-
tcj-.n^ the record, and of suing and ■ 1,0 cn ii i ; for
faJse imprisonment. I refer you to the ori^mal ,<
orj, which will be found in the hands of ilr. Elair
and which I hope will be laid before the Senate for
inspection. The alteration from the Sth to (he Gth
plainly appears 011 the record. The loss of some of
the originals will do no materia! injury, as Mr. Ken-
dall lias copies, sworn to be such by him. The
original altered record is safe in the hands of Mr.
Blair."
Morel, in his letter to (general Jackson, says the
process was returnable on the 6th of March. The
original process shows it was altered from the 5th to
the 6th. What object, then, could the judge have
had in making this alteration in the record? None,
but the one-assigned in the letter of General Jack-
son. He sought to get the advantage of Gen. JacK^
son, to entrap him, and then to prosecute and indict-
him for false imprisonment. And this is the nian
whose memory is to be covered with the'saneity" of
the tomb; whose judicial ermine is to be revered sis
inviolable. Yes, sir, we have been chided on this'
side of the House for calling him an Englishman,
and seriously told that it is no disparagement to him
to have been born an Englishman. This is true,
but it is not of that we complain; but it is that, holding
a judicial office under the government of the United
States, he prostituted his station in acting on the
sentiments and feelings of an Englishman; that, as
ah Englishman, and not as a United States judge,
he sought to entrap an American general, who had
driven back an English invasion.
I waive the inquiry of the right of the judge,
under the constitution and laws of the United States,
in the form and manner of the proceedings, to im-
pose the fine he did for contempt. I waive the in-
quiry, whether General Jackson did not purge him-
self of the offence with which he stood charged, in
the defence which the court refused to entertain;
and I say the necessity of martial law justified it, and
all acts done under it; and it was a vindictive judg-
ment to impose the fine of one thousand dollars oil
lum. The State, legislature passed an embargo, and
the executive sanctioned it. Congress alone had
this power. The legislature closed up all the
courts for four months, and the executive sanctioned
it. The State executive ordered a suspected person
to be exiled—banished from the State. This same
immaculate Judge Hall, who required the rigid ob-
servance of the civil authority by General Jackson,
ordered the prisons to be opened, and the criminals
of every order and complexion to go forth. And
why were these acts warranted and authorised?
"Where did the legislature, the executive, and Judge
Hall, find the authority that warranted a resort.to
such power? In the public danger, it was necessary
for the security and defence of the city and country:
the same necessity that required the commanding gen-
era] to declare martial law-—lo.suspendthe civilfunc-
tions that might be brought in conflict with the suc-
cessful defence of the country. And can it be that
these acts of the legislature, the executive, and the
judge, are all to stand justified; and General Jackson,
who stood out like a great spirit, and employed the
only means that could command success, is to be
condemned and fined one thousand dollars, and this
House now to affirm the judgment? No; I hope
not.
A word, sir, on the amendment, and I have done.
Genera! Jackson refused to receive this money as a
donation from the ladies of Orleans, whom he had
defended from an infuriated soldiery: would he, then,
accept it as a donation from this Congress? No; it
looks as if the government would filch from him
his money, and then dishonor him 111 making resti-
tution of it. The defence of Orleans is one of the
frontispiece illustrations in our national gallery.
Jackson stands out on it as the proud deliverer of the
country, and no friend would shade it with a men-
dicant receiving alms from this Congress.
SPEECH OF MR. WENTWORTH,
or Illinois.
tn tin Hove <f Rfprerevlahv?.*, Junbary 24, 3844—■
O11 the Oregon Territory.
Mr. WENTWORTH addressed the House as
follow^:
Mb. Chairman: I was writing at my desk, 011
urgent business of my constituents, when my hoii-
oiable friend from Kentucky [Mr. Thomassox]
arose; and nothing was further from my intentions
than addressing the House to-day. i was much
pleased—highly delighted—with the pa'riotic senti-
ments ofiny friend from Indiana, [Mr. OtvEx;]and
I supposed that the gentleman fio.a Kentucky arose
for no other purpose than also to susiaui the cause
of justice and humanity—to vindicate the settlers'
rig Jits against Indian cruelties and British encroach-
menfs. But I must confess that I never was more-
surprised in my whole life than at the whole tenor of
his remarks, so entirely repugnant are they to the oft-
repeated and well-known sentiments and feelings of
the whole western people, and to the honor and dig-
nity of our nation, And what may well add sur-
prise to surprise, is the fact that he has said all h^
