CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■hi
limiting of the number of quills which the mem-
bers ofthat House should use; and also the wafers,
and bits of sealing-wax. By the Constitution, die
Executive was responsible for the administrative de-
partments; and be (Mr. Adams) made no reproach
Lainst President Tyler for not reducing the expen-
STof his administration, for it was for the House
to draw the purse strings together when making the
appropriations. He did not charge an v administration
wth extravagance; he had never charged Mr Van
"Bnren's administration with, extravagance; it was
for Cotoess to cut short the appropriations, as was
done last Congress; and he believed reductions could
be carried even further than they were carried by the
Congress which preceded the present.
■ He alluded, in the course of his subsequent re-
marks, to the reduction of $100,000, made on the
motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
c J. Ingeksoi-l,] in the appropriations for the
circuit and district courts, &c., and the introduction
of that item afterwards into an Indian treaty bill,
passed at the close of a session of the last Congress;
and concluded with an expression of his desire that
the resolution of the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire should be adopted.
Mr. HALE next desired to address the House;
but as the day was far advanced, there was a dis-
position manifested to adjourn; he, therefore, sub-
mitted a motion to that effect.
And the House adjourned.
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day, were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The petition of sun-
4ry citizens of Boone county, Illinois, and the Jer-
ritory of "Wisconsin, praying for a mail-route ffom
Belvidere, Illinois, to Darien, Missouri: referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Koaus.
The petition of sundry citizens of Chicago, Illinois,
for the extension of the United States maritime law
over the upper lakes, from Ontario to Michigan, in-
clusive: referred to the Committee on the Judiciaiy*
By Mr. FICKLIN: The petition ofWm. Arbuth-
not, and three hundred and twenty-two others, pray-
in0* a grant of unsold lands in the Shawneetown,
Palestine, and Vincennes land districts, for the im-
provement of the navigation of the great Wabash
river from the termination of the Wabash and Erie
Canal, at Terre Haute, to the junction of the
Wabash with the Ohio river. Also, the resolutions
of a convention at Carmi, in the State of Illinois,
asking a donation of lands for the same object.
By Mr. ALMON H. READ: M petition, sign-
ed by sundry citizens of Montrose, Pa., praying for
a reduction of postage on letters; and, also, a modifi-
cation of the post office laws relative to newspapers,
periodicals, and magazines: referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. CHARLES M. READ: The petition of
P. L. Parsons & Co., and one hundred and sixty
citizens of the city of Buffalo, New York, praying
an appropriation for continuing the work on the
harbor at Michigan city, on Lake Michigan: referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. FARLEE: The petition of a number of
persons of the county of Hunterdon, for a post road
from Flemington to Milford, in said county.
By Mr. HARPER: The petition of Adam Peters,
and eighty-nine other citizens of Muskingum coun-
ty, Ohio. The petition of George W. Manypenny,
and thirty-four other citizens of the same county.
The petition of two hundred and twenty citizens of
the same county and State, praying for the erection
of a bridge across the Ohio river at Wheeling: re-
ferred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
By Mr. BOWLIN: The petition of Geo. Lynch,
for back pension: referred to the Committee on in-
valid Pensions. Also, the petition of John Bough,
for a pension as a revolutionary soldier: referred to
the Committee on Revolutionaiy Pensions.
Mr. B. moved that George W. Dents have leave
to withdraw his petition for compensation for prop-
erty lost in the burning of the sub-treasury building
at St. Louis, Mo.; and that the same be referred to
the Committee of Claims.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 28, 1843.
The PRESIDENT pro tern, laid before the Senate
a communication from the Treasury ®?P J™ i
covering the annual report of the Commissioner of
lirarriWTOu. v>
he on the table. Mr. H. then made a motion to
print; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. MOREHEAD presented to the Senate a me-
morial and resolutions of the Legislature of Ken-
tucky, respecting the services of Chistopher Miller,
who acted as an Indian spy in Wayne's campaign;
and urging upon Congress the passage of a law giv-
ing some relief to his heirs as a consideration for
said services: referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
Also presented a memorial from James Mcintosh,
a commander in the United States navy, praying
some remuneration for services performed while act-
ing in a grade higher than that he then held in the
navy: referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also presented a memorial from Elizabeth B.
Scott, the widow of Alexander Scott, praying for the
reimbursement of certain moneys expended by her
husband whilst acting as diplomatic agent at the
Republic of Venezuela: referred to the Committee
on Claims. .
Mr. KING presented joint resolutions adopted by
the Legislature of Alabama, setting^ forth the great
inconvenience to the people of the Xjnited States by
the present rates of postage, and urging the modifi-
cation of the post office law, so as to conform those
rates to the Federal coin.
On, motion by Mr. K. it was ordered that the
above memorial, and all the papers on the files of
the Senate relating to this subject, be taken there-
from, and referred to the Post Office Committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tan. laid before the Sen-
ate a message from the President of the United
States, transmitting a communication from the War
Department, containing all the information and cor-
respondence in that department on the subject of
the mountain howitzer taken by Lieutenant £ re-
mont upon the expedition to the OrPgon: ordered to
lie on the table, and the motion to print to be refer-
red to the Committee on Printing.
On motion by Mr. RIVES, it was ordered that
the petition and papers of the heirs and representa-
tives of Philip S. Barbour, who held a military ^
commission under the colonial government of Vir-
ginia, praying Congress to pass a law confirming
certain lands granted him, be taken from the files,
and referred to the Committee on Private Land
C1On motion by Mr. BENTON, it was ordered that
the petition and papers relating to the claim of Gen.
Eaton be ttdcen from the files of the Senate, and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr FAIRFIED, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported favorably to printing certain docu-
ments; which was concurred m by the Senate.
THE OREGON.
Mr ATCHISON, on leave, introduced a bill es-
tablishing a government in the Territory of Oregon;
vvhich ^s read twiee, and referred to the Select
Committee on Oregon. _
Mr BAGBY, on leave, introduced a bill loi me
relief of Geo. S. Gaines; which was read twice, ana
referred, with all the documents upon the subject,
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. ALLEN submitted the following resolution,
which, under the rule, lies one day on the table,
' vtz:
Resolved That the President be requested to lay before
the Senate, if m his judgment that may be done u
nreiudice to the public interests, a copy of fmy instruction*
which may have been given by the Executive to the Arner-
ican Minister in England o" the subject of the title o, n
ooMTOtion of. Orion, since the 4th day nf March, 1B41
also a eonv of any correspondence which mas liaie passeJ
between tfus Government and that of Great Britain in rela-
tion to that subject, since that time.
The CHAIR said there was no further business
on his table. Thereupon,
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the Senate proceed-
ed to the consideration of executive business; and,
after some time spent thereon,
Adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 28, 1843.
The journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. PAYNE gave notice of a motion for leave to
introduce a bill to repeal the law distributing the-
proceeds of the public lands among the: Steles-
Mr. WELLER gave notice of a motion for leave
to introduce a bill to amend and .walfflpe   to*
the act to incorporate the inhabitants of the y
^Mrl'sTEENROD gave notice of a motion for
leave to .introduce a bill making an appropriation for
the Cumberland road in the States of Missouri, In-
diana, Illinois, and Virginia.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York, gave notice of-a
motion for leave to introduce a bill extending1 the
provisions of the act of Congress of July 7, 1883,
entitled "An act for granting half-pay and pensions
to certain widows," so as to include the widows Of
such officers and soldiers of the Revolution as were
married after the 1st day of January, 1794; and also
to extend, for a further period, the pensions already
granted by said act.
Mr. E. J. MORRIS gave notice of a motion for
leave to introduce a bill to provide for the _ construc-
tion of a dry-dock at the navy-yard at Philadelphia.
Mr. SAMPLE gave notice;of a motion for leave
to introduce a bill for the relief of Geo. W. Allen,
of Laporte county, Indiana.
Mr. JENKS asked leave to withdraw from the
files the petition and papers of Adam Sterret, an old
soldier, asking some remuneration for the loss of
his military land, sold for taxes, whilst he was in
the service of the United States service: referred to
the Committee on Private Land Cleums.
On motion of PRESTON KING, the petition and
papers of Daniel Church were taken from the files
of the House and referred to the Committee on In-
valid Pensions.
Mr. SLIDELL gave notice of his intention to ask
eave to introduce the following bills:
A bill to provide for the adjustment of land claims
in Louisiana, Alabama, Mississippi, Arkansas, and
Missouri, and in the Territory of Iowa; .
A bill to confirm the entry of public lands m cer-
tain cases; and .
A bill to exempt from duty cotton imported into
the United States from Texas.
Mr. LEVY rose and said, that, towards the close of
the last Congress, he received certain charges against
a United States judge of Florida, (Judge Douglass,
of the middle district,) emanating from Col. William
Wyait, a citizcn of that Territory, with a request that
he would present them to the House, and ask an
impeachment of that officer. He had not presented
the charges at the last session, because from the late-
ness of the period at which they reached him, it would
have been impossible to expect any action by the
House; and thus injustice might have resulted to the
accused, by the pending of charges for so long a period
without opportunity of answer or refutation. It is my
duty now,however, to present them, and to ask for the
complainant a due investigation of his complaints.
The charges are, upon their face, of a grave nature.
It did not become him to express his opinion respect-
ing them; but he would ask that a full examination:
be ordered, with a view of enabling both parties to
present for themselves such facts as they may deem
appropriate. Mr. L. said he had consulted the pre-
cedents in such cases; and as he found that the usual
course was to refer such matters, in the first instance,
to the Committee of the Judiciary, he would, with
the leave of the House, make a motion that the pa-
pers he referred to that committee. Shomd it here-
after appear that a special committee would be ne-
cessary, the Judiciary Committee would .so report,
and the House would no doubt allow it.
Mr. L. said it might be proper for him to add, that
the original papers were destroyed, with others of
his papers, in the conflagration of Tallahassee last
spring but that the papers presented were precise
copies. He would also state that the judge: had
been notified by him of his intention ^ P^nUhose
charges, and requested to prepare foi his defence.
The SPEAKER said that it could only be enter-
tained at this time by general consent, as the order
of busitss was the call of the States for petitions
No objection being made, the papers weie leferied
to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr CAVE JOHNSON desired to give a no-
tice but it was objected to; and the call for petitions
wtrTtsented by Mr. BELSER.
Mr. McCONNELL presented joint resolutions
of the Legislature of Alabama, upon the subject of
P°MrSCCAVE JOHNSON inquired if these reso-
lutions could now be received.
Mr GRINNELL desired to know what objec-
tion the gentleman had to their reception; and _
Mr. <?AVE JOHNSON was about to explain,
when he was called to order by
Mr. McCONNELL, who remarked that the gen-
tleman from Tennessee was altogether too solicitous
upon points of order.
