CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Department was the one most proper to begin with.
It struck him that, as the expenditures of this
department had swelled up in a very short time
from three millions annually to nearly nine, it was
time that an inquiry should be made into the causes
of this increase of expenditure, with a view of ap-
plying the proper remedy. On looking to the pub-
lic documents, it would be seen that the expendi-
tures for the navy during the last year of Mr. Van
Buren's administration—that very period about the
extravagance of which so much had been said—
amounted to somewhere about five millions; and
taking the two last years of that administration to-
gether, they amounted to about nine millions—the
sum now asked for for one year. It seemed to him,
therefore, that this department required looking into,
and particularly that the inquiries made by the reso-
lution, in relation to the home squadron—this thing
of but yesterday, which in one year had increased
to sixteen vessels—should be answered. One word
in regard to the resolution itself. He made the in-
quiry in it, in regard to the time when this home
squadron was established, not because he wanted
the information for members of Congress, but be-
cause he wanted to get the information in this form
before the people. He wanted them to know when
it was established; how long it had been in opera-
tion, and at what cost to the public treasury; and the
services it had rendered. He wished the people to
judge for themselves whether it was proper to carry
retrenchment and reform into this branch of the
public service. But these natural and proper in-
quiries had been met by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. C. J. Ingersoll.] And how? The
gentleman admitted that the expenditures for the
navy were too high, and ought to be reduced. He
admitted that the greatest abuses existed in it, but
he did not want this department touched. He
wanted the attention of the House first to be
turned to the expenditures of Congress. Mr. H.
was glad that the gentleman had pointed to the ex-
travagances of the legislative branch of the Govern-
ment, and hoped that his experience would enable
them to search them out, and apply the proper
remedy; but he could not agree with him in resist-
ing reform in all the other departments till the
abuses in this were corrected. He listened yester-
day to the remarks of the gentleman with much at-
tention, and with the hope of hearing some practi-
cal plan of economy pointed out; but he listened in
vain, for all the gentleman's eloquence evapo-
rated in the useless profession that he would, at
some early day, oner a resolution for an early
adjournment of tne two Houses of Congress.
lie confessed he wv.s sick at heart, and almost de-
spaired of being able to accomplish any useful
measures of reform, after finding that all the gentle-
man's professions of economy evaporated in a
promise to move for an early adjournment. Why,
if this was all that was to he done, they had better
go home at once. He would say to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, and to all others, that they
could move, for no day of adjournment so early
that he would not. vote for, consistently, with passing
the necessary appropriation bills; but he came here
to retrench the expenditures of the Government
within its means; and if that was not done, the
blame should not be laid at his door. He could
not but be struck at the manner in which the. gen-
tleman brought out the two millions of expendi-
tures for the last Congress. It seemed to him that,
this fact was presented as an offset to the nine mil-
lions of expenditures for the navy. But why?
If there were abuses in the expenditures of the
two Houses of Congress, let them be ferreted out
and corrected; but the House should not be driven
from its purpose of reforming any branch of the
Government, on the plea that ils own expenditures
ought to be reduced. He believed that the greatest
abuses existed in every department of the Govern-
ment, and that the extravagances of all required
correction. Look at the army of 8,000 men only,
kept up at an expense to the nation of $1,000 for
each man. Was not this crying abuse that ought
to corrected? Why if the proposition had succeeded
to increase the army to 20,000 men, the expenditure
at this rate would have been twenty millions annu-
ally. If any gentleman knew of the existence of
abuses, let him bring them to the notice of the
House, and he would vote not only for the proper
.inquiry into them, but to apply the remedy.
In regard to this home squadron, he begged leave
to disclaim any of the suspicions entertained by
the gentleman from Massachusetts. In offering his
.resolution, he had no reference to Cuba, or anything
else suggested by the ggatleman. He wanted the
" House and the country to look at it as the Secre-
tary of the Navy presented it to their view. As to
the pretence that it was intended for the protection
of the coasting trade, it was a most idle one. He
wished the gentlemen from Maine (the State most
largely interested in that trade) to say whether they
needed any such protection. He would answer for
them, and say that they did not. He himself lived
among those who were extensively engaged in the
coasting trade, and the most of his property was
invested in it. He could, therefore, speak with
some knowledge on the subject; and he hesitated not
to say, that the idea of keeping up this squadron
for its protection was a most preposterous and idle
one.
In reply to the gentleman" from Pennsylvania, he
would disclaim any desire of cutting down or de-
stroying the navy; on the contrary, he was most
friendly to it, and he therefore wished to reform its
abuses. Sir, said he, the navy has been the pet
child of the nation, and, like all other pet children,
has run away with the whole patrimonial estate.
The expenditures of this department were annually
increasing in geometrical progression; and to meet
them, the country is called upon to borrow money.
This was a system of policy that met his decided
disapprobation. It was a dishonest policy; and the
House would be branded with hypocrisy if it at-
tempted to pursue it. Here they were going on to
tax the people to the utmost point of human en-
durance, instead of inquiring where the expendi-
tures of the Government can be reduced. They
were taxing a hard working people, the average of
whose daily compensation did not amount to one
dollar a day, while waste and extravagance existed
in every department of the Government.
What benefit, what advantage had the people de-
rived from this lavish expenditure' Were the con-
stituency of this House persuaded of the propriety
and the justice of taxing every thing which they
have occasion to use, while, at the same time, this
Government was squandering large sums uselessly?
There was a large party in that House who were
calling for a reduction of the tariff; there was a large
party in favor of giving awaythe public lands, while,
at the same time, they were increasing the expenses
of the Government at the rate of fifty per cent, per
annum. How could such a course be justified by
that House to the country? If it were found that the
best interest of the country required the maintenance
of the homesouadron, then he would go for it; but if
it were foui#to be utterly useless, as he believed,
then he was decidedly against it. But he would
give this further notice; that he did not mean to stop
here; that when the appropriations should come up,
he intended to propose to limit those appropriations
to a sum sufficient only to support the squadron sta-
tioned in the Mediterranean. It was entirely useless
for this country to endeavor to contend with mon-
archies in keeping up the pageantry of a naval estab-
lishment.
He desired to correct an error which he had made
yesterday in the statement of the expense of the
naval establishment of Great Britain. He spoke
from recollection merely, when he said that it
amounted to eighty or one hundred millions of dol-
lars annually. Thai was, in fact, their expenditure
during the years 1813-14; nay, they even exceeded
that sum. Since that time, the expenditure for the
naval establishment of Great Britain had been grad-
ually reduced, and now did not exceed thirty or forty
millions.
But unless the Representatives of the people in
that House were willing to see the people of
this country taxed and ground to death, as the peo-
ple of Great Britian are; unless they were willing to
see nine-tenths of the wages of their industry drained
from them to support a pampered aristocracy;—un-
less they were willing to see this, he said,they must
give up contending for gorgeous displays. Hie
idea that with our economical notions, they were
going to cope with Great Britain, and keep up an
idle display of fleets in foreign seas, was the most
preposterous thing that was ever proposed. He
agreed with those gentlemen who were in favor of
a reduction of the tariff—with those who were in fa-
vor of the ascendency of the Democratic principle,
which looks to the greatest good of the greatest
number; and he asked them to consider whether the
hand of economy might not be applied with very
great advantage to the subject to which he had di-
rected their attention.
It was with no feeling of hostility to the navy
that he made this proposition. Some of his most
valued friends held commissions in the navy; but
believing it to be the duty of that House to restrain
all lavish expenditures, he had called their.atlention ,
to this point, and he did not mean to be diverted
from his purpose. He had not introduced the sub-
ject for any idle purpose, nor for the sake of having
a hobby upon which to ride to popular favor; but
he had done sor from a sense of the obligations
which rested upon him, as of the Representatives of
the people upon the floor-of that House.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOJLL (who, from his position
in the hall, was but imperfectly heard in that pa^rt of
the House where the reporter sat, .and, consequent-
ly, an outline only of his remarks can here be
given) next addressed the House. He had no fault
to find with the resolution of the gentleman from
New Hampshire, as every inquiry of this kind con-
tributed to the information of members, ahd of the
country at large. But if the resolution were intend-
ed as a preliminary step to cutting down, reducing,
or diminishing the necessary expenditures "of the
naval establishment of this country, he, for ofle,
notwithstanding the ruthless rage which had mani-
fested itself among all parties of late in favor of re-
trenchment, would stand up against it. He was op-
posed to that sort of retrenchment which strikes at
the existence of so important a branch of the na-
tional service. The country required a navy, and it
must have one. In relation to the home squadron,
the inquiry made by the gentleman was unobjec-
tionable in itself. In fact, it was highly necessary,
in the way of information. The gentleman bad,
however, misconstrued the report of the Secretary
of the Navy; which report, he must be permitted tp
say, had been drawn up with great ability and can-
dor. It was nowhere stated in that report that the
use of the home squadron was confined to the de-
fence of the coasting trade of the country. On
the contrary, it was designed, when occasion
required, to course over the world of waters—
to pass beyond the Pillars of Hercules, which
bounded the view of the ancient mariner, and
to carry the protection of our fleets to the most dis-
tant quarters of the globe. Its operations begin at
the banks of Newfoundland, extending thence to
the Gulf of Mexico, sweeping the coast of that im-
mense inland sea, proceeding onwards to the Car-
ribean ocean, and protecting our commerce through-
out the West Indies. It was not confined to the
home trade.
When his honorable friend from Massachusetts
[Mr. Adams.] raised his voice against an object
upon winch he, as a citizen—and he might say
as a patriot—felt a peculiar interest, he con-
fessed his heart sunk within him, for he dread-
ed the influence which the gentleman had it in
his power to exercise, from Ins just appreciation of
every subject, from his experience and his judg-
ment. He remembered well when, during the last
Congress, the subject of retrenchment in the army
and navy was brought forward, and which succeed-
ed but too well, when there seemed to be doubts
hovering over the minds of gentlemen on that floor;
and when that gentleman rose and expressed bis
sentiments, with a weight and a force of manner and
of language which he knew (he had almost said
better than anybody else) how to exercise, he car-
ried everybody witn him. He, (Mr. Jkgersom.,)
however, had then resisted, and it would yet be de-
monstrated that he was right.
What was it that could induce that House to en-
deavor to carry out this course of retrenchment in
regard to that branch of the public service which
had tended so greatly to build up and to increase the
prosperity of this country? In 1816, a law was
passed to increase the navy; and in 1822, another
law was passed, by which half'a million was appro-
priated annually, for six years, for the increase of
the navy. Why did they increase the navy? Was
it that they might again cut it down? The pros-
perity of the country, at this moment, was mainly
owing to the instrumentality of the navy; and, un-
less that navy was kept in a proper condition—un-
less the seamen were properly encouraged, and the
officers properly qualified for the discbarge of their
duties, which could only be done by a liberal ex-
penditure—this Government would not be doing
justice to itself. In fact, they would soon be in a
state of retrogression. He asked the gentleman,
the mover of the resolution, to point out what there
was in the report of the Secretary of the Navy
which was liable to objection, or which could be
made the subject of complaint. What was itf Was
it that part which recommended for the officers of
the navy a course of honorable and useful employ-
