94
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOkE.
Jan: 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Improvement of the Western waters—Mr. Weller.
H. of Reps.
Here is another statement without foundation in
truth. There are not two-thirds, nor a majority of
committee, who deny the constitutionality of these
western improvements.
[Mr. Stewart "said, that what he had said was,
that two-thirds of that committee were friends of
Van Buren, who did deny the power."]
Mr. Weller. This was no less untrue, as he
would show directly. Mr. Van Buren never denied
the power of the general government to improve the
navigation of the Mississippi and its tributaries, or
of the Cumberland road, or its right to construct
harbors on the lakes. The member from Pennsyl-
vania was not a member o| that committee. He
(Mr. W.) was, and therefore he gave him the same
advice he did at the outset—when you know noth-
ing, say nothing. A majority of that committee do
deny the power of the general government to carry
on an extended system of local improvements in
the States, and so do the party generally. We stand
upon the principles laid down by President Jack-
son in his message vetoing the Maysville road bill,
on the 27th May, 1830.
In speaking of the Cumberland road, he says:
"Not less than twenty-three different laws have
been passed through all the forms of the constitu-
tion, appropriating upwards of two millions and a
half of dollars out of the national treasury, in sup-
port of that improvement, with tlie approbation of
every President of the United States, including my
predecessor, since its commencement."
The C umberland road has been regarded by all
our Presidents, from its commencement under the
administration of Mr. Jefferson, as a great national
work over which the general government had pow-
er. Not one chief magistrate has ever denied its
constitutionality.
Again President Jackson says:
"The bill before me does not call for a more defi-
nite opinion upon the particular circumstances
which will wan-ant appropriations of money by
Congress to aid works of internal improvement; for,
although the extension of the power to apply money
beyond that of carrying into effect the object for
which it is appropn.ued, has, as we have long
seen, been claimed and exeieiscil by the federal gov-
ernment, yet such grants have always been pro-
fessedly under the control of the general principle
that the works which might be thus aided, should
be ot'o. general, not local—national, not Stale, character.
A disregard of tins distiction would, of necessity,
lead to the subversion of the fedeial system."
lie then proceeds to say, that "he cannot regard
this bill (the Maysville road bill) in any other light
than as a measiue of purely local character; or if it
can be consideied national, that no further distinc-
tion between the appropriate duties of the general
and State governments need lie attempted; for their
ran be no local interest that may not, with equal
propriety, lie denominated national.''''
ft will be obvious to all, that the improvements
aboul wlneh we are now contending were never un-
deistood lo come in conflict with the principles laid
down m thai message, and subsequently recognised
by Mr Van Buren. The distinction between gene-
ral ami local wm lis is so clearly I.lid down, that it
is unnecessary for me to dwell on this point. That
General Jackson did not regard (he improvement of
the Mississippi and its tributaries, (over which we
allege the State governments have no control what-
ever,) or the Cumberland road, or harbors on the
Inki s, uneoustitutiomd,is evidenced by the fact that he
jiequently signed bills making appropriations to
these pin poses, both before and after that veto. Could
1 irive any better evidence that the Cumberland road
did not belong to that class of works, declared in his
veto message unconstitutional, than the fact that the
law before me shows that, on the 3d ofMarch, 1837,
(the day before he went out of office,) he signed and
approved a bill appropriating $390,000 to the con-
tinuation of that road in Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois?
As to Mr. Van Buren, 1 icfcr to the fact that, on
I he doth of May, 1838, as appears from the book
before me, he signed and appioved a bill appropri-
ating §450,(100 to the, continuation of the road.
That lie also signed bills making appropriations to
these western rivers, and to harbors on the lakes. I
also refer to a correspondence between Mr. Van Bu-
ren and the gentleman now before me [Mr. Davis] m
I840,on tins subject. In that correspondence he
will find the evidence to disprove the charge of hos-
tility to that great national work. And yet, sir, in
the face of all these facts, the member from Pennsy 1-
"ania ha-3 the hardihood to stand up here, before the
representatives of the people, and declare that Mr.
Van Buren would veto a bill for the continuation of
that road, or the improvement of the western rivers.
I venture the assertion that no other member on this
floor is so lost to shame, as to hazard such a declara-
tion—a declaration which I defy him to sustain by
proof.
Let it be remembered that the question between
the member and myself, is not whether Mr. Van
Buren is in favor of internal improvements of a lo-
cal character within a State, but whether or not he
is opposed to the Cumberland road and the western
rivers. The member from Pennsylvania has as-
serted that he was. I have denied it; and this is the
true issue on this point.
Here then, sir, m the discharge of the duty which
I have undertaken, I am compelled to fasten mark
No. 2 on his forehead.
The next allegation of the member, to which 1
ask attention, is as follows:
"In 1841, (said Mr. S.,) we made a revenue tariff;
the last Congress made a tariff giving prosperity
from one end of the country to the other, and which
had increased the revenue more than four millions
of dollars."
Where is the evidence of this general prosperity?
Does he find it in the stagnation of business? the
low prices of the products of the soil? or the dimin-
ished wages of the laborer? Go ask the toiling and
industrious farmer in the rich and produ ctive valleys
of the mighty West, whether this general prosperity
which "extends from one end of the country to the
other," has reached him; and with a stern frown on
his brow, he will tell you, No! Go ask the laborers
generally of the country whether they have felt this
"prosperity," and you will receive the same answer.
Has the member from Pennsylvania shut his ears to
the cries of distress which now and then come up
from the agricultural portion of the community,
whose industry has been so heavily taxed to en-
hance the profits of the manufacturer? Does he find
evidence of "prosperity" in the exports or imports
of the' country, under the operation of that tariff'
Are we able to send to foreign countries a larger
quantity of our agricultural products? And if our
trade has diminished, how are we "prosperous?"
What are the facts? The report of the Secretary of
the Treasury, now in my hand, shows that our ex-
ports, in 1841, amounted to §121,000,000; in 1842, it
was $>104,000,000, being a falling off of seventeen
millions, under the operation of this beneficent tariff!
The imports, in 1811, amounted to §127,000,000; in
1842, $100,000,000, being a falling off of $27,000,000!
The imports, this year, will fall a little short of
#90,000,000.
If it is alledged that the protective system has given
prosperity to the country, how, I ask, does it come
that, when you' had this system in existence, and
your national bank in full operation, the prices of the
products of the soil were at the lowest? By a table
taken from Niles's Register, I find that, in Philadel-
phia, from 1828 to 1837, whilst your tariff was
highest, the average price of flour was §4 60 per
barrel, whilst the average price, from 1837 to 1840
inclusive, was $5 70; the average, price of wheat
for the nine years of high duties 92 cents per bushel,
and for the four years of low duties $1 18 per
bushel; the average price of corn for nine years of
protective tariff 54 cents per bushel, and for four
years of low taiiff 82 cents per bushel. I also find,
by another table, that in the eastern part of Ohio,
(Belmont county,) the average price of wheat, for
the nine years of high tariff, was 67 cents per
bushel, and for the four years of low duties 81 cents
per bushel. Let it bo remembered that, in 1837, the
compromise act (as the manufacturers say) ran
down below the protective point.
With what truth, then, could the member make
the assertion, that our country had been made "pros-
perous" by the act of 1841-2? Am I not authorized
to fix No. 3 on his forehead.'
The next assertion to which I invite your atten-
tion, is in these words:
"Mr. Stewart said: Nov/, if the gentleman would
look at the revenue received, for the year 1841, before
the passage of the late tariff, he would find that the
amount of revenue received for that year from all
sources, was $15,952,000. The gentleman would find
thai, in 1843, after the passage of llie tariff, the revenue
had been $20,605,000, being an increase of $4,052,000
under the present tariff."
Is this statement true? The document before me
shows that the gross duties on merchandise, in 1841,
were |19,919,000. In 1842, it was $16,622,000.
(See the report of the Secretary of the Treasury, Dec.
11, 1843, page 36.) The net revenue, in 1841, is
Bet down at $15,516,000; in 1842, at §12,750,000; be-
ing $2,736,000 less than the .preceding year. (Same
document, page 38.) But he tells us that the re-
ceipts from customs had, in 1843, amounted to $20,-
605,000.
Mr. Stewart. The report of the Secretary of
the Treasury would fully sustain the statement.
Mr. Weller. That is not the fact. I have the
report in my hand, and will read an extract which
will settle the question:
"It will be perceived that there was a decided im-
provement in the duties on imports during the year
1843; for during the first three quarters of that year
the receipts exceeded thirteen millions; and from re-
turns already received it is quite certain those of the
fourth quarter will amount to more than three mil-
lions, making a total of more than sixteen millions
for the calendar year.
Thus, then, it will be seen that sixteen millions is
all that the Secretary anticipates during the calendar
year 1843, instead of $20,605,000: and thus another
mark must be placed on his brow, being No. 4.
The argument of the member in favor of the pro-
tective system has been made a hundred times upon
every stump in the West. The member himself
had, he supposed, been repeating that speech for the
last 17 years; for he found the same philosophical
remarks, with which he favored us on yesterday, in
a speech made by that member in 1827 upon this
floor. Then, as now, he told the House that cloth
was the product of the farmers of England, because
"cloth was made out of the wool that grew on the
back of the sheep that fed on the grass that the
farmer raised!" Mr. McDuffie of South Carolina,
then a member of this House, replied to it, and said
that if these arguments were not original, and pro-
found, and philosophical, they were at least very
familiar; for they had a great resemblance, in point
of wisdom, versification, rythm, and poetical melo-
dy, to the nursery rhyme of "the house that Jack
built."
But to proceed; for my time is fast passing away.
He next asserts that: "Why, what had been the re-
sult of a practical application of the doctrine? Draw
a line within fire miles of the coast and the frontier, mid
inside that line this government had not expended, in the
last fourteen years, as much in all as it had cost to erect
the edifice in which they were now debuting. He chal-
lenged any gentleman to show the contrary. No; a
line drawn round this entire vast country, at a very
short distance from the actual frontier boundary, di'd
not show an expenditure, by this paternal govern-
ment, of as many dollars as it took to build a hall
for its legislation!"
This is also untrue. Within the last 12 years
more than $3,000,000 have been appropriated to the
Cumberland road alone; whilst, during that time,
not less than $1,000,000 have been appropriated to
the western rivers. The Capitol, this edifice, as it
stands, in which we are now legislating, cost but
little more than one million of dollars. I mean, of
course, the "edifice" alone, as it now stands. Thus
you have another specimen of the wild extravagance
of this distinguished romancer, who, if he had
turned his attention to light literature, might have
made a prominent novelist. 1 must, therefore, mark
him No. 5, and pass on.
The next declaration upon which I desiie to com-
ment, is in these words:
"Mr. Stewart said the gentleman might be right,
as far as his statement went; but Mr. Van Buren, in
1838, in th/* second year of his term, did icithhold the
estimates both for the Cumberland road and for the im-
provement of western rivers.''''
Here, too, the member from Pennsylvania has
shown an utter disregard of truth. In the volume I hold
injmy hand, (being executive documents for 1838 and
'1839, vol. 1, page 30,) I find that estimates are sent
in by the Secretary of the Treasury for the continua-
tion of the Cumberland road in Ohio, Indiana, and
Illinois, for the year 1839, amounting to $450,000-
This is the year in which the member says no esti-
mates were made, being the "second year" of Mr.
Van Buren's administration. This document also
shows that, for that year, (in which the member said
no estimates were made for the western rivers,) the
following, amongst others, are estimated:
From mouth of the Ohio to New Orleans, $100,000
Pier to give direction to current of Missis-
sippi, near St. Louis - 108,000
Continuing improvement of Mississippi
above mouth of Ohio and Missouri - 82,000
Continuing improvement from Pittsbugh
to mouth of Ohio - - - ~ 100,000
