96
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Abolition-Petitions—Mr. A. Johnson.
Jan. 1844.
H. of Reps.
But (Mr. J. said) he had a few plain inquiries to
make of the abolitionists of the country, and their
organs in this House. One was, if they had it in
their power to abolish slavery now,- were they pre-
pared to turn over two million of negroes loose upon -
the country to become a terror and burden to socie 
ty, producing disaffection between them and their
former masters, finally to be fanned into a flame,
wearing into a servile vvar, resulting in the entire ex-
tirpation of their race in the United States, besides
shedding much of the white man's-blood? But? as
you have no right to abolish slavery in the United
States, or any where else, are you prepared-to tax .-
the owners near ten hundred millions of dollars, and
then give it back to them their negroes, in the
shape of purchase money? -TThis would be legalized
robbery. Are you prepared to tax the slaveholder
and the non-slaveholder indiscriminately, ten hundred
millions of dollars, to buy the slaves and send them to
Africa, or anywhere else? This would be plunder-
ing one portion of the community to remunerate
another. These inquiries are made for the purpose
of bringing the'mindsof those wild enthusiasts to bear
upon the immense importance of this subject. He,
however, must necessarily be brief, as his time was
short; and he should, therefore, not dwell longer oil
that point. He had neither the time nor the dis-
position to discuss the question involved, in detail. .
He merely desired to.be understood on some princi-
pal points. He had no wish to discuss what was
called the evil of slavery, or the origin of slavery.
He had no intention to go back to the year 1442, and
take up the introduction of slavery; nor to the year
1620, when it was introduced into the State of Vir-
ginia; nor to trace its progress from that time to the
present. It was sufficient for him to know, on the
present occasion, that slavery had existed for five
thousand years. They read that some of the servants
of the Lord had slaves; and, when Joshua went to
take possession of the land of Canaan, he had divine
authority to make the inhabitants thereof "hewers of
wood and drawers of water." In short, slavery had
existed ever since man formed a community; and he
defied any, even the most intelligent, to put his fin-
ger on any spot in the habitable globe where slavery
had not existed at some period in the stream of time.
It appeared that slavery (either white or black) had
existed, in some form or other, ever since communi-
ties were formed; and if it was to be continued, eith-
er voluntarily or by force—if there were to be infe-
riors and superiors—if one portion of the communi-
ty were to be masters and another menials—if the
existence of civilization was dependent on this state
of tilings,—he had no hesitancy in bringinghis mind
to a conclusion upon the subject, believing and
knowing, as he did, that the black race of Africa
were inferior to the white man in point of intellect—
better calculated in physical structure to undergo
drudgery and hardship—standing, as they do,
many degrees lower in the scale of gradation that
expresses the relative relation between God and all
that, he has created than the white man: hence the
conclusion against the black man and in favor of the
white man.
The attempt, however, had been to make a false
i^sue before the country on the sacred right of peti-
tion. They were asked, "what, will you debar the
Irt-uuen of this country of the poor privilege of
coming here as petitioners?" Now, he wished the
House to understand this point. He did not assume
the attitude of petitioneis and of humble suppliants
tor his constituents, asking for mercy at the Soot of
power. No; they were fiecmen, and they had the
uglit to speak to the Congiess of the United
•States authoritatively, and not in the humble
attitude of petitioners; they had the right to
.ijieak by the ballot-box, and the majority had the
right to command. His constituents need not ap-
proach him—their representative, their servant—in
the humble attitude of petitioneis, but as his masters;
and command him to do what they desired to be
done. What did they mean by the right of petition?
Why, it was said, it was a gieat inherent right.
Now, he understood that the order of things had
been reversed in this government. He knew the
time had been when the people were only tolerated
in the exercise of certain privileges, all power being
in the Crown. But he repeated, the order of things
had been reversed, and, now all power was in the
people; now the people were the sovereigns in this
country: and would they place the sovereigns in the
strange and extraordinary position of petitioners to
their servants? The people, as the sovereigns, had
the right to demand authoritatively, through the bal-
lot-boxes, or to instruct the members on ttiat floor
what they should do. But it was said that the adop^
tion of the 21st rule w.as aii infringement of, and aR
encroachment on, .the great right of petition. One of
the gentlemen who had taken part in this discussion,
[Mr.' Wright- of Indiana,] had said that it was a
rejection of the petitions of-their constituents at the
door;' and he "made the inquiry—and it was' one of
some consideration—how the House was to know,
legislatively, what -the petitioners asked for; and
how they -were to know, in t}ieir legislative capa-
city, whether they could or could not grant the
prayer of the petition, if it were rejected before it
was J-ec,eived*. But was that the state of things?
Was that all that-was required? Whenever a mem-
ber on that floor rose to present a petition, what
was required of him? That he should state the
substance of the petition to the House. Were
they not informed, then, in their legislative capa-
city? He thought they were. But, said another
gentleman, [Mr. Wiothrop,]—and he brought a
philosophic figure from Mr. Burke to show the
error they had got in—it was true they knew the
difference between fair midday and deep midnight,
but they could not tell the precise point where the
day terminated and the night commenced; and so
it was with the right of petition and of legisla-
tion. Now he (Mr. J.) wanted to 'make an ap-
plication of this, if he could. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Winthrof] said that Mr. Hat-
sell had laid down the true doctrine; and what was
it' That all petitions were to be received and heard
and considered, with two exceptions—the one when
the petition was not presented decently, and the
other when the language in which it was couched
was not respectful to the House. Now he (Mr. J.)
ound little difference between these two grounds of
exception: but where, he would ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Winthrop,] was the
precise point at which decency terminated and in-
decency commenced? Wheie was the point at
which respect stopped and disrespect began? Would
that gentleman inform the House how he discovered
the difference? According to that gentleman's no-
tion, he could meet his constituents at the door, arid
say that their language was not so respectful as he
had a right to expect, and therefore he had the pow-
er, under the constitution, to turn them out of doors;
but would the gentleman say where disrespect,
which gave him the power to reject the petition, be-
gan? Some gentlemen had great tact, when they
could not march up to a point and meet it by irre-
sistible argument, in getting up a fog, and leaving
the whole thing in doubt and uncertainty. But he
(Mr. J.) thought the point where the right of peti-
tion stopped and legislation began, was just as clear
as the difference between midday and midnight.
The petitioners could exercise all the functions con-
ferred on them by the constitution, and then they
came to the door of the representative hall, and
there, through their representative, the petition was
brought up. The representative got up, and, in ac-
cordance with the rule of the House, stated its sub-
stance, and offered it for the consideration of the
representative body; and from that moment the right
of petition ceased; and at that very same instant
the right of legislation began. That was the stop-
ping point; there was a distinction between the right
of petition and of legislation, and they were not
like two liquids running inlo each other, so as to
defy tsjs- defining of distinction. The petitioners
had the right to exercise all the powers conferred
on them by the constitution; but had the representa-
tive body no powers? It was a thinking, intelligent
body, and must exeicise some discrimination. Had
that body not the power to say to the petitioneis at
the door, as well as after they got a little further in,
what disposition should be made of their petitions?
The petitioners were met by ihe 21st rule, as it was
commonly called. When a member rose and stated
the substance of a petition, he was met by that rule
as the recorded consideration of the House on that
subject, and hearing on the case. The subject had
been considered, and the petitioners were thus told
that they were asking for a thing to be done which
the House had considered, and 'that that rule stood
as the recorded judgment of the House theieon.
Were the petitioners turned out of the House, then,
without consideration? He thought not.
But what had been the course of the Senate on
this subject? The honorable gentleman here quoted
the rule of the Senate requiring a motion to be
made for the reception of such petitions; which mo-
tion, for a series of years, the Senate had laid on
the table, thus recognising the principle that these
petitions could be rejected,
■ Again: some-gentlemen had said we have the right
to petition for the abolition of slavery in the District
of Columbia. Let us (said Mr. J.) examine this
subject for a few moments. Congress, say those -
gentlemen, has the exclusive right of legislation
within the District. Well, admit this: yet,-let me
tell them, that when Congress is acting upon the
business of the District, it is, to all intents and pur-
poses—what? The legislature of the District; and
while acting as such legislature, and passing laws in ;
relation to the affairs of the District, the people of
the District stand in the same relation to Congress. -
as the people of any State do to the legislature of
that State; and e converso, Congress stands in rela-;.. ,
tion to the District precisely as the legislature of a f
State to the people of that State. And while Con- : ;
gress is so acting as the legislature of this District, ;
no individual living out of the District-has any more' -. !
right to petition Congress for the abolition of slavery ■:
within the District, than the people of one State . (
have to petition the legislature of another State for
the abolition of slavery within Tsuch State. But a . -
position that was taken yesterday, with which I ;
was very much pleased, was this: Oh', say the gen- -
tlemen, we should reject these petitions because ,
they are not couched in respectful language. In
reply to this, it was truly and forcibly remarked,
yesterday, by the gentleman from Georgia: Oh! yes,
when petitions come here that are disrespectful to
our noble selves, we are to kick them out of the
House; but when petitions are presented speaking
disrespectfully of our masters—those from whom
we derive the little power we possess, we are
bound to give them a respectful consideration!
When petitions come here asking us to do that
which would drench this land with blood, we must
receive and consider them, because, forsooth, they
are not disrespectful to ourselves. There is agita-
tion, say the gentlemen; and the continuance of this
rule has produced it: abrogate this rule, and all will
be calm and quiet. But we were told by the distin-
guished gentleman from Massachusetts that a mere
repeal of the rule would not do; it would not satisfy
the abolitionists: nor have we any reason to believe
that it would. Do we not see the strife that is car-
ried on to see who shall have the honor of achieving
this important step in procuring the repeal of the
rule? Strike out that rule, and you will hear the
shouts of victory resounding from one end of the
Union to the other. Strike that rule from exist-
ence, and they will then be able to make another
advance.
The gentleman from Massachusetts, in his speech,
laid down the rale that we ought to consider every
petition in proportion to its importance. Let us ex-
amine this a little. Suppose a petition comes here
proposing to destroy the basis of representation m
the eleven slaveholding States, with a view of ex-
cluding from this House a portion of its members:
how much consideration would such a petition de-
serve? There was a petition offered yesterday from
a man who wanted to be divorced from his wife, and
to be remunerated for loss of time while he had
been married, &c. There was a petition the other
day from an individual who wanted the State of
New York ceded to Canada. How much consider-
ation would the gentleman be disposed to give
to these petitions? I want the rule laid down,
how much consideration we shall give to each; how
much our sympathies shall be excited in each case
I merely wish to show the fallacy of the gentleman's
position. But sometimes the consistency of these
great champions of the rights of petition and of the
rights of'the people should be examined. Which
is the more important to freemen, the privilege ot
coming to the ballot-box and of exercising that
right, so peculiarly the right of fieemen, giving their
suffrages according to their inclination, or the priv-
ilege of petitioning? Would you believe it, Mr.
Speaker, one or two of these great champions of the
right of petition have recorded their votes against—
what? Against allowing U free white men the poor
privilege of voting. Upon the passage of a bill for
the incorporation of the town of Alexandria, w e
find—and it seems to me somewhat strange that it
should be so-—we find these champions of the peo-
ple's rights standing up and voting against a propo-
sition to permit white men to \ote. We find the
distinguished gentleman from Massachusetts refu-
sing to allow free white men tire privilege of voting;
and, on travelling a little further upon the record, I
find the name of Mr. Charles Hudson in opposition
to giving the right of voting to white freemen—a
gentleman who has expressed so much sympathy
for the great right of petition, as he calls it, But
