Jan. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
if
28th Cong 1st Sess.
•Abolition Petitions—Mr. Jl. Johnson.
H. of Reps.
■when a freeman comes forward and asks the poor
privilege of voting at the ballot-box, the gentleman
folds his arms, and treats him with contempt. Yet
these are the champions of freedom—champions of
the right of petition—champions of the people's
rights. A little further on, I find a motion, made
by the venerable gentleman from Massachusetts,
that the bill be recommitted, with instructions to the
committee to strike out the ■word "white;" so that,
if the bill passed with the amendment, it would
place every splay-footed, bandy-shanked, hump-
backed, thick-lipped, flat-nosed,woolly-headed, ebon-
colored negro in the country upon an equality with
the poor white man. Such is the course taken by
the great advocates of the right of. petition, when
called on to record their votes in favor of allowing
a privilege to free white men: such is their consis-
tency.
Mr. J. here read from Mr. Adams's annual mes-
sage of 1825, in which he declared that the repre
sentative should not be "palsied by the will of the
Constituents,'' and showed the perfect consistency of
the doctrine laid down in his message of that day,
with his reoent vote denying freemen the privilege of
exercising the elective franchise at the Dallot-box;
and said the great difference between the venerable
gentleman from Massachusetts, his colleagues, and
himself, was this; they were in favor of the people
being servants, instead of their being masters; they
were in favor of the people being humble petition-
ers, suppliants at the foot of power, instead of step-
ping forward and exercising all the functions per-
taining to sovereigns, either at the ballot-box, or by
instructing their representatives what they shall do
and what they shall not do. For himself, he assumed
no such humiliating attitude for those he had the
honor to represent on that floor. They had two
ways to approach that body—one was through the
ballot-box, the glorious Franklin-rod that conducted
the thunder of tyranny from the people's heads; the
other was in the form of instruction, commanding
their representatives to bring forward and advocate
whatever measure they believed calculated in itself
to promote the public good—not humbly petitioning
their representative, but commanding him.
Perhaps it will be considered uncharitable in me
to come to the conclusion I have upon this subject;
but the conviction fixes itself upon my mimPirre-
sistibly, and I will speak my sentiments, let the con-
sequences be what they may. I do believe, and
have believed for some time, that there is a deliber-
ate design on the part of some gentlemen to effect, if
possible, a dissolution of the Union. But when we
of the South, who represent the interests of the slave
States, contend for our rights, gentlemen say, Oh!
you are too much excited—too much heated; your
passion outruns your judgment; anything that you
may say is not entitled to so much weight as that
whicheprocceds from our calm and sober judgment.
Excitement! what is it which occasions tliat excite-
ment? Is not the treatment which this question re-
ceives a sufficient cause for excitement? It becomes,
in the hands of gentlemen on this floor, a question
of dissolution—of Union or no Union;—a question
in which eleven States of this Union are vitally in-
terested; States which possess upwards of $100,000,-
000 of property-in slaves; yet when you are striking
a blow which is to destroy that amount of property
at once, to expel or exclude 21 of the 93 represen-
tatives of the eleven slave States from this
House—nearly one-fourth of their entire dele-
gation—and thereby destroying the great compro-
mise of the constitution, agreed upon by the sages
and patriots of the revolution—we are told, if we
exhibit any feeling on this subject, it is southern
heat. Oh! no; we must not speak upon the subject,
unless we are perfectly calm and passionless. Let
me tell the agitators, the more they press this ques-
tion, the greater will be the excitement. It is worse
than nonsense to talk of making a calm, deliberate
appeal to them; it will not do; but when we come
to examine the subject, I am forced to come to the
conclusion that there is a deliberate design to dis-
solve the Union.
Mr. J. here referred to an opinion formerly ex-
pressed by Mr. J, Q,. Adams's father, and read
from the 4th volume of Mr. Jefferson's woiks, as
follows: "December the 13th, 1803. The Reverend
Mr. Coffiin, of New England, who is now here
soliciting donations for a college in Greene county,
Tennessee, tells me that when lie first determined to
engage in this enterprise, he wrote a paper recom-
mendatory of the enterprise, which ho meant to get
signed by clergymen, and a similar one for persons
in a civil character; at the head of which he wished
(?)
Mr. Adams to put his name—he being the Presi-
dent of the United States, and the application going
only for his name, and not for a donation. Mr.
Adams, after reading the paper and considering,
said, he saw no possibility of continuing the union
of the States; that their dissolution must necessarily
take place; that he, therefore, saw no propriety in
recommending to New England men to promote a
literary institution, in the South; that it was, in fact,
giving strength to those who were to be their ene-
mies; and, therefore, he would have nothing to do
with it."
He said he had referred to this merely as a start-
ing point at which to date the opposition of New
England men to the union of the States, and their
hostility to the institutions of the South. He passed
on to the Hartford convention, spoke of its opposi-
tion to Mr.' Madison's administration, asking a dis-
solution of the Union, throwing every obsticle in
the way of a successful prosecution of the war-
Massachusetts even refusing to let her militia go
beyond the chartered limits of the State to meet the
invading foe. Now, in this House, the same spirit of
opposition is followed up by J. &. Adams, endeav-
oring to destroy the Union and the institutions of
the South by the introduction of abolition petitions
and resolutions from the legislature of Massachu-
setts, asking an alteration of the constitution that
amounts to a dismemberment of the northern and
southern States. Mr. J. Q.. Adams's son is now in
the legislature of Massachusetts, engaged in ma-
king reports and procuring the passage of disor-
ganizing resolutions, both endeavoring to split
the Union in twain, thereby proving the father
and grandfather to be true prophets. Mr. J. next re-
ferred to the Haverhill petition; also one from the
State of Ohio, asking a dissolution of the Union.
He then read an extract from Mr. Adams's speech,
made at the extra session of the 27th Congress,
upon the 21st rule, prohibiting the reception of abol-
ition petitions, to-wit:
* * * * . * "He would
soy that, if the free portion of this Union were
called upon to expend their blood and their treasure
to support that cause which had the curse and the
displeasure of the Almighty upon it,—he would say
that, this same Congress would sanction an expedi-
ture of blood and of treasure, for that cause itself
would come within the constitutional action of Con-
gress; that there would be no longer any pre-
tension that Congress had not the right to interfere
with the institutions of the South, inasmuch as the
very fact of the people of a freeportion of the Union
marching to the support of the masters, would be an
interference with those institutions; and that, in the
event of a war, (the result of which no man could
tell,) the treaty-making power become to be equiv-
alent to universal emancipation. This was what
lie had then said, and he would add to it now, that,
in his opinion, if the decision of this House, taken
two days ago, should be reversed, and a rule es-
tablished that the House would receive no petition
on this subject, the people of the North would be
ipso facto absolved from all obligation to obey any
call from Congress."
He asked, what the paragraph he had just read
meant; what effect was it calculated to have upon
the abolitionist ofthe North, and the slaves of the
South? It is a stimulant to the one, a lure thrown out
t© the other? Is it not saying to the abolitionist of the
North, Persist in your fiendish purpose; to the in-
cendiary, who is standing with his torch ready
lighted, prepared only for the destruction of the
South, Proceed; touch the match; wrap the dwell-
ings of your masters in flames; produce a servile
war; make it necessary, for the preservation of your
masters, to call upon the non-slaveholdmg States
for assistance, "ana under the treaty-making power"
you all shall be emancipated? Giacious God! are
we prepared for scenes like these? are we prepared
to surrender our homes and our firesides? are we
prepared to see our fields, that now m due season
yield luxurious crops, relapse into their original
state, or be converted into fields of carnage? are we pre-
pared to see the black hands of the negro wreaking
m the blood of the white man? are we prepared to
see innocent women and children, virtue and beauty,
all fall a helpless prey? are we prepared to see the
land that gave a brother birth, drenched with a
brother's blood? in fine, are we prepared to see
peace, prosperity, contentment, and happiness, con-
verted into discord, desolation, cries the most heart-
rending, lamentations (producing, to use the lan-
guage of the poet) shrieks—
"So wild, so loud, so clear,
"Even listening angels stooped from Kaaven to heat;'*
and yet to be ealm and deliberate'
Mr. J., said he wished to call the attention of the
South to a single sentence in a letter recently written
by Mr, Adams to the abolitionists of Pittsburgh, (to,
wit:) =
"un the subject of abolition, abolition societies,
anti-slavery societies; or the liberty party, I have
never been a member of any of thfetri; But in op-
position to slavery, I go as far as any of -these;- tny
sentiments, I believe, very nearly accord with theirs.
That slavery will be abolished in this country, and
throughout the world, 1 firmly believe. Whether
it shall be done peaceably or by blood, God only
knows; but it shall be accomplished, I have ho doubt;
and, by whatever way, I say let it come."
In the sentence he had just read, Mr. Adams says
he is no abolitionist; but in opposition*© slavery, he
goes as far as any of them; and if the emancipation of
the negroes in the South has to be effected by the
shedding of blood, he says, "let it come." Can the
South be mistaken as to the meaning' of language
like this? Is it not time to be on the alert' Is it
not time they were aroused from their apathy? He
said this was a question that the South should unite
upon: the whole 93 members from the eleven slave-
holding States should come up on this Question as a
band of brothers, joining in one fraternal hug; heart
responding to heart; turning their faces towards
heaven, and swearing, by their altars and their God,
that they will all sink in the dust together before they
will yield the great compromise contained in the
constitution of their fathers.
In a speech made by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, a short time ago, he says he thinks the
consummation of the Christian religion will not Jake
place until the emancipation of the negroes is effect-
ed. And then, I Suppose, we have the commence-
ment of that glorious millenium which has been so
long prophesied. I wish that day would come; but
I do not wish to attain it by means of bloodshed
and the sacrifice of thousands of lives. If I thought
it would come in my day and generation, I would
now be found standing on tiptoe, stretching my ken to
the utmost tension,' anxiously endeavoring to descry
in the eastern horizon the first streaks of the glori-
ous morning. How gratifying it would be to me
to have it in my power to proclaim that the voice of
the turtle was heard in the land; that the winter was
past and gone; that the lion and the lamb had lain
down together; when all could unite in that heart-
felt chorus of glory to God in the highest, and peace
on earth, and good will among men. But while thus
indulging this pleasing illusion, while thus enjoying
this happy aberration of the mind, (at this moment
Mr. J. turned his face to Mr. Adams,) what ill omen
is that obtruding itself so abruptly upon our view?
What evil genius is this hovering around this hall?
Is it some demon, or a mortal man? What frightful
spectre do I behold, sending forth such unnatural
sounds, predicting disunion, dissevered States, and
the shedding of human blood! Frightful vision,
this!
"Black he stands, as night:
Fierce as ten furies; terrible as hell;
And shakes a dreadful dart."
My time is passing rapidly on; and I must turn
from these fearful forebodings.
The gentleman from Massachusetts has declared
that the institution of slavery has the curse of
heaven upon it; and that, in the course of time,
Providence will bring about emancipation; and in
this opinion Great Britain and Mr. Adams appear to
concur. They both have great sympathy tor suf-
fering humanity abroad, but forget the wretched-
ness and oppression that exist at their own doors.
One overlooks the white slavery that exists from
necessity, from poverty, resulting from the manu-
facturing establishments in the New England States;
the other seems to have taken out a roving com-
mission in search of grievances abroad, over
which to exercise her tender mercies. In her East
India possessions, thousands, both white and
black, are reduced to the most abject slavery; at
home, she stands with the mailed heel of power and
oppression upon the necks of over 20,000,000 of
white subjects: yet Providence, according to this
new school of philanthropy, is against slavery
everywhere, except in New England and Old Eng-
land; and all other nations or people that tolerate
slavery, are to be rebuked by direct interpositions of
Divine Providence. The ways of Providence are
mysterious and incomprehensible to short-sighted
and erring man. I trust and hope that this peoj>l|
