Jan. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ioi
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Debate on the Oregon Territory•
Senate.
could get! as if we were prostrate on our backs, the
British lion on our throats, and never to rise till we
signed what was offered!
In this way a treaty was carried through this
body, which was, in fact, almost unanimously dis-
approved, and which has since subjected us to the
keenest ridicule in the British Parliament.
Mr. B. said, we have now an analogous case—a
question of boundaries, and with the same power;
and now is the time to escape the evils which
we have suffered heretofore, by returning—only
partly returning at present—to the terms of the
constitution, and the early practice of the gov-
ernment, when Washington was President, and
Jefferson Secretary of State. It would strengthen
the President for the Senate to back him: his propo-
sitions would come with emphasis when seconded by
the Senate. If he took the advice of the Senate
before the proposition was offered, it would go with
a much more grave and impressive form to the
British government. But that is not the question
now: the President has asked no advice, and we are
offering none. The resolution is for information:
it is to enable us to know the state of the negotia-
tion—to enable the American Senate to know as
much about our own affairs as the members of the
British Parliament know! The senator from Ohio
]Mr Allen] has read you a part of the debate in
that Parliament in February last, in which the Brit-
ish minister (Sir Robert Eeele) has made a very ex-
triordinary declaration—a declaration in full terms,
that President Tyler has made propositions on the
subject of the Oregon, which would render it impos-
sible for him to have signed the bill which passed
the Senate at the last session, to grant land to the
Oregon settlers. His word is "impossible!" and now
we wish to know in what manner the American
President has fixed himself in this state of impossi-
bility! We have the same bill before us again: it
may pass; and, in that event, according to Sir Robert
Peel, the President cannot sign it! or, it may be re-
jected; and the cause of that rejection may be the
result of the President's impossible condition! In
either event, we wish to know the nature of these
prosositions which have disabled our President from
exercising a constitutional power—an obligatory
power where the bill is good—in signing a bill sent
to him by the two Houses of Congress. Let us
know the facts. Let the American Senate, and the
American people, know as much about this matter
as members of the British Parliament know; and let
us consider what we have to do, if the President is
really committed to Great Britain on the great point
of signing, or not signing, the bill which we now
have before us.
Mr. B. said our right to the information is clear;
the only doubt is upon* the character in which it is
asked. The resolution is in our legislative capaci-
ty, with the view to the enactment of a law; it may
be a question whether it should not be our executive
capacity, and with a view to ascertain the condition
of ourforeign relations. [Several senators from their
seats said, "that is the question."] Mr. B. thought
it immaterial, and that the information might be ask-
ed in either, or both capacities. When obtained, it
can be used for either purpose; the only difference is,
that the information would be confidential in one
case, and public in the other. But this is provided
for in the call; the resolution only asks for what can
be given without detriment to the public service; and
of this the President is himself to be the judge. Let
the resolution go, and let him decide, and, above all,
give him an opportunity of showing whether he is
committed against the Oregon bill!—whether he is
disabled from exercising a constitutional power!—
whether he is in the impossible condition which the
British minister has proclaimed to the world!
Mr. BERRIEN said: As I am called upon to re-
cord my vote on this resolution, I am not willing
that this debate should terminate without stating my
own views on the question which its presents.
And first: I desire that it may be noted that the
information which it is the object of this resolution
to obtain, is not called for in the exercise of any of
those powers which are peculiarly confided to the
Senate, as a branch of the executive department, in
performing those advisory functions which are en-
trusted to us by the constitution. It is not required
to enable us to determine whether we will advise
and consent to the ratification of any treaty which
has been negotiated, or to the appointment to office
of any jperson who has been nominated by the
President. It is made in open legislative (not execu-
tive) session, while we are engaged in performing
our ordinary legislative function*, in the exorcise of
powers which are common to us, and to the other
branch of the national legislature. Nay, it is dis-
tinctly avowed by the mover, that the object in
calling for this information is to enable us to act
more advisedly in deciding on the bill to provide for
the occupation of the Territory; of Oregon. The
proposition which is asserted in this resolution,
then, is this: that the Senate, as a branch of the na-
tional legislature, (hot as the constitutional adviser
of the President, but in the exercise of its ordinary
legislative functions,) has a right to call upon the
executive for any information relating te his nego-
tiations with foreign powers, and to throw upon him
the responsibility of refusing it, oil the ground that
it would be detrimental to the public interest to com-
municate it. I deny the existence of such right;
and shall, therefore, vote against this resolution.
The President is the representative of this gov-
ernment, in our intercourse with foreign nations.
He negotiates with them through agents appointed
by him, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, indeed, but communicating directly with him
thx-ough the departments ofState,.and not with this
or the other branch of the national legislature. The
details of such negotiation, in its whole progress,
and until a treaty, which has been the fruit of it, is
presented to the Senate for ratification or rejection,
belong exclusively to the executive, not to the legis-
lative department. The highest and most obvious
considerations of public policy require that this
should be so.
Be it is said by the mover of this resolution that
the Senate, when called upon to determine whether
it will advise and consent to the ratification of a
treaty, is entitled to be informed of the details of the
negotiation; and he argues that it will often be much
more important to the Senate to receive such infor-
mation before, than after, the negotiation has been
completed. He says the information comes too
late, when the executive has already been commit-
ted, and the terms of the treaty have been settled.
He supposes that the Ashburton treaty owed its
ratification to this stale of things. Looking, then,
to the duty to which the Senate will be called, in
considering the bill before referred to—that for the
occupation of the Oregon Territory—he asserts that
the Senate have a right to the information sought
for by this resolution, to enable them to act ad-
visedly upon that bill.
Now, sir, my first remark is, that the vmj terns
of the resolution negative all pretence to the right
which is claimed. We ask this information from
the President, not as a matter of right. We ask it, if,
in his opinion, it can be given without prejudice to
the public interest. We express our desire to have
it, and submit it to his discretion to determine
whether this desire can be gratified without detri-
ment to the public interest. In other words, wc ask
him to give it, if he thinks it proper to do so. Sir,
this is a singular mode of claiming a right. A right
which is absolutely dependent on the will, the dis-
cretion, it may be the caprice of another, which, if
it be withheld from us, we have no means of en-
forcing, which we cannot enjoy at our own will,
and simply because it is our right, but only by the
permission of another, is something of which I can
form no very distinct conception. If it be said that
these are the ordinary and usual terms of calls of
this description, I agree that this is so; but this only
proves that our predecessors, in all time, have been
sensible of what must be very obvious to those who
hear me, that information so sought cannot be
claimed as a right.
I am aware of the practice to which the senator from
Missouri has referred us—that adopted by General
Washington, of coming into the Senate, attended by
the proper cabinet officer, for the purpose of confer-
ring orally with them, and afterwards of consult-
ing them by written communications, as to the
terms of a treaty, on the negotiation of which he
was about to enter; but the senator is aware that
that practice has been long"since abandoned. Wheth-
er it would be advisable to re-establish it, it is not
now material to consider, for that is not the ques-
tion presented by this resolution. The President has
not called upon us for advice to aid him in negotiating
a treaty. It is we who propose to call upon him
for information to enable us to determine whether
we shall pass a law. It may be that a free inter-
change of counsels betwen the President and Senate,
in settling the terms of a treaty, would be advan-
tageous; but whether this shall be so, depends upon
his pleasure; for if he declines this interchange, we
have no means of enforcing it. When a treaty has
been negotiated, and is submitted, to our consider-
ation, then indeed we have a right to all the infor-
mation which is necessary to enable us to determine
what advice we shall give; and with the right, we
have the means of enforcing it, by_ declining to act
upon the treaty until the information is afforded.
This is, however, a right in executive, and. not in
legislative session, as is proposed by the resolution
under consideration. .
Again, sir, if we had the rightwbieh is contended
for, I should consider it highly inexpedient, under
existing oircumstfliicss, to exercise it. We are in-
formed that this question, in relation to the Oregon
Territory, is to be submitted to negotiation; and we
learn more informally, from the Chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, that the British
minister, who is expected shortly to arrrive. here,
will be charged with the instructions of his govern-
ment for that purpose. In this state of' things, it is
proposed to call upon the President for the instruc-
tions given to our ministers; and to make them public,
which must be the consequence of calling for them
in legislative session. Sir, this must exercise an in-
jurious influence on the proposed negotiation. The
instructions of the British government will remain
secret, while ours are exposed. We show our hand
to our adversary, while he conceals his. Such a
game must be played at disadvantage.
I submit to the senator from Ohio the propriety
of withdrawing this resolution. If he shall not
think proper to do so, 1 urge its rejection by the
Senate, if he still desires this information, let him
renew it in executive session, when it will be re-
lieved from some of the objections which now for-
bid its adoption. In its present posture, whether 1
look to the question of right, or of expediency and
public policy, I am constrained to vote against it.
Mr. BENTON replied to the Senator from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Berhient,] and said that in none of the in-
stances which he had read had President Washing-
ton personally appeared in the Senate to ask the ad-
vice of the Senate. He had so appeared in the first
part of his administration; but it was found to be
inconvenient and disagreeable, and was soon given
up. In every instance which Mr. B. had cited, the
advice of the Senate was asked by message, sent by
his secretary, and the points stated in writing. The
Senate answered in writing; and thus the communi-
cation between them was foe from the embarras-
ment of personal presence.
Mr. B. then gave a striking instance of this mode
of consulting in the Senate, in the famous case ot the
navigation of the Mississippi and the Spanish boun-
daries on our southern border. He showed that
the propositions of Don Gardoqui, the Spanish
minister, thirty-one in number, were all communi-
cated to the Senate, with eight others proposed by
Mr. Jefferson, the American Secretary ofState. He
showed that Washington and Jefferson acted to-
gether in all these applications for their advice; and
presumed that their joint example might stand for
something worthy to be followed. _
In citing the propositions submitted by Don Gar-
doqui, the Spanish minister, Mr. B. read one of
them as being particularly agreeable to him. It
was the article in which the Bang of Spain, in. con-
sideration that the United States possessed no gold
or silver mines, and <vould need gold and silver for a
circulating medium,agreed that he (the King of Spain)
would purchase naval stores for the Spanish navy
from the United States, and pay for them in hard mo-
ney. This,Mr. B. said, showed that the King of Spain
understood our government to be a hard-money gov-
ernment, and was willing to help us to get the hirdr
it also showed that he, although a foreign King, was
willing to purchase naval stores from the people of
the United States, and from the banks of the Mis-
sissippi—an instance of kind consideration which
would be worthy of imitation at present by the
American government in equipping the American
navy. Hemp, wood, iron—all the elements of na-
val construction are in the West, and only want the
same consideration from the American government
which they had from Charles the Fourth, to become
available to the American navy.
Mr. B. said the senator from Georgia [Mr. Ber-
rien] had departed from the question, and raised
extraneous issues. His questions and his argu-
ments suppose an intention to introduce the Presi-
dent personally into the Senate, or to send him our
senatorial advice on the formation of a treaty. No
such thing is now proposed. The only question is
for information—to obtain from him the informa-
tion which is necessary to us in the consideration of
an important bill, and for asking which we have
thousands of examples. Our whole legislative his*
