CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The SPEAKER then took the vote on the pre-
vious question; which was determined in the affirm-
ative by a majority of 75 to 40.
The main question was then ordered to be put;
and the memorial was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. PEYTON moved an adjournment; which
was negatived—ayes 65, noes 67.
GENERAL JACKSON'S PINE.
Mr. SLIDELL presented the following resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Louisiana; which were
read, and committed to a Committee of the Whole.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representative'}
of the State of Louisiana, in General Assembly convened, That
our Senators in Congress, and members of tlie House of
Representatives, be requested to use their best endeavoxs to
procure the passage of a law to restore to General Andrew
Jackson one thousand dollars, with 6 per cent, per annum
interest, being the amount of the fine imposed on him by
Judge D. A. Hall, on Friday, the 31st March, 1815.
Be it further resolved, fyc., That, in case such a law shall
not be passed by the next session of Congress, that the Le-
gislative of this State will direct the sum of one thousand
dollars to be paid, with interest, being the amount of the
fine imposed on General Jackson by Judge D. A. Hall.
JBe it further resohed, fyc., That the Governor be request-
ed to transmit copies of the above resolutions to our Sena-
tors and Representatives in Congress, and to General An-
drew Jackson.
C. DERI3IGNY,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
FELIX GARCIA,
President of the Senate.
Approved: April 5,1343.
A. MOUTON,
Governor of the State of Louisiana.
Mr. SLIDELL moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, for the purpose of taking up the bill to
refund the fine of General Jackson.
The SPEAKER remarked that the motion was
not in order.
Mr. SLIDELL then moved a suspension of the
rules, to give him the opportunity to make that mo-
tion; and on this motion he demanded the yeas and
and nays. In making this motion, he begged per-
mission to state that this measure was called for by
seventeen sovereign States of the Union; and he
wished to know who the gentlemen were that were
opposed to it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HUNT moved an adjournment.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL called for the yeas and
nays on that motion. (Cries of "oh no; vote it
down.")
The motion to adjourn was negatived.
The yeas and nays were then taken on the motion
to suspend the rules; and resulted—yeas 116, nays
40, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Besrdsley, Belser, Benton,
Bidlack, James Black, James A. Black, Blackwell, Bossier,
Bower, Bowlin, Boyd, Jacob Brinkerhoft', Brodhead, Aaion
V. Brown, William J. Brown, Burke, Burt, Caldwell,
Campbell, Cary, Catlin, Clinton, Cobb, Coles, Cross, Cul-
lom, Dana, Daniel, Richard D. Davis, John W. Davis, Daw-
son, Dean, Dickinson, Dillingham, Douglass, Duncan,
Ellis, Farlee, Ficklin, Foster, French, Gilmer, Byram
Green, Hale, Hamlin, Haralson, Hardin, Henley, Heirick,
Holmes, Hoge, Hopkins, Houston, Hubbell, Hughes, Hun-
eerford, James B. Hunt, Charles J. lngersoll, Jameson,
Cave Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Ken-
nedy, Preston King, Kirkpatrick, Labranche, Lewis, Lu-
cas, Lumpkin, McCauslen, McClernand, McConnell, Mc-
Dowell, McKay, Joseph Morris, Norris, Parmenter, Payne,
Pettit, Peyton, Elisha R. Potter, Pratt, Purdy, David S. Reid,
Reding, Relfe, Rhett, Russell, St. John, Sample, Saunders,
David L. Seymour, Thomas H. Seymour, Simons, Simpson,
Slidell, Thomas Smith, Robeit Smith, Steenrod, Stetson,
John Stewart, Stiles, Stone, Sykes, Taylor, Thomasson,
Thompson, Tibbatts.Weller, Wentworth, Wheaton, White,
Williams, Wilkins, and Joseph A. Wright—116.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Barringer, Barnard, Milton
Brown, Buffington, Carroll, Clmgman, Collamer. Cranston,
Garrett Davis, Deberry, Dickey, Fish, Florence, Foot,
Frick, Willis Green, Grider, Harper, Hudson, Washing-
ton Hunt, Jenlts, Perley B. Johnson, Daniel P. King, Wc-
Ilvaine, Marsh, Edward J. Morris, Morse, Moseley, Pat-
terson, Rogers, Senter, Severance, Stephens, Tilden, Tyler,
Vance, Vanmeter, Vinton, and Wmthrop—40.
So the rules were suspended.
On motion by Mr. SLIDELL, the House resolved
itself into a Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, (Mr. Davis of Indiana in the chair.)
Mr. SLIDELL moved that the Committee pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill introduced by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. C. J. Inger-
soll,] to refund the fine imposed on General Andrew
Jackson.
Mr. BARNARD suggested that the moi ion was
not in order, there being previous busines-s before
. the Committee of the Whole, not yet disposed of.
The CHAIR said that there was previous busi-
ness undisposed of; but it was competent for the
committee to lay it aside, and take up other busi-
ness,
Mr. WELLER moved to postpone the business
before the committee; and the motion being adoted—
Mr. SLIDELL renewed his motion to take up
the bill to refund the fine imposed on General Jack-
son; which motion was decided in the affirmative,
without a division.
The bill having been read—
Mr. STEPHENS submitted the following sub-
stitute, in the form of an amendment:
That the sum of one thousand dollars, together with in-
terest thereon, at the rate of six per cent, per annum, since
the 31st day of March, 1815, be, and the same is hereby,
given, granted, and appropriated, to and for the use and"
benefit of General Andrew Jackson; and the same be paid
to him out of any moneys in the treasury not otherwise
appropriated, .it being the amount of a fine paid by him for
a contempt of the district court of the United States at New
Orleans, at the time aforesaid : Provided, That nothing
herein contained shall be intended to be so construed as to
imply any censure upon the judge who imposed said fine,
or iu any way to question the propriety of his decision in
said case.
Mr. C*J. INGERSOLL rose for the purpose
i uerely of saying it was not his intention to debate
this question—indeed, the state of his health would
not permit him to do so—but to say that the gentle-
man from Louisiana [Mr. Slidell] would more cor-
rectly represent this matter than he could, as it was
more interesting to his constituents. He had no
doubt but the subject would be much better taken
care of by that gentleman than by him. In regard
to the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Georgia, he could only say that the bill was drawn
in such a way as to apply no sort of censure on the
Judge or any body else. If it was thought proper to
introduce that subject, he would only observe, that
he had taken great care to inform himself of all the
particulars in regard to it, and that it would be better
for the memory of the judge to let the matter sleep.
Other gentlemen, it was true, might think differently;
but as the bill contained no sort of censure on the
judge, there was 110 cause for the introduction of the
amendment.
Mr. STEPHENS would, with great deference for
the gentleman who had just taken his seat, inform
him that he, too, had taken some pains to inform
himself on this subject; and he could say that, so
far from there being injustice in his remark that the
less said on the subject would be better for the mem-
ory of the Judge, it would be better for the memory
of General Jackson himself that it should be per-
mitted to sleep. For the truth of this, he would re-
fer the gentleman to the majority and minority re-
ports 011 this subject at the last session, where he
would iind that not one fact alleged in the report of
the majority had been refuted in that of the minori-
ty. In his opinion, the Judge deserved as much
praise for his firmness ill defending the laws, as the
General did for defending the city. He detracted
nothing from General Jackson, or his meritorious
defence of New Orleans. The General stood high
in his estimation; but, high as he stood iu his favor,
and in that of the whole country, he would say that
the Judge, on that occasion, showed more moral
firmness than did the General who defended the
city; and lie was convinced that, in future ages, the
Judge would stand higher in the public estimation
for his defence of the laws than the General would
for defending the city. He had offered this amend-
ment in Committee of the Whole, and should offer
it again when the bill came into the House, and
call for the yeas and nays on it, that Jhe vote might
go forth to the country.
Mr. SLIDELL then rose, and addressed the com-
mittee as follows: I had expected that the honorable
member from Pennsylvania—who, by his position
as one of the minority of the Judiciary Committee
in the last Congress, as the author of the report of
the minority 011 the subject of the remission of the
fine imposed on General Jackson, and the intro-
ducer of the bill now under discussion, has justly
acquiied the title of its champion—would have re-
lieved me from a duty which he is so much more
competent to discharge. I am, consequently, not
prepared to treat the subject so methodically as I
could have wished; and I therefore hope that the
House will excuse me for not being as fully pre-
pared as I could have desired to be. I shall not
pretend to enter into any minute investigation of the
facts of the case, or offer any elaborate argument in
its support. The able and conclusive pamphlet
which he has published on this subject, and which,
on the introduction of the bill, he caused to be placed
on our tables, has rendered any elaborate argument
in its support superfluous. But the peculiar posi-
tions which I and my colleagues from Louisiana
occupy in relation to it imperatively calls upon ua
for at least a passing remark. " .
It has been one of the chief grounds of objection
urged against the reimbursement of the fine imposed
upon General Jackson, that his conduct In relation
to the arrest of Louallier and Hall imputed treason
and disaffection to a large portion of the citizens of
Louisiana; "that the original proclamation of martial
law was. a gratuitous act of unnecessary rigcar, in-
dicative of the despotic temper of the commanding
general; and that, even if it could be palliated or
justified by any supposed necessity at the time of its
adoption, that necessity had ceased to exist before
the occurrence of the circumstances which led to
the imposition of the fine by Judge Hall. It was
urged that, by the passage of an act reimbursing
the fine, the unjust imputation cast upon our .citi-
zens by General Jackson would be endorsed by the
legislature of the Union; and that the ddegatjon
from Louisiana were especially called Upon to refwte
the slander, by rejecting the bill.
Such was the ground occupied in the last Con-
gress by our Senators; and such, I presume, was
the reason why a majority of our Representatives
on this floor failed to give the bill that hearty and
cordial support which would certainly have secured
its passage. I wish not to be understood as calling
in question, even by indirection, the motives of
those who then represented the State of Louisiana.
The Legislature of Louisiana, at its last session,
with a dccided Whig ascendency in both Houses,
passed—unanimously in the Senate, and by an over-
whelming majority in the popular branch—instruc-
tions, directing their Senators and Representatives
to use their best endeavors to procure the passage of a
law to return to Gen. Andrew Jackson one thousand
dollars, with six per cent, per annum interest—being
the amount of the fine imposed by Judge D. A.
Hall. The report of the committee of the Legisla-
ture which accompanied these resolutions, affords the
most triumphant refutation of all the charges of injus-
tice, tyranny,and oppression,which have been so free-
ly brought against Gen. Jackson; and the documents
which are attached to it, embodying the testimony of
some of our most intelligent and estimable citizens,
would, even in the absence of all other evidence, fully
sustain the committee in the conclusions to which they
arrived. The important duty of electing a Senator
of the United States for six years devolved upon
this same Whig Legislature at its last session. The
Senator whose term was about to expire was a
geutleman of acknowledged ability and irreproach-
able character—a politician distinguished for his; un-
compromising party fidelity. He was a candiid&te
for re-election; and yet, in derogation of what may
almost be considered an established usage, he was
set aside, and another member of his party, equally
uncompromising in his political principles, was cho-
sen in his stead. And why? Because a considera-
ble portion of his own party strongly disapproved of
his course in relation to this bill. I make this state-
ment in no unkind feeling. With both the gentle-
men; who then represented Louisiana in the Senate,
I have been for many years on terms of friendship—
I might say, of intimacy. I entertain for them the
most unqualified respect; and my only object; in
these remarks, is to show that they were not sus-
tained in this matter by their own party in _ the
Legislature of Louisiana. The people of Louisiana
have expressed their feelings in a tone equally une-
quivocal. The presence here of an undivided Dem-
ocratic delegation is the most significant response
that could by them be given to the question, Shall
the fine imposed by D. A. Hall on Andrew Jackson
be refunded' .
It is true, iedeed, that this was not one of the is-
sues presented ill our elections, for no candidate
could have been found to venture upon a canvass in
any district of Louisiana, and avow his opposition
to the principle of this bill; but the people thought it
safer to confide its advocacy and support to those
who would discharge that trust with zeal as well as
fidelity. Were the details of this question as famil-
iar to the people of the United States generally as they
are in Louisiana; or were the House not composed
in so great a proportion of new members, who may
not be acquainted with the reports and discussions
of previous sessions, I should abstain altogether
from any examination of the case; but I trust, Bit
the subject may be comparatively new to some of
the members, I may be permitted to trespass on the
indulgence of the House in making a concise sum-
mary of its more salient points.
I shall endeavor to be brief; and, consequently,
shall not enter into any examination of the prince
