Jan. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,.
103
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Debate on the Oregon Temfory.
Senate*
quired nothing of th& President but what was sub-
mitted to his judgmentfor his decision,as to whether
it would or would not be consistent with the public
interest to furnish the information asked for. But
the senator says it would be an exhibition of our
hand, while that of the adverse negotiator was care-
fully kept from our view. But was that not the
ease with regard to the subject-matter of every call
of the kind? Instructions had been given to our
minister in London, the result of which was, that
the British government concluded upon sending a
minister to this government to negotiate the matter
here. How could the Senate know that the instruc-
tion was an act necessary to Mr. Everett' An an-
swer whether it was or not, might be all that could
be got by this resolution. But it would be some-
thing to know that fact.
Mr. KING said he did not intend to enter into a
discussion of the various points raised by the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Relations. They
were of a character which could only be discussed
with propriety in executive session; nor are they
necessary to a correct decision on the resolution
now before us. Nor would he (Mr. K.) enter, at
this time, into an examination of the powers of the
Senate, under the constitution, in relation to the
formation of treaties with foreign nations, even in
their executive capacity. When that question
comes properly before us, he stood prepared to give
his opinion, and would now only say that, should it
ever be decided that it would be proper to give our
advice pending negotiations, it would become a se-
rious question, by what portion of this body such
advice should be given. Certainly not by a mere
majority; for it requires two-thirds of the Senate to
sanction a treaty, when negotiated, and presented
for its approval. If a less number—a majority
merely—should advise the making of a treaty, and
it should be negotiated by the executive in strict
conformity with such advice, one vote more than
one-third of the same body has the power to reject
it. But he would repeat, this was not the time nor
the place for the discussion of this question. The
resolution of my friend from Ohio calls for the in-
structions given to our minister in England, charged
with negotiations relative to the Oregon Territory;
and the principal argument in favor of its adoption
is, that it is necessary to a correct action on the bill
which has been introduced by an honorable senator
from Missouri, that such instructions should be laid
before us. Permit me (said Mr. K.) to say that no
such information is required to enable us to act un-
derstandingly on that bill.
No instructions given to our minister can effect
our right to pass that bill. It was, if he understood
it, precisely similar in its provisions to the bill pass-
ed at the last session of Congress, by this Senate,
which, after deliberate examination and full discus-
sion, was decided to be in strict conformity with our
existing treaty stipulations with Great Britain. He
had most cheerfully given his vote in favor of that
bill, at the last session; and, regardless of any threat
of war, whether it comes from an individual author-
ized to speak for his government, or not, he would
vote for it again. We have an uncontested right to
the joint occupancy of that Territory. Great Brit-
ain has fully exercised the right on her part. Her
Northwest Fur company, under the protection of
their government, is not only trapping, hunting, and
trading there, but actually cultivating the soil to a
great extent; and we owe it to our citizens who
have already gone, and to those who may hereafter
determine to go to that Territory, to protect and en-
courage them. This he was determined to do; nor did
he fear, by so doing, that he would be furnishing
any just grounds for complaint, or that it would in
the slightest degree conflict with our present treaty
stipulations. For legislative purposes, then, the
adoption of the resolution of the senator from Ohio
cannot be necessary. Why then should it be
adopted? But we are told that if it is considered by
the President likely to be injurious to the public in-
terest to communicate those instructions, they will
be withheld by that high functionary. He (Mr.
King) had every confidence that, if this call is made,
the President will do his duty , and promptly decline
communicating those instructions. His opposition
did not arise from any apprehension that the President
would not do his duty; but because he considered
it radically wrong to make a call which looks to the
making public, instructions given while negotiations
are pending, or about to be entered into. Sir, (said
Mr. K.,) we never can negotiate with any prospect
of success, if we give to our adversary a full knowl-
edge of the state of our case, what we are to yield,
or on what we are to insist. He believed that much
mischief had resulted from the publication of the
correspondence of our diplomatic agents before the
subjects to which they related were brought to _ a
elose, and not unfrequently placed those agents in
the most awkward and unpleasant situations. He
(Mr. K.) deeply regretted that he was compelled,
by a sense of duty, to oppose the resolution of his
friend from Ohio. He could not consent to set a
precedent from which serious mischief may result
Suppose (said Mr. K.) the President should not feel
himself justified in withholding these instructions,
thus called for: what, he would ask, is to be done
with them? What legislation is proposed to regu-
late the action of the President in his negotiations
on this subject' None—there can be none. The
treaty-making power will be exercised, as fixed by
the constitution; and the vital interests of the coun-
try requires it should be so exercised. As to the
Oregon question, lie (Mr. K.) would bee leave to
say, that he entertained no doubt but that the execu-
tive government would assert all our just rights; and
he, for one, as a senator of the United States, would
never give his sanction to any treaty surrendering
to any foreign nation any portion of the territory of
the nation.
Mr. BENTON replied to the senator from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Archer,] and remarked upon the word
obtrude, as used by that senator. He [Mr. Archer]
made an assumption, for which there was no foun-
dation, and then applied a very strong epithet to
what had no existence. There was no disposition,
at present, to offer advice to the President, much
less to obtrude it upon him: obtrude was a very
strong word; it implied both force and impertinence.
He (Mr. B.) or his friends had done nothing to
merit it; the Senate could do nothing to merit it. An
individual senator might obtrude on the President—
an individual senator might be guilty of forco and
impertinence in thursting gratuitous advice upon the
President: not so with the Senate itself. The Sen-
ate is a body, with constitutional duties to fulfill;
and never can be deemed offensive or impertinent in
anything it may do in the discharge of those duties.
The senator's phrase, then, can have no application
to any member of the Senate; for no one lias pro-
posed to do anything to merit it, and the Senate
can do nothing to merit it.
The senator from Virginia seems to see something
of motives and of party principles in this resolu-
tion; he thinks the intention of the senator from
Ohio [Mr. Allen] and his political friends is to
democratize the government, and that their general
design is to convert the government into a pure
democracy. The senator and myself are both
somewhat rusty in our school learning; but we
know that the term which he has used comes from
two Greek words, demos and krateo; which signify,
the people to govern. Now, I am in favor of that
government. We have no king to govern us; our
constitution is framed on the principle of the sove-
reignty of the people; and I am willing to act up to it.
But the senator applies his phrase to our motives,
and the motives of the party to which we belong.
Mr. ARCHER disclaimed any thing offensive.
Mr. BENTON. Good: the disclaimer is accept-
ed in the spirit in which it is offered. But would it
not be best to abstain from such imputations? They
might give rise to reprisals. When one party is
told that they wish to democratize the government,
the other might be told that they wished to monarch-
ize it! and thus political argument would be lost in
personalities, and the decorum of debate sacrificed to
angry crimination.
The senator from Virginia repeats the error of the
senator from Georgia, [Mr. Berrien;] he attacks
what has no existence. He attacks the old practice,
as if there was a proposition to renew it, to give advice
to the executive in the formation of treaties. There
may come a time to offer that advice, and to test the
propriety and constitutionality of offering it. At
present, there is no such proposition; and debate
upon it is uncalled for. The senator says the prac-
tice has ceased: I say so too. And I ask what has
been substituted for it' I ask the senator if private
consultation with senators is not substituted for re-
sponsible consultation with the body? I ask him if
this was not the case with the British treaty of 1842?
[Mr. Archer declared that he did not know.]
Then (said Mr. B.) I know; and I now say that
senators were consulted individually—that they were
sent for, and individually consulted—that their ad-
vice and consent were thus privately, irresponsibly,
and irregularly obtained; and the treaty virtually rati-
fied before it was concluded. I stated this, and
complained of it when the "treaty was under dtgeas-'
sion m this chambcr. I now state it again, in the
presence of more than thirty senators who know it
to be true; and pause for any one to gainsay it.
[Here Mr. B. made a long_pause, and-no one speak-
ing, he continued:] This is what has been substi-
tuted—private, irregular, back-stairs cpnsultation,,
with a part of the senators, instead of a responsible
consultation with the whole body. The evils of
this substitution have been great, and I would wish
towiee the old practice restored, and the Senate con-
siilfed beforehand. I would wish to carry back the
government to its practice in the early days of
Washington, when Jefferson was his Secretary of
State. But we are not offering advice now: we are
asking for information—information necessary to us
—to both Houses—in their legislative capacity, to
enable them to act understandingly on the Oregon
bills. Those bills are now before us, the same that;
they were last year. Lord Palmerston says it would
have been a declaration of war if the bill had passed.
Sir Robert Peel says it could not have passed—that
President Tyler would not have signed it—that his
propositions to the British government rendered it
impossible for him to sign it. Now let us see what
these propositions are.
Mr. B. disclaimed all intention to be disrespectful
to the President. He knew of nothing that he had
said or done which could bear that interpretation.
The senator from Virginia, and his friends who had
spoken in this debate, were too sensitive on that
point: they saw disrespect to President Tyler where
none was intended, and defended him from attacks
which only existed in their own imaginations. God
forbid (said Mr. B.) that I should assail the Presi-
dent from this floor, or even tread on the smallest of
his toes; but if I did, it would not go unrebuked.
There sits the phalanx (pointing to the opposition
side) suddenly—suddenly—suddenly converted to
his defence, and which would shield him from all
Mr. CRITTENDEN observed that he felt great
diffidence, or great reluctance, in voting against any
resolution calling for information; because resolu-
tions of inquiry had been so long acquiesed in, more
through courtesy than from conviction of their ne-'
cessity in all instances, that it seemed to be an es-
tablished practice to let them pass without objection.
But, in this instance, it was understood, beforehand,
from sources which may be considered official, that
if the resolution before the Senate be adopted, it will
effect nothing; for there is nothing to be communi-
cated, except the confidential instructions of the ex-
ecutive branch of the government of the United
States to its own minister at the court of Great
Britain.
Under these circumstances he had no hesitation in
saying that he should vote against the resolution as
useless, besides being inexpedient.
In reference to all that had been so vauntingly
said on the other side about the practice of General
Washington, he had only to remark, that he revered
the usages of that great man's administration as
much as any gentleman on the floor. And he should
at all times be ready to carry back the government
as far, and as fast as it could possibly could be done,
to the days of General Washington; not merely in
its forms and mechanism, but to the very princi-
ples of his administration.
Mr. BENTON, from his seat. Hard money and
all?
Mr. CRTTTENDEN. Yes, even that, as ftr atf
Washington went, if the senator from Missouri
will go as far for the salutary measures aiid princi-
ples of that administration, including a bank of the
United States.
He would willingly and cheerfully^ agree to go
back with the senator from Missouri, in the whole
and in every particular, to the principles of General
Washington. The senator from Missouri, if he
agreed to that, should have his cordial assistance in
restoring this government to its purity in the days
of Washington, who was the first and chief of
whigs.
Mr. ALLEN asked if the senator from Kentucky
would go back to the act of that government which
exacted payment in gold and silver for ihe dues of
the government?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Yes, sir, as acted upon
and understood by General Washington himself.
Mr. BENTON, from his seat. Yes, go back to
the actions of General Washington in all analogous
cases—in all cases in which he followed the advice
of Jefferson.
Mr. WOODBURY observed, that he wished
