CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
12th March, Hall had been conducted Beyond the
limits of the camp and released, with orders not to
return until peace should have been proclaimed. On
the 27th March, Jackson appeared in the United
States court, to answer to a rule to show cause why
an attachment should not issue against him for a
contempt of court. He offered a written defence,
verified by his oath; but the court would not even
permit it to be read, and peremptorily refused to al-
low it to be spread upon the record. On the 31st,
he again appeared in court, when written interroga-
tories were propounded to him, to which he de-
clined answering; when the fine of $1,000 was im-
posed upon him, and immediately paid.
Time will not permit me to enter into a critical
examination of these proceedings. Irregularities
and anomalies of every kind might be found in
them; but let us recur to a few prominent points as
landmarks in the discussion of the question whether
this fine was properly imposed, and whether it ought
not to be refunded. I will take it for granted (what
no one, at any time, has ventured seriously to con-
test) that Jackson wits justified by the circum-
stances in ihe declaration, of martial law on the 15lh
December; and I shall also admit, for the purpose
of simplifying the question, (an admission pro hac
vice only; for I utterly reject and repudiate it, as a
principle,) that a judge has a right to punish sum-
marily, and without the intervention of a jury, an of-
fence committed against him out of court. The
essence of every crime, offence, or misdemeanor, or
whatever form a violation of penal or criminal law
may assume, is the animus—the intention. This is
recognised in the law of contempt: anomalous as that
law may be, a denial of the intention to commit a
contempt would purge the offence. Now, Geneial
Jackson, on his first appearance, in his sworn an-
swer, had negatived all the facts which were neces-
sary to show a criminal intention, in a most able
and. eloquent exposition of all the circumstances
which had determined his action.
[Here Mr. Slidell was about to read a portion
of this document—the only one he had with him,
not expecting this debate; but, as the hour was
now advanced, and it was difficult to do so without
lights, he proceeded in his speech.]
What should have been the effect of such an ap-
peal, made to a dispassionate and unprejudiced tri-
bunal? Ought it not to have been received as a full
atonement for any supposed offence? Would not
the dignity of the law, and the sanctity of the tribu-
nal, have been sufficiently vindicated, if Judge D. A.
Hall had declared his object attained by the appear-
ance of the victorious General at the bar of his court'1
Would it not have been much more magnanimous
to have offered the right-hand of fellowship and
conciliation to the man, without whom, all ac-
knowledge, Louisiana must have fallen a prey to
the invader? Such was not the course of Judge
Hall; and, to account for his proceeding, it will be
necessary to enter into an analysis of his character
and history. In doing this, it will become necessa-
ry to disregard the somewhat trite and stale precept
of dz mortuis nil nisi bonum: and I do not acknowl-
edge its general truth; for I see no good reason why,
in an appreciation of character, the dead should en-
joy greater immunities than the living. But it is
especially unjust in its application, when living
merit is tb be ungenerously affected by its opera-
tion. de mortuis nisi verwm, say I; and to do
justice to General Jackson, it is necessary to tell
the truth of Judge Hall. He has been cited as a
model of judicid firmness, dignity, and integrity.
As to the last quality, I most cheerfully accord it
truth. So far as the mere absence of pecuniary
bias or corruption goes, I believe him to have been
honest in the discharge of his official duties; and
impartial, so far as his character, habits, and pre-
judices would permit him to be; and it is important
to know these, to form a just appreciation of his
course. Judge Hall was an Englishman by birth.*
I do not know whether he had accidentally become
a citizen of the United States by his residence in
Louisiana at the time of the cession, or had taken
the oath of allegiance, and gone through the other
forms of naturalization. Be this as it may—whether
his citizenship was a matter of choice or accident—
he was still an Englishman. The natives of all
other countries, in seeking aB asylum on our fe-
vored shores, at once assimilate themselves with
our people, attach themselves to our institutions,
and become Americans, in every sense of the word.
Not so with the Englishman. 1 do not say this in
disparagement of his national character; because the
very peculiarity of which I speak hes its source in
some of the mo§t brilliant qualities of our nature.
Transplant him where you will, he is still an Eng-
lishman, with an abiding sense of the superiority
of English arms, English valor, English literature;
m short, of everything that is English, and a cor-
responding disposition to underrate and depreciate
everything that does not conform to his own pecu-
liar standard. We have an exemplification of this
in the motto of the Albion—a journal published at
New York, and chiefly patronized by Englishmen:
"Cmlurn iion. animum mutant qui trans mare curnmt "
Place him where you will, he only changes his
sky, and not his skm. The leopard never loses his
spots. Hall could never forgive the raw and un-
educated Tennesseean for having beaten the best
troops of Europe, led by generals who had taken
their diplomas in the school of Wellington. Hall
was not a brave man: lie envied Jackson for his
brilliant display of a quality which he did not pos-
sess. I say he was not a brave man; for every one
residing in New Orleans, who, in the invasion of
1814—'15, possessed sufficient strength to carry a
musket, and was not found under arms to repel the
enemy, stands self-condemned as a poltroon and a
coward. His associations were those of a clique
who were opposed to Claiborne, and consequently
to Jackson, because Jackson had manifested great
confidence in Claiborne. He was a man of intern
perate habits, and of violent temper. I will here re-
peat an anecdote, which will enable the House to
judge of the fitness of Dominick A. Hall for the
place which he filled. He had been district judge
of the court of the United States for the Territory
of Louisiana, with a salary, I believe, of §2,500, or
3,000. On the adoption of the State constitution
in 1812, the supreme court of the State was organ-
ized, and he was appointed one of the judges of
that court, with a salary fixed by the constitution
at $5,000. He accepted the appointment, and sat
for a short period in that court. His seat as dis-
trict judge was of course \acated. He, however,
before a new appointment was made of district
judge, signified his wish to leave the State court,
and resume his old station, and he was reappointed
by Mr. Madison. The motives of so singular a
course were, until very recently, unknown 'to me,
when I was informed of them by a person whose
authority will not be contested by those who have op-
posed the passage of this bill. I refer to Judge Martin,
chiefjustice of Louisiana. The constitution of Loui-
siana contains a clause providing that all judicial offi-
cers may be removed on the nddress of three-fourths
of the members of both branches of the Legislature,
the address stating the causes why the officer should
be removed. With the consciousness that his hab-
its would expose him to the operation of this clause
of the constitution, and knowing how completely
inert is the remedy of impeachment under the Con-
stitution of the United States, he determined to re-
establish himself in the safe asylum of judicial mis-
conduct, which he had temporarily abandoned. He
was not willing to be tried by judges who could
judge from personal observations of his delinquen-
cies. In the words of Judge Martin, he resigned
his situation on the supreme bench because he did
not choose to expose himself to a removal, for cause,
on address of three-fourths of the members of the
Legislature.
One more argument on this point: the magnitude
of the fine is, in itself, evidence that Judge Hall was
engaged more in gratifying the malignity of his own
feelings, than sustaining the violated dignity of his
court. A fine of one thousand dollars, imposed on
a man who had left his log-cabin in the wilds of
Tennessee to fly to the defence of a distant section
of the Union ! And by whom imposed? By a mao
who (to use the strong but expressive term of Jack-
son, applied to other persons) had "skulked from
service in the hour of danger." It is a fact that
cannot be disputed by any one conversant with the
population of Louisiana, and the history of the cam-
paign of 1814,-'15, that, while there are many brave
men who served faithfully in that campaign, and
who have been since opposed to him m politics;
the "skulkers"—the men who retired to the country,
or who evaded service in the field on various and
frivolous pretexts, are, without exception, hostile
to him, and most clamorous against the remission
of his fine. Sixteen or seventeen of the sovereign
States of this great Confederacy have demanded this
at your hands. Their voice is but the reflected ex-
pression—the faint echo—of the wishes of millions
of freemen. Let those who deride the sovereignty
of the people, record their votes against this bill.
But your action, to be efficacious, must be prompt.
If delayed for .months, for weeks—ay, perhaps for
days—it may arrive too late to gladden the last mo-
ments of the patriot hero "who has fiDed the meas-
ure of his country's glory."
Mr. BARNARD moved that the committee rise.
Cries of "No!" "no!" "Pass the bill to-night."
The motion was negatived.
Mr. BARNARD said, of course he understood
very well that this bill was to be passed by this
House, and that it was to be passed to-night. He
then made some observations to a portion of flie
House, which were entirely lost to the reporter; but
he was understood to say that this bill was to be
passed for effect on the approaching Presidential
election, and not because it was just. He asked why
this sense of justice, which it was alleged prompted
this bill, should have been waked up now? The
present majority had had the legislative power of
this country for years, and why had they not done
this "great act of justice" before? It was only with-
in the last few years that they had made the attempt
to pass it. If motives of delicacy operated to pre-
vent their making the attempt when General Jack-
son himself was in the Presidential chair, what was
there to prevent it during the term of his successor
And how was it that the State ofLouisiana had waked
up to this "great act ofjustice,"now at this day? How
was it that she now showed the most extraordinary
zeal for the character of General Jackson? [A.
voice: Because she is now a Democratic State.*]
He begged to remind gentlemen that there was
another branch of this national Legislature that
would have a word to say on this subject. They
might pass this bill here; but, his word for it, they
could not lick it into any shape that would suit the
other branch of Congress.
But why did he, or anybody else in this
country, oppose the passage of this bill, and
the refunding of this fine? Was it because
there was any want of gratitude for the ser-
vices of General Jackson? No: it was because we
have a Constitution and laws; and because, when
our Constitution and laws are suspended, there is
no security for us; and it was because General
Jackson, in his opinion, and the opinion of those
who acted with him, ruthlessly suspended the laws.
He (Mr. B.) regretted that this matter had been in-
troduced at all; Ke regretted that they were under
the necessity to oppose it; but, looking at the ground
on which this demand was made, they were bound
to oppose it. Entertaining the opinions they did,
they should be recreant to the country, and to its
best interests, if they did not oppose the passage of
this bill.
They had now before them the only instance in
the history of this country, since the adoption of the
Constitution, of the proclamation of martial law; and
they were there called upon to try the question,
whether any man has a right to proclaim marlial
law in this country: they, as the representatives of a
free people, were called upon to say whether, in their
opinion, General Jackson had the right to do it.
For one, he (Mr. B.) could not do it. He was not
prepared now to enter into an argument on this sub-
ject; but he had a few things to say before this bill
should pass. They should not pass it ignorantly.
They had much to be told, for he doubted if all the
members of that House precisely understood what
were the merits of the act which, in obedience to party
—in obedience to the high behests of party—and for
the purpose of effect on party—they were now called
upon to pass. Martial law was to be justified by
the necessities of the ease. And what were the ne-
cessities of the case? New Orleans was not the
only city that was attacked during the last war.
The city of Washington was attacked; Baltimore was
attacked; and yet martial law was not proclaimed
there: and if not there,' why was it proclaimed at New
Orleans? Why, because General Jackson took upon
himself to suspect that there was disaffection. And
wa3 there disaffection in the city of New Orleans?
Was the gentleman from Louisiana prepared to admit
that the people of his State, or any considerable por-
tion of the people of his State, were disaffected?
Because it would not do to charge the disaffection of
a few as a justification of martial law. Was that
gentleman prepared to admit that the people of Lou-
isiana were, at the time alluded to, wanting in fidel-
ity to the Constitution and Government of the
X/nited States? Would he dare say so? It would
not do for him to say-
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL here interposed, and
was understood to intimate that, if the gentleman
from New York would give way, he would move
that the committee rise.
