104
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
Jan. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. McDuffle.
Senate.
merely to say a word o  the precedent from Gener-
al Washington, cited by the gentleman from Virgin-
ia, [Mr. archer.] The contest then was, whether
the House of Representatives was bound to pass a
aw carrying into effect a treaty, or had a discretion
to pass one or not. If the latter, they could prop-
erly ask for papers connected with the negotiation;
'if the former, then their law was mere form, the
treaty being already made,and being a paramount law;
and no further information was of use. The House
of Representatives made the call for the papera^-he-
lieving they possessed discretionary power, 'tjKo
passing that law, and wishing to "be enlightens to
guide them in its exercise. But General Washing-
ton, believing otherwise, refused the papers.
Compare that case with this, and it will be seen
there is no analogy. These papers are not called
for with a view to aid us in legislating to carry into
effect a treaty, but legislating to form a territorial
government, and on rights indepsndent of any re-
cent negotiations.
Papers to aid in deciding on the merits or details
of such legislation could be called for by the House
of Representatives. In cases of such legislation,
they have frequently been called for by that House;
and have been refused, or not, as the public inter-
ests, or the success of any pending negotiation,
might seem to the President likely to be unfavora-
bly affected by giving to them publicity. The call
for papers, in such cases, with reservations like
those in this resolution, is clearly competent and
proper by either House, in its legislative capacity;
and General Washington could liardly have in-
tended to express a different opinion.
Mr. RIVES concurred in the views expressed by
the senators from Virginia, Georgia, and Kentucky.
Mr. BUCHANAN observed that he knew it was
in bad taste for him, at that late hour, to make even
the few remarks which he desired to offer. He
would, therefore, be very brief in stating the reasons
for the vote which he should give.
A very important question had arisen in this dis-
cussion, far transcending a mere call for information.
The constitution had declared that the President
"shall have powor, by and and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to make treaties, provided
two-thirds of the senators present concur.'1 For
some years after the formation of the government,
it was the practice of General Washington to ask
the advice of the Senate in advance, before the
treaty was actually concluded. He doubtless be-
lieved that the constitution required he should pur-
sue this course, or he would not have adopted the
practice at the origin of the government. Every
movement was then well considered; and that, too,
by the men who had framed the constitution. In
the course of time, this practice was discontinued,
on account of its inconvenience. The govern-
ment were often obliged to send negotiators
to distant foreign countries; and, if it had been
necessary to consult the Senate on every new
question which might arise in the course of
the negotiation, years would have elapsed before
such questions c uld be decided. The minis-
ter would have to wait, no matter how urgent the
case might be, until he could send three or, four
thousand miles for instructions; and when his de-
spatch arrived in this country, the Senate might not
be in session. The continuance of the practice adopt-
ed by General Washington would have produced
interminable delay, in fact, under such circum-
stances, in many instances the propitious moment
for making a treaty might have passed away alto-
gether, before the instructions could be received.
For these, and similar reasons, the practice of con-
sulting the Seimte in advance lmd been abandoned
for the last forty years. The President now makes
the treaty, in the first instance; and after it has been
concluded, he submits it to the Senate for their "ad-
vice and consent;'1 and they cither ratify or reject it,
according to their discretion. But did it follow that
the Senate, because they have acquiesced in this
convenient practice, had abandoned the power, un-
der all circumstances, of interposing their advice be-
fore a treaty was actually concluded? Did their
right, as a constituent portion of the treaty-making
power, depend upon whether the President thought
proper to consult them in advance or not? This was
the important question which had been raised in the
course of tlie debate; and it was one of the gravest
(juostions to this government which could arise.
They might know, from actual communications
made to them by the President in their executive
character, that a negotiation was proceeding in the
eity of Washington, which, in their opinion, woyld
prove disastrous to the best interests of the country,
tinder such circumstances, had they not a right to
interpose their advice, by resolution, before the trea-
ty was concluded? Were they obliged to wait until
the interests of the country had been so farinvolved
by the conclusion of the treaty, that it might be-
come, as it was in the case of the late British treaty,
a choice of evils, whether to ratify or reject it. His
own impression was, that the Senate, in their execu-
tive capacity, had a right to interpose and arrest the
evil, in'the first-instance. It was his impression
that they had' the same power to dissent at the first
as at the last, though the public convenience might
require that this power ought never to be exercised,
except on extraordinary occasions. He should be
most willing to have the question discussed in ex-
ecutive session.
Mr. B. could not vote for the present resolution
calling upon the President, (as it did, in effect,) to
publish the instructions to the world, which he may
have given to our minister in London, respecting the
Oregon Territory. As has been said in the debate,
this would be to show our hand to the British gov-
ernment, whilst they concealed theirs from us. We
"had the unquestionable right to make such a request
of the Executive, even in our public legislative ca-
pacity; but he should deem it very unwise policy to
exercise this right.
In Europe, such had been the desire to conceal
from the opposite party the instructions to make
treaties, given by governments to their ministers, that
it was not uncommon, in former times, for such min-
isters to wear their instructions in a belt around their
bodies. Every diplomatic art had been resorted to
by the parties to obtain a knowledge of the nature of
each other's instructions; and why? Becausc these
instructions contain not only the terms which the
minister is to urge in the first instance, and to obtain,
if possible; but also the very last concessions which
he is permitted to make, rather than produce a rup-
ture between the two nations. It is then manifest,
that if foreign governments can discover the very
lowest point to which this government will go, they
never will accept any but the very worst terms to
which we would accede. Suppose, for the sake of
the argument, (and for that only, because he did not
distrust the President,) that these instructions to our
minister in England contained concessions derogato-
ry either to the interest or the honor of the country,
and they should be published: would not this be
the strongest inducement in the world for the British
government to insist upon terms which they might
not even have proposed, had they not acquired a
knowledge of how much the President would be
willing to yield? He had been informed, upon what
he deemed good authority, of an occurrence in Rus-
sia, which manifested the eager desire of foreign
governments, by fair means or by foul, to obtain"a
knowledge of the instructions given to the ministers
of each other. The Russian government, pending
an important negotiation with England, were ex-
tremely anxious to obtain a copy of the instructions
to the British ambassador; but he kept them so care-
fully that all their efforts were in vain. However,
at last, he made a journey from St. Petersburg to
Moscow; and placed his instructions, under lock
and key, in a false bottom which had been made in
his carriage for this express purpose. On the way,
he left his carriage for a short time to take some re-
freshment at an inn; and, upon his return, unlock-
ing the place of their concealment, he discovered that
his instructions were gone; but afterwards, to his
astonishment, upon his arrival at Moscow, he found
them carefully locked up, in the very same place
from which they had been taken. He complained
to the Russian government of this violation of the
rights of an ambassador; but they professed their
entire ignorance of the whole matter; and thus the
affair ended. Whilst other nations were so
anxious to conceal their instructions to their
ministers, and this for the best reasons, he
thought it would be most unwise policy for us
to request the President, in any case which he
(Mr. B.) could imagine, to lay such instructions
before the Senate ill their public legislative capacity.
It was true that the usual exception had been made
in the resolution, and it was left to the President to
decide whether the public interest would permit
him to comply with our request; but we ought not
to make such a request., or cast the responsibility of
a refusal upon him, if we deemed a compliance
with it on his part to be impolitic and unwise.
It was for the Senate to exercise their discretion on
the subject in the first instance. He would observe
that the publication of any correspondence which
may have taken place between this government and
that of Great Britain, on the Subject of Oregon, was
another and a very different question. This could
give that government no information but what they
possessed already; and was, therefore, very different
from the publication of instructions.
But the constitution had provided the Senate with
the means of obtaining a knowledge of these in-
structions, without giving a foreign government any
advantage by their publication. As a branch of the
'executive government, we had a right to call for
them confidentially, in executive session. For one,
he should most cheerfully vote in favor of such a
call. Such was his determination to maintain the
right of the United States to the Territory of Oregon,
that he should not only vote for the call in execu-
tive session, but, if he found the Senate possessed the
power, (as he was under the impression they did,) he
would vote "advice" to the President, if he should
find, after the instructions had been received, that
this was necessary to preserve the country fi'om any
improper sacrifice.
He would be rejoiced not to be. called upon to
vote on this resolution in our legislative session; and
if he could take that liberty, he would suggest to
the senator from Ohio to permit it to be laid upon
the table, and to offer a similar resolution in ex-
ecutive session.
Mr. ALLEN not yielding to the suggestion,
The question was taken on the adoption of the
resolution, and decided in the negative—yeas 14,
nays 31, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atcliison, Benton, Breeae, Col-
quitt, Fairfield, Fulton, Hannegan, Semple, Sturgeon, Tap-
pan, Walker, Woodbury, and Wright—14. '
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Bagby, Barrow, Bates, Bayard,
Berrien, Buchanan, Choate, Clayton, Crittenden, Dayton,
Evans, Foster, Haywood, Henderson, linger, Huntington,
Jarnagin, King, McVDuftie, Mangum, Merrick, Miller, More-
head, Phelps, Porter of Michigan, Rives, Tallmadge, Upham,
White, ana Woodbridge—3i.
The Senate then adjourned.
SPEECH OF MR. McDUFFIE,
of south carolina.
In the Senate, January 19, 1844—On the resolution
of the Committee on Finance to postpone indefi-
nitely the bill introduced by him for the reduction
of the present tariff to the standard of the com-
promise act.
Mr. McDUFFIE, in reply to the arguments urged
by Mr. Evans and Mr. Huntington when the res-
olution was under discussion the day before, ad-
dressed the Senate as follows:
Mr. President: If one of the illustrious patriots
who framed the constitution under which we are
now deliberating, could have presented himself be-
fore us during the debate of yesterday, he would
have been struck with utter astonishment to find the
constitutional provision—however inadequate to its
purpose—which was designed to protect the people
of the United States from unjust and oppressive
taxation, brought up as a barrier against relieving
an indignant people from the most monstrous, une-
qual, and unjust system of taxation that ever stained
the legislative annals of this countiy. In their great
anxiety to save the people of the United States from
unnecessary and excessive burdens, those illustrious
patriots, who had been brought up in the school of
the revolution, where they were taught to regard un-
constitutional taxation as the greatest of all political
evils, very naturally interposed every possible ob-
stacle which mi°;ht secure their posterity from so
great a curse. For this purpose, they provided that
no bill raising revenue should originate in the Sen-
ate; but that all such bills should originate in that
house which more directly represented the people of
the United States. Wow, sir, I presume that the
Senate of the United States will not be disposed to
believe that the illustrious framers of this constitu-
tion meant to deal 111 mere idle words—that they
would insert in the constitution of the United States
a clause which had no practical utility. I ask you,
then, what rational, what sensible meaning can be
given to that clause, but that the object was to pre-
vent this body from originating bills'to raise revenue
by the imposition of taxes? It was not that they wish-
ed tb prevent you from putting money in the treasu-
ry, but to prevent you from taking money outof the
pockets of the people. To raise revenue is, in itself,
nothing; but to raise it by imposing excessive bur-
dens on the people, was obviously the griev-
ance they designed to prevent. One of the
senators [Mr. Huntington] not now in his place,
uniBtentiojwlly, in answering an argument of my
