Jan. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL
   The Tariff-—Mr. McDuffie.
GLOBE.
1Q£
Senate.
friend from New Hampshire, [Mr. Woodbcrt,] let
outwhatis the true view of this question. Myfriend
from New Hampshire had argcwd that, in various
instances, the Senate of the United States had origi-
nated bills providing public revenue; giving, as an
instance, laws imposing rates of postage. In answer
to that, the Senator from Connecticut [Mr. Hunt-
ington] said (though the facts did not justify the
argument) that this was not raising revenue by
imposing taxes—clearly admitting. die right of the
Senate to originate bills raising revenue, which did
- not impose taxes. Suppose, Mr, President, that we
had some mysterious power to raise revenue, with-
out imposing pecuniary burdens on the people—
suppose we are endowed with the power of necro-
mancy, and could call down showers of gold from the
heavens, or strike the earth with our magic wand,
and cause it to throw up its hidden treasures: was it
against that, or any similar mode of raising revenue,
that our ancestors intended to guard? I repeat, that
no sensible interpretation can be given to the clause
under consideration, that does not look to the impo-
sition of taxes as the sole subject of the restriction it
imposes on the Senate. Regarding it in any other
light, it would be a mere frivolous and unmeaning
waste of words.
But, sir, let us look to the prastical construction—.
to the true nature of the bill whieh I have had
the honor to introduce to the Senate. Is it, in form
or in substance, a bill for raising revenue? Is its ob-
ject to raise revenue? Will its effect be to raise rev-
enue by its own inherent vigor?—to use the words
of the Senator from Connecticut. Assuredly not.
It is a bill, on the contrary, totally and exclusively
operating to reduce and repeal duties. It imposes no
duties whatever. Its whole object is to mitigate the
oppressive burdens of unjust taxation; and yet it is
to be scouted out of the Senate by a plea to the ju-
risdiction; and the people are to be told we have not
the power to originate a law for any such purpose!
It is maintained, sir, by the senator from Connecti-
cut, and also by the chairman of the Committee on
Finance, that the duties to be hereafter collected, if
this bill should become a law, will be imposed and
collected by its authority. If that be true" in any
substantial sense, then, sir, I give up the question.
But how can a duty of 20 per cent, be collected
under the authority of a law which repeals one-half
the duty, and simply leaves the other half unre-
pealed? And what does the gentleman say of this
operation? That, by leaving 20 per cent, unrepeal-
ed, you impose it! If to repeal a part of the duties
makes the Senate responsible for imposing the re-
mainder, I confess I do not understand the force of
language. I cannot comprehend the argument. It
is an absolute puzzle, inverting the meaning of
words, and confounding the substance of things; so
that no analysis, of which it is susceptible, can ren-
der the solecism more obvious. It has a striking
similarity to an argument once used by a sportsman,
who bet $20 on a horse race, and insisted, when the
race went against him, that he had lost §40. "For,"
said he, "I lost the $20 I staked; but, if I had won
the bet, I should have saved that, and gained $20
more." That is to say, because he had not won the
stake of his adversary, he had lost it! And so says
the senator from Connecticut; because you have not
repealed the remaining 20 per cent, of the duty im-
posed by the act of 1842, you have imposed it!
I did not intend to go into this branch of the sub-
ject, except to vindicate the constitution from a con-
struction that would totally pervert the object of the
clause in question.
The senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Buchanan]
inquired yesterday what would be the effect of a
proposition here to amend this bi^ by inserting a
clause to raise the rate of duties. And it appeared
that his mind labored under some doubt, whether
such an amendment would not give this bill such a
character that the Senate could not proceed with it-
furnishing an argument that, because it would raise
duties, it cannot originate here. The answer to that
is very plain. If this were true, we could not re-
port any bill in this House relative to the revenue,
to which an amendment might not be offered, increas-
ing duties, and thereby ousting the Senate of its ju-
risdiction. Suppose a bill, introduced on the sub-
ject of revenue, neither increasing nor diminishing
duties, where the right of the Senate to originate is
undoubted: would it not fee competent for any sena-
tor to offer a clause increasing duties? I admit that
such an amendment, if adopted, would not be con-
sistent with the powers of this body; but I take it
for granted that the Senate would reject it, on a cjues*
tion of order, or vote it down; for the obvious rea-
son that it would be unconstitutional.
The Senator from Connecticut [Mr. Huntington]
makes another supposition of a similar character—
that this bill should pass here, be sent to the other
House, and be there amended so as to increase, in-
stead of reducing, duties. That House has the
power of doing this: we have not. But the puzzle
which embarrasses the gentleman is, how the Presi-
dent is to act upon it, when the bill is sent to him.
He supposes the President might put his veto on
the bill, and would not know in which House it ori-
ginated, and where to return it. I make no doubt
the President, overwhelmed as he is with difficul-
ties, would be able t® overcome this. The senator
from Connecticut may dismiss all apprShensions on
that subject. I will tell you, sir, where, in the case
supposed, the bill would originate. It would origi-
nate here as a bill to reduce duties, and in the other
House as a bill raising revenue, by increasing du-
ties—a character which that House alone has a right
to give it.
It appears to me obvious that the whole purpose
of this clause in the constitution was to prevent the
Senate of the United States from originating all bills
imposing burdens on the people—an idea borrowed,
no doubt, from the exclusive right of the British
House of Commons to originate tax bills, there
called money bills.
With regard to precedents on this subject, that of
the compromise act—which is directly in point—
seems to be regarded as of little weight; but I regard
it as one of the most solemn decisions on a question
of order or of privilege ever made by the Senate.
You know, sir—we all know—the deep excite-
ment which prevailed throughout the United States,
and which was allayed by the bill introduced by a
distinguished senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,]
to compromise the conflicting interests which then
agitated the country. I then said—I have always
said—that never, in the course of my political ex-
perience, had I known any public man display a
more heroic moral courage than that Senator did on
that memorable occasion. Sir, he was denounced
by the manufactuiers and their representatives here
as a traitor who had betrayed them.
That compromise, sir—and I speak of it as a mat-
ter in which I had some agency—that compromise
quieted, as I then hoped forever, the deep excite-
ment which then agitated the whole Union. It was
emphatically called the olive branch of peace; and I
wish to God that that distinguished statesman, who
had such an important agency in passing that meas-
ure, had remained here to vindicate and protect it
from the foul and faithless mutilation it received,
principally through the agency of his own political
friends, in 1842.
But, sir, from considerations which, I doubt not,
were sufficient to justify his course to his own mind,
he retired from his seat in this body, and was not
here when the tariff bill of 1842 was passed. And
I regret to say, that I have lately seen published a
letter from him, (which, in its general principles,
perfectly accords with my own views of public poli-
cy and public justice,) concluding with the opinion
that this act of X842 is a very good measure upon
the whole; that he has not examined it thoroughly;
but thinks that some slight modifications might be
made, which he is not prepared to point out without
further examination. Now, sir, I like the text of
that letter; but I cannot approve of this practical
commentary. The former leads directly to the res-
titution of the compromise act, and to the overthrow
of that formless monster, the act of 1842, which has
supplanted it, and violated its solemn pledges. But,
sir, it seems to be the desire of some senators that
that monument of patriotic compromise and concili-
ation, should be stricken forever from the statute-
book; and that the memory of it, if possible, should
vanish from the minds of the present generation.
The tariff of 1842 is certainly well adapted to effect
this object. That measure, no doubt, occupies a
distinguished place in the affections of the senator
from Maine [Mr. Evans.] He had an important
and influential agency in its passage. I presume,
as it is called a revenue law, it was referred to the
Committee on Finance, over which he presides
with so much distinction.' He bears, therefore,
in some sort, a parental relation to it; and I
fim not much surprised at this strong sentiment
of regard manifested by that senator. It is well
known that, of all the sentiments of the hu-
man heart, that which attaches a parent to his
offspring is the strongest. But, notwithstanding all
this, I should have hoped that the senator from
Maine, in the spirit of the Roman patriot who of-
fered up his son for the violated laws of hia country,
would have been prepared to make a similar offer-
ing, but for another sentiment still stronger-than
that to which I have alluded: it is this—that the in-
tensity of a parent's affection is increased, instead
of being diminished, by those very deformities,
physical and moral, which excite the horror of
every body else. Under the influence of this two-
fold Sentiment, I do hot Wonder that the gentleman
from Maine should be very unwilling to take <jff
the veil which covers this? gigantic infant in the
cradle, and expose its horrible deformities. But, as
the bill I have presented proposes to cui-tail these
foul deformities—which that Senator no doubt re-
gards as "fair proportions"—I proceed to examine
and inspect his favorite offspring. And what is it
but one of those moral monsters which had their
origi* in the genius of fabulous antiquity—in head
and face, a man; body and tail, a fish.
It is entitled an act to provide revenue by im-
posing duties en imports; falsehood .and deception
stamped on the veryfront of it. A bill'to provide
revenue, which lays an average duty of 100 per
cent, on several descriptions of imports that would
come into the United States, to the amount of $4Q,-
800,000 annually, under a revenue duty of 20 per
cent., but which are now totally excluded by these
enormous duties. I will not £0 into details;
but state generally, that the duties on window
glass range from 94 to 178 per cent., making
an average of more than 150 per cent, on all
descriptions; that the duties on many varieties of
manufactured iron, embracing most of the tools and
implements necessarily used on every farm and
plantation in the country, are from 75 to 150 per
sent, and more ad valorem ; that the duty on
raw iron, an article in universal use, is 112J per cent.;
that the duty on all those cotton manufactures
which come under the minimum principle of valu-
ation, (and which would be imported annually to the
amount of ten or fifteen millions of dollars under a
revenue duty of 20 per cent.,) range from 60 to 150
per cent, on their true value; that the duty on salt—
an article of universal use, consumed in almost
equal quantities by the rich and poor, and extensive-
ly consumed by every farmer, not only for family
purposes, but ten times more extensively for his live
stock—is 8 cents per bushel, (the article costing
only 5 or 6 cents in Liverpool,) equal to 133| per-
cent. on- the original cost.
Now, sir, having adverted to the prominent fea-
tures of the existing tariff, I propose to submit to
the consideration of the Senate some general views
with regard to the. true character and extent of the
revenue powers of this government: and it is not only
a practical question of expediency, but a practical
question of constitutional power, addressing itself to
the conscience and judgment of every member of
this body. What, then, is the extent and the lim-
itation of the power conferred by that clause
which authorizes Congress to raise revenue by the
imposition of duties? A bill is reported from the
Committee on Finance, and the title is "a bill to
provide revenue for the support of the government."
To ascertain whether the bill itself conforms to the
title, I ask what is the line which distinguishes rev-
enue from protective duties? Is it practicable to
draw such a line of discrimination with sufficient
distinctness, to render it of any subtantial utility?
I think it i«, (sir; and I shall now endeavor to pre-
sent to the Senate a rule on this subject, which I
think every member will admit to be true in the ab-
stract, whatever may be the difficulty in its practi-
cal application.
I hold, then, Mr. President, that under the power
of imposing duties to raise revenue, there is this
limitation imposed, not only by the constitution, but
by every consideration of sound policy; and if it ap-
plies to ©n# article imported, it1 equally applies to
every other. The rule is this: a revenue duty must
he the lowest possible duty that will yield the lar-
gest, or the required amount of revenue. I repeat
the proposition, sir, (and 1 ask the attention of the
Senate to it,) that a revenue duty should be the low-
est possible rate of imposition that would yield rev-
enue repuired to support the government. I will
illustrate this view. Every senator knows that any
duty, however small, is, to a certain extent,-a pro-
hibitory duty. If you lay a duty of 10 per cent., it
excludes a very considerable amount of imports. If
you lay a duty of 20 per cent., it excludes still more;
and so on, progressively, till you reach the point of
total prohibition. Now, sif, 1 will suppose (as I be-
lieve the truth to be) that a duty of 3D per cent, to
