Jan. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ior
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff-—Mr. McDuffie.
Senate.
X come, now, Mr. President, to consider the ar-
guments by which this system of protective duties,
jn the various stages of its progress from 1824 to
.the present time, has been supported. ' The princi-
pal argument addressed in the commencement to
the national prejudices, and still urged by the sup-
porters of the system is, that it protects domestie
against foreign industry, as if it were a conflict be-
tween the pecuniary interests of this and foreign
countries.
Now I think I can show that this is a total mis-
take, in point of fact; that there is no conflict at all
between foreign and domestic industry; that foreign
manufactures cannot come in competition with our
own, but by means of the domestic productions of
this country which are exchanged fer them; and that
the conflict is really not between foreign and domes-
tic industry, but between one branch of domestie
industry and another. What is it to the manufac-
turers here, that the manufacturers of Manchester,
Leeds, and Birmingham, shall make manufactures
to an unlimited amount, and sell them at the lowest
imaginable prices, if the domestic industry of the
United States furnishes no productions to exchange
for them? As long as they are the property of for-
eignprs, that is, the productions of foreign industry,
there can be no possible competition. When they
are exchanged for our domestic productions, they
become American property, and, to all intents and
purposes, the productions of American industry; and
it is at this precise point that the competition com-
mences. It is the exporters of cotton, tobacco, rice,
grain, and meat, and the consumers of the foreign
manufactures obtained for them, who are the true
competitors of our domestic manufacturers? It is
upon these, and not upon foreigners, that the bur-
den falls of that suicidal policy which regards foreign
commerce as a national evil, and foreign nations as
natural enemies.
Another prominent argument by which this sys-
tem has been vindicated, is its tendency to increase
the national independence; and, having maintained
a war of seven years, full of privations and sacri-
fices, to achieve that great national blessing, it is not
wonderful that the very words "national indepen-
dence" should have a charm for every American
heart. But, sir, there never was a more mischiev-
ous and fatal delusion than that which is propagated
by those wlto maintain that foreign commerce di-
minishes the independence of the nations by whom
it is carried on. It is an idea which originated in
the dark ages, when nations were regarded as na-
tural enemies, and plunder and rapine were the
sources of national income; and has been propagated
by ambitious conquerors, who would keep the na-
tions of the earth involved in everlasting wars to
gratify their lawless ambition. But, sir, the idea is
as unfounded in truth as it has been fatal in its in-
fluence. Mutual dependence between nations, cre-
ated by the exchanges of an extensive commercial
intercourse, is the highest state of political inde-
pendence that can exist between the civilized nations
of the earth. Mutual commercial dependence is
mutual political independence. And I undertake to
say, with all becoming solemnity, that God has not,
in all his merciful dispensations, conferred any
freater temporal blessing upon the human race than
y that which has given rise to commercial inter-
course among nations; substituting the mutual bless-
ings of prosperity, peace, and good will, in place of
the curses of war, desolation, and a mutual spirit of
hatred and revenge. If I were inclined to doufet the
existence of God, this dispensation alone would
disabuse my mind, and reclaim me from the delu-
sion. And, sir, it is this strong of mutual inter-
ests; this mutual bond, with hd(p penalties, bind-
ing nations to keep the peace; this narbinger of civil-
ization and herald of Christianity, that it is the
avowed purpose and inevitable effect of this protec-
tive system to destroy. We have all learned,
in our elementary school books, that the mutual
wants and mutual dependence of individuals
is the only foundation upon which the su-
perstructure of the social state and of civil socicty
could ever have been erected. But for that we
should still have been savage barbarians. And it
can hardly be doubted that these mutual wants, and
this mutual dependence, are even more essential to the
harmony and happiness of nations. He can hardly
be regarded as a philanthopist or a Christian, who
would intentionally counteract one of most benefi-
cent ordinances of God.
These general remarks, Mr. President, are not
submitted without a practical purpose, and as a mere
idle display of philosophicaljspeaiJationj but I make
them in reference to a state of things now rapidly
approaching, and which I might almost say is ac-
tually at hand. It cannot be disguised that it is the
object of this policy—ail object actually announced
by its advocates—to prohibit entirely the importa-
tion of those foreign manufactures which come in
competition with our own, and which are precisely
those commodities which constitute almost exclu-
sively the basis of our commerce with Great Britain,
Prance, and the other manufacturing nations of Eu-
rope. Now, sir, to exclude these foreign manufac-
tures, is to destroy that commerce which we now
carry on with the great nations which produce them.
This commerce, curtailed and mutilated as it has
been for twenty years, is still extensive, and still
supplies your government with the greater part of
its revenue, as it has done from the beginning. Al-
ready you have destroyed one-half of it—compar-
ing what it is with what it would have been, but
for your protective and prohibitory policy, under
whiek it is now rapidly verging to extinction. The
manufacturing nations of Europe will not and can-
not purchase our exports if we refuse to receive their
productions in exchange for them. The consum-
mation, then, to which your suicidal policy is ap-
proaching, is the total destruction of the commerce
we now carry on with those nations of Europe with
whom it is most peculiarly our interest to strengthen
the ties of mutual interest, and consolidate the rela-
tions of national amity.
But while you are thus steadily advancing in
the policy of destroying commerce, you are as stead-
ily advancing, at the enormous expense of nine mil-
lions a year, in supporting and increasing your navy.
Now, sir, as the protection of commerce is the only ob-
ject which can justify the expense of maintaining a
navy, if you destroy commerce, I say destroy the
navy also. Let us become Chinese at once; not as
they are, but as they were. Let us shrink down
into our shells, like terrapins, and draw in our heads
at the approach of danger. It is idle mockery to
send out your squadrons to scour the Pacific and
the Mediterranean, when your whole commerce in
those regions, including Peru, Chili, the Philippine
islands, Africa, Turkey, and the Levant, does not
exceed $3,000,000, and while you are destroying a
commerce of fifty times the value, which requires no
fleets to protect it. Against whom is a navy
required to defend our Atlantic commerce?
Against pirates? Against foreign powers? Against
Great Britain?—for she is the raw-head and bloody-
bones always invoked to silence opposition to waste-
ful expenditure? As a producer of the great staple
on which it is mainly founded, I declare, with all
solemnity, that I regard the Congress of the United
States, as it has been constituted for the last twenty
years, as more to be dreaded than all the powers of
Europe combined, and all the pirates that ever in-
fested the occan.
Another argument by which this system is at-
tempted to be sustained is, that it furnishes to the
farmer a maikct for his agiicultural commodities. I
recollcct that when I, last year, urged against this sys-
tem its tendency to enhance the price of commodities
which enter into the general consumption of farmers,
the senator from Maine [Mr. Evans] replied, True, it
enhances the money price; but the farmer would be
more than indemnified by getting a market for pro-
ductions which otherwise he could not sell at all.
Now, this is a sound argument as far it goes; but
how far does it go? The manufacturer furnishes a
market for all the farmers within certain limits; but it
is obvious that the circle must be very small. As far
as it goes, it is a mutual monopoly. No one can
compete with either the farmer or the manufacturer,
because the expense of transportation prevents it.
The manufacturer deals with the farmer, because he
takes from him what he has to sell; and on the same
principle the farmer deals with the manufacturer.
So far, it is true, there is a mutual benefit. But both
parties can stand -alone. They are independent of
government protection. Each party furnishes the
other the best market; and that is free trade.
Upon this principle, the salt works of Virginia defy
all competition from foreign salt, to certain distances,
depending on the cost of transportation. Now let me
ask the senator from Maine to adopt the golden rule—
to "do unto others as he would that others should do
unto him." Let me tell that senator*that the agri-
cultural producers of the South and Southwest stand
precisely in the same relation to the manufacturer*
of Manchester, Leeds, and Birmingham, as the far-
mers of Massachusetts, Connecticut, and New York
do to the manufacturing establishments in their vi-
cinity. Distance makea bo difference. Our najarai
markets—derived, no,t from human charters, but
from the providence of God—are Manchester, Bir-
mingham, Leeds, and the other manufacturing town*
of Europe. When you cut us off from these, you
Eerpetrate the same injustice as if you were topro-
ibit the Massachusetts farmer from dealing with a
neighboring manufactory, by a prohibitory duty o*
' their exchanges.
There is another argument, of which, I believe, •
the manufacturers keep a constant supply stereo-
typed for the use of their customers: that. high du-
ties upon foreign imports diminish, instead of en-
hancing, prices! Now, this is one of those incom-
prehensible paradoxes which they can successfully
address only to the blind faith of their followers.
They gravely tell us that a revenue duty of 20 per
cent., which will certainly enhance prices ^9 per
cent., will not enable them to maintain a competition
with the rival manufacturers; bat if you will add 20
per cent, more to the duty, they can' then selfc their
manufactures cheaper than they could before! Ex-
clude the competitor who undersells them, and they
will immediately be able to undersell him! Now,
sir, if high duties produce low prices, it would seem
to follow that low duties would produce high prices;
and the manufacturer should go strenuously for re-
duction.
But, if this argument must be gravely met, the
answer is as simple as it is conclusive. If the man-
ufacturer cannot obtain remunerating prices with a
protection of 20 per cent., he certainly cannot afford
t© sell at lower prices; but, if he can afford to sell
at lower prices, he certainly does not require more
protection than 20 per cent, will afford him.
Another argument, Mr. President, which has been
advanced, from a very high quarter, in favor of this
system, is, that, by excluding foreign manufactures,
we relieve ourselves from paying tribute to foreign
nations. Yes, sir: a President of the United States,
[Mr. J. Q. Adams,] who has filled various stations
m the councils of this country, and has made a dis-
tinguished figure in them all, formally promulgated
this extraordinary denunciation against foreign com-
merce, in one of his annual messages to Congress.
Paying tribute to foreign nations ! When we hear
such doctrines from such high authority, we can
scarcely wonder at the popular delusions which have
so extensively prevailed on this subject. Now, sir,
let us see in what this tribute consists. Foreign_ na-
tions furnish us a market for domestic productions
which we cannot sell at home, and they give us in
exchange manufactures required for our consump-
tion. But this is not all: they supply us with these
manufactures 20, 30, and 40 per cent, cheaper than
we can obtain them from our domestic manufac-
turers; and it is that which constitutes the tribute,
according to this paradoxical theory. Now, sir,
with becoming deference, I think the tribute grows
out of the very system here recommended, and goes
to another quarter. That system compels us to pay
an average of some 30 or 40 per cent, more for do-
mestic manufactures than the price for which we
tould obtain the foreign; and common sense teaches
that this is an unjust and oppressive tribute.
Another kindred fallacy has been recently propa-
gated; and I am sorry to say, by a distinguished
statesman, the acktiowleged head of one of the great
political parties of this country.
In the conclusion of the letter to which I have al-
ready alluded, he says, in substance, that it is the
true policy of this country in regard to foreign com-
merce, "to sell as much and buy as little as possible.'"
I confess, sir, I read this with surprise. It throws
the exploded doctrine of the balance of trade quite
into the shade. That would certainly be no very
gainful commerce, in which we should give much
and recive little. It is precisely what even Alexander
Hamilton denominated "a vain attempt to sell every
thing and buy nothing.'^ If a horse jockey were
advised to adopt a similar policy, and, in all his
exchanges, to give a horse of great value, and receive
one comparatively worthless, he would laugh in the
face of the adviser. But it cannot be supposed that
the distinguished writer of the letter m question
meant so absurd a tiling as to advise his country-
men to give to foreign nations more than we get frorii
them. He must have intended to recommend the
policy of sending abroad as large an amount of ex-
ports as possible, and of receiving in return as small
a proportion of consumable commodities, and as
large a proportion of gold and silver as possible.
This whole theory grows out of the popular fallacy,
that money, which is the mere measure of the rela-
tive values of those consumable commodities -yhich
constitute national wealth, is itself not only the rep-
