108
APPENDIX TO T&E CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. McDuffie.
Senate.
productions of their industry for the precious metals
for ten years, without sinking into poverty and
wretchedness. Such a nation, would truly represent
the folly of a miser,, who should perish for want of
the common necessaries of life, in the midst of his
golden treasures.
This policy of selling much and buying little, so
strongly exemplified in our protective system, is the
very same in principle as that which impoverished
Spain after the discovery of America. She care-
fully hoarded all the precious metals produced by
her colonies, and prohibited its exportation by se-
vere penal regulations. The result was, that she
became the most impoverished nation in Europe.
Now, by excluding foreign imports; by selling much
and %uying little; by refusing to take from the
manufacturing nations of Europe the productions of
their, own industry for our great staples, you
produce a forced importation of the precious metals,
which adds not a cent to the substantial wealth of
the country; and you prohibit the exportation, and
of GOurse, the profitable use of those metals, by means
more effectual than the penal laws of Spain;
that is, by prohibiting the importation of the foreign
commodities, for which alone it is at all desirable,
or to any extent possible, to exchange them. But,
sir, I pass over several topics of less interest, and
shall now proceed to present some views of this
subject, which are to me of more intense and en-
frossing interest than any or all of those which I
are hitherto presented. I allude to the unjust, une-
qual, and oppressive operation of this protective sys-
tem, upon that portion of the United States of which
the capital and industry are almost entirely employed
in producing the staples of exportation. Now, sir,
there are some five or six States in the north and
northeast of this Union, largely engaged in the
production of Manufactures. On the other hand,
there are some eight or nine States in the south and
southwest, largely, and some of them almost ex-
clusively, engaged in producing the great agricul-
tural staples of exportation. And it so happens,
that these foreign manufactures which we receive in
exchange for our exports are precisely those which
are manufactured most extensively in this country.
It is the interest of the domestic manufacturers—at
least as they understand it—not only to diminish,
but to prohibit entirely the importation of these rival
foreign manufactures. It is, on the contrary, the
obvious interest of the producers of exports that
there should be no restrictions at all on the import-
ation of these natural exchanges, which they re-
ceive for the productions of their capital and labor.
Here, then, it is not to be disguised, is a direct con-
flict of interest between two great branches of do-
mestic industry. You cannot impose a duty upon
one, however small and for whatever purpose, that
will not unavoidably operate as a burden on that one
and bounty to the other. The very act by which
you confer a bounty upon one, imposes a coex-
tensive burden on th« other. If the government had
no use for revenue, and our foreign trade was lite-
rally free from all duties, there would be a fair and
equal competition between these rival branches of
industry. Each class of producers would enjoy
their natural rights, and neither could justly com-
plain. But the moment the government imposes on one
a revenue duty, (say 20 percent.) however necessary
and expedient, it unavoidably destroys this equali-
ty. A discrimination is made against one, and in
favor of the other, to the precise amount of the duty.
Now, what I venture to affirm, in this view of the
subject, is, that the value of the staples of exporta-
tion, as compared with the value of domestic manu-
factures, is diminished in exact proportion to the
duties imposed on the foreign manufactures received
for those staples. It would seem to be almost a self
evident proposition, that the true measure of the
value of our exports is the quantity of consumable
commodities we can obtain in exchange for thein. If
there were no duties, for the annual cotton crop ex-
ported, (say 2,000,009 of bales,) the States that pro-
duced it could obtain, it shall be supposed, 2,000,000
of bales of manufactures, Now, when you impose an
impost duty of 20 or 40 per cent, upon these manu-
factures, you diminish the number of these bales by
as many as will be required to pay the duty—in the
one case 400,000, leaving only 1,600,000; in the
other 800,000, leaving only 1,200,000, as the ac-
tual intrinsic value of the cotton crop exported. If
it be said that as much money can be obtained for
the smaller number of bales, owing to their en-
hanced pricej as for the whole two millions, it is a
sufficient answer to say, that .the exporting States,
including planters and all other classes, consume
very nearly the whole return received for their im-
ports, either in imported manufactures or domestic
manufactures equally enhanced by the duty.
But, sir, there is another view of this subject
whiGh leads us to the same result, though by a dif-
ferent process. And to this I invoke the earnest at-
tention of the Senate, as th  argument is not as ob-
vious as I think it solid. When you originally im-
pose, or when you increase, a duty upon foreign
manufactures, (say 20 per cent.,) the first effect is to
check importations of manufactures, and cause the
importation of specie. This operation will continue
until the price of domestic manufactures is so far en-
hanced that the foreign jnanufacturs can be import-
ed, paying the duty, with the ordinary mercantile
profit. Now, this enhancement of the price of
manufactures (foreign and domestic) in our market,
as compared with their price in foreign markets, is
neither more nor less than a corresponding depre-
ciation of the value of money in this country, as
compared with these commodities. The very
reason which causes the depreciation of specie in this
country, causes its appreciation in Europe, though
not to the same extent. The whole result is, that,
as Europe furnishes the great markets which con-
sume six-sevenths of our cotton crop, the price of
the whole crop is fixed here in a currency appre-
ciated by our own importation of it. We, of course,
obtain a lower price for our cotton in the United
States, and that, too, in a depreciated currency.
Now, sir, when this system shall have reached
the consummation which is so devoutly wished by
its beneficiaries and supporters—when we "shall sell
as much and buy as little as possible"—when we
shall have realized the golden vision of "selling eve-
rything and buying nothing"—what will be the con-
dition of the exporting States of this Union? Com-
merce between nations can rest upon no other foun-
dation than a mutual exchange of the productions
of each other. When you have prohibited the im-
portation of manufactures from Europe, yon will
have totally destroyed the demand for six-sevenths
of our cotton, rendering it utterly valueless. I would
as soon that you should nip every cotton plant in
the bud; for then we should know our destiny, and
be spared the labor of production.
Already, sir, have we fearful premonitions of this
approaching catastrophe. With a delightful cli-
mate, a genial soil, as industrious a population as
any on the face of the earth, and a staple which has
contributed more than any other to clothe, with
cheapness, the commercial nations of the world, we
are steadily sinking, year after year, in all that con-
stitutes the prosperity and greatness of States. Our
efforts to counteract this downward course, serve
but to sink us still deeper; and while our annual pro-
duction has increased beyond example, its aggregate
value has actually depreciated.
This, sir, is a question of life or death to the South
and Southwest. The crisis approaches when it
must be decided. It is in vain that we close our
eyes against the approaching danger. You have
already destroyed one half of our commerce by the
steady progress of this fatal system for more than
twenty years; and so long have we endured the
oppression that we have almost lost the sense to
feel, or the spirit to resist it. Sir, we are surround-
ed with imminent dangers; for, while a fanatical
crusade is carried on against our institutions by affil-
iated societies, here and in Great Britain, you are
doing all in your power to make it the interest of
that country to co-operate with our domestic in-
cendiaries, in the unrighteous work of destroying
our great staple by destroying the means of pro-
ducing it. Sir, ever since the tariff of 1828, I have
regarded the exporting, the slave States of this
Union, as being practically reduced to a state of
colonial vassalage to the manufacturing States. And
I feel authorized to add, that it is a much more op-
pressive state of tributary dependence than that
which once bound us to great Britain! True, we
were then compelled to trade with the mother
country; but that country afforded us the best and
cheapest market in the world; but now we are com-
pelled, under a penalty of 40 per cent, on the amount
of our annual productions, to trade with these master
States, to th8 obvious and utter sacrificc of our vital
interests and in gross violation of our natural and
constitutional rights. Even if you were to come
down to a revenue duty, with the discriminations
I have stated, it would be the most unequal and
oppressive, in its operation on the exporting States,
of any revenue system ip the world. jNo other na-
tion ever attempted to throw the Whole burden of
taxation upon imports. Even' in great Britain, the
country which draws most largely from her im-
ports, much the larger portion of her revenue is file- •
rived from her various internal taxes, direct and in-
direct.
So disguised and complicated are the beajrings and
operations of this system, that its true character can
be in no way so clearly exposed as by compara-
tive illustrations. By comparing this with what all
must admit to be an equal system of taxation, its
great inequality, as it affects the two great rival
branches of exporting and manufacturing industry,
will be apparent. I have heretofore stated that there
were 160,000,000 of domestic manufactures annually
produced in the United States, that come in competi-
tion, directly or remotely, with foreign imports.
The amount of duty-paying imports last year was
$40,000,090. The whole amount of these manufac-
tured productions, imported and domestic, is #200,-
000,000—all of them the productions of our domes-
tic industry, equally entitled to the protection of the
government, and equally liable, upon principles of
equality, to pay the burdens of taxation. Suppose,
then, that we should so far change our system as
to impose an equal rate of duty upon all these man-
ufactures—an impost duty of 10 per cent, on the
one class, and an excise duty of the same rate on
the other: this would yield a revenue of $20,000,-
000—abundant for all the wants of the government;
and the burden of it would be light, and, what is
more important, equally distributed. Now, sir, I
challenge the senator from Maine, or any one else,
to point out a single objection to this system, upon
the score of justice and: equality. Sir, it cannot be
done; and yet, in what striking contrast does it stand
to your protective system! and in what deep colors
does it exhibit the enormity of that system!
Mr. President, there yet remains one more com-
parative illustration, quite different in its char-
character, to which I must ask the attention of the
Senate. I shall suppose, then, that the catastrophe
to which we are hastening, under this suicidal policy,
has actually occurred, by the total destruction of
that great branch of our foreign commerce which
alone gives value to six-sevenths of our staples of
exportation, and mainly supplies the government
with revenue. What would De the inevitable result?
Can it be supposed that we should still persevere
in producing staples to perish on our hands? Cer-
tainly not. What, then, should we do? Why, sir,
as we should have the slavish privilege of doing
what you had not yet prohibited us from doing, we
should follow even the example of our oppressors
in all excepting their oppressions; and divert our
capital and industry from agriculture to manufac-
tures. For this change, let me tell you, we have
great and abundant facilities, surpassing those of
any part of the Union, in many respeats. The
raw material would be cheaper, for we should make
our own supply, and take care to make none for
our rivals and oppressors. Labor would be much
cheaper; for, notwithstanding the absurd theories of
political economists in Europe, who can know
nothing about it, the labor of African slaves, trained,
fed, and acclimated as ours are, is the cheapest labor
in the world for its efficiency—not excepting that of
the white slaves of India. We abound in water
power and extensive regions of our poorest land;
are covered by thick and lofty forests, furnishing
inexhaustible resources for steam power. Let it be
supposed, therefore, that .some patriot, standing
amidst the ruins of our commerce and prosperity—
indignant" at the oppression that had produced,
and mortified atgihe patient acquiescence that had
so long endure should say to his fellow-citizens
and fellow-sufferers, Behold around you the mon-
uments of oppression, in your dilapidated citics, and
your desolated fields. There now remains to us only
the poor privilege of making the most of our condi-
tion, by improving the means not yet destroyed by our
oppressors. Abandon your fields, for their crops
are blasted as they rise. Sell and sacrifice your
lands, and appropriate the proceeds to the establish-
ment of manufactories. As we have not had the
spirit to resist oppression, let us at least have the
wisdom to repair its ravages."
Now, sir, suppose that, conforming to this advice,
our people cease to be planters and become manu-
facturers. Suppose further, sir, that it should be
found that, owing to the advantages just stated, the
manufacturers of the South and Southwest should
be able to undersell their former oppressors, as much
as they now can, by sending their cotton abroad,
and exchanging it. for foreign, manufactures
