94
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
bill in the exact terms in which it was now
offered, and which induced the gentleman to de-
nominate it a licked bill. Why had this bill been
Eassed through a body, the members of which,
e supposed, were as patrotic as the mem-,
bers of this House, though, in the main, differ-
ing from the friends of General Jackson in
their political views? ft was because they had felt
the necessity of obeying the all-powerful voice of
the people of this country; because they had felt the
force of public opinion, which, he thanked God,
was, in this country at least, the great lever which
moves all our political action*, and he warned the
gentleman that, if he attempted to dam up or pre-
vent the free expression of the opinion of the Amer-
ican people in regard to the conduct of Judge Hall,
a fearful voice of indignation would be heard
from all parts of the country. Too long had this
nation been disgraeed by holding within its power
an unjust and illegal fine; and it was his firm belief,
that so long as that fine remained to rust and canker
in the treasury, so long would it be a foul blot on
the nation's honor. So far as an effort had been
made to draw a parallel between the services which
General Jackson had rendered the country and
those which had been rendered by Judge Dominick
A. Hall, he had not a word to say. It was enough
for him that he had never known any service to be
rendered to the country by Judge Dominick A.
Hall; and would not even have known his name,
except from the fact of its having been coupled with
that of General Jackson in regard to this transac-
tion. He believed there were many men, both in
and out of the House, who were seriously of opin-
ion that they would do violence to justice and right
by returning the fine. He would go farther, and
say that he believed there Were men in the country
—nay, even in that House—who could never forgive
General Jackson for having licked the English army;
and he believed that, from that time, the great sin of
General Jackson, in the estimation of many men in
the United States, was his having beaten a British
army with an inferior force. These remarks might
seem rather harsh, but he firmly believed what he
said; and if any man thought the shoe fit him, he
was at liberty to put it on and wear it. He would
not, in this brief address, attempt to recapitulate the
services of General Jackson in the trying and diffi-
cult circumstances in which he was placed; but he
was convinced, from all that he had been able to learn
of the history of the times, that no man short of Gen-
eral Jackson, then breathing, could have success-
fully defended the city; and why? Because he was
the only man that was willing to incur sufficient
responsibilty to meet the dangers he had to en-
counter ; the only man willing to risk the sacri-
fice of self for the sake of saving his country.
H« took the responsibility on himself then, as he
has done on other occasions; and what was remark-
able, he never did so but the hearts of the American
people warmed to him for it, knowing that that
responsibility was incurred to protect them from ex-
ternal and internal enemies. Well, he took the
responsibility, and declared martial law; when he
found a judge—an English judge—instead of aiding
in the defence of the city, aiding and abetting nm
tiny in his camp. When he found this man assist-
ing the treasonable and disaffected in their endeavors
to entice away I113 men and leave the city open to
an exasperated and cruel enemy, he took the re-
sponsibility of "shopping him;" and when he had
shopped him, lie very politely put him out of his
lines, and told him to keep out. But the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Barnard] said that
the Judge had two maiden sisters in the city.
Then, if he had sisters, or a father, or a mother,
in the city, what was his duty? Was it to attempt
to break up the camp of the defending army? or to
assist in defending it against a brutal soldiery, whose '
motto was "beauty and booty'" To tell this, was
to make the man's character worse than he had sup-
posed it to be. He had hoped that the man stood
solitary and alone, without any of those endearing
ties which bind the patriot to his home, and induce
him to shed his blood in its defence; but he learned
to-day, for the first time, that the Judge had those
sacred obligations of defenceless kindred claiming
his support, and that he basely deserted them—thus
rendering his character blacker than it was before.
Gen. Jackson, however, did not string him up, as
he ought to have done, in justice to the country,
and as an example to all traitois; but he simply
sent him out of his lines to prevent him from doing
further harm. After the Judge had returned to the
city, what a contrast did his reception present to
that of General Jackson. The gentleman from New
York says that General Jackson was hailed by all
classes as the saviour of the city; but in what light
was this Dominick A. Hall viewed? The ladies,
whom he had deserted in the hour of danger, would
not dance with him; and while General Jackson
was the lion of the day, he was sneaking about un-
noticed, and scorned by every lover of his country.
There was the secret of his vindictive feelings
against the victorious General. To talk about pre-
serving the dignity of the laws! Look at him
when he had got the General into his court, and was
about to inflict his judgment, and say if he showed
dignity there. While the General was surrounded
by a crowd of friends and grateful admirers, with the
brave volunteers who had served under him, the
cowardly creature was so alarmed at the indignation
his arbitrary and tyrannical proceedings had ex-
cited, that he was about to make his escape from
the back door, when he was reassured by the Gen-
eral, and told that the same arm that had defended
the city would defend him; and that he might, with-
out fear, proceed to do his duty. To cap the cli-
max, the. creature was so frightened that, in fact,
he never did pronounce the sentence of the court,
but merely had it entered on the records. This was
preserving the dignity of the judiciary with a ven-
geance! He would not, however, argue that question.
It was enough for him to know that this money, thus
unjustly taken from Gen. Jackson, had laid canker-
ing and rusting in the treasury, and that the Ameri-
can people had demanded that it should be re-
stored. As to this amendment to give it to General
Jackson as a gratuity, declaring at the same time that
no censure was cast on the Judge, he would appeal
to every man in America to know what that was
done for. They all knew that General Jackson
would never touch the money on such terms, and
that his friends would never consent to pass a bill
with such an unjust and untrue proviso to it.
Did they not all know that the Senate had already
passed just such a bill as was then before the House?
For what purpose, then, was this amendment to be
tacked to it, if it was not for the purpose of defeat-
ing the measure by mdnect means? Afterpassing a
handsome culogium on the merits and services of
General Jackson, Mr. K. said that he would vote
for the bill as it was introduced to the House; but
if any member would offer an amendment, saying
that the fine was unjustly imposed, he would be
better pleased with it. If he did not believe that
the fine was imposed unjustly, he would not vote
for the bill at all: and he believed that every one
who voted for it, would vote under such a belief.
He was willing to meet the responsibility to the
American people; for he believed that there was'not
one man in a hundred who was not convinced that
the Judge acted in a tyrannical and arbitrary man-
ner, and that the fine was unjustly and illegally im-
posed.
Mr. GRIDER said he was pleased to hear one
gentleman make the remark that this was not a
party question, though he feared that party was the
great moving consideration which had introduced
this bill to the House. For one, he professed, with
the gentleman on his right, not to be governed by
party considerations, but by a sense of duty to him-
self and to his constituents, and should give his vote
accordingly. Gentlemen had professed that this
proposition was intended to operate on no indi-
vidual, but simply to refund to the hero of the
Hermitage the amount of the fine imposed 011 him.
If that was the solitary proposition, if the arguments
of gentlemen did not go further, he felt confident that
there was no one in the hall that would say a word
against it; but if there were other propositions, he
asked if it was to be expected that the bill should
pass with the unanimous consent of the House.
He had heard the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. C. J. Incersoll,] who introduced this bill'
give his views on retrenchment and reform, an
early adjournment, and administrative economy in
the departments of the Government. Now, how
was he to understand the gentleman who talked in
this way, and then introduced matter for the delibe-
rations of Congress, that had passed away in the
history of the country? It they came here to legis-
late for the country, for the advancement, suste-
nance, and continuance of this Government, must
they go back a quarter of' a century to find subject-
matter for legislation? This was not according to
his notions of the principles of economy, retrench8
ment, and reform. The past history of the nation
could not be changed by the judgment of this
House; and the effects to be produced by_the pas-
sage of this bill would prove a disappointment to
the gentleman who introduced it. The people pf
this country were not to be taken by storm, nor. j
governed by impulses. They were a calculating"'
people, and formed their judgments from propriety
or impropriety, and in reference to the good of the
country. . He did not believe, that if Congress or-
dered the restoration of this money, General
Jackson would receive it. Then why legislate on
the subject' Did General Jackson want the money,
or had he asked for it' Not at all. But if this fine
was refunded, it would take from General Jackson
the brightest part of his fame, and the greatest
glory he had acquired. For the greatest glory of
General Jackson was, that when surrounded by a
victorious soldiery, he submitted to the supremacy
of the civil authority, and without a murmur paid
the fine that was imposed on him.
They who had won glory for the country—those
who had done service for the country, and had done
it from the high impulse of patriotism, feeling that
when they had done it they had but done their
duty, also felt that they had thereby earned the re-
ward which was due to elevated and distinguished
patriotism. But that glory, whatever it was, was a
common glory, belonging to no one party, as had
been observed by one gentleman, and could not be
divided. It was true that General Jackson's fame
and his influence had been felt in this country; but
why, at this hour almost of his retirement from this
world, wake up this question? Was it that the
mantle of his glory might cover the shoulders of
some third person? Was it that an influence might
be created in support of a candidate for the popular
favor, for the highest office known in the world?
But all this had dothing to do with the true ques-
tion before the House. And what was that ques-
tion? It was, whether they would adhere to the ex-
ercise of the writ of habeas corpus, or whether that
constitutional and individual privilege should be
surrendered. For the surrender of that invaluable
right, he never could give his vote. It was a ques-
tion of the supremacy of the law, and it was not
simply a compliment to a distinguished individual.
One gentleman had asked, in his argument, that this
bill should be passed not only for the purpose of re-
funding the .fine to General Jackson—not only as a
compliment, and a just compliment (as that gentle-
man contended) to General Jackson for his great
battle of New Orleans, but for his political tri-
umphs; yes, for his political triumphs. And yet
gentlemen told them this was no party question, as
m fact it ought not to be. Some gentlemen found
some difficulty in giving their votes on this question.
One gentleman said that his own experience had
confirmed him in the conviction of the corruption
of the judicial department of this Government; but
for himself, his (Mr. Grider's) experience was ex-
actly the reverse.
Mr. KENNEDY said, if the gentleman intended
to allude to any position which he had taken, the
gentleman was m error. He (Mr. K.) had said
this, and he now repeated it; that amongst the sins
imputed to General Jackson, for which some men
would never forgive him, was his indomitable reso-
lution in putting down a moneyed aristocracy; but
he did not put the passage of this bill on that ground;
he put it on the ground that the fine imposed on
General Jackson was unjustly and illegally imposed,
and, therefore, that it ought to be refunded-
Mr. GRIDER said he understood the gentleman
from Indiana to say, that he awarded to the judi-
ciary an amount of corruption which was sufficient
to induce him to withdraw his respect for that de-
partment.
Mr. KENNEDY remarked that he had said there
r,UK:^ c°rruption in the judicial branch of
this Government as m any other branch; and would
now repeat the observation.
Mr. GRIDER said he was happy to say that his
own personal experience had not manifested to him
even a symptom of judicial corruption; and this
country, he was satisfied, relied for the protection of
individual and personal rights on the writ of habeas
carpus, and on the morality of the judiciary. These
S^CUI^t0 ev*?17 man> °f every color, his rights under
the Constitution; and they were then called upon to
decide whether those rights could be suspended ex-
cept by the legislative department. The rights of
eyery man,^ under the habeas corpus, were sacred
rights; and it must be admitted that they could not
be suspended, according to the forms and require-
ments of the Constitution, except by the Legisla-
ture; nor would he give a vote which would imply
that any person possessed such power in this land.
