96
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS,
and disgraced by slander, while the decison of a
wicked, corrupt judge, must be permitted to stand as
unalterable as the laws of the Medes and Persians.
He rejoiced that he had the opportunity of express-
ing to the world his opinions and his principles on
this question. He, had hopes, from some of the re-
marks of the gentleman from Kentucky, that he had
participated in some of the battles of the last war;
and if he had, he would have certainly supported this
bill, for he did not believe there was one of the sur-
vivors of that contest who would not be in favor of
the old hero, and opposed to the iniquitous and
tyrannical Judge who oppressed him. After speak-
ing of the moral grandeur of the scene presented,
when the victorious General, surrounded by
an attached and ardent soldiery, submitted to
the unjust judgment of the court, and told
him that he would protect him in the execu-
tion of his duty, Mr. D. referred to the general
and enthusiastic feeling now pervading the whole
country in favor of refunding the fine, and the
repeated expressions of the will of the people on
the subject. He hoped the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Barnard] had mistaken the sentiments
of the Senate in relation to this bill, when he said
that it could not be licked into any shape that would
enable it to pass there; and that there was not
enough of the Hartford-convention feeling m that
body to induce them to reject so just and so patri-
otic a measure.
Mr. PEYTON would not have said one word on
this subject, but for the high-wrought eulogies
heaped on General Jackson at the expense of the
memory of the Judge who had imposed the fine on
him. He would ask if it was necessary, in order
to do justice to General Jackson, hyena-like, to dig
up from the grave the bones which had been
long since laid to rest? He professed himself
as much the friend of General Jackson's fame as
any of his pretended admirers on that floor; but he
did not think he would be doing him any service by
advocating a bill of this nature. He believed, how-
ever, that this measure was brought forward, not
for the sake of General Jackson, but for party pur-
poses. If not for that purpose, why this late 'move-
ment11 It was said that motives of delicacy pre-
vented this measure from being brought forward
while Gen. Jackson was President. But why was
it not brought forward m Mr. Van Buren's time?
Was it because Mr. Van Burcn was Gen. Jackson's
only begotten political son, and that, therefore, the
same motives of delicacy prevailed? lie believed
not; but from other and different motives. It. was
because the party was then strong, and did not re-
quire such aid; but now, being politically bankrupt,
tliey wanted the aid of General Jackson's name,
again. If those who assumed to be General Jack-
son's friends, and to have the exclusive care of his
reputation, wanted this money, why, in the name of
God, let them have it; though lie, for his pari,
thought that it would be detracting from his fame.
On motion by Mr. WELLER, the committee
then rose and reported progress.
Mr. ADAMS, from the committee appointed to
revise the rules, made a report; which was laid 011
the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAVIS of Indiana, from the Committee on
Public Lands, moved that the annual report of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office be print-
ed, and that 10,000 extra copies be also printed;
which motion was agreed to.
Mr. ELMER moved that the Committee of
Elections have leave to employ a clerk.
Mr. HOUSTON opposed the motion, deeming
the labors of the committee such as not to require
the service of a clerk.
Mr. CARROLL expressed his astonishment that
the committee had not already reported on the great
question which arose at the organisation of the
House respecting the right of the. members from
four States in the Union to seats in this House;
and, after proceeding some time, he was called to
order for irrelevancy.
Some irregular discussion ensued; but ultimately
the motion was withdrawn, and
The House adjourned.
The following petitions were presented under a
rule of the House, and appropriately referred:
By Mr. SLIDELL: The petition of Edward J.
Foretell, in behalf of Messrs. Hope & Co., of Am-
sterdam, and others, bondholders of the Bank of
Pensacola, praying for relief: referred, with the doc-
uments, to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. Al-
so, the petition of Manuel Crugat, formerly naval
officer at New Orleans, for the refunding to him of
certain moneys paid into the treasury under an erro-
neous judgment: referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
By Mr. CATLIN: The petition of the heirs of
Wilfred Knott for the amount of a pension to which
he was entitled: referred to the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions.
By Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin: A joint reso-
lution of the Council and House of Representatives
of the Territory of Wisconsin, in relation to the
establishment of a mail-route from Milwaukie, via
Maquonago, White Water, outlet of Lake Rush,
Ronong, and M<tFaddins, on Shingle river, and
thence by the most direct route to Mineral Point:
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads. Also, a petition for the establishment
of a mail route from Maquonago, via Eagle Prairie,
White Water, Fort Atkinson, and College Green,
to Madison, the seat of government of the Territory
of Wisconsin: referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads. Also, a memorial to
Congress from the Legislative Assembly, asking an
appropriation for the opening of a road from She-
boyagan, by the way of Winnebago lake, to the
Fox river; and also asking an appropriation for
completing that part of the United States military
road between Green Bay and Fond du Lac: refer-
red to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
By Mr. RELFE: The petition of Larkin Cason,
and others of Calaway county, Missouri, praying
for the removal of the circuit court of the United
States, for the Missouri district, from St. Louis to
the city of Jefferson: referred to the Committee, on
the Judiciary.
By Mr. LABRANCHE: Proceedings of a pub-
lic meeting, held 111 the city ot Lafayette, Louisiana,
and memorial of the citizens thereof, praying for a
port of entry: referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
By Mr. HOLMES: Memorial of the South Caro-
lina railroad companies, for the re-enactment of the
law remitting duties 011 railroad iron.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 3, 1844.
The President pro tem. laid before the Senate the
report of the Secretary of the Senate, showing the
number of clerks employed in his office; which, on
motion by Mr. KING, was ordered to be printed.
Mr. T ALLMADGE presented two memorials from
citizens of the Territory of Wisconsin, praying for
an appropriation for the improvement of the Neenah
and Wisconsin rivers.
Also, a memorial from citizcns of that. Territory,
praying the passage of a law authorizing a survey
to be made of a road from Cheboygan to Faychu-
dah; and that a portion of the lands bordering on
the road thus to be surveyed may be appropriated
as a fund to defray for its construction; which me-
morials were severally referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. CHOATE presented a petition from John
Thomas and others, inhabitants of Kingston, Mas-
sachusetts, praying for indemnity for French spoli-
ations prior to 1800: referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. BARROW presented a petition from Julius
Culbertson, of the Slate of Louisiana, asking that a
law may be passed confirming his title to a certain
tract of land 111 that State: referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from a
number of citizens of Philadelphia city and the State
of Pennsylvania, asking Congress to reduce the rate
of postage 011 letters, periodicals, and newspapers;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
On motion by Mr. CRITTENDEN, leave was
granted to withdraw from the files the petition of
the widow and administrator of Andrew Lewis, late
an officer in the United States army, praying to be
reimbursed the costs and charges of a suit instituted
against him for responsibility incurred by him in his
official capacity.
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented a petition from Hi-
ram March, praying the reimbursement of a fine
imposed on him for an unintentional violation of the
revenue laws: referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. BENTON presented a petition from citizens
of Missouri, praying for the establishment of a post-
" route from the city of Warrow, in the county of
' Benton, to the town of Waynesville, in the county
of Pulaski, Missouri: referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. STURGEON presented a petition from a
number of citizens of Erie, Pennsylvania, asking
for an appropriation for the completion of the works
in the harbor of Erie: referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. WOODBURY presented apetitionfrom John
Pettibone, of Washington City, praying that com-
pensation may be made him for the use of his
patent by the General Government: referred to the
Committee on Patent^
Mr. BAGBY gave notice that he would, on to-
morrow, ask leave to bring in a bill for the relief of
the legal representatives of William Walker.
Mr. ATCHISON, on leave, introduced a bill to
extend the time of proving pre-emption rights;
which was read twice, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. HANNEGAN gave notice that he would,
to-morrow, ask leave to introduce a bill making an
appropriation for the continuation of the Cumber-
land road through the States of Ohio, Indiana, and
Illinois.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, agreeably to notice given,
and on leave, introduced a bill concerning the Su-
preme Court of the United States; [the bill proposes
to change the time of the commencement of its ses-
sions from the 2d Monday in January to the 1st
Monday in December;] which was read twice, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The following resolutions, submitted by Mr.
Woodbcry on yesterday, came up for consideration,
and were agreed to, viz:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be instructed to
inquire into the expediency of prohibiting, by law, the al-
lowance of any claim, except under a special act of Con-
gress, by any of the departments or bureaus, which has
once been rejected by the heads thereof; and also th® al-
lowance of any claim, without such special act, which ori-
ginated more than four years previous to the application for
such allowance.
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of providing, by law, that the
annual estimates from the different departments, which are
laid before Congress by the Secretary of the Treasury,
shall be accompanied by the written approval or disapproval
of the President and all the heads of the departments, as to
their necessity and amount; and that no estimates for ap-
propriations be at any time submitted to Congress, by any
of the departments or bureaus, except such as (like the an-
nual estimates) have first been laid before the Secretary of
the Treasury, and are accompanied by a plan from him for
means adequate lo meet them.
The CHAIR remarked there was no other business
before the Senate except the special order, which
was the bill for the relief of Isaac Ilsley.
Mr. EVANS remarked that this bill had been
postponed till to-day on his motion, for the purpose
of obtaining some information from the department
before it was acted on. He had not yet obtained
the information desired, and hoped the bill would
be laid on the table till Wednesday next: agreed to.
Mr. SEMPLE gave notice that he would, on the
earliest day practicable, introduce a bill to remodel
the consular establishment of the United States.
On motion by Mr. PHELPS, (there being no fur-
ther business before the Senate,)
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 3, 1844.
HEATING THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTA-
TIVES.
Mr. PAYNE submitted a resolution; directing the
doorkeeper of the House, under the directions of
the Clerk, to contract with some suitable person to
heat the furnaces constructed for warming the build-
ing, and for keeping the same in repair.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON hoped the States would
be called for resolutions in order, or such as would
not be debated; and with that view, he moved a sus-
pension of the rules.
Mr. PA"VNE stated the necessity of adopting
his resolution; but after a few words from him and
Mr. WINTHROP, Mr. HUDSON, and others, the
motion of Mr. C. Johnson was agreed to; aad the
States were called, beginning with Maine.
NEW COLLECTION DISTRICT.
Mr. HAMLIN, on leave given, introduced a bill
entitled—
" A bill to constitute the counties of Penobscot
and Piscataquis, in the State of Maine, into a new
