98
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The SPEAKER *aid that it must lie over for one
day.
UNITED STATES SCHOONER GRAMPUS.
Mr. BARNARD asked leave to offer a resolution,
that the Committee on Naval Affairs be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of providing, by law,
for a gratuity of one year's pay to the widows and
orphans of the officers and seamen who were lost
in the late United States schooner Grampus: object-
ed to by several; and not received.
BREAKWATER IN THE DELAWARE.
Mr, ELMER offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee 011 Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of authorizing the construc-
tion of a breakwater near the New Jersey shore of the
Delaware bay.
Mr. PRICK submitted the following joint resolu-
tion; which lies over one day:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the
United States of Jlmerica in Congress assembled, That the
Secretary of the Senate and Clerk, of the House of Repre-
sentatives be directed, in the future disbursements of the
public moneys for the use of their respective bodies, to
confine their purchases exclusively to articles the growth
ana manufacture of the Uuited States, provided the same
can be procured of such growth and manufacture; and the
said officers be, and they are hereby, directed to make their
disbursements aforesaid with regard to the strictest econ-
omy.
PENNSLYVANIA COAL.
Mr. BIDLACK submitted the following resolu-
tion, which lies over one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to
lay before this House any communication he may have re-
ceived on the subject of the use of anthracite coal in the
navy, tor the purpose of generating steam for propelling
packet-ships or vessels of warj that he state the results of
experiments made by the Navy Department upon different
varieties of coal, and his opinion of the respective value of
each for naval purposes, having reference to safety, cleanli
ness, compactness, of storage, and power of generating
steam; and that he further state whether the department, for
the purpose of analysis and experiment, has purchased the
coal made use of, what quantity has been purchased, if any,
and the amount jiaid therefor.
PHILADELPHIA NAVY-YARD.
Mr. MORRIS on leave, and in pursuance of no
tice given, introduced a bill to provide for the con-
struction of a dry dock and navy-yard at Philadel-
phia; which was read twiee, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
TRADE WITH GERMANY.
Mr. A. STEWART offered the following reso-
lution; which lies over one day:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to this House, if not, in his opinion,
incompatible with the public interest, the instructions given
to our Minister at Berlin, by which he has been authorized
to propose, in his letter of the 9th of October, 1943, the ne-
gotiation of a treaty between this Government and the Ger-
manic States, or "Customs Union," for mutual reduction to
t>e made in their respective tariffs; together with the cor-
respondence and despatches upon that subject not already
communicated to this House. '
_ Mr. WILKINS submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire in the expediency of authorizing, by law,
the construction of additional iron steam vessels upon the
Ohio river, underthe superintendence of the Navy Depart-
ment, to be used for the purposes of harbor defence, as ves-
sels of war at sea, or to be employed in the revenue service
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire mto the expediency of bringing in a
bill similar to an act of 10th February, 183S, authorizing the
Secretary of the Navy to eftect an equitable settlement
with persons who have supplied timber and other mate-
rials to the navy, agreeably to the suggestions in his annual
report of the 25th November, 1843.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, by general consent, in-
troduced a resolution directing the Committee on
the Judiciary to inquire into the expediency of con-
ierring on the TJumted States Consuls at Constanti-
nople and other Turkish ports, jurisdiction in civil
controversies between citizens of the United States:
considered, and agreed to.
COPYRIGHT.
Mr. C. J". INGESROLL, pursuant to notice, in-
troduced a bill relating to copyright; which was
read twice, referred to the select committee already
appointed on that subject, and ordered to be printed.
COMMISSIONERS TO TAKE TESTIMONY.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL offered the following res-
olution, which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of empowering
the judges of the L)ut®d States to appoint commissioners j
to take testimony and grant certificates in cases of fugitives
from labor. -
RETRENCHMENT.
Mr. GILMER, with a few words of explanation,
moved the printing of 2,000 copies of the report
made by the select committee of the last Congress,
on the subject of retrenchment In the Executive De-
partments. He made this motion, that the new
members of the House might be informed on the
subject. It was agreed to.
CUMBERLAND ROAD.
Mr. STEENROD, pursuant to notice, introduced
a bill making appropriation for continuing the Cum-
berland road in the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illi-
nois; and for the erection of a brige at Wheeling.
It was read twice, and referred.
PENSION AGENTS.
Mr. STEENROD, pursuant to notice, introduced
a bill making compensation to pension agents; which
was read twice, and referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions.
NEW POST ROUTES.
Mr. CHILTON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be directed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a post-road from Walnut Branch, in the county of
Faquier, Va., by Weaversville, to Auburn, in the said
county; and of the establishment of a post office at Wea
versville.
CLAIMS UNDER CHEROKEE TREATIES.
Mr. CLINGMAN submitted the following joint
resolution; which, after a few words from Mr.
C. JOHNSON, was read twice, and committed to
the Committee on Indian Affairs:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the
United States of Jlmerica in Congress assembled, That the
Secietary of the Treasury be,and he hereby is, authorized and
directed to pay such sum or sums of money as may be award-
ed to claimants by the commissioners now adjudicating claims
arising under the Cherokee treaty of one thousand eight hun-
died and thirty-six, and m fulfilment ef the several articles of
said tteaty; and that the ceitificates required to be issued to
claimants by the seventeenth article, and in conformity to the
uniform practice herctofoie, shall be pioper and sufficient
vouchers upon which payment shall be made as aforesaid: Pro-
vided, That no money shall be paid out of the treasury upon
such certifica'es after the appropriation hereto/ore made by
Uongiess, m fulfilment ol the tieaty aforesaid, is exhausted,
unless hereafter authotized by law.
PUBLIC EXPENDITURES.
, Mr. McKAY submitted the following resolution;
which lies over one day, under the rule:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed to
inform this House of the amount of expenditure which has
been settled on the certificates only of the President of the Uni-
ted States, since the 4th March, 1829, and the year in which
sctid expenditure was made.
THE TARIFF.
Mr. RHETT submitted a resolution in the fol-
lowing terms; on which he n.oved the previous
question:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be in-
structed to report a bill reducing all the duties on imports
over 30 per cent, ad valorem to that amount, and providing
for a final reduction, within two years, to 20 per cent, ad
valoiem, with such discrimination below this maximum as
the purposes of revenue shall require.
After a few words from Mr. DROMGOOLE,
Mr. ADAMS called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. RHETT called for tellers on oraering the
yeas and nays, and Messrs. Winthrop and Hous-
ton were appointed; and they reported 81 in the af-
firmative, and 40 in the negative.
The previous question was sustained by the
House; and, on the adoption of the resolution, the
yeas and nays were taken and resulted as follows—
yeas 57, nays 112:
YEAS- Messrs. Eclser, E. J. Black, Jas. A. Black, Black-
well, Bower, Bowlin, Boyd, A.V. Brown W. J. Brown, BurtK
Caldwell, Campbell, R. Chapman, A. A. Chapman, Cobb,
Coles, Cullom, Darnel, John W. Davis, Dawson, Douglass,
Duncan, Dunlap, Ficklin, Gilmer, Hale, Hommctt, Haral-
son, Herrick, Holmes, Houston, Hughes, James B. Hunt,
Jameson, Leonard, Lewis, Lucas, Lumpkin, McCauslen,
McClernand, McConnell, McDowell, Matthews, Owen,
Payne, Pettit, Relfe, Rhett, Saunders, Thomas Smith, Rob-
ert Smith, Stiles, Taylor, Thompson, "Weller, Wentworth,
and Woodward—57.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ashe, Barringer, Barnard, Beards-
ley, Benton. Bidlack, James Black, Bossier, !. Bnnkerhoff,
Brodhead, Milton Brown, Cary, Catlin. Chilton, Clingman,
Collamei, Cranston, Dana, Garret Davis, R. D. Davis, Dean,
Deberry, Dickey, Dickinson, Dillingham, Dromgoole, Ellis,
Elmer, Farlee, Fish, Florence, Foot, French, Frick, Gid-
dings, W* Green, B. Green, Grider, Hamlin, Hardin, Harper,
Henley, HubbelJ, Hudson, Hungerford,Washington Hunt, C.
J. Ingersoll, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Irvin, Jenks^ Cave John-
son, Perley B.Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones
Preston King, Daniel P. King. Kirkpatrick, Lyon, McCIeh
land, Mcllvaine, McKay, Marsh, Moore, Edward J. Morris, i
Morse, Mosely, Nes, Newton, Parmenter, Patterson, Pey-
ton,. Klisha R. Potter, Ramsey, Rathbun, Charles M. Read,
David S. Reid, Ritter, Rogers, Russell, St. John, Sample,
Schenck, Senter, Severance, T. H. Seymour, David L. Sey-
mour, Simons, Slidell, Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Steen-
rod, Stephens, Stetson, Andrew Stewart, J. Stewart, Stone,
Sykes, Thcfrnasson, Tibbatts, Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Vanme-
ter, Vinton, Wheaton, White, Williams, Wilkins, "Winthrop,
and Jos. A.Wright—112.
■Hie resolution was not agreed to.
WK CAMPBELL moved that it be resolved that -
William J. McCormick be appointed the postmaster
of this House during the present Congress. And
upon this resolution he moved the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. C. JOHNSON moved to lay the resolution
upon the table.
Mr. HAMLIN asked if this were the day as-
signed for the appointment of a postmaster; if not,
he thought the resolution was not in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL said the effect of the adoption
of this resolution would be the repeal of the pre-
vious one.
Mr. HAMLIN observed, that if this were per-
missible, they would be able to do that indirectly
which could not be done directly.
Mr. PAYNE said if the gentleman was going to
debate the resolution, it must lie over.
Mr. HAMLIN said he merely raised a question
of order—the House having appointed a day for the
election of postmaster—-whether this resolution
could be entertained
Mr. WINTHROP observed that this appeared to
him to be one of those questions of consistency
which it was not within the competency of the
Chair to decide.
Mr. CAMPBELL said he believed he could re-
move all difficulty by modifying his resolution as
follows: 'that the resolution appointing a day for
the election of a postmaster be rescinded, and that
William J. McCormick be appointed postmaster.
Mr. ADAMS inquired whether a motion to re-
scind a regular order of the House was not precise-
ly the same thing as a motion to rescind a rule of
the House; and whether a day's notice would not,
in such case, be necessary.
The SPEAKER remarked that, under the modi-
fied form, the Chair considered the resolution to be
in order.
Mr. DROMGOOLE suggested that the postmas-
ter must be elected by vote of the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL said he believed the uniform
practice had been to appoint that officer by resolu-
tion.
Mr. HAMLIN rose again to a question of order.
He desired to know if the resolution, in its present
shape, did not involve the same absurdity as at
first.
The CHAIR decided that a resolution to rescind
a previous one was in order.
The question being put upon the motion to lay
the resolution upon the tabl—
Mr. WELLER asked the yeas and nays upon
it; which were ordered, and being taken, resulted—
yeas 94, nays 76, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Benton, Bidlack, James Black,
Bossier, Bowlin, Boyd, Jacob BrinkerholF, iBrodhead,
Aaron V. Brown, William J Brown, Caldwell, Cary",
Augustus A. Chapman, Clinton, Cobb, Coles, Cullom, Dana,
Daniel, Richard D. Davis, John W. Davis, Dawson, Dean,
Dillingham, Douglass. Dromgoole, Duncan, Durrlap, El-
mer, Ficklin, By ram Green, Hale, Hamlin, Hammett,
Haralson, Henley, Herrick, Hoge, Houston, Hubbell,
Hughes, Hungerford, Chas. J. Ingersoll, Jameson, Cave
Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Kennedy,
Preston King, Leonard, Lucas, Lumpkin, Lyon, McCauslen,
McClernand, McConnell, McDowell, McKay, Mathews,
Moore, Norris, Owen, Parmenter, Payne, Pettit, David S.
Reid, Reding, Relfe, Ritter, Russell, St. John, Thomas H.
Seymour, Simons, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Steenrod,
Stetson, John Stewart, Stiles, Sykes, Taylor, Thompson,
Tibbatts, Weller,Wentworth, Wheaton, Williams, Wilkins,
Woodward, and Joseph A. Wright—94
NAYS—Messrs. Adams,Ashe, Barringer, Barnard, Beards-
ley, Belser, Edward J. Black, Jas. A. Black. Milton Brown,
Burt, Campbell, Catlin, Chilton. Clingman, Collamer, Cran-
ston, Garrett Davis,Deberry, Delict, Dickey, Dickinson,
Fish, Florence, Foot, Frick, Giddings, Gilmer, Willis Green,
Grider, Hardin, Harper, Holmes, Hudson, W. Hunt, J. B.
Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Irvin, Jenks, P. B Johnson,
Daniel P. King, Kirkpatrick, Lewis, McClellan, Mcllvaine,
Marsh, Edward J. Morns, Morse, Moseley, Nes, Newton,
Patterson, Peyton, Eli&ha R. Potter, Ramsey, Charles M.
Read, Rhett, Rogers, Sample, Saunders, Schenck, Senter,
Severance, David L. Seymour, Slidell, Albert Smith,
Caleb B. Smith, Stephens, Andrew Stewart, Thomasson,
Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Vanmeter, Vinton, White, and
Winthrop—76.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
Mr. HOLMES submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies over one day.
Resolved, That it be referred to the Committee on Naval
Afeirs to report upon the condition pi' ths privateer fund,
