CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M
and to reinstate the pensioners who are entitled to the bene-
fit of said fund.
Mr. HOLMES submitted another resolution, call-
ng on the Secretary of the Treasury for information
in relation to the amount of indemnity received from
Mexico; but it was objected to, and laid over,
REVENUE TARIFF.
Mr. E J. BLACK submitted the following rlfcu-
tion; and called for the previous question on it:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be in-
structed to report a bill, as soon as practicable, revising the
present tariff, and imposing duties on imports on the principle
of revenue only.
The second to the previous question having been
carried—ayes 92, noes not counted, and the main
question ordered without a division—
Mr. REED of North Carolina called for the yeas
and nays on the main question, which was, the
adoption of the resolution; and which being or-
dered—
Mr. DROMGOOLE called for the reading of the
72d rule; which was read as follows:
"It shall be the duty of the Committee of Ways
and Means to take into consideration all such re-
ports of the Treasury Department,and all such prop-
ositions relative to the revenue, as may be referred
to them by the House; to inquire into the state of
the public debt, or the revenue, and of the expendi-
ture; and to report from time to time their opinion
thereon. To examine into the state of the public
departments, and particularly into the laws making
appropriations of moneys, and to report whether the
moneys have been disbursed conformably with such
laws; and also to report, from time to time, such pro-
visions and arrangements as may be necessary to
add to the economy of the departments anfi the ac-
countability of their officers."
The question was then taken on the adoption of
the resolution; and resulted—yeas 83, nays 84, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Belser, Benton, Edward J. Black,
James A. Black, Blackwell, Bossier, Bower, Bowlin,
Boyd, Jacob Brinkerhoft; Aaron V. Brown, William J.
Brown, Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Campbell, Reuben Chap-
man, Augustus A. Chapman, Clinton, Cobb, Coles, Cross,
Cullom, Daniel, J. W. Davis, Dawson, Dean, Dellet, Doug-
lass, Duncan, Dunlap, Farlee, Ficklin, Gilmer,Hale, Hamlin,
Hammett, Haralson, Herrick, Holmes, Hoge, Houston,
Hughes, Hungerford, J. B. Hunt, Jameson, C. Johnson, Geo.
W. Jones, Kennedy, Leonard, Lewis, Lucas, Lumpkin,
Lyon, McCauslen, McClernand, McConnell, McDowell,
McKay, Moore, Norris, Owen. Payne, Pettit, Pratt, David S.
Ileid, Reding, Relfe, Rhett, St. John, Saunders, Thomas
H. Seymour, Simpson, Slidell, Thomas Smith, Robert *
Smith, Steenrod, John Stewart, Stiles, Taylor, Thomp-
son, Weller, "Wentworth, and Woodward—83.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Ashe, Barringer,
Barnaid, Bcd.idi.ley, Bidlack, James Black, Brodhead,
Milton Brown. Cary, Catlin, Chilton, Clmeman, Collamer.
Cranston, Dana, Garrett Davis, R. D. Davis, Deberry,
Dickinson, Drom^oole, Ellis, Elmer, Fish, Florence, Foot,
French, Frick, Willis Green, By rani Green, Grider, Hardin,
Hubbell, Hudson, Washington Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll,
Harper, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Irvin, Perley B. Johnson,
Preston King, Daniel P. King, Kirkpatrick, McClelland,
Mcllvaine, Marsh, Edward J. Morris, Moseley, Newton,
Parmenter, Peyton, Elisha R. Potter, Rathbun, Charles
M. Read, Hitter, Rodney, Rogers, Russell, Sample,
Sclienck, Seiner, Se\erance, David L.Seymour, Simons,
Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stephens, Andrew Stewart,
Stone, Sykes. Thomasson, Tibbatts, Tyler, Vance, Vanme-
ter, Vinton. Wheaton, White, Williams, Wilkins,Winthrop,
and Joseph A. Wright—S4.
Mr. STEPHENS submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies over one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be request-
ed to furnish this House with a statement of th'e value of the
imports into the TTnited States during the last calendar year,
ending the 31st day of October last; designating such arti-
cles as were, by existing laws, subject to duty, from such
as were admitted duty free, with the various kinds of arti-
cles and commodities so imported m general Masses, and
the amount of revenue derived fiom each.
Mr. BOYD submitted the following resolution;
which lies over one day: •
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be instructed
to inquire into tbe expediency of construciinga naval depot
upon the Mississippi or Ohio river, in accordance with a rec-
ommendation contained in the report of the Secretary of War,
bearing date the 5th December, 1340.
WESTERN RIVERS.
Mr. WILLIS GREEN submitted the following;
resolution; which lies over one day:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of appropriating the
sum of two hundred thousand dollars annually, for ten years,
to be applied to the removal of the obstructions in the Western
rivers, or so much thereof as may be necessary to complete
the same.
Mr. STONE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered, and agreed to:
Risolvti, That the Committee on the Poet Office and Post
?v.'nSf "'S?6!40 ™9uire int0 the expediency of bring-
ing m a bill for the benefit of Daniel S. Lane.
DEFALCATIONS.
Mr. GrARRETT DAVIS submitted the following*
resolution; which lies over one day:
„,w^T!'-Tiiat^-P?fident ofthe Unite<l States be re-
quested to infonn this House whether or not Jesse Havt
late collector of the port of New York, has or has not viola'
ted the second section of the act of Congress, entitled "An act
to repeal an act to provide for the collection, safe keepinK
transfer, and disbursement of the public revenue: and to
provide for the punishment of embezzlers of the public
money, and for other purposes."
MARINE HOSPITALS.
Mr. FRENCH offered a resolution directing the
Secretary of the Navy to communicate to this
House what progress had been made in the pur-
chase of a site for, and in the erection of, a marine
hospital on the Ohio and Mississippi rivers; which
lies over one day, under the rule.
LOUISVILLE CANAL TOLLS.
Mr. TIBBATTS submitted a series of resolu-
tions calling on the Secretary of the Treasury for
information relative to the imposition of tolls on the
Louisville and Portland canals, &c. These resolu-
tions were published in the House proceedings of
the Globe at an earlier period of the session. They
lie over for one day, under the rule.
REMOVALS FROM OFFICE.
Mr. THOMASSON offered a resolution instruct-
ing the Committee on the Judiciary to inquire into
the expediency of providing, by law, in all cases of
removal from office, that it shall be the duty of the
head of the department in which the removal shall
be made, or the officer making such removal, to
assign the reasons for such removal, or furnish
the charges which had caused it. He said he
"wished to be heard on this resolution; and therefore
it was laid over under the rule.
NAVAL DEPOT ON THE MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. BOYD offered the following resolution;
which lies over, under the rule:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency ol constructing a naval de-
pot upon the Mississippi or Ohio river, in accordance with a
recommendation contained in the report of the Secre.aryof
War, bearing date December 5th, 1840.
Mr. CALDWELL introduced a resolution in-
structing the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads to inquire into the expediency of establish-
ing a post route from Somerset, in Pulaski county,
by way of John Bobbin's, to London, in Laurel
county, Kentucky; which was adopted.
Mr. GRIDER introduced a bill, of which he had
given notice, for the benefit of the devisees or their
heirs, of a person deceased, whose name was not
distinctly heard. It was read twice, and referred to
the Committee of Claims.
Mr. C. JOHNSON gave notice of a bill to reduce
the duty on salt, &c.
TOBACCO.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON introduced the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to lay belore the House any communications that
he may have received, if, in his opinion, it be not incom-
patible with the public interests, from our ministers or
agents in other countries, m relation to the growth, pro-
duction, and trade, in the article of tobacco, -which has not
beenlieietofoie communicated to the House.
It lies over, under the rule.
CONGRESSIONAL PRINTING.
Mr. BLACKWELL introduced the following
resolution; and it was agreed to:
Resolved, That tke Clerk of the House be directed to re-
port to this House the amount of money expended for the
piinting of the House of Representatives durmg the 27th
Congress, and to whom paid; and that he also show what
would have been the amount under the resolution of the
Hous.e ofthe 11th day of June, 1841, reducing the price of
printing 20 per cent, below the price under the joint reso-
lution of the House of the 3d of March, 1843; and that he
also iniorm the House whether any and what portion of
the printing of the House for that Congress remains yet to
be executed; and also what is the probable cost of that
•which remains vet to be done,
DISTRICT SYSTEM.
Mr. A. V. BROWN, pursuant to previous no-
tice, introduced a bill to repeal the second section of
the apportionment law; which was read twice, and
committed to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. ASHE introduced a bill to authorize the es-
tablishment of a navy-yard and naval depot at
or adjacent to Memphis, in the State of Tennessee;
which was read twice, and committed to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. ,
LIABILITIES OF THE GOVERNMENT. :
Mr. DICKINSON submitted the Mowing;
which lies over one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to report to this House the liabilities that existed' against
the treasury ®n the 1st of March., 1841; and a statement
of the items that have beeapaid,and those-which remain un-
paid. Also, that he furnish a statemeut of the" revenue re-
ceived from the sales of the public lands, and from, the cus-
toms and other sources in each quarter, from tlie 1st of
March, 1841, to the present time.
Mr. G. W. JONES offered the following resolu-
tion; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Cost
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a post-route from Linchburg, Lyncoln county, Ten-
nessee, to Newmarket, Madison county Alabama, ana report
by bill or otherwise.
INDEPENDENT TREASURY.
Mr. DUNCAN offered the following resolution;
Resolved, That the Committee of "Ways and Means be,
and they are hereby, instructed to report to this House, at
as earlv a-day as possible, a bill to provide for the collec-
tion, safe-keeping, transfer, and disbursement of the public
revenue, containing such provisions, guards, and securi-
ties as will best effect the objects herein specified; and to
disconnect the Government revenue from all banking insti-
tutions.
On this he moved the previous question.
On seconding the demand for that question, tel-
lers were demanded, and Messrs. Haralson and
Dellet were appointed. They reported 81 in the
affirmative; which was deemed sufficient.
The yeas and nays were then taken on the adop-
tion of the resolution, as follows—yeas 110, nays 58:
YEAS—-Messrs. Anderson, Beardsley, Belser, Benton,
Bidlack, Edward J. Black, James Black, James A. Biapk,
Blackwell, Bossier, Bower, Bowlin, Boyd, Jacob Brinker-
hoii', Brodhead, Aaron V. Brown, Burke, Burt, Caldwell,
Campbell, Carv, Catlin, Reuben Chapman, Augustus A.
Chapman, Chilton, Cobb, Coles, Cross, Cullom, Dana,
Daniel, Richard D. Davis, Jehn W. Davis, Dillingham,
Douglass, Dromgoole, Duncan, Dunlap, Ellis, Elmer, Far-
lee, Ficklin, French, Gilmer, Hale, Hamlin, Hamfnett,
Haralson, Henley, Herrick, Holmes, Hoge, Houston, Hub-
bell, Hughes, Hungerford, James B. Hunt, Jameson, Cave
Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Preston
King, Labranche, Lucas, Lumpkin, Lyon, McCauslen,
McClelland, McClernard, McConnell, McDowell, McKay,
Moore, Norris, Owen, Parmenter, Payne, Pettit, Pratt, Rath-
bun, D. S. Reid, Reding, Relfe, Rhett, Ritter, Russell, St.
John, Saunders, Thomas H. Seymour, David L. Seymour,
Simons, Simpson, Slidell, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith,
Steenrod, Stetson, John Stewart, Stiles, Stone, Taylor,
Thompson, Tibbatts, Weller, Wentworth," Wheaton, Wil-
liams, Wilkins, Woodward, and Wright—110.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ashe, Barringer, Barnard, Mil-
ton Brown, Carroll, Chilton, Clingman, Collamer, Cranston,
Garrett Davis, Deberry, Dellet, Dickey, Dickinson, Fish,
Florence, Foot, Frick, Giddings, Willis Green, Grider,
Hardin, Harper, Hudson, Wasnington Hunt, Joseph R.
Ingersoll, Irvin, Jenks, Perley B. Johnson. Daniel P. King,
Mcllvaine, Marsh, Edw. J. Morris, Morse, Moseley, Nes,
Patterson, Peyton, E. R. Potter, Ramsey, Rodney, Rogers,
Sample, Schenck, Senter, Severance, Albert Smith, Andrew
Stewart, Thomasson, Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Vanmeter, Vin-
ton, White, and Winthrop—58.
Mr. WELLER asked and obtained leave tn in-
troduce a bill; which was read twice, and referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Mr. McDOWELL offered the* following resolu-
tion, moved its adoption, and upon that. motion de-
manded the previous question:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means ba in-
structed to report a bill so modifying the present tarifl" as to
provide a revenue sufficient for the wants of the Govern-
ment, economically administered, and with such discrimina-
tion as looks to this object, and no other."
Mr. HALE moved that the House adjourn; but
the yeas and nays being demanded, Mr. H. with-
drew the motion.
Mr. WHITE observed that the call of the States
for resolutions not having been gone through, that
would, of course, be the business for it in order to-
morrow.
The SPEAKER said he considered that the call
for resolutions from those States which had not
been called to-day, would be the regular order of
bUOn motion of Mr. VINTON,
The House then adjourned.
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day, were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
By Mr. RATHBUN: The petition ef David
BarUett, of the State of New York, for an invalid
pension. The petition of William Glover, of th«
State of New York, praying for an invalid pension.
The petition of William Slocum, of New York, for
an invalid pension; which petitions were referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. BOYD; The petition of sundry citi a*
