Feb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
115
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Dillingham.
H. of Reps.
• the banner of a man who said he had joined an abo-
lition society in his youth, and had acted in concert
with the abolitionists and thrown themselves into
their embraces, that they should be left there until
they had seen the error of their ways, and brought
forth works meet for repentance. But such con-
siderations had not influenced him. He had taken
the course which he had pursued, influenced by the
, appeals of Southern men, not so much in regard to
their rights of property, but to interests which they
held more dear, in regard to their homes, their fami-
lies, and their hearth-stones.
But it had occurred in this Congress not only that
Southern men were found voting against this rule,
but that the gentleman from iNorth Carolina was
found addressing the House in many and almost un-
swerable arguments against further sustaining it.
Now, for one, Mr. §. was disposed to take into con-
sideration whether it was not best to take the gen-
tleman at his word, and, if there were responsibility,
to let it rest with the gentleman himself. And in doing
so, Mr. E. went no further, at present, than to say
that he was disposed to recommit this subject to the
committee, having had some intimation that, in that
event, one member of the committee would ask to be
excused from serving upon it, and that his place
would be substituted, and the committee would ex-
amine the whole subject and see whether they could
Hot report a rule upon which all moderate men could
unite and put an end to this question. But when
he did this, after the facts he had referred to, let no
man charge him or his constituents with being iden-
tified with the abolitionists; let no man charge that
he was disposed to abandon the. compromises of the
Constitution. He was but acting under the solem-
nity of his oath, and with no other motive than the
good of the whole country, and for the protection of
the rights of all in what he considered the best man-
ner.
The question presented itself under the form of a
mere question of expediency. If the South, as the
gentleman from Viginia, had said, will agree upon
any manner of fighting this battle—if battle they
are determined to call it—and will come up to the
work and fire when we fire, (said Mr. B.,) and not
retreat, (ay, retreat did I say?) not go over to the ene-
my and fire upon us, then I will maintain my posi-
tion in that battle, and fight to the last. But if this
was not done, was Mr. B. to be obliged to stand in a
position on the field which he was thoroughly con-
vinced was not the best position in which he could
serve his country? When those who said they were
most interested in the subject would not come up and
sustain him in that position, was he not at liberty
to take another position? And if he did take another
position, would gentlemen shoot him down as a de-
serter? or would they not (which was all he asked)
give him an honorable discharge?
Mr. Haralson interposed, and inquired of Mr.
Bidlack who of the South had divided from the
mass of Southern gentlemen upon this subject-'
Mr. Bidlack replied that when the motion had
been made, no longer ago than day before yesterday,
to lay the subject on the table, many gentlemen had
voted against it, when, if it had been done, he
thought he was correct in saying that they would
have acted under the rules as adopted at the com-
mencement of this session, and "the 21st rule" (or
the 25th rule, as it now stood) would have been re-
enacted. For one, he was willing to a.bide by the
rules as they had been adopted, rather than submit
to this continued excitement and waste of time m
debate. He had, therefore, voted to lay the report
on rules, and all the questions connected with is, on
the table. If Southern members had been at their
posts, and had voted with him, the matter would
Lave been thus disposed of. Bist, sir, the journals
will show that some of them did not vote at all on
the question, and eight or ten of them voted against
us!! Sir, when gentlemen call upon Hercules, they
should put their own shoulder to the wheel. For one,
sir, I feel at liberty now to pursue my own course,
and shall do it fearlessly. There had been an op-
portunity presented to give tins agitation a quietus, at
least for the present, and seun-al membeis from Vir-
ginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia,
Kentucky, and Tennessee, hud refused to embrace it.
Mr. Haralson was understood to say that the
question of laying the subject on the table was a
very different thing from the direct question on the
21st rule.
Mr. Bidlack rejoined that if the establishment of
this rule was what gentlemen were really at, their
object would have been accomplished by laying this
subject upon the table.
Mr. Black requested the floor, stating that he had
voted against laying on the table, and he was desi-
rous to give his reasons therefor.
Mr. Bidlack declined to yield the floor, remarking
that he had but little time remaining, and that the
gentleman undoubtedly would have an opportunity
to state his reasons hereafter.
As he had remarked, he was in favor of recom-
mitting the subject to the committee without instruc-
tions; and in this course he contended there was
nothingsonew or preposterous as gentlemen seemed
to intimate. Had gentlemen recently read the report
of Mr. Pinckney on this point? ' In that report
Mr. P. spoke (and Mr. B. believed he was a South-
ern man) of having heard with surprise that some
Southern gentlemen were offended at having the sub-
ject sent to a committee which should examine pre-
cedents in the case. This subject, said Mr.
B., had been before Congress in 1805; and at that
time, on the question of a resolution in relation to
the abolition- of slabery in this District, the votes
had been as 47 to 65.
It would appear, from this, that it was not true,
as some seemed to suppose, that the South was
losing ground. Nothing like such an equality of
vote would now be given. It has been well said
that the peaceable adoption of this Government, un-
der all the circumstances which attended it, present-
ed the case of an effort of deliberation, combined*
with a spirit of amity and of mutual concession,
which was without example. I ask gentlemen to
profit by that exhibition.
The gentleman from South Carolina has referred
to our situation as one of mutual danger. Will not
this, if nothing else, enable us to overcome the im-
pulsive force of local interests, and the want of con-
fidence, to which so much allusion has been made?
Can nothing impress upon us the importance of
moderation in our deliberations? The question of
the extent of the right of right of petition was one
worthy of grave consideration. It was admitted
that the abridgment of the right to assemble and
petition in England had led to the adoption of the
provision in our Constitution upon that subject.
At the same time, it was contended that the right in
this country was not as valuable as in the old coun-
try, because the people here have a right to com-
mand, where the representatives are their servants.
A plain, unsophisticated mind will not readily see
why the larger does not include the lesser right. If
you may command your servant, why may you
not request, or petition? For one, when I have
made up my mmd that the abolitionists, or any
other portion of the community, are asking me to
do what cannot be done without a violation of the
Constitution which you, sir, have sworn me to sup-
port, I, for myself, do not wish to put a committee
to the trouble of investigating and determining
whether I should do it or not; but, if there are other
members that have not decided'in their own inmds,
I am willing to give them the assistance of a com-
mittee. No five members out of any nine that can
be found in this House will report against the
compromises of the Constitution, as the South it-
self understands them. Then where is the danger?
It was a maxim of the illustrious Jefferson, that
"error of opinion might be safely tolerated, while
reason was left free to combat it."
Admitting that we may refuse to legislate upon
petitions asking for a violation of the Constitution,
does it follow, as a necessary consequence, that we
may refuse to receive the application? Is it clear that
reception is an act of legislation' If so, where is it
to stopr The porty ;.i power for the time being
may reject, petitions according to their construction
of the Constitution as they umlcisuind it. At one
time it will result m the rrjection of the recrpnon of
petitions for the establishment of national bank;
for appropriations for object^ nfinterual improve-
ment; the West Point Academy, and perhaps other
objects. There if a strong argument in favor of re-
ceiving all respectful petitions, and determiningupon
what should be done with them after','vards, arising
out of the occurrence which we had witnessed yes-
terday. It appeared unsafe to depend upon the
"brief veihal statement" of the member piesentnig
them. I will not say the member might misrepre-
sent the contents of the petition, but he may easily
mistake it himself, and other members may mistake
or misunderstand bis representation of it. This, m
fact, was alleged to have occurred according to the
report of the committee made yesterday upon the
petition presented by the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. B. concluded by imploring gentlemen to look
upon this subject in a common sense view, and
neither to speak or to act upon it with excited feel-
ings.' There was no necessity for it. . Letthem de-
pend upon it, if the South would unite upon any
cotirse of action on this question at all consonant ■
with the principles of the Constitution—if they
would refer this subject to a committee, and let" that
committee and let this Congress-say they believed
in the doctrines of the report of Mr. Pinckney, the
Legislature, of his State, now in session, would
unanimously pass a resolution seconding thedoc-
trines of that report, and so far as his State Was con-
cerned, she would he found standing erect as the
"Keystone," determined, if possible, to sustain
this arch of confederated States in all time to come.
SPEECH OF ME. DILLINGHAM,
OF VERMONT,
In the House of Representatives, February 7, 1844—
On the right to hold their seats of those me&bers
elected by general "ticket.
Mr. Speaker: The question before the House
is a great and grave one; yet, as I am called updn,
in connexion with other members, to determine I
feel at liberty to discuss it; and though I do not Sx- ^
pect to do this ably, yet I will do it freely and fear-'
lessly, and I trust, at the same time, decorously.
It is necessary, first, to ascertain what powers &re
conferred by the constitution of the United States
upon Congress, and what upon the legislatures of
the several States,touching the representation of the
States in Congress.
The second section of the constitution gives to
Congress the sole power of determining, once in ten
years, the number of representatives cach State is en-
titled to. In the determination of that question, the
States have novoice, no power,given orreserved. No
State ever'denied the possession, or challenged the ex-
ercise, of this power by Congress. Under this provis-
ion, Congress has always faithfully determined,"and
speedily made known to the several States the num-
ber of representatives to which they are entitled.
This provision is in these words:
"Representatives and direct taxes shall be appor-
tioned among the several States which may be in-
cluded in this Union, according to their respectiv*
numbers; which shall be determined by adding to
the whole number of free persons, including those
bound to service for a term of years, and excluding
Indians not taxed, three-fifths of all other peraofts.
The actual enumeration shall be made within three
years after the first meeting of the Congress of the
United States, and within every subsequent term of ten
years, in such manner as they shall by law direct. The
number o f representatives shall not exceed one for
every thirty thousand, but each State shall have at
least one representative."
And in the same section, the qualifications of voters
are thus prescribed:
"The House of Representatives shall be com-
posed of members chosen every second year by the
people of the several States, and the electors in each
State shall have the qualifications requisite for elec-
tors of the most numerous branch of the State legis-
lature."
Under this clause, the qualifications of voters, or
electors, are left with the several States, each regu-
lating the subject as it sees fit; and Congress cannot
interfere in the matter.
The next inquiry is, where does the constitution
vest the power to prescribe the regulations; or, in
other words, to make the laws necessary to enable
the electors of the States to elect the representatives
to (Jongro.-i to winch each is entitled? Another
branch of the constitution (See. 4) furnishes the an-
swer, a; follows: "The times, places, and manner
of .ito elections for senators and representatires,
shall 1 e, prescribed in each State by the legtsinture
thereof: but the Congress may at any time, by law,
make or alter such regulations, except as to the plucc
of choosing senators."
It mio-ht have been supposed, that when this im-
perntntf command had been given to the States to
do this duty, nothing more would have been neces-
sary; but it seems that the franiers of the constitu-
tion entertained the opinion that some of the States,
either from negligr nee or contumacy, or some other
motive, might fail to have themselves represented in
Congress; that if one State did so, another might:
and that, consequently, there miglu be a failure of
the government established for the Union.
1 cannot, for a moment, think that the framers of
the constitution contemplated that Congress would
ever exercise the power of prescribing the
