102
CONGRESSIONAL GtOfcfc.
delay, he would hare no objection to postponing it
till to-morrow or next day.
Mr. MOREHEAD observed that the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Relations
[Mr. Archer] had not been, of late, as was well
known by the Senate, in a condition of health
which would enable him to look into the subject, or
to examine precedents; and it was with a view of af-
fording that gentleman, as well as ethers, an oppor-
tunity of inquiry, thathe (Mr. M.) had renewed the
motion—not for the purpose of interfering with the
object of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. ALLEN said he waa willing, under those
circumstances, that the resolution should be post-
poned to Monday.
Mr. MOREHEAD inquired if there was not a
special order for that day?
The CHAIR answered in the negative; and,
On motion by Mr. ALLEN, the resolution was
laid over till Monday next.
Mr. MERRICK remarked that, some days ago,
a resolution was adopted, on his suggestion, calling
upon the Postmaster General to furnish copies of
certain accounts, kept in all the post-offices in the
United States, of the letters, papers, and pamphlets,
passing through the mails during the month of Oc-
tober. He found, on inquiry, that those accounts
comprise two or three large volumes. To make
copies of them would incur a heavy and unnecessa-
ry expense. He therefore proposed to supersede
the eajl by a resolution in a modified form—calling
for a synopsis of those accounts. The resolution
was read as follows:
JResolved, That the Posmaster- General be directed to fur-
nl&h the Senate with a synopsis of the account he caused to be
kept of the number of letters, newspapers, pamphlets, <fcc.,
which passed through the mails of the United States during
the month of October last; and that the copies of said accounts
called for by the resolution of the Senate of the 2d day of Janu-
ary be dispensed with.
The resolution was agreed to.
THE LORD'S DAY.
Mr. MERRICK said he had received a copy of a
circular letter from some gentlemen in Baltimore city,
who styled themselves the friends of the Lord's
day, accompanied with a request that he would have
it read to the Senate. Those gentlemen, he believed,
proposed to hold a convention in that city for the
purpose of taking measures to induce or promote a
more strict observance of that day as a day of rest
from worldly employments. He desired to be par-
ticularly respectful to those gentlemen. He would
treat their request with all due respect, but he did
not think the circular was one proper to be present-
ed to the Senate. He had no doubt it originated
from the most pure and elevated motives; and, as it
was perfectly respectful in language, he hoped it
would be read as was desired. lie presented it for
that purpose.
The CHAIR remarked that, as the circular was
not addressed to the Senate, and was not connected
with any business pending before that body, he did
not think that it was in order to have it read, except
by permission of the Senate.
Mr. BENTON then objected to the reading of the
circular.
Mr. MERRICK said the circular was not ad-
dressed to the Senate, but to him, with a request that
it should be read to the Senate. Its object was to
promote the general observance of the Lord's day;
anil as this body have all proper respect for that day,
he did not think they would be commitling any
great impropriety in acceding to the wish of those
addressing the circular, though it not propose any
legislative action. He submitted to the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. HAYWOOD remarked that he had been
placed upon two committees of the Senate—the
Committee on Claims and the Committee on Private
Land Claims. From his little experience since he
had been engaged in the business of the latter com-
mittee, he was convinced that he could not att&nd to
the duties of both committees. He therefore wished
to be excused from serving on the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
The question was taken, and he was excused.
"On motion of Mr. HAYWOOD, the President pro
tem. was empowered to.appoint another member to
fill the vacancy.
Mr. FULTON gave notice that he would, on to-
morrow, ask leave to introduce a joint resolution to
extend the franking privilege to the ex-Vice Pres-
idents of the United States.
Mr. BREESE submitted the following resolution;
\vhieh was agreed to, viz:.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of establish-
ing a post route from Carlysle, by Hanover and Marcoutch, to
Belleville, in St. Clair county, in the State of Illinois.
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON, the Senate
proceeded to consider, as in committee of the whole,
the bill for the relief of Edward Kinnard.
The bill directs the Treasurer of the United States
to pay to said Kinnard the sum of #50; being the
the amount of a penalty inflicted on and paid by him
in New Orleans, for not having, as by law, directed
his name endorsed on the register of the ship Pac-
toltts, of which he was commander.
Mr. HAYWOOD, though averse to taking up the
time of the Senate, felt himself bound to oppose the
further consideration of this bill. It was not, he
contended, a case for the Senate to act on; it being
expressly provided by the laws of the United States,
- that where a forfeiture or fine is incurred under said
laws, the individual incurring such, if he finds or
considers himself aggrieved, has his remedy in ap-
plying to the district judge, giving sufficient notice
to the district attorney, and producing in court such
proofs as he may be possessed of, to substantiate his
claim to relief. In the present case, these steps have
not been taken; and he must, therefore, oppose any
action on the bill by the Senate.
Mr. HUNTINGTON agreed with Mr. Hat-
wood in his view of the law, but supposed that he
had not taken into consideration the fact, that money
once paid into the treasury for fines or otherwise,
could not be refunded without a special act. In the
present case, the money was so paid; and so satisfied
were the officers in whose hands the power lay, that,
if the application had been made to them in time,
accompanied by the proofs since submitted, that the
offence was altogether accidental, they would have
at once remitted the penalty. The committee to
whom the case had been referred, fully satisfied
themselves that there was nothing wilful to be com-
plained of in the matter, felt it their duty to report
the bill.
Mr. HAYWOOD contended against the principle
of the Senate entertaining. such claims, when the
law provided so abundantly for their adjustment
elsewhere; but if (he said) a claim must come be-
fore this body, the person so claiming must have
something stronger to advance than that the omis-
sion for "which he has been fined was caused by
neglect: lie must be able to show that it was the elfect
of accident, or other cause, over which he could
have no control. Ignorance of the law, especially
in the present case, could not be received as an ex-
cuse. The captain or commander of a ship, it must
be assumed, cannot be ignorant of a law so gener-
ally known and interesting to those of his profes-
sion. If so, it only proves him unfit for his situa-
tion; and the prayer for refunding is, therefore, on
the ground that he did not know his duty. It was,
he maintained, an act of wilful negligence, and, as
such, not meriting the favorable consideration of the
Senate.
Mr. HUNTINGTON briefly replied that the
committee was convinced that the omission was
not wilful; that this captain had no intention to vio-
late the law; that it was a mere mistake, and a very
natural one, too, under the circumstances of the
case. It was by mere accident that the name was
omitted to be written on the register.
There being no further debate, the bill was report-
ed to the Senate, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the Senate proceed-
ed to the consideration of Executive business; and,
after a short time spent therein, the doors were
opened; and
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was then considered, and agreed to, viz:
Resolved, That the Fiesident of the United States b3 re-
quested to communicate to the Senate all the correspondence in
the War Department in relation to the proceedings and con-
duct of the OhoetaT" commission, now sitting m the State of
Mississippi, on the Dancing Rabbit Creek treaty.
On motion, it was agreed that, when the Senate
adjourn, it adjourn to meet on Monday next. Then,
On motion by Mr. EVANS.
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 4, 1844.
The journal was read and approved.
REVENUE TARIFF.
Mr. TIBBATTS said he wished to give notice
that he intended, at the proper time, to move for the
reconsideration of the vote on the rejection of ths
resolution offered yesterday by the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Black,] for the revision of the
tariff.
The SPEAKER informed the gentleman that it
would then be in order to make that motion.
Mr. TIBBATTS accordingly moved to reconder
the. vote on the rejection of the said resolution;
whMa was then read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be in-
structed to report a bill, as soon as practicable, revising the
present tariff, and imposing duties on imports on the prin-
ciple ot revenue only.
Mr. BLACK inquired whether it would be in or-
der to move for a call of the House before taking
the vote on the question; and being answered by the
Speaker in the affirmative, he made that motion.
Mr. PAYNE suggested to the gentleman to let
his motion lie over for the present.
Mr. BLACK replied, that if the gentleman would
give him any good reason for letting his motion lie
over, he would accede to his request.
Mr. PAYNE said he wished to avoid the con-
sumption of time, as the same subject would come
up to-day on the resolution of the gentleman from
Ohio.
The question on ordering a call of the House was
then put, and carried.
Mr. McCLERNARD inquired if the unfinished
business of yesterday, being the call on the States
for resolutions, would not first come up.
The SPEAKER replied that the call of the House
and motion for a reconsideration being privileged
questions, would have the preference over all other
business.
Mr. SAUNDERS asked if the resolution of the
gentleman from Ohio, on the subject of the tariff,
would not come up to-day. If so, the object of
the gentleman could be best attained by taking the
question on that resolution.
The SPEAKER, said that resolution would be the
first in order after finishing the business then before
the House.
The call of the House was then proceeded with;
resulting in 173 members having answered to their
names.
The absentees were then called, when it was as-
certained that 184 members were present.
Mr. WELLER observed that all the members
who were in the city were no doubt in attendance.
He would, therefore, move that all further proceed-
ings under the call be dispensed with.
This motion was agreed to.
Mr. TIBBATTS now moved the reconsideration
of the vote of yesterday on Mr. Black's resolution,
with the view of offering the following as a substi-
tute:
Resolved, That the Commiitee of Ways and Means be in-
structed to report a bill so modifying the present tariff of du-
ties on imports asto provide, with the other resources ofthe
treasury, a revenue sufficient for, and limned to, the warns of
the Government, economically administered; and with such
discrimination, as shall not operate oppressively on one part of
the community lor the benefit of another.
Mr. SAUNDERS moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table; which was agreed to.
Mr. S. then moved the previous question on the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. McDow-
eil,] which now came up in order.
This resolution was offered at a late hour yester-
day, and the previous question was demanded on
it; but the House adjourned before any action was
had thereon.
The resolution was in the following terms:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be in-
structed to report a bill so modifying the present tariff as to
provide a levenue sufficient for the wants of the Government
economically ailmmisteied, 'and with such discrimination as
looks to this ohjectand no other.
Mr. RHETT called for tellers, and Messrs
Winthrop and Payne were appointed; and they
reported 81 in the affirmative, and 21 in the nega-
tive. The previous question having been seconded,
and the mam question ordered—
Mr. "WELLER called for the yeas and nays on
the adoption of the resolution, and they were or-
dered; and being taken, resulted—yeas 84, nays
102, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Belser, Benton, Edward J. Black, James
A Black, Bossier, Bower, Bowlin, Boyd, Jacob Brinkerlioft,
Aaron V. Brown, William J. Brown, Burke, Burt, Cald'
well, Campbell, Reuben Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman,
Clinton. Cobb, Coles, Cross, Cullom, Daniel, John W. Da-
vis, Pellet, Dickinson, Douglass, Duncan, Dunlap, Ficldin,
Gilmer, B. Green, Hale, Hamlin, Hammutt, Haralson, Her-
rick, Holmes, Hoge, Houston, Hughes, J. B. Hunt, Jameson,
Cave Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Kenne-
dy, Labranche, Leonard, Lewis, Lucas, Lumpkin, Lyon,
McCauslen, McClernand, McConnell, McDowell, McKay,
Mathews, Moore, Norris, Owen, Payne, Pettit, Emery J>.
