116  APPENDIX frQ THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Dillingham.
Feb. 1844.
•28th Cong 1st Sess.
H. of Reps.
place, and manner of holding these elections, if the
States themselves acted. They supposed it to be a
high and delicate power, reserved to be used only in
case of necessity—that necessity to be demonstrated
only when it was apparent that the States them-
selves, from some cause or other, failed to carry out
their powers so as to be represented here.
In 1842, Congress passed a law entitled "an act
for the apportionment of representatives among the
several States, according to the sixth census." The
first section of this act contains a full and perfect
apportionment of representatives to each State, and
nothing more. They then add a second section in
these words:
"And be it further enacted, That in every case
where a State is entitled to more than one represent-
ative, the number to which each State shall be en-
titled under this apportionment, shall be elected by
districts, composed of contiguous territory, equal in
number to the number of representatives to which
said State may be entitled, no one district electing
more than one representative."
Under this section, pretended to be bottomed on
the 4th section of the constitution above quoted, this
unhappy conflict between the Congress and the
State legislatures has arisen.
That every member here holds his seat by an
election under State laws that prescribed time, place,
and manner in full, is not denied. The objection,
and the only one, to the right of members from New
Hampshire, Georgia, Mississippi, and Missouri, to
hold their seats here, is, that the legislatures of those
States, in their laws prescribing the time, place, and
manner of electing their representatives, disregarded
the requirements of that 2d section of the act of
Congress of 1842, by which they were required to
elect by single districts.
We shall soon see that the framers of the consti-
tution never intended, or expected, that Congress
should, or would, exercise the power over this sub-
ject thus amply given to them, but in those cases
where some State or States neglected, refused, or
were unable, to comply with the duty imposed upon
them of prescribing all necessary laws on this sub-
ject. The constitution made it the duty of the States
to exercise this power. It also reserved to Con-
gress the right to exercise it, in their discretion.
The government of this Union, which was then be-
ing brought into existence by the energies of that
constitution, would depend much, perhaps entirely,
for its safety and perpetuity, on the constant and
unbroken representation from each State m the Con-
gress of the United States. And if the States did
not, or would not, do their duty in this respect, the
Union would be dissolved, unless the same power
was lodged elsewhere. And where, else could it be
lodged so safely as with Congress, inasmuch as their
existence depended on this great avenue of repre-
sentation being always kept open? Consequently,
this high and delicate trust was committed to them.
It was hoped and expected that they never would
use it but to preserve the Union, when it was likely
to fail through the faithlessness of its several mem-
bers. That this power might be abused by Congress,
was well known: that it has been, is now equally
true.
Congress, without the existence of one single
cause or contingency which the framer# of the con-
stitution supposed would ever call forth its exercise,
have at least attempted its exercise; and if they have
failed, it is because the fear that attends the perpe-
tration of a wrong rendered them too timid to ef-
fectuate their purpose.
This power of prescribing time, place, and man-
ner of elections for members of Congress, by the
constitution, is not bestowed ill moieties upon the
States and Congress, but the entire power is given
to each.
If either exercise tlie power, they must exercise
the full, entire power, or their iegisIaUOR^s void.
When representatives are elected, the voters look to
but one code of laws, and that code must-be furnish-
ed by the State, or by Congress.
L: each State, and in Congress, this power is
eqi* ; it is plenary; neither lacks anything that the
other can supply; and when either acts, it must do
ail that 'he constitution requires to be done. This
power, having l>y the constitution been thus conferred
entirely upon the Stntes and upon Congress, it may
be nskcd what will be the consequence, should a
State leo-isuititre and Congress both act with regard
10 that State, each by its laws, prescribing, mall
needful particulars, the times, places, and manner of
the elections1 Sn, 1 concede that the election in that
sase must be made m conformity with the laws of
Congress, just as it would had the State done noth-
ing. But if, in its code of legislation on this subject,
Congress fails to make it so perfect that an election
can be made under it, that is a perfect non user of the
power by Congress; and the State legislation, if en-
tire and perfect, is as legal as though Congress had
not attempted to act. Suppose a State legislature
should, in prescribing the laws for- a congressional
election, fix times, places, and so much of the man-
ner as to enact that the representatives must be elect-
ed by districts, but fails entirely to createthe dis-
tricts: here would be inextricable confusion; no
election could be made under the law, and it would
remain inoperative. In such case, the State cannot
be represented in Congress; and, if the State legisla-
ture acts no further, Congress must. How shall
they do it' Certainly by making entire and full pro-
visions. Should they enact that A and B should
be a district, and C and D another, and stop there,
there could be no election under their law, because
there was no time, place, or residue of the man-
ner prescribed by it. True, they might, by their
enactment, adopt the Stats law in all these particu-
lars, as their own, and thus make their system com-
plete, so that an ^election could be held under it.
When Congress began its legislation in the District
of Columbia, in an act of six lines it adopted all the
State laws of Virginia and Maryland, then in force,
as the laws of the District. Those laws then ceased
to be State laws, and became the laws of Congress,
as much as though enacted word by word at length.
There are clauses in the constitution where State
action, and State legislation are required, in con-
nexion with the power and legislation of Congress.
The provision relating to the militia is one of these;
then Congress and each State must legislate upon
different branches of the same subject, in order to
effectuate the provision of the constitution on that
subject. These cases furnish no authority against
the position I am contending for. On this subject
there can be no patch-work legislation—Congress
furnishing the black, and the States the white, red,
and blue. Sir, am I right? Let vis look back and
see what those who framed the constitution, and
those who adopted it, thought on this subject.
When the draft of the constitution., as it
came from the convention which framed it, was pre-
sented for adoption to the States, this particular
feature of it was everywhere productive of great
heart-burnings. So strong was the objection to it
it Virginia, that it took all the powers, all the cool-
ness, and all the personal influence of Mr. Madison
to reconcile the objections in any degree to this arti-
cle; and the ground he took was that it was a
power which never would be abused by Congress.
Mr. Monroe inquired the reasons which could have
induced him to give his assent to such a provision;
and his answer was that it was impossible the con-
stitution should have prescribed the time, place, and
manner of holding congressional elections in all the
States; and that, should the States neglect to do it,
there might be a total failure of representation, and
thus the Union, which they were endeavoring to
form, might be totally overthrown. For this reason
they had reserved in the hands of Congress this high
power.
On this subject, he said: "were they (mean-
ing the time, place, and manner of holding
elections) exehtsively under the control of the State
governments, the general government might easily
be dissolved. But if they be regulated properly by
the State legislatures, the congressional control will
very properly never he exercised."
Mr. Nicholas, another member of the. convention,
oil this same subject, said: "It is absurd to suppose
that Congress will exert this power, or change the
time, place, or manner established by the States, if
the States will regulate them in a proper manner, or
so as not to defeat the purposes of the Union." On
another day, when this subject was pressed vtpon
him by Pulnck Henry, who was also a member of
the convention. Mr. Madison (his own pure heart
dictating the answer) replied in substance, that no
Congress would ever be found so corrupt, or lost to
patriotic feelings, as to abuse this sacred power,
thus intrusted to their hands; and, as if clothed with
the spirit of prophecy, he uttered the prediction
that, should such a thing happen, they would be
marked by the reprobation of the country, and
other men would be put in their places. And when I
look round and see that almost the whole of this
House of Representatives are new men, I almost
fancy that the spirit of the prophets rested upon
him when he uttered that prediction.
In the Massachusetts convention this same grant
of power to Congress was stoutly opposed, on the
ground that it would be abused. The friends of
that grant of power to Congress placed the necessi-
ty for retaining it in the constitution on four distinct %
grounds. There was, at that time, a great ap-
Erehension generally prevailing of collisions arising
etween the two Houses of Congress, and- feara
were entertained lest the Senate should insist on
such regulations in the States, in reference to elec-
tions, as would operate unduly to control the action
of the people in freely choosing their representatives
in the other body. Hence it was argued that Con-
gress, as a whole, should have control over the sub-
ject. Another ground taken was, that the States
might neglect to make the necessary provisions aa
to the time, place, and manner of holding elections,
either from Its being inconvenient to do so, or from
their negligence and carelessness on the subject.
Another ground was, that theStates might be sullen
and contumacious, and abstain from acting, with
an express purpose of defeating and destroying the
federal government. And the last reason given
was, that it might happen, in time of war or inva-
sion by a foreign enemy, that, the State capitals
being in possession of the foe, the legislature might
be physically prevented from acting.
In all the debates in Virginia, Massachusetts,
New York, and some other State conventions, that I
have looked into, I have not found a single man who
held, or even seemed to dream, that there ever would
be such a thing thought of as joint legislation between
he Congress and any State or States, in the exer-
cise of this power—Congress contributing the salt,
and a State the pepper, to this legislative hotch-potch.
On the other hand, all the friends of the provision
advocated it on the ground that its use by
Congress would only be in cases of necessity;
that necessity could only exist when a State (or
States) neglected, refused, or was unable to act; or, if
acting at all, acting with a view to destroy the
Union. Hence every supposed case, when it was
anticipated that Congress would exercise this pow-
er, was one in which the State could not or would
not aid the general government by any legislation
of its own. And now, sir, what do we see? From the
adoption of the constitution down to this day, every
State has constantly and continually provided full
and ample legislative provisions for the full and
proper use of this elective franchise; yet sir, we are
now, on this very subject, in the midst of conflict and
confusion. And why? Has Congress passed any
law, either altering any State laws, or making new
ones, so that by virtue of congressional legislation,
any member could have been elected from any State?
No—nothing of the kind. No one pretends it; all
the members here are elected under State laws that
have prescribed the time, place and manner of such
elections. The friends of the second section of the
act of 1842, can but concede mot©, that it amounts
only to a direction or mandate, from Congress to
the States, commanding them how to exercise the
power vested in them, not by Congress, but by the
constitution. Sir, this mandate was not only uncon-
stitutional, but irritating and insulting to the States.
Congress is not master and they servants in this
matter. The States see, in the constitution, ample,
unstinted power given to them to regulate, as they
see fit, the subject of time, place and manner of elec-
tions of members to Congress. The power granted
to Congress, and the oniy one, is, that when they
are dissatisfied with State provisions on this subject,
they may take the whole matter from the States, W
the enactment of laws of their own, ample and suffi-
cient in themselves to enable the electors to choose
and return here the representatives to which they
are entitled. If Congress neglect or fail to do this,
then the power remained with the States; and it
was their duty, as they have done, to send their
representatives here in such manner as they chose
to prescribe.
Thus this second section of the law of 1842, lack-
ing amplitude and provisions which could guide
the electors of any State in the Union to the election
of a single member, dwindles down into a com-
mand; and, being a command from a body having
no power to give it, is null and void. It is a dead-
letter—a body that never was quickened with a soul.
Mr. Speaker, I have heard it asserted, in this
House and elsewhere, that this act of Congress of
1842, as it contained an apportionment of represent-
atives must be constitutional; as though, because
the first section was constitutional, the second must
be so too.
This argument is too full of fallacy to_deceive
the weakest mind.
!
We all grant that the se&>
