Jan. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nr
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Payne.
H. of Reps.
tion of that law is constitutional. Now suppose,
instead of the second section as it is, Congress had
added a second section establishing an order of no-
bility, or setting up an established religion: would
m that have been constitutional? Certainly not. The
" salt of the constitutional section could not have savored
the last, neither would the corruption of the last
have tainted the former. Here, then, was a great
and conservative power of the constitution, vested
in Congress as a place of sanctuary, to be brought
out aaa used when there would otherwise be unrep-
resented States in Congress, through the faithless-
ness or want of power to act in State legislatures.
With Congress, that power rested and slumbered
for more than half a century; and then, without
cause, and seemingly from a mere love of mischief,
it is waked up, and used only to taunt and insult
the States, in a manner likely to arouse their State
pride, and bring them, ere long, into determined con-
flict with Congress.
Let me submit this matter to a practical test. This
full and entire control over the prescribing the rules for
the election of representatives is given to Congress,
so that neglect or contumacy on the part of one or
all of the State legislatures should never be able to cut
off their representation, and thereby endanger or de-
stroy the Union. Now, under this second section,
or mandamus clause of the apportionment law, sup-
pose that a few of the other States had acted with
these four, and, by giving the same general-ticket
system the preference, representatives had been
elected to this Congress to the number of 112, one
more than half of the whole number, (223.) If one
of these is not entitled to a seat, the whole 112
• would be in the same condition; and there being but
111 duly elected members, (less than a quorum,)
they could, do nothing. They could not legislate,
either to repeal the law thus working out destruc-
tion, or to amend it, so that representatives could be
ehosen under it, independent of State legislation.
Had such a state of things happened, then, sir, in
that hour, this government would have been dis-
solved! There would not be a Congress for any pur-
pose, because one branch of it would be extinct—
palsied to death by its own sting. No appropria-
tions could be made, or other legislative act done.
Treaty stipulations with foreign nations would go
unfulfilled; the officers of the general government
must retire to private life; our pensioners go to the
poor-houses; our army must disband and beg, or
turn bandits, and rob; our navy, too, must rot, or
turn pirates, and, vampire-like, destroy and live
upon that commerce it was created to protect. What
a picture! and all done by the action of the Congress
to whom was committed the high and holy trust of
preserving the Union from this danger. Sir, the
world, looking upon the ruin of our government,
would say it "died as a fool dieth." That Congress,
which was sworn to protect, had put fire to the tem-
ple, and perished in the flames.
It is in vain to tell us, Mr. Speaker, that this sec-
ond section found favor with some States. A great
majority elected by districts before this enactment;
ana if any have changed since, out of comity, or
from a wish of their people to adopt that mode as
the best, it is all very well. But the question is,
does it bind those States who think the general-
ticket system better, and have followed it? The
friends of this section admit that it was not ad-
dressed to the voters, prescribing to them how to
elect representatives, but was a law to the States,
requiring them to prescribe to the electors a mode
•which Congress thought was the best. Here, sir, is
the difficulty. The command was addressed to an
. equal, not to an inferior. These States properly re-
plied, "No; we shall not do it. You have the priv-
ilege of legislating for our voters in this matter, if
you' choose; and if you do legislate, you may pre-
scribe what regulations you please as to time, place,
and manner. You have power to do this your-
selves, but no power to compel us to do it for you.
If you do not exercise the power, it is made our du-
ty to do it; and the constitution gives us the power
to do it as we see fit." These States have acted on
their high responsibilities of what they thought
was the best mode. In doing this, they have not
transcended the powers given them by the constitu-
tion; .and their acts must stand.
In continuation, Mr. D. said he had always sup-
posed it to have been the intention of the framers of
the constitution to keep the powers of the federal
and the State governments entirely separate from
each other; and if, in any part of their work, that ef-
fort was manifest, it was evident in this very mat-
' ter. He had been educated in a profound reverence
for the power of Congress as conferred by the na-
tional charter; but he had been also taught to cherish
an equal degree of reverence for State legislative
power, when it also was exercised in conformity with
the constitution. While, therefore, he could never
lightly pass over or set aside the authority of a law
of Congress, he was just as fearless in forming and
in declaring a judgment as to the constitutionality of
such a law, as of a law passed by State and authority
only. In the present case, they were called, on the
one hand, to examine the expressed will of the Con-
gress of the United States; and on the other, the ex-
pressed will of four sovereign States of this Union;
and to say which of these wills was in conformity
with the constitution. He had no "hesitation in de-
claring it as his deliberate judgment, that, as Con-
gress had failed to furnish a law according to which
the people of the States might be represented in the
House of Representatives, the power conferred on
the States to do this for themselves remained with
these four States, and that, therefore, their represen-
tatives had been constitutionally elected.
Mr. D. observed, in conclusion, that he should
have said nothing on the present occasion, had not
some of the gentlemen claiming to be protestors, at
the opening of the session, advanced grave charges
against those who happened to differ from them in
opinion: they had intimated that such gentlemen
had "dipped their souls in perjury while the kiss of
the Evangelists yet trembled upon their lips." The*
only possible excuse of palliation he could conceivc
of for the use of language like this, was, that men
conscious of their own personal frailty and corrup-
tion were naturally disposed to judge of the conduct
of others as having a like origin.
SPEECH OF MR. PAYNE,
of alabama,
In the Hovse of Representatives, January 24, 1844—
On the motion of Mr. Black of Georgia to amend
the motion of Mr. Duomgoole of Virginia to
recommit the report of the Select Committee on
the Rules, by instructing them to report to the
House the following rule, viz:
"No petition, memorial", resolution, or other pa-
per praying the abolition of slavery in the District
of Columbia, or any State or Territory, or the slave-
trade between the States or Territories of the United
States in which it now exists, shall be received by
this House, or entertained in any way whatever."
Mr. PAYNE rose and spoke to the following
effect:
" Mr. SrEAKER: The character of this debate, its
duration and the consequences which must result
from our action after it, forces me, much against my
will, to ask the attention of the House for a few
moments.
Sir, throughout this discussion, gentlemen upon
the opposite side have sudiously avoided the true
question at issue; and have maintained that it is the
deliberate design of those who oppose the adoption
of this report, to abridge, or to deny to the people
of the United States the right of peaceably assem-
bling; to petition Congress for a redress of grievances.
Nothing is furtherfrom the truth. I nowstate, in view
of the nation, it is not so. No man from the South,
or from any other section of the Union, so far as I
know or believe, would, if he had the power, abridge,
or interfere otherwise, with the right of petition.
The constitution of the United States, in the first
article of the amendments, declares that "Congress
shall make no law respecting an establishment
of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof;
or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press;
or the right of the people peaceably to assemble,
and to petition Congress for a redress of grievances."
These are limitations imposed by the constitution
upon the legislative power of Congress. When—at
what time did the South ever seek to destroy or
diminish one single limitation imposed upon the
legislation of Congress. The truth is, all of our
complaints have been, and are now, founded upon
the well known fact that the limitations of the con-
stitution have been broken down by federal legis-
lation, against our will, and without our co-opera-
tion.
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Rhett]
has said that the right to petition Congress is a per-
sonal right, of which Congress cannot, by law, de-
prive the citizen. In this opinion I fully concur.
Why, then, the continued howling from the advo-
cates of this report upon the right of petition. I
will impugn the motives of no man; but I* ask the
question, Can it be that those gentlemen, conscious
of the want of those high moral and intellectual at-
tributes necessary to command the confidence of
their fellow men, and, by that confidence, pow^r and
place, are now seeking to raise a storm in the pub-
lic mind, that they may "ride upon the whirlwind
and direct it?" Be that as it may, there is a species
of fraud, deception, and demagoguism in such a
course, alike incompatible with the dignity of this
House and the best interests of our common coun-
try.
Sir, I take this occasion to repeat, that we of tile
South not only admit the right of die people to pe-
tition Congress to be illimitable, but we also admit
the right of the people to determine upon what sub-,
jects they will petition Congress to be coextensive
with the right of petition; and, although I believe
Congress may refuse to receive a petition, for any
one of three reasons—viz:' 1st, if the prayer of the
petition is unconstitutional; 2d, inexpedient; 3dly, dis-
respectful in language—nevertheless, for the pur-
poses of this argument, I shall concede it to be the
duty of Congress to receive petitions upon all sub-
jects upon which we can constitutionally legislate,
but no farther—not an inch beyond this point.
Sir, it may be supposed that, by refusing to
ceive, we refuse to hear the petitions of the abolition-
ists. Nothing is further from the truth. There
never was a petition of this character presented, the
contents of which were not known and fully under-
stood by the House, cither by being read at the ta-
ble of the Clerk, or by a succinct statement of the
contents, made by the member who presents the pe-
tition. And when the question is submitted, "Shal!
the petition be received?" the vote upon that ques-
tion proclaims the judgment of the House upon the
propriety or impropriety of granting the prayer of
the petitioners. This consideration and action by
the House, upon the petition, are all the petitioners
have a right to demand, unless the right of the peo-
ple to petition implies the duty of Congress to grant
the prayer of the petitioners, expedient or inexpedi-
ent, constitutional or unconstitutional.^
Sir, it is not for the right of petition the advo-
cates of this report are contending upon this floor.
That right has never been assailed. To suppose that
it has been, is an error; to pretend that it has been, is
a hypocritical deception, intended to deceive the peo-
ple for the accomplishment of selfish ends or party
purposes.
The object of the advocates of this report, is the
abolition of slavery. That is, the abolition of the
rights of private property in this District. And let
me warn gentlemen who are cooperating with the
abolitionists, that they are asserting, by their action,
the legitimacy of this dangerous and despotic
power.
Has Congress the power to deprive the citizen of
his private property within this District? That is
the question upon the decision of which the duty
of Congress to receive, or refuse to receive; these
petitions, depends.
As a preliminary question, it would possibly not
be amiss to settle the fact whether the people of this
District have or have not property in their slaves.
I shall not advert to original principles for this pur-
pose. I may be permitted to remark, however, that
slavery has existed, in some form or other, from the
earliest history of .the world down to the present
hour. It is the attendant of civilization and knowl-
edge, and necessarily results from the dependence of
the ignorant and weak upon the more powerful and
intelligent of their neighbors. Man, in his half
civilized condition, imperiously needs a variety of
articles necessary to his comfort and subsistence. If
he has not the intelligence to procure these articles of
necessity himself, he must look to others to procure
them for him. Again: he needs protection against
lawless violence, from which he is too ignorant or too
weak to protect himself. Can he expect to procure
all of these necessaries and this protection .gratui-
tously? If not, what compensation can he make?
Personal service only; the performance of those ne-
cessary menial duties which his protector or master
does not wish to perform himself. Hence it is, the
more civilized and enlightened a people become, the
more certainly slavery exists among them. Wheth-
er this fact is to be attributed to a wise preordination
of God to have the weaker portion of his race secure-
ly protected and properly provided for, or whether
it results solely from the power of mind orer matter,
it is not necessary for me to inquire; nor shall 1
repine at that economy of Providence which is as
imperative as it is universal.
