118
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Payne.
H. of Reps.
Sir, I have digressed from the subject. My object
is to inquire how the people of this District acquired
property in slaves." This District is composed of
territory taken from the States of Maryland and Vir-
ginia; and their right to this species of property was
acquired before the surrender. Did Maryland and
Virginia engage in a crusade against liberty to estab-
lish" slavery? Did the people of those States, in some
disastrous battle, strike down a whole race, and, by
arms, reduce a nation of freemen to slavery? Far
from it; the title to this property was acquired peace-
ably, by purchase from previous owners for a
vsdtiable consideration, and precisely as all other
property is acquired, with this single exception—the
purchase was not voluntary. Many of the Ameri-
can colonies were, at that day, opposed to slavery; but
England was then the most extensive "slave-trader"
upon earth. The same feeling of avarice which led
to that inhuman traffic, induced her to widen the mar-
ket for slaves, by forcing each colonist to purchase
four slaves for each one hundred acres of land own-
ed by him; and this very nation which forced slave-
ry upon the then colonies, against their consent,
now affects a sentimental horror at the existence of
slavery.
Sir, 'why this affected horror at the existence of
slavery? Can it be because now the moral sense of the
world is against the "traffic," and itis to her no longer
a source of revenue, that she wishes to atone for
her own guilt and degraded avarice, by leading the
crusade against the existence of slavery in its mild-
est form, in those countries in which had been
planted by her own hands? If she is moved by true
repentance and real philanthropy, let her turn to the
crimes she is daily perpetrating upon her own peo-
ple. Let her lighten the burdens and exactions
wrung from squalid poverty, to pamper an aristoc-
racy as contemptible as it is expensive; let her free
herself from the guilt of her own infamous policy;
let her feed and clothe her naked and starved mil-
lion,—and she will be much better and more profitably
employed, and will subserve the cause of humanity
vastly more than she can possibly do by interfering
in the domestic policy of other nations.
Sir, I have said the right of property in slaves was
acquired by purchase. Did existing laws recog-
nise the right of property in slaves? As proof upon
this point, I call the attention of the House to the read-
ing of the Maryland statute of 1715, the title to which
is as follows: "Be it enacted by the King's most ex-
cellent Majesty, by and with the consent of his Ma-
jesty's governor, council, and assembly," &c. Then
comes the law:
"Chapter 44, Sec. 22. Be it also enacted by] the au-
thority aforesaid, That all negroes, and other slaves,
already imported, or hereafter to he imported, into
this province, and all children now born, or hereafter
to be born, of such negroes and slaves, shall be
slaves during their natural life."
Thus, you perceive, the law of 1715 vested an
absolute right of property in slaves, a right of which
the master could not divest himself, except by sale
or gift. He could not free iliem, because, by law,
they were made slaves for life. So fai as I have
been enabled to examine the subject, ] can find no
alteration of this statute until 179(5, when it was so
far modified as to allow the master to free his slaves
under certain circumstances, viz: if they were
healthy, able to earn a support by labor, and not
over 45 years of age. The law of l'IMi :s now in
force in this District, and fully reaffirms the right of
property in slaves. It is worthy of remark that the
law of 1715 was passed years before the constitution
of Maryland w as adopted—sixty-one ycai s befoi e the
declaration of American independence, and remained
tn full force, without change or modification, 81
years.
But, sir, this is not the only recognition, by law,
of the right of pioperty m sines. The books are
filled with such recognition from 1715 up to the pres-
ent day. The law of Congress, approved Februa-
ry 12, 1,793, is as follows:
"Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That when a
person, held to labor, in any of the United States, or
either of the Territories, or the northwest, ur
south of the Ohio river, under the laws thereof,
shall escape into any other of the said States or Ter-
ritories, the person to whom such labor may be due,
hi.; agent or attorney, is hereby empowered to arrest
oi seize such fugitive from labor," &c.
The 4th section of the same act imposes a fine of
fve hundred dollars upon any person or persons
who shall obstruct the owner of the refugee slave in
-.eizmg his property, as it does, also, if he secretes
,r r harbors him, knowing him to be a slave.
Sir, it is difficult to conceive a more thorough re-
cognition of the right of property in slaves than, is
afforded by this law. It is a right not confined to
the State in which a party resides, but attaches to
the property, no matter where found, within the ju-
risdiction of the United States; and was so decided
by the Supreme Court of the United States in the
■case of Prigg against the Commonwealth of Penn-
sylvania. 16 Peters, p. 559.
But, sir, the organic law, the. constitution of the.
United States, secures the right of property in
slaves, and places it beyond the reach of«iegislation.
The 2d section of the 4th article- of that instrument
is in these words: "No person held to service or labor
in one State, under-the laws thereof, escaping into
another, shall, in consequence of any law or regula-
tion therein, be discharged from such service or la-
bor, but shall be delivered up, upon the claim of the
party, to whom such service or labor may be due.
Now, sir, what are the expositions of the consti-
tution by the highest legal tribunal -of the country?
In the case of Prigg against the Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania, already referred to, Judge Story holds
the following doctrine, in reference to the clause of
the constitution just quoted:
"The clause manifestly contemplates the exist-
ence of a positive, unqualified right, on the part of
the owner of a slave, which no State law or regula-
tion can in any way qualify, regulate, control, or
r#stram."
Judge Taney says:
"I agree entirely in all that is said (by Judge
Story) in relation to the rights of the master, by
virtue of the 3d clause of the 2d article of the con-
stitution. The rights of the master being given by
the constitution of the United States, neither Congress
nor a State legislature can, by any law or regulation,
impair it, or restrict it."
This sir, settles the question as to the right of
property in slaves; and I respectfully submit that
all of the rights of property belonging to the people
of this District before the surrender thereof to this
government, by the States of Maryland and Vir-
ginia, followed them after the transfer, and adhere,
to them now. This I shall prove, before I take my
seat.
Sir, the question again recurs, Has Congress the
power to abolish the title to private property within
this District? Those who maintain the affirmative
of this proposition contcnd that whatever power
the legislatures of Maryland and Virginia had over
the rights of private property within their respect-
ive jurisdictions was transferred to this government
by the act of cession. Now, sir, I deny that this
government has any power not conferred upon it by
the constitution. I, however, waive my own views
upon this point, and admit the position assumed;
and then 1 deny that the legislature of either Mary-
land or Virginia could abolish the right of property
withnl their respective jurisdictions.
Sir, I have already shown you that property in
slaves existed and was necognisedby existing laws,
long before the constitution of Maryland was adopt-
ed,before the legislature of that State had an exist-
ence; mid I defy the wit of man to show in what
clause of that instrument the people conferred upon
the legislature the power to divest them of this prop-
erty. If no such power appears, it is but a fair
nile of construction to assume that the power does
not exist. But we are not left to feel our way in
the dark, upon the great and important principles
involving individual rights of property. The peo-
ple of Maryland and Virginia were jealous of this
right; and, by the very same authority which created
the constitution, drew and adopted a bill of rights,
declaring the principles upon which governments
should be founded. The bill of rights of Virginia
declares that private property shall not be taken with-
out the consul!, of the oicntrs; and it is worthy of re-
mark that the judicial tribunals of that good old Com-
monwealth have deeidcu that the bill of rights is
as obligatory and controlling upon the legislative
power of the State, as is the constitution itself.
Maryland was not le*ss cautious upon this subject;
and, by her bill of rights, declared "that no per-
son ought to be taken, or imprisoned, or disseized of
his freehold, liberties, or privileges, or outlawed, or
exiled, or in any manner destroyed, or deprived of
his life, liberty, or property, but by the judgment of
hispeers, or by the law of the land."
Thus, you perceive, the three great personal
rights of life, liberty, and property, are connected in
the same sentence; have equal sanctity and security
against the power of legislation. Who will contend
that the legislature of Maryland could deprive a
citizen of life or liberty? No one, I presume. Who,
then, will maintain that the rights of property are
not equally secure? who can draw a distinction as to
the security afforded to either? I confess I cannot.
If, then, the legislature of Maryland had not the
power to deprive a citizen of his life or liberty, ,
neither could he be deprived of his property.
Sir, I wish to be understood. I do not maintain
that the citizen might not, by the commission
of crime, or violation of law, forfeit either life,
liberty, or property; nor do I deny that the sovereign ,
power of the State—the people—might confer upon
the legislature the power to deprive the citizen of
either life, liberty, or property; £dl that I do deny is,
that the mere legislature had the power, at the
time the surrender was made, to deprive the citizen
of either life, liberty, or property. If I am correct
in this view of the subject, it follows, as a necessary
consequence, that, by the simple act of cession, Con-
gress derives no power to abolish the rights of prop-
erty within this District, unless it be contended
that, by the act of cession, the grantee derived legis-
lative powers vastly greater than those possessed
by the grantor, a propositton too absurd to be ar-
gued by me.
Again, it is maintained, that the 8th section of the
first article of the constitution, which confers upon
Congress the power "to exercise exclusive legisla-
tion in all cases whatsoever over this District, au-
thorizes Congress to abolish the right of private
property therein. With due respect to the.opinion .
of others, I hold that this error of construction re-
sults from a misconception of the meaning of the
clause of the constitution now under consideration,
That the power of exclusive legislation over this Dis-
trict belongs to Congress, no one doubts; and that
no other legislative body can be established within
this District, we all agree. It was solely for the
purpose of excluding from this District all other
legislative bodies, and to afford to the national legis-
lature the power to protect itself, that the power
of exclusive legislation over this District was con-
ferred upon Congress. But it was never intended
to confer, nor does it confer, any extraordinary
legislative or despotic power over the life, liberty,
or individual property of the citizen therein;
all the protection and security afforded to the
personal rights of the citizen, are as obligatory,
and placed as far beyond the reach of the power of
legislation within this District, as within the States.
Can Congress create an established church, or
abridge the freedom of speech or of the press, suspend
the writ of habeas corpus, or annihilate the sacred
right of trial by jury within this District? If not, why'
because the power which is necessary to execute these
despotic measures belongs not to the ordinary pow-
ers of legislation. But if the doctrine contended for
should prevail, and it be finally settled that, within
the enchanted circle of this District, the legislative
power of Congress is omnipotent, it follows that
any—nay, all of these measures, may be effected by
the legislation of Congress. When General Har-
rison remarked that the people of this District were
not, and should not be treated as slaves, I consid-
ered the remark extremely simple. But if Con-
gress has despotic power over the District, the citi-
zens thereof are slaves in the worst possible condi-
tion; for Congress may rob them of then- labor
and property, without incurring the responsibility
of the master to provide for them in sickness or old
age. Who believes that the framers of the consti-
tution ever intended to create a petty despotismover
this ten miles square? No one, lam sure, except those
who, under the pretence of maintaining the sacred
right of petition, maintain that Congress can abolish ,
the still more sacred right of individual property
within this District.
But, sir, Congress has no such power. The
clause of tlie_ constitution conferring upon Congress
exclusive legislation over this District in all eases
whatsoever, 1st, excludes all other legislative
bodies; and, 2ndly, authorizes Congress to legis-
late upon all the ordinary subjects of legislation, and
nothing more—leaving to the citizen ample secu-
rity in the possession of all his personal rights, as
secured by the constitution. If I am correct in this
view of the subject, then the grounds assumed by
the friends of this report are erroneous, and, conse-
quently, their conclusions are wrong.
Mr. Speaker, I now propose to show that Con-
gress is prohibited not only from abolishing the title
to private property within this District, upon just
principles of reason, but specifically by the act of
cession, and by the constitution itself. The acts of
cession of Virginia .and Maryland sre precisely,
