conmesbionail •
its;
The following is the vote: !
For William J. McCormick.
Messrs. Adams, Ashe, Barringer, Barnard, Belser, Ed-
ward J. Black, JamesA. Black, Milton Brown, J. Brown,
Burt, Campbell, Carroll, Chilton, Clinspnan, Coles, Colla-
rner, Cranston, Cross, Garrett Davis, Deberry, Dellet, Dick,
ey, Dickinson, Fish, Florence, Foot, Giddings, Gilmer,
Willis Green, Grider, Hardin, Harper, Holmes, Hudson,
Washington Hunt, Joseph It. Ingersoll, Irvin, Jenks, Per-
ley B. Johnson, Daniel P. King, Kirkpatrick, Lewis,-Mc-
Ilvaine, Marsh, Edward J. Morris, Morse, Moseley, New-
ton, Patterson, Peyton, Phcenix, Elisha R. Potter, David S.
Reid, Rhett, Rodney, Rogers, Sample, Schenck, Severance,
Simpson, Slidell, Albert Smith, Caleb^E. Smith, Stephens,
Andrew Stewart, Stiles, Thomasson, Tilden, Tyler, Vance,
Vttumetei, Vinton, White, "Winthrop, and Underwood—76.
For J. M. Johnson.
Messrs. Beardslcy, Benton, Blaekwell, Bossier, Bower,
Jacob Brinkerhoff, Caldwell, Cary, Catlin, Reuben Chapman,
Augustus A. Chapman, Cobb, Cullom, Dana, Daniel, John
W. Davis, Dawson, Dean, Dillingham, Douglass, Drom-
goole, Dnnlap, Ellis, Elmer, Farlee, Byram Green, Hale,
Hamlin, HaiaLson, Herrick, Houston, Hubbell, Hungerford,
And. Johnson, Geo. W. Jones, Kennedy, Leonard, Lucas,
Lumpkin, MeCauslin, McClernand, McConnell, McDowell,
Mathews, Moore, Joseph Morris, Payne. Pettit, Emery D.
Potter, Reding, Relfe, Russell, Saunders, Thomas H. Sey-
mour, Simons, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Stetson, John
Stewart, Syke^s, Taylor, Tibbats, Wheaton, Williams, Jo-
seph A. Wright, and Mr. Speaker—66.
For D, R. McNair.
Messrs. Anderson, Bidlack, James Black, Bowlin, Boyd,
Brodhead, Aaron V. Brown, Wm. J. Brown, Buffington,
Chilton, R D. Davis, Duncan, Ficklin, Foster, French,
Flick, Hammett, Hays, Henley, Hoge, Hughes, James B.
Hunt. Charles J. Ingersoll, Jameson, Cave Johnson, Pres-
ton King, Labranche4 McClelland, Nes, Norris, Owen, Par-
raenter, Ramsey, Almon H. Read, Charles M. Read, Ritter,
St. John, David L, Seymour, JohnT. Smith, Steenrod, Stone,
Thompson, Weller, W'entwortli, Wilkins, and Yost—46.
There still being no election, no person having
received a majority of all the votes given, a third
vote was taken; when the tellers reported the follow-
ing as the result:
W hole number of votes given - - - 187
Necessary to a choice - - - - 94
Of which
J. M. Johnson received - 106 votes.
Wm. J. McCormick - - . - 70 " '
D. R. McNair - - - - - 11 "
The following is the vote:
2'or J. ?'l. Johnson.
Messrs. Anderson, Beardsley, Belser, Benton, James
Bl.iek, James A. Blaclv, ijk-.ekw ell, Bossier, Bower, Bow-
I ill. Hoy J. Jacob Bnnkerholf, Aaron V. Brown, William J.
Brown, Burke, Caldwell, Cary, Catlm, Reuben Chapman,
Augustus A Chapman, Clinton, Cobb, Coles, Cross, Cul-
loia, l\n:i Daniel, Richard O. Davis, Dawson. Dean, Dil-
liigham, Douglass. Dromgoole, Duncan, Dunlop, Ellis,
Klmer Farlee, Heklin. French, Byram Green, Hale, Ham-
lin, Hammet, Haralson, Henley, Herrick, Hoge, Houston,
Hubbell, Hughes, Hungerford, James B. Hunt, Charles J.
Ingersoll, Jameson, Cave Johnson, Andrew Johnson, G.
W. Jones, Kennedy, Preston King, Kirkpatrick, Leonard,
Lewis, Lucas, Lumpkin, McCauslen, McClernand, McCon-
nell, McDowell; Mathews, Moore, Joseph Morris, Norris,
Owen, Parmenter, Payne, Pettit, Emery D. Potter, Almon
H Head, David S. Held. Heding, Kelfe, Russell, St. John,
iSaunders,Thomas H. Seymour, Simons, Simpson, Thomas
Smith, Robert Smith, Steenrod, Stetson, John Stewart,
Stiles, Stone, Sykes, Taylor, Thompson, Tibbatts, Weller,
Wentwonii, "\vheaton, Williams, Wilkins, Joseph A.
Wright, ani I.Ir Speaker—106
William J. McCormifk.
Messrs Adams, Ashe, Barringer, Barnard, F.. J J31ac,k,
il. i3rov, n J. Brown, Burt, Campbell, Carroll, Chilton,
Clingman. Collamer, Cranston. Garrett Davis, Deberry,
Dellet, Dickey, Dickinson, Fish, Florence, Foot, Fricli,
Giddings, Gilmer, Willis Green, Grider, Hardin, Harper,
Holmes, Hudson, Washington Hunt, Joseph It. Ingersoll,
Irvin, Jenks, Perley B. Johnson, Daniel P. King, Mcll-
vaine, iMarsh, Edward J. Morris, Morse, Moseley, Nes,
Newton, Patterson, Peyton, Phcenix, Elisha R. Potter, Ram-
sey, Charles :vl. Read, Rhett, Rodney, Rogers, Sample,
Schenck, Senter, Severance, Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith,
Stephens, Andrew Stewart, Thomasson, Tilden, Tyler,
Vance, Vanmeter, Vinton, White, Winthrop, and Wood-
ward—70.
For D. R, McNair.
Messrs. Bidlack. Brodhead, Buffington, Foster, Hays,
McClelland, Ritter, David L. Seymour, John T. Smith, and
Yost—11.
So .T. M. Johnson was declared to be duly elected
postmaster of the House of Representatives.
The House then adjourned.
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day, were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
By Mr. STONE: The petition of sundry citizens
of Hardin county, Kentucky, praying to reduce the
rates of postage.
By Mr. THOMPSON: The petition of Geo. W.
Tripp, praying that a certain pre-emption right in
the Columbus land district, Mississippi, may be
confirmed to him; referred to the Committee on the
Public Landj?. '
Mr. LEONARD, tinder the rules, took from the
files of the Clerk the papers of Charles B. Childsfor
claims for services as first lieutenant in the Tampa
war: referred to the Committee of Claims. Also,
the petition of John B. Whiteman, for Congress to
adopt his inventi&i for frontier defence: referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
By Mr. SMITH of Illinois: The petition of D.
W. Hopkins, and one hundred and eighteen others,
citizens of St. Clair and Randolph counties, praying
that the mail-route from Bellvilleto Fayetteville may
be extended to Sparta, in Randolph county: referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, the memorial of one hundred and thirty-three
citizens of Illinois, praying an increase of the pen-
sion of Isaac Baker, who was wounded in the late
war: referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. TIBBATTS withdrew the papers filed in the
Clerk's office, in relation to the making an appro-
priation for the purpose of purchasing additional
grounds at the military post at Newport, Kentucky,
and for other purposes; and the same were referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. T. filed the petition of the widow and ad-
ministratrix of Andrew Lewis, late an officer of the
U. S. army, praying to be reimbursed the cost and
charges of a suit instituted against him for responsi-
bility incurred by him in his official capacity: re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
By Mr. FOSTER: The petition of citizens of
Bedford county, Pennsylvania, praying for a reduc-
tion of postage: referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
• Friday, January 5, 1843.
The journal of yesterday was read.
Mr. DICKINSON wished to be allowed to
change the vote which he bad given yesterday, upon
the resolution of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Mc-
Dowell,] on the subject of the tariff; having voted
in the affirmative under a misapprehension. Objec-
tion being made, however, the request was with-
drawn.
The call of the States and Territories for resolu-
tions was then proceeded with.
NEW MAIL ROUTE.
Mr. BOSSIER offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be requested to inquire into the ex-
pediency of establishing a post route from Slircvcs-
port, Louisiana, via Wollow Shut, to the seat of
justice, in the parish of Bossoier, thence to Con-
way, in the State of Arkansas: adopted.
FLORIDA.
Mr. LEVY desired that the rales might be so far
suspended as to allow him to present several resolu-
tions at the same time, (some of them being resolu-
tions of inquiry,) in order that the proceedings to be
founded thereon might be brought forward at an
early day of the session.
No objection being made, the following resolutions
were then read:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to inform the House under what ar-
rangements the Indians at present m Florida remain
there; whether any, and what, steps are in progress
for their removal under the treaty of Payne's Land-
ing; whether any trading-houses have been estab-
lished, or are contemplated to be established, for
their use; whether any compensation is paid to any
one as Indian agent or commissioner m Florida;
whether any annuity or presents have been allowed
to any of the Indians now in Florida; and what
part of the public domain in Florida has been sur-
rendered to the exclusive occupation of said Indians,
the area and boundaries thereof; and whether said
occupation is unconditional, or for a definite- period,
and upon stipulated terms.
Resolved, That the Secretary of State cause to be
collected and furnished to this House all the infor-
mation which can be procured by his department
respecting the cultivation and diseases of the orange,
and such other tropical fruits as are adapted to the
climate and soil of the peninsula of Florida.
Resolved, That the Commissioner of the General
Land Office be required to report to this House
what cancellations of permits, issued under the act
foK the occupation of the Florida peninsula, have
been ordered by him, the dates and Other particu-
lars of said permits, m4 the grounds upon which
wrrp
Resolved, further, That the Commissioner of the '
General Land Office be required to report to this
House what reservations of public lands-in Florida
have been made, and the dates at which the land
officers of the appropriate districts were officially in-
formed of said reservations.
Resolved, That the Military Committee" be; fn-'
structed to inquire what further legislation is neces-
sary to enable the accounting officers'to apply the
appropriations made on the 22 day of August, 1842,-
for arrearages due for supplies furnished to militia,
in the service of the United States.
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be directed to inquire into the expediency of anim-
mediate occupation of Key West, ana the Dry
Tortugas military and naval stations; and to, report
by bill or otherwise.
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims "be <ii-"
rected to examine into the propriety of providing for
the indemnity of the owners of private property
destroyed at Micanopy, Florida, in 1836, by order
of the officer then in command at that post, to pre-
vent it from falling into the possession of the enemy.*
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be directed to inquire into the expediency of re-
porting a bill making the necessary provision for
placing the naval station at Pensacola in a condition
to be useful as a navy-yard on the Atlantic coast.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be directed to inquire into the expe-
diency of reporting a bill providing such mail fecil-
ities as-may be necessary and proper for the accom-
modation of the settlers upon the peninsula of
Florida.
Mr. PHCENIX said he was not in his place when
the State of New York was called, and he now de-
sired the privilege of offering a resolution; but it
was objected to.
WISCONSIN.
Mr. DODGE of Wisconsin offered the following
resolution; which was agreed to:
' ° "N
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to inform this House whether the annual
appropriation which was made at the last session
of Congress to defray the expenses of the Legisla-
tive Assembly of the Territory of Wisconsin has
been transmitted; and, if not, the reason why it was
withheld from the said Legislative Assembly.
2d. That he communicate to this House the
amount which has been paid, and the names of the
persons to whom such payments have been made,
under the act of the 29th of August, 1842, entitled
"An act to provide for the settlement of certain ac-
counts for the support of government in the Terri-
tory of Wisconsin, &e.
Mr. DODGE of Wisconsin gave notice that he
would ask leave, on to-morrow, or on some subse-
quent day, to introduce bills for the construction of
harbors at the towns of Racine and Southport, in the
Territory of Wisconsin; and a light-house at South-
port, in said Territory.
Air. DODGE of Iowa offered the following re-
solutions:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to inform this House whether the sum of
four thousand dollars, due Jeremiah Smith, jr., ac-
cording- to the stipulations of the late Sac and Fox
treaty, have been paid to him; and if not, the rea-
sons why payment has been withheld; and whether
any further action will be necessary on the part of
Congress (it having already appropriated the said
sum) to enable said Smith to obtain nis money.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing an additional judicial district in the Territory
of Iowa; and that they report by bill or otherwise.
Resolved, That the 'Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the ex-
pediency of establishing the following mail-routes in
the Territory of Iowa: From Keosanqua, Van Bu-
' ren county, via the county seat of Daiis county, to
the county seat of Appenoose county. From Fair-
field, Jefferson county, via the county seat of Wap-
pello and Kishkekosh counties, to the western
boundary line of the new purchase. From Wash-
ington, via the county seats of Keokuk and Mahas-
ka counties, to the western boundary line of the late
furchase. From Fairfield, via the, "Colony" and
owaville, to the county seat of Davis county.
From Dubuque, via "Garry Owen," (Irish settle-
Mr. 3D. also gave notice of his intention to intro
du^e n biJJ directing tljc President of th? Uoit*4
