Feb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
119
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr, Belser.
H. of Reps.
similar in every particular; and I now respectfully
call your attention to the reading of the act of the
Virginia legislature upon this subject:
"Be it enacted, That a tract of country not exceed-
ing ten miles square, or any lesser quantity, to be
located within the limits of this State, and in any
part thereof, as Congress may by law direct, shall
be, and the same is hereby, for ever ceded and re-
linquished to the Congress and government of the
United States; in full and absolute right and exclu-
sive jurisdiction, as well of soil as of persons resi-
ding or to reside therein, pursuant to the tenor and
effect of the eighth section of the first article of the
constitution of the government of the United States.
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be
construed to vest in the United States any right of
property in the soil, or to effect the rights ofindividvr
therein," Sfc.
Wow, sir, I hold that the proviso to this act of
cession not only debars Congress from exercising
any right of property in the soil of this District, but
places the "rights of property therein," (that is, with-
in the district or territory so ceded) beyond the
power of legislation. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Hudson] contends that the whole
proviso applies to the rights of soil only. If so, the
latter paragraph thereof is superfluous, and only re-
affirms the meaning of the first. "VVliy this super-
fluity of language? Is it fair to presume that the fra-
mers of this act of cession did not understand the
power of language, or that they would be guilty of
such unmeaning tautology. The proper rule of
construction to be observed in the interpretation of
written instruments, is to give to all the parts, if posi-
ble, a definite and concurrent meaning. We can only
do that, in this instance, by supposing that the first
paragraph of the proviso applies to the right of prop-
erty m the soil, and that the second part thereof
refers solely to the rights of property within the
territory ceded, &c.
In this construction I am fortified by the opinion
of a gentleman whose political position cannot fail
to command the respect of the whig members upon
this floor, and the spotless purity of whose private
character, exalted talents, and deep legal learning,
equally entitles his opinion to the respect of the re-
publican members of this body. I mean Benjamin
Watkins Leigh; to the reading of whose-opinion upon
this point I respectfully ask the attention of the
House:
"It may be thought that the word 'therein' refers
to the word 'soil,' in the preceding member of the
sentence, as its antecedent; so as to secure the rights
of individuals in the soilpnly, and not in other kind
of property. But a little attention will show that
the word 'thereon' has reference to the tract of
country ceded; for, first, the previous cession is 'as
well of soil as of persons residing, or to reside
therein;' that the proviso was intended as a qualifi-
cation of the whole grant, and must be construed
not only to secure the rights of property in the soil
ceded, but the rights of individuals resident therein,
over whom exclusive jurisdiction is also ceded.
Secondly, as 'rights of property in the soil' could
be none other than the rights of individuals to prop-
erty in the soil, if they alone were intended to be
secured, the other members of the sentence, securing
'the rights of individuals therein,' would be wholly
inoperative and nugatory. Thirdly, the word 'there-
in,' in truth, belongs to both members of the sen-
tence; though, according to the idiom of the lan-
guage, it is inserted only after the last. The sense
is the same as if it had been written 'any right of
property m the soil therein,' or to affect the rights of
individuals therein, i. e. in the tract of country be-
fore ceded."
Now, sir, you perceive here is an express stipula-
tion, contained in the acts of cession, securing to the
citizens of this District all of the rights of property
possessed by them before the surrender, and deny-
ing to Congress the power to deprive them of this
property. It is a part of the contract entered into
between this government upon the one side, and of
the States of Maryland and Virginia upon the other
side; and I presume that it will scarcely be contend-
ed that, in utter violation of that contract, against
one of the fundamental principles for which govern-
ment is established, ill disregard of all the limitations
of the constitution, against our whole system of ju-
risprudence, that Congress can abolish the rights of
property within this District.
Sir, I have already said that the rights of proper-
ty were as fully secured within this District as with-
in tlje States.. I go further: I maintain that Congress
IS expressly prohibited by the constitution from
abolishing the title to individual property. I call
your attention to the last clause of the 5th amend-
ment of that instrument. "Nor shall private proper-
ty be taken for public use, without just compensa-
tion." It is impossible to find a clearer prohibition
upon the power of Congress to deprive the citizen
of private property, except for a specific object. It
may be taken for public use, I admit, but for no
other purpose: to wrench from the legitimate owner,
his property in slaves, and to manumit them, cannot,
upon any ccuaceivable grounds, be for the public
use; and hence Congress is expressly prohibited
from doing so.
Sir, I have showed you that Congress has not the
constitutional power to abolish the rights of property
in this District. Are we bound to receive or enter-
tain a proposition to do so? I hold that it would be
dishonorable. We dare not do it. And here, sir, I
ha,ve a few words to address to those good, but mis-
guided men who we are told oppose the ultimate
designs, but co-operate with the abolitionists in re-
sisting the supposed encroachments upon the right
of petition. What do you ask us to do? to violate
the constitution, which we have sworn to support;
and thereby bring the guilt of perjury upon our own
souls. Is this honorable in you? If we were to ap-
peal to you for advice in the premises, could you,
as honorable men, advise us to receive and delib-
erate upon the expediency or inexpediency of viola-
ting our official oaths? If not, why do you continue
to urge us, by your petitions, to do so? Have you
ever reflected upon the crime which attaches to him
who is guilty of subornation of perjury? If not,
would it not be wise to turn your thoughts to that
point? I am still persuaded, that you would dissolve
your connexion with the abolitionists, in whose
moral or political honesty I have no confidence, and
to whom I would scorn to make an appeal.
Here Mr. Payne was interrupted by Mr. Gin-
DINGS.
Mr. Payne. Is the gentleman himself an aboli-
tionist?
Mr. Giddings. I am an abolitionist.
Then, (said Mr. Payne,) we have a practical
illustration, in the character of the member from
Ohio, that all of the abolitionists are not honorable
men.*
Here Mr. Payne was called to order by the
Speaker.
Mr. Patoe. Sir, I was about to ask those patri-
otic and good men, who we are told act in' concert
with the abolitionists upon the right of petition, why
agitate the country? We admit the right of peti-
tion to be illimitable; we admit that your right to
select the subjects of petition is coextensive with
the right itself;—all of this we admit; but we de-
ny, and ever will deny, that we are bound to receive
or deliberate upon the expediency of violating the
constitution and our official oaths. If a proposition
was made to a private gentleman to violate his oath,
he would resent it as a direct personal insult, an
atonement for which could not be made by apology.
This House is composed, I hope, of public, if not
of private gentlemen; and 1 have yet to learn that,
by assuming a public character, we should forget
the respect due to ourselves, or cease to be gentle-
men. Congress is bound to resent a dishonorable
proposition with the same promptness which an in-
dividual would exercise under similar circumstances.
The rule is imperative in its operation upon all hon-
orable men, either in private or public life.
Mr. Speaker, I have now a word or two to say
to my Northern friends—those by whose side we
have fought and won many well-contested battles.
To the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Duncan] I ap-
peal. I understand him to be opposed to the schemes
of the abolitionists, and yet ill favor of this report.
Had you not better stand firmly upon the battle-
ments of the constitution? If it be the post of dan-
ger, it is also the post of honor. It is the only ten-
able ground. Suppose you recede, and admit our
obligation to receive petitions asking Congress to
abolish the rights of private property in this Dis-
trict: will this satisfy the abolitionists? No, sir,
never. They will next demand that their proposi-
tions shall be considered. This attained, the prayer
itself must then be granted. Every inch of ground
you surrender will be occupied by the aggressor.
4Mr. Paynk here had reference to the iact, as published in
the papers, that Mr. Gjddings, durings his canva&s for a seat
in Congress, had read on the stand from -which he spoke a
letter irom Cassias M. Clay, avowing abolition doctrines,
which he induced his abolition friends to believe was from
Henry Clay, and thereby to induce them to vote for^lr.
Clay for the presidency.
And you, gentlemen, will drift down the stream Of
time until you are buried in the sea of oblivion."
You never can command the support of the aboli-
tionists. Too long have you, as a party, resisted
their wicked and malignant designs. After you
have yielded all they ask, and by your aid they
shall have accomplished all their ends, they will cast
you from them, or allow you to perform manual
service in their ranks—nothing more. Then, and
not till then, will you find that the only means to"
check aggression is to resist it upon the'confines..
Here Mr. Duncan explained, and maintained
that the people of this District had a right to peti-
tion Congress upon the subject of abolishing slave-
ry therein; and that Congress had the inherent right
to abolish slavery in this District if a majority of the
people instructed us to do so. Would the gentle-
man from Alabama abolish slavery in this District
if a majority of the people thereof instructed Con-
gress to do so?
Mr. Payne. I would not; the .people of this Dis-
trict have no right to instruct Congress; the right of
instruction belongs to a constituency, and implies a
power upon the part of that constituency, through
the ballot-box, to force the obedience of the repre-
sentative: no such power belongs to the people of
this District. Moreover, I have endeavored to
show that Congress has no right or power to abol-
ish the rights of private properly. If I am correct in
this position, the instructions of the people of this
District, nor of the whole Union, could confer that
power without altering the constitution. Thi« is
my answer to the gentleman from Ohio. The con-
sequences which must result from any action of
Congress upon the subject of the abolition of slave-
ry in this District have been fully discussed by oth-
ers; I therefore have nothing more to say.
SPEECH OF MR. BELSER,
of alabama,
In the Home of Representatives, February 7,1844—Oa
the report of the majority of the Committee of
Elections, which concluded with submitting the
following resolutions for the adoption of the
House:
"Resolved, That the second section of 'An act for the ap-
portionment of representatives among the several States
according to tlie sixth census,' approved June 25, 1842, is
not a Invi ma<ie in pursuance of the constitution of tho
United States, and valid, operative and binding upon the
States.
"Resolved, That all the members of this House (excepting
the contested cases from Virginia, upon which no opinion
is hereby expressed) have been elected in conformity "with
the constitution and laws, and are entitled to their seats in
this House."
Mr. BELSER having obtained the floor, rose and
said:
Mr. Sfeaker : The adoption of the first resolu-
tion reported by the majority of the committee,
would be for this House to declare that the repre-
sentatives from the States of New Hampshire, Mis-
souri, Mississippi, and Georgia, elected to the S8th
Congress by the general ticket, were entitled to
their seats. He approached the investigation of the
subject with feelings of the utmost respect for those
gentlemen, and with every desire to discuss the
question with fairness and candor. He was anx-
ious to deliver his views upon it, because of the
fact that he should probably differ in his vote from
a large portion of that party with whieh it was his
pride and pleasure, when he could act with them, so
to act upon that floor. It was, in his judgment, a
grave constitutional question, elevated above all
party considerations; it was one which most for-
cibly addressed itself to the conscience and under-
standing Of every representative upon that floor—
one which had already employed the first intellect
of the nation,—one which was to operate on its wel-
fare, perhaps for ages to come; an^i he called on
gentlemen belonging to either of the great political
parties on this floor, to pause and well consider the
magnitude of the question, and the interests in-
volved in this discussion. ■
When, at the commencement of this Congress,
he had the honor to submit a few observations to
the House, in regard to the protest of the minority,
he then stated that he was not prepared to say with
some others, who had preceded linn in debate, that
this law of Congress was a nullity■ His objection
to placing that paper upon the journal (and which
he now wished to explain) was, that it hnd
never been read to the House, and he could not
consent that the Clerk should be the exclusive judge
of what was to go upon its records. The constiti^
