106
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
States to cause the lands heretofore reserved in the
the Territories of Iowa and Wisconsin, and the
State of Illinois, on account of their supposed min-
eral character, to be sold.
Also, a bill for the relief of James Anderson, of
Dee Moines county, Iowa, who settled on the six-
teenth section.
. Also, a petition, numerously signed, praying Con-
gress to pass a law for the sale of the lands hereto-
fore reserved as mineral lands.
Also, the petition of Thomas R. Brasher and
Henry Bequette, citizens of Dubuque county, Iowa,
praying that they may be allowed to purchase, re-
spectively, the quarter sections upon which they
settled in 1835, prior to the survey of the country,
and now have in cultivation, on the sixteenth sec-
tion; both of which were referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands.
Mr. PHCENIX presented a memorial, and moved
its reference to the Committee on Commerce: re-
ferred.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL moved that the House
suspend the rules, for the purpose of resolving itself
into Committee of the "Whole.
Mr. BEARDSLBY submitted that the motion
was not in order, as the motion of his colleague to
reconsider the vote on rejecting the resolution to
make Tuesday next the order of the day for the re-
port of the Committee on Rules ought to have the
preference, it being a privileged question.
, The SPEAKER observed that the motion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. C. J. Inger-
soll] was for the suspension of the rules; and there-
fore, if adopted, would suspend the very rales under
which the motion of the gentleman from New York
was a privileged question.
Mr. ADAMS protested against the decision of
the Speaker, and appealed from it, on the ground
that the question of reconsideration was a privileged
question. Besides, it was the understanding of the
House that when the question of reconsideration
was laid aside to allow the reception of resolutions
from the States, it should come up when that busi-
ness was disposed of.
The SPEAKER repeated that the proposition of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania was for a suspen-
sion of the rules; and, as such, a suspension of the
very rules which made the motion for reconsidera-
tion a privileged question.
Mr. ADAMS contended that the rules had al-
ready been suspended, for the reception of the
motion of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Cart.]
The SPEAKER did not understand that the
rules were suspended for the purpose of receiving a
privileged question. No such motion would have
been necessary.
Mr. ADAMS contended that the motion was re-
ceived under a suspension of the rules; and there
was a distinct understanding that the question
should be taken immediately after concluding the
call on the States for resolutions. It would, there-
fore, be a breach of faith not to take up the motion
now, (turning to Mr. Ingersoll with much excite-
ment of manner.) Mr. A. repeated that the going
into committee before disposing of the motion,
would be a breach of faith; and, as the reporter un-
derstood, charged Mr. Ingersoi.i. with a breach of
faith, in pressing his motion.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL. As to these breaches
of faith, I fling them back with the contempt that
belongs to them, into that gentleman's teeth. I am
as little given to breaches of faith as he is. I will
have him to understand that if any man in the
House is liable to the. charge of a breach of faith, he
is the man.
The SPEAKER here called to order.
Mr. ADAMS. I shall not call the gentleman to
order. I care too little about him to nnnd anything
he can say.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL. That is a very con-
venient way of sneaking out of a scrape.
Mr. ADAMS [with much temper.] I defy the
gentleman—I defy him.
The reply of Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL was lost to
the reporter, amidst the cries of order that followed.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to lay the mo-
tion for reconsideration on the table.
Mr. ADAMS objected that the motion was not in
order, as the motion to lay the motion for reconsider-
ation on the table was made end decided when the
question was last up, and was the last action of the
House on the subject.
The SPEAKER, on referring back to the jour-
nals, *nd ascertaining that tfct feet  t#t«d by Mr,
Adams was correct, decided that the motion of the
gentleman from Tennessee was not in order.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON then called for the yeas
and nays on the question of reconsideration, which
were ordered; and, the question being taken, resulted
in—yeas 102, nays 78, as follows:®
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ashe, Barringer, Barnard, Beards-
sley, Benton, Edward J. Black, J. Bnnkerhofl", Brodhead,
Milton Brown, J. Brown, BufBngton, Cary, Carroll, Catlin,
Chilton, Clingman, Collamer, Cranston, Dana,Garrett Davis,
Richard D. Davis, J. "W. Davis, Dickey, Dickinson, Dil-
lingham, Duncan, Dunlap, Ellis, Elinei, Fish, Florence,
Foot, Frick, Giddings.Willis Green, Byram Green, Gridcr,
Hamlin, Hammett, Hardin, Harper, Herrick, Hoge, Hub-
bell, Hudson, Hungerford, Washington Hunt, James B.
Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Irvin, Jenks, Perley B. Johnson,
Kennedy, Daniel P. King, Leonard, McC'auslen, McClellan,
McDowell, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Mathews, Edward J. Mor-
ris, Joseph Morris, Morse, Moseley, Nes, Owen, Parmenter,
Patterson, Peyton, Phcemx, Elisha R. Potter, Emery D. Pot-
ter, Pratt, Ramsey, Rathbun, Charles M. Read, Rodney,
Rogers, St. John, Sample, Schenck, Senter, Severance,
Thomas H. Seymour, David L. Seymour, Albert Smith,
Caleb B. Smith, Stetson, Andrew Stewart, John Stewart,
Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Vanmeter, Vinton, Wheaion, White,
Williams, Wilkins, winthrop, and Joseph A. Wright—102.
NAYS—Messrs. Belser, Bidlack, James Black, James
A. Black, Blackwell, Bossier, Bower, Bowlin, Boyd, Aaron
V. Brown, William J. Brown, Burke, Burt, Caldwell,
Campbell, Reuben Chapman, Agustus A. Chapman, Cobb,
Coles, Cullom, Daniel, Douglass, Dromgoole, Farlee, Fiek-
lin, Foster, French, Gilmer, Hale,Haralson, Henley, Holmes,
Houston, Hughes, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Jameson, Cave
Johnson, Andrew Johnson, Geoige W. Jones, Preston
King, Kirkpatrick, Labranche, Lewis, Lucas, Lumpkin,
McClernand, McConnell, McKay, Murphy, Newton, Norris,
Payne, P. S.Reid, Reding, Relfe, Ritter, Russell, Saunders,
Simpson, Slidell, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Steenrod,
Stephens, Stiles, Stone, Strong. Sykes, Taylor, Thomas-
son, Thompson, Tibbatts, Weller, Wentworth, Woodward,
and Yost—78.
Mr. ADAMS inquired if the report of the select
committee was not now before the House, in conse-
quence of the vote just taken.
The SPEAKER replied, that the motion of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] to
make the report of the committee the special order
of the day for Tuesday next was now before the
House.
Mr. ADAMS then called for the yeas and nays
on his motion.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON inquired if that motion
would not require a two-third vote.
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. ADAMS did not understand that a two-third
vote would be necessary.
Mr.'CAVE JOHNSON asked if the motion was
debatable.
Mr. A.DAMS said he was making an inquiry.
The SPEAKER said the motion of the gentleman
rom Massachusetts to make the report of the select
fcommittee a special order for Tuesday next, was
a motion to take a subject from its regular course;
and, therefore, would require a two-third vote.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said he had a motion to
make in connexion with this subject.
Mr. ADAMS inquired if it was debatable.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said he was not debating the
question; he was merely making a statement.
Mr. ADAMS said he wished to know if it was
debatable by the gentleman from Virginia; because,
if so, he should ask for the same right.
Mr. DROMGOOLE repeated that he was not
debating the question; but he was simply stating
that, if this subject was not made a special order, it
would lie on the Speaker's table, and come up in
its order; but if it were taken out of its regular or-
der, it would necessarily require a vote of two-
thirds. Now, he had not had time to examine the
report of the committee; and he wished to move
that it be recommitted to the select committee.
Mr. ADAMS inquired if such a motion would
not bring the whole subject before the House for its
present action.
Mr. WHITE acknowledged that the decision of
the Speaker was correct in the main, but still, he
wished to call the attention of the Speaker—
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON asked if it. was debatable.
Mr. WHITE insisted that it was a privileged
question.
Mr. C. JOHNSON called the gentleman from
Kentucky to order.
Mr. WHITE denied that he was out of order.
He then went on to contend that the report of the
Committee on Rules was always treated as a privi-
leged question. But what privilege was there, he
asked, in a privileged question, if it were to be
bound down by the ordinary rules, which were only
in existence until this committee could report, and
their report could be acted upon by the House, He
expressed his views at some length, and denied that
this motion required a two-third vote.
Mr. DROMGOOLE replied that some gentlemen
seemed to mistake a privileged question, and that it
occasioned compulsory action; but this he denied.
He, however, proceeded to the point which he had
in view when he first rose; and he now said that he
hoped the report would be sent back to the commit-
tee, that it might have a reconsideration by a full at-
tendance of the committee. He was not at liberty
to say what had been the action of the committee,
but he understood that committee had reported very
material alterations and omissions, and he wished
the whole committee to have this matter recommit-
ted for its reconsideration.
Mr. BLACK said he should vote for the motion
of the gentleman from Virginia to recommit; but he
desired to amend the motion, if he were in order in
doing so, for the purpose of bringing the House to
a test on the question, which was all important to
the southern portion of this country. He proposed
to amend the motion of the gentleman from Virginia
by the addition of instructions to that committee to
report the 25th rule of the last Congress as one of
the rules of this House.
The Clerk, at the request of the gentleman from
Georgia, read the rule to which he referred. It was
the old 21st rule on the subject of abolition petit,
tions.
Mr. BLACK said he understood that rule had
been omitted from the report which had been made
to the House; it was useless to mince the matter; and,
for the purpose of testing the sense of the House, he
moved the instructions which he had stated; and on
that motion he called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. DAVIS of Indiana said he was the imme-
diate cause of some of the difficulties which now
presented themselves. On a former occasion he
voted in favor of this rule, under a misapprehension
of its language and its purport, and hence, probably,
he had been named as a member of this committee—
for the Speaker doubtless appointed committees
with a reference to their views and opinions; and for
the purpose of relieving the House and the Chair,
he wished to intimate that it was his intention to
ask to be relieved from service on that committee,
that the Speaker might appoint the committee in
accordance with the views of the House.
Mr. GILMER rose to a question of order. He
contended that the report of the Select Committee
on Rules was no more a privileged question than
the report of any other committee. If in this he
was right, the subject was improperly before the
House, and the motion of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Dromgoole,] and the amendment of the
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Black,] were both
out of order. He regretted that there was so much
excitement in relation to this subject at this time.
He had been two years a member of this House,
and he never before heard the language of defiance
so boldly used as it had been this day. He hoped
this report would take its proper place on the
Speaker's table; and when it came up in order, the
motion and its amendments would be in order.
Mr. BLACK desired to say a few words in reply
to the gentleman from Virginia. He had not ex-
pected reproof from that quarter.
Mr. GILMER said he had not the gentleman
from Georgia in his mind when he spoke. He was
alluding to gentlemen upon the other side.
Mr. BLACK said he certainly meant, in his re-
marks upon the motion before the House, to defy
some persons. He meant to defy the majority of
the Committee upon the Rules, if they were dis-
posed to report to the House such a set of rules as
did not correspond entirely to the rules of the 27th
Congress. He meant to defy the majority of that
House, if they were disposed to adopt a set of rules
which did not comprise all those of the 27th Con-
gress. He repeated that defiance now; and when it
was urged upon him to keep cool, he would only re-
ply that his constituents at home would be ill-satis-
fied with him, and they would be perfectly right, if
he were to keep cool when their privihges were in-
vaded.
Mr. CARROLL called the gentleman to order.
He asked whether it was in order to bid defiance to
a committee of the House.
Mr. BLACK said he did notmean to be out of order,
nor would he embarrass the House or the Chair, if
he was out of order, the Speaker would set him right,
and he would endeavor to go on in order. He in-
tended merely to ask for the yeas and nays upon
the motion; and in doing so, he desired to say that
if h« were to exhibit that certain degree of cootneB*
