Feb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
121
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Beker.
H. of Eeps
number of constituents; and therefore, that the as-
sumption of a ratio, as representing the common
number of constituents, is not called for by the con-
stitution. All that Congress is at liberty to do, as
it would seem, is to divide the whole representative
power of the Union into twenty-four parts, assigning
one part to each State as nearly as practicable, ac-
cording to its right, and leaving all. subsequent ar-
rangement, and all subdivisions, to the State itself."
He trusted that, the authorities which he had cited
sufficiently proved that a representative on this floor,
elected by the people of a district in a State, was
elected by the people of that State.
The second clause of the constitution, which bore
upon this question, was in the following words:
"The times, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions for senators and representatives, shall be pre-
scribed in each State by the legislature thereof; but
the Congress may, at any time, by law, make or al-
ter such regulations, except as to the places of choos
ing senators."
The majority of the committee, in their report, had
attempted to introduce a principle which could not
be sustained. In the construction of statutes, the
current of authorities go to establish the position
that there was no difference in effect between the
words "shall" and "may;" and he would refer his
friend from Connecticut [Mr. Catlin] to the digest
of one of the ablest men once of that State, (Judge
Swift,) where he would find this doctrine fully sus-
tained. He knew that there were a few contrarient
decisions, and one of them, he believed, in,the State
of Pennsylvania; but in the first Peter's reports,
page 64, the Supreme Court of the United States
ha* said that "it is a general rule, in the construc-
tion of public statutes, that the word 'may' is to be
construed 'must' in all cases." In furtherance of
his views on this branch of the subject, he would
ask, what was the condition of the government,
when the fourth section of the first article of the con-
stitution was adopted? There was then no Congress;
it was "in embryo," afterwards to derive existence
from the action of the States. The States were com-
manded to prescribe, by the legislatures thereof,
"the times, places, and manner of holding elections
for senators and representatives;" and these "sen-
ators and representatives;" thus chosen, were to form
the Congress, which, at any time after it should thus
obtain vitality, might, "by law, make or alter such
regulations," "except as to the places of choosing
senators." In a word, the power of prescribing
"the times, places, and manner of holding elections
for senators and representatives," was primarily,
from necessity, lodged in the States, and ultimately
in the government, when it should act through
Congress. The word "shall" was more impera-
tive than the word "may," before Congress was
fairly in esse; but after it obtained a being, the one
then became as potent as the other.
The States had been represented here for upwards
of hedf a century. Where did they derive their
power to be thus represented, if not from the fourth
section of the first article of the constitution? If
they had it under the second section of the first ar-
ticle, where was the use of incorporating in the con-
stitution the fourth section of the first article? The
framers of the constitution were guilty of no such
absurdity; and, independently of this latter clause of
the constitution, the States had no right to repre-
sentation on this floor. This fourth section had
the most important bearing in this case; and on a
true construction of it, the question must be decided.
To "make," then meant to "create" or to "pro-
duce;" to "alter," to "change" something already
existing. Congress then could "create" or "pro-
duce" another law in relation to the matter, different
from the laws of the States; or it could alter the
regulations which had already been made by the
States. The reason why the States had been send-
ing representatives here upwards of halfa century,
elected as they saw fit, was because Congress had
not thought it proper, until its 27th session, to alter
the regulations of the State governments in regard to
elections. They had, until then, permitted the
power to remain dormant; but the act in review be-
fore this body had put the power into exercise, and
thus had changed the complexion of the question.
Gentlemen might term him n latitudinarian, or
whatever else they pleased; but he said when
these States delegated power to the Congress of the
United States, on the principles of polity and jus-
tice, they were bound to aid in carrying that dele-
gated power into effect. What kind of State gov-
ernments are those who, after they have conferred a
power in the national head, immediately attempt to )'
embarrass the legislative department of the Union,
in their efforts to carry it into execution? Or what
would be thought of an individual who, after ma-
king a fair contract, and enjoying his portion of the
benefit of it, withholds his aid to carry it out ac-
cording to the true intention of the parties? As a
democrat on this floor, whatever might be his per-
sonal feelings towards the honorable gentlemen con-
cerned, he would never, under the circumstances,
sanction, by his vote, their claims to their seats.
While guarding against the centripetal force of this
government, let them not go off by the centrifugal
tendency. While endeavoring to escape the rock,
let them not fall into the whirlpool. The practice
of parties in this government had been to extremes.
While the ultras on one side were dashing it to pieces
on the rock of consolidation, those on the other
were running it into the vortex of revolution. Mr.
B. was disposed to steer clear of both—to practise
upon the maxim, in medio tmnissimus ibis—in or-
der thus to bring the republic itself into the haven
of safety.
Mr.""B., alluding to the arguments that had been
advanced on the opposite side, said that the cotem-
poraneous construction of this government was in
favor of the validity of the law. In his humble
judgment, there was not a pretext for a plausible
argument against it on this ground. At the time
this clause was adopted by the framers of the con-
stitution, it met with but little opposition in that
body. The conclusive speech of Mr. Madison in
its behalf silenced all objection, for it was adopted
without a dissentient vote by any State; and it was
not until afterwards, when this constitution had to
be ratified by the States in their conventions, that
hostilities to it originated, both in and out of those
conventions. "The objection (says Judge Story)
was not to that part of the clause which vests in
the State legislatures the power of prescribing
the times, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions; for, so far, it was a surrender of power
to the State governments. But it was to the su-
perintending power of Congress to make or alter
such regulations. It was said that such a super-
intending power would be dangerous to the liberties
of the people, and to a just exercise of their privi-
leges in elections. Congress might prescribe the
times of election so unreasonably, or the place at so
inconvenient a distance from the body of the elec-
tors, as to prevent a due exercise of choice. And
Congress might contrive the manner of holding elec-
tions so as to exclude all but their own favorites
from office. They might modify the right of elec-
tions as they should please; they might regulate the
number of votes by the quantity of property, with-
out involving any repugnancy to the constitution.
These and other suggestions of a similar nature,
calculated to spread terror and alarm among the
people, were dwelt upon with peculiar emphasis."
He knew that the gentleman from New Jersey,
[Mr. Elmer,] and other distinguished gentlemen in
the other branch of the legislature and in this, had said
that the cotemporaneous construction given to this
clause of the constitution by the States in their con-
ventions for a ratification of that instrument, was
against the validity of this law. This was one
error into which gentlemen had fallen. Six of the
thirteen original States had said nothing against the
power; seven of them had opposed this power being
given to Congress; but it was equally true that, al-
though those seven States had inveighed against it,
they had come into the government recognising
it. He would now advert to the action of these
seven States upon the question, to show that his
statement in regard to their opinions was correct.
He would commence with Massachusetts and end
with Rhode Island.
1. MASSACHUSETTS.
"The convention do therefore recommend that
the following alterations and provisions be intro-
duced into the said constitution:
"That Congress do not exercise the powers vested
in them by the fourth section of the first article,
but in cases when a State shall neglect or refuse to
make the regulations therein mentioned, or shall
make regulations subversive of the rights of the peo-
ple to a free and equal representation in Congress
agreeably to the constitution.
"And the convention do, in the name and behalf
of the people of this Commonwealth, enjoin it upon
their representatives in Congress, at all times, until the
alterations and provisions aforesaid shall haye beea
considered, agreeably to the fifth article of said consti-
tution,- to exert all their influence, and use ali rea-
sonable and legal methods, to obtain a ratification of
the said alterations and provisions, in such manners
as is provided for in the said article."
2. south carolina.
"And whereas it is essential to the. preserration of
the rights reserved to the several States, and the
freedom of the people, under the operations of a
general government, that the right of prescribing the '
manner, time, and places of holding the ejections to
the federal legislature, should be forever insepara-
bly annexed to the sovereignty of the several States:
This convention doth declare, that the same ought
to remain, to all posterity, a perpetual and funda-
mental right in the local, exclusive of the interfer-
ence of the general government, es;cspt in cases
where the legislatures of the States shall refuse or
neglect to perform and fulfil the same, according to
the tenor of the said constitution."
"Resolved, That it is a standing instruction to all
such delegates as may hereafter be elected to repre-
sent this State in the general government, to exert -
their utmost abilities and influence to effect an altera-
tion of the constitution conformably to the aforego.
ing resolutions."
3. new hampshire.
"The convention do therefore recommend that
the following: alterations and provisions be intro-
duced into the said constitution:
"III. That Congress do not exercise the powers
vested in them by the fourth section of the first arti-
cle, but in cases when a State sXall neglcct or refuse
to make the regulations therein mentioned, or shall
make regulations subversive of the rights of the peo-
ple to a free and equal representation in Congress;
nor shall Congress in any case make regulations
contrary to a free and equal representation."
"And the convention do, ia the name and in be-
half of the people of this State, enjoin it upon their
representatives in Congress, at all times, until the
alterations and provisions aforesaid have been con-
sidered agreeably to the fifth article of the said con-
stitution, to exert all their influence, and use all
reasonable and legal methods, to obtain a ratification
of the said alterations and provisions, in such man-
ner as is provided in the said article."
4. VIRGINIA.
"XVI. The Congress shall not alter, modify, or
interfere in the times, places, or manner of holding
elections for senatois and representatives, or either
of them, except when the legislature of any State
shall neglect, refuse, or be disabled by invasion or
rebellion, to prescribe the same."
"As the convention do, in the name and behalf of
the people of this Commonwealth, enjoin it upon
their representatives in Congress to exert all their
influence, and use all reasonable and legal methods,
to obtain a ratification of the foregoing alterations
and provisions, in the manner provided by the fifth
article of the said constitution; and m all congres-
sional laws to be passed in the mean time, to con-
form to the spirit of these amendments, as far as the
said constitution will admit."
5. new york.
"That nothing contained in the said constitution
is to be construed to prevent the legislature of any
State from passing laws, at its discretion, from time
to time, to divide such State into convenient districts,
and to apportion its representatives to and amongst
such districts."
"Under these impressions, and declaring that the
rights aforesaid cannot be abridged or violated, and
that the explanations aforesaid are consistent with
the said constitution; and in confidence that the
amendments, which shall have been proposed to the
said constitution, will receive an early and mature
consideration: We, the «aid delegates, in the nam©
and in the behalf of the people of the State of New
York, do, by these presents, assent to and ratify the
said constitution. In full confidence, nevertheless,
that until a convention shall be called and convened
for proposing amendments to the said constitution,"
t******* "that the Congress
will not make or alter any regulation in this State,
respecting the times, places, and manner of .holding
elections for senators or representatives, unless the
legislature of this State shall neglect or refuse to
make such laws or regulations for the purpose, or from
any circumstance be incapable of making the same;
and that in those cases, such power will only be ex-
