122
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1844.
"28th Cong.....1st Sess.
Reporrt of the Committee■ of Elections—Mr. Belser.
H. of Reps.
erased until the legislature of this State shall make
provision in the premises.",.
"Arid the convention do, in the name and behalf
of the people of the-State of New York, enjoin it
upon their representatives in the Congress, to exert
all their influence, and use all reasonable means, to
obtain a ratification of the following amendments to
the said constitution, in the manner prescribed there-
in; and in all laws to be passed by Congress, in the mean
time, to conform, to the spirit of tin said amendments, ms '
far as the canstitutign will admit."
"That the Congress shall not make or alter any
regulation, in any State, respecting the times, places,
and manner of holding elections for senators or rep-
resentatives, unless the legislature of such State shall
neglect or refuse to make laws or regulations for the.
purpose, or from any circumstance be incapable'of
making the.same; and then only until the legislature
of such State shall make provision in the premises:.
provided that Congress may. prescribe the time for
the election of representatives."
6. NORTH CAROLINA.
"That Congress shall not alter, modify, or in-
terfere in the times, places, or manner of holding
elections for senators and representatives, or either
of them, except -when the legislature of any State
shall neglect, refuse, or be disabled, by invasion or
rebellion, to prescribe the same."
7. RHODE ISLAND.
"We, the said delegates, in the name and in be-
half of the people of the State of Rhode Island and
Providence Plantations, do-by these presents assent
to and ratify the said constitution. In full confi-
dence, nevertheless, that, until the amendments here-
after proposed and undermentioned shall be agreed
to and ratified, pursuant to the aforesaid fifth ar-
ticle," * * * "the Congress will
not make or alter any regulation in this State re-
specting the times, places, and manner of holding
elections for senators or representatives, unless the
legislature of this State shall neglect or refuse to
make laws or regulations for the purpose, or from
any circumstance be incapable of making the same;
and that in those cases such power will only be ex-
ercised until the legislature of this State shall make
provision in the premises."
"And the convention do, in the name and behalf
of the people of the State of Rhode Island and Pro-
vidence Plantations, enjoin it upon their senators
and representative or representatives which may
be elected to represent this State in Congress, to ex-
ert all their influence, and use all reasonable means,
fo obtain a ratification of the following amendments
to the said constitution, in the manner prescribed
therein; and, in all laws to be passed by the Con-
gress in the mean time, to confirm to the spirit of
the said amendments, as far as the constitution will
admit."
"II. That Congress shall not alter, modify, or in-
terfere in the times, places, or manner of holding
elections for senators and representatives, or either
of them, except when the legislature of any State
shall neglect, refuse, or be disabled by invasion or
rebellion, to prescribe the same, or in case when the
provision made by the State is so imperfect as that
no consequent election is had; and then only until
the legislature of such State shall make provision in
the premises."
Having gone through with the recorded opinions
of Massachusetts, South Carolina, New Hampshire,
Virginia, New York, North Carolina, and Rhode
Island, clearly establishing the fact that none of
these States ever questioned that the power existed
in Congress, by the constitution, he would next re-
sort to the arguments of gome of the great men of
that day. In the "Virginia convention, Patrick
Henry declared:
"The control given to Congress will totally de-
stroy the end of suffrage." * ' "Congress is
to have a discretionary coi>trol over the time, place,
and manner of election. The representatives are to
be elected, consequently, when and where they
please. As to the time and place, gentlemen have
attempted to obviate the objection, by saying that
the time is to happen once in two years', and that the
place is to be within a particular district, or in the
respective counties. But how will they obviate the
danger of referring the manner of election to Con-
gress? * * * "The power over the manner ad-
mits of the most dangerous latitude. They may
modify it as they please."
.And Mr, Madison, in reply to Mr. Monroe, in the
same convention—Mr. Madison whose admirable
speech on that subject, can never be forgotten—re-
marked:
"It was found impossible to fix the time, place,
and manner of the election of representatives, in
the.constitution. It was found necessary to leave
the regulation of these, in the first place, to the State
governments, as being best acquainted with the situ-
ation of the people, subject to the control of the
general government, in order to produce uniformity
and prevent its own dissolution."
At the very first session of the first Congress, in
August, 1789, Mr. Burke of South Carolina, true to
the request of that State, while other amendments to
the constitution were pending, submitted the follow-
ing: v
"Congress shall not alter, modify, or interfere in
the times, places, or manner of holding elections of
senators or representatives, except when any State
shall refuse, or neglect, or be unable, by invasion or
rebellion, to make such elections."
A protracted debate took place at the time, and
Mr. Burke's amendment was lost by a vote of—
ayes 23, noes 28, Mr. Madison voting' in the negative.
So far, then,Trom the first Congress denying the pow-
er to exist, as'I htfve contended against, they refused
to adopt Mr. Burke's motion. So much, then, for
the contemporaneous construction, always "properly
resorted to, to illustrate and confirm the text, to ex-
plain a doubtful phrase, or to expound an obscure
clause; and in proportion to the uniformity and uni-
versality of that construction, and the known ability
and talents of those by whom it was given, is the
credit to which it is entitled."
He now would come down to 1817; for he was
going to trace, not only the colemporaneoxis construc-
tion, but the action of Congress upon this question,
to the present time, in order to give the reasons why
he could not conscientiously vote that these gentle-
men retain their seats on this floor. The legisla-
tures of Massachusetts and North Carolina, in 1817,
again attempted to get rid of this power, but failed,
and one or two years afterwards renewed their at-
tempt with no better success.
In 1823, Mr. McDuffie of South Carolina made
an elaborate report, in which the subjoined passages
appear:
"It has been said that the times, places, and man-
ner of electing the members of this House are now
liable to be prescribed by the legislatures of the sev-
eral States, subject to the controlling and super-
seding power of Congress." * * * * «jf ^
should happen to this, as it has happened to all
other free countries, that the administration of the
republic should fall into the hands of a faction of
men, who, having acquired power by corrupt com-
binations, would be disposed to retain it in opposi-
tion to the will of the people, and to exert it in op-
position to their interests, the power in question
would become exceedingly dangerous. It is in such
periods that the barriers of the constitution are most
essential; because it is in such periods that those
from whose reluctant grasp the sceptre of dominion
is about to be wrested by an indignant people, are
exposed to the strongest temptations to perpetuate
their authority by every desperate expedient not ab-
solutely prohibited." * * * * "It is suscepti-
ble of demonstration, that the elections might be so
arranged by a party in power, that a small minority
of the people would elect a majority of the national
representatives. The mode of operation would be
various, according to varying circumstances. Some-
times the object would be accomplished by changing
the district into the general-ticket system; some-
times by an artificial arrangement of the districts;
and sometimes by a skilful combination of both.
As nothing is too desperate for a faction struggling
for existence, let us suppose that they should pre-
scribe, (as they would have the unquestionable pow-
er to prescribe,) in all those States where a majority
of the people were favorable to their purposes, that
representatives should be elected by general ticket—-
thus suppressing the voice of the minority; and that
all the States opposed to their domination should be
divided into districts, in such a manner that a minor-
ity of the people should elect a majority of repre-
sentatives," &a. * v * * "The committee,
therefore, feel the deepest conviction that the power
now vested in Congress, of controlling the election
of its own members, is utterly inconsistent with
every just conception of constitutional liberty, and
ought no longer to exist."
This enlightened statesman, then the brightest star
of the South, in the fulness of fame and intellect,
speaks of it as "the controlling and superseding
power of Congress." And the Supreme Court of
the United States, in the great case of Martin, .heir
at law and devisee of Fairfax, us. Hunter's Ipssee,
used still stronger language, in regard to the extent
of this superseding power vested in Congress. That
court, in the case referred to, said: "It is a mistake
that the constitution was not designed to operate up-
on States in their corporate capacities. It is crowd-
ed with provisions which restrain or annul the sov-
ereignty of the States, in some of the highest
branches of their prerogatives. The tenth section
of the first article contains a long Mist of disabilities
andjprohibitions, enforced upon the States. Surely,
when such essential features of State sovereignty
are taken away, or prohibited to be exercised, it
cannot be correctly asserted that the constitution
does not act upon the States. The language of the
constitution is also imperative upon the States as to the
performance of many duties. It is imperative upon the
State legislatures to make laws prescribing ' the times,
places, and manner of holding elections for senators and
representatives,'' and 'for electors of President and Vice
President.' Jind in these, as well as in other cases,
Congress have a right TO REVISE, AMEND, OR,
SUPERSEDE THE LAWS which may be passed
by State legislatures. When, therefore, the States are.
stripped of some of the highest attributes of sovereignty,
and the same are given to the United States," then "the
legislatures of the States are, in some respects, under
the control op Congress, and, in every case, are,
under the constitution, bou/nd by the paramount au-
thority of the United States."
Again, in the case of concurrent jurisdiction be-
tween the general and State governments, the same
court has said: "But, in cases of concurrent authority,
where the laws of the States and of the Union are in
direct and manifest collision on the same subject, those
of the Union, being the supreme law of the land, are of
paramount authority; and the State laws, so far, and so
far only, as such incompatibility exists, must yield."
(See 5 Wheaton's Reports, p. 1.)
He would now take up the action of Congress
when it had passed this law. Would honorable
gentlemen tell him what was to govern them? If the
solemn adjudications of the legislative department of
this government, for a period of upwards of half a
century, could not furnish gentlemen arguments on
this floor, he was at a loss to know, where they
would get them. Tell him not, as a conclusive rea-
son, that the Congress which passed this law was
a whig Congress. Such an argument had but little
influence on him, while engaged in the performance
of a delicate and responsible duty. He admitted
that the waves of faction, for the last few years, had
run almost mountain high—that society had been
convulsed to its centre; but he never would make
the humiliating concession, that, on a grave constitu-
tional question like this, the Congress of the United
States was to be swayed by any such rash consid-
erations? Had not the subject at that time under-
gone a discussion in this House, and in the oiher?
and had not members of both parties voted for th«
passage of the law? Had not all the arguments
which bore on the question then been set forth? If
they looked into the debates of tha't time, they found
that the whole contemporaneous history had been
ransacked, to do away with the expediency of this
law, and also to fix its unconstitutionality; and yet,
notwithstanding this, Congress had passed it, and it
had become a law, according to the forms of the
constitution, and still these States disregarded it.
What had been the action of most of the States
themselves, in relation to the law? Why, all of
them, except the four States already mentioned, had
complied with the whole of its provisions; even the
great State of New York, with her elevated states-
men, who had examined the whole question, had not
concluded to set this law at defiance. Were these
precedents to have no influence? Were the contem-
poraneous construction of the clause—the resolu-
tions of Massachusetts and North Carolina subse-
quently—the report of Mr. McDuffie, and the
passage of the law itself, to have no weight with
members? If all this would not have an influence,
it appeared to him that there were some men in that
House who would not believe, though it were
preached from the dead." For one, he most solemnly
protested against his vote on this law being viewed
as a departure frpm party principles, as had al-
ready been whispered in this hall. He was no
machine, to be operated upon in that way. He
would adhere to his party when he thought it
right; and would abanctcn it whenever he believed it
wrong.
But (remarked Mr. B.) this law had been said tt 
