108
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBfi.
went on to express his -views at great length; a re-
port of which will be published hereafter.
Mr. CLINGMAN of North Carolina, a$er a
few preliminary observations, said that he was op-
posed to the 21st rule, and in favor of receiving all
these petitions; and should, therefore, vote against
that rule. He believed the right of petition to be a
.constitutional right, arid that the most injurious
consequences had resulted from restraining it. He
had for some time past been of the opinion that there
had been much mismanagement on this subject, so
far as Southern interests were concerned, and that a
change of policy had now become necessary. To
show the unconstitutionality of any restriction on
the right of petition, he would just refer to the case
of the District of Columbia. He apprehended no-
body would deny that the citizens of this District
had the constitutional right to petition Congress on
this subject; but this rule prevented them from
doing so. Some of his Southern friends had taken
the ground that in this country there was no such
thing as the right of petition, because the people,
being sovereigns, had a right to instruct, instead of
petitioning their servants. Now he should like to
know what sovereign rights the people of this Dis-
trict had. They could not elect a member of Con-
gress, nor vpte for a President, nor exercise any
other right of sovereignty. All that was left them
was the right of petition, which this 21st rule re-
stricted. He was, however, told that the people of
the District did not desire the legislation of Con-
gress on the subject. But this did not alter the
question; for whether the people desire to petition
or not, Congress had no power to take away the
right from them.
In regard to the manner of treating these petitions,
he agreed with the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Beardsley,] that though Congress was bound to
receive them, and give them a respectful hearing,
they were by no means bound to grant the prayers
contained m tlieni. They had the right to reject
the prayer, though bound to receive the petition.
There was no country in which the right of petition
did not exist. In England it was unlimited, and the
liberal party there always planted themselves on
that object. But it was objected by some of his
southern friends, that, to claim the right of petition,
the petitioners must have redress of grievances to
petition for, which these abolition petitioners had not.
.Now, what were their grievances? Were they not
the judges' If the Government assumed to itself
the right to judge of what was the grievance and
what was not, it would destroy the right of petition,
for the petitioners themselves must have the
right to judge of and state their grievances. That
being done, Congress, after hearing the petition,
might decide that the subject embraced in it
was not a grievance. They had a right to re-
ject the prayer, but at all events, they were
bound to give the petition a respectful hearing. He
did not believe that the reception and reference of
abolition petitions would ever do any harm to the
South. Until there should be a majority of the
House favorable to the prayers of such petitions",
he did not care how many came in; and when there
should be such majority, every man must see that
their first action on this subjcct would be followed
up by a dissolution of the Union. He had, how-
ever, no such apprehensions. He took it for
granted, that there was too much good sense
at the North ever to hazard the existence of
the Union for the sake of abolishing slavery in this
ten miles square. He believed that the course taken
by gentlemen of the South on this subject had given
the abolitionists great advantage over them. Look
at the votes here in favor of the right of petition.
Did gentlemen believe that those who voted in this
way were abolitionists? For his part, he had no
reason to believe that there was an abolitionist on
that floor. After expressing his approbation of the
remarks of the gentlemen from JNew York and
Maine, [Messrs Beardsley and Hamlin,] he de-
clared his wish to have this subject brought to a
direct vote m the House, in order to see who were
for preserving the compromises in the Constti-
tion, and who were against it. He believed
that a majority of the North stood on the
same grounds with the gentlemen from New York
and Maine; and he therefore had no fears of legis-
lating on it. The course hitherto pursued bySouth-
ern gentlemen was calculated to put their friends in
the North in a delicate and dangerous position at
home which they could not sustain; and, as it was
of no manner of advantage to the South, he hoped
they would from it. Jt was knewn that tJs?
South stood in/a position somewhat delicate in ref-
erence to our foreign relations. England, who had
abolished slavery in her West India islands, was
seeking to interfere. with the institution in other
countries, though she had several millions of slaves
in her East India possessions. He had no reliance
on the sincerity of the British Government.
Mr. HOX.MES asked if the gentleman would
permit him to give him a piece of information. Mr.
C. assenting, and yielding the floor for that purpose,
Mr. H. said he had learned from unquestioned au-
thority, that the British Colonial Government of
Madras had, by an order in council of last May,
taken steps to liberate their East India slaves.
Mr. CLINGMAN continued. He thought the
South ought to ask of the North no more than what
was right; and that was, to stand by the Constitu-
tion. They had no right to object to the reception
and reference of these petitions. They should not,
by their course, irritate those who were already too
much excited on the subject. Mr. C., in conclu-
sion, deprecated the excitement which designing
persons, both at the North and at the South, had
endeavored to create on this subject, and gave it as
his opinion that the best way to allay it was to re-
ceive the petitions, and let them take the ordinary
course.
Mr. DUNCAN expressed the desire to make a
few remarks on the subject, and moved that the
House adjourn; which motion was carried without
a division; and
The House adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 6, 1844.
Mr. HOUSTON rose, when the journal of yes-
terday was read, to correct an erroneous report of
a question which he yesterday asked the Speaker,
and of the Speaker's answer thereto, so that both
himself and the Speaker might stand right before the
people; and he was understood to say that his mo-
tion for the precious question was for the purpose
of cutting off debate, and not (as would appear
from the Globe's report) to get rid of the proposi-
tion to recommit the report with instructions.
CHARTER OP THE CITY OF WASHINGTON.
Mr. WELLER, pursuant to notice heretofore
given, obtained leave to introduce a bill to amend
and continue in force the act for the incorporation
of the city of Washington. It was read twice, and
committed to the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia.
CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. NEWTON presented some additional testi-
mony in the case of the contested election of Mr. J.
W. J ones, of Virginia; which was referred to the
Committee of Elections.
JUVENILE OFFENDERS.
Mr. THOMASSON remarked that business for a
friend had caused him to visit the penitentiary since
his arrival in the city, and that he had seen two
youths there, as convicts, whom he thought too
young to be in such an establishment; that a
newspaper of yesterday announced the arrest of
two other boys, for stealing lace of the value of §10,
and selling it to a woman for twenty-five cents.
This, by the laws of his State, and, he supposed,
by the laws of the District, was grand larceny, and
would subject the offenders to confinement in the
penitentiary. He esteemed such punishment cruel
to persons of their age and discretion; for their
conduct in selling exhibits a lack of capacity; and
he was unwilling to see persons so young cut off
from society forever, as they inevitably would be
if made the associates of men hardened in crime.
He desired to see everywhere, but especially in the
DisU'ict, a house of refuge and correction, where
juvenile offenders could be placed, that, by force of
precept and example, they may be reformed and
restored to society, and thus consummate the para-
mount object of all criminal law, viz. the reforma-
tion of the offender. He therefore moved the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee for the District of
Columbia be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency and propriety of providing, by law, for the
punishment of youthful offenders other than by con-
finement in the penitentiary.
The resolution was objected to; and therefore was
not received,
APPROPRIATIONS FOR THE GOVERNMENT.
M. A. STEWART submitted the following re-
selutisn; whish,h« said, if adopttd, should b# adopted
speedily, before the committee had reported the ap-
propriation bills. By adopting the resolution, there
would be a surplus instead of a deficit in the treas-
ury at the end of the year:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed so to limit the appropriations
for the support of Government for the next fiscal
year as not to exceed the amount appropriated by
the last Congress for the year 1843.
Objections were made to its reception.
Mr. A. STEWART moved a suspension of the
rules for the purpose of getting in his resolution;
and on this he asked for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered; and the
motion to suspend was not adopted—two-thirds not
voting for the motion.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. FICKLIN gave notice that he would, on
Monday next, or some day thereafter, ask leave to
introduce a bill granting a portion of the public
lands in the Palestine, Vincennes, and Shawnee-
town lands districts, for the improvement of the
Wabash and Ohio rivers.
He also gave notice that he would, on Monday
next, or some day thereafter, ask leave to introduce
a bill granting a portion of the unsold public lands
in the Vandalia and Iiaskaskia land districts, for the
improvement of the navigation of the Kaskaskia
river.
THE RULES OF THE HOUSE.
The unfinished business of yesterday was the
motion in relation to the report of the Select Com-
mittee on the Rules of the House; which was pend-
ing at the adjournment yesterday, on which the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Duncan] was entitled to
the floor.
Mr. T. SMITH offered an amendment to the
amendment, as follows:
"Petitions, memorials, resolutions, and other pa-
pers, praying the abolition of slavery in the District
of Columbia, or any State or Territory, or the slave
trade between the States and Territories of the
United States in which it now exists, shall all be
received and laid upon the table, or referred, as the
House may direct, without debate."
Mr. DUNCAN did not think it in order, or proj>
per, for any gentleman to offer an amendment at this
time.
The SPEAKER replied that "the amendment had
been read for the information of the House.
Mr. DUNCAN then proceeded to address the
House on the pending question. He said he had
been, for some time, anxious to place himself right
before those whom he had the honor to represent,
and before the American people; and he would first
observe that, a few days before the election at which
he was a candidate for a seat in this House, he re-
ceived a communication from an abolition society,
containing interrogatories; to which he responded.
In that response he deprecated slavery as an evil ip
the abstract; and he deprecated it in pretty severe
terms, as not only an evil in itself, but an evil as
great to the slave-owner or slaveholder as to the
slave himself; and he referred, in support of his
position, to the state and condition of the States in
which slavery existed. But, in that same commu-
nication, he also deprecated modern abolition; and he
said explicitly that Congress had no power to legis-
late on that subject nor to grant the prayer of their
petitions. He subsequently found that that portion
of the response which denounced slavery was ex-
tensively published in many of the newspapers of
this'country; but that part in which he denounced
modern abolition was not published—why, he knew
not; but hence the public mind had received the im-
pression that he was an abolitionist, and he was
happy now to have the opportunity to set himself
right.
However, in relation to the rule which is now the
subject of debate, he was always opposed to it. He
held the right of petition to be a sacred right, and a
constitutional right; and, further, he held that the
petitioners were the proper judges of the subjects
on which they should petition. It was not an un-
frequent circumstance that petitions were presented,
asking for the action of Congress on subjects over
which Congress had no authority, and praying for
privileges which Congress had no power to grant
—no constitutional power to grant; and yet it was
the practice of the House to receive such petitions,
to refer them, and to report upon them, leaving the
petitioners to judge of the propriety of petitioning
upon th«n- H« sould not, h<?wew, go the leng€
