CONGRESSIONilL GLOBE.
109
to which the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Bearbsley] went yesterday. When speaking of
the power of Congress over this District, the gen-
tleman should not have spoken in the manner in
which he did speak. When they spoke of the
power of Congress, they must speak with reference
to the constitutional power of Congress, and the
purposes for which it was conferred on the Federal
Government; and he would ask what this Govern-
ment had to do with the abolition of slavery in the
different States of this Union? Congress could ex-
ercise no powers at all except such as were surren-
dered to it; and he would not admit that to the Fed-
eral Government was surrendered the control over
the slaves; and it would be to transcend the power
of Congress to make the attempt. Over this little
State—for the District of Columbia was a State in
every sense of the word—Congress had exclusive
jurisdiction, but it had no powers that were not
warranted by the States that made the cession, 01-
by the Constitution itself. And was there a State
in this Union whose Legislature (and he admitted
that Congress had as much power over this District
as a State Legislature had over the States by which
they were created) would attempt to exercise its
power over the institution of slavery, unless in obe-
dience to the voice of a majority of the people of
that State? And the time for Congress to act on this
subject would be when the people of this District
themselves petitioned for the abolition of slavery.
When they expressed that wish, then he believed
Congress could act upon it, and not before.
Hence it is, said Mr. D., that I am opposed
to the rule, because it prohibits the citizens of this
District from petitioning Congress for the abolition
of slavery within the District. The rule not only
prohibits the people of the States of this Union—
who, I acknowledge, have no right to do so—from
petitioning Congress for the abolition of slavery
within the District of Columbia, but it also prohibits
the people of the District, who have an undoubted,
an indisputable right. It belongs to them especially
and exclusively to control the affairs of the District;
and 110 State has the right to interfere with them.
So completely distinct and separate do I regard the
sovereignty and independence of the States to be,
that, in my opinion, there would be as much pro-
priety in the citizens of Ohio petitioning the Auto-
crat of Russia for the abolition of slavery in that
country, as in petitioning Congress for the abolition
of slavery within the District of Columbia. So
complete is that independence, that no one State has,
or ought to have, any control whatever over the in-
stitutions of another, or any right to interfere with
the institutions of another. I remember, when I
was a youth, I was taught that "six days shalt thou
labor, and do all that thou hast to do; but the sev-
enth day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God. In
it thou shalt do no manner of work—thou, nor thy
son, nor thy daughter, thy man-servant, nor thy
maid-servant, nor thy cattle-," which means, I sup-
pose, that we are not to work our oxen, our horses,
or mules. Well now, suppose the people of
Virginia should petition the Legislature of Ohio
to prevent them from working their horses, oxen,
and mules on the Sabbath: there would be as much
propriety in this as for the people of Ohio to petition
Congress for the abolition of slavery in the District
of Columbia. The one would not be a greater in-
terference with the domestic institutions.of an inde-
pendent State than the other. I do not intend to
class negroes with oxen and mules, however; I mere-
ly mention this for the purpose of illustration. At
the same time, all my feelings are against slavery,
as much so as any man's can be; but I deny the
right of the people of other States and Territories to
interfere with the institutions of any particular State
or Territory. I deny the right of Congress to ex-
ercise any power as regards this District, except such
as the majority of the people of the District may
approve; that is the ground upon which I press the
question. But a question may arise as to the
policy of the thing, whether it be politic to per-
mit other States to have any thing to say in the
matter; and I say, in regard to this, that if it be po-
litic in one instance, it will be in every other. If it
be politic to interfere with slavery in the District of
Columbia, it will be equally so to interfere with that
question in all the States of the Union. I ask gentleS
men, then, who'look upon the subject in an interested
point of view, whether they would be willing to see
three millionsjjf slaves set loose m this country—
filled as they are with hostile and revengeful feel-
ings—without the means of supporting themselves?
I*o, sir, they -v^ould not like to see it; they would
never consent to any such thing. As the gentle-
man from New York justly remarked the other
day, it would be not only impolitic, but dangerous.
It would endanger the existence of the Union. And
I ask the philanthopists in this House, whether it
would not place the unfortunate negro in a position
ten thousand times worse than the present. We
would have to guard our houses at night, as we
should be without confidence in their integrity. We
would be compelled to treat them as beasts of prey.
Turn them loose upon society with all the feelings
which prompt in them a spirit of revenge! Why,
it would be monstrous—it would be the greatest in-
fliction that was ever suffered by any community.
It would be so great an injury as to amount to the
complete destruction of the country. That would
be the effect of it. But again, I ask, what are you
going to do with them? Supposing the prayers of these
petitions to be granted, how are they to maintain
themselves? For that they are inferior to the
whites, no one can deny: they are inferior, both in their
mental and in their physical qualities—as inferior
as the ourang-outang is to them. What, then, are you
going to do with them, admitting that the prayers of
the petitions are granted, and admitting that this
abolition spirit be spread far and wide throughout
the country, and that Congress has the power to
emancipate every negro in the United States?
What are you going to do with them? Are you
going to colonize them? Examine the condition of
the African race at this time, in their own country.
Is it better than that of the slaves here? I doubt it.
When was the time, and where has been the place,
where they have maintained themselves, for any
length of time, independent and free? Show me
the time and place when and where they have
maintained a free government, unprotected
by white men. I know not where. Why, sir,
when Africa was conquered by the Roman
arms, and when the Christain religion was car-
ried into that country, if I have read history
correctly, (or rather, if the history^I have read be
correct,) there were something like five hundred
Christian meeting houses established the upon Afri-
can soil. So long as the Roman standard floated above
them, so long they stood; but the very moment that
the Roman power was withdrawn, that moment the
Africans were again barbarians.
And here let me remark another curious fact—that
there is 110 spot 011 the face of the earth but Africa,
where the Christian religion, being once planted, has
not taken root. There it cannot exist. It never has,
and in all probability it never will exist there. I do
not undertake to assign any reason for this,or to ex-
plain the origin of that race; it is said we are all of
the same family—that we are all descended from
Adam and Eve. As to this, I do not know; but
when we ask those who contend for this doctrine,
what it is that constitutes the difference between
the negro and the white m&n in external appearance
as well as in intellect, we are told it is climate, soil,
usages, customs, and manners. That a very marked
and palpable difference does exist, no one can doubt.
It is about three hundred years since the slavery of
the African race was commenced by the Portuguese.
Africans were then introduced into Europe, and sub-
sequently into America. The same biblical history
which impresses upon the mind of the philanthropist
that the negro is of the same race as the white man,
tells us that the world is six thousand years old. But
three hundred years have elapsed since the intro-
duction of slavery. For three hundred years, then,
the African has been under the protection of
European laws; yet, with all the advantages of
European protection, and the benefit of European
climate, of European habits, customs and manners,
the African—the direct descendant of the first Afri-
can ever introduced into Europe, if he can be found
—will be found to have a "skm as black, a nose as
flat, and shms as crooked, as they were when he
was first enslaved. [A laugh.]
Well, sir, about the same time, the Portuguese
established colonies on the coast of Africa, under
the same sun which is supposed to turn Africans
black, treading the same sands, and those colonies
have continued there from that time to the present;
and yet the Portuguese colonist is precisely the
same man he was when he first emigrated to Afri-
ca. Now, I ask the gentleman from Massachusetts,
and the gentleman from Ohio, (my colleague,) to
calculate (and they may work it out by any rule
they please) if the benefit of a European climate,
for 300 years, will make no difference at all, what
will 6,000 years make? If, after 300 years, his foot be
as flat, and the effluvia from Jus body as strong, what
difference will 6,000 years make? Ifany man on the
face of the earth is capable of attswerin$ fifis upon
principles of mored reasoning, I would like to hear
him. If any man is capable of doing it; the
man from Massachusetts is; and the next time lie
rises to defend the black population, and to place
them on a footing of "equality with American cM-.
zens, entitled to all the-benefit of our laws, I Hope
he will give us a full, an explanation upon this point.
We have seen, in 1838, '39 and '40, a continued
agitation upon this subject, which was growing ;to
be alarming. We have seen the slaveholders of die
South, and the abolitionists of the North, (o!r the
representatives of the abolitionists,) creating what
hrs been facetiously termed quite a "tempest in a
teapot." We have heard them declaring "war to
the knife, and the knife to the hilt;" dissolution
of the Union, and all that sort of thing. But we
have been taught at length to look upon this aboli-
tion question as apolitical hobby; and we have seen
this hobby ridden upon its bare, galled back, and
spurred until it was jaded almost to death.
What has been the result of these violent contests?
Notwithstanding the threats of each party to the
other—notwithstanding all this, in 1840, we saw an
amalgamation of the slaveholders of the South and
the abolitionists of the North, regardless of their
terrific threats to shed each other's blood,—we saw
them united to overthrow the Democratic candidate
in the presidential election. The Democratic Le-
gislature of Ohio had passed what they considered
an excellent law to prohibit the concealment of
negroes within the State. The election of 1840
followed, and we thought we deserved at least some
credit with the slavenolding interest for that act.
We thought that the slaveholders should have
united with the Democratic party in support of the
Democratic candidate. But what were we told by
some of those who were most active in the cam-
paign? We were told, "we care nothing about your
your law, your influence, or your protection. We
are able to protect our own property." That Was
the response.
Sir, 1 am induced to regard the whole question of
abolition, whether here or elsewhere, as a miserable,
contemptible hobby, too frequently introduced here
for the purpose of making capital at home, by South-
ern and Northern gentlemen. Talk about dissolving
the Union! Why, does any man suppose, because
a few individuals in this country (and a very
few indeed compared with, the great mass of the pop-
ulation) were desirous of abolishing slavery in the
District of Columbia, because they cannot have their
wishes gratified, that the Union is to be dissolved?
Sir, the Union does not stand on so slight a founda-
tion. There is something more to keep together
this Union, which, as has been well remarked, was
purchased by the blood of patriots. It has higher
objects to hold it together. All we have to do to
preserve the Union, is to keep every Government in
its orbit; all we have to do is to preserve the soveiv
eignty and independence of the several States—
that sovereignty and independence which the
Constitution secures to them. AH we have
to do in our legislative capacity, is to act in con-
formity with that sovereignty and independence,
and to maintain the power which the Constitution
has conferred upon us. That is all. That is the
duty which we owe to ourselves, to our constitu-
ents, and to the country. It is a duty imposed upon
us by the oath which we have taken, to maintain the
Constitution. No man can be so lost to his own
sense of theMuty which he owes the country, as to
think, for a single moment, that the Union is in
danger merely because a few individuals desire that
slavery should be abolished in the District of
Columbia.
Gentlemen of the South need not be so alarmed
as the gentleman from Georgia appeared to be the
other day; he may set his mind perfectly at ease re-
specting the designs of the people of the North and
the West. The people of the Sooth have little to
fear from them. They are as much opposed to the
abolition of slavery in this District as the people of
the South are. They are as much opposed in a po-
litical sense, knowing the evil that would result to
the country generally. They have as much interest
in the preservation of the political institutions of this
country, on account of their own personal safety, as
the people of the South have in the protection of
their slaves.
I trust that the rules will be adopted as they have
been reported by the committee; and I trust that
hereafter petitions will be received and referred, and
that reports will bo made upon them; for I belie'. 0
