Feb. 1844.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB&
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Belser.
H.. of Reps.
be a mandate- to the States, and he would candidly
confess that, before he looked into its history, he
had been of that opinion; and had so expressed him-
self to some friends in the State from which he came.
He was always willing to retract .error as soon as it
was made manifest to him. Some of the casesreiied.
on to show that Congress could not require the
States to district, read as follows:
Congress cannot confer jurisdiction upon any
courts, but such as exists under the constitution and
la\vs of the United States.—Sergeant's Constitutional
Law, 968.
"In a case which occurred in Ohio, an informa-
tion was filed by the collector of the revenue in the
common pleas, against the defendant, for selling do-
mestic distilled spirits without a license from the
collector, contrary to the act of Congress, praying a
forfeiture to the United States under the act; and
defendant excepted to the jurisdiction of the court.
The court decided that the United States could not
make use of the State courts to enforce their penal
laws; and that the proceeding by information was
a criminal proceeding, and contrary to the constitu-
tion of the State."—-[Page 272.
"Where an action of debt was brought in the su-
preme court of the State of New York, to recover a
penalty of one hundred and fifty dollars, under the
act of Congress for laying duties on licenses to re-
tailers of wines, spirituous liquors, and foreign
merchandise, which authorized the suit to be brought
in a court of that State, and the defendant pleaded
to the jurisdiction of tile court; the court determined
in favor of the defendant, holding that it w.as not
competent to Congress to confer jurisdiction on the
State courts, in criminal or penal cases aring under
the laws of the United States."—Page 272.
"Where the defendant was indicted in a State
court in Virginia, in the name of the Commonwealth,
for stealing packets from the mail, it was determined
that, as the oflence was created by an act of Con-
gress, a State court has no jurisdiction."—Page
272.
"Where an action of debt was brought in a court
of the State of Virginia, to recover a penalty in-
flicted by the act of Congress to insure the collec-
tion of the revenue of the United States, winch pen-
alty the act declared might be recovered in a State
court, the case was adjourned to the general court
of Virginia. It was held that the act of Congress
was in this respect unconstitutional; and to assume
jurisdiction over the case, would be to exercise a
portion of the judicial power of the United States,
which, by the constitution, was deposited in other
hands."—Page 273.
Mr. B. contended that these cases could have but'
little weight. They were all criminal in their char-
acter, and the rule was well settled that "no part of
the criminal jurisdiction of the United States can,
consistently with the constitution, be delegated to
State tribunals."—See ls( Wheaton's Reports, page
304.
And there are cases of violations of acts of Con-
gress by individuals, for which they are amenable
only to the federal court. Besides, the power in
such cases is vested absolutely in that court. In the
case under consideration, the power is made saper-
risory in Congress over the action of the States; and
if Congress thinks proper, under the giant, it can
amend or supersede the State regulations, so far as
regards the holding of elections. Here then is a
plain and palpable distinction, fundamental in its
operation. And still State courts and State magis-
trates are in the habit of performing ministerial du-
ties, as the protectors of the public peace, where the
laws of the United States arc violated within Slate
jurisdiction.—Ex parte Smith, 5 Coicen, p. 273.
But, admit that Congress cannot command the
States, and that the States are independent of the
control of Congress: this does not answer the ques-
tion. Congress may depend upon State legislation
in those instances in which the constitution sanc-
ions it. It depends upon State officers to hold elec-
tions, to make returns, for the orderly management
of such elections, and to punish riotous and disorder-
derly conduct, or false votes. Suppose the Congress
prescribes that the marshals shall hold the elections:
would that destroy the district or general-ticket sys-
tem? Would State officers be allowed to hold the
elections, or make the returns? Suppose the States
refuse to make the districts: does that make an elec-
tion by the general ticket legal?
The whole error of the argument of the chairman
of the majority of the committee, [Mr. Elmkr.) and
of others who agree with him on this point, consists
in this: they assert that the States cannot" be com-
pelled to make districts. That is true. They then
assert that the States refusing to make a law accord-
ing to the wishes of Congress, their old laws must
be in force. Here the argument is wholly false. The
States may refuse to aid in the arrangement for the
election, and no mandamus can be directed against
them; but if they do undertake to prescribe the mode
of the election, their regulations must conform to the
action of Congress.
The legislation of Congress was sufficient, if the
States would have conformed to it. It superseded
the general-ticket, and established the district system
among the States. This much change is made in
State legislation by the law of Congress. There
would have arisen no contingency requiring further
legislation by Congress if the States had obeyed it.
Not having done so, it is the duty of Congress to
supply the legislation. The States ought not to be
kept without representation beyond the necessity
created by their own act, and Congress can now per-
fect its law. Suppose Mississippi had passed lust
such a law as the second section of the law of Con-
gress, it would certainly have altered her general-
ticket and made her district system operative within
her limits. But there would have been no division
of territory locating the districts. This defect would
have demanded of her additional legislation; but still,
so much of her old law as authorized the general.
ticket would have remained repealed by virtue of
her imperfect law. Just so it is with the law of
Congress. It prescribes the district for the general-
ticket system; but Congress, relying on the States to
carry it out, made no provision for the dividing of
the territory, &c. This deficiency will have to be
supplied by its further legislation.
Mr. B. cited, with approbation, a case from the
Intelligencer, which he held in his hand, in reply to
the objection frequently raised to this law, arguing
that it was no more a mandate to the States than the
laws which were authorized by many othe,r provis-
ions of the constitution.
Here is the article alluded to:
"The unsoundness of the objection to a compli-
ance by the States with the requisition of the district-
election law because of its being mandatory, is sus-
ceptible of further demonstration by reference to the
action of Congress and of the States, under the or-
ganic provisions of the constitution, in other cases:
in that, for example, of the act of Congress provi-
ding for the election or electors: 'The Congress
(says the constitution) may determine the time of
choosing the electors, and the day on which they
shall give their votes; which day shall be the same
throughout the United States.' This is precisely
the same measure of authority as is given in Con-
gress in regard to the places and manner, as well as
the time, of holding the elections for representatives.
That is to say, Congress may make such regulations,
&c. The act of Congress of March 1, 1792, accord-
ingly Jirov ides that 'electors shall be appointed in
each State for the election of a Piesident and Vicc-
President of the United States within thirty-four days
preceding the first Wednesday in December, 1792, and
within thirty-four days preceding the first Wednes-
day in December in every fourth year succeeding
the last election;' and that 'the executive authority
of each State shall cause three lists of the names of
the electors of such State to be made and certified,
and delivered to the electors,' &c. Here is an enact-
ment as mandatory in its terms as that of the dis-
trict law—not moie obligatory certainly upon the
States than that law.—but which no State legislature,
nor any State executive, has ever been guilty of the
absurdity of refusing to execute because of its 'man-
datory' character."
And while he (Mr. B.) repeated that the States
were bound, on every principle of justice, to aid the
government in carrying out the power they delegated
to it, he did not say that they could force them to
carry it out; but he said this: if they did not con-
form to this law of Congress, they could not have
representatives on this floor. The argument of the
gentleman from'South Carolina, [Mr. Campbell,]
made during the last Congress, answering the many
"frivolous" objections which were urged against the
partial execution of the power by Congress, he
thought conclusive. Mr. Campbell said:
"If Congress were to proceed, (as the opponents
of this law insist that we are bound to do, if we
touch the subject at all,) and, by geographical lines,
divide the States into districts, it might be urged,
with just urn much plausibility, that the elections
cannot be made, because, forsooth, Congress 'Had.
commanded the States to appoint the mpfagers ,'Of'
the elections, to provide, the ballot-boxes, and -to
designate the precincts at "which the" electron' shall be
held.' If Congfess were to overcome - these objec-
tions, by appomting the managers, designating- the
election-preCincts, &c.; still it "might be^ urged thftt it
is an invasion of State rights, and the elections cart-
not be constitutionally held, because the State' legis-
latures are commanded'to provide for the counting
of the votes, and making other arrangements to;eora>-
plete the returns. Thus frivolous objections might -
be piled on each other,until Congressvtould-be'com-
pelled to forego the exercise of a power clearly; (Soil-
stitutional, (and which, for the purpose of restoring '
uniformity in the elections, we believe to be how ne-
cessary,) or resort to the exercise of minute and'm-
-convenient powers."
It would not do to answer such reasoning as- this
by getting up and proclaiming that this law was a
nullity, or by denouncing it as a mere party mea-
sure. These were not arguments to b« addressed to
enlightened judges. It would be necessary to dive
deeper into the theory of the constitution than that, to
set aside the views of the gentleman from South
Carolina. Congress had exercised this power with
a jealous regard for the rights of the States; but had
erred in not making the second section of its.law'
prospective in its operation, in order to have allowed
the States full time to have considered of it. Con-
gress had avoided all the objections made to
the power when it was granted, and had
only required an election by districts. Every
other regulation as to "the times, place, and man-
ner" of holding elections had been left to the States-
And it seemed to him a poor argument that, because
Congress might not have exercised this power to the
fullest extent, therefore that it was to be treated as a
dead letter.
Let them look at the constitutions of those States
from which individuals had presented themselves
on this floor, (under the seals of their executives,)
claiming seats as members elected by the general ,
ticket. There was not one of those State legisla-
tures but had had time to comply with the act of
Congress. The law of Congress took effect from'
its passage; and the governors of each of those
States had extraordinary power, by proclamation
declaring that such and such laws had been passed
in pursuance of the constitution of the United States,
to convene the legislatures of the respective States,
in order that the States might adopt legislation in
accordance with this law. Had they done it? While
the large majority of the States had obeyed the law,
these four States had deemed it.proper to disregard
it; and the effect of that disobedience, or of not con-
forming to the law of Congress, (let them call it
what they pleased,) was sufficient to authorize this
House in rejecting their representatives.
What is the example presented by this extraor-
dinary issue? Why, we see Stales complying with
the first section of the law, reducing their repre-
sentation in consequence of the force of it, and re- •
fusing their sanction to the second section of the
same law. If they had elected under the old law
-which had governed them, they would have pre-
sented the same number of representatives then
allowed them; but, instead of legislating so a« to
meet the law of Congress fully, they have given in .
a partial adhesion, and refused the balance. The
argument results in this: that, if the four States aie
correct in disobeying an imperfect law, the ma-
jority of the States which have yielded "their assent
to it have obeyed a nugatory act; for.it is impossible
to disconnect the manner of the apportionment from
the manner of providing for the elections in those
States.
But it is said by the committee, that "no princi-
ple is better settled than that one portion of an en-
actment may be constitutional aJid valid, and the
residue unconstitutional and void." Without pre-
tending to dispute this position, in its enlarged ap-
plication, he (Mr. B.) would have been pleased to
see the cases which setded it It certainly never
could have Been such a one as the present. The States
have altered their regulations so as to meet the
first section, which gives them the number of repre-
sentatives to which they arc entitled, but refused to
recognise the mode in which Congress has said they
shall select them? Further, he would remind the
honorable committee that the "first and fundamen-
tal rule of interpretation is, that all instruments are
to be construed according to the intention of the
parties;" and also that there was another rule which
said, "that apparently conflicting clauses in laws -
