124
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections.—Mr. Beardsley.
H. of Reps
■ must, if possible, be so construed as that the whole
shall stand."
Mr. B. did not expect, as-had been remarked yes-
terday, that anything which could be said would
ha.ve any effect upon the decision of this question.
He presumed that the House had made up its mind.
But he owed it to his constituents, he owed it to him-
self, he owed it to those men with whom he had
voted in his State for the general ticket, to put him-
self right on this question. He viewed the policy of
. the law as no longer debatable in that State, or here;
the State had settled down in the favor of the dis-
trict system, and Congress had required every State
to adopt it that was entitled to more than one rep-
resentative. He could not hesitate for one moment
in determining that Congress had the power to
"make or alter" any regulation of the States, or any
portion of their regulations, at any time, when they
might deem it advisable; and he further believed
that the second section of the apportionment act, re-
quiring of the States to district according to its pro-
visions, was an alteration of the regulations of the
States, and the manner of holding their elections.
What was to be the effect of this measure? he
would ask, (although he knew it to be a question,
Which would properly be addressed to the expe-
diency of the subject.) The large majority of the
States had districted themselves m unison with the
requirements of this law. Let the House pass
judgment, and say that it was inoperative, and their
laws could be easily repealed. What would such
a state of things lead to? New York, Pennsylvania,
Ohio, and the large States of this Union,* could
adopt the general-ticket system, and thus destroy
the weight of the smaller States; or, if they chose
to remain districted, the smaller States, by means of
the general ticket, would have the advantage over
them. He believed that it would make but little
difference which system prevailed, so that it was
adopted by the government, and thus made uniform.
• Mr. B. had already stated that he believed that
either the general-ticket or district system was con-
stitutional; and that they possessed their advantages
and disadvantages. The equality of the States in
the Senate distinguishes the system on which the
Senate is constituted from that on which the House
is. The voice of the States is equal in the Senate,
but unequal in the House. In both, the States are
heard; for it is by and through State action that a
citizen becomes a member of the United States. A
Member of the House of Representatives is as much
a representative of the State as a member of the
Senate. The difference, in the main, arises from
the difference of value, in the weight of the repre-
sentation. There may be another difference. Some
States have established the distribution of power
upon the basis of property, as well as population;
and South Carolina—and I believe, at one time,
Georgia—allowed a representative to territory, apart
from any consideration of property or population.
The senator represents the legislative government of
the State; whereas the representative is elected by
the popular vote. This makes a difference in the
character of the representative, when you consider
the immediate source of his authority. But the ul-
timate control over both the senator and representa-
tive is in the State; for the State is the supreme
sovereign, and must control all its citizens. It is by
and through a State that a citizen becomes a mem-
ber of the Union; and it is by and through its con-
tinuing assent that that relation is maintained. He
could not, then, believe in a representative surren-
dering the interests of his sovereign from any no-
tion of fidelity to the people of a district. He had
always regarded the election of members to Con-
gress by the general ticket, or the division of the
States into districts, as municipal regulations, in no
wise affecting the character or obligations of the
representative. It is this quality that should char-
acterize our representatives; and it is a quality that
the general-ticket preserves longer, and in a more
intense degree, than the district system; and in this
point of view, the district system is inferior. The
district system, however, has its advantages over
the general-ticket in many particulars. It divides
the large States, whose influence would be over-
shadowing, unless divisions were made, and pre-
vents centralization. Now this consolidation of
power pnd influence is the vice of all modern so-
ciety. It is the destruction of the country influence,
and the subjugation of the State to the current opin-
ion of the cities. That opinion is neither so pure,
so enlightened or trustworthy, as that which is more
glowly and cautiously formed. It is more personal
and selfish. It is less universal in its bearings and
operation.
Although Mr. B. might have been in favor
of the general-ticket, and opposed to the district sys-
tem, on the principles and under the circumstances
he had stated; yet he said that, in order to preserve
the equilibrium of representation, and to insure
uniformity, he would not say that Congress had
done either right or wrong in passing the law; but
he now believed that it was to the interest of every
State in the Union to adhere to it strictly. This
policy of dashing from one extreme to the other, in
rapid succession, would not do. This government,
like its constitution, should be "stable and perma-
nent;" not to be led adrift from its moorings "by
the temper of the times, nor to rise and fall with
events." It should remain to its purpose, as stead-
fast as a rock amid the peltings of tha tempest.
But, instead of this, it reminded him forcibly of a
vessel at sea while within the influence of a mael-
strom. When it was forced into those currents
amidst the raging waves, every round of the circle
brought it nearer and nearer to the whirpool of de-
struction. And so it was with this government.
Mr. B. said that some men were fond of agita-
tion, and seemingly encouraged it at the public ex-
pense. He was firmly impressed with the opinion.
that the law of Congress, atlthough imperfect, was
still valid. He was clear in the conviction that it
ought to be maintained. This opinion might sub-
ject him to party hostility; but, if it did, he must
assume the responsibility. He would risk the con-
sequences of the vote which he was shortly to give
in opposition to many for whose judgment he en-
tertained the most unfeigned respect. He believed
he was right, but perhaps he was mistaken. He
claimed no infallibility for himself, and accorded
honest intentions to all.
If he fell in the contest, it would be like the fall of
an atom. If they frittered away this constitution, he
would slrere no portion of the responsibility for the
calamities which would follow. He repeated, it was
their duty to uphold this government in the exer-
cise of its delegated power to keep it within its orbit;
and the States within their orbits. There was as
much danger to be apprehended from the one extreme
as the other; and the only safe ground was the isthmus
which separated consolidation from anarchy.
He had seen enough already, during this Congress,
to fill him with distrust as to the future. He had, day
after day, heard the institutions of the South attacked
on this floor, and her citizens calumniated. Where,
he would ask, was this recklessness to end? We
were fast treading in the footsteps of the ancient re-
publics. Decay was written on our institutions, in
language too plain to be misconstrued; and this
was no longer the land of promise. The great prob-
lem of self-government was about to be solved; and
with a salubrious climate, and a soil equal to that,
over which the Roman eagles ever flew, he (Mr.
B.) still feared that this nation was doomed to pre-
mature dissolution; and, like unto one of the pyra-
mids of other times, would shortly crumble with its
own weight. For himself, he desired to see "the
stone removed from the mouth of the sepulchre;"
that, in the resurrection, it might again assume that
form which our forefathers gave it, when they ar-
chieved a revolution which has 110 parallel in the
annals of human society.
NOTE.
CONSTRUCTION OF STATUTES.
"A legislative act is to he interpreted according to
the intention of the legislature, apparent upon its
face. Every technical rule, as to the construction
or force of particular terms, must yield to the para-
mount will of the legislature."—See 2d Peters's Re-
ports, page 669.
"It is undoubtedly a well established principle in
the exposition of statutes, that every part is to be
considered, and the intention of the legislature to be
extracted from the whole. It is also true, that where
great inconvenience will result from a particular con-
struction, that construction is to be avoided, unless
the meaning of the legislature be plain; in which
case it must be obeyed."—See 2d Crunch's Reports,
page 358.
"That the consequences are to be considered in
expounding laws where the intent is doubtful, is a
principle not to be contradicted; but it is also true,
that it is a principle which must be applied with
caution; and which has a degree of influence de-
pendent on the nature of the case to which it is ap-
plied, where rights are infringed."—Ibid.
"Where fundamental principles are overthrown—
where the general system of the laws is departed
fj-om—the legislative intention must be expressed
with clearness to induce a court of justice to sup-
pose a design to effect such objects. But when only
apolitical regulation is made, which is inconvenient,
if the intention of the legislature be expressed in '
terms which are sufficiently intelligible to leave no
doubt on the mind, when the words are taken in
their ordinary sense, it would be going a great way
to say that a constrained interpretation, must be put
upon them, to avoid an inconvenience which ought
to have been contemplated in the legislature when
the act was passed; and which, in their opinion,
was probably overbalanced by the particular ad-
vantages it was calculated to produce."—Ibid.
"In doubtful cases, a court should compare all
the parts of a statute, and different statutes in pari
materia, to ascertain the intention of the legislature."
—See Maine's C. C. Reports, page 11.
"In the construction of statutes, one part must be
construed by another. In order to attest the legis-
tative intention, the whole statute must be inspected."
—See 1st Brockenbroiigh's Reports, page 52Q.
"Laws are construed strictly, to save a right, or
avoid a penalty; and liberally, to give a remedy, or
effect an object declared in the law."—See 1st Bald-
win's C. C. Reports, page 316.
"The framers of the constitution must be under-
stood to have employed words in their natural
sense, and to have intended what they said; and, in
construing the extent of the powers which it creates,
there is no other rule than to consider the language of
the instrument which confers them, in connexion
with the purposes for which they were conferred."
—^See 9th Wlieaton's Reports, page 1.
"Courts always lean in favor of the execution of
a power, if it can be supported."—See 3 Washing-
ton's C. C. Reports, page 12.
SPEECH OF MR. BEARDSLEY,
OP NEW YORK,
In the Hoitse of Representatives, February 8, 1844.
The House had under consideration the report of
the Committee of Elections, which concludes with
the following resolutions:
"Resolved, That the second section of 'an act for
the apportionment of representatives among the
States, according to the sixth census," approved
June 25, 1842, is not a law made in pursuance of the
constitution of the United States, and valid, opera-
tive, and binding upon the States.
"Resolved, That all the members of this House
(excepting the two contested cases from Virginia,
upon which no opinion is hereby expressed) have
been elected in conformity with the constitution and
laws, and are entitled to their seats in this House."
Mr. BEARDSLEY addressed the Speaker and
said: The subject now pending before the House is
one of high principle, and m some respects of start-
ling consequence. It presents the direct inquiry as
to the right of twenty-one gentlemen, now members
of this body, to retain their seats on this fioor; and
it calls upon the House, incidentally, to determine,
on the one hand, whether a particular enactment
of the last Congress is valid or void; and on the
other, whether the elections held in four States of
the Union were in violation of the constitution, and
consequently nullities.
These, Mr. Speaker, (said Mr. B.,) would be
grave questions anywhere, and are especially so
here. This House, and this House alone, sits in
judgment; it must affirm the validity of the second
section of the act on which the questions arise, or it
must wholly disregard its provisions. If that en-
actment was an exercise of constitutional power, it
must follow that the four States which held their
elections by general ticket, are not legally represent-
ed in this House, and the seats of their representa-
tives should be declared vacant. We cannot, (said
Mr. B.,) if we would, avoid this question," or avert
the consequence. Our position casts the duty upon
us, and I approach the discussion (said Mr. B.) with
the solemnity and awe which such questions should
inspire, and with a determination, as far as in me lies,
to shut out and banish every passion and every feel-
ing which might bias the mind or sway the judg-
ment.
It is proper (said Mr. B-) for a monient to look
