Feb- 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
12S
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Beardsley.
H. of Reps.
at the nature of the government of which this
House is a part. All admit the® absolute sovereign-
ty of the people, and their original right to establish
such form of government as they pleased. That
right was exercised in the adoption of the national
constitution, by which this government was organ-
ized, with such powers, and under such limitations
and restrictions, as were deemed necessary and
proper.
This government, then, (said Mr. B.) is one, not
of general and unrestricted authority, but of spe-
cific, certain, and limited powers. It may do what-
ever the constitution authorizes; but it can, rightful-
ly, go no farther. This is not only true of the en-
tire government, but is equally true of every depart-
ment. Bounds are set to it as an aggregate; and
the functions, powers, and limitations of every de-
partment are conferred and defined by the constitu-
tion.
If (said Mr. B.) these bounds are'passed, it must
follow that whatever is done above or beyond the
prescribed limits is an excess of authority—an ab-
solute usurpation—and consequently void. This
must be true, or we have no practical distinction be-
tween a limited and an unlimited government.
The principle stated (said Mr. B.) is true of the
executive department. The powers of the Presi-
dent are not general, but particular—such, and such
only, as the constitution confers upon that magis-
trate.
The same remark^s applicable to the judicial de-
partment. It has not, as we all know, general ju-
risdiction over all judicial subjects, but of certain
classes of such subjects as are indicated ill the con-
stitution.
So also of the legislative department. It cannot
legislate upon all, but upon particular subjects only.
It has many powers of the highest importance; but
it is denied others of comparative insignificance. It
may declare war; but it cannot regulate the descent
of a dollar's worth of property in any State of the
Union. Its authority is in the constitution: it is
there supreme. But if it transcends its prescribed
limits, its acts are necessarily void.
The views (said Mr. B.) which I desire to im-
press upon the House, are expressed with such
striking beauty ond grandeur in a judicial opinion
of the late Judge Patterson, of New Jersey, that I
beg permission to read a few sentences from that
production.
"What," asked the learned judge, "is a constitu-
tion? It is the form of government delineated by
the mighty hand of the people, in which certain first-
principles of fundamental laws are established. The.
constitution is certain and fixed: it contains the per-
manent will of the people, and is the supreme law of
the land: it is paramount to the power of the legisla-
ture, and can be revoked or altered only by the au-
thority that made it. The life-giving principle and
the death-doing stroke must proceed from the same
hand. What are legislatures? Creatures of the con-
stitution; they owe their existence to the constitu-
tion; they derive their powers from the constitution.
It is their commission; and therefore all their acts
must be conformable to it, or else they will be void.
The constitution is the work or will of the people
themselves in their original, sovereign, and unlimit-
ed capacity. Law is the work or will of the legisla-
ture in their derivative and subordinate capacity.
The one is the work of the creator, and the other of
the creature. The constitution fixes limits to the
exercise of legislative authority, and prescribes the
orbit within which it must move. In short, 'the
constitution is the sun of the political system, around
which all legislative, executive, and judicial bodies
must revolve. Whatever may be the case in other
countries, yet in th is there can be no doubt that
every act of the legislature, repugnant to the consti-
tution, is absolutely void.1 "
This (said Mr. H > i;- the principle which must
govern all cases arising under the constitution, and
it must govern the one now to be decided by the
House." But an objection is made, that although the
courts may disregard an act of Congress on the
ground of its repugnance, or want of conformity to
the constitution, yet it cannot be done by this House.
Let us see (said Mr. B ) if this distinction can be
sustained.
We sit here as judges; as judges without appeal.
Our power is ample, and our decision conclusive
and final. The constitution is explicit: "Each
House shall be the judge of the elections, returns,
and qualifications of its members." Art. 1, sec. 5.
This House, then, is the judge, and those who
compose it are the judges of the "elections of its
members." As it must determine who are elected,
and thus become members, it has authority, and it is
its duty, to pass upon all questions involved in th it
inquiry. The validity of the laws under which the
elections were formally held, as well as the number
and legality of the votes given for the respective candi-
dates, are directly and necessarily involved in the
decision, and must be passed upon by the House.
The inquiry covers a broad field; but the power of
the House is equally broad and comprehensive. It
is impossible to "judge of the elections" in the four
States which proceeded by general ticket, without
passing upon the constitutionality of the enactment
of the last Congress on that subject. Turn as we
may to avoid the question, and it still meets us and
obstructs our path. We cahnot escape it; the
House must pass upon it, and therefore has an un-
doubted right to do so. On this subject it has all
the power of a court: its jurisdiction is as complete,
and as little to be questioned, as is that of the Su-
preme Court, now sitting at the other extremity of
the Capitol, over its appropriate judicial subjects
under the constitution.
I hope (said Mr. B.) that enough has been said
to evince the undoubted power of the House; and I
therefore pass to another branch of the subject.
The enactment in question is the second section of
the apportionment act of the last Congress. The
first section fixed the ratio of representation, and
apportioned the members among the several States.
It is not denied that Congress had full power for
these purposes, nor that this power was properly
exercised. The present question arises on the sec-
ond section of the act which declares, "that in every,
case where a State is entitled to more than one rep-
resentative, the number to which each State shall
be entitled, under this apportionment, shall be
elected by districts, composed of contiguous terri-
tory, equal in number to the number of representa-
tives to which said State may be entitled, no one
district electing more than one representative."
If this enactment is in conformity with the con-
stitution—if it is, of itself, a complete and effective
exercise of any power vested in Congress by the
constitution, it will follow that the twenty-one gen-
tlemen, who are here as representatives from States,
each of which was "entitled to more than one"
member; and who were chosen, not by districts, but
by general ticket, are not rightfully members of this
body, and the House should so adjudge. The ques-
tion turns on the interpretation of a clause of the
fourth section of the first article of the constitution,
That clause is in these words: "The times, places,
and manner of .holding elections for senators and
representatives, shall be prescribed in each State by
the legislature thereof; but the Congress may, at
any time by law, make or alter such regulations,
except as to the places of choosing senators."
It may be observed, in the first place, that this
clause gives full power to the States to provide for
and hold elections for the choice of members of this
House. It is certainly true, that the words used
were not very happily chosen to convey such a
power; but it is quite too late to make them a sub-
ject for cavil or criticism. They received a practical
construction before this government was organized;
for, on the adoption of the constitution, the several
States provided, by low, for the election of members
to this House, in virtue of which this branch of the
then new government was first put in motion.
From that time to the present, this House has, at
all times, been supplied by members elected under
and m conformity with State laws; and no attempt
was ever made by Coagres, until the act in ques-
tion, to interfere with jhe unicstricted exercise of this
power by the States. At the adoption of the con-
stitution, the States were in existence as organized
andfindependent sovereignties; but that instrument
cast upon them this new power.—a power in its na
tnre both delicate and important, and which, for
obvious reasons of propriety and convenience, would
usually be best exercised by the States. The con-
stitution not only gave tins power to the State
legislatures, but imposed its exercise as a solemn
duty—the language is mandatory: the State legisla-
tures shall prescribe "the times, places, and manner
of holding elections;" and the duty is enjoined by
requiring "the members of the several State legis-
latures" to take an oath or affirmation to support
the constitution.
But, (said Mr. B.) although the constitution was
designed to cast upon the States full power to pro-
vide" for the election of representatives, without any,
even the least aid from Congress, it was neverthe-
less foreseen that, in the course of time, one or more
of the States might be impelled by hostile or alien-
ated feelings, to forego the exercise of this "pouter,
and in refusing to provide for the election of mem-
bers to this body, aim a direct blow at the. integrity
and permanence of the Union. This was a possible,
although it might not have been deemed a probable
event; it was very fit, however, that it should be
guarded against. ■ _ - ■ , -
It was also foreseen that unreasonable and vexa-
tious "regulations," in regard to elections for repre-
sentatives, might be made by the States, and which
Congress ought to be empowered to alter and cor-
rect, so as best to promote the public convenience
and interest.
To guard against contingencies of this nature,
remote and improbable as they might be, but disas-
trous and fatal as they would be, unless in some *
manner counteracted; and to give to the federal gov-
ernment an absolute power to perpetuate its exist-
ence, so far as relates to this House, the same
clause of the constitution which I have read devolves
extensive and important powers over this subject
upon Congress. Mark the emphatic words of the
clause. After conferring the most ample power on
the States, to make "regulations" for the election of
representatives, the clause proceeds: "but Con-
gress may at any time by law make or alter such
regulations." As much as to say—and this is what
the clause really means—although full power to
make all needful "regulations," as to the election of
members, has been given to the States, yet it is in-
tended Congress shall have the like, but a para-
mount power, and may, at any time, make or alter
all such regulations.
This (said Mr. B.) brings me to examine, with
particularity and strictness, the power thus cast
upon Congress. And, first, as to the power to
"make" these "regulations." The "regulations"
referred to in the clause, are the laws which pre-
scribe "the times, places, and manner of holding"
the elections; and these may, at any and at all times,
be made hy Congress. I agree (said Mr. B.) that
Congress has full power over the entire subject, and
may exercise it to the total exclusion of the States.
The terms by which this grant of power is made are
unambiguous and unlimited. "Congress may at
any time, by law, make" "such regulations." It may
make all such regulations; may, m all respects, pre-
scribe "the times, places, and manner of holding
elections." Its power over the subject is paramount
to that of the States; and, should it ever be exercised
by Congress, will necessarily exclude all State le-
gislation on the same subject. It would, indeed, be
incongruous and absurd to hold that anything could
remain to be done by the State legislatures, when
full and complete "regulations" had already been
made by Congress.
I concede (said Mr. B-)—what I know has, by
some gentlemen, been denied—that Congress may,
underthis authority, make these "regulations" for
one or more States, and still not for all. The reason
which induced the grant of this power may exist in
one State, and not at all in others. One may be
recusant, and the others faithful and sound; one
may refuse to provide for the election of representa-
tives, while suitable and proper election systems are
in force in all others. This would call for the inter-
position of Congress to correct the evil, and would
fully justify that body in taking charge of the sub-
ject m the delinquent State. In such cases, Con-
gress should unhesitatingly "make" regulations #r
the election of members. The exigency would-ie-
mand it; and the duty would be imperative. This
government would act, should such an emergerey
exist, for its own preservation, and must necessarily
act by its own officers and organs. Congress v.-iukt,
by law, fix the times, places, and manner of h/lding
elections in the State. These elections wmld be
conducted by officers of this government, and not
by those of the State. Returns would emanate from
the same source; and everything pertaininf to the
election system would be controlled and directed by
the law of Congress, and not by that ofyie State.
Such an event is hardly to be lookedfor at any
time. It would be of evil omen, and should scarcely
be regarded as possible; and yet we se>> the wise fra-
mers of the constitution anticipated aid provided for
the emergency.
This (said Mr. B.) is plainly noUt case in which
Congress assumed or attempted to "make" "regula-
tions" for State elections. The emctment cannot be
sustained as an exercise of tha power It fixed
neither time nor place for holding iny election; it pre-
scribed no maimer, save that it ielaredtheekctjonj
