lift
CONGRESSI^MiGtsOBE^
this, is to show that the name of judge Hall was
uot introduced , here by the advocates of this bill,
but by the gentleman from Georgia himself; though
it has been imputed to us that, hyena-like, we had
descended to the grave for the purpose of tearing
up the carcass of Judge Hall. Sir, his own political
friends have called him up here, as a man entitled to
the thanks of the nation for his moral courage and
firmness; and being presented here, we are compelled
to examine into his conduct and motives. As to
the imposition of the fine, and the peculiar circum-
stances attending that transaction, I do now propose
to speak. It is enough for me to say, that, at that
time, General Jackson was known to be in indigent
circumstances; that he lived in Tennessee in the
most humble manner; and the imposition of the fine
of so large an amount shows conclusively that
Judge Hall was actuated by other considerations
than those of maintaining the supremacy of the
laws. The whole history of the„transaetion shows
that the Judge was actuated, not by patriotism, but
by the worst passions that ever actuated the hu-
man heart.
Sir,-1 have heard gentlemen upon this floor be-
stow high eulogiums upon the judge. But let the
history of his conduct decide the question whether
he was the pure patriot he is represented or not.
Now, what are the evidences of that tyranny and
usurpation which are attributed to General Jackson?
for I have heard all these beautiful epithets bestowed
upon him. When he was arraigned, he quietly ten-
dered his answer as an ordiap-y citizen would do.
There was nothing disrespectful in his conduct. He
asked that his answer might be received; but this
vindicator of the law—this British expounder of the
American Constitution, refused to permit it. The
fine was imposed. Where was the exhibition of
tyranny? Did he make any resistance? No, sir.
On the contrary, he restrained the fury of the popu-
lace, who were infuriated at the treatment he had re-
ceived. Sir, it is not necessary I should bestow any
culogium on Gen. Jackson. His acts have been judg-
ed by the American people, and they have'decidea that
the fine shall be restored. It may not be done by
this Congress, for the gentleman has warned us that
there is a party in the other branch of Congress who
will arrest the progress of the bill. But if it do not
pass now, you may rely on it the day is not far
distant when this act 6f justice will be done. You
may dissegard public opinion now; you may turn a
deaf ear to the voice of the people, which is thunder-
ing in your ears; but this stain shall be wiped out;
you cannot prevent its final passage. General Jack-
son is too strongly incorporated in the affections of
the American people to be affected by any tiling
which can be said here. The record of his deeds
of noble daring on the field of battle will be inscribed
upon his tomb. You may rely upon it that, when the
history of this country comes to be written out, that
history will do him the justice which you deny
him. He stands renowned amid his countrymen,
"The noblest Roman of them all."
Nature may stand up and say, "this is a man."
Such a man cannot be injured by any declamation
here.
Sir, I have already consumed more time than I in-
tended, though I have, in a very desultory manner,
presented this question to the House. We arc now
upon the eve of the anniversary of the important
victory at New Orleans. For myself, I should de-
sire that this bill should pass this branch of Con-
gress before that anniversary—
The hour having expired,
Mr. DICKINSON next obtained the floor. The
bill that is under consideration (said Mr. D.) pro-
poses to restore a fine imposed by a Louisiana judge
upon a Tennessee general; and being a Tennessee
man, I desire to make a very few remarks in regard
to it. The gentleman from Louisiana remarked
that this ought not to be a party question; that men
of candor and uprightness ought not, when the
restitution of a fine to a hero is to be made,
to suffer their party feelings to control their
votes. Mr. Chairman, I reciprocate that sentiment;
and to know whether we shall do ourselves, and
the Constitution, and the country, justice, let us
take a very brief view of the ground upon which the
judge acted. General Jackson at New Orleans was
surrounded by great difficulties. He thought then,
at that moment of danger with which the whole
South was threatened,he was justified in making New
Orleans a military camp. He made New Orleans his
camp, and declared martial law. Judge Hall be-
lieved that General Jackson had no power, under the
Constitution of the United States, to suspend the
laws by a declaration of martial law. When the
writ of habeas corpus was issued under the author-
ity of the court, martial law' being enforced, Gener-
al Jackson refused to regard it. General Jackson,
believing that the danger which threatened the coun-
try was not yet at an end, he continued to enforce
martial law, and disregarded the process of the
court. The judge was ordered to leave the camp.
It is said the judge was a coward. The gentleman
from Louisiana who first addressed the House,
spoke as if a judge was expected always to have
his gun and his knapsack; and if he had not, he
must be a coward. This seems to me certainly a
new principle. But how is it further proved that
the judge is a coward? General Jackson is ordered
to appear before him. A Tennessee general, at the
head of the Tennessee army, surrounded by his
life-guards, idolized by the citizens of New Orleans,
approached the judgment-seat; and what reception
did he meet there? Was the judge a coward when
he imposed a fine of a thousand dollars? Was he a
coward for upholding what he considered the au-
thority of the court' What was the conduct of
Cicero under similar circumstances? Did he not
say—
"Inter armis silent leges?"
Was such the conduct of Judge Hall? No, sir;
he uttered no such language : he imposed the fine.
If this be cowardice, I hope that, as long as we have
a Government, we may have such cowards to sit
upon the judicial bench. We have heard the gen-
tleman from Louisiana declare that Judge Hall was an
Englishman. But take it for granted that he was
an Englishman: is there a gentleman upon this
floor who believes that a man who has sworn al-
legiance to this country, because he happens to be
an Englishman is necessarily a traitor in his heart
—that he is always compelled to be a traitor? Is
an Englishman more likely to be a traitor than a
Frenchman or a Scotchman' and has it been re-
served for the gentleman from Louisiana to dis-
cover that an Englishman loves England more than
a Frenchman loves France' or that a Scotchman
loves the hills where Wallace fought? Is there
any man who loves his country better than a French-
man?—is there a man who loves the warriors of
his country better? Does not every Frenchman
delight to dwell upon the exploits of Bonaparte,
more than an Englishman upon those of Welling-
ton? Does the fact of Judge Hall being an Eng-
lishman, render him less fit to discharge the duties
of his office than if he had been a Frenchman?
Dr. Linn, the lamented Senator from Missouri, put
the question, in my opinion, on its true ground. He
was certainly a sincere friend of General Jackson.
He did not think it was necessary to make Judge
Hall culpable; to heap abuse on him in order to
justify General Jackson. That is a question for
posterity to examine. I hope we shall not go back
twenty-five years to cast obloquy on the fame of a
man who has left no relatives to defend him,
whether he was a native of England or America.
General Jackson's fame was not in need of the sup-
port which that would give it. But the gentleman
who last addressed the House, said that my col-
league had represented General Jackson as a
beggar. I did 'not understand him as in-
tending such an expression. All who know
General Jackson, know that neither his cir-
cumstances in life, nor his feelings, will allow
him to be presented before the country as a beggar.
My colleague opposes the measure upon the same
ground with myself—on account of its containing a
censure on the judge. We are willing to vote for a
restitution of the fine, without imputing blame to
any one. The Government has received the money
twenty-five years ago; and, in my opinion, it ought
to be restored.
Sir, I understand the movement of the very saga-
cious and adroit gentleman who last addressed the
House. He is one of the most adroit politicians on
this floor. Why is he so anxious on this subject'
Why is he so anxious to eulogize General Jackson,
unless he wishes to interpose the name of that illus-
trious man between the two parties in this country?
He knows that that name is a tower of strength,
and that without it they never would have been able
to raise Mr. Van Buren to the presidential chair. I
can tell the gentleman from Ohio that his artifice is
in vain. He will find that it is a worn-out trick. I
trust that the gentlemen on both sides who are
anxious that the fine should be restored, will vote
against all amendments, and in favor of the bill as
introduced by the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
If the gentleman from Ohio wanted to do honor
to General Jackson, he thanked him from his heart
for it-; because, iri doing so, he honored the soldier
of his own native land; and with him, hundreds of
his [Dr. D.'s] constituents, who shared with him in
the glory of all his battles. There was not a con-
gressional district in the United States which num-
bered among its citizens more of General Jackson's
soldiers than his; and yet they were opposed to Mr.
Van Buren and his sub-treasury in 1840, and would
oppose him more effectually in the coming elections
of 1844. He hoped that the friends of the bill
would not put in it an amendment censuring Judge
Hall; for if they did, he would vote against it,
though he was anxious to vote for it as originally re-
ported. He believed that if the bill went to tho
Senate as it was, it would pass and become the law
of the land; but if they amended it with any censure
of the judge, he did not believe that it could pass
that body.
The friends of General Jackson had it in then-
power to show him to posterity in an attitude as glo-
rious to him as that of victor at New Orleans. They
could show him to posterity, teaching, by his exam-
ple, the lesson, that the military was subordinate to
the civil authority. They might rely 011 it, they
never could make anything by thrusting General
Jackson forward in the next presidential contest.
They would find that the people would regard such
an attempt'as in insult to their understandings. Such
had been the case in Tennessee. The attempt to
make political capital there out of General Jackson's
services, for the purpose of sustaining Mr. Van Bu-
ren, had signally failed. He would tell gentlemen
that it was a worn-out trick; that they would not be
able, with all then skill, to hide the fox of New York
in the mane of the lion of Tennessee.
Mr. DOUGLASS, of Illinois, observed that when
this bill was introduced by the learned gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. C. J. Ingersoll,] he had
hoped that it would be permitted to pass without de-
bate, and without amendment; but the character of
the amendment submitted by the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] and the debate that had
taken place on that amendment and on the original
bill, had been so extraordinary as to justify and re-
quire the friends of the bill to go into the discussion
of the whole subject. For one, he was not prepared
to shrink from any question connected with the sub-
ject; nor was he prepared to admit the correctness of
the imputations cast on the supporters of the meas-
ure by gentlemen who had spoken in opposiiion to
it. It had been stigmatized as an after-thought or
party trick, as a humbug, as an attempt to make
political capital for the next presidential election—
Mr. DICKINSON here explained, that if the
gentleman alluded to him, he had confined his re-
marks to the speeches and not to the bill.
Mr. DOUGLASS continued. He thought a fair
construction required him to say that the gentleman
confined his remarks to the speeches made in sup-
port of the bill; but there were other gentlemen who
did not, and who attacked the bill itself. He then
hurled back on them any imputations on the sin-
cerity of those who advocate the passage of this bill.
We have been told, continued Mr. D., that we are
the pretended friends of General Jackson; and that
those who take the opposite ground are his real
friends. Yet, in the very next breath, we find them
denouncing him as a violator of the law and the
Constitution, and as having trampled on the rights
of the judiciary. He applied these remarks to the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Peyton,] so far
as he imputed to a majority of the House the intro-
duction of a humbug, so far as he asserted that it
was a political design for the purpose of procuring
political capital for the next presidential election.
Mr. PEYTON asked leave to explain. If the
gentleman would recollect the commencement of
his remarks, the other day, he would find
that he professed his wish to vote for the bill,
and alluded to the speeches and action 011 it here as
a humbug, and as a design to obtain political capi-
tal, &c.
Mr. DOUGLASS said he alluded to the speeches
of gentlemen on the other side, when he character-
ized them as humbugs and as a political design; for
the gentlemen professed to be friends of General
Tackson, while they were casting obloquy on his
name. Well might the old hero say, God deliver
me from my friends, if their friendship is such as
this.
Mr. D. insisted that this bill was brought for-
ward in good faith, as an act of justice—justice to
General Jackson as well as to the American people.
To refuse to pass it, would be an act of the grossest
