126
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 1st Sess-
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Elmer.
Feb. 1844,
^H. of Reps.
should be by districts and not .otherwise. It is.
hardly necessary- (Said Mr. B.) to dwell longeron
this, branch of the subject, for I do- not understand
any gentleman to urge that the enactment in ques-
tion can be upheld by the power given to Congress
to "tnafe" regulations for State elections. , ■
If it can be sustained on _any ground, (said Mr.
B.) it-must be under the power to "alter" the State
system of election. This is a power whieh Con-
gress has; it may "at any time, by law," not only
make, but "alter such regulations." The exercise
of this power -would assume, that State regulations
had been made, in virtue of which elections "might
have been held but for their alteration by Congress;
and it implies that the State- system remains in full
force except so far as it is changed by the ebngres-
sional alteration. A power to alter is not a power
to annihilate or destroy, but to change and modify.
It is especially so under this clause of the constitu-
tion, which, although it gives, to Congress an un-
doubted power to alter the State systems of elections,
affords no countenance to the idea, that Congress
may, in the name of making an alteration, annihilate
the S|tate regulations without substituting any sys-
tem of its own by which elections can be held. I
maintain, unhesitatingly, (said Mr. B.) that Con-
gress has no such power. It may blot out the State
"regulations," and substitute its own: it may "alter,"
change, modify, and perfect the State sytem, so as
the better to adapt it to the condition and'wants of
the country; but it cannot, in the name Of making
an alteration, annihilatefthe State system, and stop
there, without providing regulations under which
representatives may be chosen. No reason can be
given why Congress should possess such a power;
and the constitution will be searched in vain to find
that it exists.
Let us look, Mr. Speaker, (said Mr. B.,) at the
condition of the States of New Hampshire, Geor-
gia, Missouri, and Mississippi, when the appor-
tionment act was passed by Congress. Each of
these States had its own 'legal system for electing
representatives in this body; each had, by law, fixed
the times, places, and manner of holding elections.
Preferring to elect by general ticket instead of dis-
tricts, they had "prescribed" that manner, as they
were fully authorized to do. The system in each
State was complete; and under it each of these
States could proceed, without further legislation, to
elect the number of representatives to which it was
entitled by the new apportionment. In this state of
things, the enactment in question was passed by
Congress, declaring that the members should be
chosen by "districts." And this is claimed to be
such an exercise of the power to "alter" the State
"regulations" on the subject as is conformable to
the "constitution, and,-of itself, binding and coercive
on the State legislatures,
Before this enactment assumed the form of law
we have seen that the State laws were complete
and it is undeniable that, but for the interference of
Congress, constitutional elections might have been
held under them.
But, take these State election systems as they
were, and engraft this provision, as a constitu-
tional enactment, upon them, and they are, for
all practical purposes, at once overthrown and an-
nulled. Those were systems for electing by general
ticket, but tins requires the election to be by dis-
tricts; and, if constitutional, inevitably destroys the
other; for thenceforth no election could possibly be
held by general ticket. This is the consequence
irged on the other side of the House, and the logic
is correct if the premises ore sound. The doubt is
is to the constitutionality of the enactment by Con-
gess. If tli.-u were conceded, everything urged
ag.inst the State elections which have been held
wotld follow as of coursf; and, upon the same hy-
pothesis, it would also follow, that, without lurtlie
ieg'slition by die States or by Congress, no eleetio
can wer be held in either of those Suites. .
I ictmit (said Mr. E.) that Congress had powei
to layoff the States into the requisite number of
conrre-v.onal districts, and adapt the Stare laws to
the cnai\c thus made, and that such a system would
have been ? constitut.onel excrcUe of the power!(
"alter" (be State ''regulations." But this was no
done, nor atempted. Congress assumed to maki
the iu!<\ leavng' the States to pi escribe regulations
in conformity with it; and tins (said Mr. B.) is
-what I niainirued Congress had no power to do.
I v.-.11 ventral (said Mr. B.J to state what 1 con
,-eive to be the Cue principle for such a case; which
that an enao.miyit by Consress, in order to be
i-.a.'] under the power to "ailei" Stat# "regula-
tions," must leave the State with such afl election
system (composed of what may remain of its own
laws; and of alterations made by Congress when thus
conjoined and .united,) as will enable the electors
of the State, without- further legislation, to hold
elections, and choose their, representatives. If the
alterations made by Congress . fall short of this re-
sult, I -hold that they would be nugatory. The
power tot"alter" would not'be well executed; the act
would be incomplete, and would, consequently,
leave the precedent State "regulations" in'full force.
It is an elementary principle that" legislative.acts
which are impossible to be performed, are of no
validity; the enactment of Congress requiring'mem-
bers to be chosen by districts, is of this description.
Of itself, nothing could be more incomplete: it
creates no districts—prescribes no rules for holding
elections; it merely lays down a rule, but which
cannot be applied without further legislation. It
must, therefore, standing alone, and by itself, be
deemed wholly inoperative and void.
This consequence (said Mr. B.) is inevitable, un-
less Congress has power, not only to compel the
States to legislate on this subject, but to legislate in
conformity with the rule which Congress, in its
wisdom, may think proper to prescribe. If such
a power is vested in Congress, it is conferred by the
constitution, and may be pointed out. But it can-
not be found there, for it does not exist. Congress,
to be sure, may "alter" State regulations when made;
but it cannot., in anticipation, prescribe what reg-
ulations a State shall make. When a State legis-
lates on the subject, it does so under the grant of -
power in the constitution, which is broad and com-
prehensive. It authorizes the State to make all
needful regulations as to time, place, and manner of
holding elections; and this authority not being con-
ferred by Congress, cannot be restrained or limited
by that body. True, Congress may abolish the
State system, and "make" regulations of its own; or
may "alter" the State system by such amendments
as it chooses to prescribe. But it can do no act,
which will, in a legal or moral point of view, be
compulsory on the legislation of a State. What
Congress is authorized to do, it must do "by law"—
a law which will bind the people in electing their
representatives; but, which can, in no event, coerce
the State to legislate on this subject, in any prescribed
or particular manner.
In this instance (said Mr. B.) Congress neither
made, nor attempted to make, "regulations" for
holding elections by districts; nor did it, in the con-
stitutional sense, "alter" the Statg regulations then
in force. What it might have done, was only done
in part. The execution of its power was but par-
tial; was maimed and imperfect, and must be wholly
disregarded. This (said Mr. B.) is the result to
which I am brought. I must, therefore, hold that
the elections by general ticket, in the four States,
were constitutional and valid, and that the members
here from those States are entitled to retain the seats
they occupy on this floor.
In stating my views upon this subject, (said Mr.
B.) I have designedly omitted to make any allu-
sion to another part of the constitution which has
been supposed to bear on the question. I refer to
the first clause of the seconsl section of the first ar-
ticle. In my opinion, (said Mr. B.,) it does not
touch the question. It simply declares who shall
choose the members of this House, and not the au-
thority by which the elections shall be held. The
substance of the clause, is, that the House of Repre-
sentatives shall be chosen by "the people of the sev-
eral States," who are qualified as "electors of the
most numerous branch of the State legislature."
But who, under this provision, would prescribe prop-
er laws to regulate these elections' Was that to he
done by the'States, or by Congress5 This ts left in
doubt by the clause referred to, but is expressly
provided for in the fourth section, which gives full
authority to the State legislatures—subject,hov.-cver,
to the paramount power of Congress to "make or
alter" these "regulations."
I assent to the principle (said Mr. B.) that a le-
gislative act is not io be declared void, in a case of
mere doubt, although the principle can hardly have
its proper application m this instance. The ques-
tion here is between conflicting enactments—those
of the States on the one hand, and that of Congress
on the other. Both cannot stand, as they are, ill
direct conflict with each other. But I shall not rest
my vote on any thing growing out of this position
of'the question; for I hold the proposition to le
plain, that the congressional enactment is notm con-
formity with the constitution,
I have thus, Mr? Speaker, (said Mr. B.,) present-
ed to the consideration of the House the result of
my reflections on this truly important question.
*They express my unhesitating and firm conviction,
and I shall vote m conformity with them. But let
it not be inferred from this that I prefer to see these
elections held by general ticket. Quite the reverse.
I look upon that system with no partiality, but with
positive distrust. But it is a-question for the States, •
and for the States alone, unless Congress shall pro-
ceed by law to create the districts, and thus make
that system compulsory on the States. That has
not yet been done, and is not likely soon to be at-
tempted. When proposed, it will be in time to dis-
cuss its policj' and justice; but at present such a
discussion would be, in every aspect, not only pre-
mature, but might be worse than useless.
SPEECH OF MR. ELMER,
OF NEW JERSEY.
In the House of Representatives, February 6th and 1th,
X844 On the report of the Committee of Elec-
tions, relative to the right of the members from
the States of New( Hampshire, Georgia, Missis-
sippi, and Missouri, to their seats.
Mr. ELMER rose and said—
Mr. Speaker: It will be recollected that the
House instructed the' ComiBSttee of Elections to
examine and report upon the credentials of the mem-
bers, and to inquire and report whether the several
members of this House' have been elected in con-
formity with the constitution and laws. The commit-
tee had attended to this duty, and examined the cre-
dentials of all the members, and the laws of the seve-
ral States, by virtue of which they were elected and
claimed their seats. From this inquiry, it appeared
that the members from all the States, except the
States of New Hampshire, Georgia, Mississippi,
and Missouri, (and except two members frotn Vir-
gia, respecting whom special reports would be
made,) had been elected, in conformity with the laws
of their respective States, and in districts set off ac-
cording to the second section of the act of Congress,
approved June 25, 1842. The members from the
four States above named, it appeared, had been
elected in conformity with the laws ofthose States,
enacted by their legislatures prior to the act of 1842,
by a general ticket in each State, and not in dis-
tricts.
The committee were thus brought directly to the
question, whether the second scction of the act of
Congress of 1842 is or is not a law made in con-
formity with the constitution of the United States—■
whether it is such a law as, by its own operation,
repealed and made void all the laws of the States
regulating the manner of electing representatives,
which are not in conformity with it. The majori-
ty of the committee, meeting this question directly
and openly, after that full, deliberate, and careful ex-
amination of it which was due to the subject, in-
volving as it does the true construction of an impor-
tant part of the constitution, had come to the con-
clusion that it was not a law made in conformity with
the constitution, and that therefore it did not render
null and void the laws of the States referred to, and
the elections held under them. And in order to
bring the question directly before the House, they
had reported the following resolutions, and recom-
mended their adoption to the House, viz:
"Resolved, That the second section of 'an act for
the apportionment of representatives among the sev-
eral States, according to the sixth census,' approved
June 25, 1842, is not a law made in pursuance ot
the constitution of the United States, valid, opera-
tive, antl binding upon the States.
"RtsoUci, That all the members of this House
(excepting the two contested cases from Virginia,
upon which no opinion is hereby expressed) have
been electtd in conformity with the constitution ana
laws, and are entitled to tneir seats in this House."
In those resolutions I tully concurred; and rise
now to give the reasons which satisfied my own
mind that they ought to be adopted. Whether
they are such as will satisfy others, of course I can-
not tell; I can only say, that they are the result ot
the best consideration I have been able to give the
subject. Deeply sensible, as I am, of the infirmity
of all human judgment?, and of my own liability to
err in common with others, I claim for them tne
consideration only that is due to an honest convic-
tion that they are well founded. .
We are now called upon to decide an importatu
