■Feb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE) CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Bluer.
H. of ^epB.
and delicate question—a question affecting the or-
ganization of our own body, affecting the right of
.the people to be represented here, and affecting our
own constitutional powers. There is not one of us
here, I suppose, who would not shrink from the de-
' eision of a question involving so great responsibil-
, ity, could we have our free choice to decide it or
' not, as we might please.- But it has become our du-
ty to decide it, and we cannot escape from it if we
would. By the constitution it is provided that
"each House shall be the judge of the election, re-
turns, and qualifications of its own members." The
right of the members claiming to represent four of
the States, is questioned. A minority of the Com-
mittee of Elections have, by leave of the House, ac-
cording to the usag'e prevailing here, presented their
reasons for the opinion that the act of Congress, be-
fore referred to, is a constitutional law, and has ren-
dered null and void the laws of the States referred
to, and the elections held under them. It is, there-
fore, a question this House must judicially decide,
which of the laws that are in conflict must yield.
Either our own law must be declared to be inop-
erative, or the laws of four sovereign States.
' Some persons, I know, have questioned the right of
Congress to declare any law unconstitutional, sup-
1 posing that' this is a power belonging only to the
Supreme Court of the United States. But whenever
we act judicially, (as, in all cases of disputed elections,
we do, under the authority of the constitution,) we
must necessarily decide upon the construction and
upon the validity oftdl the laws bearing on the sub-
ject. If they arc all constitutional, but apparently
conflicting, wc must endeavor to reconcile their dif-
ferent provisions; but if they are utterly inconsist-
ent and contradictory, we must necessarily deter-
mine which shall govern the case. Important ques-
tions of constitutional law arise in almost every elec-
tion case that occurs. In one of the individual cases
soon to come before the House, we may be called
on to determine a most important, and perhaps diffi-
cult question, in regard to the rights of citizenship,
and in regard to the constitutional power of the State
legislatures over that subject. Whenever the ques-
tion fairly arises in any judicial case, whether an act
of Congress or the act of any State legislature is or
is not unconstitutional, those who are the judges in
the case cannot avoid the duty of deciding the ques-
tion, if they would. In this case we cannot avoid
it; and we are bound to give an honest judgment,
according to the best opinion we can form, after
careful examination ana deliberate consideration.
Our duty is, indeed, precisely the same as that of
the Supreme Court, and arises precisely in the same
way. No part of the constitution gives to that high
tribunal the right, or imposes upon them the duty,
in so many words, of deciding upon the constitu-
tionality of an act of Congress, or of an act ofa State
legislature. Their judicial power is extended to all
cases in law and equity, arising under the constitu-
tion or the laws of the United States; and having
hue imposed upon them the duty of deciding all
questions relating to the constitution, of a judicial na-
ture, they have also imposed upon them, by neces-
Bary implication, the duty of deciding what laws
brought in question before them are or are not made
in conformity with the constitution. The same duty
is now imposed upon us, by the same necessary im-
plication. The question now before us for our ju-
dicial determination cannot be brought before the
Supreme Court. This House,and this House alone,
has the power to decide it. Our right and our duty
to do this have not been questioned, so far as I am
informed, by any member of this House. It is not
questioned, but is admitted by the minority of the
committee.
Should this House come to the conclusion, in this
case, (as I thmk it cannot avoid doing,) that the law
in question is unconstitutional and void, it will not
be the first instance in which Congress has done the
same thing, if not by a decision deliberately formed,
and formally expressed, certainly by a practical nulli-
fication and disregard of a plain law. A joint reso-
lution was adopted, (I think in 1819,) and approved
by the President; and having thus all the authority
of a law, which prescribes the mode in which the
printers of this House and the Senate shall be elected,
the bonds they shall give, and the manner m which
they shall perform their duties. That act of Con-
gress, after being enforced for many years, was dis-
regarded by this body, as an unconstitutional inter-
ference with the right of each House to appoint its
own officers: and in the year 1841 was nullified and
set aside, apparently for the same reason, by the
Senate, the printer who had been elected agreeably
to its provisions displaced, and another appointed in
utter disregard of the law. It stands on the statute-
book to this day, unrepealed; but it is practically
nullified by both Houses of the same body which
enacted it.
t is to be exceeding ly regretted, I admit, that so
grlave and important a question as that now before
us must be decided by a body constituted as this is,
subject to the influences to which we are subjected,
and so liable to be led away by our passions. I ac-
knowledge myself liable to the same infirmities as
other gentlemen here, and would gladly escape this
duty if I could. But I regret still more, that this
question is to be decided by a body, so large a num-
ber of whose members have hastily and unnecessa-
rily, as'I cannot but think, prejudged if. In saying
this I mean to cast no imputation on any one; all
have acted, I doubt not, in conformity" with their
own views of what was their duty.' But the fact is,
that not less than fifty of the judges have declared
their opinions before they heard the case; and
among these are men of the highest .standing in all
respects, whose opinions are justly looked up to by a
great many of our citizens, as entitled to more than
common respect. Had they acted with less precipi-
tancy, and were they not so manifestly wrong in
their first step, their opinions would have been en-
titled to far more weight than can now be conceded
to them.
Let us revert, for a moment, to the circumstances
attending the organization of the House, on the first
day we took our seats here. The Clerk had made
up his roll of the members elected, as the practice
is, partly from credentials sent to him, ana partly
from the statements contained in the newspapers;
and this roll he was proceeding to call by States.
Not a single credential was presented to the body
here assembled; we were unorganized, without a
presiding offioer, and without rules. Objection was
made by some of those assembled here, fifty in
number, as has since appeared by the publication of
the protest, that some twenty other gentlemen claim-
ing seats in this body, and enrolled by the Clerk,
had no legal right to their seats. Without any ex-
amination of the subject, without any hearing of
those, thus attempted to be summarily ejected, they
declare their settled opinion to be that they have not
been duly elected, and insist upon presenting a pro-
test, which goes the length of declaring, in effect,
that if those gentlemen shall be permitted to retain
their seats until their rights can be investigated, and
determined in an orderly and deliberate manner, it
will be a proceeding- they "shall hold to be lawless
and revolutionary in its character, subversive of the
constitution, and of all law and order, and tending
directly to the destruction of our free government."
This protest was founded on the principle—a prin-
ciple openly avowed, and insisted upon on this floor,
by the framer of the protest—that those gentlemen
whose rights he disputed have not even "a color of
claim" to their seats.
Every one o"f those gentlemen thus attempted to
be summarily cast out from among us, came here
with credentials verified under the "broad seals" of
their respective States—those broad seals once
deemed potent enough to transform a minority into
a majority. They had been confessedly elected in
pursuance of the only laws that existed in their re-
spective States; and if they were not properly
elected, those States must remain unrepresented.
But they were not elected, it was known, in dis-
tricts laid off in pursuance of the law of Congress.
The minds of these fifty gentlemen were made up
in regard to the constitutionality and validity of that
law; others might differ from them, but they are
necessarily right, and all others are wrong; it is re-
volutionary even to doubt and pause on such a sub-
ject; summary action is all that is required!
The act of Congress, the provisions of which had
not been complied with by four of the States, it is to
be remembered, was earnestly resisted as unconstitu-
tional at the time of its passage " through this body
and the other branch of the national legislature,
and finally passed by nearly a party vote.*' The
President of the United States gave it his approba/-
tion, connected, as it was, with another provision of
indispensable necessity; but he, at the same time,
signed a paper declaring that he felt many and
strong doubts whether Congress had power to com-
*The vote in the House of Representatives,
May 3d, 1842, on the question of introducing this
2d section, was—yeas 101, nays 99; two democrats
voting in the affirmative, and ten whigs voting in the
negative.
mand the States to make new, or alter^ejf existing
regulations; that he yielded tlio.se doubts^ to® the
opinion of the legislature giving effectto'this Enact-
ment so far as depended upon Jiim, apd leaving'qu.e$-
tions.that might arise afterwards, (if unjiagpily.-any
such should arise,) to be settled by full consideration
of the several provisions of the constitution a jd Hie
laws, and the authority of each House to judge of the
elections, returns, and qualifications of its own mem-
bers. The legislatures of three of" four Staigs'had
' deliberately denied the validity of this laiv, and de-
termined that represefttatives should' be sent here
elected according to their previously existing laws,
so that this very question might be settled by this
House judicially, by virtue of the authority-given to
it by the constitution, referred to by the President.
Surely such a question, so presented to us,! was not
a question to be taken for granted, or fit to be deter-
mined by a body without organization, -without a
presiding officer, and without rules. Careful exam-
ination, full and free discussion,-and a deliberate
and formal decision of it, were alike due to the; nov-
elty and importance of the subject, and to that respect
we owe to the deliberate action of the sovereign
States of this Union, even when we entertain no
doubts that their action has beep, wrong. , Unfortu-
nately, a large portion of this House toolc a differ-
ent view of this subject; and should they' now find
that they have thereby subjected themselves "to at
least the suspicion that some feelings of party'may
have biased their judgments, they nave only them-
selves to blame. It was the remark of Elihu, on? of
the friends of Job, made perhaps four thousand years
ago, that "great men are not always wise." Had
he lived in our day, and had a seat in this hall, he
would have found many exemplifications of the
truth of this proverb.
Before proceeding to the examination of the con-
stitutional question, I may be permitted to remark,
that I come to the consideration of it, unbiased by
any dislike to the district system; on the contrary, I
am the friend of that system. It is, in my judg-
ment, the true democratic system, and was advo-
cated by me, twenty years ago, in the legislature of
my own State. I hope to see it yei prevail, Without
exception, in all the States of this Union, by the
free and untrammeled adoption ,of it by their re-
spective legislatures carrying into effect the will of
their people; or by means of proper legislation by
Congress, through a law directed to the people, and
so framed that it will effect its object, and not be a
mere mandate, attempting to control and direct the
discretion of the legislatures of the States., I have
not, myself, the slightest doubt that the power to
regulate the manner of holding the elections, in-
cludes the power of establishing the election by
districts, single or otherwise, or by general ticket.
Such was undoubtedly the opinion of the framers of
the constitution; and such has been the practical
execution of it, without doubt or question, from the
day of its adoption to a very recent period. I may be
permitted also to remark, that 1 am not of the school
of strict constructionists, who would fritter away
the powers of this government, until they are ren-
dered almost without value, Nor am I a latitudi-
narian, who can find in the power to lay taxes, &e.,
to pay the debts, and provide for the common defence
and general welfare of the United States, a right to
exercise any and every power, whether granted in,
the constitution or not, we might fancy calculated
to promote the general welfare. My motto hss al-
ways been "In medio tutissimus ibis." The middle
path is the safest and best. The constitution should
be construed fairly, like any other instrument, by
comparing its different parts, and by giving to the
words used their fair and appropriate meaning, so
as to carry into cffect the intention of its framers,
and to give to every department of our complex
system of government the power necessary for full
and harmonious action.
The minority of the committee have thought
proper to close their .report on this question with
some remarks I have grtatly regretted to see, which
are not calculated to aid us m the right decision of
an important, and delicate question. Instead of con-
fining themselves, as the majority did, to a calm and
unimpassioned argument addressed to the reason and
judgment Of those called on to decide, they have
thought themselves justified in endeavoring to stir up
angry passions, and in attempting to stigmatize all
those who may differ from them in opinion, as nulli-
fies of a wise and just law. They have been pleased
to say: "We could not contemplate the House of
Representatives assaulting and declaring a law of
Congress to be void .and of no effect, without tijs
