Feb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
129
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Elmer.
H. of Reps.
be apportioned among the several States according
to their respective numbers." This apportionment
is to be made by Congress, and such an apportion-
ment has been made by the first section of this act.
This section is a "law" upon this subject, so far as
the subject-matter of apportionment is concerned,
full and complete. No additional legislation is ne-
cessary to ascertain how many representatives the
people shall elect in each State, for that is specifi-
cally prescribed. The State legislatures have in fact
no power over this matter at all.
It is no answer to this reasoning to say that this
apportionment will be inoperative and do no good,
unless some additional legislation, either of the
States or of Congress, prescribes the times, places,
and manner in which the representatives so appor-
tioned ahall be elected. That is perfectly true.
Still it is a law complete and operative so far as it
professes to go. I do not contend that it is neces-
sary to the validity of any law, that the law shall
answer all the purposes that are intended, inde-
pendently of all other legislation. Almost all laws
have reference to, and depend for their full effect
upon other laws. A law regulating the compe-
tency of evidence, for instance, will produce no
effect, unless some other laws establish courts to re-
ceive and decide according to the evidence. But I
do insist that the law professing to regulate evidence,
must contain a regulation that will effect that pur-
pose. If it is so vague or so defective that it regu-
lates nothing on the subject, it is practically no law.
A law of Congress may be constitutionally passed,
regulating any part of the manner in which the
election of representatives shall take place; but
whatever it undertakes to regutate, it must regulate
in truth and in effect. It may prescribe that a ma-
jority of all the votes given shall be necessary to
elect, according to the inconvenient rule prevailing
in most of the eastern States; or it may alter that
rule there, and prescribe that a plurality of votes
shall be sufficient to elect throughout the Union.
This would be a perfectly good and constitutional
Jaw, although, to be sure, it would have no effect il
there were no other laws prescribing how the votes
should be given and counted, &c. But it would be
a law complete and effectual, and provide a rule for
the government of the voters, so far as it professed
to go. It would take away the right of the States
to legislate upon that subject-matter, but it would in
nowise interfere with and control the exercise of the
legislative discretion of the States concerning any of
those matters left to them to regulate.
Disguise this matter, and go round and about it
as we may, the second section of this act does
nothing more than prescribe to the State legislatures
that they shall make such regulations for the election
of representatives, as will provide for their election
in single districts; in other words, it attempts to
command those legislatures to divide their respective
Stated into so many districts, composed of contig-
uous territory, as they shall respectively be entitled
to representatives. Congress thought it advisable
that the representatives should be elected uniformly
throughout the Union, by single districts; and in re-
gard to the policy of such a provision, I think Con-
gress was right. But Congress found itself
pressed for time; the last Congress, sir, sat
longer, I believe, than any other Congress since the
establishment of the government; but it was ter-
ribly pressed for time, and could not very well car-
ry out its desire; or, if it had had time, it was a
very delicate and difficult task to arrange more
than two hundred districts throughout the Union.
The majority, therefore, it would seem not very
scrupulous about enlarging their powers, (being of
the school that has always sought to enlarge them,)
conclude that, since the State legislatures have more
time, and perhaps better local information, it will be
the best mode of reaching the object, to require them
to do what Congress thought so" desirable.
It is probably a sufficient justification of this mode
of legislation on the part of Congress, with many
persons, that a uniform manner of election through-
Out the Union by districts, is, in their opinion, de-
sirable; and that the State legislatures can more con-
veniently and satisfactorily arrange the districts than
Congress. But something more than the convenience
of such a mode of proceeding must, be established,
before it can be admitted that, it is authorized. Just
such a provision as this act of Congress might have
been readily incorporated into the constitution, and
then its obligatory force would have been unques-
tioned.^ But such a provision was not incorporated;
and if it had been, we may safely say that the con-
stitution would never have been ratified. As the
(9)
clause now stands, it was more objected to than any
other part of that instrument; ana was finally con-
sented to, only upon the understanding, distinctly
expressed by many of the State conventions, that
Congress would not exercise the power that is given,
except in the contingency that the States should neg-
lect or refuse to provide the laws necessary to se-
cure the election of representatives. None of those
concerned in its ratification ever hinted, so far as we
can now ascertain, that such an act as this would
ever be attempted by Congress.
The policy and expediency of this act is not now
the question. If not authorized by a fair construc-
tion of the constitution as it stands, we arc bound so
to determine, whatever may be our opinions respect-
ing its expediency. I may be permitted to suggest,
however, that I am far from being satisfied that
Congress cannot set off the districts more satisfac-
torily than the legislatures of the several States. In
the year 1813, when a direct tax was assessed upon
land, Congress laid off the whole territory of the
Union into near two hundred collection districts,
without difficulty. The legislatures of those States
which set off the congressional districts as they now
exist in those States which were districted, we know
encountered great difficulties in doing it. One
House disagreed with the other, and sometimes
both with the executive; and in almost every State,
the party in the minority complained that they were
so arranged as to suit the party in power. In one
State, owing, ifl am not mistaken, to a disagreement
between the two branches of the legislature, there
has been no election to this day; and the State still
remains without a representative on this floor.
But the stress of the argument in support of this
act, seems to be laid on the right given to Con-
gress to "alter" the regulations of the States. "Alter,"
it is said, is a term of large meaning, and I agree
that it is. But altering is a very different thing from
destroying or repealing. If this act of Congress did,
in fact, alter the laws of the States, in the sense in-
tended by the constitution—that is, by actually
making a different law—it would be unexceptionable.
But it does no such thing. At the most, it amounts
to no more than a repeal of the State laws. It is in-
sisted, I know, by gentlemen on the other side, who
are driven to the necessity of such an argument,
that the laws of the States, on this subject, may be
repealed by an act of Congress. This proposition
I deny. They may be superseded—in other words,
altered—by laws of Congress regulating the same
subject-matter; but they cannot be simply repealed.
This argument, sir, reminds me of a story I have
heard of an old lawyerm New Jersey, celebrated, in
his day, for his great learning, and his eccentrici-
ties. A man had rented a farm, and his lease being
about to expire, his landlord refused to renew it; by
which he was very much offended. The lease
stipulated that he should prune the fruit trees on
the farm. He went to the lawyer, to inquire of him,
whether he would not have a right to prune the
trees, by cutting them all down. Having first taken
care to secure his fee, the old gentleman proceeded
very gravely to read the case, and then as gravely
announced his opinion to his client, by saying:
"Sir, you have no right, under pretence of" pruning
the trees, to cut them all down; and if you were not
a great scoundrel, you would never have thought of
it." I am very far from intending to apply any
such epithets to gentlemen here; but I trust 1 may
say, without giving offence where I design none,
that gentlemen are led to this extraordinary con-
struction of the constitution, by their disposition to
enlarge the, powers of the general goverement. We
have too much reason to fear, that, even in deciding
this important constitutional question, we shall be
divided by party lines; certainly so far as one party
is concerned, they are committed to a party vote,
and we have no reason to expect that they will
change. I am grieved that it should be so, but I
am not surprised. This is one of those questions
which serve to mark the different principles of the
two parties. On the one side, the leaning is, and
always has been, in favor of a strong central gov-
ernment; while the other side aim to keep the gen-
eral government and the State governments, each
within its appropriate sphere, so that. the. one
shall not encroach on the other.
If the legislature of Missouri, whose laws regu-
late the manner of holding the elections for members
of Congress by a general ticket, had, previous to the
late election, passed a law in the words of this act of
Congress, what would have been its effect' With-
out any clause repealing the previously-existing
laws. I think it maf be well doubted whether it
would not have been held by this House, had the
question arisen, to have been simply nugatory and
void. It could be considered as repealing the prior
laws only upon the principle that, although the
members of that legislature^ were bound, by their
oaths, to support the constitution, which requires
them to make such laws, yet they had such unlim-
ited power of legislation as that, if they chose to vi-
olate their oaths, they could do so, and repeal their
own statutes; and upon the further principle that
this latter law was so inconsistent with the pro-
visions of the prior laws, as to show that it was the
intention of the legislature to repeal them. Such an
inteiltidii it Would be difficult to infer, under such
circumstances. But conceding, for the sake of the
argument, that tllis act, if enacted by the legislature
of Missouri, would have repealed the prior laws of
the same legislature, before such an effect can be al-
lowed to it as an act of Congress, it must be estab-
lished that Congress can repeal ail act of the State
legislature. If this act is valid simply as a repeal-
ing act, and as nothing more, (which would have
been its utmost effect, if enacted by the legislature
of the State,) then it follows that Congress can, at
any time, pass a law repealing all the laws of the
several States regulating the times, places, and man-
ner of holding the elections for representatives, and
thus make it obligatory upon them to make new
ones. This argument proves too much, and is thus
shown to be vicious. Let a bill be introduced into
this House, simply declaring that from and after the
passage thereof, all the laws of the several States
regulating the elections for members of Congress
shall be, and are repealed, and who would be hardy
enough to advocate its passage, or to insist that the
constitution authorized such a measure? No, sir-
Congress can alter the State laws, by enacting new
ones to take their place; but it cannot, under the
pretence of altering, destroy and repeal thsni. The
object of the act we are considering was not, ill fact,
merely to repeal. Its object was, as its terms clearly
indicate, to direct how the State legislatures should
alter their own laws; and the objection to it is, that
this is a power not given to Congress.
The contemporaneous history of the opinions and
views of the statesman who were concerned in fram-
ing and in adopting the clause of the constitution •
on this subject, shows that none of them contempla-
ted such a construction of it as is now, for the first
time, insisted on. That clause was most strongly
objected to. Mr. Hamilton wrote three numbers of
the Federalist, in explanation and defence of it, but
gives no hint of such a meaning. He rests his de-
fence upon the intelligible and correct principle, that
if the legislatures of the States should fail or refuse to
act, or should act on the subject in such a manner
as would be subversive of the rights of the people,
then Congress, for self-preservation, should have the
power to do what the State legislature ought to have
done. Mr. Madison explained and defended it in
the same manner. In the New York convention,
Mr. Jay defended it by saying, "That every gov-
ernment was imperfect unless it had the power of
preserving itself. Suppose that, by design or acci-
dent, the States should neglect to appoint represen-
tatives; certainly there should be some constitution-
al remedy for this evil. The obvious meaning of
the paragraph was, that if this neglect should take
place, Congress should have power, by law, to sup-
port the government, and prevent the dissolution of
the Union." All this is very different from a power
to direct the State legislatures how they shall per-
form their duties; and is very different from the
power simply to repeal such laws as, m the perform-
ance of their duties, they had thought proper to pro-
vide.
1 am aware that the language of those statesmen
has bi.en quoted, and somewhat confidently relied
on, as tending to sustain the construction now in-
sisted upon, but I think without success. They
spoke of this clause as giving a control over this
subject to Congress, in order to produce uniformity,
as well as prevent a dissolution of the Union. Of
course, every valid law of Congress, as its power
extends throughout the whole Union, will produce
uniformity, and this may be a desirable result. A
bill has been introduced into this body, and may
possibly become a law, establishing a uniform time
throughout the United fstates for holding the elec-
tions for electors of President and Vice President of
the United States, and for representatives in Con-
gress. Such a law will be perfectly constitu-
tional; it will prescribe to the people the time when
they shall exercise their great prerogative of voting
for their rulers, and the very object of it will be to
