116
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBft.
Oil motion by Mr. BREESE, it was ordered that
the memorial of the citizens of De Kalb county, Illi-
nois, praying for the establishment of a post road
from Chicago to Grand De Tour, in that State, be
taken from the files of the Senate, and referred to
the Committee on th® Post Office and Post Roads.
On motion by Mr. CRITTENDEN, it was
ordered that the petition and papers of William C.
Easton, praying certain compensation as clerk, be
taken from "the files of the Senate, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
On motion by Mr. C., leave was granted to with-
draw from the filesthepapersof Anthony Gale.
On motion by Mr. TAPPAN, it was ordered that
the petition of Nathan Ward, praying for the re-
demption of certain loan certificates, be taken from the
files of the Senate, and referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. TAPPAN presented resolutions adopted by
the Legislature of Ohio, instructing the Senators
and requesting the Representatives from that State to
vote for a law to repeal the law removing the summer
term of the United States circuit court from Colum-
bus to Cincinnati, so as to have the said court
held at Columbus. Mr. T. gave notice that he
would, on to-morrow, ask leave to bring in a bill to
repeal this law.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented a petition from
sundry citizens of Wisconsin, praying an appro-
priation for the improvement of the navigation of
the Fox and Wisconsin rivers; which, as a bill had
been reported for that object, was ordered to lie on
the table.
On motion by Mr. BAYARD, it was ordered that
the memorial of Reynall Coates, and R. Johnson,
praying remuneration for losses sustained in conse-
quence of the discontinuance of their services as
members of I he scientific corps of the exploring ex-
pedition, be taken from the files, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BAYARD presented a petition from David
C. Wilson, former marshal of the United States
for Delaware, asking Congress to make him reason-
able allowance for office rent: referred to the Judi-
ciary Committee.
On motion by Mr. PULTON, it was ordered that
the documents relating to the claim of James Erwin,
for remuneration for losses sustained under a con-
tract for removing and subsisting emigrating In-
dians, be taken from the files, and referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
On motion by Mr. McDUFFIE, leave was
granted to withdraw from the flies the documents
relating to the claim of Milledge Galphin.
On motion by Mr. RIVES, it was ordered that
the memorial of the heirs of Druiiel Trueheart,
praying to be indemnified for losses of property de-
stroyed bv the enemy during the revolutionary war,
be taken from the files, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
Mr. CHOATE presented a memorial from A. B.
Quinby, containing suggestions to lessen injuries
by the explosion of steam-boilers: referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. FOSTER presented a petition from William
F.asby, surviving partner of Easby and Hanly,
praying remuneration for hydraulic cemcnt furnish-
ed by him for rebuilding the bridge at 2d street
across Pennsylvania avenue; which was referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. F. remarked that, while he was up, he would
beg leave !■; be discharged from any further service on
the Committee on Pensions. He made the request
because lie was on two other committees, which re-
quired a great deal of his time.
The question was put; and he was excused from
any further service on that committee.
Mr. KING said lie was not m the habit of ask-
ing to he excused from duty on committee,'-, but be
had been appointed on three committees—the < t :n-
rnittee on Commerce, the Committee on Rota'-!
Cftnrfs, and tlse Committee 011 the District of Co-
lumbia. The Committee on Commerce was a labo-
rious committee; and the Committee on the District
of Columbia took a great deal of time. As to the
Committee on "Roads ami Canals, he did not know
how much of his time it wo IJ exact, but supposed,
as niany memorials had been piesented and referred
to it, a considerable portion. He hoped, therefore,
to be discharged from any f-trfher servic on the
Ctv.mittee on Roads and Canals.
The question was put to the Senate; and lie was
ex..used.
On motion by Mr. BATES, the. President -tyro ten\.
was empowered to appoint other members to fill the
vacancies in those committees. •
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON, it was or-
dered that the petition of Josiah Barton, praying for
a pension, be taken from the files and referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented a petition from
Thomas M. Latham, asking compensation for ser-
vices, Josses, and expenses, in saving property of the
United States on board sloop Marion, which strand-
ed in Tampa Bay: referred to the Committee on
Commerce,
Mr. WOODBRIDGE presented a memorial, very
numerously signed by citizens of Indiana, praying
for an extension of the Wabash and Erie canal, from
Tei-re Haute, Indiana, to Evansville: referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. FULTON, on leave, introduced a joint reso-
lution to extend the franking privilege to ex-Vice
Presidents of the United States; which was read
twice, and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. JARNAGIN presented a memorial from
Samuel Martin, of'Campbell Station, Tennessee, ask-
ing that a proper system of instruction may be es-
tablished under the authority of the United States,
for the better education and training of the officers
of the navy; believing that it is of more importance
that those officers, who are, to some extent, the rep-
resentatives of the character of the country abroad,
should be thus educated at the national expense,
than those intended for the army: referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. PHELPS gave notice that he would, on to-
morrow, ask leave to introduce a bill for the repeal
of the act of August, 1842, to provide for the satis-
faction of claims arising under the 14th and -19th
articles of the treaty of Dancing Rabbit Creek.
Mr. SEMPLE submitted the. following resolu-
tion; which lies over one day, under the rule, viz:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to give notice to the British Govern-
ment that it is the desire of the Government of the
United States to annul and abrogate the provisions
of the 3d article of the convention concluded be-
tween the Government of the United States of
America and his Britannic Majesty the King of the
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, on
the 20th of October, 1818, and indefinitely con-
tinued by the convention between the same parties,
signed at London, the 6th of August, 1827.
Mr. ALLEN submitted the following resolution;
which lies over one day, under the rule, viz:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to inform the Senate, if in his power
so to do, whether any of the Indian tribes, or any
of the Indians re<nd.ent within the territorial limits
of the United States, are m the receipt, periodically
or occasionally, of any pension, pay, or-present, in
money, or oilier things, from the British Govern-
ment; and if so, he be requested to state the partic-
ulars; also, whether the Government of the United
States have had any correspondence with the British
Government in relation to that matter; and, in that
event, that he be requested to lay before the. Senate
a copy of such correspondence.
Mr. WOODBURY presented a memorial from
inhabitants of the Isles of Shoals, praying for an
extension of fishing bounties to a new class of
vessels: referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported back, with an amend-
ment, the bill to provide for the insane hospital of
the District of Columbia. Also reported back, with-
out amendment, the bill providing for the repairing
and repnvin^ n portion of Pennsylvania avenue.
Mr. TALLMADGE, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported back, without amendment,
the bill to grant a certain quantity of land to aid in
the .improvement of the navigation of Fox and Wis-
consin rivers, and connect the same by a canal. He,
accompanied the same by a report; which was order-
ed to be printed.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, made an adverse report on the petition of
Benjamin Crawford; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BATES, from the Committee on Pensions,
made adverse reports in the eases of the widow of
Josiah Gordon, John Bosworth, the widow of Jacob
Ohngey, Joseph Veazie, and the heirs of David
Munn.
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON, the. Com-
mittee on Commerce was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the memorial of the, owners and
masters of vessels of Albany, relative to the better
keeping and administration of the marine hospital
fund; and the report accompanying the motion was
ordered to be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tern, laid before the Senate a
message from the President of the United States,
covering a report from the Secretary of the Navy,
in pursuance of the act of Congress of the 3d March,
1843, giving an abstract of all the offers made, (em-
bracing as well those rejected as those accepted,) to
furnish supplies for the navy: referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
OREGON TERRITORY.
Mr. Allen's resolution (calling upon the Presi-
dent of the United States to lay before the Senate,
if in his judgment that may be done without preju-
dice to the public interests, a copy pf any instruc-
tions which may have been given by the Executive
to the American minister in England, on the subject
of the title to, and occupation of, Oregon, since the
4th day of March, 1841; also, a copy of any cor-
respondence which may have taken place between
this Government and that of Great Britain, in rela-
tion to that subject, since that time) came up as the
postponed business of Thursday last; the question
pending being on the adoption of the resolution.
On this question Mr. ALLEN called for the yea,?
and nays; which were ordered. Mr. A. then ad-
dressed the Senate at considerable length in support
of the resolution, prefacing his remarks by an ex-
planation, to the effect that, since the day the subject
was up before, he had discovered that he was mista-
ken as to the person in the British Parliament who
had made the declaration that the Senate bill of last
session, had it become a law, would have been cause
of war: it was not Sir Robert Peel, but Lord Pal-
merston, who had made that declaration. Mr. A.,
however, referred to the authenticated version of the
debate in Parliament, to show what both Lord Pal-
merston and Mr, Peel did say on the subject, with
a view of justifying the assumption that the threat
of war was used for the purpose of acting on this
Government, and forcing it into negotiation.
Mr. ARCHER, in reply, stated that the resolu-
tion would effect nothing, as he was authorized to
say that no negotiation had been entered into in
England, since last session, on the subject of Oregon.
The Executive of this Government had certainly
made such a proposition, but it was not concurred
in by the British Government; and, therefore, the
instructions sent to our minister were not acted
upon. The British Government had since adopt-
ed the course of sending a minister to this
country with powers to negotiate and adjust all dif-
ficulties with our Government on the subject; and
that minister had either arrived at New York, and
was on his way to the capital, or was on his passage
from England, and might be expected here within a
very few days. Under these circumstances, he op-
posed the resolution, as being calculated to embar-
rass the Executive in the discharge of his duties;
or, if answered by a disclosure of the instructions to
our minister, as likely to prove most injurious to
the interests of the country.
Messrs. MOREHEAt), BERRIEN, RTVES,
and CPJTTENDEN, took the same grounds in op-
posing the resolution. It was advocated by Messrs.
ALLEN and BENTON; the latter proving, from
the journals of the Senate, that General Washington
was in the habit of consulting the Senate on the
terms of any treaty about to be negotiated, and in-
stanced his message relative to Jay's treaty, in 1796,
in which the question of boundary—this very ques-
tion—was under negotiation. Mr. B. proved from
this that General Washington considered it within
the province of the Senate to advise with the execu-
tive upon the terms on which the negotiation of a
treaty was to be laid down, and that it was the only-
safe way of proceeding in a question of territory.
Mr. WOODBURY thought the gentlemen on the
other side unnecessarily sensitive about the effect of
the resolution. He did not see that it could do any
harm, since the legislative action of the Senate
would be, like that of the last session, strictly in
conformity with the existing treaty. Messrs.
BUCHANAN and KING voted against the adoption
of the resolution at present; as they conceived, what-
ever the Senate might choose to do in its executive
capacity, it was not advisable, under the circum-
stances stated by the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations, for the Senate, in its legislative
capacity, to call for the only information the Ex-
ecutive could give—that of its instruction to our
own minister; inasmuch as, if ftirnished and made
known to the world, it might be prejudical to the irj-
