Feb. 1844
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Stiles.
H. of Reps.
union formed by the federal constitution. How
does the construction of the clause contended for by
the advocates of the apportionment law comport
with these objects, which constituted the general
end and design of the government? Is it "to form a
more perfect union" to exclude from that union, (or
the very essence of it, union of legislation,) several of
the high contracting parties that created it, by the
rejection from the floor of the House, of their duly
qualified representatives, in disregard of the solemn
instrument of that union, which declares that there
shall be a House of Representatives, in which each
State shall be fully represented, without which there
can be no legislation, and consequently the moat im-
portant branch of a free government totally destroy-
ed? Is it, "to establish justice" to assume at least a
doubtful power without an occasion or necessity for
its exercise—issuing a mandate to the States involv-
ing a disfranchisement for not performing an impos-
sibility, should the local legislature refuse what
Congress has no right to command; and at length, at-
tempting to force the obedience of such States to laws
which they had no participation in making? Is it
"to insure domestic tranquillity," that the federal
government will presume to quit the sphere in which
the constitution has placed her, and instead of devo-
ng her energies to those external objects confided
to her care, exceeds her jurisdiction, and breaks
down those barriers raised by the constitution for
the defence of domestic rights reserved to the States;
and not only takes possession of the most sacred
and important of them—the right of suffrage—but
commands the sovereign powers exclusively en-
trusted with its control, to bear it forlh, and place it
at the feet of the central power? Is it "to provide
for the common defence," to transform our confed-
erated republic, exercising a few delegated powers,
cautiously guarded and restricted into one great con-
solidated government, ruled by a majority of interest,
without an earthly check for the protection of the
minority, and where—dependent for good or for evil
purely upon the. character of those who administer
it—the oppressed minority must "either suffer
while evils are sufferable, or right themselves
by abolishing the forms to which they are accus-
tomed?" Is it "to promote the general welfare,"
to change a government limited by a written con-
stitution, and based in the affections of the
people, into the all-absording despotism of an
uncontrolled majority, with the right, by force and
arms, to crush all opposition to its assumptions,
and which will acknowledge no other terms of war-
fare but unqualified submission, or the total annihi-
lation of the rights of the States and the sovereignty
of the people? Is it "to secure the blessings of
liberty to ourselves and our posterity" to establish
a despotism? Is this the duty we owe ourselves,
or the gratitude we feel for those from whom we re-
ceived the precious inheritance? Is this our fidelity
for the trust reposed in us for the benefit of pos-
terity, that, instead of obedience to the sublime
patriotism whose impulses were not confined to the
present, and knew no bounds in the future, there
shall proceed from this "temple of freedom,"
the fiat which shall ring throughout those hills
and valleys which have been moistened by the blood
of patriot sires, the last knell of departed liberty?
Thus have I attempted to show that the interpreta-
tion of the ambiguous clause for which I contend
(viz: that it is an extreme or ultimate power, to be
exercised only by Congress in case of its necessity
to preserve the government from dissolution) is sus-
tained by the first test applied to it, viz: the rules of
construction as applied to the constitution.
2. It is sustained by the history of the clause itself.
On examining the history of the formation of the con-
stitution, it will appear that, on the 23d and 26th July,
1787, the convention referred to a "Committee of De-
tail," (appendix, note 6,) the resolutions embracing the
substance of the powers to be conferred on the
general government, and also the drafts of constitu-
tions offered by Messrs. Pinckney, Randolph, Pat-
terson, and Hamilton, and out of which the com-
mittee was directed to prepare and report a constitu-
tion in accordance with the resolutions. On the
Gth August, this committee reported a constitution,
in which is to be found the following clause:
"The times, places, and manner, of holding the
elections of the members of each House, shall be
prescribed by the legislature of each State; but their
provisions concerning them may, at any time, be
altered by the legislatute of the United States."—See
appendix, note 7.
Neither in the resolutions nor drafts of constitu-
tions submitted to the committee, nor even in the (
reported draft, does there appear conferred upon
Congress any power to make any regulations re-
specting the elections of members of the House.
It is evident, then, that there was no original inten-
tion, on the part of the framers of the constitution,
to confer on Congress any essential power over the
subject. , It was not until after the principal fea-
tures of the constitution had been discussed and de-
termined, and when each article and clause was
taken up separately, to receive the finishing touch,
that the difficulty of the failure or refusal on the
part of the States to perform their duty in the. mat-
ter presented itself, (suggested, perhaps, by the
failure of Rhode Island to send her delegates to Con-
gress,) and in which event the legislative power of
the country would cease, that it was thought proper,
as the debates of the 9th of August show, to confer
upon Congress the contingent power alluded to,
with the view alone of preserving the existence of
the government.
The interpretation contended for is farther sus-
tained by contemporary exposition and subsequent
authority.
It will not, I presume, be denied that, in a dispute
as to the meaning of a particular passage in the con-
s-jitution, no better rule for our government can be
adopted—no higher evidence desired, than the jour-
nal and debates of the convention. Let us "then
summon to our councils, as far as practicable, those
who were engaged in framing this deed, and learn
from their testimony what were the intentions of
its authors. Let us, then, examine the opinions of
those who adopted it, and discover the spirit and un-
derstanding with which it was accepted.
The first piece of contemporary exposition to
which I refer, as sustaining the construction con-
tended for, is that of Mr. Madison in a note of his
own, made at the time this clause was under discus-
sion in the convention which formed the constitu-
tion:
"This was meant (he says) to give the national
legislature, a power, not only to alter the, provisions
of the States, but to make regulations in case the
States should fail or refuse —See appen-
dix, note 8.
And #uch is the substance of the debates upon
the point.
The next contemporary exposition is that of
Mr. Nicholas, (a member of the convention,) and
who, in reply to the objections of Patrick Henry in
the Virginia convention on the danger of this
clause, said:
"If the State, legislature, by accident, design, or
any other cause, would not appoint a place for
holding elections, then there might be no election
till the time was passed for which they were to
have been chosen; and as this would essentially put
an end to the Union, it ought to be guarded
against, and it would only be guarded against by
giving this discretionary power to Congress of al-
tering the time, place, and manner of holding the
elections."—Appendix, note 9.
The next evidence to the point, fuun the framers
of the constitution, is that of Alexander Hamilton:
"Its propriety rests upon the evidence of this
plain proposition—-that every government ought to
contain in itself the means of its own preservation."
* * s  * njt wil]} X presume, be as readily con-
ceded that there were only three ways in which
this power could have been reasonably organised;
that it must have been lodged wholly in the nation-
al legislature, or wholly in the State legislatures, or
primarily in the latter, and ultimately in the former.
The last mode has, with reason, been preferred by
the convention. They have submitted the regula-
tion of elections for the federal government, in the
first instance, to the local administration; which, in
ordinary cases, and when no improper views pre-
vail, may be both more convenient and more satis-
factory; but they have reserved to the national au-
thority a right to interpose whenever extraordinary
circumstances might render that interposition ne-
cessary to its safety."—Jlppendix, note 10.
Authority upon this point might be multiplied by
referring to the debates of the Massachusetts con-
vention, in which the same views are expressed by
Samuel Adams; and in those of New York, where
the same ground is taken by Mr. Jay, (Jlppendix,
note 11.) But the Federalist, while it is full
and explicit upon this point, must be an unexcep-
tionable witness. It is known that these essays
were the work of three statesmen, who, whatever
may have been their subsequent opinions, were, in
the convention, the strenuous supporters of the pow-
• ers of the new government. To them belong the
unquestionable advantage and authority, that, hav-
ing been written by the most able and efficient
framers of the constitution, who were the most ex-
treme centralists of the day; having been published
before its adoption, and before its functions and
provisions were called into activity, before partv
spirit existed, or interests, personal, local, or national,
became intermingled in the questions arising out of
its claims of jurisdiction, before any extraneous
bias and pride of opinion could be engaged m its
construction, their views may be considered as fair
and impartial, and as exhibiting the real scope and
purport of the instrument, and the intentions of
those engaged in its formation.
Upon the point of subsequent authority, I refer to
the commentaries of Chancellor Kent and Justice
Story, where the same views are advanced.—See
appendix, note 12.
Having, then, the opinions of those who were en-
gaged in framing the instrument, and discovered-
that our interpretation is fully sustained by the in-
tention of its authors, let us refer to the other branch
of the testimony, and examine the views of those
who adopted it, and discover the spirit and under-
standing with which it was accepted.
On the 17th September, 1787, the convention
completed their labors, and delivered the result of
their deliberations to Congress, to be transmitted-
to the legislatures of the several States, "in order
to be submitted to a convention of delegates, chosen
in each State by the. people thereof." It is from
the. proceedings of these State conventions, that we.
are to look for the spirit and understanding with
which it was accepted. I refer to the ratifications;
of the States. Massachusetts proposed the following-
amendment, and her example was followed by six
others:
"That Congress do not exercise the powers
vested in them by the fourth section of the first arti-
cle, but in cases where a State shall neglect or refuse
to make the. regulations therein mentioned, or shall
make regulations subversive of the rights of the peo-
ple to a free and equal representation in Congress,
agreeably to the constitution." And that of the
other States is to the same effect.—See appendix, note
13.
Such was the understanding of the constitution by
the States when they accepted it; such was the con-
struction of the compact made by a majority of the
parties to it, and meeting with no dissent from the
other parties. Upon what principles oflaw or equity,
justice or good faith, can a different construction 'be
now given to it' No principle is better settled, or
more universally admitted, than that every contract,
every instrument, to which there are two or more
parties, is to be construed in the sense in which those
parties understood it at the time they entered into
it; and this is especially true in reference to our con-
stitution, which was spoken into existence by the
mighty voice of the people, derived its being from
their ratification alone, and was created—ratified
as they understood it. The constitution, when first
prepared and presented to the people of the States,
"was but a mere proposal (a recommendation) with-
out obligation, or pretensions to it." "The people
were at perfect liberty to accept or reject it, and
their act was final."
The instrument received its validity, binding
strength, solely from the ratification of it by the
people, or, in its own language, by their "ordaining
and establishing it." And what were the construc-
tions given to the constitution, but the manner of
ratification, the intent and meaning with which the
people of the States ordained and established the
constitution. It was the construction which they
attached to the instrument, and in which construc-
tion alone they accepted it. Had that construction
been different from the true intent and meaning of
the constitution, would the other six States have
assented to the instrument, and received those ma-
king such constructive ratifications? Clearly not.
And had these ratifying States understood the clause
to contain the power _ now claimed for it by the ad-
vocates of the apportionment law, would they have
ratified it? Clearly not; and as, in either event, there
would have been no constitution without such a
construction, it results that it was the true intent
and meaning of the clause made by one, and as-
sented to by the other; and whatever ambiguity or
difficulty there may be as to the other clause or parts
of the instrument, this clause, at least, is safe from
doubt; this has a settled meaning, which must re-
main coexistent with the instrument itself. To pur-
sue any other course, to place that construction r.pojj
