134
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Eeb. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Stiles.
H. of Reps.
it, for which the friends of the apportionment law H
contend, would be to wrest from the States by in- |]
tentional fraud, power which they not only never
intend to give to Congress, but which a majority of
them expressly objected and refused to confer at
the time of its adoption.
If, as history teaches, that constitution (such was
the opposition to innovation) was, during its ratifi-
tion, forced heavily through the State convention,
even under the most solemn assurances and stipula-
tions that it contained no secret mechanism, nothing
concealed or disguised,—what would have been its
fate could the people have imagined that it was a
stupendous fraud, concealing doctrines which might
(by implication) violate every express and under-
mine every reserved right of the States, and pros-
trate at the feet of usurped authority those principles
which all hold sacred and inviolate? The answer
19, it never would have been ratified; and as it never
could have received such a construction then, it
should not receive it now, as well for reasons I have
advanoed, viz:
Because it is defeated by the rules of construc-
tion laid down for the constitution;
By the history of the clause;
By contempory exposition and subsequent au-
thority;
As that it is repugnant to my second proposition
on other characteristics of our government, viz:
That the constitution of our general govern-
ment is a limited and definite instrument; that to
supply its defects by assumption, or enlarge its
powers by construction, instead of a resort to con-
stitutional amendments, as therein pointed out, is
contrary to its letter and spirit, and subversive of the
ends of its creation.
But my colleague, in support of the position that
the absolute power over elections is vested in Con-
gress, referred to the amendment, proposed by Mr.
Barke of South Carolina, in the Congress of 1789,
"to limit the exercise of this power on the part of
Congress;" and, with an air of triumph, contended
that the defeat of that proposed amendment "elear-
!y showed that it was then understood that Congress
possessed the. absolute power," and that it, was not
deemed advisable to yield it to the ,States.
If I have misapprehended the object of my col-
league in referring to Mr, Burke's resolution, F will
afford him the opportunity to set me right upon the
subject.
[Mr. Stephens here, took the floor, but was not
understood to disclaim that such was his object.]
Then, I state that'my colleague has either read,
or he has not, the debates which took place in Con-
gress upon the presentation of that amendment. If
lie has not read them, I commend them to his im-
mediate jierusal; and feel assured that, had lus in-
vestigation extended that far, he would have been
spared the trouble of any reference to them; but if,
on the other hand, lie has read them, he cannot avoid
the imputation having attempted to impose upon
this House incorrect reasons for the defeat of that
resolution. He cannot but know that Mr. Burke's
amendment failed, not because it was understood
that Congress possessed, and ought, not to yield its
power over elections; but, among other good rea-
sons, the principal one was, to use the language of the
debate, that "no danger iwis to be apprehended that
Congress would ever exercise, that power."
It is to me a source of regret that the course which
my colleague has pursued on this question, has
made it necessary to advert to the unenviable posi-
tion which, in regard to it, he has alone chosen to
assume. I regret that, he should have thought it ne-
cessary, by a labored speech, to have convinced us
of his want of title to Ins seat, when that end could
have, been so much more effectually and consistently
accomplished, without the utterance of a single word,
by his absence from this hall. But 1 regret, more
than all, that, with a declaration on his lips that he
it cot entitled to his seat, he should still undertake
vo yotc, act, and receive the emolumi nts, to winch a
>y!ght t" That seat alone entitled him. There was a
v.'hcfi Mich assurance would have been consid-
ered at Jeast a want of delicacy; when such a differ-
ence between opinion and action would have been
jrieid st leant .a want of consistency; but those days, I
suppose, atv gone, and the time arrived when such
amblushiiig afffontcry is deemed, perhaps, an exhi-
bition cf "moral fifojness," surpassing that which
.distinguished General jackson at New Orleans, and
equalled only by that of the, judge who pronounced
•the infamous sentence upon huB,=—Appendix, note 14.
My colleague says that this is a question for the
judgment of this House; but Jet me tn)} Jjjrp, in all
kindness, that he has, in my opinion, mistaken the
tribunal in which such a question was properly cog-
nizable. His position involved a question, let me
say to him, not to be tried and decided in this House,
but alone to be determined in foro consciemice. Be-
fore that tribunal do I arraign and charge him with
the commission of two high and enormous offences.
He cannot but know, from the study of that pro-
fession for which he was educated, the nature and
criminality of the offence; and I therefore leave him
to name it, while I charge him with taking that to
which he says, and perhaps thinks, he knows that
he has no right, or even "color of title."
Again: he cannot but know, from the profession
he has followed, that, to participate m the delibera-
tions of this body, with no right to a seat, is against
the constitution; and I thereupon charge him with the
offence, leaving him to name it, which arises out of
the violation of an instrument which he has sioorn to
support.
Mr. Stephens, on leave being given him, ask-
ed if the gentleman would undertake to be the keep-
er or the judge of his conscience.
Mr. Stix.es replied: God forbid that I should ever
be the keeper of such a conscience!
Yes, sir, my colleague, with a declaration on his
lips, and a feeling in his heart, that he is not entitled
to his seat—whilst, consequently, in the very act of
violating the constitution of his country—lays his
hand upon the word of life, and calls upon God to
help him, or not to help him, as he may or may not
support that instrument. If not before, high
heaven—if not before the world, at least in the
silent workings of his thoughts, he must plead
guilty! guilty! Sir, I dismiss him; and without pre-
suming to be his "judge," I may say to him, with
as deep sincerity as ever it was pronounced from
the bench to a condemned criminal, "may God Al-
mighty have mercy upon your soul!"
To return to the argument. So far, I have dwelt
upon the power itself. 1 now refer to the manner of
its exercise. I have attempted to show, that the
power in question was a contingent power, to be
used only m the event of a contingency; and as no
contingency, it will be pretended, has occurred, its
exercise at this time is consequently unconstitution-
al; but in t.he next place I will endeavor to show—
That the maimer of its exercise, by the act of
1842, is unconstitutional.
llow is Congress to exercise the power when the
contingency occurs? The article 1st, section 4th, an-
swers the question. "Congress may, at any time,
by law, make or alter such regulations." Congress,
"by lair," not by command—by a law of Congress, not
a law of the fitidis—"make" or "alter" herself, not
command the State to make or alter. Such was the
duty of Congress, under the constitution; let us ex-
amine her act, and see how it. comports with her
duty. "Members to which each State shall be enti-
tled shall be elected by districts, composed of con-
tiguous territory." The duty of Congress, if the
emergency had occurred, is as plain as if it. had been
delineated by a sunbeam. Congress should have
exercised its ultimate jurisdiction over the whole
subject of "time, place, and manner," plainly declar-
ing what regulations of what State it makes or
alters, providing the details of its execution, and the
manner and means of enforcing it, so as to secure to
the people of such State their constitutional rights,
thus thrown into abeyance, and to the federal Union
a representation on the iloor of Congress. Inde-
pendent of the fact that the simple grant of a power
carries with it the necessary and proper means
to make it effectual, the manner m which this
power is to be exercised, and the difficulty
overcome is expressly stated. When, therefore,
Congress is expressly required to do a tiling herself,
can she get the States to do it' Wiil it be contended,
that a command to the State legislature is a sufficient
performance of her own duty under the constitution;
The question is, Has Congress, by the 2d section
of the apportionment law, exercised her constitu-
tional power of making the regulations' It is essen-
tial to the exercise of this power, either that Con-
gress should "make such regulations" of itself—that
is to take the entire power, and lay off, and establish
the districts—or should alter the regulations already
made by the States; so that, with those alterations,
and the State laws upon the subject unrepealed, an
election might be held. To make the regulations,
Congress must exercise the power, so as to save the
States from the performance of the duty. To alter the
regulations, Congress must alter or change something
already made by the State legislatures. .Neither of
these things have been done. Congress has not
made or formed the districts, nor has Congress al-
tered any regulations previously made by the States.
The power cannot be exercised by both at the same
time; nor can it be divided, so as a part to be exe-
cuted by one, and a part by the other. If the State
legislatures exercise this power of prescribing "the
time, place, and manner" of holding these elections,
they must exercise their own authority, untram-
melled by the dictation of Congress, And if Con-
gress make these regulations, they must be made
so as to be executed without the agency of the State
legislatures. It is clear, that when Congress simply
provides by law, that the several States shall be laid
off into districts, to be composed of contiguous ter-
ritory, it makes a provision which is dependent
upon the action of the State legislature for its execu-
tion, while it is equally evident that she has failed
to perform the duty which, in the case of an emer-
gency, is enjoined upon her by the constitution.
This principle was clearly established by the supreme
court of the United States —See appendix, note 15.
This brings us to the question, can Congress con-
trol the legislation of the States? Can it, whilst re-
fusing to exercise a power, compel its exercise by
the States? Call the act a command, or call it direo
tion; call it what you please, you must attach State
legislation to it. It is intended to operate upon the
States in their corporate capacity, without creating
the slightest obligation upon citizens; its force can
never reach the people until it is at first obeyed by
the States.
Does the constitution make the States the subjects
or the agents of federal legislation?
Are the States the subjects, and can Congress
command them? Can she negative the laws of the
States, and consider as a nullity those acts, in force
and unrepealed, under which the members now ap-
plying were elected? That question was decided on
the y3d August, 1787, in the halls of the convention,
when the following additional power was proposed
to be, vested in the legislature of the United States,
"to negative all laws passed by the several States,
interfering in the opinion of the'legislature with the
general interest and harmony oi' the Union "—
(See appendix, note lit.)
No; though State legislatures have often declared
acts ofCongress unconstitutional, yet no case, I think,
can be, found in which Congress has assumed to
pronounce State acts unconstitutional. Upon this
point, it is a waste of time to enlarge; for, if Con-
gress cannot, without an express grant of power
from the. States, exercise authorityover her forts,
magazines, and dock-yards, how can she presume to
exercise authority over the, legislature itself—the
very source of that power? if it cannot, without the
consent of the State, exercise control over one, foot
of its soil, how can it presume to control the judg-
ment, fetter the will, and bind the conscience of sov-
ereign power itself?
If not the subjects, does the constitution make the
States the agents of federal legislation? and can Con-
gress direct them? Can it delegate to them the right
of legislating? This question was decided by the
Supreme Court, in "Wayman and Claikrs. Southard
and Starr, that "the legislature cannot delegate its
authority to legislate to any other person; nor can
they legislate, jointly with another body."— {Appen-
dix, note 17.) Upon this point it is equally useless
to dwell; for, if Congress cannot confer upon the,
State, courts the power to try and punish a crime
committed within the limits of its territory, or to
enforce a penalty created under any law of Con-
gress, it cannot confer upon the State legislatures
the power to legislate over any subject, and particu-
larly one of that civil, personal, and domestic char-
acter—the selection of their own representatives—
which the people, (the framers of our institutions)
held too dear to be placed under the control of the
federal government, (the government of general
powers,) but which they wisely and specially con-
fided to the governments nearer home—the legisla-
tures of their respective States.
The States are not, then, the subjects or the agents
of the federal government; and there is no power
conferred on Congress, in any part of the constitu-
tion, to command or direct them to perform, or not
to perform, any act of legislation. If such were
the constitution, Congress might, in future, limit its
own operation to the assertion of general principles,
and leave to its subjects (the States) the drudgery of
legislation necessary to carry those principles into
eflect; and, for all practical purposes, would reverse
the relation between them, putting the agent in the
place of the principal, and the principal" in that of
the agent, and which would degrade the States from
