CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
121
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported back, with amend-
ments, the bill for the adjustment of land claims in
the States of Mississippi, Louisiana, Alabama, and
Arkansas.
The amendments were ordered to be printed
Mr. FAIRFIELD, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported in favor of printing certain reports.
the compromise act.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Finance,
to which had been referred the bill to revive the act
of the 2d March, 1833, usually called the compro-
mise act, and to modify the existing duties upon
foreign imports in conformity to its provisions,
stated that the committee had had the bill under
consideration; and that a majority of them had in-
structed him to ask that it be discharged from the
further consideration of the subject. I'he commit-
tee came to this conclusion, on the impression that
the bill could not originate in the Senate, being one,
in the meaning of the Constitution, to raise revenue.
Supposing that there might be a disposition on the
part of the Senate, and especially on the part of
the Senator [Mr. McDuffie] who introduced the
bill, to discuss this question, the committee had in-
structed him to report a resolution for the consider-
ation of the Senate. The resolution was read as
follows:
Resolved, That the bill entitled "a bill to revive
the act of the 2d March, 1833, usually called the
compromise act, and to modify the existing duties
upon foreign imports in conformity with its provis-
ions," is a bill for raising revenue within the mean-
ing of the 7th section of the 1st art-icle of the Con-
stitution, and cannot therefore originate in the Sen-
ate: therefore
Resolved, That it be indefinitely postponed.
On motion by Mr. EYANS, the consideration of
the resolution was postponed till Thursday next,
and it was made a special order for that day; and the
bill and resolutions were ordered to be printed.
Mr. FULTON gave notice that he would, on to-
morrow, ask leave to introduce a bill to surrender to
the States of Missouri and Arkansas, certain pub-
lic lands, reported to be not worth the expense of
survey, for the purpose of increasing the value of
other public lands.
Mr. SEMPLE, on leave, introduced a bill to grant
a portion of the public lands to the State of Illinois,
for the purpose of aiding in the completion of the
Illinois and Michigan canal; which was read twice,
and referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. TAPPAN, on leave, introduced a bill to repeal
an act entitled An act to amend the act of
the 20 th March, 1838, entitled an act changing the
time of holding the circuit and district courts of the
State of Ohio; which was read, and ordered to a
second reading.
Mr. PHELPS, on leave, introduced a bill to repeal
the act approved the 23d August, 1842, entitled An
act to provide for the satisfaction of claims arising
under the 14th and 19th articles of the treaty of
Dancing Rabbit Creek, concluded in September,
1832; which was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. MILLER, on leave, introduced a bill regu-
lating the issuing and return of writs and other pro-
cesses in the county of Alexandria, in the District
of Columbia; which was read twice, and referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. JARNAGIN gave notice that he would, on
to-morrow, ask leave to introduce a bill to increase
the salary of the district judge of Eastern, Middle,
and Western Tennessee.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented a memorial, adopt-
ed at a convention held in the city of New York by
the representatives of the claimants for indemnity
for French spoliations prior to 1800: referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. SEMPLE, on leave, introduced a bill to ex-
tend the national road to the city of Alton, on the
Mississippi river; which was read twice, and refer-
red to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
the oregon.
The resolution introduced by Mr. Semfle, on
yesterday, came up for consideration, and was read,
as follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to give notice to the British Govern-
ment that it is the desire of the Government of the
United States to annul and abrogate the provisions
of the 3d article of the convention concluded be-
tween the Government of the United States of
America and his Britanic Majesty the King 0# thft
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, on
the 20th of October, 1818, and indefinitely continued
by the convention between the same parties, signed
at London, the 6th of August, 1827.
Mr. HUNTINGTON made some remarks in fa-
vor of the postponement of the resolution, under a
misconception of its reading, which were not dis-
tinctly heard.
Mr. KING called for the reading of the resolu
tion. It was read.
' Mr. SEMPLE said the object of the resolution
was to act immediately; and so far as it was intend-
ed to express any thing, it expresses that there
should be a determination of the treaty in which it
was agreed that there should be a joint occupation
of the Oregon by the United States and Eng-
land. So far as regarded himself, he wished to have
the notice given, and an end put to that treaty. The
United States cannot do it in less than twelve
months; and he therefore thought no time should be
lost. He had no particular objection to act on the
suggestion of the honorable Senator from Connecti-
cut. He intended himself to move a similar
proposition, as he was well aware that the question
was one requiring great .deliberation, and one that
might produce difficulties between the two nations.
He was therefore willing that the resolution should
be laid on the table until some future day, when he
would move to take it up.
Mr. HUNTINGTON remarked, that when the
'resolution was read, he supposed it to have refer-
ence to putting an end to some of those treaties
called reciprocity treaties, which operated so un-
justly and unequally upon the navigating interests
of this country. If he had not mistaken the reading
of the resolution, he should not have interfered with
the honorable Senator from Virginia who was at the
head of the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. ARCHER was not aware of any objection-
that could be made to the resolution, on the ground
that it could have any action of sufficient consequence
to involve the peace of the country; for it appeared
to him, if the Senate intended to go into the subject
of the settlement of the title to Oregon, that the
course proposed by the resolution should be the
initiatory step. He thought it desirable, how-
ever, as the subject was one involving very impor-
tant considerations, that the resolution should go to
a committee before final action upon it. He merely
threw out this suggestion, not then intending to
submit any such motion, although he might, on a
future occasion, find it necessary to move its refer-
ence to the Committee on Foreign Relations. He
would go for the printing of the resolution, and the
postponement to another day.
Mr. KING was aware of the very important na-
ture of the proposed resolution, and of the necessity
of giving to it the calmest and most deliberate con-
sideration; but, to enable the Senate to do so, he
would suggest to his honorable friend that, instead
of laying it on the table, to be called up at a mo-
ment when the Senate was not prepared for it or
expected it, he would name a day certain for its
consideration. This course would enable the Sen-
ate to be prepared for the question; but if laid on the
table, as now proposed, it might be called on before
that body had time to give to it the consideration it
required. He therefore suggested that it be made
the special order for a distant day.
Mr. MOREHEAD concurred with the Senator
from Alabama as to the great and calm deliberation
which this question demanded; and this he thought
it would best meet with by the Senator from Illinois
adopting a different course; and that course, he sug-
gested, would be a reference of the whole subjeet to
the Committee on Foreign Relations, in whose
hands it should remain until the result of the pend-
ing or expcctcd negotiations were made known.
Then there would be no difficulty in _ acting on the
resolution, if so recommended, or in deferring it
indefinitely. He merely rose now for the purpose
of • submitting the motion for its reference to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. SEMPLE said, although the question of ref-
erence was at some times of importance, he did not
consider it necessary at the present moment to en-
tertain it. He did not believe that laying the resolu-
tion on the table, to be brought up on a future day,
would be productive of the inconvenience alluded to
by the Senator from Alabama. It would not cause
it'to be brought up when the Senate was unprepared;
but on the contrary, if a certain day was named,
and that at a distant period, (as weeks might elapse
before it would be ready for discussion,) Senators
might, in the interim, forget the day, and come to
its consideration wholly as unprepared as'if no paiv'
ticular day had been named. In the latter case, the'
remedy was simple; as, if not prepared, they could
defer it until a day when they would be. He did
not believe the Senate would be prepared to go oft'
with it for two or three weeks. He moved to-lay
the resolution on the table, and print it.
Mr. WALKER said that if it was in contempla-
tion, when the resolution came up for consideration,
after being laid upon the table, to refer it to the
Committee on Foreign Relations, he thought the
proper course would be to refer it at once to that
committee'. That course would certainly be the
most expeditious one. If the resolution was of so
much importance, it would be best to go before it
nefw; or, if it be postponed, it should be to sorafcday
certain, not far ahead.
Mr. SEMPLE said, if a postponement was in-
sisted on, he had no objection to its being made a
special order for Monday next.
Mr. HAYWOOD was understood to suggest
whether the entertaining of any resolution upon the
subject of the Oregon would not be inconsistent with
the action of the Senate yesterday, when it solemnly
decided that they had no right to the information
desired by the resolution rejected; thus tacitly de-
claring that it was not competent for the Senate, in
its legislative capacity, to call for it. He submitted,
with great diffidence, whether, if the Senate consent-
ed to entertain the question, it would not involve
great inconsistency of action, and violate the prece-
cedent established yesterday. Believing that it
would', he moved that the resolution be indefinitely
postponed.
Mr. SEMPLE said this suggestion would be
more proper when the resolution came up for con-
sideration. The resolution was not now under con-
sideration, but the proposition was to postpone its
consideration till Monday next. The time to con-
sider the suggestions of the honorable Senator from
North Carolina would be when the resolution came
up on its merits. He much preferred that the reso-
lution should be postponed till Monday next, and
then the proposition to postpone indefinitely could
be entertained. But if the gentleman persisted ill
his motion, he would demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. BUCHANAN suggested to the Senator from
North Carolina, that it would be better not to press
his motion; it could as well be brought forward on
Monday: the interim would give to Senators time
to think. For his own part, he was ready at all
times to give his advice for annulling the treaty
in question; it ought to have been done long since.
Certainly, to give the notice required by the treaty,
could not have an injurious bearing upon the nego-
tiations about to be started upon this question. He
did not know that the further consideration of the
subject was wholly uncalled for, as, for all he knew,
the notice may have been already given. Whether
they should give their advice in legislative or executive
session, was another question. He hoped the honor-
able Senator would withdra whis motion, and allow
the consideration of the resolution to stand over till
Monday.
After a few further remarks by Messrs. ARCH-
ER, RIVES, MOREHEAD, MERRICK, and
HAYWOOD, upon the subject, the latter gentleman
withdrew his motion for the indefinite postponement
of the resolution—at the same time giving notice
that, if his mind was not changed before it again
came up for consideration, he would introduce a
resolution embodying his opinion on the question he
had started.
The question was then taken on postponing the
further consideration of the resolution till Monday
next, and carried in the affirmative.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr. Al-
len* on yesterday, came up in order, and was adopts
ed, as follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to inform the Senate, if in his power
so to do, whether any of the Indian tribes, or any
of the Indians resident within the territorial limits
of the United States, are in the receipt, periodically
or occasionally, of any pension, pay, or present, in
money, or other tilings, from the British Govern-
ment; and if so, he be requested to state the partic-
ulars: also, whether the Government of the United
States have had any correspondence with the British
Government in relation to that matter; and, in that
event, that he be requested to lay before the Senate
a copy of such correspondence.
A message was received from the House inform-
ing the Senate of the passage of the bill to refund the
