Feb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
137
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. orris.
H. of Reps.
law against parricide would be wanted in the repub-
lic," the American sage, from the same cause, was
betrayed into the same error, in supposing it unne-
cessary to guard the offspring against imbruing its
hands in the life-blood of the parent.
APPENDIX.
Note 1.—See Mr Madison1* L-ttcr to Edward Everett, dated
Mompelier, August, 1830.
Note 2 —See Federal!-', No. 23, 45, 14. Jefferson's Memoirs,
4th vol ,306.
Note 3.—s?ee Federalist, No, 4'i.
Note 4.—See IstEHjotia D;bjtes, p 68aodC9-
NoteS.—Sue 3.1 Elliott's Debates, p. Go and G6.
Note 6 —See 2J Madison Paper*, 1226
Note 7.—See 2d Madison Pap 'i<?, 1229.
Note 8 —See 31 Madison P ipers, 1282.
N* te 9 Spi* 21 Elliott's Debates, p 39—Mr. Nicholas.'^
speech.
Note 10.—See Federalist, No. 59—by Mr. H^mi-ion.
Note 11—See 1st Elliott's J)*botes, p 137 '8—for Mr.
Adams'popmion. See 1st Mliott's Debates, p.288 '9—fui Mr
Jay's opinion.
Note 12—."The legislature of each S'afe preset ibes the time*,
places, and manner of holding elections', subject, however, to
the inteiference and conuol of Congtess, which is pormiued
them for the sake of theirown preservation, and which it is to
be presumed the.y will never be disposed to exercise, < xcept
when any Stave snail neg'ect or refuse to make adequate pio
vision for the purpose."—1 Kent's Commenianes, p232.
"The constitution gives to the Siate legislatures the pjwer to
regulate the time, ptdfe, and manner of ho'du.g election*-; and
thi« will b<s so desirable a boon in their possession, on ac^unt
of their ability to adapt, the legulatien, fiotn time to time, to
the peculiar local < v political convenience of the States, that its
representatives \a Congress will not be brought to a«ster.t to any
general system by Congress, unless irom an estieme nccessi y,
or a very urgent exigency Indeed, the danger rather is, that,
when such necessity or exigency actnally arises, the measure
will be postponed, and perhaps defeated, by the unpopu'ari-y
of the exe.cise of the power. Ail the States will, urder com
mon ciicnmstances, have a local inteiest, and loca^prnle, in
preventing CMy interference by Congress; and it is incredible
that this influence should not be fell, as well in (hp Senate asm
thefF' n*e. It is not too much, therefore, to presume that it
will not be resorted to by Congiess un-il there has been some
extraordinary abuse or dangei in leaving it to the disc.euon of
the States respectively."
"A period of forty yeats has since passed by, without any
attempt by Consret-s t'« m.fke any if ^illations, or mteiiese, in
the slightest, degree, with the election of members of Congi^s.
If theiefose, e\pe:ience can ducoi.s'rate anything, H h the en-
tile safeiy nf lift power m Congress, winch u is sraicely pos-
sible (rea^ornnff fioni itie p«i-0 tnouid oe exerted, unless upon
very maent occasions. The S a'es now u-snl.we the unv,
place, ar *l the manner of electim:?, in a picictn al sense, exclu-
sively —2 S.'ory's Con , p. I0S1.
Note 13.—Kat ficotions of the constitution.
State of Sooth Carolina —'"And win leas it is essential to
the preservation of the rights reserved to the several States, and
the freedom of the people, unfertile operations of a general
government, that the light right ol piescnhnig the manret,
time, and places of holding the elections t > the fedeial k'gisla-
ture, should be forever insepaiab'y annexed to the soveieignty
of the several States; this tonvtution dodi def hire that the
gameought to remain, to ail posterity, a perpetual and funda-
mental light in the local, exclusive crt the irtterfeience of the
general government, except in ca=ts where the legislatures of
the States shall refuse or neg'ect, to perform and fulfil the
same, according to thetenoi otthe ?aul con titution.
State {pVirgi>tia—"ThatCorgics^ slmll not aiter, modi-
fy, or intei feie m the time®, p!a.'t s, or m^ner ol holding ► h c-
tions for senators and repjr<en(an\< s, m ei'tn-i of them, rxcrpt
when the Ut.i-lat.me of aov State «h„i! n< ".Ikm lefuse. oi be dis-
abled, by invasion or rebellion, to piescnne the s..ihe.'1
State of New Vosk —"T.iat the Conar« s^shaii not make or
alter any regulation in any S a">> iespect*ug the nmfs, places,
a ,d manner ol holding e'eaiom for* er,i«oisor representatives,
unless the lesislatme of su-'h snail neg'prt or ufuse to
make laws or regulations for the purp-^-* or S om any cncu-n-
stances be incapable of makms the v-une; fl then i u'y until
the legislature of such S'.ae s'mII tn«ke piovi&iou in the piom-
K>es.*'
State or No ith Carolina—"That the Co* gic?s shad not
alter, motiify, <u- mteifne m the t>mes, places, or manner of
holding elections for senator? end repr 's-enr m either
of them, exc«"-t when the U-gsia'me o* t«ny State s-hdli nec'ect,
jefus or be disabled by invasion or rebellion to pieucube the
same."
State of Rhode Island —''Th-.t the Congress shall not
alter, modify, oi mteifeie in ti e times, places, or manner of
holding elections for senators and representatives, or either
of them, except when the legislatuie of any S-a'e shall neglect,
refuse, oi be disabled by invasion or rebellion to prrsenbe the
same "
State of New Hampshire —Word for word as those of
Massachusetts.
Note 14. —flurirw the debate on the bill to refund the fine im-
posed on General Jackson, Mr. Stephens of Georgia ^marked
that ,ithe judge (Hall.) on that occasion, showed more moral
firmness than did the general who defended the ciiy."—See
Congressional Globe, p. 87
Note 15 — In the case of Houston rs. Moore, 5 \\ heat R- p ,
1 21 22 it was expressly held that when Congress have exer-
cisril'a rower over a particular subject given them by the con-
stitution, ma not competent for State legislation loaiMto he
provTslonsofCon^reU upon that .object; for that the wtll of
Kmares^ upon the whole subject, la as clearly establish™ by
what It f.atl not declared, as by what 11 has exptessed.-lb 1 e
ters, 618.
Note 16.—Sec. 2 Madisun Papers, 916.
Note 17.—Sec. lOWheaton's Reports, 1.
Note 18 —See Federalist, No 52,2 Story's Com , 284.
Note 19 —See Luther Martin's Report to the Convention of
Maiyland, secret proceedinas* of convention, p. 42.
Note 20.—See 3 Madison Papers, appendix 8
Notp 21 —-^ee Madison Papeia.
Note 22—See 2 Madison Papei?, 9S5.
Note 23.—See Federal!?r, No GO.
Note24 —Se<? Proration oflnileper.dence.
REMARKS OF MR. NORRIS,
OF NETV HAMPSHIRE.
In the House of Representatives, February 10, 1844—
On the right of the members who had been elect-
ed by general tir-ket to the 28th Congress from
New Hampshire, Geoigia, Mississippi, and Mis-
souri, to hold seats in the House of Representa-
tives.
The SPEAKER stated the order of the day to be
the report of the Committee of Elections, on which
the gentleman from New Hampshire had the floor.
Mr. NORRIS rose, and, after a few introductory
remarks, said, notwithstanding the manner and feel-
ings which had characterized the debate on this sub-
ject from the very first moment of the session; not-
withstanding the high-toned charges which had been
preferred against the representath es of four sovereign
States on this floor, of which New Hampshire (the
State he had the honor in part to represent) was
one,—he hoped that the House would be able to ap-
proach this subject as a great constitutional and legal
question, and calmly and dispassionately to meet it,
on legal and constitutional grounds—that, for one, it
was his ardent desire so far to divest himself of all
personal feeling in the matter as to be able so to
meet and discuss it.
It had been said here, by gentlemen on the other
side of this hall, that there was an ultimate tribunal
beyond the bar of this House, which was to pass
final judgment on this question; that the people of
this nation would pass a judgment of confirmation
or reversal upon our decision. He (Mr. N.) said
he was rejoiced that it was so; for were it not for
this controlling power of the people, he would place
but very little value upon their constitutional rights
and freedom.
He said the positions which he should a^urae
would be legal one?; such as necessarily sprang out
of our peculiar organization of government, or such
as were based upon the plain and indubitable prin-
ciple of the common law. He now invited gentle-
men to discuss those positions with him, both be-
fore tins House and the country.
It had been said by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. W. Hunt,] on yesterday, that the diffi-
culty in this case arose from a misunderstanding as
o the powers of the general and State governments;
but he (Mr. N.) dissented from that position. The
legislatures of New Hampshire, Georgia, Missis-
sippi, and Missouri, had no riclu, as such, to a rep-
resentation in this House. The contest was not
between the State and general governments, but
between the sorm-ig>i people of four States of this
Union and the Congiess of the United States. The
people of those States demanded their constitutional
rio-ht of representation on this floor, to which cer-
tain members m this House were opposed. And
why? Was if because the repiesentatives from
those States had not been fairly elected by a ma-
jority of the qualified electors m their respective
States? Was it because they had not been elected
in conformity with the only regulations m their re-
spective States by which it was possible for the
people to have made the election'5 No. But it was
because they had not been elected by sin^ie dis-
tricts, in conformity with a rule prescribed by an act
of the last Congress, which mode of election it was
impossible for the people of those States to have
pursued. Neither the State legislatures nor Con-
gress had established such districts within the bor-
ders of their respective States. In proof of this,
(Mr. N. said,) he would refer the House to a por-
tion of the celebrated protest of the federal party,
which declares that—
' By the act of Congress of .Time 25. 1842, 'for the apportion-
ment of representatives among the several States according to
the sixth census,' it was enacted 'that, m every case wheie a
State is entitled to more than one representative, the number
to which each State shall be entitled under the apportionment
shall be elected by d'stnets composed of contiguous territory,
equal in number to the number of representatives to which
paid State may be entitled, no one district electing more than
one representative.'
"The several States above named have refused oi faded to
provide by law for the election by districts of representatives
trom those States respectively to the 28th Congress, each of
them being entitled to more than one representative, and the
people of those States have faded, therefore, to elect repre«
seniativesby districts, as the law of Congress rfquned.
'These facts are notorious, indisputable, and undisputed;
they are known to all, and admitted by all Failing to elect by
distncts, they have Jailed to elect at all, fornll iegal and consti-
tutional puiposes. They could uot elect, because there were
no districts in those S:ates hom which to elect Election by
geneial ticket is no election. No existing and vihd law au«
ihoi"7ed any suehelection tobe held; and no election, therefore,
has been held m tho<e States at which repres^n'&tives for the
2S'h CurgiOfS could be chosen."
Here, said Mr. N., wag the rule, as prescribed in
the .second section of the apportionment act of the
ast Congress; and here the exposition of that rule,
as given by the federal party on this floor, with its
consequences upon the right to representation of
the people of these States.
This v.-as no contest, then, between the State and
general governments, but a struggle of the people of
four of the sovereign States of this confederacy,
for their constitutional rights of representation on
this floor—for the right to participate in making
those laws by which they were to be governed,
against the disfranchising operation of this law of
Congress. Whether, then, the second section of
apportionment act now under debate, was or "was
not mandatory upon tire State legislatures—whether
it placed the State legislatures under constitutional
obligations to enact laws to carry it out, he would
not stop a single moment lo discuss. It was enough
for him to know that its godfathers, its advocates
upon this floor, contended it was so far mandatory
upon the sovertipi people of four of the States as,
by its own mere operation, to disfranchise them—to
thrust them without the pale of the Union against
their most solemn protestations. What he should
attempt to establish was, lliat Congress had no con-
stitutional power to enact a law producing such a
result, under the flimsy pretext of regulating the
manner of holding elections.
The first question which he would examine was
this: what were the constitutional rights and duties
of the people of the several States, and what
the constitutional powers and duties of the State
legislatures, and of Congress, in regard to the sub-
ject of elections to this House? To arrive at correct
conclusions upon this inquiry, it became necessary
to examine the constitution ilself. The second sec-
tion of the fust article of that instrument provides:
lT!iat the Uou?e of Representatives shall be i tmiposed oi
memb. r^ cltosin evuty recoil'! ytar by the peop'oof thesev-
eta! Sidtrs:nn,l the t lectors in t ach Sia'e sir V b^ve the qual-
ifications rt qui-no lor electors of the most numerous branch of
the -tate le isla"iie* "
Here the fundamental and vital right of electing
members to this House was vested in the people of
the several States; not only so—here, too, was im-
posed upon them the indispensable duty to make
such election. Without the exercise of this right,
and the performance of this duty, the general gov-
ernment could never have had existence, nor could it
now exist beyond the term of a single election.
It had been said (and he believed it was first said
by the honorable gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Campbell,) in a speech, which had often been
referred to on this floor,) that the only power given
to State legislatures to regulate the times, places,
and manner of holding elections, was conferred by
the fourth section of the first article of the constitu-
tion. But was that so? The important grant made
in the second section, of the right to elect, coupled
with the duty of making the election, earned with it
all the incidental powers necessary to its full exer-
cise and enjoyment. Did not the second section, then,
give to the'people of the several States all the power
to regulate, through their respective legislatures, the
times, places, and manner of holding the elections,
without any aid from the fourth section? He was
satisfied that every gentleman upon this floor, upon
reflection, would sustain him in his position, that it
did Such a construction arose from one of the
plainest principles of law. It maybe asked, then,
what necessity was there for the fourth section,
w-hich provides that "the times, places, and manner
of holding elections for senators and representatives,
shall be prescribed in each State by the legislature
thereof; but the Congress may, at any time, by law,
make or alter such regulations, except as to the
places of choosing senators."
Why, (said Mr. N.,) the framers of the constitu-
tion were cautious and sagacious men—men who
provided every means which human foresight could
have devised, that the proposed government should
not fail to be put in operation, and, when once set
in operation, that it should be perpetuated. Though
the implied power m the several States to make the
necessary regulations for holding the elections \v&$
