124
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
reference of this subject to a select committee; euid
he contended that the standing committee was the
only appropriate one. He complained that the
reference in the President's message to Western
rivers was local and partial; and he hoped it was
accidental, though they had been told that all the
rivers on the continent were western rivers, inas-
much as this was the western continent.
If this were so, they must regard the President
as-recommending the improvement of all rivers, in-
cluding not only the Mississippi and Ohio, but the
Hudson and the Delaware, the Red river, and, in
short, all the rivers upon this continent; he sup-
posed he might add the St. Lawrence, the Amazon,
and the La Plata. The gentleman from Virginia
had proceeded to justify the President in particular-
izing the Western rivers. In the first place, he justi-
fied the appropriation for Western rivers on
the ground of the territorial jurisdiction of the
United States; that these rivers flow past the terri-
tory of the United States, and therefore, that Con-
gress alone has the right to improve them. The
same reason, he thought, would apply to the rivers
of the North and the East. But the gentleman went
a step further, and found a justification for this rec-
ommendation of the President in the fact that these
are rivers of great national importance; while, at the
same time, he emphatically remarked, in reference
to the Hudson, that it only ran through the
State of New York. The gentleman seemed
to know very little about the Hudson river, from
the low estimate which he appeared to have formed
of its importance; but he could inform the gentleman
that the Hudson river was connected with a line of
water communication 7,000 miles in extent. The
Hudson river not of national iniportance!—a river
which waters the shores of New Jersey and of New
York, which forms apart of a water communication
extending to the Territory of Wisconsin, having
2,000 miles of foreign coast connected with it; ana
this is a river of no national importance! A river on
which float some 3,300 vessels, conveying upwards
of 150,000 tons, and which sends out whalers to
the most distant pars of the globe.
There was another thing worthy of notice; the
whole distance required to Be improved, in order to
facilitate its navigation, probably did not exeeed
three hundred yards. Gentlemen must keep in view
the extended line of water communication, of which
this river formed an important part. Upon
the lakes with which it was connected, a hundred
and ten steamboats, of a tonnage of 31,000 and up-
wards, were constantly employed. There was more
produce, beyond all possible comparison, conveyed
upon that river, than there was in the eight hundred
flatboats of the Mississippi. He was not disposed
to institute a comparison between the Mississippi
and the Hudson for any other purpose than to set
gentlemen right, and to place a correct view of the
subject before the House; hisonly object was to show
the vast amount of commerce which was conveyed
upon that river. A large sum of money was here
demanded for the improvement ot the Western wa-
ters—the estimate was eight millions—and he had no
doubt that more than that sum would be required,
because a recent report on this subject informed
them that this appropriation must be perpetual, from
the nature of the work required to be done. [Here
Mr. B. read a portion of the report to which he had
refeired.J This was the prospect before them; and,
with this prospect, he would go in favor of
the improvement; and if he could be satisfied
to-day, that, with the appropriation, they could get
rid of all the obstacles in two years, he would be
willing to vote in favor of giving them fifteen mil-
lions, and borrow the money for that purpose. But
he entreated gentlemen, while they were making pro-
vision for the improvement of the Western waters
not to lose sight of equally important objects in
other sections of the Union. It was said that the
West had been neglected. He would not now go
ever that subject, which had been so ably discussed
on a former day; but in regard to the question of
improvement, what had been done in behalf of the
Hudson?—a river that was justly entitled to be
brought into comparison with the Mississippi itself.
Ho had do disposition to press the subject, but he beg-
ged leave respectfully to suggest it to gentlemen who
c/nie fresh and new into that House from the West,
bringing with them all the partialities for their own
section—all those magnificent ideas commensurate
wnii the great rivers of the West themselves—he
beggea leave to suggest to them that they were not
pursuing the right course, even for their own inter-
<>,-1 It w as suggested that there should be, not only
a select committee, composed of Western men, to
take care of Western interests, but that a new bu-
reau should be formed at Washington for a similar
purpose. There was already a bureau for the charge
of internal improvements—he meant that of topo-
graphical engineers—consisting of a corps of thirty-
six officers, all well instructed, and well employed,
and as much employed upon the improvement of
Western waters as upon that of any other. What
were they going to do with that bureau? Would
they withdraw the superintendence of the West
from them, and create a new one? It was not their
true policy to do so. With all respect for the gen-
tlemen, he begged to say that this was not. the poli-
cy of statesmen. They must not create a bureau;
nor must they have a select committee lor the West.
He claimed himself the right to take care of the
West. He was sent there for the purpose of taking
care of Western interests; and he would not con-
sent that the subject should be taken out of his
hands. He believed that he understood something
about the interests of the West; and be believed,
also, that he felt as great an interest for them as
Western men themselves.
Mr. FICKLIN, having obtained the floor, moved
that the committee rise, which motion was agreed to;
and the committee accordingly rose, and reported
progress.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON submitted a resolution to
refer so much of the President's message as relates
to Indian Affairs to the Committee on Indian Affairs;
which was considered, and agreed to.
Mr. WILLIS GREEN offered the following res-
olution; which was read:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House do, in con-
nexion with the information concerning public print-
ing required by the resolution of this Hxmse of the
3d instant, at the same time, report to this House
the amount or amounts paid for the printing of the
returns of the last census, and to whom paid; and
also, that he report the amount of the account render-
ed for printing the compendium of the sixth census
and the amount which Congress directed to be paid
on said account.
The House then adjourned.
The following petitions were presented, under a
rule of the House, and appropriately referred:
By Mr. RATHBUN: The petition of Martha
Demenou for the payment to her of the money due
to Archibald Campbell, deceased, for services m the
army of the United States, as a common soldier
from 1792 to 1802: referred to the Committee of
Claims.
By Mr. NES: The petition of J no. Wise, aeronaut,
of Lancaster, Pennsylvania, asking Congress to make
an appropriation for the construction and outfit of
an aerostadt, of one hundred feet in diameter, made
of substantial cotton drilling, &c\, with which he
pledges himself to circumnavigate the globe, aerial-
ly, in the space ot thirty or forty days: referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
By Mr. PHCENIX: The petition of James Barr,
asking the regular payment of his pension.
Bv Mr. St. JOHN: The petition of 103 citizens
of the county of Seneca, Ohio, praying for the pas-
sage of a law for the benefit of settlers in the Ore-
gon Territory- referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories.
By Mr. ANDERSON: The petition of 200 citi-
zens of Westchester county, New York, praying
Congress to make suitable appropriation for the im-
provement of Sawpit Harbor: referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
. By Mr. CALDWELL: The petition of 135 per-
sons, praying for the establishment of a post-route
from Somerset, in Pulaski county, by way of Har-
rison, to Jamestown, in Russell county, Kentucky
referred to the Committee on the Post Office ami
Post Roads.
_ By Mr. FRICK: The petition of a number of the
inhabitants of Northumberland county, Pennsylva-
nia, praying for the establishment of a post-route
from Sunbury, in said county, via Snyderstown
and Rushville, m the same county, to Danville in
Columbia county—distance, 13 miles; mail to' be
carried on horseback, once a week: referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. LYON: A memorial, signed by 303 citi-
zens of Laporte county, in the State of Indiana,
asking an appropriation for the construction of a
harbor at the mouth of Galien river, in Berrien
county, in the State of Michigan. Also, a copy of
the resolutions adopted at a public meeting of the
citizens of New Buffalo, in Berrien county, in favor
of the same object: both referred to the Committee
on Commerce'.
By Mr. JEREMIAH BROWN: The petition
and documents of John S. Atlee, of Pennsylvania,
praying that an act may be passed directing the pay-
ment of a balance which appears on the treasury
books to have been due to his father, as deputy com-
missary of provisions in the revolutionary war.
By Mr. FISH: The petition of K. Havens & Soil,
and others, in relation to a drawback on spirits dis-
tilled from foreign molasses.
By Mr. BROWN of Indiana: Petition of Wil-
liam Smith, of Marion county, praying a grant
of land and other remuneration for the services
of Thomas Smith, his father, who died in the ser-
vice during the last war: referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions.
By Mr. McDOWELL: Sundry petitions from
citizens of Ohio, praying for the establishment
of a mail route from Ripley to Circleville, Ohio:
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
House of Representatives,
January 9, 1844.
Sir: In my remarks of yesterday, you represent
me as replying many things to Mr. Stephens: which
were said in reply to Mr. Barnard of New York.
The question had been asked by the latter gentle-
man why this bill had not been passed during the
administration of General Jackson or Mr. Van Bu-
ren? It was to his interrogatory that I asked the
question, Whether he or his friends would have
ever voted for it'—whether the old Federal party
would have voted for, &c.
Please say in the morning that my reply was to
Mr. Barnard, and not to Mr. Stephens.
A. V. BROWN.
Reporter of the Globe.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 10, 1844.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Senate
a report from the State Department, showing the
manner of the disbursement of the contingent fund
for that department; which was, on motion of Mr.
HUNTINGTON, laid on the table.
Mr. HANNEGAN presented a petition, numer-
ously signed, praying for a grant of land to the
State of Indiana, to assist in the completion of the
Wabash and Erie Canal to the Ohio river: referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. FOSTER, leave was granted
to withdraw from the files the papers of Hugh Wal-
lace Wormley. He also gave notice that he would,
on to-morrow, ask leave to introduce a bill for the
relief of said Wormley.
Mr. MERRICK introduced to the Senate his col-
league, the Hon. James A. Pearce, Senator elect
from the State of Maryland, for six years from the
4th of March last, He was qualified.
Mr. BREESE presented documents in relation to
the petition of John Atchison, praying to be relieved
from the payment of a certain judgment; which
were referred to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, from the Committee on
rublic Lands, reported back, without amendment,
and with a recommendation that it do pass, the bill
to confirm the survey and location of claims for
land in the State of Mississippi east of the Pearl
nver, and south of the 31st degree of north latitude.
I he report accompanying it was ordered to bs
printed.
Also reported back, without amendment, and with
- recommendation that it do pass, the bill to apply
certain alternate sections of public domain to the
completion of works of internal improvement in the
state of Michigan. The report accompanying was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BARROW, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill, entitled, An act to authorize
the survey of the mouth of Red river, and for other
purposes; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
i Mr. FAIRFIELD, from the Committee 011 print-
ing, reported in favor of the printing of certain re-
ports from the Treasury and State Departments;
which was concurred in by the Senate.
Mr. JARjNTAGINj on leave, introduced a bill to
increase the salary of the district judge of the United
states for the district of east, middle, and the west-
ern district of Tennessee; which was read twice, and
referred to the Judiciary Committee,
