CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
its
The following adverse reports of coramitees -were
taken up and concurred in, viz: The Committee on
Claims, in the case of George Patterson; and the
Committee on Pensions, in the cases of David Munn
and the widow of Josiah Gordon.
The bill entitled an Act to repeal the act entitled
an act to amend the act of the 4th of March, 1838,
entitled an act to change the time of holding the
circuit and district courts for the district of Ohio,
was read the second time, and, with the documents
upon the subject, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The bill for the relief of Isaac Ilsley came up m
order as in committee or the whole ; when
Mr. BERRIEN remarked, that since the bill was
last before the Senate, he had understood that the
claim would be adjusted at the department, under a
decision heretofore -made upon cases similar in prin-
ciple; and for the purpose of ascertaining whether
that course would be adopted, he moved to lay the
bill on the table. The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. KING, it was ordered that the
memorial of William A. Slacum, _ asking remunera-
tion for services rendered the United States in the
Pacific ocean, be taken from the files, and referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
The bill granting a certain quantity of land to aid
in the ftnprovemant of the navigation of the Fox and
• Wisconsin rivers, in the Territory ofWinconsin, and
for the purpose of connecting them by means of a
canal, came up in order, as in the committee of the
whole; but was, on motion of Mr. TALLMADGE,
postponed until the report of the committee relative
to it shall have been printed and laid on the table of
the Senate.
PEA PATCH ISLAND.
On motion of Mr. DAYTON, the bill for the set-
tlement of the title to the Pea Patch Island was taken
up for consideration, as in committee of the whole,
the question pending being the motion submitted by
Mr. Tappan, when the bill was last up, to recommit
it to the Committee on the Judiciary, with instruc-
tions so to modify it as to submit the question of title
to the United States courts for decision.
Mr. DAYTON addressed the Senate for upwards
of an Hour, giving an elaborate history of the whole
case. He adverted at large to the action taken by
the two States—Delaware and New Jersey—on the
subject, the trials had in both in relation to the
claim and title of Gale, and the various attempts
made to compromise the matter between him ana
the United States. After a very minute and clear
statement of all these particulars, Mr. D. proceeded,
at considerable length, to argue the legal and techni-
cal points involved in the question of jurisdiction
and title, and concluded by urging the passage of
the bill as reported by the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. BAYARD accounted for the controversy
relative to the title derived from the Duke of York
by William Penn, and stated that it was not till
very lately the deed of the Crown confirming that
title had been brought to light. It appeared now
that the objections taken to William t enn's title-
namely, that the Duke of York, 1682, when he
made the grant to Penn, was only a subject himselt,
and could make no such grant of territory, acquired
by conquest, for his Government, as that he had
made—was not a valid objection, inasmuch as, when
the Duke of York succeeded to the crown, and be-
came James II., he confirmed the original grant.
Delaware had always claimed jurisdiction over the
twelve miles circuit round the town of "Newcastle,
in conformity with Penn's grant. Mr. B. then gave
a minute history of the proceedings in relation
to the claims of the States of New
and Delaware, and also the claim of Mr. Gale s
representatives. He urged that, under all the cir-
cumstances, it had been judged best to acquiesce m
the arrangement made by the only parties now
really interested—the United States and the
claimants under Gale's title. He therefore advo-
cated the passage of the bill in its present form.
Mr. TAPPAN spoke in favor of his motion to
recommit the bill, with instructions to refer the ad-
justment of the whole matter to the United States
courts. , . ,
Mr. BREESE considered the question narrowed
down to this; that the State of Delaware, having
ceded all her title to the. United States, and the State
of New Jersey having granted away her title to
Gale, who had since come into an arrangement
by which his title is vested in the United States;
and one of the United States courts having pro-
nounced judgment in his favor, it remained on y
ascertain the value of the property, and pay for it.
He should vote against the bill in its present form,
but was in favor of its recommitment, with instruc-
tions to strike out all that part of it relative to the
arbitration, and appoint appraisers for ascertaining
the amount to be paid.
Mr. BAYARD informed the Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Breese] that the trial to which he alluded, and
the judgment of the court which put Gale into pos-
session, were not conclusive, as they were only on
an ejectment case. 1
The CHAIR stated that the mover of the pending
motion had sent in a modification, referring the
whole matter to the decision of the United States
courts.
Mr. BREESE made a few remarks in reply to
Mr. Bayard, not distinctly heard in the reporter's
gallery.
Mr. BENTON characterized the whole thing as
an effort to extort money from the United States, on
the mere shadow of a claim got up for speculation.
The debate was continued till past 4 o'clock by
Messrs. BENTON, CLAYTON, BAYARD, DAY-
TON, BUCHANAN, WOODBURY, BREESE,
McDUFFIE, and MILLER.
Mr. BENTON moved the indefinite postpone-
ment of the bill.
On which motion, the yeas and nays were called
for, and ordered.
The question being t aken on the indefinite post-
ponement, resulted—yeas 11, nays 31, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchmson, Bagby, Benton, Col-
quitt, Fairfield, Fulton, Haywood, Hnger, McDuffie, Tappan,
and Walker—11 .
NAYS—Messrs. Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Berrien, Breese,
Buchanan, Choate, Clayton, Crittenden. Payton, Evans,
Foster, Hannegan, Huntington, Jarnagin, King, Mangum,
Miller, Morehoad, Pearce, Phelps, Porter of Michigan, Scra-
pie. Sturgeon, Tallmadge, Upham, White, Woodbridge,
Woodbury, and Wright—31.
Mr. BREESE moved the following amendment:
To amend the instruction, so as to direct the
Committee on the Judiciary so to amend the bill
as to provide compensation to the heirs of Henry
Gale, having regard to the value of the land as it
was at the time the United States assumed possession
thereof.
Mr. McDUFFIE hoped the Senate would not
adopt the amendment. There was nothing before
the Senate to go upon in relation to the decision of
one of the courts of the United States but rumor.
There was no knowing what it was that had been
decided; but the Senate was made to assume that
the decision was against the United States and in
favor of the claimant. He was perfectly satisfied
that there was not a shadow of title for then- claim;
and should, therefore, vote against the bill.
A further discussion arose, in which Messrs.
BUCHANAN, McDUFFIE, DAYTON, BEN-
TON, and BREESE, participated.
Mr. BReese's amenderoent was then withdrawn.
Mr. BENTON moved an adjournment.
On this motion the question was taken, and deci-
ded in the negative, yeas 15, nays not counted.
The question then came up on the motion to re-
commit the bill with instructions to refer the whole
matter to the United States courts.
Mr. BENTON moved to lay the bill on the table,
or to postpone its further consideration till there was
time to inquire at the Treasury Department what
had been done in compliance with the act of Con-
gress of 1839, referring the eiaim to the decision of
the Supreme Court.
Mr. BERRIEN observed, that if the Senator
from Missouri wished for an adjournment, with a
view of obtaining information, there certainly would
be no objection to it. .
Mr. KING said it would not eftect that object
merely to lay the matter over till to-morrow.
Mr BEN'TON observed that he wanted to kiow
why the act of 1839 had not been earned into effect.
Mr. BUCHANAN said nothing had been done
al>Mr ^BENTON remarked that they could, at all
events, learn the reasons why nothing had been
done in conformity with tnat act.
The motion to adjourn was then renewed; and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 10, 1844.
The minutes of yesterday were read. _
Mr DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented the joint
resolution of the Council and House of Represent-
atives of the Territory of Wisconsin, urging upon
Congress the necessity of making appropriations
for the construction of harbors on the western "shore
of Lake Michigan, in the said Territory of Wis-
consin: it was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. C. JOHNSON asked the House to take up,
and act upon his resolution, which he submitted
some days ago, in relation to the tobacco trade.
Mr. BARSrARD suggested that there were many
resolutions which had been presented, and laid over
under the rule for one day, and he hoped ths House
would take them up, and dispose of them.'
Mr. McKAY stated that he had several reports to
make from the Committee of Ways and Means,
which he hoped the House would permit him to
present.
The House yielded the consent which the gentle-
man asked.
THE GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. McKAY then, with the consent of the
House, reported a bill making appropriations for
the current and contingent expenses of the Indian
Department, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations
with various Indian tribes, for the fiscal year, com-
mencing the 1st July, 1844, ending the 30th June,
1845.
The bill was read twice, and committed to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. McK. next reported a bill making appro-
priations for the support of the Military Academy
for the fiscal year ending the 30th day of June,
1845.
It was read twice, and committed to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union. _
Mr. McK. likewise reported a bill making ap-
propriations for the support of the army for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1845; which was read
twice, and committed to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. McK. further reported a bill making ap-
propriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of
the Government for the fiscal year ending the 30th
day of June, 1845; which was read twice, and com-
mitted to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
GENERAL RETRENCHMENT.
Mr. McKAY then submitted a series of resolu-
tions, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on -Foreign Affairs
be instructed to inquire, and report to this House,
whether, with a view to the diminution of the public
expenditures, and without any injury to the public
service, the grade of some of the representatives of
our Government abroad may not be reduced; and
if so, what reduction of this description may, in the
opinion of the committee, be safely made. Also,
whether representatives now existing, of any char-
acter, may be safely dispensed with at any and what
place now so represented. And, also, whether some
alteration in the law in relation to the compensation
of our diplomatic agents abroad, and especially m
relation to their outfits and allowances, may not
safely be made, which will have a tendency to check
the too frequent changes taking place in the appoint-
ments of those public officers. m . . ,
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be
instructed to inquire and report to this House
have been the expenses annually paid out of the
Treasury of the United States for the courts of
the United States within the several Territo-
ries, including the salaries to the judges, and
all other expenses growing out of the organization
and the holding of such courts for each oi the three
Territories for the last four years; also, into the ex-
pediency of restricting the jurisdiction of the federal
courts within the Territories within the limits pre-
scribed for the same courts within the States, and
for the reduction of the number of circuits and dis-
tricts, and the number of judges and marshals, and
all other officers of' those courts, to conform to the
business so limited; and further, for the establish-
ment of territorial courts with territoryjurisdiction,
to be organized and paid as the Legislative Councils
of the respective Territories way prescribe and di-
rect; and that they report by bill or otherwise.
R-soked, That the Committee on the Judicary be
instructed to make the following inquiries m relation
to the expenditures from the public treasury for die
incidental and contingent expenses of the judiciary,
ply'
' 1st. Whether the per diem compensation allowed
to district attorneys, marshals, and clerks, may not
be wholly withheld without any injury to the pnb-
