126
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lie service; and if not, whether such compensation
may not be wholly withheld in some circuits and
districts, and materially reduced in all, without such
injury.
2d. What sums are paid annually in the various
circuits and districts of the United States for rents or
otherwise, as compensation for the use of court-
houses or other buildings by the various courts of
the United States during the respective sittings or
terms; and the terms or sittings held annually,and their
average duration for the years for which the payments
for rent have been made; and whether some festric-
tions and regulations in reference to those payments,
as well to produce uniformity, as to promote econo-
my, should not be made by law.
3d. What have been the reasons for the great and
rapid increase of those expenditures within the last
few years; generally, how the moneys appropriated
for those objects have been expended; for what
services the principal payments are made; upon
what vouchers and testimonials the accounts for
those expenditures are passed at the treasury; what
reduction of expenditure may be madein this branch
of the public service with safety and propriety; and
whether any, and what, alterations should be made
in the laws regulating the accounting for those ap-
propriations.
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be
instructed to inquire—
1st. Whether the office of secretary, created by
the act of 4th July, 1836, to sign, in the name of the
President of the United States, patents for lands,
may not be abolished; and, if necessary, the duty of
signing said patents be performed by some officer in
the office of the Commissioner of the General Land
office.
2d. Whether the two keepers of the public
archives in Florida, authorized by the act of the 3d
March, 1825, may not be dispensed with, and the
said archives transferred either to the office of the
Commissioner of the General Land office, or of
some public office in the Territory aforesaid.
3d. Whether the provisions of the act of 12th
June, 1840, may not be so modified as to allow the
consolidation of two or more surveying districts
whenever the remaining surveys therein could, in
the opinion of the Secretary of the Treasury, be
completed under the surveyor general of one of them;
and also, of allowing the discontinuance of said
offices whenever the expenses exceed twenty per
cent, of di<'' annual amount of sales, and annexing
the lands unsold to some other offices; and
4th. Whether, in consequence of the diminished
sales of the public lands and other causes, the num-
ber of clerks and other officers attached to the offices
of the Commissioner of the General Land Office may
not be greatly reduced.
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Build-
ings be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
authorizing the collection of reasonable tolls from
travellers o\ er the Potomac bridge, for the purpose
of providing for the necessary repairs and main-
tenance of said bridge, including the compensation
of diawkeepers and other attendants; that said com-
mittee also inquire into the management of the pen-
itentiary of this District, and the causes why it has
not heretofore supported itself, and whether any
changes in the laws provided for its government are
necessary to insure greater economy in its admin-
istration, consistently with the object for which it
was established.
Resolved, That the Committee on "Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the causes of the recent
increase in the number of desertions and discharges
of American seamen m foreign countries; whether
the laws passed for their relief have been executed
or not; and especially whether the aet of the 28th
February, 1803, which requires the payment
of three months' extra wages in certain cases,
has been complied with; and, if not, then to
inquire into the expediency of imposing a pen-
alty on the master of the vessel for his refusal
or neglect to pay said wages to the consul; and also
of imposing a penalty on the consul for his refusal
or neglect to account for the same, or of requiring
said wages to be paid in the first instance to col-
lectors, and by them accounted for to the treasury, to
constitute a fund for the relief and protection of
American seamen.
Resolved, further, That said committee inquire
into the expediency of amending the act of 1790, so
that the forfeiture of a seaman's wages and effects
for desertion shall accrue to the United States, and
not to the owner of the vessel, to be applied in aid
of the fund aforementioned.
Mr. BIDLACK wished'to submit an amendment,
if it were in order to do so. He wished to order a
resolution of inquiry, calling upon the Judiciary
Committee for certain information. It was a reso-
lution which he had had by him some time; but he
intimated that he had no intention to embarrass the
resolutions of the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. McKay.]
The Clerk read the resolution for information.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON objected to the resolu-
tion, on the ground that it referred to a different sub-
ject; and could not, therefore, form part of the reso-
lution of the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
McKay.]
Mr. BIDLACK withdrew his amendment, and
said he would offer it at some other time, when he
should get an opportunity to do so.
The resolutions of the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means were then agreed to.
CONGRESSIONAL PRINTING.
Mr. WILLIS GREEN called up his resolution
which was pending last night when the House ad-
journed. It was as follows:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House do, in con-
nexion with the information concerning public print-
ing required by the resolution of this House of the
3d instant, at the same time report to this House
the amount or amounts paid for the printing of the
returns of the last census, and to whom paid; and,
also, that he report the amount of the account ren-.
dered for printing the compendium of the sixth cen-
sus, and the amount which Congress directed to be
paid on said account.
After a conversation, in which Mr. C. JOHN-
SON, Mr. RATHBUN, and Mr. GREEN took
part, the resolution was agreed to.
COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.
Mr. RATHBUN gave notice of his intention
hereafter to ask leave to introduce a bill in relation
to the circuit and district courts of New York.
Mr. BARNARD moved a suspension of the rules
for the purpose of talcing up the resolutions now
lying on the table.
The SPEAKER put the question, and there were
75 in the affirmative and 31 in the negative; being
less than a quorum.
Tellers were demanded, and Mr. Cave Johnson
and Mr. McIlvaine were appointed. They took
the vote, and reported 96 in the affirmative and 39 m
in the negative.
The rules were therefore suspended.
The following resolution, offered by Mr. Reding,
on a former day, was taken up and agreed to, with
the modification of 5,000 instead of 3,000:
Resolved, That 3,000 copies of the letter of the
Secretary of the Treasury, containing the estimates
of appropriations for the year ending June 30,
1843, be printed for the use of the members of this
House.
The following resolutions were agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to transmit to this House a copy of the report of
Captain Hughes, of the corps of topographical engi-
neers, of the examination and survey made during
the last season, of the Hudson river, above and be-
low Albany, with reference to the navigation, and
of the public works connected with the improvement
thereof.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to inform this House of the amount of ex-
penditure which has been settled on the certificates
only of the President of the United States, since the
4th March, 1839, and the year in which said ex-
penditure was made.
The following resolution, heretofore offered by
Mr. G. Dahs, was taken up:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to inform this House whether or not
Jesse Hoyt, late collector of the port of New York,
has or has not violated the second section of the
act of Congress, entitled "An act to repeal an act to
provide for the collection, safekeeping, transfer,
and disbursement of the public revenue; and to pro-
vide for the punishment and embezzlers of the pub-
lic money, and for other purposes."
Mr. WELLER moved that it be laid upon the
table.
Upon this motion Mr. G. DAVIS demanded the
yeas and nays; which were ordered, and being ta-
ken , resulted as follows—yeas 35, nays 135.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
Mr. BELSER requested the gentleman who of-
fered the resolution to modify it, so as not to ask for
the opinion of the President, but for the facts. He
did not believe that the House had any right to ask
for the President's opinions. ,
Mr. G. DAVIS said that the resolution did not
ask for the opinions of the Executive.
The question was then put on seconding the pre-
vious question, and rejected—yeas 40, nays 73.
Mr. HAMLIN made some remark not heard by
the reporter; when
The SPEAKER said that, if debate arose, the re-
solution must lie over.
Mr. HAMLIN said he did not know that any
gentleman could state the fact that he wished to de-
bate the question when he had the floor.
Mr. HARALSON hoped that the mover of the
resolution would withdraw the motion for the pre-
vious question. The resolution was certainly very
objectionable in its present shape. It called for the
opinion of the President as to the violation of a cer-
tain law. He preferred having the facts communi-
cated by the President, and he hoped the resolution
would be so amended as to attain that object. We
could then apply the facts of the case to the law, and
draw our own conclusions as to the violation of the
law.
Mr. BELSER desired the resolution to be read
again. He was satisfied that it called on the Pres-
ident of the United States for the expression t)f his
opinions.
The resolution was accordingly read.
Mr.HAMLIN offered an amendment,adding to the
resolution the following words: "Resolved, also, that
Jesse Hoyt, late collector of the port of New York,
be requested to inform this House if, in his opinion,
President Tyler has not violated the Constitu-
tion of the United States, in sending troops into
the State of Rhode Island to control the free people
of that State," in the exercise of their sovereign
rights.
The SPEAKER said that the amendment was not
in order.
Mr. READ suggested to the mover to present his
resolution in the form in which such resolutions
were usually presented. This resolution called on
the President of the United States for the expression
of his opinion whether an officer of the Govern-
vernment had not violated the law. If the
gentleman presented his resolution in a less
objectionable form, he thought every gentleman
would vote for it. Mr. R. was continuing his re-
remarks, when
The SPEAKER interrupted him, and said that
the resolution, having given rise to debate, must go
over.
MARINE HOSPITALS.
The resolution submitted by Mr. French, di-
recting the Secretary of the Navy to communicate
to this House what progress had been made in the
purchase of a site for, and in the erection of, a ma-
rine hospital on the Ohio and Mississippi rivers,
came up, and was adopted, without a division.
LOUISVILLE CANAL.
The resolution submitted by Mr. Tibbatts, calling'
on the Secretary of the Treasury for information
relative to the imposition of tolls on the Louisville
and Portland canals, &c.; (and which were published
in the House proceeding's of the Globe at an earlier
period of the session,) came up for consideration.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON hoped the gentleman
would withdraw that part of the resolution calling
for information m relation to the new canal, as it
would involve the expense of additional surveys.
Mr. TIBBATTS replied, that it would involve no
expense, as all the necessary information was al-
ready in the department. He would, however, mod-
ify his resolution so as to provide that there should
he no additional surveys.
Mr. McKAY here objected, and said he wished
the resolution to lie over; but, upon an explanation
from Mr. T., withdrew his objection; and the reso-
lution, as modified, was agreed to.
REMOVALS FROM OFFICE.
The resolution submitted by Mr. Thomasson, in-
structing the Committee on the Judiciary to inquire
into the expediency of providing, by law, in all cases
of removal from office, that it shall be the duty of the
head of the department in which the removal shall
be made, or the officer making such removal, to as-
sign the reasons for such removal, or furnish the
charges which had caused it, was next taken up and
coi sidered; but objections being made, it was laid
over.
The next resolution taken up was the following,
offered by Mr. Boyd:
