140
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1844.
28th Gong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. JVorris.
H. of Reps.
providing for an enumeration of the people, it was
declared that, "until such enumeration shall be
made, the State of New Hampshire shall be entitled
to choose three" representatives. The people of the
State, then, here means the body politic, or State
itself, in its sovereign capacity.
Here then (said Mr. N.) was the right clearly
vested in the people of State, collectively, ass. political
body, to choose representatives to this House every
second year. Now, he would ask, was it within
the jurisdiction of Congress, under the permissive
power to regulate the manner of holding elections, to
abridge, enlarge, or modify that right5
The people of the State of New Hampshire had
a right to elect every second year four members to
this House. It was no right conferred by Congress.;
it was a constitutional right. Every qualified elec-
tor of that State had the right to vote for four per-
sons to represent the people of that State in this
House. But it was contended that Congress had
authority to make partition of that right—to divide
the State into four districts, and to prescribe that
each elector in the State should vote for only one,
instead of four representatives. But this would
abridge and alter both the right and qualification of
the voter. This cannot be done. Mr. Justice Story,
in speaking of the powers of Congress under the
fourth section, says:
"There is no pretence tu say that the power in the national
govern-, eiit can be used so as to exclude any State fiom ila
share of representation iu Congress; nor ran n be said, with
correctness,that Congress can, in any way,altertherigkls or
qualifications of the voters."
Again: How would the exercise of the power in
question by Congress agree with the constitutional
provision, as to the qualifications of the members of
this House? Would it not, in fact, substantially
amend the constitution by circumscribing the most
important of all privileges—the privilege of electing
the most worthy wherever they might reside with-
in the State, regardless of subdivisions?
The second clause of the second section of the first
articles of the constitution, declare that,
"No person shall be a representative who sh.il] not have at-
tamed to the age of twenty five yeais, ami he n seven years a
citizen <*f the Hinted Siaus, and who shall not, when elected,
bean inhabitant of that State in which ne shall be clmsefi "
Now, that inhabitancy, within a particular dis-
trict of a State, cannot be prescribed either by the
State legislature or Congress, as a requisite qualifi-
cation of a member to tins House, is clear. Upon
this point Mr. Justice Story says:
'iw teaard to the power oi a Mate to piesci ibr the qualifica-
tion of inhabitancy, or tesidence inn disfiirt, as an addi-
tional qualification, there is this forcible reason for denying it
—thatu is undertaking to net upon the vr.j y qualification
pi hsd ibed by the constitution, a* to wh.ibnaijcy in the state,
and abiidging im operation. It \$pieci*dy the same exercise
of power on trie pan of the States, as if they should prtscribe
that a representative should be fojty yeais o) age, and a citizen
for ten years. In each case, the veiy qualification fixed by ihe
constitution is completely evaded, and indntctly abol shed."—
SCom.frol.2 p. 103.
Mr. N. said he took it to be clearly established,
(and he had not heard it denied upon the other side
of the House,) that the qualifications or rights of the
elected could not be modified or altered m any par-
ticular. Were -not the rights of the voter, then,
• equally as sacrcd—equally beyond the roach of le-
gislative control? Were not the rights and qualifica-
tions of the voters coextensive with those of the
elected? He would like to have gentlemen explain
the distinction, if any existed.
But it may be said that, although Congress did
not possess the power to prescribe that the member
elected should be an inhabitant of the district by
which he should be chosen, yet that was no argu-
me t against the power to district. But did the
framers of the constitution, or the conventions which
ratified and adopted it, intend to give Congress the
power, for the purpose of producing "uniformity"
m the manner of holding elections, to introduce the
English system of electing here, by giving to a
single district in New York city the right to electa
member in Buffalo, and a district in Philadelphia
a right to choose a member residing at Pittsburg?
Again: upon an enumeration of the people, which
was to be made every ten years, it became the con-
stitutional duty of Congress to make a new appor-
tionment of representatives. But how was that to
be made? Why, according to the provisions of the
constitution, and not otherwise They were strictly
limited m the exercise of this power by the consti-
tution. But it was (said Mr. N.) now contended—
and for the first time, he believed, during the history
of this government—that Congress had the legiti-
mate right, by virtue of this fourth section, which
permits them to regulate the manner of kolding the
elections, to interfere with and enlarge a power most
clearly defined and limited by the constitution itself.
The third clause of the second section of that instru-
ment, declared that "representatives and direct taxes
shall be apportioned among the several States, which
may be included within this Union, according to
their respective numbers." Here the constitution
had expressly defined and limited the districts among
which Congress should apportion the representa-
tives and direct taxes. Ana what were these dis-
tricts? Why, they were no other than "the several
States which might be included within this Union.
No where, in the constitution, is a district of any
less extent hinted at; and when Congress, by virtue
of the constitutional provision, hod made such ap-
portionment, their power to act upon the subject was
completely executed, and their right to act further
in the matter was stopped by the constitutional
limitation. They could not rightfully go beyond it.
If Congress had the right to exercise the extraor-
dinary power ein question, then it had not only the
express constitutional right to apportion representa-
tives among the several States, but it had the further
startling and implied right to enter upon the districts
expressly defined and limited by the constitution,
and cut up the States into subdivisions, and to make
a subapportionment among these according to their
sovereign will and pleasure. The exercise of such a
right of districting on the part of Congress involved
the alarming and most extraordinary power of ap-
portioning representatives among the different coun-
ties, or toicns, or districts^ or parishes in a State.
Mr. N. said he might follow up the train of argu-
ment pursued by his honorable friend from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Jones,] on yesterday, to show the ab-
surdities to which th e full exercise of the power
claimed for Congress under this fourth section would
lead. Congress had precisely the same power to
regulate the times and manner of holding the elec-
tions of senators as they had to regulate the times
and manner of electing representees. The election
of the former was vested m the legislature of each
State; the choice of the latter was vested in the peo-
ple of the several States. The legislature of New
Hampshire had the right, under the constitution, to
choose two senators; the people of that State had
the constitutional right to elect four representatives.
The legislature was composed of individual mem-
bers; so was the people. Now, if Congress, under
the power to regulate the manner of holding elec-
tions of representatives, by virtue of the fourth sec-
tion, can divide the territory of that State and the
people for the choice of representatives, then most
clearly they might divide her territory and her legis-
lature into two districts for the choice of senators,
and prescribe that the members of the legislature
from one of these districts should choose one of the
senators, and the members from the other district the
other senator. Why, (said Mr. N.) if Congress
should attempt to prescribe the manner of holding
the election of senators in this way, every man in
the nation would at once pronounce it an unconsti-
tutional absurdity. Well might the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Barnard,] and the forty-nine others
rank and file, cuter their "formal and solemn protest
against such a proceeding," as ^lawless and subver-
sive of the constitution." He would now dismiss
this branch of the subject with a single remark. He
said he desired not to be misunderstood. He ad-
mitted that the people of a State—the very sov-
ereignty which had appropriated and retained, to it-
self," m the formation of this government, the consti-
tutional right of electing the members to this House—
might, by agreement, elect by districts; the whole
agreeing to ratify and confhm the action of the re-
spective parts. But he denied that any power what-
ever was vested in Congress to make partition of the
action and rights of that sovereignty in this matter,
against its will.
He would now ask the indulgence of the House to
a few remarks in reply to what had fallen from two or
three gentlemen on the opposite side of the House.
It had been said here that the position taken by the
gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Collamer,] the
other day, was unanswerable. But (Mr. N. said)
he was apprehensive that this unqualified assent to
the position assumed by that gentleman grew out of
a lack of a proper investigation of the proof—a con-
sequence natural enough, considering the high
source from which it emanated. For that gentle-
man had taken occasion to inform the House that
he had been clad with the judicial ermine of his
State for quite a number of years—a fact which he
(Mr. N.) thought would hardly be a legitimate in-
ference from the legal acumen exhibited in the hon-
orable gentleman's argument. He (Mr. N.) had
not discussed the question whether the law under
consideration was mandatory upon the States or not.
He would not now argue it, for it had been most
ably done by others. It was enough for his pur-
pose that the legislatures of certain States had not
obeyed it. But he felt bound, however, to attempt
to answer the "unanswerable argument" of the gen-
tleman from Vermont. If he had correctly under-
stood that gentleman, he had taken the bold posi-
tion that Congress had a right to pass a law com-
manding the State legislatures to legislate in a par-
ticular manner, and that the latter were bound to
obey such mandate; and, therefore, they were bound
to obey this act. To sustain this position, that gen-
tleman had introduced the law of Congress making
provision for organizing, arming, and disciplining
tire militia, as a'parallel case. The gentleman told
the House that act was'mandatory upon the States
leaving this House and the country to infer that the
law of Congress, in relation to the militia, had been
regarded by the States as mandutoiy and binding
upon the States, and that it had been obeyed by
them accordingly. Now it so happened that the
history of that same mandatory militia law, and
the manner in which it had been regarded by the
States, instead of sustaining the gentleman's posi-
tion—that Congress had power to command the
States—completely overthrew that position. He
said he would tell that gentleman and others here
who had rung so many changes upon the learned
gentleman's argument—though he did it at the haz-
ard of having the terrific sound of nullification again
rung through this hall—that New Hampshire had
never obeyed this mandatory militia law. Her
militia laws differ from it in many particulars.
This was also true in regard to vh*uj others; if not all, the
States. And in some of the States r o military organization
was kept up all What did all thispiove? Why, it proved
that the act of Congiess m relation t« the organization of the
militia, was merely lecummendatory to the States. The States
havesp treated it; atid yet the House and the country had been
told by the gentleman irom Vermont that the imlnia law was
a law mandaioiy upon the States, which they weie bound to
obey, and did obey. The power of organizing, arming, and
disciplining the militia, was wholly vested in Congress by the
constitution. The States have nothing to do wnhu unless they
think proper to do ?o by p-e pei mission of Congress.
One word in reference to what had fallen from the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Hunt.] That gentleman had
thought proper, in the course o( his remarks on yesterday, to
say, th.it the course puisued by New Hampshire, Georgia,
Mississippi, arid Missoun, m not complying with the district-
ing act, was disi espectful towards the other State.5? of the
Union. If lie were permitted upon tills floor to use an argu-
ment ad homivem, he would apply it io that gentleman JJow
did the gentleman's own State stand in regaui to this act of
Congress.? What respect had iha* gentleman manifested to-
wards the le^islntuie of hit. own State, npiesentir'g, as that
legislature did, two and a half millions of freemen1* The hon-
orable gentleman would, undoubtedly, be able to answer this
question, when he compared his own course upon the question
now before the House, with the following i csoluaons passed by
the last legislature of the State of New Yoik, in relation to the
vahdity of the law now undei consideration.
1. "Resolved, That, in the opinion of this legislature, the in-
terference o( Congress in a waiter pecuhai ly of State concern,
under no circumstances of public necessity, j«s tn justifiable, a
violation of the spirit of ihe provision of the cor.sinution under
which the nght ol interference is asseited, and at variance with
the intention ol its framers.
2 "Resolved, That, m the opinion of tins legislature, the act
afoies.ud is the fruit of an .nburaty and dangerous exercise
power in Congress, and an invasion wl the rg'usot ihe States,
each of which ought to be left, m its own independent jurlgmHr.r,
to prescnbe such regulations tor the choice of its repiesenta-
tms, as may be declared by the wishes and convenience of us
wn citizens,
3. "Res.dted, That in the opinion of this lesisUiu-e, the in-
terfeienceof Congress with the choue of lepiesentatives in
the different States, without being justified by any of the cir-
cumstances against which the ptov isjom of the constitution au-
thorizing its interposition was particularly de^aned to guard,
can only be viewed as the evidence of an a'aimmg disposition
in the federal legislature to encroach upon the just lights of
the State.
4. uResolved, That our senators in Consrre?s he instructed,
and our representatives requested, to use" thetr l.-floence to
procure a i epeal of the said act,
5 "Resolved, That the Secretary of State be directed to
transmit a certified copy of these resolutions to each oi the
senators and representatives in Congress from this State."
Now, he would submit, whether that gentleman, occupying
the position which he did in relation to the legislature ol his
ownrttate., was quiterespectful himself, in giving, from his
place here, a lecture on etiquette to the people of four of the
sovereign States of tins Union.
Mr. N. said the House had been frequently enfprtamed, du-
ring thisdiscussion, by the staunch democrats on the oihei side
of this hall, with lectures upon democrat y. It had been said,
and repeated by almost every gentleman w:'o had addies«ed
the House upon the other side of this question, that the district
system of electing representatives was the most democratic, be-
cause minorities would than be represented. He said he had
but barely time to make a single practical illustration of the
beauties of such democracy, and the power of such minority
..representation. The great State of Pennsylvania, at hsr ia<-t
election for members to this House,gave an agzregate demo-
cratic majority of fifteen thousand votes; yet there was a fed-
eral majority m her representation on this floor. Although the
