CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval affairs be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of construct-
ing a naval depot upon the Mississippi or Ohio river,
in accordance with a recommendation contained in
the report of the Secretary of War, bearing date
December 5th, 1840.
No objection being made, this resolution was
agreed to.
TOBACCO TRADE.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr. Cave
Johnson, next came up; and no objection being
made, was agreed to:
Resolved, That the President oftheUnited States be
requested to lay before the House any communica-
tions that he may have received (if, in his opinion, it
be not incompatible with the public interests) from
our ministers or agents in other countries, in relation
to the growth, production, and trade, in the article
of tobacco, which has not been heretofore communi-
cated to the House.
LIABILITIES OP THE GOVERNMENT.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Dickinson, came up for consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report to this House the liabilities that
existed against the treasury on the 1st of March,
1841; and a statement of the items that have been
paid, and those which remain unpaid. Also, that
he furnish a statement of the revenue, received from
the sales of the public lands, and from the customs
and other sources, in each quarter, from the 1st of
March, 1841, to the present time.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON said that he had an
amendment that he wished to offer, so as to bring
out all the facts; and asked his colleague to accept it
as a modification of his resolution. It was to in-
struct the Secretary to add the liabilities not only
existing on 4th March, 1841, but on the 4th of
March, 1843, so as to compare the last year of Mr.
Van Buren's administration with the expenditures
of 1843.
Mr. DICKINSON declining to modify his reso-
lution—
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON submitted his amend-
ment to it; when
Mr. McKAY objected to the adoption of the
resolution; and it was passed over.
REORGANIZATION OF THE MILITIA.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Moore, \\ as next taken up, and, no objection being
made, was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to lay before this House, at his earliest convenience,
any plan or recommendations he may think expe-
dient and proper in relation to the reorganization and
discipline of the militia.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr. Sli-
eell, was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
cause to be laid before the House a statement, show-
ing the value of manufactures of wool, cotton, silk,
flax, iron, glass, paper, hemp, cordage, and the
quantity of sugar, molasses, tea, coffee, and salt,
imported annually, after deducting the re-exporta-
tions entitled to drawback; the rate of duty arte]
amount of duty, deduction being made for draw-
back, which accrued annually on each respectively,
from 1800 to 1811, from 1812 to 1815, from 1816 to
1824, from 1825 to 1828, tVom 1829 to 1832, and
from 1833 to 1842, inclusive. 2d. A statement
showing the value of imports, and the amount of
duties which accrued thereon, after deducting
drawbacks, annually from 1800 to 1842, inclusive.
3d. A statement showing the quantity of refined
sugar imported, the rate of drawback, and the
amount of such drawback, annually, during the
same period.
Various other resolutions were read, objected to,
and laid aside.
LEAD MINES ON THE UPPER. MISSISSIPPI.
The next resolution taken up and agreed to was
the following; which had been presented by Mr.
Hoge:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be request-
ed to communicate to this House, at as early a day
as practicable— .
1st. The amount of lead collected and received
by the Government as rent, from the establishment
of its agency at the lead mines of the upper Mis-
sissippi, down to the year 1835; and the number of
salaries or compensation respectively paid to
of the officers or other persons employed at the
said agency, and engaged in the collection and safe-
keeping of said rent lead; and all other contingent
expenses of said agency during the period aforesaid.
2d. The amount of rent lead received by the
Government from the year 1835 to the present time,
particularly distinguishing" the amounts received
since the appointment of the present superintendent
of the lead mines; also, the number and names of
the persons at present in the employment of the
Government as agents, clerks, surveyors, or other-
wise, at the said superintendency; and the respect-
ive salaries or compensation paid to each; and other
contingent expenses growing out of said agency,
and the fund out of which the same are discharged.
3d. The number of leases granted by the present
superintendent since his appointment to office, and
the quantity of land contained in each; also, the
number, as nearly as may be ascertained from infor-
mation in the possession of the department, of per-
sons engaged in mining and farming upon the re-
served lands of the Government on the Upper Mis-
sissippi; also, the instructions of the department to
the present superintendent, and copies of any cor-
respondence between the said superintendent and
the department upon the subject of the mineral
lands of the Government; and any other information
in the possession of the department in relation to the
same.
CORRESPONDENCE RELATIVE TO THE ORE-
GON TERRITORY.
Mr. Wentworth's resolution was taken up and
agreed to, as follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to this House, if in
his opinion not inconsistent with the public inter-
ests, copies of all correspondence with any foreign
Government relative to the occupancy, title, discove-
ry, and boundaries of Oregon Territory.
"UNSOLD LAND, AND IMPROVEMENT OP THE
WABASH.
Mr. Picklin's resolution, calling upon the Secre-
tary of the Treasury for information relative to the
unsold land in sundry land districts, and improve-
ment of the Wabash, was taken up and agreed to,
as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested, at his earliest convenience, to lay before
the House a report of the number of acres of unsold
land in the Palestine, Vincennes, and Shawneetown
land districts; and also the length of time any por-
tion of said lands has been in market in each dis-
trict. And, also, that he lay before the House a re-
port of the number of acres of unsold lands lying m
the Kaskaskia and Vandalia land districts, on the
Kaskaskia river; and that, he state the length of
time that land has been offered for sale in each of
said land districts. And, also, that he give such in-
formation as he may have relative to the suscepti-
bility of the improvement of the great Wabash
river, from Terre Haute (the termination of the
Wabash and Erie Canal) to its junction with the
Ohio river.
FURNACES OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTA-
TIVES.
Mr. Belser's resolution relative to the fur-
naces under the hall of the House of Representa-
tives, was referred to an appropriate standing com-
mittee.
MEXICAN CLAIMS.
Mr. Houston's resolution, calling on the Presi-
dent of the United States for information relative to
claims on Mexico, was taken up and agreed to, as
follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to the House, so far
as in his judgment the same may be done without
preiudice'to the public interest, any information m
his possession relative to the claims of the citizens
of the United States upon the Republic of Mexico;
copies of such correspondence as may have been
had in reference to the same; and his views in ie-
gard to the adjustment and liquidation of said
claims.
ST. LOUIS HARBOR.
Mr. Bowlin's resolution, calling on the Secretary
of War for the report of the engineer of St. Louis
harbor, was agreed to, as follows: ,
1. Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and
he is hereby, requested to cause to be laid before the
House the'late report of the engineer employed m
the survey of the St. Louis harbor,, at his earliest
convenience,- together With his estimates of the pos-
sible amount necessary for its permanent improve-
ment.
2. Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and
he is hereby, requested to cause to belaid before this
House the amount of the separate estimates for the
improvement, first, of the Ohio river below the falls;
secondly, for the improvement of the Mississippi riv-
er; thirdly, for the improvement of the Arkansas
river; fourthly, for the improvement of the Missouri
river: separating the general estimates for these ob-
jects so as to inform the House, of the particular es-
timates of each.
FLORIDA INDIANS.
Mr. Levy's resolution, Galling upon the Presi-
dent of the United States to inform the House under
what arrangements the Florida Indians are permit-
ted to remain in Florida, and whether trading-houses
have been established, was taken up and adopted,
as follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to inform the House under what ar-
rangements the Indians at present in Florida remain
there; whether any, and what, steps are in progress
for their removal under the treaty of Payne's Land-
ing; whether any trading-houses have been estab-
lished, or are contemplated to be established, for
their use; whether any compensation is paid to any
one as Indian agent or commissioner in Florida;
whether any annuity or presents have been allowed
to any of the Indians now in Florida; and what part
of the public domain in Florida has been surrender-
ed to the exclusive occupation of said Indians, the
area and boundaries thereof; and whether said occu-
pation is unconditional, or for a definite period, and
upon stipulated terms.
I'UCLIC LANDS IN FLORIDA.
Mr. Levy's resolutions on this subject were
adopted, as follows.
Resolved, That the Commissioner of the General
Land Office be required to report to this House
what cancellations of permits, issued under the act
for the occupation of the Florida peninsula, have
been ordered by him, the dates and other particu-
lars of said permits, and the grounds upon which
they were cancelled.
Resolved, further, That the Commissioner of the
General Land Office be required to report to this
House what reservations of public lands in Florida
have been made, and the dates at which the land
officers of the appropriate districts were officially
informed of said reservation
MRS. MADISON'S SEAT ON THE FLOOR.
The following letter was received from Mrs. Mad-
ison, and read to the House:
Washington, Jan. 9, 1844.
Permit me to thank you, gentlemen, as the com-
mittee on the part of the House of Representatives,
for the great gratification you have this day confer-
red upon me, by the delivery of the favor from that
honorable body allowing me a seat within its hall.
I shall be ever proud to recollect it, as a token of
their remembrance, collectively and individually, of
one who has gone before us.
D. P. MADISON.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The following communications, received from the
Executive Departments, were read, referred to ap-
propriate committees, and ordered to be printed:
A letter from the Secretary of the Treasuiy,
transmitting the report of the Fifth Auditor of the
Treasury: referred to the Committee on Commerce.
A letter from the Secretary of State, transmitting
to Congress statements in obedience to the 20th sec-
tion of the act "legalizing and making appropriations
for such necessary objects as have been usually in-
cluded in the general appropriation bills, without
authority of law, and to fix and provide for certain
incidental expenses of the departments and offices
of Government, and for other purposes.';
A letter from the President of the United States,
transmitting a letter from the Secretary of State, and
a correspondence between that officer and the minis-
ter from Portugal: referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
A letter from the Secretary of the Navy, trans-
mitting abstracts of all offers made (those rejected
and those accepted) to that department and its sev-
eral bureaus, for articles coming under their cogni-
zance.
