128
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. BIDLACK offered the following resolution;
which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judici-
ary be directed to inquire into the expediency of
making provision by law for the payment of such
commissioners as hare been or may be appointed by
■virtue of the act of 19th March, 1842, amendatory of
the acts establishing the judiciary courts of the Uni-
ted States.
The SPEAKER announced that the business now
in order was the consideration of the motion to re-
commit the report" of the Select Committee on the
Rules.
Mr. PARMENTER moved to suspend the rules,
for the purpose of receiving reports from standing,
committees, such as would not give rise to debate.
A division being called for, 51 votes were given
in the affirmative; which, being less than two-thirds,
the rules were not suspended.
THE REPORT ON RULES
"Was then up for consideration, Mr. A. V. Brown
being entitled to the floor; he yielded, however, to
Mr. CLINTON, who moved that the considera-
tion of this subject be postponed until Tuesday
week.
Mr. "WINTHROP moved to amend the proposi-
tion to postpone, so as to maie this subject the
order of the day for that and every succeeding day
until the same was disposed of.
Mr. A. V. BROWN inquired whether it was in
order for the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Winthrop] to submit his amendment at this time,
as he had yielded the floor only for the specific
motion of the gentleman from New York.
The CHAIR decided that the amendment "was in
order; but added that it would require a vote of two-
thirds.
Mr. WINTHROP said, according to'liis under-
standing of parliamentary practice, a majority was
sufficient to carry the amendment; and when that
was done, it would require two-thirds to adopt the
resolution as amended.
The SPEAKER said it was considered by the
Chair that the question of postponement would be
the first question, and then the gentleman's proposi-
tion to make it a special order would follow, and
would require a vote of two-thirds for its adoption.
Mr. BIDLACK proposed, in order to relieve the
House from this difficulty, a division of the ques-
tion; and upon this motion—
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON demanded the previous
question.
Mr. ADAMS desired the gentleman from Ten-
nessee to withdraw his call for the previous question
for a moment, to allow him an opportunity to say a
few words. A very large majority of that House
had decided that they would not lay the subject upon
the table; that vote'he regarded as an expression of
the determination of the House not to dispose of
the report in that way, and yet it seemed to him that
the motion now made amounted to nothing more
than an indirect method of arriving at the same re-
sult. He hoped, therefore, the House would refuse
to postpone the consideration of this report any
longer; it was a question which was at all times of
importance to this House. That a bare majority
was sufficient to postpone, and yet that it required
two-thirds to make it a special order, appeared to
him a most extraordinary decision.
Mr. REDING said he believed the previous ques-
tion had been called; and that it was out of or-
der, therefpre, for the gentleman to debate the ques-
tion.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON withdrew his call for the
previous question; and
Mr. CLINTON then withdrew his motion to
postpone.
Mr. C. J- INGERSOLL was proceeding to nd
dress some observations to the Chair, when he was
informed by the Speaker that the motion was with-
drawn.
Mr. INGERSOLL said he desired to inquire of
the gentleman from Massachusetts whether, if the
report should be recommitted, the committee would
be prepared within a short time to report again?
Mr. A. V. BROWN rose to a point of order.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania had risen to
ask a question of the Chair, and now he was going
on to put questions to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts; and they all knew that when the gentleman
from Massachusetts began to answer questions, it
was impossible to tell when he would stop. [A
laugh.]
Mr. A. V. BROWN ssud there were three dis-
tinct propositions now to be decided by the House.
The first one was, not to receive abolition petitions;
The second, to receive, but not to refer, report, or de-
bate upon them; the third, to receive them, and, treat-
ing them like other ordinary petitions, to refer them
to a committee, to report upon them, and to debate
them.
Mr. B. said he had always voted for the first of
these propositions; he was prepared to vote for it
now, and to vindicate and maintain that vote here,
and every where.
What objection, said he, is urged to the 21st rule—
excluding these petitions. I ask not what the ra-
ving fanatic out of this House has said, but what
honorable members here have told us in this very
debate.
They tell us this 21st rule has violated the great
constitutional right of petition. I deny it. They
tell us that it has turned these petitioners out of doors,
and driven them with scorn and contempt from these
halls. I deny it. The gentleman from New York
has said it; the gentleman from North Carolina has
said it; the gentleman from Massachusetts has said it;
others have said it. I deny it; and stand here to-day to
defy them, one and all, to defy them—to what? To
the proofs. .
Where is that proof? It lies on your table. It is
in the public records of this House. Well, what do
they tell us? Take that petition, as it was said, with
fifty thousand signatures; or take that huge roll that
adorned the table of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts last session; or take that one for the dissolution
of the Union; or that one from New York, praying to
be separated from the institutions of slavery;—take
any one or all of these eases, and let us see if we
either violated the right of petitioners, or turned
them, unheard, scornfully from our doors.
1st. The people assembled peaceably. Did we
violate that right? 2d. They petitioned for the re-
dress of real or imaginary grievances. Did we
prevent that? 3d. They sent them to their own se-
lected agents. Did we prevent thatf 4th. That
agent brought them within these halls, and present-
ed them to this House. Did we prevent that?
What next did that agent do? He rose up in his
place; and, when all eyes were turned upon him, and
all ears open to his voice, he informed this House
who they %vere, what they complained of, how
they reasoned on the subject, and what redress they
prayed for.
These are the facts; the record proves them, and
gentlemen know them. Now the question is, have
we cloven down the right of petition? Have we
driven the petitioners with scorn from our doors? No,
we have not. We have heard them by their own
selected agent. They did not come themselves—
they came by their agent. We received that agent.
He spoke for them, and made known to us their
prayer. The moment their prayer was heard; their
right of petition was perfected. Their right was to peti-
tion—our duty was to hear. When we did hear them,
through their agent, their right was ended. All after
that was our right. To decide at once, or to go through
the tedious formalities of legislation, was ■for us to
determine. Under the 21st rule, we decided promptly
 at once—what these gentlemen nearly all say we
ought finally to have done. Let me explain all this
by a domestic illustration, which none can fail to
understand. The mother, with her darling child,
buried as she may be in her ordinary pursuits, is
yet bound to hear all the complaints of that child—
the child has a right, to be heard. But, being
heard, what next' If the request be unreasonable
or impossible, she may answer promptly, No ! If
she be doubtful, she may answer, I will consider of
it, or I will tell you by-and-by.
In a ease like this, whatever the child might think
of the impatience or unkindness of the decision, it
could never say, My parent refused to hear me.
This is the*21st rale, and this the practice under
it, which has been so much misrepresented and mis-
understood.
Gentlemen may tell me that tlie fact of its being
so much misunderstood is a ground for its abandon-
ment. "Why, then, was not a rule reported, clear-
ing up this" misconception, by declaring on its face
that these petitions should be received, but goiiij no
further? Why did not the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Beardsley,] propose to go that far?
And because that was all that the right of petition
could require, why did he not stop there? Stopping
there, the South, if not satisfied, would yet have
been safe—safe in the enjoyment of her constitu-
tional rights, and perhaps safe from the fires of in-
surrection. Stopping there, too, the people of the .
North would have been safe in the enjoyment of
their constitutional right of petition; and more than
this, the Democratic North would have been safe
from the imputation of her enemies, that she sought
the alliance or the propitiation of th£ abolitionary
fanaticism of the day.
What do gentlemen tell us m favor of the total
abandonment of this rule? Why, they tell us that
it is the most effectual way to put down abolition.
They had as well tell us that the best way to save
a city, is to pull down all her fortifications; that the
surest way to repel invasion, is to surrender all the
mountain passes and strongholds where you might
overcome the enemy. Put down the abolitionists by
granting four out of five of the very things they ask
for: first, they ask you to receive their petitions;
second, to refer them; third, to report on them;
fourth, to let them be debated; and fifth, to abolish
the institution of slavery.
These are the five things asked for; and the argu-
ment is, to put them down by granting four out of
five of them. -™r.
Why refer them? Do you doubt? No. Why-
report on them? Do you mean to pass them? No.
Why debate them? Why, you say that you are all
of one mind. Why, then, all this round of legisla-
tive formality? Is it done in hypocrisy? I will not
say it, nor think it. Is it done to propitiate, by
showing respect to the abolitionists? I will not show
it, because I do not feel it.
But I have one conclusive and irresistible argu-
ment to show that this is not the way to put down
the abolitionists: you have tried it. On the same
speech which was made by the gentleman from
New York, (if not word for word, certainly on the
same arguments,) the Pmckney resolutions were
passed. The petitions were received; they were re-
ferred, and reported upon in the most dignified and
respectful manner. Did this satisfy abolitionists, or
allay excitement? No; the very next session the
gentleman from Massachusetts came walking into
this hall with fifty thousand petitioners at his heels.
Under that resolution, the cry was raised, Now is
the time—the doors of Congress stand wide open;
put all your machinery in motion; bring out your
candidates—men that will not vote for a slavehold-
ing Speaker—men that will be safe to trust on the
committees—men who will be able in debate to
espouse and sustain our cause; if those who have
befriended us thus far will not go further—if he of
Massachusetts—if Slade and Clark and Gates
shall falter in their course, down with them; every-
thing for our cause, and nothing for our men.
This, sir, was the abolition cry, and we were
forced to retrace our steps—to resort to the Atherton
resolutions; from them we were forced to the 21st
rule; and now we are told we must surrender all.
I wish now to tell the gentlemen of the North
why we of the South are so much opposed to re-
ferring these petitions. If you refer, you must re-
port; if you report, you must debate; if you debate,
you annually question our title. This must finally
diminish, if not destroy, the value of our property.
An annual suit for a tract of land—suit after suit—
is brought; will not the land becomc valueless, and
the owner ready to surrender it forever? It will keep
the South in perpetual excitement. And lastly, you
kindle the fires of insurrection. The words of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, uttered here, have
often fallen on the ears of the South like the toll ol
the fire-bell at night. Gentlemen surely do not un-
derstand what is going on in the South. Hundreds
and thousands of our slaves have learned to read
with our children, under a relaxation prompted by
the noblest humanity; hence our annual debates here
could not fail to be known to them there. The ad-
dress of the abolitionist to their masters is there—the
address of the abolitionist to themselves is there;
they arc read by the flickering light of a midnight
fire. They are told, in the latter address, not to kill,
not to shed innocent blood, but to take horses and
money and clothes, and whatever else may facilitate
their escape, and flee to the free States, where friends
are waiting to conduct them to Canada. But what
they may do I dnow not, when they shall read (as
read they will) the celebrated Pittsburg letter. There
a new idea is presented.
Little does that gentleman perhaps know what
mischief may flow from that address. "He believed
the abolition of slavery would be effected in some
way, either peaceably or by blood; but in whatever
way, he was for if.'1 Where did he get that idea
from? Not from the abolitionists, for they only
said, steal and fly? Did he get it from the bloody
