130
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
We must (said Mr. F.) seek a foreign market;
we must supply England, Asia, Africa, and 'the
islands of the ocean, with our surplus brcadstuffs,
or else we must commence in the West with man-
ufactures. Every man must make his own cloth-
ing while he is raising provisions. The people of
the North and the West, while raising breadstuffs,
must carry on manufactures. The gentleman to
whom he alluded was in possession of much infor-
mation upon the subject, and he might, therefore,
be correct in what he had stated; but he (Mr. F.)
could not believe it, nor did the people of the West
believe it. At all events, they wanted a trial; and
if, upon that trial, they failed to secure their ob-
ject, all that could be said was, they were deceived
m their expectations.
With regard to the drain which the gentleman had
said was made upon the people of the North, that
half the revenue of this country was collected north
of the city of New York. It does not, therefore,
follow that the revenue was drained from the people
of New York. It came from every portion of the
Union. Like the dew of heaven, it was spread over
the whole country. But there was one drain, and a
large one, upon the people, not of the East, but of
the new States. It was well known to the House
that the General Government was a large land
holder in the new States, and that, for every acre
which passes from the Government, its value is car-
ried into the treasury. Within the last fiscal year,
two millions and a half of dollars had been drained
from the new States. This was a drain for which
i here was no return whatever. Altogether, the new
States had paid into the treasury of this Union one
hundred and thirteen millions of dollars—an unceas-
ing drain upon the purses of the people, for which
there was no return; and the people were bound, so
long as the government continues to be a landjob-
ber, to have a depreciated currency. There must
necessarily be a scarcity of money amongst them;
because, as fast as it comes to their control, it passes
directly into the land offices. View the matter in
any light they pleased, there was 110 people in any
portion of the Union who were so heavily assessed
as those of the new States—those States in which
the General Government was the proprietor of the
public domain.
He did not propose to enter into any bargains
upon this matter, he did not propose, nor, as far as
he knew, did any Western member intend to enter
into any coalition or entangling alliances in regard
to this proposition—the improvement of the West.
Where they had a great national object in view—ail
object winch did no violence to the Constitution of the
United States—they asked only for that justice which
had been meted out to older States in times gone by.
They asked it as a matter of right and justice, that,
as the older States had their improvements in times
past—as they had been set up in house-keeping, and
got fairly under way, that provision should now
be made for the new States. The way in which he
wanted this appropriation made was this: first, if it
were found that the Navy Department had too many
persons quartered upon the peace establishment—
officers who were rendering no service to the Gov-
ernment—they should be cast loose, and left to pro-
vide, by labor, for themselves. To retain them, was
incompatible with the genius of our free institutions.
This Government should not have pensioners upon
its bounty; and he (Mr. F.) would apply the same
rule to the War Department. Persons drawing
their pay, and doing nothing for it, except haunting
the hotel, feeding upon the best of dinners, and
drinking the choicest wines, should be turned loose,
and their pay appropriated to more useful purposes.
If they found there was danger of converting this
city, for instance, into a great lazaretto, or alms-
house, where such useless people congregate, to be
supported out of the labor of the producer, and at
the expense of the Government—fluttering about
the Executive Mansion like moths about a candle—
let them be driven out, and the money appropriated
to more valuable purposes. He was convinced that
theie could be a sufficient fund provided in this
way to give aid to the West. Gentlemen from all
parts of this Union must feel an interest in the im-
provement of the Western waters. It was suggest-
ed that they would require eight millions of dollars;
but, if they could obtain eight hundred thousand,
he thought it would be sufficient for present pur-
poses; and, if they could not get even that, they
would consent to take the half of it. All that they
wanted was something like fair play. One word in
regard to the Mississippi and her 2,000 miles of
navcation. There was no other stream within tliis
country to be compared with it. It was not the
river of the Wes{, but emphatically the river of this
country. It was well remarked by an eloquent Irish
orator, speaking of Washington, that he belonged to
no country, that he was a citizen of the universe.
Such an expression might be applied, with equal
truth, to this mighty river. It was not the river of
Mississippi, Missouri, Louisiana, Arkansas, or
Kentucky; it was the river of the whole United
States. The poorest peasant in the British domin-
ions might claim an interest in the Mississippi.
There was not an inhabitant upon the globe who
might not be in some way benefited by it, by the
reduction of the prices of broad-stuffs occasioned by
the facilities offered to commerce by that noble
river.
He did not propose to detain the committee lon-
ger than to say briefly, what he had intended to say
when he rose, in order that he might be distinctly
understood in regard to the system of internal im-
provement which he'had prescribed to himself, and
m which he believed he was seconded by all, or
nearly all, of his colleagues and the Western mem-
bers generally. They did not intend to go into any
general system, or to revive the exploded one of in-
ternal improvements by the General Government.
Nor did they ask for any thing which had not been
received by the States. They did not ask that more
should be done for them than had been done for
others under similar circumstances. Justice was
all they asked; and justice would satisfy them.
Mr. RATHBUN obtained the floor; but, a desire
to adjourn being manifested by many members, he
moved that the. committee rise.
The committee rose, and reported that they had
come to 110 resolution upon the question before them;
and,
On motion of Mr. REDING,
The House adjourned.
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day, were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
Ry Mr. STONE: The petition of Jane Beam,
praying the passage of a law allowing her a pension.
The petition of John Roberts and others, in-support
of the petition of Jane Bearn.
By Mr. BELSER: The petition of Barrett Brewer,
a revolutionary pensioner, praying a change in his
pension as it now stands: referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions.
By Mr. STRONG: The petition of a large num-
ber of the inhabitants of Greenport, on Long Island,
praying for the passage of an act to reduce the rates
of postage, and more effectually to restrain the
abuses of the franking privilege: referred to the
Committee 011 the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. DODGE: The petition of the inhabitants
of the county of Racine, Territory of Wisconsin,
asking Congress for an appropriation for a harbor
at the mouth of Root river, town of Racine, in
said Territory: referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
By Mr. BYRAM GREEN: The memorial of
General Hugh W. Dobbin, of Geneva, New York,
an officer in the last war, asking for compensation.
The petition of the citizens of the towns of Wolcott
and Butler, Wayne county, New York, asking for
a mail-route from Baldwinsville, in the county of
Onondaga, to the village of Wolcott, in the county
of Wayne. The petition of the citizens of Palmyra,
in the county of Wayne, New York, asking for a
reduction of postage.
By Mr. JAMES BLACK: The petition of
Thomas C. Miller for damages, for a violation of a
contract bv the United States, relative to an ore
bank near "Harper's Ferry, in the State of Virginia:
referred, together with the papers 011 the files of the
House, and additional testimony, to the Committee
of Claims.
By Mr. OWEN: The memorial of Travis Phil-
lips and 60G others, citizens of Indiana, praying for
the armed occupation of Oregon.
By Mr. BUFFINGTON: The petition of citizens
of Philadelphia, praying Congress to make an ap-
propriation for the construction of a dry-dock at the
navy-yard at that port.
By Mr. PRATT: The petition of Alvin Bush-
nell and 50 others, for a new mail-route from Pratts-
ville, through Lexington, Westkill, and Bushnells-
ville, to Shandakcr, New York: referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads. The
petition of Irena Marshals: referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Pensions.
By Mr LYON: The memorial of a committee of
the citizens of the city of Detroit in favor of the
construction of a ship canal around the rapids of St.
Mary's river, near the foot of Lake Superior, m the
State of Michigan.
Mr. ANDERSON withdrew from the hies
of the Clerk's office the petition of William N. Ma-
ver, of Westchester county, New York; and the
same was referred to the Committee of Claims.
By Mr. McCLELLAND; The memorial of the
Common Council of the city of Monroe, Michigan,
for an appropriation to complete the harbor at that
place: referred to the Committee on Commerce. On
leave, withdrew from the files the claim of iNancy
Agnew, for property destroyed by the Indians
during the last war.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 11, 1844.
Mr. CHOATE presented a petition from the wid-
ow of Albert E. Downes, deceased, late an officer
commanding the schooner Grampus, praying the
passage of an act for her relief; which was reierredto
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CHOATE remarked, that it was with great
reluctance that he asked to be excused from service
on a committee; but aa he had been placed on two,
he must ask to be excused from serving on the
Committee on Naval Affairs. The time of meeting
of that committee was such as to render it impossi-
ble for him to attend.
The question was put, and he was excused; and
O11 motion of Mr. BAYARD, the President pro
Inn. was empowered to appoint another member to
fill the vacancy thus created.
Mr. WRIGHT observed, that there had been
placed in his hand a memorial, with a request that
he would present it to the Senate, from Hamar Blan-
nerhasset, in behalf of himself and Joseph L. Blan-
nerhasset, praying indemnity for injuries and for
losses of property of their father in 1806, in conse-
quence of his arrest 011 the ground of connection
with Aaron Burr. In connection with this petition,
was a report of the Committee 011 Claims of
the, last Congress, on the subject made on the me-
morial of Mrs. Blannerhasset. She died pending
the claim before the Committee on Claims of this
body. A report, however, was drawn up and intro-
duced in favor of the claim. But m consequence of
her death, the question was discharged. He felt it
his duty to say that, as a member of that commit-
tee at that time, he was by no means prepared to
adopt that report. He moved the reference of the
petition to the Committee 011 Claims: agreed to.
Also presented a petition from Deborah Childs,
the widow of Abraham Childs, deceased, late of
New York, praying to be placed 011 the pension roll
for the revolutionary services of her husband. Mr.
W. said she did not happen to get married so soon
as the 1st of January, 1794. He therefore sup-
posed the case did not come within the law: referred
to the Committee 011 Pensions.
Mr. BERRIEN presented a memorial from sun-
dry citizens of Heard county, Georgia, asking for
the establishment of a post office at Bennettsville in
said county: referred to the Committee 011 the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SEVIER presented documents in relation to
the claim of George Duval, a Cherokee, praying in-
demnity for depredations committed on his proper-
ty: referred to the Committee 011 Indian Affairs.
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented a petition from Lyd-
ia Baker, the widow of William Baker, of the revo-
lutionary war, asking for a continuance of pension:
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented a memorial from
sundry ; citizens of Mystic, New London county,
Connecticut, asking for a reduction of "the rates of
postage, and the abolition of the franking privilege;
and alsp asking that the rates may be made to con-
form to the federal coin: referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
On motion by Mr. HANNEGAN, it was ordered
that the papers relating to the claim of the represent-
atives of Col. Francis Vigo be taken from the files,
and referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
On motion by Mr. WOODBURY, the vote of the.
Senate concurring in the report of the Committee on
Claims, adverse to the claim of George Harrison,
was reconsidered, and the subject was recommitted
to that committee.
On motion by Mr. FOSTER, the Committee on
Claims was discharged from the further consideration
