CONGRESSIONAL GLOSfi.
131
of the petition of the hears of General William Eaton
for services in the Tripolitan war; and it was refer-
red to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. FULTON, on leave, introduced a bill to sur-
render to the States of Missouri and Arkansas
alternate sections of certain public lands reported not
worth the expenses of survey, for the purpose, of
increasing the value of other public 'domain; which
was twice read, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. MERRICK presented a petition from George
Dennison, and many other citizens of Newark,
Ohio, praying for such a modification of the post
office law as will correct the abuse of the franking
privilege, and will afford a separate mode of con-
veying packages, such as pamphlets, books, &c.:
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. FAIRFIELD, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported favorably to the printing of certain re-
ports, petitions, &c.: concurred in by the Senate.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to which was referred the petition of
George Davenport, praying to be confirmed in a
certain tract of land, reported a bill for his relief;
which was read, and ordered to a second reading,
and, with the report accompanying, to be printed.
- Mr. BENTON submitted a resolution, which was
read, as follows, viz:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to inform the Senate whether anything was accom-
plished towords settling the title to the Pea Patch
island under the joint resolution of March 3, 1839;
and if nothing was accomplished under said resolu-
tion, that the Senate be informed of the reasons
which prevented it.
Mr. BENTON asked for its consideration then,
as he presumed there could be no objection to it.
Mr. CLAYTON remarked that he could give the
necessary information, though he had no objection
to the adoption of the resolution. From a corres-
pondence with the Secretary, it appeared that the
Attorney General, as directed, had brought a suit
against the State of Delaware in the circuit court of
the United States. Notice was given to the parties
and their counsel to defend. They did not appear,
and let judgment go by default.
Mr. BENTON said he much preferred to have
the facts of the case in a definite form. They had
agents here, for several years previous to that act,
pressing action upon the subject; and he wished to
know, officially and definitely, what had been done
under it.
Mr. HAYWOOD said he would like to have the
inquiry extended a little further. He was under
the impression that lately nn act of Congress was
passed directing the Attorney General to investigate
the title. That the late Attorney General (Mr. Le-
gare) undertook the subject, he knew; and he would
like to have the opinion formed by him. He would
like further to be informed whether New Jersey has
ever ceded jurisdiction over this land to the United
States. He had been informed out of doors that Dela-
ware had ceded jurisdiction and title, and claims that
New Jersey has not jurisdiction, but that the island
is within her borders. If she has not yet ceded ju-
risdiction, he would like to be informed. He want-
ed the information in an authentic form, and from
an authentic source; for upon such information his
opinion would be formed. He then proposed the
following as an amendment to the resolution:
1. That he also communicate the opinion of the
late Attorney General upon the title of the United
States to the Pea Patch island, if he gave one.
2. That lie also inform the Senate whether New
Jersey has coded to the United States jurisdiction
over the said island, and at what time. If no such
cession of jurisdiction lias ever been made, that he
will inform the Senate whether application has at
any time been made to New Jeisoy for such ces-
sion,' and when.
Mr. DAYTON said the information could be
given in full without going to the Department of
War for it. He did not wish to interpose any ob-
jection to the resolution or amendment, but would
barely suggest to the Senator from North Carolina
so to modify it as to make it read "a copy" of any
opinion of the Attorney General which may have
been given. It now reads "the opinion" he has
given. If he would thus modify it, he would in-
terpose no objection to the resolution, trusting that
there would be no unnecessary delay. He may
have given an opinion, though not in writing; there-
fore it could only be a copy.
Mr. HAYWOOD said that, if such was the ob-
ject of the modification, he could not accept it. If
he gave an opinion not in writing, it would not be
acceptable to him. (
The question was put upon the amendment, and
it was adopted. The resolution, as amended, was
then .agreed to.
Mr. BREESE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which, under the rule, lies one day on the ta-
ble, viz:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire whether any, and, if any,
what further provisions are necessary to give effect
to the act of Congress of the 13th of August, 1841,
entitled "An act to repeal the act entitled 'an act to
provide for the collection, safekeeping, transfer, and
disbursement of the public revenue,' and to pro-
vide for the punishment of embezzelers of public
money, and for other purposes."
Mr. FULTON presented a petition from William
Wynn, of the county of Lafayette, Arkansas, ask-
ing for the correction of an error in the act of Con-
gress of the 17th May, 1842, granting him a right
of pre-emption to certain lands: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands.
DEFENCE OF THE COAST OF FLORIDA.
Mr. KING remarked that the exposed situation
of the Territory of Florida rendered it necessary, at
an early period, to call the attention of Congress to
the subject. The whole coast of Florida was with-
out a fortification; and if any Senator would turn
his eyes to the map, he would see how vastly im-
portant it was, that some points on that coast should
be put in a state of defence, in case any difficulty
should arise between this and any other country.
The products of the whole region of the West have
to pass out along the Gulf coast, almost into the
grasp of another power. The commerce carried on
with the great West will be thus exposed to plun-
der, unless there was some point in which the ship-
ping could seek protection. It was desirable to as-
certain, as far as could be, what communication
could be made through the peninsula of Florida, so
as to supersede the necessity, by this, channel, of
the produce of the whole West passing round the
Gulf coast to get into the Atlantic, and thus subject-
ing it to exposure, and to a contact with the fleet of
a foreign power, which, in time of war, might be
stationed ill the Gulf. The greater portion of the
commerce of the country has to pass round the
Florida coast; and it seemed to him, after expending
so much elsewhere to protect the property and the
commerce of the country, that they should not over-
look a point which was more defenceless, and as
important to be defended as any other part of our
coast. It was simply with that view that he wished
to call the attention of Congress and of the country
to the subject, in order to have a knowledge of the
best way in which the vast commerce of that region
may be protected, and security given to the prop-
erty there, lie then submitted "the following reso-
lution, viz:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to communicate to the Senate the correspondence
with General Worth, and other officers, relative to
fortifying the keys and islands around Cape Flori-
da, and for connecting the waters of the river Ma-
tanzas and the Musquito Lagoon with Indian river,
at the harbor in East Florida. And also to commu-
nicate such further information, including plats and
surveys, as may be in the possession of the depart-
ment, relative to the construction of a railroad across
the peninsula of Florida, with an estimate of what
would be the probalile cost of connecting the wateis
of the uvers alluded to, .md of constructing the
railroad with the aid of troops r.tationed in Florida.
The question was put on tiie resolution, by general
consent, and it was adopted.
On motion by Mr. MERRICK, the resolution of
the Committee" on the Post Office and Post Roads,
for the indefinite postponement of the clami^ot Ira
Day, was taken up, and concurred m by the Senate.
The adverse report of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, on the claim of Benjamin Crawford, came
up for consideration; but was, oil the motion of Mr.
SEYIER, laid on the table for the present.
The following adverse reports of committees were
concurred in by the Senate, \iz: The report of the
Committee on Pensions in the cases of Joseph
Veazey, John Bosworth, and the widow of Jacob
Rennington.
On motion by Mr. KING, the documents toueti-
ing the claim of Roads & Austin, contractors for
carrying the mail from New Orleans to Mobile, were
ordered to be taken from the files, and referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads. .
The bill entitled "An act for the relief of Ed-
ward Kennard" was taken up on its third reading.
Mr. FAIRFIELD remarked that it had been sug-
gested to him that, inasmuch as he presented the
petition upon which this bill was founded, and the
bill being in accordance with the prayer of the peti-
tion, it was his duty to support the bill. But he
said he recognised no such obligation. He admit-
ted it to be his duty to present any and all petitions
that any of his constituents saw fit to entrust to
to him for that purpose, and, by a proper reference,
to secure to them an opportunity for a fair exam-
ination of the merits of their respective cases; after
which he felt himself entirely at liberty to support or
oppose a report of the committee, according to his own
views of what was right. This remark he made not
merely in reference to this case; but bemuse he be-
lieved erroneous notions were prevailing abroad
upon this subject. He wished, therefore, if his re-
mark should find its way to the public through the
newspapers, it would be seen how his services and
vote could not be commanded. His support of this
bill, therefore, was not founded upon any such ob-
ligation, but upon his belief that it was right and
just.
What, (said Mr. F.) are the facts in the case? In
July, 1840, the ship Pactolus, commanded by a
Captain Harding, and owned by citizens of Maine,
was then lying at the port of New York,
ready for sea. Captain Harding changing his
intention, and being desirous of leaving the
ship, the owners, who, he believed, were then
at New York, sent to Portsmouth, N. H., the place
of residence of the petitioner, Capt. Kennard, re-
questing him to come on and take charge of the ship.
He did so. On his arrival at New York, the ship's
papers, which are usually kept in a tin case, were
handed over to him, and he, supposing that they
were Ml right—that every thing which the law re-
quired, either of the owners or collector of the port,
had been fully complied with, went on board his
ship and immediately set sail. It seemed (said Mr.
F.) that Captain Kennard had no occasion to ex-
amine, and did not examine, the papers, or at least
the certificate of registry, until June,1842, when, clear-
ing the ship at the port of New Orleans, it was discov-
ered for the first time that the change of masters was
not endorsed upon the certificate of registry by the
collector of the port of New York, as the law required,
upon the suggestion of the owners. For this omis-
sion, the law subjected the master to a fine of one
hundred dollars. The provisions of law were clear;
the facts were undisputed; and those facts could
constitute no legal defence to a prosecution. Under
these circumstances, he submitted voluntarily to the
demand of the collector, and paid him one hundred
dollars. Soon afterwards, this sum was, in the lan-
guage of the law, "distributed;" that is, one half
was divided between the collcctor, naval officer, and
surveyor, and the other half paid into the treasury
of the United States; and it is for the restoration of
this half that the present bill is reported, on the
ground that the infraction of law was wholly unin-
tentional. And he (Mr. F.) submitted whether it
was not right and just to restore it.
When this bill was up a few days since, it was
insisted by the Senator from North Carolina [Mr.
Haywood,] that it was wrong in principle. Mr. F.
said it appeared to him to be entirely otherwise. ^ If
it was right that one who wilfully and with crim-
inal intent violated the law of the land should be
punished; it was also right that one who violated
the law uiiintdntionally and without criminal intent
should be pardoned. This principle is incorporated
into the Constitution. It is among the powers be-
stowed upon the President. It is to be found in the
constitutions of all the States—it runs through our
whole penal system—it is as old as the govern-
ment of God. Emanating from such a source, it
cannot be wrong. . . .
It is certainly introducing no new principle into
the legislation of Congress. On running his eye
through the books, Mr. F. said he found numerous
precedents many of the eases being almost identi-
cal with this.
But it is urged by the Senator from North Car-
olina, [Mr. ePatwood,] that it is wrong in principle
to entertain this question, inasmuch as the law has
provided another remedy, which the petitioner was
bound to pursue. What is that remedy? inquired
Mr. F. Why, this, sir: in a case like this, the law
provides tjiat application may be made to the judg<|
