146
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Woodbury.
Senate.
were similar. It originated in importunities from
only one small class in society; was partial, and
unequal in its burdens for their benefits; and tended
to exact tribute from the rest to sustain them alone.
Did any gentleman who had not examined the de-
tails critically, deem this a mere opinion founded on
loose generalities, and consider it impossible that,
after the fatal effects which flowed from the high
tariff of 1828, a majority of any Congress could pro-
ceed to renew several duties i^uite as high, and
indeed much higher? Let him, then, look to
the recorded facts in our own statute books, from
which a tabular statement has been compiled by me,
a few items in which I will take the liberty to read.
[Appendix, table No. 1.]
Here are eighteen distinct articles, eachof which
is higher, under the present tariff, than that of 1828,
Among them are the important items of cordage,
cotton cloths,* cotton bagging, some kinds of glass,
iron, shoes and boots, with molasses, crockeryware,
and woollens. If salt and sugar were at a specific
rede of duty nominally less, they were burdened
higher in proportion to their present value. Many
of these articles were great necessaries of life, wheth-
er in the log cabin or palace, or on the vessel's deck,
freighted with the rich spices and silks of India, or
the western keel-boat and gallant steamer, loaded
with the labors of the hardy farmer across the Alle-
ghanies; and when cordage is now taxed four and
a half cents, instead of four, per pound; steel two dol-
lars and fifty cents, instead of two dollars a hundred;
shoes thirty, instead of twenty-five cents a pair; and
crockeryware fifty per cent, more than the former
impost,—cananyone say that, if the act of 1828 was
high or discreditable, or a bill of abominations, this
is not higher, and more discreditable?
I will not go through all the articles where the
parallel is drawn before me in the table, lest it might
prove tedious. But there were weighty reasons, be-
h'uIg these, for an early revision of the present tariff.
In its general character and design, it was framed,
nut for revenue, but protection, and that protec-
tion direct, and chiefly to one class of the commu-
nity, which being a small one, in proportion to the
whole; it thus endangered, if not sacrificed, the
interests of the many, to aid a few. Whenever any
uf its provisions have been moulded differently to
accomplish this purpose, it is a departure from
sound principle, being a purpose not financial in its
origin or tendency—not in conformity with the
hound principles of taxation, nor permissible for
other objects under the spirit of our confederated
form of government, where 110 such power is ex-
pressly granted; and every power not .so granted is
reserved to the States and the people.
I shall not, however, on this occasion, investi-
gate the mooted question of its constitutionality,
because time for such an argument does not ex-
ist, without omitting much that tends to de-
monstrate the propriety of amending such a bill,
on great principles of justice and equality in legis-
lation, older than all constitutions, and paramount
to every technical consideration.
1 proceed to offer facto to piove that the
present tariff is such a bill. It was prayed for, in
many respects, by only one class of the communi-
ty—manufacturers. Testimony was taken only as
to the influence of many of its provisions to aid one
class. The passage of them, in their present form,
was advocated as necessary for the protection of
that class; and, however some other considerations
as to revenue or consequential benefits to other class-
es may have mingled with the paramount object in
giving the present extraordinary form and pressure
to most of the rates of duty, yet the interest and pro-
tection of manufactures were the Alpha and Omega
m the numerous departures which occur in it from
the sound revenue system which existed here from
the foundation of the government until the derange-
ments of industrv during the last war. Prior to
that event, (as 1 will explain more fully hereafter,'!
the highest range of duties on foreign imports had
never swollen above 15 per cent, with two and a
half more for a time, on account of the Mediterra-
nean fund, to raise means for humbling the
piratical powers on the coast of Barbary. Those
were truly revenue and not protective taxes, ex-
cept that" incidental protection to all classes which
always results to all branches of protective industry
" In a subsequent part of Mr. W.'s speech, lie referred to
one case -where printed cottons, under the act of 1842, paid
a hundred per cent more than they did under the high rates
uf 19-28 and 1824. Mr, Simmons expressed a wish to learn
how Mr. W. made tins out; and he replied, giving: the de-
'•AU.
from any impost, however, small, on rival imports
from abroad. But the double duties for revenue,
during the war, with the increased difficulty 111 ob-
taining supplies from other countries, had given a
new impulse to several domestic manufactures, and
when peace arrived, those engaged in them depreca-
ted the injury likely to flow from the large import
and consumption of foreign articles similar to their
own. Accordingly, to protect them, and them alone,
and that but temporarily, the addition of near 42 per
cent, was made to several of the duties, as before
graduated, on the peace standard for revenue; and,
so far from its being pretended that this addition,
deliberately placed on rival productions only, was
solely with a view to revenue, it was admitted and
proposed to be done, directly for the purpose of
protection, and that chiefly to the manufacturing in-
terest alone. Before me is Mr. Dallas's report, in
February, 1816, formally declaring that such pro-
tection was desirable, and selecting Hie articles which
most needed it, and recommending the amounts of
duty on each, which he considered likely to yield
it.—[See 3 Slate Papers—Finance, p. 9.
What class, after six years' trial, became dissatis-
fied with this amount of direct protection, and asked
for and obtained more in 1824? Who again in 1828?
and who again in 1842?
There is no pretence that the further increase of
duty in 1824 and 1828, on the former protected arti-
cles, was demanded or imposed for the purposes of
revenue. One of the supporters of the bill of 1828,
now a member of this body, [Mr. Wright,]
frankly admitted, in July, 1842, "that the tariff qf
1828 was avowedly passed for protection; and if coiv-
siderations of revenue had any connection with it, they
were only incidental to the main oWecJ of protection
Appendix to Globe, p. 653, for 1842.
As litde can it be pretended that similar pro-
provisions, asked by similar persons, and for similar
objects, in 1842, we're not cast into their present une-
qual, high, and oppressive form, for the same objects
as before—the direct protection of the single class of
manufacturers. I admit that we needed more reve-
nue in 1842. But it is manifest that we' could easily
have obtained as much as now from a duty on
foreign imports not averaging over 20 or 25
per cent.; or, if obliged to go higher in any case,
under the impression, usually erroneous, that by go-
ing higher a larger aggregate amount can be obtain-
ed, it is equally manifest that we ought to have
gone higher, on luxuries, rather than necessa-
saries; and on such articles as would throw
the tax. according to the ability to pay, on
property, rather than the person, and not make
taxation doubly odious and oppressive, as is done
by this tariff, through its operation almost as a poll
tax, making the poor pay per capita nearly as much
to the support of the general government as the
wealthy. Such oppressive provisions were, there-
fore, not designed for fair fiscal purposes, but for
protection to a favorite class, possessed of great en
terprise and political influence, I admit, and equal
rights with others; but no more moral, useful, or
patriotic, than most other classes of the American
people; and having a very small proportion of num-
bers and capital to be protected compared with the
whole Union. As the mere revenue standard, in
some countries, has not exceeded 10 per cent.,
and in others 15 or 20; and we did not exceed the
latter during near a quarter of a century, I propose
to show, by figures, that the present duties are,
in many vital respects, far a', ove that standard. I
hold in my hand a statement of the rate now im-
posed on several articles above not only 20, but
30 per cent. And I am the more anxious that the
Senate should note the numerous and great excesses
into which the act runs, from the circumstance that
some deny the high protective character of any part
of the present tariff; and many who doubt it, are un-
able to verify their apprehensions with accuracy, be-
cause most of the duties being specific, and the cost
of the ai tides abroad not known, the real per cent-
age of the tax on their value is concealed and not
able to be ascertained, except at the treasury.
But fortunately, in 1840, a document was obtained
from the Treasury Department, which gave the cost
and charges and quantities of all important articles
imported in that year. Thus everybody can reduce
the specific rate to one ad valorem for that year; and
are since enabled to do the same; where the cost of
the article has not materially changed. In order,
however, to verify my" own computations, and cor-
rect any changes in value since, 1 have compared my
statement with one which has been obtained offi-
cially from the Treasury Department; and it is in
this way rendered as accurate as is possible in the
nature of things. [Table No. 2.]
What, Mr. President, do you believe has been the
general result' Only four or five,, or, at most, a
dozen articles on which the community are taxed
over the highest revenue standard of 30 per cent.?
No, sir; but forty-one articles. And that without in-
cluding seventeen varieties of iron manufacture, arid
as many more of cotton. These forty-one also in-
clude most, if not all, of those great necessaries of
life which we import; and among them seven, which
are so burdened as to pay over fourteen and a half
millions of dollars; out of twenty-one that would
accrue on imports no larger than those of 1840.
[Table No. 3.] , , ,
Does the Senate suppose, however, that the duty
imposed in these cases merely crossed the true line
of revenue a few cents or fractions, and therefore
not enough to change the leading features of a rev-
enue bill? If so, they must be surprised to learn
that some descriptions of them reach 50,80,100, and
even 150 per cent. Thus: boots and shoes pay
from 50 to 75 per cent.
What was the duty, also, on coal, used largely
on the seaboard by all classes, and especially in the
freezing inclemencies of weather now agonizing the
poor and distressed of our cities? Quite 61 per
cent., (by the official computation of the department,)
or more than double the highest true revenue rate.
The duties on cordage—an article of universal use,
in some form or other, from the St. Croix to the
Sabine, and even to Oregon—ranged from 71 to 188
per cent. Cottons—which, more or less, helped to
clothe all classes—paid from 40 to 63 per cent.
Woollens rose still higher. Sugar—which sweetens
the cup of all—swelled to 71 and 101 per cent.
Salt—which was gloriously free in that country _so
often sneered at by us as deeply oppressed—paid,
by this tariff, near 80 per cent., and some kinds still
more;' while iron—one of the great instruments to
vanquish the earth, as well as our enemies, and car-
ry on our whole domestic and foreign commerce—is
from 45 to 77 per cent. Indeed, the hammer and the
anvil of every blacksmith's shop in every village of
the Union, are loaded with some of the highest of
these duties; and the oppression from them, in a
thousand other forms, is carried into every kitchen
and farm-yard of the whole republic.
Again, if this tariff was not intended for direct
protection to manufacturers rather than for revenue,
why were not its highest duties and greatest collec-
tions from luxuries and the elegances of life, rather
than necessaries' This is the course elsewhere. In
England, for instance, tobacco is made }o yield near
seventeen millions of revenue yearly, and spirits
about thirteen millions by customs, and near twenty-
five millions more by excise—sums ranging not far
from our whole income on imports. But we bur-
den highest the prime necessaries of life, and collect
from sugar, iron, woollens, cottons, linens, molasses,
and silks—most of them indispensable in every cot-
tage and every degree of latitude and longitude over
our wide domain—the great mass of our whole rev-
enue on foreign merchandise.
Here is a detailed statement, computed on the
latest data accessible, and showing that those articles
alone probably pay more than three-fourths of the
whole. (See No. 3.) I challenge any plausible
reason to be assigned for this odious and oppressive
discrimination, except that every one of these arti-
cles has rival productions here of a manufactured
character, intended thus to be directly protected.
Should a doubt remain that the present tariff was
modelled to accomplish that favorite object to manu-
facturers, and not to aid at the same time, by like
and equal protection, the interests of agriculture,
manufactures, and commerce, (which is frequently
pretended,) let him listen a moment to a fact or
two more, which alone are sufficient to silence for-
ever any such pretence.
What, sir! Tell the hard fisted farmer that he is
equally watched over and protected by the bill,
when almost every production, agricultural and
otherwise, which is the raw material for a manufac-
ture here, is unprotected—exonerated from any but
a small duty, or made entirely free; and when, at
the same moment, the manufacture from that pro-
duction is protected highly, and often oppressively,
at the expense of the farmer who is obliged to pur-
chase it? That the Senate may see that this offensive
discrimination is not accidental, or confined to two
or three cases only, and that it is not a tariff of equal
protection to all, I have prepared a schedule from
the acts of Congress themselves, now before me,
from which it appears that, in fifteen instances at
