148
APPENDIX TO tHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1844.
28th CoNG,s...fsT Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Woodbury.
Senate.
upon equal terms, will by that means have foreign
commodities cheaper, and sell its own productions
dearer, -and be on the whole most prosperous."
V'olume 4, p. 170:
■"Perhaps, m general, it would be better if govern-
ment meddled no farther with trade than to protect
it, and let it take its course. Most of the statutes
or acts, edicts, arrets, said placarts of Parliament,
Princes, and States, for regulating, directing, or re-
staining of trade, have, we think, been either politi-
cal blunders, or jobs obtained by artful men for pri-
vate advantage, under pretence of public good.
r^''* bovt assembled some wise old merchants
of France, and desired their advice and opinion how
he could best serve and promote commerce; their
answer, after consultation, was in three words only—
Laissez n&us faire.1 Let us alofie. It is said by a
very solid writer of the same edition, that he is well
advanced in the science of politics, who knows the
force of that maxim—'Pas trop gouvernor'—not
to govern too much; which, perhaps, would be of
m°re use when applied to trade, than in any other
public concern. It were therefore to be wished
that eommeree was as fres between all nations of
the world, as it is between the several counties of
England: so would all, by mutual communication,
obtain more enjoyments."
As to this article just quoted, Mr. "Whately drew
up most of it, and Franklin revised and approved
it, and it is published in his works.
Again, in an .essay entirely his own, (vol. 5, t>.
417 and 418,) he says:
"Several of the princes of Europe have of late,
trom ail opinion of advantage to arise by producing
all commodities and manufactures withm their own
dominions, --o us to diminish or render useless
their importations, endeavored to entice workmen
^lorn other countries, by high salaries, privileges,
.<?c. Many persons, pretending to be skilled in va-
umis "xeat manufaetuics, imagining that America
smist be m want of them, and that the Congress
would probably be disposed the imitate the princes
above mentioned, have proposed to go over, on con-
dition of having thcir'pasissage paid, lands given, sala-
ries appointed, exclusive privileges for terms of
yearn, &c.^ Such persons, on leading the articles of
confederation, will find that the Congress have no
power committed to them, nor money put into their
hands for such purposes; and that if any such en-
couragement is given, it must be by-the government
of some separate Suite. This, however, has rarely
been done in America; and when it has been done,
it has rarely succeeded, so as to establish a manu-
facture, which th.e country was not so ripe for as to
encourage private persons to set it up—labor being
generally too dear there, and hands difficult to be
kept together, every one desiring to be a master, and
the cheapness of land inclining many to leave trades
tor agriculture. Some, indeed, have met with success,
and are carried on to advantage; but they are generally
such as require only a few hands, or wherein great
part of the worfc is performed by machines. Goods
that are bulky, and of so small value as not well to
i<car the expense of freight, may often be made
cheaper in the country than they can be imported;
and he manufacture of such goods will be profita-
ble wherever there is sufficient demand. The farm-
ers in America produce, indeed, a rood deal of wool
and flax; mid none is experted, it is all worked up;
but it is in the way of domestic manufeicture. The
buying up quantities of wool and flax, with the de-
sign to employ spinners, weavers, &c., and form great
establishments, producing quantities of linen and
woollen goods for sale, has been several times at-
tempted in different provinces; but those projects
have generally failed, goods of equal value being
imported cheaper. And when the governments have
been solicited to support, such schemes by encour-
agements m money, or by imposing duties on im-
portation of such goods, it has been generally re-
fused, on this principle, that if the country is ripe
for the manufacture, it may be carried on by private
persons to advantage; and if not, it is a folly to
think of forcing nature.
"Great establishments of manufacture require
great numbers of poor to do the work for small
wages; those poor are to he found in Europe, but
will not be found in America till the lands are all
taken up and cultivated, and the excess of people
who cannot get land want employment. The man-
ufacture of silk, they say, is as natural in France as
that of cloth m England, because each country pro-
duces in plenty the first material; but if England
t'pve 6 of sjlfc fiR well as thftl pf ,
cloth, and France of cloth as well as that of silk,
these unnatural operations must be supported by
mutual prohibitions, or high duties on the importa-
tion of each other's goods; by which means the
workmen are enabled to tax the home consumer
by greater t'RicEs, while the higher wages they
receivc makes them neither happier nor richer,
since they only drink more and work less. There-
fore, the governments in America do nothing to en-
courage such projects."
But enough of this to remove doubts in the most
incredulous. Having shown that the present tariff
was framed for the real protection of only one class,
andthat this was contrary to the spirit of the constitu-
tion, and every principle of equal justice in taxa-
tion or protection, as well as contrary to the whole
practice of ,the government for the first quarter
century of its existence; and when resorted to since,
had created intense excitement, and wide dissat-
isfaction, till after a few years the Union be-
came convulsed, and the system was abandoned,
—I will next ask a few moment's attention to
its character as a system—not for protection, but for
raising revenue.
The senator from Maine seemed to consider it a
good bill as a revenue act.
[Mr. Evams observed that, in answering the sen-
ator from South Carolina, (who maintained that the
the act of 1842 was destructive to revenue,) he had
shown it increased revenue, but did not say it was
exclusively an act for revenue.]
Yery well, sir, I am happy to hear the gen-
tleman admit that he does not defend the tariff
as exclusively an act for revenue. This virtually con-
cedes my former position, that it is, in many respects,
a measure for protection. It is one of the peculiari-
ties of this measure, that among manufacturers
it is justified as an act for their protection; but
in quarters averse to the protective system, it is
vindicated as a mere revenue measure; and in a
mixed audience, it is defended as being intended for
both—a little for each. If the argument anywhere
presses hardest against its protective features, then
it is insisted that no change shall be made, as it is
excellent for revenue; and if hardest against its rev-
enue character, then it is said to do so much good
for protection, it must not be amended, or even dis-
cussed; and if it is unable to stand alone on either
hypothesis, then the argument has been, as from the
chairman, [Mr. Evans,] that whatever inequality,
injustice, imperfection, or wrong of any kind, is
connected with it, is made reparation for by the aid
it gives to reducing prices, furnishing home markets,
employing more American industry, and less foreign
pauper labor; and in various ways more than remu-
nerating the country as a whole for any evils it may
happen to inflict on some of its parts.
Wow, sir, let us test these matters on facts, and
not broad assertions. Is it good as a revenue meas-
ure? and, if not, what is the extent of the evils
it inflicts, whether as a protective or financial
system? and are those evils compensated by any of
the benefits that have resulted or are likely to flow
from it, if we forbear to amend it?
Several remarks have already been made indica-
ting my views :is to some of its objectionable features
as a bill for raising revenue. What are the true
elements and features of a mere revenue bill? In the
first place, the leading object of a revenue bill is to
obtain revenue equally; of this, unequally. A tax
should be made to bear lightly as possible on
consumers; this is to bear most heavily on
them. The particular duties in numerous in-
stances range 10, 20, and even 40 and 50 per cent,
higher than the common revenue standard. I do
not pretend that, like the dew point or freezing
point, the financial scale can be mathematically
marked, beyond which no duties should rise on any
occasion or under any circumstances. But I do in-
sist that few nations, ancient or modern, have ever
deemed it proper for revenue to exceed 20 or 25 per
cent. The accustomed rate for that purpose has
oftener (as here, from 1790 to 1812) been under 20
than above it; and when exceeding it, as sometimes
in England, France, and Spain, and here since
1816, has usually been done avowedly for pur-
poses of protection, and not revenue. It is now,
m Prussia and Germany, no less than Switzer-
land, seldom as high as 20 per cent. Hence the
compromise act of 1833 provided for a gradual re-
duction of our protective duties to revenue ones,
and fixed them at a maximum of 20 per cent. And
hence both General Harrison and Mr. Clay, in ad-
dresses before the election of 1840, expressed their
satisfaction will; the compromise) Jpujng jmppsta
to that rate; because that rate not only would be
likely to furnish revenue enough, with the public
lands, for an economical administration of the gov-
ernment, but, coupled as it wag with cash duties
and a home valuation, would incidentally afford a
large and e^ual protection against foreigners, to al!
the producing classes, and an ample one for any
business, which it would be profitable for the coun-
try, in its present position, to have prosecuted here.
Do any infer from this that I oppose the collec-
tion, in a proper way, of revenue enough in time of
peace to prevent running in debt (as we lately have
done) twenty-seven millions' or, however anxious
to relieve labor and the necessaries of life, to defray
all honest debts rather than resort to an odious eva-
sion by repudiation? or to sustain in due vigor all
the useful establishments of the country, with pub-
lic credit, public faith, and public honor? Far, fitr
from it. But collect it on revenue principles, and in
a true revenue way.
In the next place, the present tariff is bad as a rev-
enue measure, by attempting to collect more from
the owners and consumers of foreign imports than
an equal or proportionate burden on that kind of
property. Being often 60 to 100 per cent, in partic-
ular cases, and 37 per cent, on an average, it is
much higher than taxes on other property in socie-
ty, looking either to value or income. And,
though, under our double systems of government, I
do not contend that all the revenue for the general
government may not be collected from imports, if
it does not put them above 20 or 25 per cent—leav-
ing lands and other property to be taxed by the
States—yet imports should pay only a fair pro-
portion. It is another objection to this bill, as a fiscal
one, that if we are to receive under it all the revenue
its friends anticipate—we shall collect a larger
proportion of the moneyed taxes of the whole
country, from customs, than it is usual to col-
lect in most other governments. In France, only
about thirty millions of dollar's (or ^th of then-
whole income,) is collected from customs—over one
hundred and eighty millions being from other
sources; while in England, little over a third of
the whole taxes come from customs, and including
tithes and the poor rates, prabably not one-third.
But here, at least half of the whole would be derived
from customs—as all our moneyed taxes in the
States are not computed to average over one dollar
per head, or eighteen to twenty millions of dollars
in the aggregate. If you will then push our na-
tional expenses so high as not to be able to get suffi-
cient revenue at a rate of twenty or twenty-five per
cent, I say it is sound political cconomy to go for
the rest to the other sources of revenue, which the
constitution has conferred, and for that very pur-
pose, and to act, in this respect, as our fathers were
wont to do in 1794, 1798, and 1812.
But other and paramount objections to the present
tariff is, that it taxes articles of trade so high as to
tend to break up trade itself; that it taxes necessaries
higher than luxuries—as before explained that it
taxes the person in its operation, rather than proper-
ty or ability to pay; and in may cases, by one speci-
fic duty,colleets from the consumer, in middling or in-
digent circumstances, as large a tax on a coarser and
cheaper fabric—such as shoes, flannels, &c. worn by
them—as oil a finer and more costly one of the
same name, worn by the rich. The only effectual
mode of preventing partiality and oppression in such
bills is to fix a liberal maximum of twenty or twenty-
five per cent. Within that, the duty may well fluc-
tuate rather than be rigidly horizontal, if revenue
objects require and admit it; so as to relieve neces-
saries some, if practicable, and favor the needy
rather than wealthy, and graduate most, if not all,
duties on a scale ad valorem—so that the people can
know the true extent of their burdens, and each pay
only in proportion to the value of what he con-
sumes.
To illustrate the tendency of varying the amount
of duty on particular articles beyond a certain ordi-
nary and settled standaid for mere revenue, and on
revenue principles, do not gentlemen see, that if you
can depart from that, and go far abo^e it for protec-
tion to one class (such as the manufacturers) at the
expense of others, (the formers,) you may, asin Eng-
land, by the odious corn laws, depart from it for
the benefit of the land owners, and at the expense of
the manufacturers?
If such enormous high duties as disfigure the
present tariff can be imposed on particular articles
even for revenue, much less protection, do not all see
that ft door is also opened to equal if not greater ini us-
tfco another way? Cannot a few articles! I* thus
