CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
188
Inference might be drawn from what was beginning
to be said out of this House, through the puhlic
press of the country. He had this morning met
with an article in a paper published in this city, in
which he found language very similar to that which
they had just heard from the gentleman from South
Carolina. #
[The honorable gentleman here read the article,
which was understood to have been published in
the Spectator.]
Ho wished to God that Southern men, and North-
ern men, had reflected upon the danger of calling in
question the future existence of this Union. Would
to God they could return to the good old times in
which—as had been represented to him by his vene-
rable father, who was still living, and who served
during seven years of the revolutionary straggle—it
was considered sacrilegious even to advert to thepos-
sibility of a disunion of the States which compose
this glorious Republic. He trusted they would
never see "dissolution" written in mournful characters
upon the present monuments of our glory. He had
risen on this occasion for the purpose of invoking
gentlemen—if there was really such a spirit abroad
as had been represented by the gentlemen from
North Carolina, and as seemed to be indicated by
the closing remarks of the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Rhett,]—to reform that bitter
spirit. Southern gentlemen had expressed an un-
yielding determination to pursue the objects they
have in view, and a similar determination had been
expressed by gentlemen of the North. Unfortunate-
ly they had connected the question of abolition of
slavery, about which there was but very little dif-
ference of opinion at the North, (at least in the sec
tion from which he came,) from the opinions enter-
tained by the South, with another question about
which there would be much dispute, viz: the
question as to the right of petition. He would ad-
vise gentlemen to disconnect the two questions, and
leave the question of abolition to stand out in all its
black and native deformity. He was clearly of'
opinion that the abolitionists were drawing more
close what they were pleased to term the shackles
of slavery; that they were not ameliorating the con-
dition of the free men of color. And he was further
of opinion that, by adhering to the course they had
prescribed to themselves, Southern men were multi-
plying abolitionists, while those abolitionists were
effecting nothing towards ameliorating the condition
of free men of color or of slaves.
The CHAIR announced that the morning hour
had expired.
Mr. B1DLACK asked if he would have leave
to-morrow to continue his remarks; for he had been
cut off in the middle of a sentence, and he did not
know when it would end. [A laugh.] He would
prefer to proceed now; and, if permitted, he would
be as brief as possible.
The SP EAKER said it would not be in order.
The House then resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole, (Mr. Winthrop m the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the reference of that
portion of the President's message relating to the
IMPROVEMENT OP THE WESTERN WATERS.
Mr. RATHBUN, being entitled to the floor, ad-
dressed the committee. The question, he said, had
occupied a comsideiable time, and perhaps it had
been sufficiently discussed already. Some reasons,
however, had occurred to him during the progress
of the discussion, against the reference of tins sub-
ject to a select committee, which he desired to sub-
mit to the consideration of this committee. He was
opposed to the reference of a matter of this kind to
a select committee; because, if they did so in tiiis
instance, they would be bound to do the same in
other cases. If they were to have a select committee
for Western rivers, by the same rule Northern gen-
tlemen would have a right to demand a select com-
mittee for objects of improvement in the North;
and instead of having a united and thorough ex-
amination, by one committee, of all these interests,
they would have sectional interests, coming in colli-
sion, each striving to supersede the other. He was
opposed to reducing objects of national interest to
questions of a sectional or local character.
When Western gentlemen contended for its refer-
ence to a select committee, they greatly mistook
their true course. The moment they asked its ref-
erence to a select committee, that moment they ar-
rayed againstit all the strength-of all other interests
in the Union. With regard to the magnitude and
importance of that section of the country
to which their proposed improvements especially
referffed, and which had been so highly eulogized
by gentlemen on that floor, he had only to say, he
admitted its importance to the fullest extent. But it
was not a local question; it was a question of higher
importance; it was a question of national importance;
and the honor of exclusive interest in that great
question must not be arrogated to themselves by
gentlemen from the West; it was participated in by all
who belonged to the empire through which the great
father of rivers flowed. A gentleman who had
spoken early upon this question, had complained
to the House that, for years past, justice had been
denied to the people of the West; and because jus-
tice had been denied them, they were determined
now to carve out for themselves such appropriations
as they thought right and proper; and before they
would consent to receive that justice in connexion
with other portions of the Union, they would post-
pone it for ten years longer; and then they would
force the House to grant what the gentleman was
now unwilling to receive by the assistance and lib-
erality of gentlemen from other portions of the
Union. He doubted whether the gentleman
would find himself sustained in that position by his
constituency. If they did really feel that they had
been wronged, he thought they would hardly be
willing to wait for ten years more to accommodate
the gentleman. He thought they would prefer that
justice should be done now by those who were wil-
ling and able to do it. But the gentleman, speaking
of New York, had told them that, in comparison
with the valley of the Mississippi, it was altogether
insignificant; that he could put New York m his
breeches pocket; and as for the Hudson river, it was
but a spring Stream. Gentlemen from New York
did not come here to be informed of the size of the •
Hudson river, nor of the comparative size of New
York and the valley of the Mississippi; nor the rela-
tive size of either to the gentleman's breeches pocket.
It would be necessary, however, that the gentleman
should have a pretty large pocket, as well as an
empty one. It was no part of the duty of Repre-
sentatives from New York to boast of or eulogize the
State they represent; it needed no eulogy; it would
be enough to say, (what everybody must know
already,) that the State of New York contains
about one-sixth part of the whole number of
inhabitants of the Union; that she pays primarily
more than one-half of the revenue of this Govern-
ment, derived from foreign commerce, and ultimate-
ly more than a sixth of that revenue. If an appro-
priation were made for the improvement of the
Western waters, that State, which the gentleman
talked about putting in his breeches pocket, would
have to pay about a sixth part of the whole expend-
iture; and not only that, but of eveiy apjiropriation
that was made, even the gentleman's per diem and
travelling expenses. And was it not the manifest
interest of the State of New York, that the waters
of the West should be improved?
But the gentleman fiom Indiana said that the
West would help herself—that the East would not
be permitted to come in and help her. Now, this
was a position the gentleman had no right to as-
sume; and it was not good policy for a Western
man to take that ground. All the various parts of
this Union were so intimately connectcd, that the
interests of one were the interests of all; and the
East would as readily support Western interests as
her own. Mr. R. made a statement of the com-
merce and tonnage of New York employed on the
Hudson, and the lakes connected with it by the
Erie canal, and compared it with that of New Or-
leans employed 011 the Mississippi; not with the
view of disparaging the latter, but to show the im-
portance of the former, and the claim it had on the
fostering car&of the Government.
One of his colleagues remarked yesterday, that,
by the estimates, it appeared that $8,000,000
would be required for the improvement of the
Western waters; and he was liberal enough to say
that, if $15,000,000 were required, he was ready to
vote that appropriation, even it they had to borrow
the money. He (Mr. R.) would not do so. He
had an utter abhorrencc, 111 time of peace, to con-
tracting a public debt, which must sooner or later
come on the backs of the people for liquidation. If
he was correctly informed, we had already a public
debt of §30,000.000, on which we pay a million and
a half of dollars annually; and he would not consent
to add to that $30,000,000 the sum of $15,000,000
more, or any other sum. He would vote for 110
such appropriation; but he would tell Western gen-
tlemen what they might do: they might reduce the
public expenditures; they might put a stop to much
waste and profligate expenditure in the variou.frte"
partments of this Government," and thus money
might be spared to effect the Western improvements
which were required. They might take a little'from
their own daily remuneration for the same puiposes.
He was next proceeding to speak of the operation of
the tariff in its production of revenue, when he was
informed that his hour had expired.
Mr. THOMASSON, in .the course of some re-
marks which he offered, said, if he could have an-
ticipated that such a debate would have sprung up
on this subject, he should have been deterred from
offering his resolution. He considered the debate
almost useless on the mere question of reference.
He argued that the reference should be to a commit-
tee that understood the subject, and had an interest
in it; and, if the gentlemen who felt interested in the
Hudson or any other river would bring forward
their proposition in a distinct shape, and make
their case clear, it should have his support., On the
Mississippi, however, there was need for immediate
appropriations, to prevent the great destruction of
property which was annually sacrificed, in conse-
quence of the negleet with which it had been treat-
ed; and all they now asked was a committee, and
afterwards for a free and unbiased vote: and he
should vote in the same spirit for appropriations for
other parts of the Union.
Mr. TILDEN next obtained the floor; but he
gave way for a motion to rise, and the committee ac-
cordingly rose, and reported progress.
COLONIZATION SOCIETY.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL said it had been usual to
grant the Colonization Society the use of the House
of Representatives for its annual meeting; he there-
fore moved that it be granted for the use of that
society on Tuesday evening next.
The SPEAKER put the question; and there were in
the affirmative 64, and in the negative 18, which was
less than a quorum. Tellers were demanded, but
not ordered; and, without disposing of the motion,
The House adjourned.
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day, were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
By Mr. STEENROD: Petition of the citizens of
Philippa, Barbour county, Virginia, asking an in-
crease of mail service: referred to the Committee 011
the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. DUNLAP: Petition of Sampson B. Lord, .
and 9,640 others, citizens of Maine and New Hamp-
shire, praying for the construction of a dry dock at
the navy-yard, near Portsmouth, New Hampshire:
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. TYLER: Petition of William Madison,
and others, praying for the erection of a light-house
at the mouth of Cattaraugus creek. New York, and
for the prosecution of the unfinished works at that
place. Also, the petition of Artemas Morton, and_
others, praying for the same. Also, the petition ot
A. R. Avery, and others, praying for the same.
By C. M. REED: Two petitions from citizens of
Erie, praying an appropriation for continuing the
public work on the harbor at Erie, Pennsylvania.
Also, the petition of the Rev. O. B. Call, and other
citizens of Potter county, Pennsylvania, against the
annexation of Texas to this Union.
By Mr. FICKLIN: Petition of A. Badolett, and
273 other citizens of Lawrence county, Illinois,
praying a grant of a portion of the unsold lands ly-
mgwithin the Palistine,Vincenncs, and Shawneetown
districts, for the improvement of the navigation of
the Wabash river, from Terre Haute, (the terminus
of the Wabash and Erie canal,) to its junction with
the Ohio river: referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals. . . .
By Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin: Petition of the
members of the Legislative Assembly of the Terri-
tory of Wisconsin, and the citizens of Portage coun-
ty, in said Territory, asking Congress for an appro-
priation for surveying, marking, and working on a
road from Port  to the Big Bull I-alls, on
the Wisconsin river: referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals. Also, a memorial of the citizens of
Green county, Territory of Wisconsin, asking Con-
gress for an appropriation for a harbor at the town
of Southport, in said Territory: referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce. .
By Mr. BOYD: Proceedings of a meeting of the
citizens of Paducah, Kentucky, in favor of that
town, as the most suitable for the location of the na-
tional armory.
