136
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
By Mr. PISH: Petition of Francis Sommeraner,
an invalid soldier, for a pension.
By Mr. HARPER: Petition of J. C. Guthrie and
74 other citizens, of George Swingle and 26 other
citizens, all of Muskingum county, Ohio, praying
a reduction of the rates of postage: referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, the petition of the same citizens, praying a re-
duction of the expenses of the Government of the
United States: referred to the Committee on Re-
trenchment.
By Mr. POTTER, of Ohio: Petition of Eliza
Pickrell, administratrix of John Pickrell, deceased,
for the payment of claims against the Shawnee In-
dians: referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Petition from citizens of Williams county, Ohio,
praying for a reduction of the price of Congress
lands in that county: referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands. Petition from Charles Young,
of Ohio, for a pension as a soldier of the last war
with Great Britain: referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions. Also, a resolution of the General
Assembly of the State of Ohio, instructing the Sena-
tors, and requesting the Representatives from that
State to use their influence to procure a repeal of
the law of last winter, removing the summer term
of the United States circuit court from Columbus
to Cincinnati: referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
By Mr. KING, of New York: Petition of the
inhabitants of New York for a law to abolish the
franking privilege, and reduce the rates of postage.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 13, 1844.
The journal of yesterday was read and approved.
On motion of Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, the use
of the hall was granted to the Colonization Society,
for the purpose of holding a meeting, on Tuesday
next-
On motion of Mr. T. SMITH, the following
resolution was adopted:
Resolved, That the petition and papers of Benja-
min Franklin, praying a pension as an ordinary sea-
man on board the United States frigate President in
the year 1801, be taken from the files of the House,
and referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
together with a letter from Commodore James Bar-
ron in relation to the same subject.
On motion of Mr. J. A. WRIGHT, the follow-
ing resolution was adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to communicate to this House any com-
munication he may have received from the State of
Indiana relative to the selection of lands for the con-
tinuation of the Wabash and Erie canal west of
Lafayette, Indiana, with any correspondence on file
on that subject.
Mr. RELFE introduced the following bills; which
were referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims:
A bill to authorize the location of the land claims
of Antoine Vasquez and others, confirmed by the
act of 4th July, 1836; and
A bill to continue in force the act Cor the final ad-
justment of private land claims in Missouri, ap-
proved July, 1832.
Mr. PHCENIX submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies over one day, under the rule:
Resolved, That the Secrcrary of State be directed
to report to this House any information that may
have been received at the Department of State in
relation to the prosecution of the contraband opium
trade on the coast of China, by vessels under the
American flag; also, if such trade has been par-
ticipated in, or countenanced by, oily of the consulai
or other agents of the United States.
And further, to communicate to this House if such
instructions have been given to the nmuster, con-
sular, or other agents of the United States, as will
be calculated to aid the authorities of that country
in suppressing a traffic so justly obnoxious to the
Chinese Government.
Mr. JAMESON introduced the following bill,
and moved its reference to the Committee on Public
Lands:
A bill to establish a permanent prospective pre-
emption system in favor of actual settlers on the
public lands. It was referred.
Mr SLIDELL introduced "A bill to exempt from
into duty cotton imported the United States from
Texas."
Mr. TIBBATTS, in pursuance of notice hereto-
fore given, introduced a bill for the abolishment of
imprisonment for debt within the District of (Colum-
bia.
Mr. ADAMS inquired if this bill had been re-
ported by the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia.
Mr. TIBBATTS replied that the bill was intro-
duced by himself, and not reported by the commit-
tee.
Mr. ADAMS again inquired whether it was the
gentleman's intention to refer the bill to that com-
mittee.
Mr. TIBBATTS replied that he was indifferent
whether it went to that or the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. ADAMS again inquired whether this was the
same bill which was before the House twenty
years ago, and which had been brought in by a
gentleman from one of the slave States.
Mr. TIBBATTS replied that it was not.
And, after some further conversation, the bill was
referred to the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia.
MILITARY LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. TIBBATTS, on leave, also introduced a bill
further to extend the time for locating military land
warrants, and returning surveys thereon to the Gen-
eral Land Office: read twice, and referred.
On motion of Mr. SIMONS, it was
Resolved, That a select committee of five be ap-
pointed to examine into the subject of engraving,
lithographing, and printing of maps ordered or exe-
cuted by order of the 26th and 27th Congress, and
report the amount paid, and any frauds or collusions
that may be discovered in execution of said work.
Mr. PRATT gave notice that he would, on to-
morrow, or some future day, introduce a bill to es-
tablish a branch mint in the city of New York.
Also, gave notice that he would, on to-morrow,
or some future day, introduce a bill to alter the pres-
ent naturalization law; forjudges of county and dis-
trict courts to grant certificates of naturalization,
after filing a copy with the clerks of the county.
Mr. McKAY, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, reported a bill to supply a deficiency in the
appropriation for the fiscal year ending the 30th
June, 1844, for the relief and protection of American
seamen, and moved its reference to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union; which mo-
tion was agreed to.
Mr. McKAY then moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the State of
the Union for the purpose of taking up this bill for
consideration.
Mr. A DAMS called for the order of the day.
The SPEAKER observed that the motion to go
into Committee of the Whole could not be enter-
tained i>.t this time withouta suspension of the rules.
Mr. McKAY moved their suspension.
Mr. ADAMS said theie would be abundance of
time to go into Committee of the Whole after the
first order had been disposed of.
The SPEAKER remarked that the question was
not debatable.
Mr. ADAMS called for the yeas and nays; but
the call not being seconded, they were not ordered.
The question on the suspension of the rules was
then put, and carried.
The rules being suspended, the House then, on
Mr. McKAY'S motion, resolved itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole, (Mi. Wilkins in the chair,) and
proceeded to the consideration of the said bill.
Mr. McKAY explained the object of the bill, and
sent to the chair two communications from the Sec-
retary of State; which were read by the Clerk.
Mr. McK. having made a few additional re-
marks iu explanation of the bill, moved that the
committee lise and report it to the House; which
motion was carried.
The bill was then, after being ordered to be en-
grossed, lead the third time, and passed.
CHIPPEWA TREATY.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, reported a bill explanatory of the
treaty made with the Chippewa Indians at Saginaw,
the 23d January, 1838; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
REPORT ON THE RULES.
Mr. ADAMS having called for the orders of the
day—
The SPEAKER announced the first business in
order to be the report of the Select Committee on
the Rules; the question being on the motion of Mr.
Dromgoole to recommit the report.
Mr. BIDLACK, who had the floor from yester-
day, said that he was in favor of the recommitment
of the report, but without instructions. He had
not only heretofore uniformly voted in favor of rules
of this description, but on all questions when mo-
tions to lay this whole subject on the table, he had
voted for them also. He had been willing to abide
by the rules of the last House, as amended at this
session, rather than have this subject further agitated
or discussed; and be regretted that he did not find
more unanimity among Southern gentlemen upon
motions to lay the whole subject upon the table.
He was anxious to avoid all discussion; but since
the South, or a great portion of its members, appear-
ed to be disposed to have this question discussed,
he thought it to be his duty to review the grounds on
which, at the last Congress, he had gone with them in
support of that rule. When he had the honor of ad-
dressing the House yesterday, he expresed his regret
at the manner in which this subject had been discuss-
ed, and the manner in which these discussions had
been spoken of out of doors, and in the public prints.
In what position (said Mr. B.) do we find our-
selves? Here from the North, we are told that we
must receive these petitions; that if we do not, we
refuse a great constitutional right; and if that con-
stitutional right is refused, it must result in a disso-
lution of the Union. On the other hand, we hear
a voice from the South, declaring that if these peti-
tions are to be received—if th(f right of petition to
this extent is admitted, that, Union or no Union, it
must be resisted. Now, when such declarations
were made by men of ultra feelings, what should
be the proper course to be pursued? Some were
disposed to carry out their purposes, without any
compromise, at the expense of the Union, while at
the same time they professed the greatest love for
the Union. This seemed to him to be what might
be termed killing the Constitution with kindness.
He had said yesterday, that it was in view of this
state of the case that all moderate men should
pause, and endeavor to get the North and the South
to meet on this question, and see if there was no way
in which this matter could be compromised. He
was going yesterday to say to the abolitionists of the
North, that, however honest they might be in then-
intentions, they had effected nothing in carrying
them out. He was going to say to them, that before
they arrested the constitutional action of the States
by these abolition movements, they were going on
in the work of emancipation: but he would not
stop to argue that part of the question. He was
their movements to ameliorate the condition or enlarge
about to observe, also, that they had done nothing by
the liberties or privileges of the free men of color.
He needed, on this point, only to refer to one fact,
which happened in his own district. Since he had
been in pxiblic life (and he was yet but a young
man) free men of color in his district had exercised
the most enlarged privileges which any freeman
could enjoy; to wit, the right of suffrage. Yes,
many men of color had he seen go to the polls in
the town in which he resided, and deposite their
votes against him. He had doubted their right to
do so; and they exercised their right to vote against
him for doubting their right; but these abolition
movements had created such a reaction on that sub-
ject, that the constitution of his State was so amend-
ed that the right of suffrage was denied to them.
Previous to that amendment of the constitution,
they exercised the right of suffrage; and in some in-
stances, where the judges and inspectors of the
elections lefused it to them, I hey prosecuted these
officers, and the courts convicted them. The mat-
ter was carried up to the Supreme Court upon an
appeal; but before a decision was finally had, it was
settled by the amendment of the constitution he had
just stated. He would not, however, stop to refer
to any more facts on this subject, his desire being
principally to have the car of Southern gentlemen on
one point. He desired to have them to understand,
that, though he had acted with them heretofore, it was
not from any conviction that it was the best policy;
and experience had since convinced him that it was
not. Previous to the adoption of the 21nt rule, there
was very little countenance given to abolition m the
State of Pennsylvania; and he might refer to abun-
dant evidence in proof of that fact. Why, before
that time there was, so far as he was informed, but
one abolitionist in the place in which he resided—
he knew of no other—and that one was unable to
make any converts. For the purpose of endeavor-
mg to do so, he sent into a neighboring State for a
celebrated lecturer on abolition; and when he ar-
rived at the town in which he (Mr. B.) resided, the
