150
2$rH Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The Tariff—Mr. Woodbury.
Feb. 1844.
Senate.
because they rose generally from 1795 to 1815,
and fell generally from 1815 to 1842, that this pro-
ceeded at all from lower duties in the first period,
or higher ones in the second. The fact as to duties
was in most cases directly the reverse. No, sir, the
trite and general causes of a fall in prices are, first, a
greater quantity.of the article produced, "without a
greater demand; whether produced in agriculture by
more fertile seasons, better manures or tools; or in
manufactures by improved machinery, with chem-
ical discoveries; or in both, by more hands released
from war and other unproductive employments, and
devoted to either of those pursuits. And secondly,
by a contraction of the amount of the currency,
whether paper or specie, by which the price is meas-
ured. While a rise happens by the reverse of these,
or an addition to the tax or expense in making the
articles, or the opening of new and better markets.
Hence, if a fall occurs from one of the first causes,
it would be still greater if none of the last intervene
to counteract it in any degree—such as a higher duty,
an expansion in the currency, or a new market. But
these last may, and do in some cases, not coun-
teract it entirely; and then the cry is, that the higher
duty lowers the price, when in fact the other causes
exist and lower it; and would make it lower still,
but for the higher duty.
How unphilosophical it is, likewise, when good,
pertinent, and long-established causes exist to lower
prices, to hunt for another cause, not certain or
rational, and conjure that up as the true one.
But enough on the reasoning connected with this
fallacy, so wide, and so pervading the ranks of the
friends to high protection, and which, if removed,
the whole fabric must totter to its base. How are the
recorded facts no less than the reasoning? Not a sin-
gle case here and there, and for a month or a year; but
how, on both continents, and for a long series of
years, and as to numerous articles? I havebefore me
various schedules of prices current, both in England
and America. They all show conclusively that since
1795, from the causes first named, agricultural
products in England have generally risen, though
the highest duties have been imposed there for
their protection—they, rather than manufactures,
being there the pets or favorites for protection with
the great landed gentry and aristocracy, that fill the
two Houses of Parliament. At the same time, they
show that, from the first named causes, and especial-
ly improvements m machinery and in chemistry,
manufactures have fallen in price—and this when
the duty was low, as well as when high. (See. ta-
bles 7 and 8.)
Indeed, the difference between the official and real
valuation of exports there, which indicates on the
public and authentic records the changes in price
since 1G90, shows that the wliole, from various
causes, have fallen in the aggregate something like
58 per cent. The writer before me says:
"We have taken out of the list of exports the lead-
ing articles of agricultural produce for three years,
(1840, 1841, 1842,) the value of winch we find
would have been, in 1694, (one hundred and fifty
years ago,) <£1,557,993; but which have now in-
creased to a value of <*'3,778,321, being an advancc
in price of 143 per cent.
"We h.tvealso taken out sonic of the leading arti-
cles of manufactures for the same time, the value of
which we find would have been, in 1694, <€207,-
(536,717; but which are now reduced to a value of
<*'107,173,382, being a rcduct ion of prim of' CO per
cent. Thus showing lhat, while manufactured ^oods
and minerals have fallen considerably more tl'ian a
half, agricultural produce has much more thmi
doubled its -\ahie. #
"Butler and cheese h«uc risen in pike, during
th-it period, J93 per cent.
"Com, floui, &c. ha\en>en l(jl per cent.
"Cows have risen in pricc 5209 per tent.
"Horses have risen in -price -i67 per cent.
"Wool has risen in price 169 per cent.
"While cotton manufactures have fallen in price,
during that period, 73 per cent.
"Coals have fallen in price (10 per cent.
"Iron and steel have fallen in price 45 pci rent.
"Linen manufactures have iUllcn in price 36 per
cent.
"And, what is very curious, while wool has risen
169 per cent., woollen manufactures have fallen 10
percent, m price.**—Economic, ,Yov. 4, 1843.
In the United States, prices current in Boston and
New Vork, for a long series of years, as to numerous
articles, have likewise been examined. They show
•a general fall in price here of agricultural articles, not
£>revented entirely even under an expanded currency
in 1814 and 1836. But this fall has occurred,from
great and cheap production, on our cheap^ and
fertile, and extensive soil; and could not happen from
high protective duties, they having been low on such
agricultural products as are much imported, or en-
tirely free on several of them.
These tables showed, further, a fall in some man-
ufactured articles where the duties ranged high, and
in others where low. But this fall manifestly hap-
pened from improvements in machinery and steam,
(the great and distinguishing features of the age,)
or from new mines opened; and in spite of high du-
ties rather than being their consequences. Think
you, sir, that a minimum duty on cottons here has
caused the fall in their price in both Europe and
America, rather than the inventions of Arkwright in
spinning-, or Cartwright in weaving, or Watts in
steam—any more than the duty here on the raw
material has caused its fall two-thirds, rather than
the wonderful cotton gin of Whitney, and our ex-
uberant soil? The tables compiled from McCulloch,
Tooke, and the prices current in New York, are at
the service of any senator. (Nos. 7,8 to 11.) I shall
not repeat their detai's; but merely state, as most
striking refutations of the theory on the other side,
that in England, the manufactured article of salt-
petre has fallen more than most others, viz: from
135 shillings per hundred weight in 1795, to 21 shil-
lings in 1838, though on a low duty; and log-wood
from 11 shillings per ton to 7, though free; and
salt from 6 shillings, and during war 19 shillings,
to only 1 shilling and 3 pence^ in 1838, though
then entirely free. The first was manifestly
caused by improvements in chemistry, and new dis-
coveries; and the two last, as in this country, from
new and greater supplies combined with lower du-
ties there, and in spite of high ones here on the
great condiment of life.
The tables in 2d Tooke, 390 p., (edition 1838,)
show further that the price of timber has risen un-
der a rising duty, and tobacco not. risen nor fallen,
though taxed with a duty computed by the chair-
man at 2,000 per cent One would suppose the last
lngh enough, on his theory, to make the price fall
next to nothing.
Here plaster of Paris, though free, and not a
manufacture, has fallen as much or more than others,
viz: from #20 per ton m 1811 to only $2 25 in 1844;
and, of course, from other causes than high duties.
Indeed, out of two hundred and sixteen articles on
which prices had fallen, some years since—as large
a number were ascertained by the late inquisitive
Condy Raguet to be such as were free or on a low
duty, as on a high—thus indicating, with unerring
certainty, the great and general operation of other
causcs. All can remember how the price of sugar
fell a few years ago here under a falling duty, and how
it has risen again like the Vermont wool, and cord-
age, and cottons, under a higher duty. Not that
all articles are falling or rising in all cases, entirely
from the change in duty, but always higher than
they otherwise would be if a duty exists, and lower
than they otherwise would be if one dees not exist.
Indeed, the great advocate of the protective system
(Mr. Clay) at last virtually conceded away this
whole ground in 1832, by expressing a willingness
to reduce several of the high duties so as to relieve
the consumption, of the country; but which could not
be thus relieved unless high duties had made prices
higher—-proving, in theso ways, the position that
prices of articles ore usually made higher to the ex-
tent ot the duty. It then follows that the consumer
of such articles is usually obliged to pay as much
more Jor them on that account. Such is the plain
common ^cn^eot the ease. Such is the doctrine of all
the leading economists abroad, as well as of Frank-
lin; and e\en Hamilton was forced to admit that this
was oftenest the case, and when not so, the increase
fell on the merchant, and was still more ruinous
to him. (See Fcduah^t before cited.) Mr. Dallas
entertained a like idea. (JSee report, February,
18lt>. And it can never fall on the foreign produ-
cer any longer than to affect his present stock in a
lew eases, till he reduces hiy production, and thus
prevents a glut.
It then follows that, as a general principle, the en-
hanced price of the foreign article, and al^o of the
domestic article, is paid by the consumer- This,
we havc_ already show n, equals here now, be-
yond a lair re\enuo, about forty-tiiree millions of
dollars yearly; and as the manufacturers constitute
but one-eleventh of the whole, ten-elevenths of it is
paid by other consumers, and for the benefit of that
one-eleyenth. As most of these others belong to
the agricultural classes, they being nc?r three-fourths
of all our population, the great mass of this enor-
mous burden is thrown on them, and must induce
them in time, as the real facts are well understood,
to demolish the whole system of partial protection,
and require, as some of us do now, tKat a tariff for
such protection be corrected, without unnecessary
delay. What does it amount to per head yearly,
including their families? Over two dollars to each
man, woman and child, on an average. What, in
the gross, are the present duties on a few separtrte
articles of great, vital, and universal necessity? On
iron, at 951bs. per head, it is 500,000,0001bs. for our
whole population, now twenty millions of people;
and the tax on this, at only three cents per pound, is
fifteen millions of dollars, ten-elevenths of which is
paid by others than the manufacturers. On sugar,
at 14 pounds per head, at 2| cents duty per pound,
the tax is seven millions of dollars more; and on salt
alone, without going into other articles, it is, at a
bushel per head, quite a million and a half of dol-
lars.
As an illustration how this presses on my own
State, with a population of about 300,000, and the
large mass of them farmers, the tax for iron alone
equals $225,000, or four times the amount of the
whole State tax; on sugar §109,000 more; and on
salt $24,000—making, on only three articles, an ag-
gregate of more than a third of a million, and near
seven times the whole of what is technically our
State tax. None of our population get relieved from
this, except the few who make of these articles as
much as they consume. All can see, in a moment,
how this prevents the consumer from being able to
buy, or enjoy, or lay up so much, with the same,
money and means, as he otherwise could; for, by
the rise of price, he gets but three or four pounds of
iron, sugar, &e., for the same money or value of
produce, where before he got fire, the cost of the dif-
ference going to the manufacturer and the revenue.
The whole Union, as consumers, and, so far as not
makers of such articles, feel the discriminating op-
pression, and are thus, in the North as well as the
South, the East and the Middle States, as well as the
giant West, all suffering under its unequal bearing
by means of the present tariff.
But look at another aspect of the inquiry, as af-
fecting the producing classes. The producer is
usually a farmer, or planter, or manufacturer
though those connected with the, Inst class are only
about a million and a half to twelve millions and
three-fourths connected with the two former. Now,
if the producer* has to pay forty per cent, more on
many indispensable articles which he consumes, it
will soon be manifest that, unless a manufacturer,
and thus indemnified, he suffers doubly under this
system, and especially as compared with any other
consumer.
I shall not now enter into any technical reasoning
about what is callcd t]\e forty-bale theory; though it
would be troublesome to defeat by argument the co-
gent reasoning of the senator before me, [Mr. Mc-
Duffie.] But this much is demonstrable, that such
producers are first burdened and injured by the
higher price of what they consume. Whether
they purchase it here with money, or bring it home
in exchange or what they" produce and send
abroad, the consequence is the same, that they ge
less in amount for consumption; and when it i3
argued that, in sucn a case, they had better not use
foreign articles so raised in once, but bring home
money, pray what is to be done witn the money.'-—
not eaten nor worn, but some of it exchanged here
or necessaries or luxuries; and. whether of domestic
or foreign manufacture, enhanct- d in price so that he
cannot procure or enjoy so many of them. It is
this excessive tccation, in all possible ways, on the
p/oducer in England, tint tempts Pailiament to con
tinue the corn-lav/ duties, with a view to remunerate
the agriculturist, by higher prices, tnus caused, for
his great staples. And yet, after all that, having, (as
he has almost,) a monopoly of food, he grinds the
laborer into riots and incendiarism; while the manu
facturer, not so much the pet there, works so near
the minimum pricc necessary to sustain life, that a
bad harvest, and rise in food, or arise in cotton, and
a glut of markets, so as to diminish manufacturing,
throws millions upon public charity for their daily
bread. Much of those trying evils arise from ex-
cessive taxation, in various ways, and especially
high duties on corn—some bearing 011 one kind of
pi oduce, and some on another, anci all fall there on
the humiliated laborer, whether engaged in man-
ufacture or agriculture. The relief there, as well as
here, is the great problem; and it is to be found in
reducing, and not raising, taxation; and furnishing
