138
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
"Congress shall make no law respecting an es-
tablishment of religion, or prohibiting the free ex-
ercise thereof, or abridging the freedom of speech or
of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to
assemble, and to petition the Government for a re-
dress of grievances."
Now, how came this clause to he inserted in the
Constitution? was the first object of inquiry to which
the attention of the House should be directed. Why,
Mr. Story (an authority which he thought would be
deemed sufficient by every man on that floor) said
this provision was probably derived from the decla-
tion of rights in England m 1688.
[The honorable gentleman here read an extract
from an abridgment of Story's Commentaries on the
Constitution, page 707, which we intended to have
published from the work itself; but were unable to
procure either the book or the extract.]
He would go back to English history; for he
wished to bring the attention of the House to the
causes which induced the framers of the Constitu-
tion to introduce such a provision into that instru-
ment. He intended to show, before he sat down,
that, even in England, long aft®- the bill of rights
was established in that country, they had rejected
petitions. And he intended also to show examples
on the part of the other branch of this Legislature
to the same effect: one case in particular; where,
on motion of Mr. Jay himself, a petition in regard
to removals from office was rejected.
The honorable gentleman from South Carolina
had yesterday enumerated some of the cases which
£ave rise to that particular clause in the Constitution.
The gentleman had gone back to English history,
and read from Hawkins's Pleas of the Crown,
in regard to the riot act, and cited case after case,
and precedent after precedent, in order to fortify the
position he had assumed before their honorable
body. The riot act, of which the gentleman spoke,
existed at the time of the American Revolution, and
hundreds had been "maimed and murdered at that
time under the sanction of that very act; and it was
this fact which induced the framers of the Constitu-
tion to incorporate the clause respecting the right of
petition, which lias been so greatly misun-
derstood by gentlemen oil that floor. Mr. 13.
went on to show that, after the bill of rights was
granted to the subjects of Great Britain, it was a
common practice to reject petitions; and that, as late
as 170(>, tlieie was a rule to this effect:
"That this House will receive no petition for any
sum of money relating to public service, but what is
lecommended from the Crown."
Our foiefathers, when tliey incorporated this pro-
vision, intended to leniedy the evils which they fore-
saw from the lights of experience. They intended
not to allow the people of this country to place upon
the table of tills House whatever petitions they
might please, and have the House act upon them;
but I hey intended to keep them from the pams and
j>eiMlties of the law. That was what they intended.
This House, he thought, could not make for itself a
law upon this matter.
The SPEAKER announced that the morning hour
had expired.
Air. CAVE JOHNSON moved that the House go
into Committee of the Whole; but withdrew the mo-
tion to allow the introduction of the following bills:
A bill tor the relief of John W Allen and Reuben
Allen, introduced by Mr. SAMPLE, and lefeired
in the Committee on Private Land Claims.
cumberland road.
Mr. OWEN, from the Committee on Roads and
Canals, reported House bill No. JO, providing for the
continuation of the Cumberland road, and a bridge
over the Ohio at Wheeling, recommending its pas-
sage, with the appropriations reduced to seventy-five
thousand dollars for the part of the road in each of
the States of Indiana and Illimos, and fifty thousand
dollars in Ohio: referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the State 'if thy Union.
reference of the president's message.
Mr. CAYE JOHNSON moved that the message
be taken out of Committee of the Whole to-morrow at
two o'clock, for the purpose of voting upon the va-
rious propositions to refer; and for this purpose he
also moved a suspension of the rules.
This motion was opposed by Messrs. J. B. IN-
GERSOLL and SEYMOUR.
Mr. ADAMS inquired whether it was not in the
power of the Committee of the Whole to make a
report in reference to those motions on which they
were agreed, leaving those which were undecided to
be discussed.
The CHAIR, was of opinion that the committee
might report in part.
Mr. ADAMS said he hoped, then, the gentleman
from Tennessee would withdraw his motion to take
the subject out of committee.
Mr. JOHNSON jsaid he would take great pleasure
in complying with the gentleman's wish, if he could
see any good which would result from a further dis-
cussion at this time, because any one of the subjects
contained in the message would necessarily come up
again, and be again debated.
Upon the motion to suspend the rules, the yeas
and nays were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 92, nays 75.
LAND TITLES IN ARKANSAS.
Mr. CROSS, in pursuance of notice given, and on
leave, introduced a bill supplementary to the act en-
titled, An act to settle the title to certain tracts of
land in Arkansas, approved the 11th August, 1840:
read twice, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
IMPROVEMENT Of WESTERN NAVIGATION.
On motion by Mr. STEENROD, the House re-
solved itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the State of the Union, (Mr. Winthrop, of Massa-
chusetts, in the chair,) and resumed the considera-
tion of the subject of the reference of the President's
message; the question before the House being on the
resolution to refer the subject of the improvement
of the Western waters to a select committee.
Mr. T1LDEN of Ohio, who had the floor, ob-
served that his object in rising wal not to enter into
the wide field of discussion which some gentlemen
had been indulging themselves in, but to submit a
few remarks on the simple question of reference,
more for the purpose of explaining the vote he
should give, than of replying to the remarks of
others. He could not agree that the Western mem-
bers were unanimous in support of the resolution of
the gentleman from Kentucky. He, for one, could
not give it his support. He could see no good rea-
son in giving the subject the direction that resolution
proposed, in submitting it to a select committee; nor
did the facts, which gentlemen who were in favor of
it relied on in support of the lesolution, satisfy him
tluit such a reference would tend to the promotion of
Western interests any more than the adoption of
the original resolution. What were the reasons
which had been urged in support of the resolution.
Every topic usually discussed ill congressional de-
bates, had been brought into discussion; the army—
the navy—the military academy—the comparative
commerce of the Eastern and Western waters,—all
these had been discussed, but he did not recollect to
have lieaid a single reason urged to show that it
was either necessary or proper tu lelei this matter
to a select committee, instead of the appiopriatc
standing committee of the House, unless it was the
one offered by the honorable mover yesterday, viz:
that such a reference would gi\ e them a committee
more intimately acquainted with the subject than
any other could possibly be. He would concedc
that his Western friends might have a superior
knowledge of the facts connected with the subject,
but then, again, it required no great labor of investiga-
tion to get at all the details necessary to present a
proper lepoit to the House. The facts ere few,
simple, and obvious, and could be collected by any
one of the committees of the House. Why, the
honorable member himself, before lie resumed Ins
seat, gave facts enough to justify any committee
to whom this subject might be referred, to
go to any extent of appropriations for the
important objects referred to in this part of
the President's message iliat might be necessary to
complete the improvements contemplated. More-
over, it was not to be presumed that that gentleman
alone was m possession of all the information on
the subject necessary for the action of the commit-
tee. 1 here were other gentlemen in the House who !
were in possession of important and interesting
facts, which they had collected with great care, in
reference to the commerce of the West, the obstruc-
tions in its way, and the means of removing them.
He believed that the navigation of our Western
rivers, and harbors of our Western lakes, had been
much neglected by Congress for some years past,
and that there was a pressing necessity for
appropriations for their protection and improve-
ment; but he did not believe that they would now
suffer from any want of knowledge of facts on
the part of any committee. He therefore sin-
cerely hoped, as a Western man, that this
amendment would not prevail. He hoped that
the gentleman who submitted it would consent
to withdraw it, and let the subject be referred to the
Committee on Commerce; believing that a report
from one of the standing committees would have
more weight than one from a select committee of
members whose constituents were interested in the
question. The gentlemen on the former committee
had all manifested as much regard for Western in-
terests as any Western men. Therefore, he was
perfectly willing to trust the subject in their hands.
He believed that a majority of the members there
regarded the improvement of the Western waters
as an important part of the national policy; and
though these waters had hitherto failed to command
that attention from Congress that they deserved, he
felt assured that the time had now arrived when
they would no longer be neglected.
He hoped the question would not assume a sec-
tional shape or a party character; for it could result
in no good to the people of the West or of any other
part of this Union. It was a national measure; and,
as such, he desired that it should be submitted to
the people. He was understood to say that he
would not ask for a special committee, until he dis-
covered that justice could not otherwise be done.
Mr. HUNT looked upon the interests of every
portion of this Union as American interests; and, as
such, he was interested in them, and would support
them. He professed to be in favor of a liberal pol-
icy in relation to public improvements; and as com-
plaints had been made by Western men that the
West had been neglected, he charged that neglect
upon the last administration. He glanced at the
position which had been taken by men who had
preceded him, and intimated that a change on this
subject was observable from the doctrines enter-
tained during the administration of General Jack-
son.
For his own part, he had no apprehensions that
the people of this country would be tempted to put
their leading interests injocpardy. It had been well
remarked by his colleague on a former day, that the
Western States, if they expect to find a market for
their surplus produce, must look for a home market.
It was idle to look for any other.
With regard to the reference of this subject to a
committee representing that section of the country,
and more immediately interested, he could sec no
good reason for making such a reference, rather
than referring it to a standing committee.
Mr. G1DDINGS said he should not he doing
justice to his own feelings if he did not express the
satisfaction he had felt in listening to this discussion.
He had listened with great pleasure to the details
which had been given respecting the various intc-
icsts of all sections of the Union; and he would not
have felt itincumbenton hun to intrude himself upon
the time ot the committee, had he not been desirous
that the lake interest should not be oveilooked.
Mr. G. here went into a statement of the amount of
commerce upon the lakes.
Mr. G. took a view of the tonnage of Ohio—.
which he showed to be greater m 184:2 than that, of
all the Southern States put together—for the purpose
of showing the importance and extent of the com-
merce on the Western waters, and the necessity of
extending to it adequate protection. He then went
011 to show the great want of harbors on the lakes,
and die \ ast losses annually in consequence of that
want; and, referring to the large amount of appro-
priations in the East for harbors, breakwaters, light-
houses, &c., argued that justice, as well as good
policy, required the Government to extend the same
tavors to the West. He further contended that, if
it was constitutional to expend the public money
for the pi otection of commerce on the Atlantic sea-
board, it was equally constitutional to make appro-
priations for the protection of the commerce of the
lakes and the Western rivers.
_ Tliey wanted no fortifications or public defences
ill Ohio, for the people of that State were well able
to repel any foreign invader; but their commerce re-
quired that their rivers and harbors should be ini-
pro\ed.
Air JAAiESON next obtained the floor; but he
gave way to a motion to rise.
It was suggested that the committee, on rismo-,
should report the resolutions which had been adopt-
ed in the committee.
This was agreed to; and the committee rose, and
repoued in part, and reported progress on other
parts, and asked leave to sit again.
