CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4 39
The House then adopted the resolutions which
had been reported from the committee.
NAVAL HOSPITALS AND THEIR EXPENDI-
TURES.
Mr. WISE submitted the following resolution;
which, after a brief conversation between him and
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON, was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be re-
quested to report to this House a detailed statement
of the expenditures for daily cost of the sick per
man in each of the naval hospitals and naval stations
within the United States, for the last ten years, with
a detailed statement of the expenditures of the Bu-
reau of Medicine and Surgery since, its establish-
ment, up to the present time, as well for the bureau
itself, as for each of the hospitals and stations refer-
red to, together with a statement in detail of all un-
paid claims against said bureau of any nature or
character whatsoever. And to report further, what
contracts are in existance for supplying the navy
with butter and cheese, when and by whom they
were made, and when they will terminate; together
with all the correspondence of the Secretary of the
Navy concerning them.
AMENDMENT OF THE 133D RULE.
Mr. HOPKINS gave notice of his intention to
move an amendment of the 133d rule, so as to em-
power a majority of the House to suspend the rules
for the purpose of going into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and also to dis-
charge the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union from any bill which it might have be-
fore it.
The House then adjourned.
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day, were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
By Mr. PHCENIX: The petition of John S. Gil-
bert, asking for delay of all action, and to withhold
any appropriation for a dry-dock, until his plan can
be examined by competent judges.
By Mr. JOHN STEWART: The petition of
Leonard A. Daggett, Lewis Gilbert, Ebenezer John-
son, Amos Townsend, and William Whitney, and
1,350 others, inhabitants of the town of New Ha-
ven, in Connecticut, praying a revision of the post
office laws in relation to the franking privilege, and
reduction on letter postage, &c.: referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. DUNLAP: The petition of citizens of
Portland, Maine, praying for indemnity for spolia-
tions committed by the French Government prior to
the yeai 1800. referred to the- Committee on For-
eign Affairs.
By Mr. COLLAMER: The petition of Fiancis
Lynch and others, praying a grant of land m Indi-
ana, to open the navigation or extend the canal to
the mouth of the Wabash.
By Mr. McCONNELL; The memorial of John
H. Goldsby, praying pension and bounty land for
services in the last war, under General Jackson.
The petition of 0. W. Bailey, praying i enumera-
tion for services, and pay for a horse, m the last
war.
By Mr. RATHBUN: The petition of sundry in-
habitants of Cayuga county, New York, for the es-
tablishment of a mail-route from Baldwinsville, m
the county of Onondaga, to Woleott, in the county
of Wayiif*, in New York: referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. SAMPLE: The memorial of William S.
Patterson and 126 others, citizens of South Bend, in
the State of Indiana, praying Congress at an early
day to make an adequate and suitable appropriation
for continuing the construction of the harbor at
Michigan City, in the State of Indiana: referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. JOSEPH A. WRIGHT: The "petition
of Violet Calhoun, of county, Indiana, widow
of.John Calhoun, deceased, a revolutionary pen-
sioner, for a pension; which was read, and referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions. The
petition of Levy Johnson, of Hendricks county, In-
diana, for a pension; which was read, and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. HARPER: The petition of John Wal-
lace, and 49 other citizens of Muskingum county,
Ohio, praying an amendment of the Constitution of
the United States: referred to the committee hereto-
fore appointed oil that subject.
By Mr. PERX.EY B. JOHNSON: The petition
Mrs. Frances D. Gage, and 80 other ladies of
McConnelsville, Ohio, praying for a revision of the
post office laws. The petition of John Jest, and 185
other citizens, all of Washington county, Ohio,
praying for a reduction of the rates of postage, and
that the franking privilege be abolished.
By Mr. FICKLIN: The proceedings of a public
meeting held at Lawrenceville, Illinois, on the sub-
ject of granting a portion of the unsold lands in the
Wabash valley, for the improvement of the naviga-
tion of the Wabash river from Terre Haute (the ter-
minus of the Wabash and Erie canal) to the Ohio
river: referred to the Committee on Roads and Ca-
nals. The petition of Augustus C. French and 201
other citizens of Crawford county, Illinois, in regard
to the same object: referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
By Mr. PRESTON KING: The petition of in-
habitants of St. Lawrence county, New York, for a
law to abolish the franking privilege, and reduce the
rates of postage.
By Mr. OWEN: The memorial of William S.
Harpole and 101 others, citizens of Indiana, pray-
ing ail appropriation of lands to complete the Cen-
tral canal to Evansville. The memorial of George
H. Evans, a citizen of New Jersey, praying that a
portion of the Oregon Territory be laid out m small
farms, to be granted to settlers, with a right to use
the same, and to will to any ojie not possessed of
other lands. The memorial of P. Roche and 48
others, citizens of Indiana, praying an appropriation
of lands to improve the Wabash river.
By Mr. STILES: The petition of the Chamber
of Commerce and Commissioners of Pilotage of the
city of Savannah, praying Congress for the estab-
lishment of lights and beacons in the Savannah
river.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 13, 1844.
GENERAL JACKSON'S FJNE.
Mr. BIDLACK presented the resolutions of the
Legislature of Pennsylvania, instructing the Sena-
tors of that State, and requesting its Representatives,
to vote for the passage of the^ bill refunding Gen-
eral Jackson's fine.
CLAIM OF PRIVILEGE—MR. GIDD1NGS AND
ABOLITION.
Mr. GIDDINGS rose to a question of privilege.
He said lie wished to call the attention of the House
to an article published by an officer of this House in
the Globe of last eveniug. He would send it to the
Clerk that it might be read.
Mr. I-XOLMES rose to a question of order. He
wished to ask whether every, or any lemark, made
by any, or ev ei y editor of a paper, on any, or every
gentleman on this floor, individually or collectively,
would give gentlemen this privilege as a right.
The SPEAKER was understood to that it was not
a right; hut it had been the. practice of the House to
extend this privilege to gentleman as a courtesy.
Mr. THOMPSON objected to the gentleman from
Ohio being allowed to go on with any explanation of
what occurred ill other parts ot this country; but if
it were an explanation of what had been done m this
House, he should have no objection.
Mi. GIDDINGS said the report, and the article
to which he wished to call the attention of the
House, were in relation to what had transpired on
this floor with respect to one of the Representatives
of the people in his representative capacity. They
came from an officer of this House, assailing a mem-
ber of this House; and on that distinct ground he
claimed the attention of the House to the article.
Mr. GILMER wished to make an inquiry of the
gentleman from Ohio, which might determine him
whether he should object or not. He did not know
what privilege the gentleman from Ohio now refer-
red to; but before he (Mr. Gilmek) should be willing
to extend to that gentleman the courtesy which he
requested, he would ask him respectfully 
Mr. GIDDINGS. The gentleman misunderstands
me. 1 claim it as a right.
Mr. GILMER knew not in what language the
claim was made, but it was for the House to deter-
mine whether it should be granted. He requested
the gentleman from Ohio to explain to him (Mr. G.)
and to the House—for he was but an individual
member of the House—whether, on its presentation
to the House, he explained the purport of the peti-
tion which had been referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia, and by that committee unani-
mously returned to the House with the request that
it should be returned to the member from Ohio; all
of which seemed to him distinctly to intimate (for
he understood it was a unanimous expression of the
committee) that the member from Ohio had wilfully
violated one of (he rules of the House, which pre-
scribed the duty of members of this House on pre-
senting petitions. Whatever might be any man's
opinion of the propriety of the rule, it seemed to
him (Mr. Gilmer) that the rule required everyman,
on his honor, to state correctly, and not to misrepre-
sent, the contents of the petitions which he present-
ed; and he desired the gentleman from Ohio to give
such an explanation as would satisfy the House.
Mr. GIDDINGS said, it was with great pleasure
that he rose to explain, and he would state to the gen-
tleman who had brought that subject before the
House that, when he presented that petition, he did
state, in distinct terms, that the body of the petition
was intended to assail the institution of slavery in this
District. Those were the very words he used on
that occasion; and he now called on the reporters
to take notice of the language he used, and which
he now repeated, before this House and the
country, that the body of the petition was evi-
dently intended to assail slavery in this District,
but that it prayed for a revision and repeal of laws
in this District. With such a statement, he sent it
to the Chair. There were gentlemen on this floor
who heard what he said, and he called on the gen-
tleman who represented the petitioners on this floor
to state whether he had not given the facts as they
occurred. He called upon the gentleman from
Niagara county, [Mr. Hunt, of New York, who
was not in his seat.l It appeared that gentleman
was not in his seat; but he would say that that gen-
tleman [Mr. Hunt] rose in his place at the time the
petition was returned, and then endeavored to make
this statement; but gentlemen would not hear him.
He (Mr. G.) made that statement himself, and he
was in hopes he should have been reported in full by
the papers of the District. He cast no imputation
on the reporters; for he would say that, whenever he
attempted to speak on this floor, it was in the power
of gentlemen to make so much confusion that lus
voice could not be heard. He repeated, that he did
make this statement; and, in reply to a gentleman '
from Alabama,-[Mr. Payne, j and another gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. C. Johnson,] he re-stated it
distinctly two separate times. He hoped this state-
ment would be satisfactory to the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Gilmer,] and to the country; and, if
that point were disposed of, he would now claim the
privilege which had been claimed by others, from
the organization of this Government down to the
present day, when they were assailed.
Objections were made in vauous parts of the
House.
Mr. THOMPSON said lie should object to any
member having the privilege to bung any news-
paper comments before this House, unless the gentle-
man would say that it impeached hid honor in some
way; under such circumstances, he would not ob-
ject to an explanation. If any gentleman had been
erroneously or improperly reported by the reporters
of either of the papers, he would not object to
any explanation; but he protested against the custom
growing uphere, of members bringing into this House
comments on speeches which may have been made
before the constituents of members, whether in
Ohio, New York, or elsewhere.
The SPEAKER said, objections had been made;
and the Chair did not regard this as a privilege, but,
as an act of courtesy, it might be exiended to the
gentleman from Ohio: such had been the custom of the
House, hitherto; hut the gentleman fi om Ohio might
accomplish his object by a suspension of the rules.
Mr. GIDDINGS said he would explain, m reply
to the gentleman from Mississippi, that this ar-
ticle did not only impeach his honor, but his in-
tegrity.
TVlr. THOMPSON asked if he was to understand
that, the gentleman from Ohio wished to explain a
matter which had occurred in his own district, ill
Ohio, and not in this House' If so, the gentleman
should explain it through the papers, and not m this
House. .
Mr. SCHENCK said, as it appeared to be neces-
sary, he would submit a motion to the House, that
his colleague [Mr. Gicdings] have permission to
proceed with his explanation. Objections were made.
Then he would move a suspension of the rule for
that purpose.
Mr. PAYNE wished the gentleman from Ohio to
answer the interrogatory of the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi,
