164
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff-—Mr. Woodbury.
Senate.
of its great arms of industry and means of rearing
seamen for maritime defence in war, but nothing
whatever gained in place of those vital losses by
any enlargement of our domestic tonnage. More,
sir. As the system expands, the manufacture is
calculated to spread nearer to the South and West,
and establishments to spring up on the slopes of the
Alleghanies, and many of the tributaries to the Mis-
sissippi and the lakes. All can see that, as these
approach nearer the raw materials which they con-
sume, whether cotton, corn, flour, meats, or other
articles, the domestic transpcit&tion, Both to and
fro, is shortened, and requires less time, capital,
and employment for the home tonnage.
Pray tell me, then, whether the effect of thie sys-
tem on the navigating interest, foreign or domestic,
be not highly injurious, an unmitigated evil, and
what there possibly can be in it to atone to the
commercial classes for its destructive influences?
The constitution itself was formed chiefly to pro-
tect our foreign commerce; as the framers of it, wheth-
er farmers, merchants, or planters, saw that on the suc-
cess of that commerce depended the value of all the
surplus crops, the ease and cheapness with which they
reached good markets. The vessel was like the cart
and wagon to hasten the crop onward to a good
market; and the lower the cost of *the vessel, the
less it was taxed, and the more markets it would
freely resort, to, the higher would be the prices ob-
tained for the cargo, and more reduced the expense
of getting home their returns. If good highways,
bridges and canals, and railroads, are a public bless-
ing, and to be sought, for their benefit in internal
commerce, so .are all improvements by steamboats,
faster sailing vessels, cheaper building, and lower
duties, and less vexatious regulations, equal bles-
sings to the producer and consumer, no less than to
the navigator. The blow struck, then, by this re-
strictive system to the commerce of the country,
whose numbers and capital are nearly as large, if
not larger than those of the manufacturers, and a
very valuable and useful and indeed national inte-
rest, in the view of the framers of the constitution,
is a blow falling, at the same time, with as much, if
not greater force, on all the producers and consumers
of the country.
The hardy and adventurous fisherman feels U the
most, both as navigator and pioducer of a new arti-
cle of food. lie gets no additional drawback or
bounty, on account of the higher duties and greater
cost of his vessel, and ha? to sustain the shock after
a considerable depression in the prosperity of his
business. Computing the whole tonnage in the fish-
eries at 210,000; the loss on that, in a few years,
must be equal to $1,050,000, while the exports of
dried fish (his gains as a producer) have almost
ceased, and the whole business in whaling suffered
rivalship and loss from the manufacture of lard oil.
If the hog, then, is painted m the West as de-
vouring the whale, and if the white fish of the
lakes are transported to the East, and sold even in
sight of the flakes of our coast, as has happened
the last season, so be it, if the result of equal laws
and fair competition. But do not neglect or op-
press that class whose numbers, though ao noise-
less, exceed all in the cotton manufactures of the
whole Union, and were deemed so national an ob-
ject by our fathers, forming a nursery not only for
our commercial marine, but our gallant na\y, and
who aided so ably in the capture ofLouisburg, (un-
der a commander whose tomb and dwelling-house
are near the mouth of the chief harbor of my State;)
and even mingled with Ilodgers's rangers, and helped
to conquer Quebec; and poured out their blood
like water on the decks of Paul Jones in the revolu-
tion, as well as in the hardest sea fights of Hull,
Bainbridge, and Decatur, in the late \vm\ Rely on
it, sir, always, m all exigencies, will they be found
at their posts; and will compare in morals and worth,
no less than daring courage, with any class of the
North. The policy of England, on the contrary,
has been to continue carefully to cherish her fishe-
ries as well as navigation. Her annual income from
this source is computed at twenty millions of
dollars; while ours, at only half that, and under de-
pression, was to be further prostrated by the re-
newal of this lestriutive policy. England, also, so
far from increasing the burdens on her navigation,
when embarrassed, has sought out new markets for
it to visit, new products to be carried, and lowered
the duties on all it consumes. Hence her tariff on
hemp was low, and had been reduced—on timber,
a trifle, if from her colonies, and on irox merely
nominal.
3ut, beyond all this, the policy in our present
tariff aimed at the destruction of the reciprocal
treaties we possessed as to tonnage; and, in that
way, would destroy the noblest carrying trade of
the world. It breathed hostility to everything savor-
ing of free trade, because a standing censure on
their discriminating course. These treaties had al-
ready been threatened again and again, though
without them we could claim no transportation of
anything but exports of our own productions, as all
other nations had a like right to carry the export of
theirs. This would give us, in practice, only half
the freights of all our exports and imports, Knd half
the number of ships or tonnage engaged in our for-
eign trade. Many seem to believe we do not pos-
sess so great a proportion as that now, and a change
is called for by the opponents of free trade; and a
hue-a d-cry is raised, that most of our foreign com-
merce is in foreign bottoms; and that English navi-
gation, in particular, is yearly crowding us from the
ocean. But how is the naked truth? and what are
the losses aad dangers the restrictive system is ex-
posing us to? Setting aside the colonial intercourse
between us and the British provinces, (which rests
on peculiar principles, and, by frequent entries and
clearances with passengers and steamboats, and
little freight, has a fallacious appearance as to en-
tries, though, in fact, we carry three-fourths of the
freights,-) the American tonnage, entering and clear-
ing abroad, is nearly treble in quantity that of all
the rest of the world: and the freights we brought
home were, in 1842, valued to the extent of $88,-
724,280; and all others only $11,437,807. Those we
carried out were quite three-fourths. These are
near the proportions for some years. Who, after
so many statements to the contrary, can look, but
with amazement, on the comparisons in the table in
my hands, compiled from official returns, of the
greater number of entries by American than foreign
vessels, from each of the great powers in the world,
in 1842, as well as most of the smaller ones, except
two, and think what must be the tendency of a sys-
tem which would exchange this four-fifths for enly
half of the trade? (Table No. 15.)
We, from all the world, except the British colo-
nies, had 4,259 vessels entering here, and all other
powers, but 916, we, from England herself 614; she,
and all other foreigners thence to us, but 370; we,
from France, 406 vessels, and all others thence but
74; we, from Spain, 1,500, of which two-thirds were
from Cuba; to all others, 82; we, even from Brazil,
about which so much has been said, 174; and all
others but 26. And, indeed, in all quarters of the
globe, there are only two small governments, Swe-
den and the Hanse Towns, m which the balance is
against ns, and that balance m both of them inclusive
not so much as it is in our favor with the small re-
public of Texas, m our own neighborhood. Yet
those two trifling exceptions are often inconsiderately
thrust forward, as conclusive evidence of the gen-
eral operation of the reciprocal system on our for-
eign tonnage. Leaving other interesting details, I
would only add, that another evil consequence from
annulling the reciprocity system would be to destroy
the whole of our carriage of all the ten to twenty
millions which we yearly export of articles of for-
eign origin. Besides this, it will cut off a profitable
and large branch of the carrying trade, nothing of
which appears on our official records. It is of this
character. Probably 100 to 350 American vessels
clear yearly from Cuba to various parts of the
world with sugar, molasses, and coffee, whose
cargoes make no part of our commercial statis-
tics. Many more clear also from Brazil, and some
from various oth* r ports in both hemispheres with
cargoes for various quarters, of which we learn
nothing, except by foreign statistics, and consular re-
turns, or by the profits at some future period brought
home m valuable imports. Something like 30 of
our vessels have yeaily gone with freights to these
very Hause Towns; some to Antwerp and Trieste,
and others still to other ports in the Baltic, from Bra-
zil and Cuba, who, without the principle of our re-
ciprocal treaties, could not thus carry a ton of foreign
produce. Let thenorthern shipowner then look to
consequences before he longer approves a policy,
likely to end in the destruction of much of this
superiority on our part, in the indirect as well as di-
lect ennying trade, and m a commercial marine
second only to one power in the known world.
Let the farmer of the mammoth West and of the
central States look to this, and the manufacturer, as
well as navigator, of the North. Why, sir? Be-
cause this very trade, which makes a market for
breadstuffs, lard, fish, and most of our exported
manufactures in Cuba, Mexico, and Brazil, does it
only because the sugar, coffee, and molasses, ob-
tained in exchange, have been, in a great degree,
shipped to the north of Europe, and their proceeds
returned herein those very articles of foreign iron
and hemp, which the present tariff and its anti-
commercial policy tend to reject.
I hasten to the last consideration intended to be
urged on this occasion; which is, that a tariff
like this is not founded on a policy likely to be use-
ful permanently to the true manufacturing industry
of the country. What that branch of industry really
needs, is a natural adaptation in the climate, raw
material, or mines of the country, to .aid the partic-
ular business pursued; and a steady, durable, in-
cidental protection, by collecting, on revenue princi-
ples, a suitable portion of revenue from imports.
This, too, had better be moderate and durable,
with equal regard to all interests, than high and
vacillating under party excitement. It had better,
even for the manufacturer, be incidental to a clear
revenue power and practice, than direct and high in
the exercise of a protective power of doubtful char-
acter, and had better be equal to all interests, as well
as manufactures, so far as incident to a just impost
on imports, than be unequal, and thus exposed to
changes and unpopularity as partial on the one
hand, and oppressive on the other. Such a mod-
erate and stable protection as this to manufactures
I never shall resist, any more than did our fathers in
their early tariffs^raising all of their revenue m that
manner (rather than by direct taxes) which they
needed and could obtain, without going above the
revenue standard, and thereby injuring commerce,
agriculture, and other great interests. Manufac-
tures, under that system, flourished wherever the
country was fitted for them; and the sagacity
of such men as Franklin and Jefferson saw that
they would continue to grow, -if lucrative, consid-
ering our state of society; and that they would suc-
ceed best, not by unnatural, but natural aid, and would
push forward steadiest, under their own enterprise and
vigor, by moderate duties, and the wants of the
country, rather than by being driven ahead of them
by forced marches under legislative favor. They
did not follow the shiftless system of running to the
government for everything, any more than did the
farmers, lawyers, or doctors, any of whom, when in
trouble, might as well ask public legislation to assist
them. On the contrary, the reliance of all men should
be on their own energies and skill, and local advan-
tages, looking—as Sir Robert Peel at last sensibly
advises the Tamworth farmers to do, after expe-
riencing the evils of a different course—more to
their manures, and less to government.
Even m 1791 many of the manufacturers (and
especially the household ones) had acquired a strong
foothold among our people. They were enabled
to supply nearly as large a proportion of our wants
then in cottons, woollens, soap, cabinet work, pot-
ters1 ware, paper, oils, candles, &c., as they do now.
Mr. Dallas, also, in 1816, considered many
manufactures as fully established, woollens, cot-
tons, and linen, in some districts supplying ''two-
thirds, three-fourths, and even four-fifths" of their
wants. But after the war, and individual en-
terprise had multiplied great corporate establish-
ments for making cottons and woollens, which had
not previously been so thrifty, the system of direct
protection was demanded and acquiesced in for a tem-
porary object to break the fall, or make the transition
easier to a state of peace; but under a stron^ ex-
pectation that its continuance would be limitef and
temporary. The history of its influence since,
even on many maufactures, is well known to have
developed many mischiefs. First, it has been
very fluctuating; the high protection and large
profits at first tempting too much capital and too
prematurely into such business, and thus soon re-
ducing profits and leading to clamorous de-
mands for duties sti'l higher; and then, in hun-
dreds of instances, of the finer branches of man-
ufactures, after a series of additional protections,
becoming inflated, till the bubble burst, and
deplorable bankruptcies followed. It was a kind
of intemperate excitement, that only required, in
time, additional stimulants, till means and patience
were exhausted, and the patient sunk. While other
manufacturers not brought into being That way,
and a few of those with agents of great foresight
and skill, managed so as to continue through e\ery
revulsion, and yield fair profits. These last would
continue to do the same under a revenue tariff with
the aid of its steady and durable incidental protec-
tion. In the next place all can see that, if the in-
creased duty makes die manufacture very profitable.
