Feb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Woodbury.
Senate.
may soon become a political hobby to sustain or
enlarge it in order to gratify those interested. Or
if speculative rather than political manufacturing
mingles with honest enterprise in procuring for it
additional protection, a sale of the stock is made
before a large diversion of capital and persons into
this most profitable employment takes place, and
reduces the income lower than the general stand-
ard, and often throws the loss, as in the ma-
nia about merino sheep and raorus multicaulis,
on unsuspecting purchasers. Besides this, if the
manufacture be new and the owners inexperienced,
or have skilful competitors abroad, and countries to
contend with where laboi arid capital are much lower,
the business longer established, and where improve-
ments in machinery are frequent, the enterprise will
become a most hazardous and changeable one. It is
my serious belief that, from such causes and various
abortive experiments, and a want of skilful agents,
and little omissions to procure early improvements
and the best workmen, &c., &e., more capital has
been lost in the lust twenty years in the manufac-
tures of cotton and woollen in New England alone,
than the whole capital which is left in those
branches, or the whole debt at the close of our revo-
lution. Some of us there can speak feelingly and
experimentally on this subject. At the sametime, I
neither conceal nor deny, that, from skilful attention
and other fortunate circumstances, others have made
large profits. But, as a whole, what, have the Union,
ana especially New England, gained m the long run
by such a system? They have gained, I admit, by
those manufactures which grow without the aid of
a hot-bed system; they will continue to gain by
them. So have they gained by household manu-
factures of wool anil cotton, where pursued at
leisure moments, and by the decrepid or young, not
fitted for much other employment, though unprofit-
able otherwise, now on a large scale, without the aid
of modern machinery. But, under the first circum-
stances, they are often economical, healthy, moral;
and it is they which Mr. Jefferson so eloquently
eommends as late as 1812, and Franklin as early as
1784.
The theory of the old and true policy was to let
industry, of its own accord, and not hy artificial ex-
ertions, pursue what was most natural to our state
of society, the free gemus and institutions of our peo-
ple, and their position on the surface of the earth;
not seeking to raise tropical fruits for our
markets in the temperate zone, or to make our pop-
ulation live merely on exhilarating gas and cham-
pagne. What do gentlemen imagine has been the
decline in such manufactures, after nil the machinery
and hot-bed aid to others—and others, too, whose
great use of machinery, it is argued, sinks the
household labors into insignificance and lose' Why,
sir, though the prices of the last are. little af-
fected by the tariff, (they being mostly made to
use, and not to sell,) yet, by the census, the
"family made, goods," mostly wool and flax,
equal yearly near £30,000,000. They tire stated
at $29,023,380; when the gieat woollen establish-
ments, about which our halls have been so loudly
and frequently besieged, yield only $20,096,900; mid
the cotton establishments, noisier than their own
spindles, yield but <,46,350,453. This, is near half
as much household, as both cotton and woollen of the
great separate establishments. These leturns are,
doubtless, imperfect in some degree, but equally so
as to both kinds. To see, also, how little the whole
manufactures of the country have increased in the
aggregate during 30 years, with such vast govern-
mental protection, they are now returned at only
§239,S3G,224, when, in 1810, they were computed
at f117,694,602, and when the cottons, in 1831,
were estimated by their friends at $40,000,000, and
have increased since but little more than six; and in
1810, with wool and flax, were estimated as high as
they are now alone, except six to seven millions.
And when the other manufactures, which sprung
up before the protective system m 1816, have in-
creased much faster in proportion, and those great
industrial pursuits less protected, and even in some
respects oppressed, have m agriculture probably
quadrupled their annual produce, and nearly trebled
the exports of domestic origin, after supplying any
additional home market. They have risen from
§42,360,059, in 1810, to $113,805,634 in 1840. This
is because the last is a congenial, suitable, and
healthy employment, and the other, in most cases,
is artificial, premature, and sickly.
Let it not be said that I wish to see the gains by
modern machinery and steam abandoned, where
ihese last can be used for large purposes, and
with profit. But I would not see them attempt-
ed where the state of society, capital, and skill
is not favorable to compete with others in the use of
them, without ruinous risks and losses, unless bol-
stered up by high duties and taxes. I would buy
and use such manufactures whenever cheapest and
best; but for numerous home wants ill a new and
agricultural country, like much of ours, why not
take what is produced by such establishments and
improvements elsewhere, beyond what can be fur-
nished through the frugal aid of household life?
Why tempt our own people, by bounties, into the
heated atmospheres of great establishments, forced
into being, often prematurely here, by high duties,
and at the expense of other" large classes' What
commendation can be bestowed on these, in a coun-
try young and enterprising, over the bracing air of
the ploughman's field, or "the rosy exercise of the
dairy, or the transportation of the products of both
over the mountain wave, and tin owing the line and
harpoon in every sea? Most persons point to New
England as the best illustration of the great profits
by the protective system. But beside the mischiefs
already alluded to as incidental to it, what has she
gained from it in other respects, when all her popu-
lation connected with her great cotton establishments,
would not fill a single county in several of our
States' When the fisheries alone support greater
numbers? When many of her sons are, m their habits,
almost as web-footed as the sea-fowl which fly over
their heads; when, if not diverted from agriculture,
and navigation, and the fisheries, her lull-sides
would, probably, have been ploughed nearer their
tops, her swamps more thoroughly drained, her ma-
nures improved, additional inventions in raking,
threshing, reaping, and sowing, sought out, or the
present ones discovered sooner; her fisheries doubled
and grown to what they are m England, and her
ships still more and more carrying the surplus prod-
uce of much of the civilized world.
Her population and capital would, in that event,
have been as large, if not larger, than now, and
quite as hardy, moral, useful, and American, as
it is now; and, by moderate and regular profits, far
less tempting to inroads on our frugal habits, and on
our primitive morals, now exposed to smuggling and
all its train of demoralizations.
To be sure we have the flourishing villages that
were, often referred to. But, in one of them, a whole
crop of early proprietors had lost their investments;
m another, the church was deserted, and the dwell-
ings and factory buildings desolate; and in the inte-
rior, numerous other eases existed of dilapidation
and ruin to eaily establishments called prematurely
and unskilfully into being by the bounties of your
high protecting duties. And it was melancholy to
reflect that even where some establishments had
prospered, and cities clustered around them, it had
been at the loss of the more remote country, drain-
ing it often of capital as well as enterprise and la-
bor; and causing decline and desertion in one. place
to produce business and display in another.
Suppose, then, that their profits are great in some
establishments, and the wages of labor, as well as
dividends on capital, high. Suppose, too, that there,
in the vibrations of tiaffic, prices and markets,
some have yielded exorbitant profits; yet they can-
not long continue to do it steadily, without tempting
(where everything is so open and free) other labor
and other capital to flock to them and equalize their
profits to what are made in other branches of indus-
try. The whole business in cottons, woollens, iron,
&c., on a large scale, depends so much for profits on
little improvements in machinery and chemistry, &c.,
that the perils and reverses at times appal the stoutest
heart. While, on the contrary, the large gains
from machinery, which have been referred to
by the chairman, are not permanent to that class,
but temporary to them, though permanent and use-
ful to the world at large. Others soon come in
and employ them also, till the rate of profits is hut.
little higher than in other pursuits. Hence, grant-
ing that England has not merely the labor of two
millions, but over fifty millions of men, in her co: 
ton machinery alone, and that of three hundred mil-
lions of men in all her manufactures—with machine-
ry so perfect, that, if not talking, it tells when a
thread breaks, or the w-ater-power vacillates,.—has
not Francc, also, and Germany, and the United
States, no less than her people, burst down the bar-
riers of patents and the restrictions against the ex-
port of machinery, and let in all nations to the bene-
fits of it, and reduced the profits of those using it to
near the standard in--other pursuits, unless raised
higher, for a time, by discriminating and partial du-
ties? Doctor Paustus, when he invented the type,
might, like any other monopolist, profit much for a
while by keeping the improvement secret, and ad-
hering to old prices; but, soon as the invention be-
comes known, or the monopoly broken down, the
individual gains in printing as well as other busi-
ness, aided by machinery, had to stand little,- if any
higher, than those in employments not so aided.
And pray tell me, sir, as a question of profit to the
whole country by machinery in manufactures, and
aids not derived from labor, is there no profit
also to the whole by labor-saving machinery in
agriculture—the plough and the scythe—by raking
with horse power, and threshing, and even reaping
and cleaning grain, the same way? But, much
more, is there nothing in the 'dews and rains, and
winds and sunshine, with which God has blessed
peculiarly, and always will bless, his chosen race,
the tillers of the soil?—nothing to aid the country
m navigation beyond labor and capital?—nothing in
the oceans, lakes, and rivers, that cover three-fourths
of the globe, for highways to the seaman and mer-
chant.'—nothing in the winds, which blow freely to
waft him'—-nothing to the country in the fisheries,
beyond labor and the vessel?—nothing in the shore
and bank treasures of the finny tribes, growing
for th" adventurer without pay or expense; and the
whales, which, urihired, await his coming in every
sea? Opening the earth to all profitable employ-
ments, the bounties of Providence naturally attract
more to agriculture, not only from its healthfulness,
but safety and its best guards against famine and dis-
ease, so incident to crowded manufacturing. In the
worst revulsions, the surplus of grain and meat can
help to sustain life; but neither cottons nor woollens
nor iron can be eaten, when markets fail, or war
cuts off other supplies.
In another point of view, the supposed gain
to this country by the use of machinery in great
manufacturing establishments becomes, in truth,
only a question between the expediency of having
them used here, where dearest, least understood, or
least perfect, and abroad, where it is tjie reverse.
So, if we go to the statistics of the late census,
similar results are demonstrated. It is imperfect in
some respects, and conclusions somewhat different
are drawn by different persons. But after being
revised and corrected, the gains in manufacturing^
though high, are probably not much higher than m
other pui suits, if we deduct what is added by the dis-
criminating duties. Without that deduction they
reach near §160 yearly on an average to each per-
son employed and connected with them; whereas in
agriculture, they yield but $62, or less than half, and
in navigation only $80.
[Mr. Evans here denied that he had stated the
earnings in manufactures to be so high.]
No, sir; but the official returns, when duly
revised, state this; and it can be accounted for
fully in no other way than the protection they
enjoy—great, even on a 20 per rent, duty,and much
more on one of eighty or a hundred.
[Mr. Evans said a deduction for interest on cap;
ital in manufactures should be made.]
So it might be in all other pursuits, as well
as this, when you come to divide the gros*
produce between the capitalist and the la-
borer. But it happened that the capital was larger
per head in agriculture, than in rnanufactuies; it be-
ing $235 each in the first, and &200 only in the last,
though in navigation it was higher, being $303
each. (Tables No. 15 and lfi.)
Gentlemen may take whichsoever horn of the
dilemma is most agreeable; and if the profits are no
higher, after the reduction of the gain by high du-
ties than m other pursuits, there is no advantage
to the whole country by the forcing system. We
pay for all we get. But if they are higher after it,
then the forcing is not necessary, besides its being
partial and wasteful in order to aid them.
Many, however, urge that manufactures ought
to be encouraged by a costly protective system,
because their labor and business are so much
more American than any other. The additional
persons it employed in this country, it was ar-
gued, increased the public prosperity and inde-
pendence enough to counterbalance all the evils of
so unnatural and burdensome a system. Now, sir,
a little analysis will expose the folly of this assump-
tion. When more persons were tempted by war
duties and privations, and then by the high discrim-
inating tariffs which followed, to embark m manu-
factures, whence came they? They were either im-
ported foreigners, (against whom, however, he nur-
tured no idle prejudices,) or they were Americans^
