CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
141
NAVAL OFFICERS.
Mr. JACOB BRINKERHOFF offered the follow-
ing resolution; which, being objected to, was not re-
ceived:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be di-
rected to report to this House a list of the names of
all the officers of the navy above the rank of mid-
shipman, specifying the grade, age, and residence of
each; the time when each officer respectively was
last engaged in active duty under the orders of the
Navy Department; and, when the absence from ac-
tive duty m any case exceeds six months, prior
to the first day of the present month, a brief state-
ment of the reasons which, in each case respectively,
have governed the department in permitting such
absence; and also the amount of pay per annum of
officers of each grade respectively, not engaged in ac-
tive duty.
Mr. SAMPLE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs
be directed to ascertain and report to the House
whether the claims against the Pottawattomie and
other tribes of Indians, examined by William B.
Mitchell, esq., a commissioner appointed by the
Secretary of War in 1840, as confirmed by the War
Department, can be liquidated on any other princi-
ple than that laid down by the late Secretary; and,
if so, whether any, and what, legislation is neces-
sary.
Mr. OWEN said he had been several times en-
deavoring to obtain the floor, for the purpose of
moving an amendment of the journal. He found it
there stated that he reported House bill No. 10,
without amendment, when he reported it with sev-
eral amendments; one of which reduced the appro-
priations from §150,000 to $75,000.
The correction was accordingly made.
Mr. TIBBATTS gave notice that he would, on
Monday next, or on softie other early day, ask leave
to introduce a bill to amend an act, entitled, "An act
to provide for the better security of the lives of pas-
sengers dn board of vessels propelled in whole or in .
part by steam," asproved July 7, 1838.
Mr. PATTERSON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be directed
to report to this House the number of drop and free
letters- each, received at all the post offices in the
United States for the last twelve months, ending at
the latest time that he has correct returns; also, such
other information as he may be in possession of, if
any, showing the quantity of mail matter transmitted
through other channels; also, the nearest estimate
that lie can furnish of the gross amount of Govern-
ment franking in all its branches, exclusive of the
Post Office Department, for a single year.
Mr. SEMPLE gave notice that he would, to-
morrow, or some subsequent day, ask leave to in-
troduce a bill for the benefit of S. White.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL submitted the following
resolution; which was considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of revising
the criminal code of the United States, and of con-
solidating the same into a single statute. "
Mr. McDOWELL submitted the following reso-
ution; which was considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be, and the same are hereby, in-
structed to inquire into the propriety and expedi-
ency of reporting a bill establishing a stage mail
route from Ripley, (on the Ohio river,) m Brown
county, Ohio, to Ctrcleville, in Pickaway county,
Ohio, through the intermediate points designated in
the petitions on that subject.
Mr. C. M. READ submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
directed to inquire into the expediency of regulating
the appointments and promotion of the commis-
sioned officers of the United States revenue ma-
rine, and providing for their confirmation by the
Sar.ate, and establishing court martial.
Mr. BOSSIER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That, the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of establishing and constructing a national road from
Natchitoches to Fort Jesup, tlieoce to the Sabine
river, in the State of Louisiana.
REPORT ON THE RULES.
Mr. ADAMS called for the orders of the day;
when
The SPEAKER announced that the first business
in order was the report of the Select Committee on
the Rules; the question being on the recommitment
moved by Mr. Blacjc.
Mr. BELSER, who had the floor, continued the
course of remarks commenced by him yesterday.
He observed that he had already showed to the
House that, previous to the adoption of the English
bill of rights, Parliament had resolved that it would
receive no petitions on certain subjects, and that
there were many precedents on which petitions had
been refused by it. He also stated that, in the
course of his argument, he intended to take Ameri-
can precedents, and show from them, as he had con-
clusively shown from the English, that it was the
established practice to reject petitions. The first
case to which he would refer in this country, was
that in which a petition was presented in the Senate
of the United States on the subject of the removal
of the deposites; upon which occasion, Mr. Clay
objected to its reception. The question being put
upon its reception, the vote was taken by yeas and
nays, and decided in the negative. He would not
take up the time of the House by reading the yeas
and nays; it was sufficient to say that the motion
not to receive the petition was submitted by Mr.
Clay, which ought to satisfy a number of members
on that floor; and it was sufficient to say that, the
Senatej being the most august body in the world,
the precedent ought to be satisfactory to all. He
would also refer to the precedents in that House,
viz: the Pinckney rule, theAtherton rale,and lastly,
the 21st rule, under which they had been acting for
several years past, and which a Democratic major-
ity wei'e now about to abolish. This last precedent
he deemed the most important, and one that should
govern the House; and, in support of that view, he
would read some passages from Story on the Con-
stitution, an authority that many in that House
must respect.
Mr. B. here read a few extracts from Judge Story,
which the reporter has not been able to obtain, and
therefore cannot insert in the present sketch. Mr.
B. continued, that he had thus brought to the notice
of the House, English precedents previous to the
adoption of the bill of rights, and had also shown
standing rules in the Parliament of that Government
for the rejection of petitions. He had also brought
precedents from the American Senate, and also from
this House; and these, supported by the authority
which he had just read from Judge Story, must be
conclusive in that body. The next question which
he wished to bring to the notice of the House was,
what was the matter contained in this English bill
of rights; because he should show that it was nearly-
identical with that in the amendment to the Consti-
tution he had referred to. If he could show
that the passage of this bill of rights in England
was to secure the personal rights of the subject, and
could trace the same object in the Constitution, he
could also show that they had the same origin, viz:
grievances which it was imperative necessary to re-
dress. One of the grievances set forth in the for-
mer was in these words—"prosecuting those who
petition the King;" and the bill declares the
right of the people to petition the King, and that all
prosecutions and commitments on that account are
illegal. The object, then, of the adoption of the bill
of rights, was to protect the subject from commit-
ment and prosecution, and no other; and if gentle-
men would take the trouble to examine the proof,
they would find that there was not a solitary loop
to hang a doubt on. It was not the right of peti-
tion, as claimed here, that occasioned the adoption
of that bill, but it was to prevent the people from
being prosecuted and committed for petition-
ing;'and this, he contended, was the sole object
that the framers of the Constitution had in view.
The language of the Constitution was, "Congress
shall make no law abridging the right of ^tlie people
peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Govern-
ment for a redress of grievances;" and what tribunal
was the law-mukingpower vested in in this country?
The House of Representatives of itself could make
no law ; it must pass both branches of the Legisla-
ture, and be approved of by the President before it
can become a law. He wanted honorable gen-
tlemen to go further with him in the examination of
this amendment of the Constitution. "The right of
the people peaceably to assemble, and petition the
Government for a redress of grievances," was the
language, used in it. What was the situation of ihe
people of England when the bill of right was adopt-
ed? They were not permitted to assemble to - peti-
tion the Government; and you find the language of
this grievance incorporated' in the Constitution; tuid
there was no other object intended by it, but to pro-
tect the people from the infliction by Congress-of
this grievance.
Now, there was another clause of the Constitu-
tion, which, at this stage of his remarks, he would
notice. It was that clause declaring that each House
may determine the rules of its proceedings. Now,
when the House adopted a rule,, did it not determine
the rules of its proceedings, which it was inherent
in the House to do, to protect itself, carry on the
public business, and economize the time ana money
of the country? The Constitution says that "each
House may determine the rules of its proceedings,"
&c.; and in accordance with that provision, they
had established a rule to govern the proceedings of
this House: it was not a law, but it was a rule in
conformity-with the Constitution; and if gentlemen
would examine, they would find that he was ap-
proaching the bearing this had on the right of peti-
tion. Now, this right of petition depended on voli-
tion; the people out of doors might petition, and
others might refuse to do so; while the legislative
body had as much right to refuse, as they had to pe-
tion.
There was another part of the Constitution, which
guaranties to every portion of this Union protection
from domestic violence. Now, if these abolition-
ists were permitted to come in and excite domestic
violence in the country, he asked what kind of Gov-
ernment it was that was to raise troops to put down
domestic violence which was excited by proceedings
here. When members of that House saw that this
agitation was calculated to excite domestic violence,
and lead to dissensions and disunion, he asked if it
was not their duty to check everything of that char-
acter. He would call the attention of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] who had
presented the greatest number of these abolition pe-
titions, to the compromises of that compact by
which this Government came into existence; and he
would ask him, if the grievance which these
petitions complained of was not considered such at
that time, if good faith did not require that it
should not be brought up now, and that the com-
pact should he carried out to the very letter.
He heard the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Beardsley] proclaim on this floor, that, by virtue
of the powers given m the Constitution to amend it,
in his opinion slavery could be abolished in
this country, and still the integrity of the Union be
preserved. He would tell the gentleman to "lay
not that flattering unction to his soul." He would
tell him that when a bill of that kind passed this
House, if the Southern members remained on
the floor, they would have to call on the rocks and
mountains to hide them from the indignation of a
betrayed people. He would tell him that, when
that time arrived, the Southern man who stood by
and saw it done, would have a mark put on his
forehead as indelible as that put on Cain. Talk not
to him of amendments to the Constitution. Talk
not to him of taking away the slave representation
of the South. You cannot do it (said Mr. B.) but
by revolution; and even that the gentleman would
find to fail in accomplishing the object.
Another gentleman [Mr. Dams] said that, because
slavery had never been expreesly recognised by law
in the District of Columbia, it did not exist here; and
that therefore it might be abolished by Congress.
He asked these gentlemen, when they carried out
their designs what was to become of the slave pop-
ularion of the country? Were they to be devouring
locusts in the land? Were they to have an amalga-
mation law, by which the two races might be blend-
ed in one? What was to become of them? Would
they be received at the North? He asked gentlemen
what had become of the two hundred millions of
money that had been raised by the slave labor of
the South. A very small portion of it had gone into
the land offices of the Southwest. Had the South
eaten or drunk it? If so, they must be the greatest
gluttons on earth. Where had it gone to? Why, by
the silent' operations of tariffs, the banking sys-
tem, &c., it had gone to build up the great
cities of Boston, New Yolk, and Plii'adelphia,
and no small portion of it to the rivers and harbors
of the West and the. North. He asked gentlemen,
then, what did they expect to gain by the abolition
of slavery? But the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Bearsslet,] laid down a doctrine which th«
