156
appendix; to the congressional globe.
Feb. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Woodbury.
Senate.
previously engaged in agriculture, commerce, and
the fisheries.
Now, did this change In pursuit of a thousand
Americans increase the number of Americans before
existing? It was still but a thousand ip the new em-
ployment. And did the change make their labor
and capital any more American than it had been be-
fore, by going from agriculture to manufacturers?
So, if a portion of our present manufacturers under
lower duties should quit these for the plough, the
counter, or the deck, where they or.their fathers be-
fore labored,—would they, -by this restoration,
cease to be Americans, or their industry cease to be
American? By no means. And the prejudice ex-
cited by partisans against the foreign or pauper la-
bor of Europe, in order to color the truth as to the
case just stated, (but which it is perceived has no
concern with it, as, after and before the change, the
labor of the same persons is jwst as American and
just as litte European as it was before,) is a preju-
dice which is to operate only when beneficial to
them, and never when hostile to their interests.
They never reject the pauper labor of Europe, if it
emigrates here and works at lower wages in their
establishments; but they invite it hither and hunt
for it in Canada. They never reject it, if it comes
here in the shape of new improvements in their ma-
chinery or dyes; but they send agents across the
Atlantic to buy and import it. In fine, they never
reject, but discriminate in favor of it, as compared
with other articles, if it comes here as a raw material
useful to manufactures.
The beggarly lazzaroni of Naples may labor to
oollect rags for paper, and it is all very well for the
manufacturer to encourage it by a low rather than
prohibitory duty, and make the community pay a
high one on the paper manufactured from them.
The convict laborer of New Holland, and the slaves
of Morocco, may shear cheap wool and send it here
ree, or at a pittance of duty, to be used by the manu-
facturers, while those who use the woollens made from
it must pay a high tax on them. Even the Indian
toil of Chili or lkienos Ayres may throw the lasso
and collect hides at small expense, and the manufac-
turers are willing to benefit at the lowest duties on
them by all that pauper labor, and charge us high
for the leather made from them; and act simikuly
by the labor of the serfs of Russia in raising hemp,
which, though paying a higher duty, pays one not
half so high as is imposed on us for the manufac-
ture of it; and, without giving more instances, the
very garments we wear are colored m part by
indigo, cultivated by the slave labor of India, ad-
mitted free here; though the garments are taxed
high, and though il is an American production, and
once considerably raised in the Southern Slates.
Hence there is no indemnity for the other injuries
of the protective system, by its employing or
encouraging, in these ways, either American
labor or capital; but, on the contrary, a direct
discrimination in favor of the pauper labor all
the world over, to the injury of all American
labor at all competing with it, or which mi^ht
compete with it, if protected by as high a du-
ty as is imposed on the manufactures from it.
And why not shield our labor in one case as fully
as in the other; and by a like duty, if any of it is
evoted or would then be to such productions' And
if the farmer (not now financier) of Andalusia
should ask for more protection for his pine apples
and grapes, could he not defend the prayer m aid of
his American labor and capital, quite as plausibly
as some parts of the present system are defended?
To show in other respects how little averse its
friends are to the use of foreign labor and foreign
products, when useful to them, and that entirely free,
let me refer the Senate to thirty or forty such arti-
cles in the act of 1842—a list of most of which is
appended to table No. 4.
The only escape from all this is a mere question
of dollars and cents in profit and loss by manufac-
tures over other pursuits; and not the plausible but
exploded one, that they are more American, and there-
fore more patriotic. But as to those greater gams,
we have already attempted to explain how, m the
long run, the species of manufactures raised up by
high protection has not been durably productive of
large profits to the whole engaged in them, or of ad-
vantage to the community as a whole.
If the restrictive system, then, employs no more.
American labor and capital than would be employ-
ed in other pursuits and in profitable manufactures
• here without it; if it uses foreign labor and foreign
products whenever more beneficial to the manufac-
turers themselves; if, in fine, it yields no greater prof-
its to the whole country, as a whole, no greater abil-
ity and prosperity tlr.n without it,—I entreat
gentlemen to point out how it is more patriotic,
or useful than other pursuits, so as to produce those
great advantages, in a general point of view, which
are supposed by some to counterbalance the many
evils already explained. The only specific position
left in their favor, unexamined, is that they tend to
make us independent, as a nation, of other countries.
It s not independence in producing instruments and
munitions of war, and for national defence, as many
erroneously suppose; since those we have long made
for ourselves, and the duties, high or low, are of
little consequence; but it is independence for the ne-
cessaries and comforts, as well as some of the luxu-
ries of everyday and peaceful life. Yes, sir, this
kind of independence is gravely urged as momentous
to the nation, and for other classes, when the manu-
facturers themselves go to foreign countries for all
their raw materials, dyes, and machinery, when ob-
tained there cheaper; when they are dependent—
and it is a part of their system to remain dependent
on foreign countries for much of their hides, hemp,
cheap wool, indigo, and hundreds of other articles,
because they obtain them at lower prices there.
Can gentlemen forget that this is an admission of all
we contend for, which is to be dependent on other
countries for manufactures themselves, no less than
other articles, when we can obtain them there cheap-
er, and only then?
On this principle we only ask leave to amend this
partial system, so that We may go for fine cottons and
woollens to England and France, where long experi-
ence and skill, and great capital, enable them to make
such articles cheaper than here, and where improve-
ments, too, are rapid and great. So when depend-
ence here between different classes and pursuits is
commended by eloquent arguments in favor of diver-
sity of pursuits and sweet interchanges of industry, is
it forgotten that, under our system, this variety and
kindness would still remain to a useful extent, and
be, by our commerce, diffused wider to all people'
It is this mutual dependence among inhabitants of
all nations, as well as of the same, which is the
great nurse of commerce, and wealth, and civiliza-
tion. It divides among them the surplus of each
as well as all their arts and learning and other ex-
cellencies. It is the pathfinder,not only to mutual
gain, but a purer religion and higher prosperity,
and more durable peace the world over. Foreign
nations thus become as dependent, on us as we on
them—not political dependence, which is often in-
advertently confounded with this, but social and
commercial and literary dependence, which is the
best guarantee of progress in human affairs.
It is folly to suppose that we or any other nation
can unite successfully within itself the productions
and manufactures of all others—all climates, and all
stages of civilization; that we or England can
raise as cheap and usefully the drugs of Turkey as
Turkey herself, or the fruits of Spain, or wines of
France; or they compete with England in making
iron, or with us in raising cotton or pork,
or making lead. And hence, while we ought not
to become fanatics or visionaries, attempting to
concentrate everything in one spot, (which alone
could be effected by Deity, but never yet, for wise
reasons, has been done even by Him,) let us be con-
tent to buy all we need where it can without force
be produced cheapest, whether at home or abroad;
and sell all we do not need where it will bring most,
whether at home or abroad. In this way, we shall
follow out the apparent dictates of Providence, in
giving advantages, in some things, to all climates
and people, to be exchanged with others through the
blessings of free commerce, and thus adopting the
best apparent method of increasing our prosperity,
and extending civilization, and securing peace
throughout the world.
While all has changed, and is moving onward, are
we to go back and cling to the dark restrictive systems
of a ruder civilization?—are we prepared to take the
backward step, so as to protect, by discriminating
duties, the old channels of commerce by the Eu-
phrates and the isthmus of Suez, and again to build
up Tyre, Alexandria, and Venice, rather than doub-
ling the Cape of Good Hope? Are we to tax higher
the use of steam in navigation, so as to encouiage
oars and sails?
By officious legislation, sir, are we to stop all
improvement; and, while this new power in com-
merce is bringing all nearer, and making every peo-
ple better acquainted with each other's wants and
abundance, not only transferring St. Louis to Pitts-
burgh, and New Orleans to Charleston, but Europe
as near as Halifax in days of yore, are we to coun-
teract these new facilities for more intimate, enlarged,
prosperous, and free trade, and while the Celes-
tial empire itself is opening its ports under the prog-
ress of the age, virtually block all foreign ones up
to us and ours forever, by a more stringent and re-
strictive policy on our part'
Much more must we beware of pushing this
selfish system so as to operate not equally on
one great people, but invidiously on sections and
classes. Still more must we beware of such an
unjust course among ourselves, and under our
peculiar form of government, founded and to
be sustained only on mutual concessions, mu-
tual sacrifices and gains, and what should be du-
rable and faithful compromises. Beware, sir, of
seeking to escape from such compromises—though in
technical legislation not forever binding—lest all ami-
cable and honorary engagements become stripped of
much of their moral force, and we seem punic in
appearance, if not in reality. Beware, too, of a
permanent return to that system which has once
been abandoned for its perils to all held holy in our
political brotherhood. Beware of tearing open, to
fester anew and worse, old wounds that had been
mostly healed, and which wrong is. inflicted by
the excrcisc of such doubtful powers as will justify
the wildest schemes of internal improvement, for
that general welfare which can be set up by the inter-
ested in defence of all extravagances, can justify dis-
tributions of the public treasures or public lands,
and end in the assumption of two hundred millions
of State debts. Beware of a policy, constitutional
or otherwise, whose tendency is like that which, in
the British; corn laws, now agitates our parent coun-
try to its centre.
Above all, sir, let us, like the senator from Maine,
read the injunctions of the farewell address of the
father of his country against the causes of disunion,
as well as disunion itself. Let him read and re-read
the injunctions of that warning voice against the spirit
of partiality and encroachment towards fraternal
rights—against the inroads that fanaticism, or avarice,
or party, in the domineering spirit of powerful major-
ities, may be tempted to risk. Let him tell them to
beware as to inconsiderate memorials here to dis-
solve that hallowed Union, on account of one of
the compromises which led to it; and above, all, to
beware how petitions are encouraged which, under
the distresses of war, formerly were confined to a fac-
tion, and died on their way hither, at the news of
peace. Beware how such petitions are now en-
couraged to stalk into this very hall, from State le-
gislatures, and urge us to unsettle the great compro-
mises on which the Union itself rests, and which,
if prostrated, may lead not only to separation, but
scenes of border warfare, if not servile conflagration
and carnage such as never before crimsoned the
pages of history.
Tables referred to in Mr. Woodbury's speech.
Table No. 1.
Several articles which pay a higher duty by the tariff of
1842 than that qf 1826.
Articles.
Boots, silk
Coal—
at 28 bus. pr. ton
at Q5 net
Cordage, tarred
"Cottons
Cotton-bagging
Cotton laces -
Glass, some kinds -
Glass bottles -
Molasses
Saddlery
Shoes, some -
Silks, some -
Steel, pr. cwt.
Twine
Ware, crockery
Ware, japanned
Woollens, some
Woollens, camlets -
1828.
30 cts. pr. pair
C cts. pr. bush
1.48)
1-30 5
4 cts. pr. lb.
80 pr. cent.
C cents (
< pr. square <
( yard. {
12J pr. cent.
400 pr. cent.
^2 to 3 pr. doz
5 cents pr. gal
25 pr. cent.
25 cts. pr. pair
20 pr. cent.
$1 50
5 cents pr.
20 pr. cent.
25 pr. cent.
50 pr. cent.
15 pr. cent.
lb.
1849.
40 cts. pr. pair.
$1 50
4j cts. pr. lb.
100 pr. cent.
4 cts. pr. sq. yd
and 5 if gun-
ny cloth.
20 pr. cent.
500 or more.
$2] to 4.
5j on weight.
30 pr. cent.
30 pr. cent.
30 to 60 pr. ct.
$2 50
J pr. lb.
SO pr. cent.
30 pr. cent.
40 to 67 pr. ct.
20 pr. cent.
*On one kind of cottons, such as printed handkerchiefs,
the duty is more than a hundred per cent, higher than m
IStiS; and many of the specific duties in this table would he
much more above those in 1828, if reduced to a scale ad
valorem.
