i42
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Gerritt Smiths and Burneys had never yet come up
to. He had gone a step farther than the leading
abolitionists of the country, when he said that Con-
fress had a right to emancipate the slaves of this
>istrict without paying for them.
Mr. BEARDSLEY. The gentleman misunder-
stood me. I never said so; I said that Congress had
a right to emancipate the slaves of the District; but
I waived the question uf compensation.
Mr. BELSER. Well, the gentleman said that
Congress has the right to emancipate the slaves of the
District, without the consent of their masters, and
take the money out of the federal treasury.
Mr. BEARDSLEY said that .he had not said so.
He expressly waived the question as to making
compensation for them,
Mr. BELSER. Well, as far as the gentleman has
gone, it is farther than the greatest abolitionists,
Gerritt Smith, Birney, <fec., have ever gone.
He then spoke of the rightful existence of slavery
in this District; and said, though, as had been ob-
served, Congress had exclusive jurisdiction over this
District, there was a great difference between exclu-
sive and unlimited power. He pursued his argu-
ment on this subject at great length.
Mr. COBB said, at the time the amendment was
offered by his colleague he regretted that such a
motion was made, believing that it would be better
to take the vote after the committee had reported on
the subject, if this report was sent bank on the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Drom-
goole;] but now he was satisfied that a sound vote
could be given on the instructions, which would
finally settle the question as to the existence of the
21st rule. He could not agree with some gentlemen
who had preceded him, that all hope of retaining
that rule was passed; he trusted that the sound judg-
ment of this House would be brought to bear upon
it, and that the South would still have that guaranty
for the proeection of then* rights.
fie regretted that the gentleman from South Caro-
lina [Mr. Riiett] shoaid, in the course of his able
and interesting argument, have expressed the opin-
ion that there existed in the ►Southern States, ami
that it was growing rapidly, a dissatisfaction with
this Union. lie (Mr. C.) disavowed it for his
State. So far as lie was able to form an opinion,
the feeling which pervaded the people of Georgia
wss one of attachment and devotion to the Union;
and it grew with their growth, and strengthened
with their strength.
lie dim proceeded to argue, that the 21st rule
was no violation of the right of petition. The House
had been referred to the English precedents; and
they "were aware that the people of that country
were not permitted to assemble in large numbers,
nor to petition the Government after they had as-
sembled and deliberated; and hence the declaration
of rights. And our forefathers stipulated for the
right of petition, in consequence of what they had
seen and suffered under the English Government;
but as soon as the petition was ofUrcd, he contended
that the right of the petitioners ceased. He entered
fully into an argument on this subject, which he
sustained it(i much ability, lie said the Constitu-
tion of the United States could not be twisted, by
any construction, into an authority for the reception
of these petitions; for if if, were so, they would be
compelled to receive any petition, however disre-
spectful, or be guilty of a violation of the Constitu-
tion. He counselled the House to firmness on this
question, both here and before their constituents;
and instanced the different results of the two courses
pursued by gentlemen from Ohio. One [Mr. Wr,i.-
ler] had nut the question firmly ai iln inception,
and the result had been thai Ins distiha was unob-
jectionable on this subj'vi; but the other gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. had nu:siicd a different
couise; and the result was didlxnt too. He called
upon gentlemen, then, to meet the question, and
maintain the constitutional rights of the .South, un-
biassed by the appi chension of false issuer before
the people,
But he conceived it was a duty which they of the
South owed to the Northern gentlemen who had
advocated the continuance of this rule, to stand by
the rule themselves, and never to forsake it. It
was a duty testing on the Southern representation
in that House, apait from the duty which they
owed their constituents, to suppoit those who had
been sacrificed on account of their devotion to this
cause; for it was an undoubted fact, that some
had been sacrificed; that advantage had been taken
pf their course of conduct on this subject by opposing
candidates; and they had been ousted from their seats,
aud their places supplied by others who were more in-
scrupulous. They owed a duty, he repeated, to these
men—a duty which, he insisted, the South would dis-
charge honestly and faithfully. The gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Clingman] said, in the course of
th is discussion, that if we have placed our friends in a
false position, if they are falling under the fire of the
enemy, it is our duty to sustain them. He did not
know whether he rightly understood the gentleman.
If he alluded to his own political friends, he ques-
tioned very much if any of them would be found in
the list of killed and wounded, f A laugh.] But if
he alluded to Northern Democrats, he would say to
them, hearken not to the voice of the gentle-
man from North Carolina; rather listen to the
voice and counsel of those with whom you
have been associated upon other important
questions; do not discriminate, but give to your
friends in the South the same attention which you
have given them on other occasions. The gentle-
man from North Carolina should have listened to
the remarks of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
who had battled shoulder to shoulder with them of
the South whenever their interest required it. The
gentleman had met his constituents, and had been
returned again; and now, because the South is di-
vided, he feels it his duty to yield. Let it go to the
people—let it be published to the world—that South-
ern men were ruining the cause by their own divi-
sions. He appealed to the Democracy of that House.
Was there one in that House—could there be one
returned to that House, who would yield up the
inestimable right which had been granted to them
under a rule of that House! The division of the
South. It existed not with the Democracy; they
had not divided; they would not divide; and
he trusted very few of their Southern friends would
be found following in the wake of the gentleman
from North Carolina. He saw many gentlemen
around him who had sanctioned that rule, and yet
had been again returned by their constituents to
that House. But on the other hand, how many
had been returned of those who had abandoned
the rule? Where were they5 Their places were
filled by those who, he trusted, would more worthi-
ly fill them. Where were those who, on a
former occasion, abandoned the South—who, on
voting on this delicate, important, and all-absording
question, took opposite ground to that of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts and the gentleman from
Ohio? Their votes in that connexion would not an-
swer the demands of the South. The South were
not willing to trust their rights to such guardian-
ship. They feared the result; and well they might.
But suppose the point were yielded, and the 21st
rule dispensed with: how would they be met
by gentlemen on that floor, who were de-
claring that all they asked was a mere reception
of their petitions. They did not ask that they should
be referred, debated, or reported upon. But he was
not prepared to trust to such pledges. What had
become of all the pledges which were given at the
time the 21st rule was established* The question
had been met fairly, openly, and with a determina-
tion not to yield to a false issue during the Whig
Congress. And was it now to be abandoned in this
Congress? No. If the pitiful favor of receiving
the petition and placing it upon the table were
granted without any other action upon it, what
would those individuals who had driven them into
that grant next say to that House? They would
raise the same difficulties which were now opposing
them- They would «ay, ft is true you have ie-
ccived our petitions, but that is not the fulfilment of
the great right which we claim. They would never
be satisfu d.
The SPEAKER here announced that the morn-
ing hour had expired.
Mr. ADAiMJS said he hoped the gentleman would
be permitted to proceed with his remarks.
The SPEAKER inquired if the gentleman from
Massachusetts intended to mo\e a suspension of the
rules.
Mr. ADAMS declined doing so, ns the gentle-
man from Georgia did not seem desirous of pro-
ceeding.
The SPEAKER presented to the House rhe fol-
lowing
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS .*
I. A letter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting, i-i compliance with the act of April, 21, 1808
and 1809, statements of all contracts made by the
bureau under the direction of this department du-
ring the year 184.3, with copies of the contracts for
stationery, printing, and binding; which letter and
statements were ordered to lie on the table.
2. A letter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting the annual report of the Commissioner of Pen-
sions, containing a list of applicants for pensions,
or whose claims have been rejected during the past
year.
3. A letter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting, in obedience of a resolution of the House of the
9th instant, a report of Capt. Wm. H. Bell of the
St. Louis Arsenal, relative to the mineral lands of
the Upper Mississippi; referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
4. A letter from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, transmitting a report on the present condition
of the revenue marine service; which was laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
Messrs. BELSER and COBB occupied the floor
during the morning hour on this subject.
On motion by Mr. CAVE JOHNSON, the House
then went into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, (Mr. Winthrop in the chair,) and
took up the subject of the reference of that portion
of the President's message which relates to the
IMPROVEMENT OF THE WESTERN WATERS.
Mr. JAMESON, being entitled to the floor, pro-
ceeded to address the committee^ He had not in-
tended, at this stage of the proceedings, to occupy
the attention of the committee; but so many false
issues had been made upon the question under con-
sideration, that he considered it to be his duty to
explain his views upon the subject. Unfortunately,
there seemed to be a disposition on the part of some
of the Eastern, and of the Western members also,
upon that floor, to excite sectional jealousy in the
discussion of this matter, by making invidious dis-
tinctions or comparisons between the West and the
East. They ought all, upon that floor, to consider
themselves as belonging to one great family—all
determined to take care of every individual portion
of the Union, and each portion to take care
of the whole. He was aware that the West-
ern interests of this Union hod received from
other sections a helping hand. He was aware that
the State of New \ ork, which seemed to have be-
come somewhat sensitive in relation to this matter,
on account of certain remarks which had been
thrown out by gentlemen from the West, had hith-
erto ranged herself on the side of Western interests.
It was not his object, therefore, to array the West-
em interest against that State, or against any of the
Southern States, or to make any union of interests
for the purpose of carrying any measure which had
not in itself true merit to recommend it. He dif-
fered from some gentlemen in tolo in relation
to where this subject should be referred. He had no-
thing against the Committee on Commerce on the
score of illiberality towards Western interests—far
from it; but the ground he took was, that each and
every interest of the Union should be placed in the
hands of those directly interested in it. This posi-
tion might be illustrated by a plain and simple figure;
you should never put a child in the hands of a nurse
who cares nothing for it. It was a rule laid down
by Mr. Jefferson himself, that each particular in-
terest in every portion and section of the Union
should have an opportunity of bringing forward
their own measures m the strongest possible shape.
After that was done, it was for the House to
determine whether those interests possessed
such merits as would authorize them to grant
their demands. He denied that the report of a
select committee, m an intelligent body like this,
would have les? weight than that of a standing
comnul tee. It was ihe meiif- of the subject Kferred,
winch should give weight to the report, and enutle
it to favorable consociation. He could not, for his
life, see why so much p-ixiety should exM on the
part (if Ins fi lends from New York, to have this
matter referred to the Committee on Commerce. He
was perfpf tly willing that the gentleman should refer
to that coivumitLC then Eastern interests. He would
not dv-Mire to h.ue given to his charge, as a Western
man, the interests of the East; and he had supposed
that they would be equal!} glad to get nd of the
matters which moie particularlv referred to the
Western section of the Union. He did not, in these
observations, intend, in the remotest degree, to cast
censure upon the Committee on Commerce; he was
guided solely by the principle laid down by Jeffer-
son himself.
Mr. J. then noticed the trifling amount of appropri
ations that had been made for the Western waters,
and compared it with the large appropriations that
