-v. - 9
congressional globe.
had been made with so liberal a hand for the East;
arguing that justice, as well as good poliey, required
that the West should have an equal share of the fa-
vors of the Government. On the constitutional ques-
tion involved, he showed that appropriations for the
protection of Western commerce were as much
sanctioned by the Constitution as appropriations for
the Atlantic commerce; and contended that that in-
strument recognised no such absurd distinction as
that between commerce on salt, and commerce on
fresh water; that whether our merchandise was
transported on the Mississippi and its tributaries, on
the lakes, or on the ocean, or the waters emptying
into it, it was still American commerce, and equally
deserving of protection. After showing the vast
amount of losses annually on the Mississippi and
other Western rivers for want of the necessary ex-
penditures for the removal of obstructions to their
navigation, he went on to cite the authority of Mr.
Jefferson, Mr. Madison, Mr. Monroe, ana General
Jackson, in favor of the constitutionality and expe-
diency of appropriations of the public money for
such objects.
He then went into some general remarks on the
subject of the tariff, which had been introduced into
this debate, and spoke of the burdens which it
threw upon the people of the West. He also replied
to. some portions of the speeches of-Mr. Hunt of
New York and others, and defended Mr. Van Bu-
ren against the imputation that he had neglected
Western interests.
Mr. A. STEWART of Pennsylvania obtained
the floor, but he yielded to a motion to rise; and the
committee accordingly rose, and reported progress.
Mr. BURKE withdrew some papers from the
files of the House; but the object was not under-
stood.
disobedience op the "will of the house
of representatives.
Mr. C. JOHNSON submitted a resolution, call-
ing upon the head of the Navy Department to state
to this House wiiy a resolution, passed 011 the 9th
of August, 1842, calling for certain information from
that department, had not been complied with. The
precise terms of the resolution were not distinctly
heard as it was read.
Mr. J. CAMPBELL objected to the resolution;
and a motion at the same time was made to ad-
journ.
Mr. WELLER asked permission, before the
House adjourned, to give notice of a motion to re-
consider a resolution submitted this morning hy
Mr. Patterson of New York, calling upon the
Postmaster Geneial for certain information in rela-
tion to the business of the post office.
Mr. PATTERSON stated that the resolution
called for information for twelve months past; but
he now understood that such information was not in
the possession-of the department. There was, how-
ever, the required facts for one Ynonth; and, as that
would answer the purpose of his inquiry, he hoped
the House would consent to reconsider, that the res-
olution might be so amended as to call for informa-
tion for one month only.
It was understood, amidst the confusion that pre-
vailed, that the noticc was leceived.
Mr. C. JOHNSON then moved a suspension of
the rules, for the purpose of obtaining an opportuni-
ty to get in his resolution, remarking that nearly two
years had elapsed since the call to which his reso-
lution referred had been made upon the Navy De-
partment.
Mr. WELLER observed that there was not a
quorum in attendance; and therefore he moved an
adjournment.
'Mr. C. JOHNSON called for the yeas and nays
thereon; but they were not ordered; and
The House adjourned.
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day, were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
By Mr. DAVIS of Indiana: The petition of J. W.
Briggs and twenty-nine other citizens of Sullivan
county, Indiana, asking a donation of land to im-
prove the navigation of the Wabash river.
By Mr. MURPHY: The petition of Eli Darling,
for relief: referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
By Mr. PHCENIX: The petition of the repre-
sentatives of the yearly meetings of the society of
Friends for New England and New York, asking
the attention of the General Government to the con-
dition of the aborigines of our country: referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
By Mr. ST. JOHN: The petition of H. S. Has-
nier and one hundred and forty-seven other citizens
of Ohio, asking a donation of lands to improve the
navigation of the Wabash river: referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
By Mr. HOLMES: The petition of the merchants
of Charleston, South Carolina, for repairs to the
custom-house at Charleston.
By Mr. SEYMOUR of New York: The petition
and papers of Benjamin , of Troy, New York,
praying for remuneration for certain damages sus-
tained by him.
By Mr. DODGE of Wisconsin: Two petitions,
signed by five hundred and fifty citizens of the Ter-
ritory of Wisconsin, asking Congress for an appro-
priation for a harbor at the town of Southport,
Racine county, in said Territory: referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. LEONARD: The petition of Susannah
Langreen, for a pension: referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 15, 1844.
The PRESIDENT pro tern, laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, covering a report from the Register of the
Treasury, made in compliance with a resolution of
the .Senate of the 18th ult., showing what amount
of money is due the State of Mississippi on account
of the two per cent, and the three per cent, funds,
and on account of the distribution fund, &c..; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Also, a report from the Treasury Department,
covering a report from the Second Auditor of the
Tieasury, made in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate of December '10, 1843, showing the
amount of money paid on certificates of the board
of commissioners under the 17th article of the
Cherokee treaty, &o.; which, on motion of Mr.
JARNAGIN, was laid on the table till a report
upon the same subject shall have been received
from the War Department.
Also, a report from the War Department, in com-
pliance with two several acts of Congress, covering
statements of all the contracts made by all the bu-
reaus under that department for the year 1843: or-
dered to lie on the table.
Also, a communication from the War Depart-
ment, transmitting a statement and report of the
names of the clerks and other persons employed 111
that department in the year 1843: ordered to lie 011
the tabic.
Also, a communication from the War Depart-
ment, transmitting the annual report of the Com-
missioner of Pensions, containing a list of applica-
tions for pensions, and increase of pensions, whose
claims were rejected m 1842 and '43. A motion to
print was referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. BAGBY presented the presentment of the
grand jury of the Mobile district, Alabama, 011 the
subject of the erection of a house for the accommo-
dation of the court in that district: referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr- HUNTINGTON presented a memorial of
the representatives of the yearly meeting of the So-
ciety of Friends of New England and New York,
calling the attention of Congress to the condition of
the aborigines: referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Also presented a memorial from a number of cit-
izens of Indiana, asking Congress to make a grant
of a certain portion of the unsold lands in the
Yincennes district, to open a direct communication
between Lake Erie and the Oluo rivers; which was
referred to the Committee 011 the Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. UPHAM, it was ordered that
the petition of Azael Spalding, piaying compensa-
tion for his services as a pension agent, be taken
fiom the files, and referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. BREESE, on leave, introduced a hill declar-
ing the assent of Congress to the State of Illinois
to improve a tax 011 lands hereafter sold 111 that
State by the United States, from and after the sale
of such lands; which was twice read, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WALKER presented a petition from John
J. McCaughan, of the State of Mississippi, praying
confirmation of title to a tract of land in that State;
which was refeired to the Committee 011 Public
Lands. . ■ « ™
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented a petition from Wil-
liam A. Palmer and others, praying for the estab-
lishment of a mail route from Jonesborbugh, through
Machias, by the way of Whitoeyville, on Middle
river, to East Machias: referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE presented a memorial from'
187 citizens of Michigan, praying a reduction of the
rates of postage; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, a petition from sundry citizens of McComb
county, Michigan, asking an appropriation for the
improvement of the mouth of Clinton river, and for
the erection of a light-house: referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial signed
by several thousand citizens of Philadelphia, and
one from citizens of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, asking
for a reduction of the rates of postage on letters,
periodicals, and newspapers. Mr. B. expressed a
wish that the prayers of the memorialists would be
complied with. The memorials were referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
On motion by Mr. BENTON, it was ordered that
the petition of Alexander Watson, praying indemni-
ty for losses of property in Florida, be taken from
the files, and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolution;
which lies one day on the table, under the rule, viz:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs
be directed to inquire whether any wrong or injury
has been done to the Winnebago Indians by with-
holding part of their annuity, or by applying any
part thereof to unauthorized purposes.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
Peter S. V. Hamot, asking that, on account of the
negligent conduct of Government, a certain sum of
money may be refunded him, which he was ob-
liged to pay the United States, under judgment and
execution, as bail of Thomas Foster, the then col-
lector for the port of Presque Isle, in the State of
Pennsylvania: referred to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. HANNEGAN presented a petition, very nu-
merously signed by citizens of Carroll county, m the
State of Indiana, praying the establishment of the
Western armory at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania: refer-
red to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, two petitions from citizens of Indiana, pray-
ing a grant of an additional quantity of land to In-
diana, for the purpose of completing the Wabash
and Erie Canal to the Ohio river: referred to the
Committee 011 Roads and Canals.
Mr. WOODBURY presented a petition from Dr.
M. F. Thornton,praying that, in the settlement of his
accounts, the sum of $858 may be allowed him for
purser's stores, which were destroyed on board the
United States ship Erie by a hurricane: referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs. **
Mr. DAYTON presented a petition from Mary
Garrison, Martha Emmel, Mary Baird, Margaret
F. Morris, and others, widows of revolutionary
soldiers, who were pensioners for five years, pray-
ing to be placed 011 the pension list as pensioners
for life: referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BAYARD presented a memorial from Thos.
George Clinton, M. D., of Virginia, in relation to
certain improvements on steam engines: referred to
the Committee on Neval Affairs.
On Motion by Mr. JARNAGIN, the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of John Mor-
gan, praying compensation for military services;
"and the petition of Christopher Miller .for services
rendered as Indian spy under General Wayne; and
they were referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. JARNAGIN, from the Committee 011 Revo-
lutionary Claims, to which were referred the petition
of the heirs of Daniel Truehart, praying indemnity
for property destroyed by the enemy during the
revolutionary war; the petition of Charles Morgan,
praying compensation for the services of his father
in the revolutionary war; and the petition of the
heirs and legal representatives of William Lomax,
—made adverse reports thereon; which were order-
ed to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. JARNAGIN, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to which was referred
the petition of E. B. & S. Ward, praying indemnity
for losses on a contract entered into with the Post
Office Department, made an adverse report thereon;
which was ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
Mr. BATES, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which the subject had been referred by resolution
of the Senate, reported a bill making compensation
