144
CONGRESSIONAL GtOBfc.
to pension agents; which was read, and ordered
to a second reading.
Mr. BATES remarked that the provisions of the
bill were prospective in their character; and moved
that the Committee on Pensions be discharged from
the further consideration of all petitions before it
praying compensation for services heretofore per-
formed as pension agents: agreed to.
Mr. PORTER gave notice that he would, to-
morrow, ask leave to introduce a bill to provide for
the construction of a canal around the Falls of St.
Mary's.
On motion by Mr. BAYARD, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and, after a long session therein,
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 15, 1844.
The journal having been read—
Mr. RELFE rose and moved the suspension of
the rules, to enable him to introduce the following
resolution:
Resolved, That, after three o'clock to-morrow, the
Committee of the Whole House be discharged from
the further consideration of the resolution in commit-
tee, refering so much of the President's message as
relates to the "Western waters to the Committee on
Commerce, and that the said resolution be reported
with the amendments, if any, at that hour.
Mr. RELFE remarked that he was induced to
propose to this resolution from various consider-
ations. The subject had been before the committee
for many days, eliciting much debate, and it did seem
to him, the subject was exhausted, at least so far as
concerned information necessary to the House; but
a more imperious necessity prompted him to present
and urge upon the House the adoption of the resolu-
tion. yesterday's mail brought the melancholy in-
telligence of the wreck of another steamboat in the
Mississippi river, almost within the harbor of St.
Louis, which caused the loss of life to some fifty or
sixty persons, under the most distressing circum-
stances. We have heard, (said Mr. Relfe,) from day
to day, in this House, strong professions of friendly
feeling towards Western appropriations, by gentle-
men from the South, the North, and the East; and
he would now earnestly ask of those gentlemen to
give some immediate action on this matter. It is
action we want to satisfy Western people; give us
the means of protecting the lives and property of
our people against the dangers of Western naviga-
tion.
The question was then taken, resulting in 71 ayes
and 61 noes:
So the suspension was not carried, there not being
a majority of two-thirds.
PRANKING PRIVILEGES.
The following resolution submitted by M. Pat-
terson on Saturday, was taken up for consider-
tion:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be directed
to report to this House the number of drop and free
letters each, received at all the post offices in the
United States for the last twelve months, ending at
the latest time that he has correct returns; also, such
other information at he may be in possession of, if
any, showing the quantity of mail matter transmitted
through other channels; also, the nearest estimate
that he can furnish of the gross amount of Govern-
ment franking in nil its branches, exclusive of the
Post Office Department, for a single year.
A short discussion then ensued, in which the res-
olution was supported by Messrs. PATTERSON",
BEARDi^LEY, and CARROLL, and opposed by
Mr. HOPKINS.
Mr. KENNEDY said that, inasmuch as the
Chairman of the Committee on the Pom Office and
Post Roads had declared, a few minutes a>jo, that
that committee were unanimous ill favor of a tho-
rough refoini in that department of the Govern-
ment; and inasmuch as the gentleman from New
York, who has just taken his seat, has expressed
his opinion that that reformation should embrace the
relieving the Post Office Department from the bur-
dAn of transmitting communications from the other
depaitments of Government free of postage, he felt
it his duty, as a member of the Committee on the
Po:'. Office and Post Roads, to say, that although he
was favorable to a proper reformation in the post
office charges of the Government, yet that reforma-
tion should be kept within certain defined limits.
Jle stated that lie was willing to reduce the postage
on letters and other mail matter, provided that reduc-
tion would not reduce the net revenues of the de-
partment. This, it is contended, will not be its ef-
fect. If so, well; but on this subject he wished to
be distinctly understood. For one, he intended to
make that department depend entirely on its own rev-
enues for support. In no event would he consent
to charge the general treasury with any part of its
burdens. For, to do so, would be to charge the
great mass of the people, who have but little or no
connexion with its benefits, with the postages of
those who use this department to facilitate their busi-
ness, and increase their pleasure. To such an ar-
rangement he would never consent.
After some further conversation, the reconsidera-
tion, by consent, was postponed until to-morrow.
RESOLUTION DAY.
The SPEAKER announced the call of the States
for resolutions, to be the business next in order.
Mr. REDING offered the following; which lies
over:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report to this House the amount dis-
bursed in each year, and in each State and Ter-
ritory, from 1834 to 1843, both inclusive, for
fortifications, light-houses, public debt, revolu-
tionary and other pensions, internal improve-
ments, including piers, breakwaters, &c., in con-
tinuation of the table prepared in obedience to a call
of this House of the 23d December, 1843.
Mr. SEVERANCE offered the following; which
was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be directed to inquire into the expediency
of further extending the provisions of the act of
July, 1838, by which a pension was granted for five
years from the 4th of March, 1836, to any widow
who was married to a soldier after the expiration of
his last period of service, and before the 1st January,
1794, which debt was, in 1834, extended to March
4th, 1844, when it will expire; and to provide, also,
for those who have become widows of such sol-
diers by the death of their husbands, since March
4th, 1841.
Mr. ADAMS submitted the following resolution;
which lies over, under the rule:
Resolved, That the President of the United States,
be requested to cause to be communicated to this
House, if not incompatible with the public interest,
any complaint of the Government of the Republic
of Texas against the Government or officers of the
United States, for any aggression upon the territory
or the military authority of Texas, and copies of
any correspondence between the two G overnments
relating to the subject.
Mr. KING of Massachusetts oiTered the follow-
ing; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be directed to consider the expediency of
reporting an appropriation for the completion of the
breakwater at Sandy Bay in Massachusetts.
Mr. PHGENIX submitted the following; which
lies over:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be directed
to report to this House the emoluments and dis-
bursements of the lower or branch post office in
the city of New York, embracing the number of
persons employed, and the salaries paid them re-
spectively, the number of boxes disposed of at that
office, and the amount received for them, and the
amount of postage received at each of the offices;
also to report on the propiiety of abolishing the
extra charge of two cents on the letters delivered
fiom that office.
Mr. DANA offered the following; which lies
over:
Resolved btj the Senate and Home of Representatives
of the United State of America in Congress assembled,
(two-thirds of both Houses concurring) That the
following amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, be proposed to the several States, to lie
valid to ail intents and purposes as a part of said
Constitution, when ratified by the Legislatures of
three-fourths of said States, viz:
Any State, instead of appointing clcctors of Pres-
ident and Vice President, may, by a statute of such
State, authorize the people thereof to vote directly
for President and Vice President; such voting may
be at a general or special election held within the
time for appointing electors; every person entitled
be entitled to vote for President and Vice President;
the votes so given shall be counted and canvassed in
such manner as the laws of the State shall provide;
the State canvassers shall make distinct lists of all
persons voted for as President and Vice President,
and. of the number of votes given for each; and cer-
tify which person has the greatest number of votes
for President, and which the greatest number for
Vice President; and shall ssign and transmit, sealed,
such lists and certificates to the seat of government
of the United States, directed to the President of the
Senate; and the certificates shall be opened at the
same time, and in the same manner, as the certifi-
cates of the votes of other States for. President and
Vice President; and there shall be counted for the
person having the greatest number of votes in such
State for President, the number of votes such State
is entitled to give for President; and for the person
having the greatest number of votes in such State
for Vice President, the number of votes such State
is entitled to give for Vice President.
Mr. CARROLL olfered the following; which was
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to report to this House the amount heretofore ex-
pended in the improvement of the harbor at the
mouth of the Genesee river, in the State of New
York, and the amount necessary to complete the
same so as to admit the safe entry of vessels.
Mr. FISH offered the following; which was
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be directed
to communicate to this House at what rates the sil-
ver coins (other than those of the federal coinage)
in usual circulation are received at the post office in
the city of New York; and whether such coins are
or have been disposed of by any of the officers or
clerks in the said post office at a higher rate than
that at which they were received.
Mr. MACLAY offered the following; which was
agreed to:
Resolved, That the petition of Elizabeth Fitch,
and the accompanying papers, asking for the pay of
her husband for services in the revolutionary war,
be taken from the files of the House, and referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
IMPROVEMENT OF THB SUSQUEHANNAH.
On motion of Mr. J. BROWN, the following re-
solution was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of appro-
priating f40,000 to the improvement of the navigation
of the Susquehannah river near its mouth, in the
State of Maryland.
THE NAVY.
Mr. EDWARD J. MORRIS moved the following
resolution, which was read; and, objection being
made, it was laid upon the table one day under the
rule:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be di-
rected to furnish the House with a table of the
comparative cost of building ships-of-the-line, fri-
gates, steamships, and sloops of war, since 1815,
at the different navy-yards in the Union.
A PENSION.
On motion of Mr. FOSTER, the following reso-
lution was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of in-
creasing the pension of William Keller, an invalid
pensioner, or granting him arrears of pension from
the time he was wounded in the service of the Uni-
Stjtes until he was placed on the invalid pension
list; and that his papers, now on the files of this
House, be referred to said committee.
CONGRESSIONAL POST OFFICE.
Oil motion of Mr. STEENROD, it was
Resolced, That the Select Committee on Retrench-
ment be instructed to report a bill to establish one
post office for both Houses of Congress, to be kept
in the Capitol, instead of the two offices now kept.
EXPENSES OF THE GOVERNMENT.
Sir. ANDREW STEWART moved the follow-
ing resolution, which was read; and debate arising
thereon, it was laid over, under the rule, viz:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed so to limit the appropriations
for the support of Government for the next fiscal
