■; ft"
CONGRESSIONAL GLOfli;:
'' *
'X-.
U^sS
tion on the printing of documents, reports, or other
matter transmitted by either of the executive de-
partments, and all memorials, petitions,and accompa-
nying documents, together with ail matter, the
printing of which shall be moved, excepting bills
originating in Congress, resolutions oifered by any
member, and motions to print by order of standing
committees of the House, of reports, documents, or
" other matter pertaining to the subjects, referred to
such committees by the House; and it shall be the
duty of such Committee on Printing to report, in
every case, in one day, or sooner if practicable.
Laid over.
By Mr. BOYD:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to cause this House to be informed, at
the earliest practicable day during the present or
next session of this Congress, what is the aggregate
cost that has been incurred in the construction, and
in the maintenance, and in the repair of light-
houses, permanent and floating; iron, or other spin-
dles; beacons constructed of iron, or of other mate-
rials; piers of all kinds; seawardly river walls,
docks, wharves, breakwaters, and other kinds;
quays, dikes, ice-breakers, breakwaters, buoys, em-
bankments, pavements, jetties, wing, and other
dams; scrape, dredge, snag, and all other kinds of
boats used by Government officers engaged in
making public improvements and defences; bridges,
permanent and temporary; culverts, channels, canals,
drains, river lake, gulf and ocean harbors roadstead;
military post office; Territorial and other roads; tools,
instruments, and machinery employed in and upon
the public works, civil, military, and naval; scien-
tific and all other instruments used by engineers,
and by other persons in the employ of the United
States in any capacity; marine hospitals; ship-yards,
engine shops, machine-shops, rope-walks, and all
mechanical establishments, and buildings and de-
fences connected therewith; distinguishing be-
tween the pay of the officers and of the mechanics
employed therein, from the date of their es-
tablishment, to the period of the latest returns
and adding thereto, but distinguishing therefrom,
the cost of all tools, patterns, models; and machine-
ry of every description used by said officers and
said mechanics; forts, block-houses, barracks; other
fortifications for military purposes: all naval de-
fences, from the smallest gun boats to the ship Penn-
sylvania inclusive; distinguishing in the reply here-
to, as far as practicable, between the cost of the sev-
eral objects included in each of the foregoing items;
also, between the cost of maintaining and the repair-
ing the same; and also designating, as far as practi-
cable, the location of the several objects named in
the foregoing inquiries. The answers to go back to
the day of the adoption of the Federal Constitution.
Also, that the President cause this House to be ac-
curately informed of the cost of all mechanical, sci-
entific, and other experiments, tried at different pe-
riods, under the direction, or with the assent, of the
Departments of War and of the Navy, at the ex-
pense of the United States, accompanied with a
brief and succinct account of the nature, objects,
and result of said experiments.
Mr. WINTHROP moved to amend by adding
the following:
Provided, that the execution of this order shall
not be permitted to interfere with the regular busi-
ness of the departments, and particularly with the
preparation of the annual report of commerce and
navigation. The resolution was laid over.
ANNEXATION OF TEXAS.
Mr. BLACK of Georgia gave notice that, at the
roper Lime, he should move an amendment to the
■ill of this House (No. 21) for the organization of
the Territory of Oregon, so as to embrace the pro-
visional annexation of Texas to the United States.
Mr. BLACK of Georgia offered the following
resolution:
Resohtd, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be
instructed to inquire into the practicability and pro-
priety of removing from the bed of the Savannah
river the old hulk, wreck, and other obstructions
placed therein by the United States during the Revo-
lution, for the purpose of obstructing the progress
of the British forces, and which have been, and
now are, impediments to the navigation and com-
merce of the Union.
Mr. WISE objected to the adoption of the reso-
lution. He was m favor of referring it to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. BLACK hoped the gentleman would with-
draw his objection. With his view, he could not
G
move to send the subject to the Committee' on
Commerce; for while we have the power under the
Constitution to regulale, we have no power to fa-
cililale commerce.
Mr. WISE withdrew his objection.
A member moved the reconsideration of the vote
by which a committee on printing'was appointed;
and after some conversational debate between
Messrs. WISE, WELLER, STEENROD, A.V.
BROWN, and BLACK, the motion for reconside-
ration was agreed to.
The question recurring on the adoption of the
solution—
r. THOMPSON moved to lay it on the table;
™., at the suggestion of Mr. Hopkins, withdrew
the motion; and, by general consent, the subject was
passed over for the present.
Mr. WELLER moved the reconsideration of the
vote on the adoption of the resolution submitted by
Mr. Thomasson, in relation to snagboats on the Mis-
sissippi.
Mr. THOMASSON addressed the House at some
length, in opposition to the reconsideration and in
favor of the resolution.'
Mr. WILKINS addressed the House on the same
subject.
The House then adjourned without taking any
question.
The following petitions presented to-day were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By Mr. MACLAY: Petition of 1,600 citizens of
the city of New York, praying for a reduction of
the rates of postage, and the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege.
By Mr. DAVIS of Indiana: Petition of J. M. H.
Allison, and 220 other citizens of Indiana, asking a
donation of land to assist in completing the Wabash
and Erie canal. The petition of William G. Ross
and 120 other citizens of Indiana, asking a donation
of land to complete the Wabash and Erie canal.
By Mr. PERLEY B. JOHNSON: The petition of
James Little and 57 other citizens of York town-
ship, Morgan county, Ohio, asking for a reduction
of the per diem compensation and perquisites of
members of Congress, and for such a thorough sys-
tem of retrenchment as shall bring the Government
back to its primitive purity: referred to the Com-
mittee on Retrenchment.
By Mr. McCLELLAND: The claim of W. H.
Hoag for the payment of a balance due on a con-
tract for constructing a Government road.
By Mr. STRONG: The petition of several in-
habitants of Southold and Riverhead, on Long
Island, praying that Greenport, on that island, may
be constituted a port of entry and clearance: re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, together
with the papers on the same subject presented
of fliA locjt <sf>c'<air ii
By Mr. BROWN of Indiana: Petition of Fielding
L. Goble and 142 other citizens of Henry and Rush
counties, Indiana, praying an appropriation for the
Cumberland road; which was referred to the Com-
of the Whole on the State of the Union, to which
a bill on the same subject was referred. „
By H. D. FOSTER of Pennsylvania: Petition of
citizens of Cambria county, Pennsylvania, for the
establishment of a post route from Ebensburgh,
Cambria county, to Newman's Mill post office: re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. BIDLACK: Petition of Martha Bennet,
widow of Rufus Bennet, a soldier of the Revolution:
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
By Mr. COLLAMER: Petition of W. Brown But-
ler, praying a grant of laud in Indiana, for inijmn in?
the mivigation, or extending the canal to the mouth
of the Wabash.
By Mr. FISH: Petition of the bank of New
York, for the payment of treasury notes bona fuh
purchased by them, but which are alleged to have
been paid and cancelled, and subsequently put into
circulation. Petition of Col. .Tames Bankliead,
and other officers, for the erection of a chapel on
Governor's Island, N ew Y ork. Petition of Theodore
Frelinghuysen, and others, for the same purpose.
By Mr. WRIGHT of Indiana: Petition ofSamuel
Orr, and 120 other citizens o£ Indiana and Illinois,
asking that Congress would grant to the State of
Indiana the vacant lands in the Vinceimes land dis-
trict, for the purpose of continuing the Wabash and
Erie canal from Terre Haute to Evansville; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
By Mr. TYLER: Petition of J, H. Phelps, and
others, praying for the erection, at a light-house at
the mouth of Cattaraugus Creek, New York; and
for the prosecution of the unfinished works at that
place. • • ' s '
By Mr. HERR1CE: Petition of citizens: of
Maine arid Massachusetts,, for a pier' at" 'the
harbor of Cape Porpoise, in'the Sate of Main e: re-
ferred to the Committee.on Commerce. Petitions
of citizens of Kennebunk Port, and Kennebunk, State
of Maine, fbr a dry dock at the jiavy yardj at, Kit-
tery, near Portsmouth, New- Hampshire: referred
to the Committee on Commerce. Petition of Lot
Davis, for a pension: referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions. '
By Mr. McCAUSLEN: The petition of numer-
ous citizens of Jefferson eotmty, Ohio,'fbr the estab-
lishment of a bridge at Wheeling, Virginia: referred
to the Committee of the Whole House.
By Mr. PURDY: The petition of John A. Collier
and one hundred and seventy-five inhabitants of
Broome county, New York, for the restoration of
General Gaines to his rank, and for other purposes:
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs. Al-
so, the petition of Butler Maynard and others, in-
habitants of Madison county, New York, for the re-
duction of postage and regulation of the franking
privilege: referred to the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads. Also, the petition of Elizabeth
Mead of Chenango county, New York, for relief, on
account of property destroyed by the enemy, and the
revolutionary services of her husband: referred to tlie
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
By Mr. BYRAM GREEN: The petition of the
citizens of Pultneyville, Wayne county, New York,
asking for an appropriation to improve the harbor of
that place.
By Mr. PARMENTER: The petition of Charles
W. Denison, for an appropriation for the benefit of
a fund for a library, to be used by the seamen of the
United States navy.
By Mr. DODGE of Wisconsin: The memorial
of the Council and House of Representatives of the
Territory of Wisconsin, asking Congress to make an
appropriation to defray the expenses of the Legisla-
tive Assembly of said Territory, for their sessions.
held in December and January last: referred to the
Committee on the Territories. A petition signed
by one hundred and twenty citizens of the Territory
of Wisconsin, asking Congress fbr an appropriation
for a Macadamized or other road from the town of
Southport, via the town of Geneva, in Walworth
county, to the town of Beloil, on Rock river: referred
to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
By Mr. CATLIN: The petition of the heirs of
Joseph Young, praying for renmneratiou of losses
sustained by their ancestor, in the burning of his
houses and buildings by the British forces in the
revolutionary war: referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions. jJHfc
By Mr. CALDWELL: iHfition for the benefit
of Isaac Adkins: referred to^PCommittee on Pub-
lic Lands.
By Mr. OWEN: The memorial of George Dean
and seventy-six others, citizens of Indiana, praying
for an appropriation of lands to complete the Centred
Canal to Evansville,
By Mr. ST. JOHN: The petition of J. B. Moore
and one hundred and ninety-nine citizens of Ohio,
asking Congress to take possession of Oregon, and
form a territorial government therein: referred to the
Committee on Territories.
IN SENATE.
Titesdav, January 16, 1844.
The PRESIDENT p-o tem. laid before the Senat®
a communication from the Treasury Department,
covering a report from the Register of the Treasury,
made in compliance with a resolution of the Senate,
of December 19, 1843, as follows: A statement ex-
hibiting the value of imports and exports during the
year ending the 30th September, 1843:
Value imported free of duty - - $40,4/0,961
" " paying duty - - 48,789,934
$89,260,895
Exports of foreign merchan-
dize, viz:
free of duty - $5,205,341
paying duty - 4,363,440
  9,568,781
Domestic produce, &c. - 90,494,485
$100,063,265
Value of the 3d quarter, 1843, partly on estimate,
