Feb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
161
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Rathbun•
H. of Reps.
the representative of a district, but the representative
of the people of the whole State. We know no man
here as the representative of a district. Each of us
is the representative of the people of a particular
State. Our several legislatures always so regard us,
when they adopt resolutions instructing senators and
requesting their representatives to promote some
favorite objector oppose soire obnoxious measure.
The whole second section is an exclusive reien-
tion of all the power necessary to secure the right of
representation; and the only power conferred on
Congress in the whole section is to determine the
ratio, and apportion representatives among the sev-
eral States. The great and essential rights here
retained to the people, Congress has no right to in-
terrupt, or in any way to interfere with. These are
the important rights of freemen, and Congress can
never impair them, without inflicting a wound upon
the States.* In the third section of the same article,
the time, place, and constituent body, or manner, of
decline; senators, are marked out and reserved to the
Stales. The time is six years; the place, m the
States; the manner of electing, by the legislatures
thereof.
The fourth section of the same article is in these
words: "The times, places, and manner of holding
elections for senators and representatives, shall be
prescribed in each State by the legislature thereof;
but the Congress may at any time, by law, make
or alter such regulations." JN'ow, what is the plam
and obvious meaning of the terms used? As to
time and place of holding the elections, there seems
to be no difference of opinion. But the manner of
holding the election: ah ! there lies theiub. A com-
mon-sense construction would say it meant quite a
different thing from the manner of electing. The
question will not arise, who votes? but how do you
vote?—ricri voce, or by ballot? Does the sheriff hold
the election, or the marshal? and who declares the
majority? Because, if you say the manner of hold-
ing means anything more than prescribing, the rules
of conducting, the regulations by which those who
possess the elective franchise shall exercise an ac-
knowledged right, Congress then has the power to
presenbe the qualifications of a voter; and this
clearly conflicts with the plain provisions of the
second section. Congress cannot prescribe a cer-
tain residence in a State as a qualification to a voter,
any more than it can say a certain residence in a State
is a necessary qualification of a member. But, in dis-
tricting the States, Congress must say what citizens
shall, and what shall not vote. And if you can
make one disqualification you can another, till you
destroy the value of the elective franchise altogether.
Sir, these magic words ("manner of holding elec-
tions") are susceptible of a most dangerous con-
struction. Like the words "to establish post offices
and post roads:" efforts were once made, and lfear
the day will again return, when this phrase was
construed to confer on Congress the power to con-
struct and make highways in every direction in this
country; and the scramble began with a view to lay
violent hands on the treasury of the United States,
and to scatter its contents to the four winds of
heaven. But this was arrested by the firmness
and virtue of President Jackson; and the phrase, as
now understood, is harmless. The claim for pow-
er in this government has commenced in a new
place. An expression winch has been long sleep-
ing is suddenly waked up when there is no call to
arms; when there ts no mischief to be remedied; and
under it, a most tremendous power is sought to be
exercised—a power which, if carried out, as it has
'Since the deltveiy of my speech, 1 find the folfowii.frconfir.
mation of my views by .John Taylor, of Uaiollne, Ml l is WOlk
of "Coa<lrue ion Cnnsu lied''—p.ig.-4-l-
"The House pt Representative are to be chosen by the people
ot the several &tolet>\ riot by the people comprised vtIrliiri the
lerrltories ot all. The mill of choice ts confined to the elcct-
oisof the most numerous branch o! the Stale legislatures.
Thus the right ot sutl'raee ts placed upon different grounds m
diflavnl rtd'e*, tlad the constitution of 'he United tflates
been the act of all the people Inhabiting the lei rlt ry of ibe
United Siat'-s, tlnsri^ht wouht havebeen made uinfoim; but,
being theact of the pe. pie ot each State, in their existing po-
litical capacity, the I i=h' of *ull'iage of course remained as it
h-d bjen settled by each in forming rs society.
"Each State m«y elect their lepiesentatives by a general
ticket, as eoine have done; and however they may have dis-
tricted themselves by their own act, tor their own reasons, re-
cotji.'zince of Sta'e individuality by the constitution is as
surer,? as if they had not done so. The modes of choosing both
the President and the Senate coincide also wl'h the opinion
that the eoii*iilnuon considered the Umon as the act of bodies
politic, called States, anil not as the act of a consolidated nation;
and it seems to hive settled us own construction, by providing,
in the case of no election of a President by electors, that he
shall be chosen by the House of Representatives; 'the vote to
be taken by States, the representation ffom ««ch State having
but one vole.1"
been begun, will be fraught with every evil that can
befal a government.
[f Congress can rightfully claim the authority to
district the States, admitting each district to elect
but a single member, Congress can also require that
the people of the States shall elect by general ticket;
for the clause under the construction claimed, is
broad enough to cover the whole subject-matter;
and there is no limitation to the power but the dis-
cretion of Congress. Some of the Statesjnay be
required to elect by districts; others may be con-
stained to elect by general ticket. Some districts
may be allowed to elect only one representative,
while others may be favored with the privilege of
selecting four, six, or ten representatives. With
such an engine in the hands of a corrupt Congress,
having the control of the executive, I will not ask
what could he done? but rather I will aslc what could
not be done? Power could be perpetuated in the
hands of the same corrupt individuals who would
have the daring to play out the game boldly.
The voice of the people could be suppressed;
friends could be provided for; and this House, instead
of reflecting public opinion, would be under the do-
minion of a corrupt faction. Even now, the weaker
party in every Slate of this Union bitterly complain
of the injustice and unfairness shown them in the
division of the State into congressional districts; and
how easy and natural would it be, having once
familiarised the common mind to the. exercise of
the power now claimed, to appeal to their friends
here to come to their relief, and afford them that
advantage which they had vainly endeavored to
obtain from the majority at home. "Would there be
no mischief in this? Would not the consequences
be such as to alarm every lover of his country, and
to destroy all confidence in the government itself'
You may say the evil would correct itself, and de-
feat and overthrow would be the certain fate of that
party who would thus wantonly interfere witli the
domestic arrangements of the States. Such a fale
would they most richly dei;rve. But it is the first
step which always costs. You have unnecessarily
taken, or attempted to take, that first step; and a
whole party are vigorously contending now, even to
the disfranchisement of four States of this Union,
to maintain that first step. Reject the present mem-
bers, expel them from their seats, and you will be
bound to take our step farther, and that is, to dis-
trict the States; and if you district these four States,
you will soon be called upon to district all the
States; and should you stop short in the career,
you will effect a dismemberment of tins Union,
because you will be called upon to enforce your
laws with the strong arm of federal power.
Is it to be presumed, that a grant of a power of
such magnitude could have been inserted into the
constitution without exciting the most serious
alarm? Our constitution was not drawn up loosely,
without much caution. It was not adopted without
a careful scrutiny and deliberate examination.
This section, in all the State conventions, attracted
great attention.
But while the times and places were strongly ob-
jected to, yet few laid any stress upon the "manner
of holding an election." The quotations from de-
bates have been so full, and to me so satisfactory,
I will not take up the time of the House in again
referring you to them. It was considered then, and
till now it has proved, a harmless phrase; and if
confined to its legitimate meaning, of prescribing the
rules or manner of exercising an acknowledged,
vested franchise, the day may yet come when it
may be useful and proper for Congress to exert the
power. But it never can be right, or even defensible,
for an individual, or a legislative body, without any
demand or necessity whatever, to put forth Ins
strong arm, simply because he has the power.
Some harsh reflections have been made upon
these four States for their neglect or refusal to yield
obedience to this most unnecessary command.
However much they may have desired to have
adopted the district system of electing representa-
tives, your order has arrested their action. To give
up an old and familiar system of electing members
under compulsion, strikes at the pride of the States,
and necessarily begets a spirit of resistance. The
States have been uaaccustomed to follow the dictates
of a master; they have met and discharged their
constitutional obligations in their own way, and
according to their own pleasure; and the words of
ati assumed superior grate harshly on their ears;
they have 'done right in suffering this question to
come up for decision, that the construction of this
clause may be settled. Aud should they in future
adopt the district system for themselves, you and
the world will understand that they act from their
own sense of policy and convenience, uninfluenced
by your officious intermeddling with their exclu-
sive rights. They have done right) because, by
changing their course at the word of com-
mand, they would, apparently, have acquiesced
in your unwarranted assumption of poti'er, and
thus have given a sanction to this novel mo>" e or
legislation. They have done right, because you
were wrong in the attempts to control their sovereigif
independent legislative discretion. They have done
right, because, in some instances, both the members
of the legislature and their constituents preferred the
general-ticket system of electing representatives; and
the people of tlie several States have a clear right to
elect according to their own wishes and views of
good policy. But why should 1 enter into a defence
of these States? They do not need my advocacy.
They have done what they, in their sovereign will,
thought they ought to have done; and they have left
undone what they thought they ought not to hay
done; and there is no help but to submit to their
rightful demands.
The gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Belser] dep-
recated the consequences which wptild arise should
the large States adopt the general-ticket system; and
he approved the district system, because the large
States were thus shorn of" their strength, by means
of their own party divisions. But, fio far as that
argument goes, does it not have the sairiccffect upon
the smaller States? and are they not divided in like
manner? But admit that the small States do obtain
some advantage over the large ones by this district
system: is this an argument in favor of the existence
of the power in Congress to form districts within
the States, when, in the other end of this Capitol,
the large and small States are represented by equal
numbers? Is not the good thus derived far more
than counterbalanced by the danger of allowing;
Congress to possess a power which, m the hand:? ot
a corrupt party, could be made the means of de-
feating the popular will altogether; and thus thwart-
ing every measure for the common welfare? The
power claimed could be made stupendous in its ope-
ration, and disastrous in its consequences. I am a
strict constructionist; and each day's experience
but the more clearly convinces me of its
propriety; of the necessity of hedging in
this government, and of keeping it within the nar-
row truck assigned it by its authors. Power is_s-.de
in the States, and particularly in the hands of the
people of the States. The central power of this gov-
ernment is strong enough, by managing the foreign
commercial and diplomatic intercourse of a great
people in time of peace, and by possessing all tlw
sinews of war in times of d anger. In reading the.
political history of this federal Union, I have learned
to feel no apprehension for its weakness, but to
dread much its strength. And the individual that
can advocate the rightfulness and validity of this
law, can never make me believe that he is the ear-
nest defender of the rights of the States, all his pro-
fessions to the contrary, notwithstanding.
Having shown (as 1 trust I have) that the law, rs
it stands, is vague, uncertain, impossible to be con-
formed to, and therefore impotent and void; al*>,
that Congress neither has a right to district the
States, nor to order the States to do tne same, and
therefore the attempt to exercise such a power
should be resisted; and that, at all events, it cannot
defeat the right of representation in the peopld,—I
will resume the seat to which 1 consider myself just-
ly entitled.
SPEECH OF MR. KATHBUN,
OF NEW FORK,
III the Hoiuen] Representatives, February 12,1814.
The question being on the following resolution, ic-
poi ted by the Committee of Elections:
"jT/e&o/wxf, That, the second section of 'an act tor the appo:-
tiontneut of representativesanions the sevciai r='s ts, arcoi'*.
i„  to ihe sixth census,' apptoved June lbl'2 is not, a luw
made in pursuance of the constitution ot the Vnned States,
and valid, operative, arid birdlng upon tile States."
Mr. RATHBUN rose and said:
Mr. Si'Eakkr: The subject-matter contained in the
above resolution has occupied the attention of this
House for an entire week; and the discussion has em-
braced almost every view and argument applicable to
thequestion. It has been argued, and re-argued, in all
the phases of which it is susceptible. His object
was not so much to argue the main question, as to
give a passing noticc to what }iad fallen trow tHoss?
;«.)
