162
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Rathbun.
H. of Reps.
who were opposed to the resolution, and in favor of
sustaining the mandamus, or, as they were pleased
to term it, the law of Congress. It was amusing to
see those who were advocating this act, rise in their
places, and, with voice and manner awfully solemn ,
invoking this House to discard passion, party feel-
ings, and party prejudices, and to examine the sub-
ject with care and candor, as disinterested judges—
to see them pretending to be deeply impressed with
the high and solemn responsibility resting upon
them as the judges in the case. It was amusing to
witness this solemn mockery—this assumed gravity
—this pretended disinterestedness—this ardent de-
sire to discard all prejudices—coming from gentle-
men, nearly all of whom, on the first day of this
session, without trial, or argument of the question,
deliberately adjudged the whole question, drew out
in due form the record of their proceedings and
judgment—signed and published it to this House—
insisted .upon spreading it upon the journal, in defi-
ance of the rules of the House; and having failed
to effectthis, published it before the country. Those
judges, having prejudged the question, ex parte, now
invoke the House to a candid, impartial, unpreju-
diced examination and decision of tnis great consti-
tutional question. They stand, at the same time,
before the country^ committed, recorded in favor of
sustaining the act of Congress, right or wrong.
Fi om this decision they cannot recede without dis-
grace; nor can they abide by that decision, without
sustaining a position palpably erroneous. By this
putt drcision, they declare that the representa-
tives on this floor, from the States of New Hamp-
shire, Georgia, Mississippi, and Missouri, not only
have no claim or right to seats in this Congress, but
not even the shadow of right. Such is the position
of that portion of the judges now called upon to de-
cide this question. He was willing to admit that
his opinion was now made up.. He was prepared
/o give that opinion, and the reasons upon which it
was founded. He was not prepared on the first
day of the session to give an opinion. He would
not, on that day, have protested in favor of, or against,
the right of the members from those States to their
*<Mts. That portion of the act under consideration
w in these winds:
^ '-And be -it. fuiiher enacted, Thai in each case where a
S a e ts entitled to more than one representative, ihe number to
whrh each State shall he entitled, under this apportionment,
bhal! be elected by districts, composed oi contiguous territory,
etjonl !n number to the numbei of representatives to wbic.li
said Scale shall be entitled— no one district electing moie than
ono representative "
Is this a t of Congress ill conformity to the con-
stitution, and obligatory upon the Slates? Toanive
at a correct decision of this question, it is important
to give u brief history of that portion of the consti-
tution under which Congress assumed the right to
piss this act, and upon Which its advocates here en-
deavor to sustain it. It is in the following terms:
uThe times, places, and manner ol holding elections for sen •
atorsant] representatives, shall l>e prescribed tn each State by
the legislature theienl; but the Congress may, atanyttme, by
laiv, make or alter such legulations, except as to the places of
choosing fcendior.-."
It was introduced in this fonn, conferring, primari-
ly, upon the States absolute and unqualified power
over the whole subject of the election of representa-
tives, reserving a contingent or secondary power to
the Congress to "make or alter such regulations."
This reservation of power to Congress was intended
to secure in the hands of this government the means
vf self-preseivation. It bad been admonished of
the necessity of such power by the fact that, under
the articles of the confederacy, Rhode Island had
refused to send her representatives to Conirre-.s. It
was foreseen that, without this powt t, tin- govern-
ment rnig'ht, at any time, be dissolved by the neglect
or refusal on the part of the States to provide for
the election of icpixscntotivcK. The reading of the
section, as well i>s all theeontempoianeous evidence,
allow conclusively that it was conferred upon Con-
gress by the States as n secondary or conservative
power, to be exercised only in such emergencies as
were necessary for the preservation of the govern-
ment, In support of this view of the case, he re-
ferred to the following authorities: Elliot's Debates,
vol. 1, page 289. Mr. Jay:
"lie said that every government was imperfect unless it had
apowerof presei ving itself. Supposethat, by design or acci-
dent, the States should neglect to appoint representatives, cer-
ta'nly there should be some constitutional remedy for tfns evil.
The obvious meaning of the paragraph was, that if this ne-
glect should take place, Congress should have power, by law,
• o support the government and prevent the dissolution of the
Union. He believed this was the design of the federal con-
vention."
I# tic Massachusetts contention, foe the adoption
of the constitution, Mr. Strong used the following
language:
"If the legislative bodies of the States, who must be supposed
to know at what time, and in what place and manner the eiec-
uonscan best be held, should so appointthem, it cannot be sup
posed that Congress, by the power granted by this section, will
alter them; but if the legislature of a State should refuse to
make such regulations—the consequence will be, that the rep-
resentatives will not be chosen, and the general government
will be dissolved. In such case, can gentlemen say. that a pow-
er to remedy the evil is not necessary to be lodged somewhere!
and where can it be lodged but in Congress?"—Elliot's De-
bates, vol 1, page45.
He next adverted to an authority upon this point
which he trusted would have great influence with
the gentlemen upotf the other side of the question.
He referred to the opinions of the great apostle of
that species of democracy with which those gentle-
men were so thoroughly imbued—-and of whom
they were, in most respects, humble imitators. He
alluded to Mr. Hamilton.' He had published his
views in the following language:
"Nothing can be more evident than that an exclusive power
of regulating elections for the national government, m the
hands of the State legislatures, would leave the existence of the
Union entirely atlheir mercy. They could, atany moment, an-
nihilate it, by neglecting to provide for the choice of persons to
administer its affairs. It is to little purpose to say, that a ne-
glect or omission of thi* kind would not be likely to take place.
The constitutional possibility of the thing, without an equiva-
lent for the risk} is aD unanswerable objection."—Federal's?,
page 369.
He called the attention of the House to the lan-
guage of Mr. Justice Story, in his Commentaries on
the Constitution—an authority of high character,
and to which he hoped the gentlemen on the other
side would cheerfully submit. He uses the follow-
ing language upon this point:
"The constitution gives to the State legislatures the power
to regulate the time, place, and manner of holding elections;
and this will be so desirable a boon in their possession, on ac-
count of their ability to adapt ihe regulation, from time to
time, to the peculiar local or political convenience of the States,
that ns representatives in Congress will not be brought to as-
sent to any general system by Congress, unlets* from an ex-
treme. necessity, or a vei y urgent exigency. Indeed, the
danger rather is, that when such necessity or exigency actually
arises, the measures will be postponed, and peihaps defeated,
by the'unpopularity of the exercise of the power All the
States will, under common cifcumsiancen, have, a local interest
and local pride, in preventing arty interference by Congress;
and it is incredible that this influence should not be ft.lt as
well in the Senate as in the Houae. It is not too much, there-
fore, to presume, that it will not be resorted to by Congress,
until there has been some extiaurdinaty abuse or danger in
leaving it to the discretion of the States respectively."—
From vol. 2, page2S7 efseq.
Upon the same point lie referred to another au-
thor, second in his literary and legal acquirements
to no man in this nation; whose reputation as a ju-
rist, and as an expounder of constitutional law,
equalled that of any living man in this republic;
whose political opinions the gentlemen of the other
side would not question. He. alluded to Chancellor
Kent. He makes use of the following language:
"The legislature of rach State prescribes the times, places,
and manner of holding elections, subject, however, to the in-
teiferenre and control of Congress, whichpermuted them for
thRirown pi eservation, but which it is to be presumed they
will never be disposed to exercise, except when any State
shall nvgleet or refuse to make adequate provision for the pur-
pose. "—[ Vol 1. page 232.
He might multiply authorities upon this point
to a very"large extent, but he hoped gentlemen in
opposition to the resolution, would be satisfied al-
ready. He had drawn exclusively from what they
deemed the pure fountain of "whig democracy"—
"Hamiltonian democracy." He would now call
their attention to another species of evidence in sup-
port of this proposition. In the conventions
held in the several States for the ratification
of the constitution, this same clause was strongly
resisted as a dangerous, insidious power; and
out of the thirteen States, seven adopted it
with solemn protest against its exercise by Con-
gress, except upon the neglect or refusal of a State
to make regulations for the election of representatives.
The protesting States were Massachusetts, Rhode
Island, New "York, New Hampshire, Virginia,
.North Carolina, and South Caiolin.i. None of
those States would ever have accepted of that con-
stitution, except upon the condition and the under-
standing contained in their protests. Sir, (said Mr.
R.,)havel not proved the position assumed, that
the power to the States was primary, and that re-
served to this government a conditional and sec-
ondary power; and that Congress could only use it
in certain emergencies, demanding its exercise for
its own preservation? His next position was, that
Congress, in attempting to exercise this power un-
der existing circumstances, was a violation of the
spirit of .the constitution. Upon this point, all the
authorities before referred to bear with great force
Nothing had happened, no emergency existed, jus-
tifying the interference of Congress with the regula-
tions of the States. They had all made perfect regula-
tions in obedience to the constitution. Congress could
not, without trampling upon the rights of the States,
interfere with these regulations. This position was
sustained by the language used in the constitution.
It was its plain and obvious import. It declares
that the times, places, and manner shall be prescribed _
in the States, by the legislatures thereof. It is man-
datory upon the States, not optional. They shall
prescribe the times, places, and manner. The
reservation to Congress is in words contrasting
strongly with those in their character. Congress
may make or alter the times, places, and manner.
When, and why? When the States shall so far
forget their duty as to refuse or neglect to obey the
injunctions of the constitution, and thereby endanger
the existence of this government. Can there exist
any rational doubt upon this point? Is there any
other reading, which will not render the whole in-
explicable, inconsistent, and absurd? Sir, all the
gentlemen who have addressed the House in defence
of the rights of the States, have been charged by a
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Newton] witk bor-
rowing all their arguments from the speech of an
honorable senator, [Mr. Wricht,] and another
honorable member from Virginia, [Mr. Summers;]
and'compliments this side-of the House with having
drawn their weapons from the same armory—allu-
ding, as he (Mr. R.) understood him, to the able
speech of the same honorable senator.
He (Mr. R.) was furnished with weapons drawn
from another armory, in support of the'view he had
taken; and he called the attention of the honorable
members to them. He was anxious to know if they
recognised them, and whether they were to receive
that respect to which they were justly entitled from
that side of the House. Sir, they are the weapons of
the able, talented, and chivalrous leaders of that
party of which the gentlemen upon the other side,
on this floor, are its more humble supporters. He
would read, for the edification of those gentlemen,
from the speech of an honorable senator on the
same subject. On the passage of this bill in the
Senate, Mr. Rives said:
"Although he considered the letter of the constitution was
conclusive that Congress possessed this power, it £d not seem
to him that the case existed which called for its exercise.
Though the power given by the constitution was understood to
extend to other cases than those of specific failuie or refusal, yet
the States, m ratifying the constitution, expressly slated their
undei standing that the power should not be exercised except in
rases of failure or refusal. It appeared to him that it would
now, with a full knowledge of this undeistanding, bo a breach
ol good faith to exercisetlie power, whennosuch case of failure
oriefusnl exists. It was a power *>f the most daneerous and in-
sidious tendency. He could find no analogy for such an exercise
of the double power of legislation, but in the aetion of Great
Britain, in its inteiference with tlie colonial legislation of this
country at the timeof the revolution; and what was the conse-
quence! It was the dismemberment and breaking up of the
greatest power on earth.
"What did Edmund Burke sayl It® said the legal existence
of a power may survive safe only in a dormant state; but it
may be dangerous and destructive to it, and to otiter associate
powers to exercise it." "All the conventions which had dis-
cussed this subject had concurred in the danger of this insid-
ious power; and it it was only under the strongest assurances
that this power was not to be exercised unless m cases of high
political necessity, that they could be induced to ratify the con-
stitution. No such necessity now exists. He would eay to
senators, that when voting for the exercise of this power, they
weievotmg for a bloody instruction, voting for this filling up
of the poisoned chalice, winch was to be returned to their own
lips to quaff."
Do gentlemen recognise this weapon? Does it
not bear the genuine insignia, which marks the
weapons of that armory from which the grand
army to which they belong is supplied? He called
upon those gentlemen to submit to the flaming sword
of their indomitable leader. He contended that it
fully sustained his position. It was an unanswer-
able argument, come whence it may. It was more—it
partook of the spirit of prophecy. Are gentlemen
ready "to quaff from the poisoned chalice" which
they filled up for others? Have they not felt the
disastrous effects of their "bloody instruction?"
Where are the killed and maimed of those who,
upon this floor, gave their votes- for this "bloody in-
struction."' Crushed and destroyed by an outraged
and indignant people. But he had not yet exhaust-
ed his stock of weapons drawn from the armory of
the gentlemen upon the other side. He would now
present to them another, from a source no less talent-
ed or respectable—equally efficient for him in the
establishment or defence of his position. He would
read from an able, and in his opinion, a* unanswer-
able speech of Mr. Berrien on this same subject.
He gaids
