V eb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
163
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Rathbnn.
H. of Reps.
"What he contended was, that the congressional power was
notapnmaiy one, but an ulterior and provisionary one. His
proposition was, that u was only with this understanding ihe
constitution was ratified by the S-ates; and, however it may
exist on ihe fare of the constitution as a literal power, yet he
maintained that good Jaith—more important to thp govern-
ment than the exeicise the power—should imp< I Congress
to refrain from the f>xe>cise of the literal power. lie in-
leued the intention that v, was not to be exeicteeri, tioi alone
from contemporaneous evidence, hut Irom the v. ry words of
thf ms rumentitself. He quoted 'he opinions of Mr. Madison
and Mr. Hamilton as presented in theFedeialist. They aigued
that !he power of Coegress was pecondary, not primary; and
that us existence at all was only necessaryfor its moral influ-
ence ^ and not J or its exercise To exercise it would tie a
violation «>l the good faith upon which the constitution was
ratified by S ates tchich never would have ratified it had
the understanding been that Congress was to exercise ths
primary power."
He would leave the gentlemen to digest these
arguments as they could: they were drawn from the
soundest heads of their own party. Sir, they are whig
arguments, though he expected for them little re-
spect in that quarter here. He would now leave
this branch of the subject and pass to another point.
He (Mr. R.) now contended that, if Congress pos-
sessed the p.ower to alter the regulations of the States,
and if it had rightfully attempted to exercise
that power, it had failed in its object in con-
sequence of defective and insufficient legislation.
What portion of the laws of any State are' altered
by the act in question? It names no State—refers
to no law m any State—prescribes 110 change in any
respect. On the contrary, it simply declares, "that
the representatives thai! bo chosen by districts com-
posed of contiguous territory, no one district elect-
ing more than one representative." It commands
that an alteration be made, but makes none. Com-
manding others to make an alteration is not alter-
ing. Gentlemen claim that Congress hat. the consti-
tutional power to alter State regulations. Admit it,
for argument's sake: what then? Is it, contended
that, because Congress possesses that power, it
may therefore command sovereign States to submit
to its control, to obey its behests—to become its
agents and servants to carry into execution its com-
mands? The States had already performed their
duty in obedience to the constitution; they had com-
plete and perfect systems with which they weie
content—Congress had no power, no right what-
ever, to command them to alter those regulations in
any particular. It has no power to command the
States to do anything on that subject. When it as-
sumed the right to exercise this "insidious and dan-
gerous power—" this "bloody instruction," it could
only do so by its own complete and entire legisla-
tion. It was its duty in making alterations of State
laws, to complete such alterations. He admitted
that Congress, if it possessed the right to exercise the
power, might alter the State laws in either "times,
places, or manner," leaving the others unaltered; but
he insisted that, it it did so interfere, it was bound to
occupy the whole ground, and leave the laws com-
plete. It could not compel the States to enter into !
.joint legislation with it to carry out such alterations.
This it had undertaken to do; it had assumed one of
the attributes of arbitrary power, and commanded
that there shall be a single distiict system adopted.
It has failed to enforce obedience for want of the
power so arrogantly assumed. We have been told
that this act contains no command; that the cry of
mandamus is unfounded. Will gentleman explain
what the word "shall," in that act, means? Who
"shall?" _ If the States disobey, what is the penalty?
Oh! nothing; only the representatives of four sove-
reign States are to be very politely kicked down
stairs. That is all, sir. Tliis is what gentlemen on
the other side are now endeavoring to do. They
tell us that Congress simply settled a principle—es-
tablished a rule—and the States must coniform to it. i
By what authority did Congress establish rules or !
settle principles for the government of the States? It i
is not to be found in the constitution. It has been '
repeatedly asserted that when Congress established '
the rule, the constitution commanded the States to I
prescribe the regulations. :
He admitted that the constitution commanded I
the States to presciibe those regulations. They had
prescribed them. Congiess assumed the right to
alter them. The constitution does not command the
States to make such regulations as Congress shall
direct, hut such as they, in their sovereign capacity,
should see fit to make. The power conferred upon
Congress is antagonist to that reserved to the States;
and was only allowed by the States for the purpose
of controlling such as should refuse to obey the man-
date of the constitution. Of what service, in such a
esse, would be the command of a Congress, omnip-
otent as the twenty-seventh Congress claimed to
be? Is there a member upon this floor so bereft of
common sense as to believe that a State which
would deliberately violate its constitutional duty
would' submit to and obey the behests of Congress?
No, sir; the proposition is too gross, even for those
who seem to believe in its omnipotence. The fra-
mers of the constitution thought of no such thing;
provided for no such thing. If such had been then-
intention, provision would have been made to en-
force obedience: none is to be found. He wished to
examine the working of this new principle. Four
States have refused to obey Congress. What
are we called upon to do? To disfranchise them; to
drive their representatives from this hall. Why was
any power on this subject entrusted to Congress?
We have seen that the sole and only object was to
prevent States from being disfrancised, either by the
neglect or misconduct of their legislatures. Gentle-
men on the other side are endeavoring to effect here,
in defiance of the constitution, precisely what the
constitution was designed to guard against. This,
sir, they would have the country believe, is an evi-
dence of their supreme regard for the constitution.
They would save it, by destroying it. Having
shown, as he claimed, that Congress had failed to
effect, by this act, any alteration in the laws of the
States, and that it had no power to command the
States to alter their own laws, lie pronounced that
act unconstitutional and void. It was unconstitu-
tional, because it assumed the right to command the
States to act for it; while, by the constitution, it pos-
sessed no authority to do so. It was void for this
reason. It was also void because it was imperfect,
and incapable of execution. For these reasons, he
should give his vote for the condemnation of this
act, and in support of the rights and independence
of four sovereign States.
He would now turn his attention briefly to some
remarks that had fallen from those who were the
supporters of "this insidious and dangerous power."
Most of them, in the argument of this question, as-
sume that the declaration of Congress that the sin-
gle district system shall be established is, of itself,
an alteration of the laws of the States. Sir, this is
begging the question. It is the point on which they
fail. Here should be the argument. Several, and,
in fact, most of those who had spoken upon the
other side, referred to the legislation of Congress in
reference to the militia, and to the election of electors
of President and Vice President, here, it is said,
Congress merely declares the rule—settles the princi-
ple; and the States conform to them, and carry out
those principles, in obedience to the command of
Congress, by State legislation. These, it was con-
tended, were analogous cases, and fully justified
the act under consideration. Sir, they have not ex-
amined the constitution, or they never would have
arrived at this conclusion.
The constitution commands the States to "train
the militia according to the discipline prescribed by
Congress." It gives to Congress the power to pre-
scribe rules, and commands the States to conform to
its rules. Congress has power, by the constitution,
"to determine the time of choosing electors;" it is
therefore authonzed to command the States as lo
the time. Its declaration that such a time shall be
the time, is binding upon the States. The attention
of the tJou.se had also been repeatedly called to the
constitutional provisions on the subject of natural-
ization, and weights and measures. It would be seen,
by reference to them, that the exclusive power was
conferred upon Congress. The States had no light
whatever to interfere with them, except in accord-
ance with the laws of Congress. Gentlemen upon
the other side must seek analogies in some other'
quarter. The gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. New-
ton,] from whom originated the modest assertion,
that all upon this side of the question had borrowed
their arguments from the speech of an honorable
senator—declared it as his solemn conviction, that,
if this act was not sustained, State rights would be
destroyed. My opinion (said Mr. R.) is, that if it
is sustained, State rights are annihilated. It brings
them into subjection to the central power; they become
mere automatons, whose machinery is to be regulat-
ed and controlled by the will of Congress. That gen-
tleman had referred to the stale cry of the stand-
ing army, which he asserted Mr. Van Euren had
strongly recommended. He (Mr. R.) denied that
Mr. Van Buren had ever recommended any such
thing as a standing army. It was one of the bug-
bears of its day; and was known to the whole coun-
try to be mere fiction. Sir, the gentleman says he
fought that measure in 1840; and that he shall light
it over again in 1844. Does the gentleman intend
to fight again under the same banner, and with the
same weapons? Is his party again to seek the em-
blem of its principles m the forests? Is there noth-
ing existing among civilized society that would be
appropriate? Can no device be found which would
shadow forth as appropriately its principles? Is
that animal, which skulks and hides in the day-time,
and prowls about the cornfields of the industrious
farmer at night, alone typical of his party's charac-
ter? Are the people to be enlightened with doggerel
rhymes,and excited with stimulants? It appeared,from
the signs of the times here and elsewhere, that the dis-
graceful scenes of 1840 were to be re-enacted. Jf
the gentleman was ambitious of distinction in such
a species of warfare, he would find few competitors
upon this floor. Sir, the gentleman concluded by
assuring the House that he was very courteous
though an ardent whig. He (Mr. R.) was rejoiced
to hear that he was courteous. He apprehended the
House would never have suspected it, after the ex-
hibition of the gentleman upon this floor, but for his
assertion. Whatever honorable members may do
or say here, we are bound (Mr. R. suppased)
to believe them courteous, providing they con-
descend to inform lis of the fact. A gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Stephens] informed the House that
Mr. Madison was upon his side of thisquestion—that
Mr. Madison was a democrat, and therefore he (Mr-
Stephens] is a democrat. Sir, when did Mr. Madison
ever advocate the monstrous doctrine that Congress
had the power to command independent States to en-
act laws in obedience to its commands, in derogation
of their own power and authoiity? When and where
did he advocate the principles of consolidation in
their most odious form? Never, sir—never. Mr.
Madison contended that Congress should have the
power, as the means of self-preservation, for its
moral influence, not for its exercise. He never advo-
cated its exercise m any form. Nor would he ever
have consented to its exercise in this, its most arbi-
trary and despotic manner. Sir, the gentleman has
also informed the I louse that Mr. Madison "was in
favor of the people imposing checks upon them-
selves, to guard against their own passions." He
had admonished the House of the danger of ex-
citing those passions by the decision of this question.
"The passions [said Mr. Stephen!,] are like the
elements. In a state of repose, they ore calm as the
atmosphere we breathe; but excite them, and they
become roused into a furious tornado, prostrating, in
its course, towns, cities, uprooting the sturdy forest,
and sweeping navies beneath the mountain wave."
The picture is beautiful and sublime, and 110 less
true than beautiful. Sir, where is the danger of
arousing the passions of the people by a Cor-
rect decision of this question' Whose rights
are to be invaded, if this House shall arrest
the usurped and despotic power assumed by the last
Congress? The danger is upon the other side. No
people ever were excited by the relinquishment of
power on the part of the government. It is the
usurpation of power—the despotic exercise of pow-
er—that alarms the people, and excites their pas-
sions. It was this, sir, that created that tornado of
the passions of the people of England, which hurled
a tyrant from the throne, and immolated him upon
the scaffold. It was this that excited the tornado in
this country which prostrated kingly power, and
sent his myrmidons howling across the Atlantic. It
was this that excited the people of France, and pro-
duced that tornado which swept over the land like the
besom of destruction, involving the whole empire in
one general conflagration, sweeping, beneath its re-
sistless fury, king, nobility, and clergy; its course
marked by desolation, misery, and death. The
passions of the people arc always dangerous to ty-
rants. Oppression is the nursery of the passions.
The check which they require to control them, is
just, equal, wholesome, and constitutional laws.
He (Mr. R.) had a word to say to that honorable
gentleman [Mr. Stephens] in regard to the position
he occupies upon this floor. He comes here, sir,
elected by general ticket; advocates the act of Con-
gress; believes it to be constitutional; believes he is
not entitled to a seat in this House; believes that
retaining that seat is a violation of the constitution.
Yet, entertaining these opinions, he takes his seat—
takes the oath to support the constitution; in doing
which, if he is correct, he violates that constitution.
It is, sir, a matter of conscience with that gentleman.
Perhaps he thinks that talking in favor of the con-
stitution is ample reward for acting against it.
A gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Summers] ask-
ed the House, with un "air triumphant," wh&t shaU
