164
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1844.
'28th Cong...~1st Sess,
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Catlin.
H. of Reps.
release the States from completing the regulations
for the election of representatives in conformity to
the rule established by Congress? He (Mr. R.) an-
swered, nothing. They need no release; they were
never bound. To him (Mr. R.) it was surprising
to hear such sentiments advanced by a son of the
Old Dominion—the parent of the State-rights doctrine.
How shall the States be released from obedience to
a command of Congress? Sir, the idea is monstrous!
Those States are all sovereignties. They are inde-
pendent of each other, and of this government.
They have intrusted this government, which is sim- -
ply their agent, with certain limited and specified
powers. It acts for them under a written power of
attorney. It can take nothing by implication, not
clearly necessary for the exesution of the specified
powers. All power not conferred upon this
government by the States, is, in the con-
stitution, expressly reserved to the States and
to the people. This is a contest between
four States and this government, between the crea-
ture and its creators, grasping for power unauthor-
ized in the constitution, on the one hand, and stand-
ing en the defensive, upon their reserved rights, on
the other. They are "released;" they refuse to sub-
mit to the bonds. That gentleman, if he (Mr. R.)
remembered right, had called upon members to
strain a point to uphold this act of Congress, and in-
formed the House that it was its duty to hold strong-
ly against the States, if it was a doubtful question.
Sir, the Congress which passed this act strained a
point; and, but for the elasticity of the constitution,
produced by the repeated strains upon it from the
same quarter, it would have snapped asunder. He
(Mr. R.) was opposed to taking any more strong
pulls upon it, until it could have time for recovery
from recent injuries.
Sir, another honorable gentleman, fresh from the
West, [Mr. Smith of Indiana,] called the attention
of the House to the fact that this act was passed by
what he was pleased to term the coon Congress. He
I Mr. Smith] said he was not about to eulogize that
Congress. Oh no, sir; he was willing to leave it to the
people; history would do that Congress justice. Sir,
the people have tried that "coon Congress;" the
verdict lias been rendered, and the judgment stands
recorded: the effect of that judgment is seen upon this
floor, m the thin and discomfited remnant of that migh-
ty host which once lorded it so proudly over the peo-
ple and the States. Sir, its history is written upon
a seared and blotted page. It is brief, bat full of in-
struction. It is the history of disappointed hopes,
and blighted prospects. It is the history ofinsatiate
ambition, grasping nil power, trampling upon the
rights of the States and of the people, destroying
itself in striving to perpetuate its existence. The
history of its acts is written in letters ofluing light.
It passed the bank bill, as the most efficient engine
for corrupting the people and the press, and con-
trolling tne business and politics of the country. But
the independence of the executive, who, solitary
and alone, listened to the still, small voii e of con-
scicnce—resisted the entreaties of friends, and the
threats of his enemies—maintained his integrity as a
man and a public officer,.—saved his country, by an-
nihilating the monster bank. It passed the bankrupt
bill, to enable the idle, the extravagant, the dishon-
est, and the profligate, to defraud honest creditors of
their just demands. It passed the distribution act
to bribe and, control speculators and venal politi-
cians, and, through them, the States; it laid the foun-
dation for a great national debt, rendering increased
taxation upon the people necessary, as well to
supply the deficiency created by withdiawing the
land fund from its legitimate purpose, as to
extinguish the debt. It passed the tariff act,
under the direction and for the sole benefit of
the oveigrown manufacturers of the country, and
neglected the interests of the farmers, mechanics, and
laborers. It bestowed large bounties upon the for-
mer, which are drawn from the pockets of the latter.
It passed this mandamus act, by which it usurped
authority, violating the constitution, and attempting
to tyrannize over the States. Alarmed at the excite-
ment of the passions of the people, (so < loquently
alluded to by the gentleman from Georgia)—di eading
that tarnado which had already commenced its mad
career, and was spreading its destructive fury upon
the heads of its disappointed and disheartened
followers,—it blotted from the statute book all the
records of all these acts excepting two—the tariff
and mandamus laws. They stand as monuments
of its folly, partiality, recklessness of the general
welfare, and its love of power. This history is writ-
ten, in indelible ehavacters, upon the memories of the
people—graven there, as with a pen of iron. Sir,
those who believe this act unconstitutional and void,
have been taunted as nullifiers. The cry of nullifica-
tion rang through this Hall on the first day of this
session; it has been echoed and re-echoed through
the entire week of this debate.
Sir, said (Mr. R.,) 1 hurl that stale arid senseless
clamor in the teeth of its authors. It is a gross cal-
umny, and as false as it is gross. I charge upon
them, that they advocate and support, in this act, the
odious and destructive principles and measures of
consolidation; and I insist, here in my place, that I
have proved and maintained that charge to be true.
SPEECH OF MR. CATLIN,
of connecticut.
Iii the House of Representatives, February 10, 1844—
On the resolution introduced by the Committee of
Elections, declaring the members from the States
of New Hampshire, Georgia, Mississippi, and
Missouri, entitled to seats upon the floor of this
House.
The Committee of Elections having reported, and
recommended the adoption of, the following resolu-
tions, viz:
"Resolved, That the second section of 'An act for
the apportionment of representatives among the sev-
eral States, according to the sixth census,' approved
June 25,1842, is not a law made in pursuance of the
constitution of the United States, and valid, opera-
tive, and binding upon the States.
"Resolved, That all the members of this House
(excepting the two contested cases from Virginia,
upon which no opinion is hereby expressed) have
been elected in conformity with the constitution and
laws, and are entitled to their seats in this House;"
and the same being made discussion—
Mr. CATLIN rose and said:
Mr. Speakkr: I have not deemed myself called upon
to occupy the time of this House with any remarks
upon the various subjects which have been hitherto
brought before it for debate. 1 may, perhaps, have
felt that their discussion should be left to those
whose constituents were more particularly and im-
mediately interested m these subjects than were my
own; or I may have been restrained by the sentiment
that my first introduction here would excuse me in
taking but few liberties m a hall graced by the pres-
ence of veterans in the work of legislation.
But in the resolutions now before the House are
presented grave and important questions of consti-
tutional law—questions involving the powers and
duties of Congress and of this House, and deeply
affei ting the rights of the States and of the people.
While upon one hand it is declared that "the 2d sec-
tion of an act of Congress, approved June 25, 1842,
is not a law made in pursuance of the constitution of
the United States, and valid, operative, and binding
upon the States;" upon the other hand, it is as-
serted that four of the sovereign States of this con-
federacy are not entitled to representations upon the
floor of this House. These are, indeed, grave and
important propositions; and, perhaps, I should have
contented myself with listening to the able and in-
teresting debates to which they have led, and at its
close, have given upon them a silent vote.
But, sir, we were told on the other day, by the
honorable gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,]
that these questions were to be taken before the
people—that there they would be discussed, and
that the decision of the people would be sought
upon them. If by this it was meant to declare that
these were questions in which the people had a
deep and an abiding interest, and upon which it
was peculiarly fitting and proper for them to con-
sider and determine,—most fally do I concur in the
truth and justice of the declaration. But if the
honorable gentleman designed to excite timidity m
those who were disposed to favor the resolutions
now under consideration, and to drive them from
their propriety, and their duty, the selection of the
subject, and the selection of the oiject, were, so far
as I am concerned, alike unfortunate. Before the
people of the State which I have the honor here,
in part, to represent, these questions have
been already taken. Before that people, who,
for high intelligence, extensive reading, and tho-
rough practical knowledge, take rank behind
the people of no other State,—these questions
have already been fully, and, I may add, ably
discussed. They were discussed, too, at the extra
session of the legislature of Connecticut, in 1843—
a session called and holden for the specific and
sole purpose of so districting the State as to con-
form to the diminished number of representatives to
which, under the last apportionment, she is enti-
tled; and, although the district system was ad-
hered to as the settled policy of the State, it was then
solemnly resolved by that body, that the second
section of the apportionment act was invalid, inop-
erative, and void. The chief executive magistrate
of Connecticut (a gentleman distinguished for
his high legal attainments) approved that resolu-
tion. On the first Monday in April last, in their
elections, the people of the State approved it; and it
now stands as their deliberate and solemn decision
upon the propositions now before this House.
In vindication of the opinions of the legislature
and the people of Connecticut, thus expressed—
opinions in which I most fully concur, and in ac-
cordance with which, I shall vote when _ the ques-
tion is taken here—I beg leave to submit a few re-
marks for the indulgent consideration of this House.
The fifth section of the constitution of the United
States provides that "each House shall be the
judge of the elections, returns, and qualifications of
its own members." In view of this provision of
tlie constitution, I cannot doubt that this House is
constituted the judge of the elections, returns, and
qualifications of those - claiming seats here from the
States of New Hampshire, Georgia, Mississippi,
and Missouri, as well as from all the other States
in this confederacy; and that it is as competent
for this House to determine the rights of those
claiming under elections by general ticket, as of
those claiming under district elections. Of these
questions, this House is clearly constituted the sole,
exclusive, and omnipotent tribunal to judge; and its
decision can neither be revised, reversed, or set
aside, by any other branch or department of this
government. Its supreme authority over these ques-
tions has, in truth, been but vaguely disputed here,
and that without any apparent confidence. Indeed,
the question of jurisdiction seems to be fully settled
by the section of the constitution to which I have
referred.
From the report of the Committee of Elections to
whom it was referred to inquire "whether the sev-
eral members of this House had been elected in con-
formity with the constitution and laws," it appears
that the members from the States of New Hamp-
shire, Georgia, Mississippi, and Missouri were elect-
ed by general ticket, in accordance with the long-es-
tablise'd laws and usages of those States respectively,
and that, under those laws and usages, their elections,
returns, and qualifications were, in all respects, per-
fect and complete.
But it is protested that, by the second section of
"An act for the apportionment of representatives
among the several States, according to the sixth
census," approved June 25, 1842, the election
laws of the States which I have named, so far as
they relate to the manner of electing representatives
in Congress, were altered, abrogated, or repealed;
and that, inasmuch as the legislatures of those States
respectively did not provide for the" election of their
representatives by districts, but suffered their elec-
tions to proceed by general ticket, the sitting mem-
bers from those States were not elected in conform-
ity with the constitution and laws; and hence are
not entitled to their seats upon this floor.
This presents the direct question whether the 2d
section of the apportionment act of June 25, 1842,
is or is not a law made in pursuance of the consti-
tution of the United States, and valid, operative,
and binding upon the States. If it is such a law, it
is, of necessary consequence, paramount to the
election laws of those 'States, so far as it comes in
conflict with them; and introducing, as it was de-
signed to introduce, a new principle into the manner of •
their congressional elections—a principle quite un-
known to their legislation at the time those elec-
tions were in fact held—it follows that the members
from those States are now occupying seats up-
on this floor to which, under the constitution and
laws, they are not entitled. But, if the section in
question is not such a law, then the election laws of
those States at the time of their respective elections,
were themselves in full force and binding, and there
is an end of the doctrines of the protest.
This last proposition I assert: That the laws un-
der which the late congressional elections were held
in the States of New Hampshire, Georgia, Missis-
sippi, and Missouri, were then constitutional, in full
force, valid, operative, and binding; and that the
members elected under those laws, were elected ijs
