Feb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
165
28th -Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. C'atlin.
H. of Reps.
^ conformity with the constitution and laws, and are
entitled to their seats in this House.
That the election laws of those States once possess-
ed all the vitality, and power, and authority which
I ascribe to them, is by no one denied. They had
been in existence for many years, and their constitu-
tionality and validity had never been questioned in
Congress or elsewhere. That all, or any of these
States, had superseded or repealed the laws under
which these elections were neld, is by no one pre-
tended; nor is it pretended that either the legislatures
or the people of any of those States had cast off, or
disavowed those laws as unwise, unsafe, unequal, or
unjust.
The legislatures of those States had severally dis-
charged the high and responsible duties imposed up-
on them by the Constitution of the United States;
they had respectively prescribed the times, places, and
manner, of holding1 elections of senators and repre-
sentatives; and of those legislatures the constitution
required no further action. The people of those
States were thus fully supplied by their several le-
gislatures with all the means necessary to enable
them to exercise the inestimable franchise of elect-
ing, in their own way, their own representatives in
the councils of this confederacy.
Has anything transpired which has had the power
and effect to annihilate or modify this hard-earned,
dear-bought, invaluable privilege? Has anything
transpired which has had the power and effect to re-
strain or alter the mode or manner of the exercise of
that privilege? No, sir; nothing. There are no pro-
visions in the second section of the apportionment
act of 1842, which can effect a change in the extent
of this right, or in the manner of its exercise.
For myself, Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to admit
what some of those with whom I have the honor
here to act are disposed to deny, in reference to the
extent of the powers over this subject which are
vested in Congress. I am prepared to admit, that
the power to make regulations prescribing the times,
places, and manner, of holding elections for repre-
setatives; and the power to alter the regulations pre-
scribed by the, State legislatures touching the same
particulars, is, by the fourth section of the first arti-
cle of the Constitution of the United Siates, vested
•in Congress. The terms of the grant are full,
clear, and explicit; the exposition of the consti-
tution given by Madison, Jay, and Hamilton—in-
deed all contemporaneous exposition of that in-
strument—conceded this power to Congress; the
States of Virginia, Massachusetts, New Hamp-
shire, New York, Rhode Island, North Carolina,
and South Carolina, in their conventions, called to
ratify the constitution, admitted that, by it, this
power was vested in Congress; but they protested
that it was an unwise and a dangerous grant, and
proposed its erasure, or limitation, hy amendmentof
that instrument; and because this power was con-
ceded to Congress, and was deemed unnecessary,
unwise, and dangerous, eminent statesmen, as well
as some of the States, have in vain endeavored to
procure the exclusion of this clause from the consti-
tution. These considerations have left no room for
doubt, in my mind, that upon Congress has the
constitution devolved the power in question.
But, sir, it is a naked power. It was conferred
with great jealousy and reluctance. It was not con-
ferred with any view that Congress should exercise
it, as a matter of course. No, sir. It was univer-
sally understood that this power should not be ex-
ercised at all, but in cases where the States shall neg-
lect or refuse to make the nec.eseary election regu-
lations, or shall make regulations subversive of the
rights of the people to a free and equal representa-
tion in Congress, agreeably to the constitution- And
it was admitted the other day, by the honorable gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. M. Brown,] that "this
clause was inserted in the constitution so that the
government should have the power of perpetuating
itself, and for no other purposeand this was a wise
and correct view of the object and purpose of the
grant.
With this object and purpose of the grant fully
in view, and in the most perfect good faith to the
understanding upon which the constitution was ulti-
mately adopted, the government had progressed for
more than fifty years; and during all that time the
several States had been left in the full enjoyment of
their own free legislation, regulating their elections
of representatives, without any attempt at inter-
ference, dictation, or coercion, by any Congress, or
by any other department of the government of the
United States.
It remained for the memorable 27th Congress to
attempt all this—a Congress memorable for the time,
circumstances, and means of its election—memora-
ble for the variety and interest of the scenes which it
enacted, the dictation to which it submitted, the sol-
emn pledges to the people which it violated, and the
astonishing character of its legislation; and truly
memorable for its almost perpetual session, and the
hot haste in which it repealed nearly all of its own
important acts.
feut the honorable gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
C. B. Smith] says, that no law has ever been passed
Which was wiser in its aims than this apportionment
act; and, in a tone of complaint, he informs us that
the Congress by which it was passed has been
called "the coonrskin Congress" and has been other-
wise much abused.
"With regard to the name by which it has been
distinguished, I can only say that I know little of
its heraldry, save what may be learned in print-
shops, and the shops of barbers; and that I was not
one of those who stood sponsers at the christening.
If that Congress has been abused, I regret it. But
of the truth of such a supposition, no proof has
been furnished, unless it may be found in the fact
that more than two-thirds of those who composed
the majority in that body, have been retained in
private life by the good pleasure of the sovereign
people. Nor is it easy to perceive the wise aims, or
good intentions which induced the enactment of the
second section of the apportionment bill. Had any-
thing occurred to render the exercise of the power
vested in Congress, over the regulations of elections
either necessary or expedient? No mischiefs result-
ing from the then existing State laws have been
pointed out. It is not pretended that the existence
of the government was endangered by the neglect
or refusal of any of the States to pass the necessary
laws to secure a full representation in Congress, nor
by the unequal and unjust operation of the election
laws, which the States respectively had provided.
No sir; not a single State in the Union had invited
this interference. But the people of the Union, and
the people of all the States, were satisfied with the
exercise of powers, and the discharge of duties
which have been approved as wise and safe by the
experience of more than half a century.
But it is said that the district system which the
second section of the apportionment act attempts to
force upon the States and upon the people, is eminently
democratic, and in most perfect consonance with
the doctrines denominated State-rights doctrines.
I, sir, am one of those who hold the district system
in the highest regard; and I should rejoice if the
people of this country would adopt it m reference
to every crisis and every contingency where they
are or may be called upon to act by delegates or
representatives. It has the pre-eminent advantage
over all other systems in this—that it secures to the
people the privilege and the power of electing in
fact, as well as in theory, their own servants or
representatives; it breaks up the consolidating
strength of the large States; nnd it secures to the
people a just and equal representation by those who
are purely the exponents of the people's will. The
district system haa become, and was growing more
and more popular before the provisions of this sec-
tion of the act were conceived. A great majority,
including all the larger of the States in the
confederacy, had already adopted it in their
State legislation; and no reasonable doubt can be
entertained that the observation and experience
of a few more years would have induced the fe\y
remaining States voluntarily to adopt this truly
democratic system as their permanent policy. But
at the very moment when the wisdom of electing
representatives by districts M'as becoming apparent
to all, and when so many of the States had embraced
it as sound in principle and desireable in practice,
then, uncalled for and unexpected, came the manda-
mus act of the twenty-seventh Congress, which
would compel the other States to act in accordance
with congressional behests.
In my judgment, sir, the exercise of the power
conferred upon Congress by the fourth section of
the first article of the constitution would have been,
under these circumstances, altogether unwise, inex-
pedient, and in derogation of the dignity of the
States and of the people.
It has been said that the apportionment bill re-
ceived the sanction of both branches of Congress
and ofthe executive, and that hence all its provisions
must be wise and just, operative and binding.
But the honorable gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
.Newton,] however high in favor he may hold the
apportionment act, seemed almost inclined to censure
the President of the United States for having given it
the sanction of his name; or rather he was inclined to
censure him, because he denounced and protested
against the second section of the bill. The honorable
gentleman finally retreated behind his own dignity,
and gravely assured us that he "he would not war
upon the dead." War upon the dead! Did the hon-
orable gentleman mean to say that the President had*
fallen in political death? When, sir, I ask—when
did he meet this fate? Was it when his name found
a place on the ticket of the universal whig party in
1840? No, sir; for long after that event, the honorable
gentleman himself, and his compatriots, were found
rejoicing in "Tippecanoe and Tyler too!"
Was it when he refused his name to a bill creating
a mammoth national bank, with a capital of fifty
millions of dollars—one of the most dangerous and
demoralizing engines of corruption, oppression, and
tyranny, of which the mind could conceive; and re-
turned that bill, with his objections, to the House in
which it originated? Oh, no! The President was
then mighty for good. -With a firm and manly
stride, he was then walking in the footsteps of a
truly illustrious predecessor; and like him, he won
the golden opinions of all honest men. Was it when
he refused his assent to a second bill which had the
same design—a bill conceived in fraud, and born in
corruption—granting to British and American cap-
italists a monopoly of all the financial, com-
mercial, and industrial affairs of this great and
mighty people? Surely not, for this noble act
still more nrmly cemented and strengthened the
ties which bound the President with the people- But
when, sir, did he thus die? Was it when he refused
his sanction to a bill which authorized this govern-
ment to rob and plunder with one hand, and with
the other to purchase up the freedom of the people?
Was it when he vetoed the "little tariff" or the
"black tariff,1' with the odious distribution clause
annexed? Was it then that he met this fate? No,
sir, not then. At these results, the spirit of justice
and magnanimity m this country greeted the Presi-
dent as the vindicator and saviour of the honor and
fortunes of the State. When was it, then? Was it
when, at the opening of the present session of Con-
gress, he presented his country before us, at peace
with all the world, and, at home, prosperous m all
its various great pursuits and occupations, while
his own administration was only burdened by the
debts and deficiencies created by improvident and
reckless party legislation? No! The President has
lived to do all this—he still lives; and although I
stand not hereeitHer the eulogist, apologist, or advo-
cate of the present administration, and approve not
of all its acts, I may still be permitted to predict that
the name of John Tyler will be cherished by pos-
terity as the name of one renowned for his virtues—
as the name of an enlightened statesman, and devo-
ted patriot; while the names of those who, from the
fountains of their jealousy and malice, have poured
out upon him the lurid streams of vituperation and
abuse, will have passed into oblivion, to be remem-
bered no more forever.
But what is the precise power claimed to be vested
in Congress by the constitution. By the fourth sec-
tion of the first article of the constitution, it is pro-
vided that "the times, places, and manner of hold-
ing elections for senators and representatives shall
be prescribed in each State by the legislature thereof;
but the Congress may at any time, by laio, make or (titer
such regulations, except as to the places of choosing sen-
ators
In this clause of the constitution is conferred oH
the power which Congress has over the regulations
of elections of representatives. The legislatures of
the four States had exercised all the powers, and
performed all the duties conferred and enjoined upon
them in this section of the constitution; and no
further action, of any kind or degree, was re-
quired of them by that instrument. And how
has Congress attempted to cxerci.se the power
with which itself was clothed by the section which
I have read. The first section of the apportionment
act of 1842 makes the apportionment of the repre-
sentatives among the several States according to the
numbers of their population respectively, as ascer-
tained by the sixth census; and of this section no
question has been made, nor, so far as I know, has
any exception been taken to its provisions, here or
elsewhere.
The second section of the act is in the words fol-
lowing:
uJlnd be it further enacted, That, in each case where
a State is entitled to more than one representative,
the number to which each State shall be; entitled,
I
