186
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Catlin.
H. of Reps.
£
under this apportionment, shall be elected by dis-
tricts composed of contiguous territory, equal in
number to the number of representatives to which
said State shall be entitled, no one district electing
more than' one representative."
But the four States were already provided with
laws for the election of their representatives by gen-
eral ticket; and how, let mc ask—how does this sec-
'tion of the act of Congress mjyphj any regulations
for the election of representatives by districts? It
does not attempt to make or supply any such regu-
lations. It merely declares that the elections of
representatives shall be by districts, each district
electing one representative, and no more; and there
its attempted exercise of power ceases. Now, it
must be apparent to the mind of every member up-
on this floor, that this second section of the law
must remain entirely powerless and nugatory
without the aid of State legislation ; or else the
people must be deprived of their representation in
this House, if their State legislatures refuse to sub-
mit to the unauthorized dictation of Congress.
I deny, sir, that it is in the power ofCongress, by
any act, to deprive the people of their right of repre-
sentation here. The second section of tiie first arti-
cle of the constitution of the United' States secures
this right to the people in the most ample manner,
and in the most clear and emphatic language. It
■rovides that "the House of Representatives shall
e composed of members chosen every second year
by the people of the several States; and the electors in
each State shall have the qualifications requisite for
electors of the most numerous branch of the State
legislature." - Here the qualifications of electors of
representatives are clearly specified; and the rights
of those electors are fully secured. The right of
representation in this House is, then, a right which
the people enjoy under the constitution, and not un-
der Congress; and unless an act of Congress is para-
mount to a provision in the constitution, it is not m
the power of Congress to destroy or abridge that
right.
The legislatures of the States, acting under the.
constitution, and its imperious provisions, had fully
prescribed the times, places, and manner in which
this elective franchise might he exercised by the
people; and if Congress designed to exercise the
powers over this subject which it possesses under
the constitution, in such a manner as that it should
he valid, operative, and binding upon the States, it
should have fully prescribed the times, or places, or
manner, or some or all of these, in which the peo-
ple might exercise this franchise, so that this inesti-
mable right might be enjoyed by the people in as
free and ample a degree as under their own State le-
gislation.
So far as Congress attempts the exercise of its
powers over this subject, it must perfect its own
acts. It can, in no event, call in the aid of State
legislation, nor yet deprive the people of the rights
secured to them under the constitution. No act of
Congress which, before it can have vitality and force,
requires an act of State lagislation in its aid, is valid,
operative, and binding upon the Stales; except in
those cases where the constitution gnes to Congress
the power to diiect the legislation of the States in
reference to the particular subject-matter. Of this
class of excepted cases is the militia system of the
United Srate^, and the militia laws of the Suucs
which have been passed in confoimity to jt. Gen-
tleman seem to have relied with great confidence
upon the analogy which they think they see between
election insulations and the militia laws. But, 110
analogy, of ev^n the sliirhte^t shade, exists in the
cases proposed. By the wry terms of the constitu-
tion itself, are reserved to the States respe< tively the
appointment of the officers, and the authority of
training the militia, acrviding to the discipline pitta Hied
by Congress. Congress has, then, the power ol'pre-
:-cribing the discipline, the command, the whole gov-
ernment of the militia; and tiie State legislatures may
provide a mode for the appointment of officers, and
for training the militia, under that discipline. But, m
reference to the subject of elections, the ('(institution
confers no power upon Congr^s to diret t or rt quire
any act of State legislation. The constitution im-
poses upon the States, m ihc Jirst instance, the du-
ty of prescribing the times, places, and manner of
holding elections for representatives. They aie not
to wait until Compels may act, and then legislate
under its directions or discipline; but the imperative
"shall," employed in the constitutional provision on
this subject, requires the State legislatures to act, and
to act independently of Congrees. To Congress are
flowed the ultimate power and discretion of substi-
tuting its own regulations of the particulars in refer-
ence to which it is empowered to act, or of altering
the regulations already prescribed by the States.
But, if Congress will undertake to "make" the
election laws, which it is authorized by the constitu-
tion to make, it must be done by itself, and not
otherwise. If Congress would "alter" existing elec-
tion laws, in the particulars in which it is authorized
to make alterations, the State laws, as thus altered,
must still be left in force and operative, so as that an
election may legally be held under them—for other-
wise the State laws would not be altered, but annihi-
lated. If, by the several State legislatures, the first
Monday in April was designated as the time for hold-
ing elections for representatives, would it be compe-
tent for Congress, by law, to declare that the elections
should not be held on that day, without designating
any other time on which the elections might be held?
Certainly not. If the State legislatures had desig-
nated particular places where the elections of rep-
resentatives should be held, could Congiess, bylaw,
declare that the elections should not be held at the
particular places designated, without designating
some other places at which they might be held?
Surely not. And if the State legislatures have
adopted a particular system or manner of electing
representatives, and have cnacted all their election
laws so as to conform to it, and render it operative,
it is not competent for Congress to alter or change
that system or manner, and abrogate the laws which
sustained if, without supplying some other system
or manner, and the laws necessary to carry it into
effect. The State legislatures can never be required
to interpose, and, by their action, give vitality and
force to election regulations prescribed, or attempted
to be prescribed by Congress.
But it is said that the second section of the act,
under consideration is not mandatory—that the
States may pass the laws necessary to secure elec-
tions of repesentativcs by districts, or they may ne-
glect or refuse to pass them;—but if they do thus
neglect or refuse, it is made the penalty that the
people, of the States so neglecting or refusing, shall
be shut out from a representation in this hull. Sir,
if this is not the language of a mandamus, it is the
language of the highway—"your money or your
life—your legislation or your liberties." Ts this
the language which Congress may address to the
sovereign States in this confederacy? Is this the
tone and bearing with which Congress may ap-
proach the people of the States2 No, sir. The
honest and intelligent people of this country prize
their liberties too high, tamely to permit them to be
thus snatched away; and the independence and sov-
ereignty of the States will never yield to such
monstrous coercion.
It has been gravely urged here, during this de-
bate, that it was the duty of the State legislatures to
lend their aid in carrying out the provisions of the
second section of the apportionment law. If the
constitution has imposed that duty upon the States,
it should be most scrupulously performed. But,
unless that duty is, by the constitution, either in
direct terms, or by necessary implication, imposed
upon the States, I hesitate not to affirm that the ob-
ligation does not exist; for the States, by the pro-
visions of the instrument itself, arc subject to no
duties relative to the general government, which are
not thus enjoined by the constitution. If it were
the duty of the several State legislatures to lend
the aid of their legislation to give operation
and force to acts of Congress, designed to
regulate elections, the condition of the people,
so far as their right of suffrage is affected, would be
at once perilous and unsettled. Let us examine, for
one moment, and see -what would, or what might be
the consequence. The Slates would pass their own
election law s; these v ould bo altered by Congress, but
so lamely that State legislation would become again
necessary; as soon as the laws were again perfect-
ed by the States, Congress, in its wisdom, might ef-
fect new changes by provisions so imperfect as that
the aid of State legislation would be again required;
and sa the legislation and Jaws of the State* would
be continually vacillating and changing to keep
pace Willi the vannus whims and caprices of Con-
gress, The State legislature^ might thus be driven
to the necessity ot holding perpetual session, while
the people would be In Id m constant study to deter-
mine what were and wh.it were not their own rights
and privileges, and be never left m the enjoyment of
them. Under such an exposition of constitu-
tional obligation and constitutional duty, who would
' ever think of speaking of State sovereignties or State
rights? Instead of being a bond of more perfect
union, the constitution would bind the several States
and the Congress in perpetual conflict. The doc-
trine for which gentlemen contend, who are opposed
to the resolutions under consideration, would, if car-
ried out, annihilate every vestige of State dignity
and power; it would eradicate from the constitution
that provision which declares that "the powers not
delegated to the United States by the constitution,
nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the.
States respectively, or to the people;'1 it would vir-
tually consolidate all legislative power in Congress,
and at the, same time would divest the people of their
rights of suffrage and representation, and ultimately
destroy all their liberties.
It has been asserted, in a tone of triumph, and as
ah argument against the adoption of the resolutions
before the House, that more than two-thirds of the
States in this Union have approved and acted under
the apportionment act. Sir, 1 submit to this House,
and to the country, that there is no proof to sustain
this proposition. "What State legislature has, by its
solemn resolutions or otherwise, approved of this
section of the law? What State conventions have
approved When and where have the people of any
State given to this section the sanction of their ap-
proval? The truth is, that in no legislature, or con-
vention, or among the people of any State, has a
majority yet been" found which was so wanting in
attachment, to the-constitution, so regardless of the
sovereignty of the States, or so blind to the rights
and interests of the people, as to approve of this see*
tion, which so palpably attempts to overleap that
constitution, strip the States of their election laws,
and set the people at defiance. I know of no ma-
jority by which it has ever been approved, save
that which was thrown up by the Euzim hearings of
eighteen hundred and forty, and made tiie twenty-
seventh Congress but one perpetual ministration to
the dictates of a most unscrupus ambition.
That more than two-thirds of the States have
adopted the district system, is doubtless true. But
they had adpted it long before this mandamus act
was passed; and, in all probability, they would have
acted at all times just as the.y have acted since the
apportionment act was passed, had the second sec-
tion of that act been entirely omitted. The States
which* had before adopted the district system, have
continued to act in accordance with their own set-
tled policy, and from the course of that, action, no
evidence whatever can legitimately be derived,
that they, or any of them, approved of the provi-
sions of this,section, or that they deemed it valid,
operative, or binding upon them.
But from the history of the legislative proceedings
in some of the States which have adopted the dis-
trict system, and are here represented by members
electee! by districts, it is clearly and unequivocally
established that, although they would still retain
their own policy, and would still adhere to the dis-
trict system, yet of this second section of the act in
question they not only .disapproved, but they de-
nounced it as an impotent attempt at the assumption
of power by Congress—denounced it as invalid,
inoperative, and not binding upon the State. As I
have already had occasion to remark, this is true of
the action of the legislature of Connecticut, at its
special session in 1842; it is true of the action of the
legislature of New York; it is true also of the ac-
tion of the legislature of Illinois; and it may be, and
probably is, true of the action of other State legisla-
tures with the hi&tory of which I am not familiar.
But these instances are enough to show the falsity
of the premises which gentlemen have assumed, o«
well as to establish the very converse of the con-
elusions to which, by reasoning from these false
premises, gentleman have so triumphantly arrived
And finally, sir, thore upon this floor who are de-
termined to maintain the great land-marks of de-
mocracy where the fathers of this mighty republic
placed them, and, as far as in them lies, to keep the
action of Congress, and the action of the legisla-
tures of the States, each within the limits of the
sphere prescribed to it by the constitution, are here
denounced as enemies to that constitulion, as
trampling upon the laws of Congress, and as emi-
nently deserving of the odious appellation of "m>/-
h/uTs." But from whom proceed these foul and
unfounded charges? Not from the general govern-
ment: not from even one of the States; not from the
people. No, not from these do the charges pro-
ceed; but they come from those who were them-
selves not only the authors and finishers of
this miserable attempt to invade the rights of
the States and of the people, but who were,
through an almost uninterrupted session of two
