cmmmsi
of it in Congress; but every gentleman present would
see "that the loss- sustained by the Government,
through the abuse of the privilege in the hands of
these 15,000 deputy postmasters, (some of them per-
sons of no standing whatever,) must be enormous.
Mr. PHELPS presented a memorial from Wil-
liam Rich, praying compensation for services per-
formed as a clerk in the pay department of the War
Office: referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mx-. FULTON presented a petition from Josiah
Garland, of the county of Lafayette, in Arkansas,
praying that a patent may issue to him for a tract of
land which he purchased from the United States:
referred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, made an adverse report on the petition of the
eirs of Elihu Hall Bay, praying confirmation of his
title to certain lands; which was ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
Mr. EYANS, from the Committee on Finance, to
which was referred the bill to supply the deficiency in
the appropriation for the fiscal year ending 1st June,
1844, for the relief and protection of American sea-
men, reported the same back without amendment,
and 'writn a recommendation that it do pass. Sub-
sequently—
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the bill was taken up,
and considered as in committee of the whole, and
there being no proposition to amend, was reported
to the Senate; and, according to order, read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. FAIRFIELD," from the Committee on
Printing, reported in favor of printing certain doc-
uments; which was concurred in by the Senate.
Mr. JARNAGIN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to which was referred the bill relating to
the offices of surveyors general of the States of Ohio,
Indiana, and Michigan, reported the same back
without amendment, and with a recommendation
that it do pass. The report accompanying was or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. BAYARD gave notice that he would, on to-
morrow, ask leave to introduce the following bills,
viz:
A bill to provide for the establishment of schools
of instruction in the naval service of the United
States;
A bill to provide for the naval peace establish-
ment of the United States; and
A joint resolution for the better investment of the
naval hospital fund.
Mr. SEVIER presented additional documents on
the subject of tjje claim of Brinton Paine, an officer
in the Revolution, praying to be allowed the half-
pay to which he was entitled: referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
The CHAIR the^wmounced that the next thing
in order was the SeSffe bill No. 33; which was ac-
cordingly taken up, as ill committee of the whole, for
amendment.
The title of the bill is, "A bill to grant a certain
quantity of land to aid in the improvement of the
Fox and Wisconsin rivers, and to connect the same
by a canal, in the Territory of Wisconsin."
The following are the principal provisions of the
bill: that there be granted, for the purpose of impro-
ving the navigation of the Fox and Wisconsin rivers,
in the Territory of Wisconsin, and of constructing
a canal to unite the said rivers at navigable points, a
quantity of lapd equal to one half of two sections in
width on djjfcside of the said rivers, and the
lakes throuJHpiich they pass, and on each side of
said canal, rcierving each alternate section to the
United States, to be selected by the Commissioner of
the General Land Office, under the direction of the
President, from the mouth of each river, and from
one stream to the other, at or near the foot of Swan
lake; that where the lands have been sold or other-
wise disposed of, other lands in lieu thereof shall be
taken; that said canal and navigation, when completed,
shall remain forever a public highway, free of toll to
the United States; that the lands, when selected,
shall be offered for sale like other public lands, at
the land office of the district—the first tier of sec-
tions, next the rivers, lakes, and canal, at §2 50
per acre, and the second tier at the Government
price, $1 25 per acre; that the topographical engi-
neers, under the control and direction of the Secre-
tary of War, shall anise the said improvement
and canal to be constructed; the entire cost to the
United States not to exceed the value of the lands
granted for the purpose.
The report of the Committee on Public Lands
accompanied the bill, and set forth, m a series of
resolutions, the reasons which influenced the com-
mittee in recommending the bill.
Mr. TALLMADGE moved to amend the bill in
the 14th. line of the first section, which ran, "and
the said lands shall be subject to tht disposal of the
President and Congress," by striking out the words
here italicised, and inserting "be disposed of;"
which amendment was adopted.
Mr. T. then remarked that he had been instruct-
ed by the Committee on Public Lands to report
this bill, and also to make the report which accom-
panied it. That report contained, in a few words,
as much as he could say at length in favor of the
measure; and having been printed, and placed in the
hands of Senators, with the bill itself, he did not
think it necessary now to occupy the time of the Sen-
ate in relation to the subject; nor, indeed, if so dispos-
ed, did the state of his health permit him to do so. He
would, however, observe that it was a great and in>
portant national work which was proposed to be
undertaken by this bill. It was one in which the Gen-
eral Government had a deep interest; and, therefore,
it was that description of improvement which was
admitted, on all hands, to be within its province. It
was also one to be canied on within the territory
over which the General Government exercises legit-
imately its sovereignty. There could not, then,
be any obstacle in the way of undertaking it, so far
as related to the question of interferingwith internal
improvements. The question was, whether, in a
national point of view, as well as in reference to the
great interests of that part of the country, it was a
work that ought to be undertaken by the General
Government. Now he had no hesitation in saying
that it was; and that it had always been considered
so by the Government itself. A few years ago, Con-
gress ordered a survey and estimate of this work to
be made, with a view of having those two rivers
connected for purposes of navigation. This sur-
vey was made, and returned to the War Department,
and thence communicated to Congress; the Secre-
tary of War, in his annual report, recommend-
ing that an appropriation should be made for
a more detailed survey, and a full estimate of
the necessary expense to complete the work, in
order that Congress might be enabled to act on the
subject with full information. In that report he
spolte of the great importance of the work in time
of war as well as in time of peace. He showed that
in the transportation of provisions, munitions of war,
&c., for the army in the Black Hawk war, more had
been expended for want of proper navigation than
would have completed the work nowproposed, thiee
01- four times over. The object in view was no less
than that of connecting the lakes and rivers in that
beautiful and interesting section of country, with
the Mississippi, the father of waters, and thereby
effecting an uninterrupted navigation from north to
south. A canal of half a mile in length would in a
great measure effect this object; it would connect the
two rivers, the Wisconsin'and Fox rivers; and he
could affirm, from his own inspection of the country,
and from what he had learned there from its most in-
telligent citizens, on a visit to that region last sum-
mer, that there was no public work which could
be undertaken in the territory, of such vast impor-
tance as this. There was no work of its magnitude
and interest to the General Government, that could
be accomplished at so little expense. It could oe
done without the outlay of a single dollar from the
treasury—the bill not authorizing money to be ex-
pended in advance, but providing that tlie funds to
be spent shall first be realized from the sale of the
lands granted; and that, at an increased price which
would save the Government from any loss, e\ en by
the grant of lands. A survey and estimate had been
made with all the accuracy practicable on such an
occasion, by which it appeared that tne sum of
£.544,000 would cover the whole expense, both for
the canal and the improvements of the river. It
would be left to the War Department to adopt such
plan of constructing the work as should seem best
for carrying out the object in view.
The bill proposed to grant a double tier of alter-
nate sections of land for the purpose of constructing
these works. In conformity with the usual practice,
when the General Government has granted lands to
any of the States for improvements, the alternate
sections thus granted are not to be sold for less than
co 5() ppi* acre for the first tier, (next to the banks
of the rivers, lakes, and canal,) and jfl 25 per acre
for the second tier. It was estimated that this would
produce about $600,000—a sum sufficient to complete
the work. The alternate sections left to the Gov-
ernment would, in like manner, be solo at not less
than'
acre
$2 50 per acre.for the MsVtitai^ and f l
for the second tier. The increasM vafji,e,"
which a good navigation, through theSe riySrsto'the
Mississippi, would give to all the lands' {nth# n«sigK*
boring country, would amply repay the G6v;eta-' .
ment; so that no possible loss eould be sustained
by making the grant; on the contrary, a gain wodid
ensue. If the work was now undertaken, it ft&'tM
be accomplished by the Government without any
dissent as to its undertaking' it while the Territory
was under its control; but if deferred till the Terri-
tory became a State, the General Government should
transfer its control to the State Government, a&d the
work might never be accomplished. He thought
the opportunity which now presented itself ought
not to be lost. There was but one unanimous
opinion throughout the Territory, not oply with re-
gard to the necessity and importance of.thewfk,
but as to the great advantages that would result from
its being immediately undertaken by the Geheral
Government. It would attract new and val-
uable citizens to that quarter; more of the
public lands would be sold; more money from
them would flow into the treasury; and the increased
price of the sections next to the improved navigation
would be more cheerfully paid than the present min-
imum price. The sale of the lands granted will
provide funds to carry on the work, so that Govern-
ment will not have to make any advances. If the
sales are checked, or fall off, let the work wait till
funds are realized. It need not proceed, only as tire
proceeds become available. He had briefly stated-
the views of the committee, and he hoped they would
be approved, and that the bill would be passed
unanimously.
Mr. KING did not consider the bill sufficiently
explicit; it was, on some points, quite the contrary.
It might, as it now stood, grant a mueh larger ex
tent of country to effect the proposed improvement,
than could at this moment be imagined. It proposes
to divide the land into four sections, two on each
side; and those four sections are to comprise all
lands on both sides of the river and lakes set forth
in the bill. He wished for information as to the size
of those lakes and extent of the rivers; for, as the bill
stood at present, it was impossible to say what extent
of territory it might have relation to; and, if once
passed, it should be recollected that, on the
part of Government, there could be no recalling
its action, no matter how far it might exceed the in-
tentions of the promoters of the measure. While
willing to give every reasonable facility to carry out
the improvement provided for in this bill, he
thought more information on the subject was re-
quired, especially as regarded the extent of line
which it embraced. He also suggested that the
grants should be restricted to a sale of not less than
$2 50; for, as the clause now read, it might be un-
derstood to make the sale imperative at that amount,
whereas there might, for particular locations, be ob-
tained a much larger sum if the sales thus restricted'
were left open to competitiqn#He asked, therefore,
the honorable Senator from Nfew York, for informa-
tion as to the entire distance from the mouth of the
two rivers to the proposed canal; and also the extent
of the different lakes; so that the Senate might know
what it was doing in passing the bill.
Mr. TALLMADGE observed that the lakes -were
mere enlargements of the rivers. The only lake of
any extent was that of Lake Winnebago; which
was 30 miles long and about 10 broad.. It was a
deep water lake. With regard to the price of the
lands, if there was any ambiguity it coiild be cor-
rected. It was not intended by the committee that,
when the lands were offered for sale, they should
not bring more than the prices named if any one
should offer move.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, after a few prefatory re-
marks, said that the second objection of the honor-
able Senator from Alabama could be easily reme-
died by inserting after the word "canal," m the 6th
line of the 2d section, the two words "not less."
This would remove 0-11 doubt, and make the clause
read so as to fully meet his views on that point.
This bill did not, he said, propose a new or unex-
plored line of route; for, so far back as two hundred
years, there were known to the ancient voyagers
two routes connecting the inland seas with the great
father of the riveis—the Mississippi. The lakes to
which the Senator from Alabama referred, and the
extent of which he wished to know, were, with the
exception of the Winnebago, insignificant in point of
size. The project contained in this bill could not be
regarded as a new theory, inasmuch at had received
the attentive consideration of Gallatin- He rec-.
