ir,6
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Haralson.
H. of Reps
meaning of the paragraph was, that, if this neglect
should take place, Congress should have power, by
law, to support the government, and prevent the
dissolution of the Union. He believed this to be
the design of the federal contention."
Mr. Madison's speech in the Virginia convention
contains this remarkable passage:
"Should the people of any State by any means
be deprived of the right of suffrage, it was judged
proper that it should be remedied by the general
government. It vjas found impossible to fix the
time, place, and manner of the election of represent-
atives, in the constitution. It was found necessary
to leave the regulation of these, in the first place, to
the State governments, as being best acquainted with
the situation of the people, subject to the control of
the general government, in order to enable it to
produce uniformity, and prevent its own dissolu-
tion."
Thus you will perceive that what I have already
said is sustained by the debates in the conventions.
To the opinions already quoted, I add, in conclu-
sion, only that of Chancellor Kent, in his Commen-
taries on American law. He says:
"The legislature of each State prescribes the times,
places, and manner of holding elections, subject,
however, to the interference and control of Congress,
which is permitted them for their own prcserrali<m,
but winch is to be presumed they will never be dis-
posed to exercise, except where any State shall
'neglect or refuse, to make adequate provisions for the,
purpose."
I have, the opinions of other distinguished men
of that day, which are even more pointed than those
which 1 have read, but which 1 will not now take
lime to read. To explanations like the two first we
are probably indebted for the constitution. If any
Relieved that it, would have been ratified without
ihese explanations, they must believe that seven
tff the States were insincere in their protestations
against the, exercise of such power by Congress,
except in case oi failure, or neglect on the part of
the States to provide the necessary regulations.1
The opinion of Chancellor Kent shows that the
power of Congress over the times, places, and man-
ner of holding elections, is only permissive, and
that the object was to secure to the government the
power of self-preservation. I ask, then, sir, docs
not the second section of the apportionment act
conflict with the obvious meaning and intention of
the constitution? None of the States neglected or
refused to make the necessary regulation for the
Section of representatives. The government has
been in no danger of dissolution from their ne-
glect or refusal to provide such regulations.
There lias been no necessity for this act of
Congress. It is an unwarrantable interference
with State legislation. The argument, thus
f,ir, lias been based upon the supposition that the
s,e>71) meaner of holding elections includes the pow-
.ofinynig off the. States into congressional dis-
-.rioU, Liiid that Congress has the power to divide a
State territory as they may choose. Conceding
vau'i'i power, it ims not been exercised by Congress;
ond no power nun be claimed by this or any other
auction, by which Congress caii cam man d a. State to
do it in her stead. So far as the power under this
clause, is concerned, it is a eon Ham c power, wliiih
may be exercised without control by either, but can-
not be exereiscd by both at the same time. If the
States fail, then Congiess may exercise it; but its
aetionmu.it be its own. if the States exercise it,
it is upon their own lespon.sibihty. No,such division
of power can be recognised as linn Congress may
give the rule, and the States shall complete their
legislation. If Cougress exercise this power, tlie
regulations or .vy,,tem of representation should be
complete, winch it is not pretended has been fur-
nished in the second section of the apportionment
act. No district elections cou'd be held under that
act, without State legislation. It barely gives a rule
i'or State legislation, but has neither made a regula-
tion itself, nor altered any existing State regulation;
nor does it repeal the State regulation. It follows,
that the election laws of the State existing at the
time ot'the election, being constitutional and unre-
pealed, are in full force until such repeal, and must
be observed accordingly. I will not enlarge upon a
proposition so plain.
t propose now to examine more minutely the
grant of power contained in the fourth section of the
constitution, and will endeavor to prove that by this
"See appendix
clause the power to district a State is not given, nor
was it ever contemplated by the framers of the con-
stitution. One of the greatest difficulties to be over-
come in this discussion is, to properly draw the dif-
ference between being the advocate of the district
system, and the opponent of the existence of a
power to district xmder this clause of the constitu-
tion. The friends of the district system, apprehen-
sive that a denial of the power to district, in this
clause, destroys the whole system, are reluctant to
restrict the grant. It is not my purpose to discuss
the district system. It is a very convenient mode of
electing members of Congress, and has grown into
favor with the people of the United States. My
own State has recently been districted; done of her
own will, I trust, sir. As a citizen of that State, I
bow in respectful obedience to her laws. But I do
deny that this clause of the constitution gireg either
Congress or the State legislatures any power to dis-
trict a Stat^. The States themselves derive no pow-
er from the constitution; their powers are in some
instances restricted, and in others guarantied and se-
cured; but in no instance do the States derive their
power from the constitution. It would be a contra-
diction in terms to say that the Stfttes, in their
character as States, derive power from the constitu-
tion; which constitution has no power but such as is
derived from the States. The States created the
constitution, and brought this government into ex-
istence, with limited powers.
These remarks show the difference between the
powers of Congress over the subject and thfe powers
of the States. The former has no power except that
which is granted; the latter every power not pro-
hibited. So that, in denying that the clause of the
constitution to which I have referred gives either the
States or the general government the power to dis-
trict a State, it by no means follows that therefore
the States have no such rights; because all the inter-
nal regulations of a State are within the control of
Suite legislation, wholly independent of the constitu-
tion of the United States. "What, then, is meant by
the ulimeSy places, and manner of holding elections
The right of the people of a State to elect their rep-
resentatives is secured in the second section of the
first article of the constitution. In order that the
election should be held by which this right can be
exercised with uniformity, it was necessary that a
time should be appointed, a place fixed, and the
manner of holding the election pointed out. The
whole difficulty is made to rest upon the word man-
ner, which is made to have a most extensive signifi-
cation, an amplitude of meaning which violates good
sense.
It is insisted that the word manner means either
the district or general-ticket system. I a*k the
House to allow an analysis of this construction. 1
select my own State for this purpose,. The people
of Georgia have the right of sending representatives
to Congress; and, in order that this privilege, may
be enjoyed, the legislature of the State passes a law
fixing the time of holding the election on the first
Monday in October, designates the places at which
the elections shall be held, and declares that the
manner of holding the election shall be by general
ticket. Here is a full and complete compliance with
the construction for which our adversaries contend.
The legislature has fixed the time, the place, and the
maimer of holding the election. On the day ap-
pointed, and at the places designated, the people as-
semble, but can hold 110 election, because, in truth,
the manner of holding the election has not been pre-
scribed. The qualifications of voters, the horns of
opening the polls, the manner of voting, who shall
preside, &e., which was all ever meant by the man-
ner of holding an election, have been omitted, and
the word manner made applicable to the system of
election, rather than to the mode of holding the elec-
tion. Whether the district or general-ticket py&tcm
be adopted, it is equally necessary to point out the
time, place, and manner of holding the election. To
make the term manner mean both the system of
electing and the mode ot conducting the election is a
forced construction,'doing injustice to the character
of those who drafted, and those who adopted the
constitution. The system of electing is one thins:,
and the manner of holding an election is totaily'a
different thing. Take an illustration from the fourth
section itself: Congress has an equal right to regulate
the manner of electing senators and representatives.
Does anybody believe, by this power, that Con-
gress can divide a Stale into senatorial districts?
Yet the power is as applicable to senators as to rep-
resentatives, and the same meaning intended. If the
maimer of holding em election includes or means
the system of election, then the system of electing
senators must be embraced, to which no one assents.
In the State conventions which ratified the constitu-
tion, the debates show that, while the States pro-
tested against this section, no one ever supposed
that it included the power to district a State. The
arguments against the section were, that Congress
might selecta place in the States difficult to approach,
and in some remote and distant corner, by which
the people might be defeated of their suffrages; but
none contended then, as now, that the manner of
holding an election was ever intended to embrace the
power of dividing the States into districts.
I will call the attention of the House to a few
extracts from the debates in State conventions.
Patrick Henry said in the Virginia convention:
"What can be more defective than the clause con-
cerning the elections? The control given to Con-
gress over the time, place, and manner of elections,
will totally destroy the end of suffrage. The elec-
tions may be held in one place, and the most incon-
venient in the State, or they may be held at remote
distances from those who have a right of suffrage,"
&c,
Mr. Davie, in the North Carolina convention, ex-
plaining this clause of the constitution, (and I em-
phasize as he did only,) said:
UI am willing to appeal to grammatical construc-
tion and punctuation. Let me read this as it stands
on paper." [Here he read the clause different ways,
expressing the same sense.] "Here, in the first
part of the clause, this power over elections is given
to the States; and in the latter part, the same power
is given to Congress; and extending only to the
time of holding, the place of holding, and the man-
ner of holding, the elections. Is this not the plain,
literal, and grammatical construction of this clause"'
Is it possible to put any other construction upon it,
without departing from the natural order, and with-
out deviating from the general meaning of the words,
and every rule of grammatical construction? Twist
it, torture it as you may, it is impossible to fix a
different sense upon it."
Mr. Davie, who says that it is impossible to give
any other sense to it, makes the emphasis to rest
upon the world "holding" an election—the time of
holding, the place of holding, and the manner of
holding, elections. Now, sir, how can the manner
of holding an election be made to apply to a particu-
lar number of counties, or the area within certain
fixed lines, embracing a certain territory? In all the
debates upon the constitution in the different State
conventions, it is a strange fact that no one, either
for or against the constitution, ever dreamed of the
power of districting the States under this clause of
the constitution.
You perceive, sir, I am fully sustained in my posi-
tion, by the extracts made; and they show that the
States were fearful of any interference of any kind,
or for any purpose, with their State regulations; and
that the idea of dividing a State into districts by
Congress, under this phrase—manner of holding
elections, was never entertained. And shall we sus-
tain Congress in assuming a power never given, to
control State legislation, and which has a tendency
to deprive the people of-these four States of their
representation—a right "inestimable to them, and
formidable to tyrants only5" The comments of my
colleague [Mr. Chappell] upon strained construc-
tion against the right of representation, have been
just and appropriate. To sustain such forced con-
struction of the constitution against the right of
representation, is to make another long stride for
federal power; repeated, and the States soun become
the vassals of the general government. 1 trust, sir,
such movements will not be encouragcd by this
House.
The gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Coj,la.mer,]
has given us an instance of acts by Congress, which
he has said were mandatory on the States to perfect,
and by legislation to carry out, the purposes of Con-
gress.' The act to which he refers, was very differ-
ent from that under consideration, both 111 relation
to the authority by which it was made, and the
character' of its" enactment. The act of 1808, "ma-
king provisions for arming and equipping the whole
body of the militia of the United States," had the
authority of the constitution. In the enumeration
of the powers of Congress, the constitution says,
that Congress shall have power "to provide for or-
ganizing, arming, arid disciplining the militia, and
governing such parts of them as may be employed
in the service of the United States; reserving to the
States respectively the appointment of officer?,
