154
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ommended an appropriation out of the first available
funds in the public treasury, of not less than
twenty millions of dollars, for the formation of roads
and canals; and in so recommending, he was acting
on the principle of the farmer who goes to the ex-
pense of digging ditches and cutting drains through
his grounds, well knowing that his outlay will be
liberallly "repaid, and his enterprise rewarded by the
improvements that such outlay effects. On this
principle, Gallatin, when Secretary of the Treasury,
recommended this outlay; well knowing that, if act-
ed on, the effect would be to increase the value of
public and private property, and the property of the
country.
Mr. W. then entered into' detail of some of the
advantages which must accrue to the country from
the provisions of this bill being carried into effect;
among others, the facility afforded by it to the trans-
portation of mails, munitions of war, and, in short,
all the great national purposes for which so im-
portant a line of conveyance and communication
could be made available.
He concluded by moving, as an amendment, that,
in the sixth line of the second section, the words
"not less" be inserted after the word "canal."
Mr. WOODBURY asked for information as to the
mode proposed of keeping the works, when com-
pleted, in repair, and the management; and also, as
to the limitation of tolls for mere purposes of repair.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE said the views taken by
the committee, in preparing the bill, were still open
for approval or rejection, as the Senate might deem
fit. The Territory for which the bill proposes to
legislate is not independent; it is the property, and
lies under the control, of the General Government:
but Government is not called on to expend or ad-
vance money to carry out those improvements
which the bill specifies. The expenditure attendant
on those improvements will be provided for by the
safe of the lands, as the work proceeds. Until the
Territory is admitted into the Union of the States,
the sovereignty remains here, and not there.
Mr. WALKER said lie was for many years fa-
vorable to the object of this bill; but he thought, as
the bill now stood, it was open to improvement.
He did not think that a grant should be made as if
for the benefit of the United States, but which,
when Wisconsin became a State, would be really
and bona fide, as the bill now read, a grant for her
sole and special benefit. Wisconsin, no longer aTer-
ritory, but a recognised State of the Union, would, un-
der this bill, have power to collect such tolls as*would
not only keep the line in proper repair, but as would
or might be applied to such other purposes as she
thought proper. He thought the bill should set
forth that so long as Wisconsin remained a Terri-
tory, the tolls coming into the hands of the Gen-
eral Government should be applied to keeping the
works in proper repair; but that, when she became
a State, she should be restricted from levying more
toll than would be .absolutely necessary for that
purpose. If these Wjprks were to be effected at the
expense of the people^ they should remain free to
the people. Senators should be admonished by a
recollection of the enormous tolls levied by the Lou-
isville and Portland canal; and prevent, in the pres-
ent case, any recurrence of a similar abuse. He
would, with the permission of the Senate, prepare
an amendment embodying the views he had endeav-
ored to explain.
Mr. WOODBURY had merely risen to call the
attention of gentlemen to those points which, in
perfecting the bill, should be properly attended to.
Mr. 1APPAN made some observations, which
were so imperfectly heard in the reporter's gallery,
that their import can only be guessed, by the con-
text of what was heard. He was understood to say
that there were three modes of accomplishing this
work, the importance and value of which he did
not dispute. One, and perhaps the best and cheap-
est, was by a private company; the second, the
next best and cheapest, by the local, or State Gov-
ernment; and the worst, and most expensive, by the
General Government. He thought it would be
much better to wait till the Territory became a State,
and Jlet its own Government then undertake the
work.
He had no objection that the alternate sections
should be preserved from sale, so as to make the
canal at a proper time, and in a proper manner.
Power, he said, was given in the bill to the Secreta-
ry of War to employ the topographical engineers
about the construction of the canal. The proposed
work being in a very distant part of the country, the
consequence would be, that the canal never would
be constructed in a proper manner; and, if it was, it
would cost the Government to do it, four or five
times as much as if it was made by a private com-
pany, or by Wisconsin when she becomes a State.
If Senators would turn their attention to the Cum-
berland road, and compare the cost of that portion
constructed by the Federal Government with that
west of the Ohio river, constructed under the su-
perintendence of the State Governments, they would
see that his opinion was correct. Works of this
kind would cost four times as much when done by
the Federal Government, as when done by the State
Governments When done by the Federal Gov-
ernment, there is much less economy—the money is
necessarily wasted. Besides, the place where this ca-
nal is proposed to be constructed is in a sparsely set-
tled country; and the consequence will be, that the ca-
nal will be made at a much greater expense than if it
was a well peopled country. He then referred to
the Cleveland and other canals, which had been aid-
ed by grants of land from the Federal Government,
which, he said, was not done until the sections of
country through which they passed were thickly
settled, and when it might be considered that there
was labor there to be applied to that object. Those
canals were probably constructed, for that reason, as
cheaply as they could have been done in any coun-
try. But the section of country through which this
canal is to pass, is in aTerritory sparsely populated,
and where there is 110 labor to spare to make a ca-
nal. Therefore, to construct it at this time, would
put the Government to a much greater expense than
if it was done in a proper time, when there was sur-
plus labor there to be applied to that object. If they
reserve those alternate sections until Wisconsin be-
comes a State, she could then make the canal more
economically. If it could not be done more eco-
nomically, it would at least be done more success-
fully. Although this improvement is one which
would be of great advantage, he thought it would be
better not to undertake the work in advance of the
peopling oftlie country.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE contended that if the work
was fit to be done at all, it was fit to be done quickly.
He was adverse to the dangers of procrastination;
especially where the object was, as here, to increase
the value of the public domain, by bestowing
on a beautiful but neglected portion of our country
the facilities and advantages of a market. The gen-
tleman from Ohio ■spoke of an appropriation; but
there was no appropriation required. The Govern-
ment has nothing to lose; for, if the work brings not
in sufficient to cover its own expenditure, there and
then it stops. As to thinness of population, it was to
be presumed that in so extensive, so fine, so beauti-
ful a country, possessing so many agricultural advan-
tages, people would not be wanting to make its
many and great resources available. What (he ask-
ed) was land worth, if it could not be got atf or what
was the value of the most fertile farm without a road?
Any delay would be dangerous; for if the bill is not
passed the land will be sold to individuals—be-
come private property; and when hereafter sought
for the purposes for which this bill intends it, it
cannot be had. The Government will be at
no cost. The work will pay for itself. The im-
provement, when made, will belong to the country,
not to the Territory; and when that Territory merges
into a State, then such teims may be entered into as
the interests of the Government and the people may
require.
Mr. WALKER now submitted his amendment,
to come in at the end of the first section. It was to
the effect that the said canal shall be kept in repair
by the Territory of Wisconsin, until said Territory
becomes a State, and thereafter by the State; and
that no greater toll or tax be exacted than necessary
to keep it 111 repair.
This amendment was adopted.
Mr. KING felt rather friendly disposed towaids
the bill, believing its object to be useful in the
end; but he regretted that the gentlemen who had
charge of it, did not bestow a little more pains on
its preparation. If they had done so, it would not
have appeared in its present questionable shape.
The clause which proposes granting two sections on
each side the river does not in any way limit the
extent of those sections; and as the Wisconsin flows
we know not how far, they should guard against
this objection by confining the extent to the point
where the proposed canal is to enter. The Fox
river also branches off an immense distance to the
right; so, if the bill passes in its present form,
among other disadvantages the Secretary of the
Treasury may find himself involved m an extent
of responsibility of which he can have at this mo-
ment no idea. If the gentleman wbo introduced the
bill will offer an amendment to remedy these ob-
jections, the Senate would know what they were
about. He had no objection to the amendment of-
fered by the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Walk-
er,] but rather approved of it. Mr. K. concluded
by saying that his. only object in rising was to
render the bill sufficiently explicit to be fully under-
stood.
Mr. PORTER of Michigan suggested the inser-
tion of the word " them;" which was concurred in.
Mr. BREESE suggested the words "where the
canal shall enter them;" which was also agreed to.
He also suggested the insertion of the words "said
points;" which was agreed to. The amendment,
thus amended, was adopted.
The bill was reported back to the Senate with the
amendments; and the question being on concurring in
those amendments—
Mr. HAYWOOD observed that he lived so far
from Wisconsin, and knew so little of the merits or
necessity for this measure, that he felt bound, before
he voted on the subject, to inform himself of some
particulars, and for that purpose to make inquiry on
the subject. He understood that the Territorial
Governments were in the habit of chartering incor-
porated companies; And he should be glad to know
whether any company of that kind had been char-
tered in the Territory of Wisconsin.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE replied that there never
was any such incorporated company in Wisconsin.
Mr. HAYWOOD said there was something on
his memory about a banking company purporting
to be a chartered incorporation.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE said the company to which
the Senator alluded was a company for the issue of
money; but Congress had disapproved of it, and it
came to nothing.
Mr. HAYWOOD still desired to make further
inquiry; and, as there was 110 pressing necessity for
acting hastily on the bill, he thought the best way
was to postpone the subject long enough to give
time for inquiry. He wanted to know to whom
this grant of lands was to be made. In any grant
there must be two parties, the grantor and the
grantee. I11 this case the grantor was the General
Government. But who was the grantee? Not
surely the General Government also. And who
else could it be—the Territory being in its hands?
Unless some company was to be incorporated
to enjoy the rights of grantee, who would enjoy
them? Such things had been heretofore done.
He was afraid it might occur with regard to this
grant, seeing that the Territory itself could not be
the grantee. If the matter should be disputed, the
courts would be apt to find ouLsome corporation in
whom this grant was vested. ^Jphould that be the
case, Congress would find that it had performed a
great and liberal act—of gi.ving to that company a
gift never intended for it. He wished to guard
against such a possibility, and therefore moved
to postpone the further consideration of the bill.
The subject wets, on this motion, postponed till
to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT mo tern, laid before the Sen-
ate a message from the President of the United
States, communicating, from the War Department',
the proceedings of the court-martial in the case of
Lieutenant B. C. Buell, of the United States army;
which, on motion of Mr. BENTON^vas referred
to the Committee 011 Military AffaiJHt
Mr. McDUFFIE moved to take uj/Jk resolution
reported from the Finance Committee, for the indefi-
nite postponement of the bill for reducing the pres-
ent tariff to the standard of the compromise act.
_Mr. EVANS suggested that, as the Senate was
thin, it would be better to let the subject lie over till
to-morrow.
Mr. McDUFFIE acquiesced in the suggestion.
O11 motion, the Senate then proceeded to the con-
sideration of executive business; and after some
time spent therein, adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 17, 1844.
Mr. FRENCH presented a resolution; which was
objected to.
members' stationery.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL submitted a resolution
directing the stationery supplied to members to be
supplied to them at the current prices of the present
day. The motion was agreed to.
