COHGRESSIONALaiiOBE.
-i-C
r&.
-SNAG BOATS ON THE MISSISSIPPI.
The SPEAKER announced the business in order
to be' on the motion of Mr. Cave Johnson to recon-
sider the vote by which the following resolution had
been passed:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to inquire what sum of money
will be required to keep all the boats now in use,
and those in the process of preparation, designed to
be employed in removing obstructions to the navi-
gation of the Mississippi river and its tributaries, in
constant active employment for the national fiscal
year commencing on the first day of July next, and
that they report to this House the sum for that pur-
pose in the appropriate appropriation bill.
Mr. WELLER had the floor; and he said, when
he obtained the floor yesterday he had a strong dis-
position to say something in reply to gentlemen who
had taken part in this debate—he felt called upon,
as a "Western member, to do so; but he now had not
the disposition to "make a speech; and he should
present to the House the reasons why he should not
do it, and why he desired the House to be put to
a vote on the proposition now pending. First, how-
ever, h<S desired to correct a statement which had
appeared in the Intelligencer, and _ to say that yes-
terday there was no difference of opinion on the
question of veracity between himself and the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. J. R. Ingersoll,]
as to the action of the Committee of Ways ana
Means in reference to the Western interests. He
proceeded to make some explanations on that sub-
ject, in which also Mr. J. R. IJNGERSOLL partici-
pated; and then came back to the questi^kbefore
the House. He said the gentleman from J^mtucky,
[Mr. Thomasson,] who presented the resolution
under consideration, had made a plain statement of
facts in relation to it; he was followed by others
who properly debated the subject; but a gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stewart]
yesterday came to that side of the House and
made a stump speech, which he had, no doubt,
repeated hundreds of times to his constituents, be-
fore he inflicted it on this House. He (Mr. Wel-
ler) had heard that speech delivered, m much bet-
ter language, hundreds of times, to the constituency
which ne had the honor to represent; but, if ever a
speech was delivered out of place, it was that speech
delivered here yesterday by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. What were they called upon to do?
They were asked to make appropriations to remove
the snags which endangered so much property, and
so many valuable lives; and while they were delib-
erating upon it, intelligence arrived of the loss of
from fifty to a hundred lives occasioned by one of
these snags, which had clothed very many families
of the West in sable: yet, at that very time, when
the American Congress was called upon to act, the
gentleman from Pennsylvania took occasion to in-
flict a stump speech on this House. There were
times, and such times would return, when a reply
might properly be made to the remarks of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. He (Mr. Weller)
would undertake, at a proper time, to make a reply,
and to show that what the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania had said in relation to Mr. Van Buren was
untrue. If that gentleman was not an economizer
of the public money, he was an economizer of the
truth; and, whenever it should be in brder, he (Mr.
Weller) would undertake to show the cause why
the Western interests had been neglected: but this
was not the time^ They weie called upon, with the
news of a recent calamity sounding in their ears,
with a knowledge of the fact that the sympathies of
the Western people were excited for their bereaved
friends, and with a knowledge of all the facts in re-
lation to the importance of the improvements to be
made and the necessity of the appropriation asked
for, to make that appropriation, and thereby save
the lives and the property of the survivors. Was
there any gentleman on that floor that was unwil-
ling to do that?
After some other observations on this subject, he
expressed the hope that the House would come at
once to the question betore them. This, he re-
peated, was no time for a general discussion of the
relative merits of Mr. Van Buren and Mr. Clay;
and all that the gentleman from Pennsylvania had
said could be met when the proper time should ar-
rive. He regretted that the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania was not in his seat to hear what he (Mr.
W.) now said; but he would again affirm before
the House that, when the proper time should come,
he should be prepared to prove that gefttleman's
allegations were untrue. If he did not prove them
untrue indisputably, he should be content to take
the brand of falsehood on his forehead; but, if he
did prove a statement coming from a gentleman of
intelligence to be untrue, he should ask that this
House and this country should put the brand on the
forehead of that gentleman.
He promised at the outset not to make a speech.
If, however, he had said anything which any gentle-
man might think called for explanation, he would
cheerfully yield for explanation. But he came into
the House this morning deeply impressed with the
necessity of terminating this debate. The Western
people, whose sympathies were aroused by the
calamities which had occurred, were desirous to
know if this Congress intended to do anything:
they asked not for stump speeches, or for a discus-
sion of the relative merits of any individuals, but
for action on the part of Congress; and, as a West-
em man, deeply sympathizing with the Western
people, he felt himself bound to do all in his power
to bring to a termination this useless, this unprofit-
able debate. He concluded by moving the previous
question.
Mr. SEYMOUR rose to make an explanation,
Mr. Weller having withdrawn his motion for the
previous question for that purpose. The gentleman
from Ohio, in his remarks, had alluded to what was
said by him yesterday in reference to the action of
the Committee of Ways and Means, of which he
was a member, together with that gentleman. He
now perceived that he had been under a misappre-
hension as to what was said by the gentleman re-
specting the action of the committee. He under-
stood the gentleman to have supposed that the
committee had determined to make no appropria-
tion for Western rivers, irrespective of their deter-
mination in reference to all other appropriations;
in other words, to make a distinction between^ ap-
propriations for Western rivers and appropriations
for the improvement of other rivers. Such was not
his understanding of the action of the committee,
and hence he had concurred in the remarks made by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
The gentleman from Ohio, in his remarks this
morning, was perfectly correct, and he agreed with
him entirely. As he had agreed to renew the mo-
tion for the previous question, he was now com-
pelled to do so, though he would have been happy
to add something to the remarks which he had pre-
viously made upon a kindred subject.
He moved the previous question. Upon seconding
the dexnand for the previous question, the vote
was taken by tellers, and resulted, 80 in the affirma-
tive and 61 m the negative.
Upon the mam question—viz: the reconsideration
of the resolution—the yeas and nays were ordered;
and, being taken, resulted as follows: Yeas 95, nays
77:
YEAS—Messrs. Atkinson, Barringer, Barnard, Beardsley,
Belser, Benton, Bidlack, Edward J. Black, James Black,
James A. Black, Blackwell, Burke, Campbell, Gary, Car-
roll, Gatlm, Agustus A. Chapman, Cliappell, Clmgman,
Clinton, Cobb, Coles, Cullom, Dana, Daniel, Richard D.
Davis, Deb'erry, Dickey, Dillingham, Dunlap, Ellis, LI-
mer, Farlee, Fish, Fostei, Giddings, Bjram Green, Hamlm,
Haralson, Herrick, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hubbell,
Hudson, Huilgerford, Washington Hunt, James B. Hunt,
Jenks, Cave Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George w.
Jones, Preston King, Daniel P. King, Kiikpatrick, Leonard,
Lucas, Lumpkin, Maclay, McClelland, McConnell, Mc-
Ilvaine, McKay,Morse, Moseley, Murpliy. Newton, Tatter-
son, Pavne, JCllsha It Potter, Emeiv D Potter, Pratt, Ram-
sey, Rathbun, Ravner, Charles ..I Read David b Reid,
Reding, Ritter, Robinson, Rogers, Russell, Ihomas H.
Sevmour, David L. Seymour, Simons, Albert Smith,
John T. Smith, John Stew art, Stiles, Strong, Sykes, Thomp-
son, Tyler, Wlieaton, Williams, and Yost—9p.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Bossier, Bower, Bowim, Boyd,
Jacob Brmkerhofl', Milton Brown William J. Brown,
Jeiemiah Brown, Buftington, Caldwell, Chilton, Collamer,
Cranston, Cross, Garrett Davis, J. W. Davis, Dawson,
Dean, Dellet, Douglass, Duncan, Ficklm, Horeiice, foot,
French, Fuck, Gilmer, Willis Green, Griune. , Grider,
Hardin, Harper, Henley, Holmes, ch?'les,,^
Ingersoll, Perlev B.Johnson, Kennedy, Labranche, 11c-
Causlen, McClernand, McDowell, Marsh, M?the«sLd-
nard J. Morris, Ncs, Owen, Pe5ton, Kobe "v.Jo'1"'
Sample, Senter, Severance, Simpson. Slidcll, lhomas
Smith, Caleb B. Smith. Robert? Smith, "eenrod, And e
Stew ait, Stone, Summers. Thompson, ghat's, iiUu>,
Vance, Yanmetcr, Vinton, Weller, V, White,
Wilkins, Wmthrop, and Joseph A. Wright—<7.
So the question of reconsideration was agreed to.
A message from the Senate was here presented by
A. Dickins, esq., informing the House that the Sen-
ate had passed the bill to supply a deficiency m the
appropriation for the fiscal year ending the 30th of
June, 1844, for the relief and protection of Ameri-
can seamen. . .
Mr. T. SMITH rose, and said it was not his in-
tention to detain the House very long; but, being a
Western-man—oi>e; whose Jfltei^tfc%sife  i„
with Western inter^stS-ilie! desired;,fo
House for a. very few moments" upon the select
now before them. ■■ .* . ;
He had voted against reconsideration, and iis/fC.=:
vor of sustaining the proposition of the' gentleman *
from Kentucky, and hedid so mainly for, thfajpea.-..
son: that it was a direct proposition, upon which he •
desired to have the sense of the House. It
was a proposition which stood out in_ bold relief
before the country, and upon its merits-as , s<ich;
proposition he desired to vote—a proposition
to appropriate money for the improvement "of (hp-
Western rivers, without reference the otljer JrSat'
interest of the country, which should not heiffiveiv <
looked. He desired to know who were the friends
of Western improvement; he desired to know what
portion of this Congress would sustain Wesijera
interests. x t
He apprehended that some gentlemen had voted.
for the reconsideration under a misapprehension of
the proposition itself. They seemed to be under
the impression that the resolution asks an immense
appropriation of money to keep in operation an in-
definite number of boats. If gentlemen had taken
pains to examine the estimates submitted upon this
subject, they would have found that, if the committee
only adhere to those estimates, the amount to be ap-
propriated would not be so great as to alarm them
in the least. And for the purpose of setting gentle-
men right upon this subject, he wanted their atten-
tion to the estimates themselves. It the .year 1842,
$250,000 were appropriated for the purpose of im-
proving the Western waters, including the Ohio,
above the falls. The estimates for the present year
were only §223,000, for the purpose of keeping all
the boats in operation.
Mr. S. showed that much more might be effected
in the way of improvement, by an appropriation of
$200,000 for the coming year, than was effected by
the §200,000 that had been hitherto appropriated.
But a small portion of that sum—§15,000 only—was
expended in improvements, while the rest was ex-
pended in the construction of boats and other pre-
paratory measures. Gentlemen need not, then, be
alarmed at the idea of a great expenditure of money
being involved in the resolution for the preparations
being made in the construction of boats, &c.; there
would not be more than $220,000 required to ac-
complish all the improvements necessary. Mr. S.
then took a brief notice of the argument of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stewart] delivered,
yesterday, and opposed the splendid system of in-
ternal improvement advocated by him; and showed
the ruinous effects the carrying out of this system
would have had on the prosperity of the country if
it had not been arrested by Gen. Jackson's veto of
the Maysville road. He also reviewed the argu-
ments of the same gentleman in favor of a protect-
ive tariff; and showed that the revenue tariff of
1840, collecting 20 per cent, on only one-half the
imported articles, produced more revenue than the
high protective tariff of 1842 levied on all the im-
ported articles. Mr. S. avowed himself strenuously
opposed to the log-rolling system which had pro-
duced such ruinous effects in the new States, and
which would be the ruin of this Government if per-
sisted in. He was opposed to the splendid scheme
of internal appropriations included in the famous
American system; but, at the same time, he was m
favor of judicious and economical appropriations for
such objects as might be justly termed national, viz:
the Ohio, Mississippi, Missouri, Arkansas, and even
the Hudson rivers.
He was in favor of the resolution of the _ gentle-
man from Kentucky because it stood on its own
merits, and was not connected with a number or
other objects, which might or might not be merito-
rious. In pressing the small appropriation asked
for, for clearing out obstructions in the Mississippi,
Mr. S. alluded to some of the liberal appropriations
of Congress for other objects not more deserving
of its favor—one of which (the Delaware break-
water) had already cost the Government three times
as much as was ever expended on the W estern wa-
ters, though it was not yet completed. I wo mil-
lions had been appropriated for that work, and it
appeared that three millions more would be re-
quired. He also referred to the injudicious ex-
penditure of money for the light-house at Black
Rock harbor, exceeding the estimates by some four-
teen or fifteen thousand dollars. In conclusion,
Mr. S. expressed the hope that gentlemen would
not be alarmed at the idea of the resolution calling
i for the expenditure of a vast sum of money. He
