lfo
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1844.
28th (Jong.. ..1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr, Jl. V. Brown.
H. of Reps
but in cages where a State shall neglect or refuse to
make the regulations therein mentioned, or shall
make regulations subversive of the rights of the
people to a free and equal representation in Con-
gress, agreeable to the constitution."
state of new hampshire.
Word for word as those of Massachusetts.
SPEECH OF MR. A. V. BROWN,
of tennessee.
Iijt the House of Representatives, February 9, 1844.—
On the right of the members elected by. general
ticket to their seats.
The report^of the Committee of Elections, relative
to the right of certain members to their seats in the
House of Representatives, being under considera-
tion:
Mr. A. V. BROWN addressed the House as fol-
lows:
Mr. Speaker: There is now lying on your table
a bill which I had the honor to introduce at an early
period of the session, proposing a repeal of that
section of the apportionment act which is the excit-
ing topic of this debate. Whilst the report of the
committee maintains that section to be void and of
no effect, that bill declares that it shall be stricken at
once from your statute book. The subjects are
identical, the arguments on them nearly the same;
and, at the close of this debate, I shall move the bill
on its passage, that both subjects (as nearly as pos-
sible,) may be disposed of at the same time. Hav-
ing introduced that bill, and being also a member of
the committee by which this report was made, I
stand in such responsible connexion with both, that
I trust I shall be excused by the House for partici-
pating in this debate.
This, however, I would not think of doing, did I
entertain the opinions which have just been express-
ed by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens.]
If I were deeply and thoroughly convinced, sis lie
says he is, that I was not duly and constitutionally
elected to this House, I would neither .speak in it
nor act in it. I would leave it at once, whatever the
opinion of others might be. So I would do in
every other similar case. Were I unlawfully ap-
pointed the judge of a court, or if the court had been
unconstitutionally crcated, I would neither clothe
myself with its ermine, nor sit on its woolsack.
The second section of the apportionment act pro-
vides, "that where a States is entitled to more tnan
one representative, the number which each State
shall be entitled, under this apportionment, shall be
elected by districts composed of contiguous terri-
tory, equal in number to tlie number of representa-
tives to which said State shall be entitled—no one
district electing more than one representative." The
introduction of that section into the apportionment
bill was too singular to have escaped obsei vation.
The gentleman from Georgia [Mi. Stephens] had
adverted to the fact, and was pleased to ascribe to
it a democratic origin. I tlunk I shall be able to
satisfy the gentleman that, he has looked into the
history of its introduction into that bill with a too
careless eye. [Here Mr. Stephens (Mr. B. yield-
ing the floor) inquired if the gentleman di nicd the
fact he had stated, that this portion of the bill had
been introduced by the gentleman from South Car-
olina, Mr. Campbell-]
Mr. B. replied that he -did deny the correctness of
that assertion; but he did not doubt but the gentle-
man understood the fact really to be as he had rep-
resented it.
[Mr. Campbell (Mr. I>. further yielding for ex-
planation) observed that the gentleman no doubt
had a correct recollection of the origin of the second
section of this act. It had been m tilts way: A reso-
lution hau been introduced by him (Mr. C.) in-
structing the Committee of Elections to inquire into
the expediency of regulating the subject of con-
gressional elections, m such a way, by law, as that
they should be by uniform districts throughout the
United States. Some time afterwards the Committee
of Elections, in conformitv with these instructions,
reported a clause, from which had originated this
second section; which clause had been amended on
his motion, and assumed the shape which it now
occupied in the law. So Mr. C. had originated the
proposition in the first instance; and in the second
instance, by his motion, it had assumed the form in
which it now appeared as the second section of the
act,]
Mr. Brown replied, that he did not mean to say
that the gentleman was not the real, as he certainly
was the putative father of the district proposition of
that session; but he must insist that the gentleman
should content himself with the more humble rela-
tion of mere god-father to the thought of making it
a part and portion of the apportionment bill. Chat
was the great matter about which he was complain-
ing. The apportionment bill was one which was
obliged to be passed in some form or other. With-
out it, the federal government would run down and
be at an end. The forcing of this section on. such a
bill as that, he denied to have had a democratic
origin. He meant to demonstrate that, in the further
progress ofjiis remarks, to every man's satisfaction.
The gentleman's own resolution contemplated no
connexion whatever with the apportionment bill—it
expressly called for a separate and distinct bill by
itself, to stand or fall by its own merits. Mr.
Brown said he would now proceed on his obser-
vations.
More than fifty years of our political existence
had rolled by, and no such legislation had ever been
proposed. State after State had risen up and become
members of this confederacy, not one of which had
ever failed cheerfully and promptly to furnish its
proportion of our national representation. In peace
and in war—in prosperity and in adversity—amidst
the fiercest conflict of parties—all had done their
duty; not one had failed or refused to regulate "the
time, place, and manner" of holding elections, as
required by the constitution. What, then, could
have induced the Congress of 1842, with no dere-
lictions on the part of the States, with no memorials
from the seventeen or eighteen millions of the peo-
ple of this country, to wage this wanton and unpro-
voked war on the constitutional rights and the an-
cient usages of the States? It was the blind, infu-
riated spirit of party, vainly endeavoring to perpetu-
ate a triumph which chance, or fraud, or folly, had
achieved. Those who were influenced by it had the
sagacity to devise, and the heart to meditate, but not
the hardihood to consummate the deed. They
could declare that none should be admitted to mem-
bership here but those who had been elected by dis-
tricts; but they dared not rouse the sleeping lion
of public indignation, by laying off the districts
themselves. To show you that I am not mis-
taken in the party character of this war, let me ad-
vert to the fact that the idea of introducing this sec-
ond section into the apportionment law was engen-
dered in the Committee of Elections—a committee
eminently partisan in its head, and, indeed, in its
whole structure. That committee had no charge of
the, apportionment bill: it had no jurisdiction over it.
The preparation of that bill had been confided to a
special committee of thirteen, who had reported it
with na such clause in it. It was, therefore, gross
usurpation in that committee to attempt to supersede
the special one, by reporting amendments to it; and
nothing but the inveteracy of oarty would have sus-
tained its arrogant pretensions. On the 26th of
April, whilst the apportionment bill, as reported by
the special committee, was under discussion in com-
mittee of the whole, Mr. Halsted, of New Jersey,
as he said, (for he made no report, and could have
made none in Committee of the Whole,) by order
of the Committee of Elections, proposed the second
section. The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Cbmpbei.l] offered an amendment to Mr. Halsted's,
changing its phraseology, but not its meaning, which
was accepted by Mr. Hals'ted, and adopted by him
in lieu of his own. The whole democratic party
contended against the, amendment at every stage of
its progress; not because they were opposed to
the districting plan, but because they were un-
willing to see it enforced on the States by
the strong arm of Federal domination. They
fought it on every inch of ground, and finally re-
corded a unanimous vote, against it. [Here Mr.
Campbell reminded Mr. B. that he was certainly
mistaken.] Mr. B. Unanimous, did I say? No,
I am wrong in that; the gentleman from South Ca.-
olma [Mr. Campbell] did not vote with us, nor fight
with us. Kay, he fought against us. He went over
to the enemy; and they, delighted with the acquisition,
instantly promoted him to the command, and he ac-
tually led on their proud imperious cohorts to the
charge. I need not tell you the result. Turn to your
journals of the 3d of May, and you will find that the
democratic party was overcome by a vote of 101 to
99. The gentleman's vote, and that of his colleague,
Mr. Sampson Butler, would have saved us from that
mortification. It would have saved, too, twenty
members of this House fiom the humiliation of
having to stand, as they have stood, unbonneted
and dishonored at the door of one of your distant
committee rooms. This section was thus literally
force'd into the apportionment bill, in despite of all
the exertions and resistance of the democratic party.
What, then, was to be done? An apportionmwit
bill was obliged to be passed. The constitution ex-
pressly commanded that it should be passed. Wit! -
out it, there could be no members elected—in fact,
no Congress; and the federal government would
have been at an and. To avoid a great calamity
like this, I do not hesitate to say that the whole
democratic party would have been then justified in
voting for the bill, regarding the second section'&s a
mere nullity. The whig party, with the assistance
aforesaid, had forced this obnoxious section into
the bill; but as the existence of the nation is of in-
finitely higher importance than all considerations of
the forms and modes of administering it, the demo-
cratic party might have been well justified in voting
for the bill. Well, what did they do? As long as
there was the slightest hope that, by rejecting the
bill, another might be introduced, on. which the
second section might not be engrafted, we voted
against it. First, we votedagainst the engrossment.
It was a test vote, substituted for a vote on the final
passage of the bill; but we voted in vain. A mo-
tion was then made by Mr. Cooper, of Georgia, to
lay it on the table. We voted for that, but all in
vain; and the bill was sent to the Senate. Some
hopes were entertained that the Senate might eome
to our relief, by striking the section from the bill.
Here, too, we were disappointed; and the bill was
returned to us from that body, with sundry pro-
posed amendments. We resolved to make one
more effort. The gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Boyd,] moved to lay the bill, with all the amend-
ments, on the table. The motion, like the previous
one, failed; and with it expired all hope of our ever
being able to get clear of the odious section of the
bill. Sir, this was the last effort of the democratic,
party to get clear of this section. But a motion
was afterwards made by Mr. William Cost Johnson
to lay the bill on the table; and the question is some-
times asked, why we did not all vote for that with
the same unanimity as on the previous motions.
Sir, I will tell you. The previous motions to lay
on the table by Mr. Cooper and the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Boyd,] were made bona fide, to get
clear of the second section. Mr. Johnson's was not.
He was a great friend to that section. He had voted
for it, and, I believe, had voted against every propo-
sition to get clear of it. His only object was to
get an alteration of the ratio. With the ratio we
were satisfied, and wanted no alteration. It was
palpable that his purpose was to use a portion of
the democracy in getting a ratio to suit himself, and
then turn round and use the whig party to again
fasten the second section upon us. Sir, democracy
may be overpowered; she may be borne down by
numbers; but she cannot be played upon in that
manner. We knew his purpose went no farther than
an alteration in the ratio. We voted against such
an alteration. This was the substance and true na-
ture of the vote, and so it was understood at the
time.
So much, sir, for the action of Congress on the
passage of this law. What has been the action of
the States since its enactment? Precisely what it
was before. The constitution of the United States
expressly provides that the time, place, and manner
of holding elections, shall be prescribed by the legis-
latures of the different States. In pursuance of that
provision, all the States had made the necessary
and proper regulations for holding them—four by
the general-ticket, and all the rest by the district
system. These four were New Hampshire, Geor-
gia, Mississippi, and Missouri. Their representa-
tives, presenting themselves here with the commis-
sions of their respective States, have been recog-
nised as members, not only in the organization of
the House, but in all its proceedings, up to this
time. This report maintains that they are rightfully
and lawfully here, and ought to contin ue here, with all
the rights and privileges of members of this House.
Why should they not have been recognised as mem-
bers of this House? They were here with commis-
sions precisely like our own: signed by their govern-
ors, countersigned by their secretaries, and attested
by the great seal of their States respectively. On the
faise of these commissions it does not appear wheth-
er they were elected by the district or general-ticket
plan. No rival claimants were here, as in the New
Jersey ca.se, presenting counter credentials, nor call-
ing on the House to go beyond or behind these com-
missions. The shattered remnants of that party
