156
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
was confident that the sum required would not be
more than two hundred and twenty thousand dol-
lars; and the friends of the measure were willing to
limit it to that amount.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH next obtained the floor;
but gave way for explanation to
Mr. STEWART, who observed that, havingjust
come in, he had not heard the remarks of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Weller,] but he under-
stood the gentleman to characterize what he (Mr.
S.) said yesterday, in relation to the opinions of Mr.
Van Buren, to be untrue; and that, if he did not
prove it to be untrue, he would be willing to take
the brand upon his forehead; but if, on the other
hand, he should prove it to be untrue, the brand
must be put on his (Mr. S's) forehead. Now he
took the gentleman up on the issue he had made,
and should prove, by letters from Mr. Van Buren,
under his own hand, that he was constitutionally
opposed to the Government making internal im-
provements in the States, and that even the consent
of the States through which they passed could not
make them constitutional.
Mr. WELLER interrupted the gentleman, and
said he was attempting to escape the issue that was
made. In the gentleman's remarks of yesterday,
Mr. Van Buren was represented as having instruct-
ed his Secretary of the Treasury to make no esti-
mates for the Cumberland road, saying that he
would veto any appropriations for this work. Now,
when the gentleman said that Mr. Van Buren di-
rected his Secretary of the Treasury to make no es-
timates for the Cumberland road, and said that he
would veto any such appropriations, he (Mr. W.)
undertook to contradict the statement, and said that
he could prove it to be untrue.
Mr. STEWART said he had made no such state-
ment. What he said was, that Mr. Van Buren
withheld the estimates for the Cumberland road
from the House; and that, as a matter of argument,
the inference was fair that he did so because he be-
lieved the work to be unconstitutional, and that he
would veto such appropriations, if passed.
Mr. WELLER said that, if the gentleman would
indulge him a moment longer, he would show the
House what the gentleman said yesterday, so that
the House could judge for itself whether he (Mr.
W.) had characterized his remarks correctly. The
gentleman (said Mr. W.) is reported in this morn-
ing's Intelligencer, and very correctly reported, to
have said as follows:
"But the gentleman had told the House that Mr.
Van Buren had never refused to sign a bill for any
works of internal improvement. That might be all
very true; but did he not withhold from Congress
the estimates for the Cumberland road? And was it
not under his administration that these estimates
were so withheld for the first time? He told his Sec-
retary of War not to send in estimates for the con-
tinuation of that road, because, if he did, and Con-
gress made the appropriation, he must veto the bill."
Mr. STEWART repeated, that what he said
was used as an argument, and as a fair inference
from Mr. Van Buren's expressed opinions.
Mr. WELLER said he supposed the House
could understand the use of language. Such being
the remarks of the gentleman, he undertook to say
that Mr. Van Buren did not direct the Secretary
of the Treasury to withhold the estimates, as the
irentlenian stated; but what he did do was, on the
;<!5th of May, 1838, he signed a bill making appro-
priation for the Cumberland road in the States of
Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois.
Mr. STEWART said, he did not sec the report
the gentleman quoted, and did not know whether it
was correct or not.
Mr. WELLER. The report is correct, and is
what the gentleman did say, as the House will bear
witness
Mr. ROBERT SMITH addressed the House ir.
behalf of the Western interests. The question, he
said, was one of great importance to his constitu-
ents, and hence he felt himself impelled to make
some observations thereon. One gentleman had spo-
ken of the number of wrecks which met the eyes of
Ins constituents; and he (Mr. S.) would add that the
wrecks of nine steamboats were visible near his con-
gressional district in 184], at one time. He spoke
of the wreck of the Shepherdess, from one of whose
surviving and suffering passengers he had received a
communication which gave a harrowing description
of that calamitous event; and these facts and circum-
stances he brought before the House to show the
urgency of the case, and the necessity to make im-
mediate appropriations for the improvement of the
Western waters. The West justly complained that
their interests had been neglected, and they now
aslted for justice" and a proper regard for their rights.
This, was all they asked. He spoke of the Missis-
sippi as a great highway for Western commerce, and
also of its importance to this entire nation in time of
war; he also spoke of the individual interest of his
constituents in the improvement of the navigation of
Western waters, the existing dangers both augment-
ing the price of articles imported, and dimininishing
the value of produce transmitted to distant markets.
He believed, likewise, that those great inland seas
(the lakes) should have a due share of the attention of
Government; and, whatever might have been the or-
igin of the great national road, as it was commenced,
and as many persons, trusting to the implied faith
of the nation, had made purchases of land in the
neighborhood of that road, it should be completed
by the National Government.
Mr. HAMMETT offered a substitute for the
pending resolution, directing the Committee of Ways
and Means to inquire into the expediency of making
an appropriation for the improvement of the Mis-
sissippi river and its tributaries.
Mr. VINTON said it was important that the
question before the House should be distinctly un-
derstood. What struck him as most important in
this debate was, that, while gentlemen on all sides
of the House, and of all parties in the country, were
of opinion that Congress had power to make this
appropriation, they seemed wholly in the dark as to
the principle on which this power was to be exer-
cised. One gentleman had spoken of the Govern-
ment as being a large landed proprietor; and that
might possibly be a ground on which appropriations
might be made there: but it was liable to this great
objection, that that ground might be but temporary,
and also that more appropriations were required
where the Government had the least land; and that
where the Government had the most property, there
the lea3t appropriation was needed.
He next proceeded to notice the remarks made
yesterday by the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Holmes,] who based the right of this Gov-
ernment to make appropriations for the Western
waters on the ordinance of 1787. He spoke at
some length on this subject, and expressed his con-
viction that it was unnecessary to go further than
the Constitution of the United States, which gave
power to Congress to regulate the commerce with
foreign nations, and among the States, and with
the Indian tribes, and also gave all necessary pow-
er to carry these delegated powers into effect.
By the grant of power to regulate commerce with
foreign nations, the power to improve harbors was
undoubtedly conferred. If, for the safety of vessels
navigating the coast, it were considered necessary
that light-houses should be erected, Congress did not
hesitate to exercise the power of making appropria-
tions for that purpose. Upon what principle did
they assume this right, unless it were by virtue of
the power conferred upon them to regulate com-
merce ?
He assumed the position that Congress had the
same power to aid the internal commerce of the
country, that they had to aid or regulate the foreign
commerce. It covered precisely the same ground.
If there was any fallacy in this argument, he asked
gentlemen to point it out.
In the primitive times of Democracy, as long ago
as the first Congress under the administiation of Mr.
Jefferson, when Democracy was yet pure, a law was
passed, and sanctioned by Mr. Jefferson himself,
creating upon the waters of the Ohio a collection dis-
trict, making the port of Marietta a port of entry and
delivery, and appointing a collector at that port. By
virtue of what grant of power under the Constitu-
tion was this done, unless it was that clause to which
he called their attention, viz: the power of Congress
to regulate commerce among the States of this Union?
No one could imagine for a moment that such a law
as that establishing a port of entry, and appointing a
collector, could have passed a Democratic Congiess,
and received the sanction of Mr. Jefferson, unless
Congress had the power to pass such ail act. But
more than this: under the same administration
another law was passed, making the ports of
Pittsburgh, Wellsburgh, Cincinnati, Maysville,
Louisville, and Natchez, all ports of entry
and delivery. Would such a lav/ as that have
passed without directing the special attention of
those by whom _it was passed to the powers pos-
sessed by Congress to legislate npon the subject?
Congress had, at a later day, provided bylaw for
the safetyof passengers, by directing in what man-
ner vessels should be furnished with safeguards.
By what authority did they assume to legislate upon
this subject, unless it were under the authority to
which he had alluded?
If he was correct in the view he had taken of the
power conferred upon Congress in regard to . this
subject, then it would follow that Congress had the
same power to aid internal commerce as they have
to aid foreign commerce. And he would say to his
Western brethren, that he had been a member of
that House when the doctrine which he had now
advocated did not need an argument; and yet, in the
whole course of the debate which had occurred
upon this question, though gentlemen seemed
impressed with the very great importance of
the subject, they had not once adverted to the fact
that there was any such power given to Con-
gress under the Constitution; and it was for this
reason that he had, the other day, offered a propo-
sition to form a Committee on Commerce among the
States. Gentlemen must see, from the rules of the
House themselves, that Congress had power to
regulate commerce among the States of thisUnion.
The immense amount and importance of the in-
ternal commerce of this country was another forci-
ble consideration why Congress should have the
power of regulating it, and aiding and facilitating
it. The commerce upon the Mississippi was stated
to be §250,000,000. Add to that the commerce of
the Hudson, estimated at $100,000,000, and they
had an aggregate of $350,000,000—greater, by one-
half, than the whole foreign commerce of the United
States.^jVnd this was the commerce upon two lines
of coir^P&nication only. There was another which
had been almost forgotten—he meant that from the
head of the Ohio to the Mississippi. This was a
great national highway, and entitled to the protection
of the Government. And there were other great lines
of communication in this country; and was ltpossible
that this great amount of commerce, which would
increase in a very few years to double its present
amonnt, was Jo receive assistance from Government'
that this Government had not the power to aid it?
Why, when this Constitution of ours was made, the
distinction between foreign and home trade was per-
fectly understood, and it was evidently designed to
spread the mantle of protection over both. While
providing that Congress should have power to aid
foreign commerce, in the same words and to the
same extent they conferred the power upon that
body to aid commerce among the Sates of this
Union.
It was for that purpose, and that purpose only, of
submitting the remarks he had, that he had risen at
this stage of the proceedings. He deemed it un-
necessary to go through with a repetition of those
terrible calamities which had been of so frequent oc-
currence; and which were so familiar, not merely to
the House, but to the nation at large. He would
not trouble the House with a relation of matters
which were already well-known.
He insisted that the improvement of the Western
waters was an object which merited' the attention of
this Government in an especial manner. During all
the time he had held a seat in Congerss, when ap-
propriations were proposed for public improve-
ments, he had never stopped to inquire m what par-
ticular section of the'Union those improvements
were to be made. He had voted for all improve-
ments of the utility of which he was satisfied, with-
out regard to their location; and he trusted the
House would, on this occasion, put aside all party
considerations, and act in a spirit of equity, and
grant a fair and just appropriation, according to the
means we have.
Mr. HARDIN next addressed the House, ex-
plaining his views in relation to this subject. His
speech will be given hereafter.
Mr. BARJNAKD remarked that he had voted for
the reconsideration, and did so because a spirit of
fairness towards the various sections of this Union
ltquired that the lesolution, as originally introduced
by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Tiiomas-
son,] should receive some amendment before it
should be put to the vote. Perhaps it might arise
from the interest he indulged in, in regard to im-
provements in which his constituents were more
deeply interested; or it might arise from the interest
he took in regard to those great subjects of com-
mercial improvement which he believed to be the
most important that could occupy the attention of
this House, that a suspicion had been excited in his
mind that there was an intention on the part of some
Western gentlemen to cut loose from every section
