172
appendix to The congressional globe.
Feb. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Abolition Petitions—Mr. McCauslen.
H. of Reps,
port on the case. "When might that be? Look at
the New Jersey case; the Naylor and Ingersoll case;
at the Florida case, and others, and tell me if this
might not be at the end of the Congress? That bill
■was a most flagitious outrage on the rights of this
House. It brought you, impotent and powerless,
at the feet of your own Clerk'. But that bill passed;
and nothing saved you from its operation but the
noble conduct of the President, in not returning it
within the time required by the constitution, it be-
ing the very close of the session. Taking, then,
these two laws together, and they exhibit the deep-
est laid scheme for the perpetuation of power ever
laid since the formation of this government.
Mr. Speaker, there is one point of view in which
the passage of this second section should be pecu-
liarly obnoxious to the American people. The adop-
tion of the federal constitution, after it had been
made, was of vast importance, and of painful
solicitude. Many of the illustrious men who framed
it were extremely doubtful of its ratification. The
State conventions, to whom it was referred, partici-
pated fully- and deeply in this solicitude. They
found many things in it which they did not really
approve; but rather than hazard the whole of that
sacred instrument, they concluded to let them pass,
and trust to the future wisdom of Congress not to
abuse the powers which they had conferred. The
clause of the constitutiwi which declared that Con-,
gress might make or alter the regulations of the
States, as to the times, places, and manner of hold-
ing elections, is a most apt and striking illustration.
The power was too broad in its language. They
desired Congress to have the power only in the sin-
gle case where the States would not, or could not, make
such regulations; but the terms seemed to extend be-
yond that. What should they do? Reject the
constitution, and trust to the formation of another?
The difficulties they had encountered in the forma-
tion of this, and the incalculable mischief growing
oul of the want of a constitution, induced them at
last to ratify it as it was; but to leave on their rec-
ords, for the guide and instruction of their posterity,
the most solemn instructions that they should never
take advantage of the defect. It was a known, de-
clared, admitted defect. But they appealed to their
posterity to appreciate the trying circumstances by
which they were surrounded, and never to take ad-
vantage of it. That appeal suuk deep in the heart
of every American bosom, and was never disre-
garded till 1842.
Sir, let us go back to the records of that ancient
time, and read the very words of exhortation and
instruction that were uttered by those immortal pa-
triots who ratified the constitution. I begin with
Masssacliusetts. What did she say as to this very
clause under discussion? She placed upon her rec-
ords the following declaration:
"The convention do therefore recommend that the
following'alterations and provisions be introduced
into the said'eonstitution: Section 3, That Congress
do not exercise the powers vested in them by the
fourth section of the first article, but in a case when
a State shall neglect or refuse to make the regulations
therein mentioned, or shall make regulations subver-
sive of the rights of the people to a free and equal
representation in Congress, agreeable to the consti-
tution. And this Convention do, m the name and
in behalf of this commonwealth, enjoin it upon
their representatives in Congress at all times, until
the alterations and provisions aforesaid shnll have
been considered agreeably to the fifth article of
said constitution, to exert all their influence, and use
all reasonable and legal methods to obtain a ratifica-
tion of said alterations and provisions; in such man-
ner as is provided in said article."
Sir, had any State failed or refused to provide for
the election of membeis to Congress? Not one.
Did the representatives of that ancicnt Common-
wealth "exert all their influence" against the exer-
cise of this power in any other case' They did not;
but voted for this section, in disregard to the most
solem injunctions of their fathers.
I next advert to the State of South Carolina—the
Palmetto State—so proud, and so justly proud, of
those illustrious patriots who adorn her revolution-
ary history. Her convention declared that the pow-
er to make regulations for the election of members
of Congress should be forever inseparably annexed
to the sovereignty of the States, except in the single
case of refusal or neglect by the States; and they
adopted the following resolution:
"And whereas it is essential to the preservation
pf the rights reserved to the several States, and the
freedom of the people, under the operations of a gen-
eral government, that the right of prescribing the
manner, time, and places of holding the elections to
the federal legislature, should be inseparably annex-
ed to the sovereignty of the several States: This
convention doth declare, that the same ought to re-
main to all prosperity, a perpetual and fundamental
right in the local, exclusive of the interference of
the general government, except in cases where the
legislatures of the States shall refuse or neglect to
perform and fulfil the same, according to the tenor
of the said constitution."
"Resolved, That it is a standing instruction to all
such delegates as may hereafter be elected to repre-
sent this State in the general government, to exert
their utmost abilities and influence to effect an al-
teration of the constitution conformably to the fore-
going resolution."
Need I pause to inquire whether, in the adoption
of this second section the representatives of that gal-
lant State did exert their utmost abilities and in-
fluence in obedience to these standing instructions?
I have- already told you that two of them felt at
liberty wholly to disregard them: solemn and time-
honored as they were, these gentlemen felt at liberty
to disregard them.
The State of New Hampshire comes next in or-
der—the Granite State—granite in her democracy
as she is in her geology. The declaration of her
convention is in nearly the very words of Massa-
chusetts; limiting the exercise of this power to a
single case of neglect and refusal, and enjoining at
all times on her representatives to make such limita-
tion an express and positive provision of the con-
stitution.
"The convention do therefore recommend that the
following alterations and provisions be introduced
into the said constitution:
"III. That Congress do not exercise the powers
vested in them by the fourth section of the first ar-
ticle, but in cases when a State shall neglect or refuse
to make the regulations therein mentioned, or shall
make regulations subversive of the rights of the peo-
ple to a free and equal representation in Congress;
nor shall Congress m any case make regulations
contrary to a free and equal representation."
"And the convention do, in the name and in behalf
of the people of this State, enjoin it upon their repre-
sentatives in Congress, at all times, until the altera-
tions and provisions aforesaid have been considered
agreeably to the fifth article of the said constitution,
to exert all their influence, and to use all reasonable
and legal methods, to obtain a ratification of the said
alterations and provisions, in such manner as is pro-
vided in the said article."
Virginia (next in order) went farther than all this.
She not only declared in favor of an amendment lim-
iting the power to the case of lefusal or neglect, but
she expressly enjoined it upon her representatives,
until such alteration of the constitution shall be
made, "to conform to the spirit of the amendments
as far as the said constitution will admit."
"XVI. The Congress shall not alter, modify, or
interfere in the times, places, or manner of holding
elections for senators and representatives, or either
of them, except when the legislature, of any State
shall negloct or refuse, or be disabled by invasion or
rebellion, to prescribe the same."
"And the convention do, in the name and behalf of
this Commonwealth, enjoin it upon their representa-
tives in Congress to exert all their influence, and use
all reasonable and legal methods, to obtain a latifi-
cation of the foregoing alterations and provisions, m
the manner provided by the fifth article of the said
constitution; and m all congressional laws to be pass-
ed in the mean time, to conform to the spirit of these
amendments, as fai as the said constitution will ad-
mit."
The State of New York was peculiarly guarded
and cautious m her ratification of the constitution.
Among other limitations and conventional construc-
tions of that instrument,, she declares "her adoption
of this clause, under the expectation that Congress
will not make or alter any regulation in this State
respecting the time, place, and manner of holding
elections for senators and representatives, unless the
legislature of this State shall neglect or refuse to make
laws or regulations for the purpose, or, from any
cause, be incapable of making the same; and in those
cases such power will only be exercised while the
legislature of this State shall make provision in the
premises." But the New York convention did not
jitop even here; they adopted the very words of
Virginia, and in the name and in behalf of the peo-
ple, instructed their representatives that until this
clause should be amended, "all laws to be passed by
Congress in the mean time to conform to the spirit of
such amendments, as far as the constitution will
admit."
I come now to the State of North Carolina. She
gives a most emphatic expression of her views and
wishes in relation to the extent of this power in
Congress over the "time, place, and manner of elect-
ing representatives to Congress." Her seventeenth
amendment provides "that Congress shall not alter,
modify, or interfere in the times, places, or manner
of holding elections of senators and representatives,
or either of them, except when the legislature of any
State shall neglect or refuse, or be disabled by invasion
or rebellion, to prescribe the same."
When Rhode Island, soon after the rest, came in,
it was under a ratification, declaring the same pur-
posa to amend the constitution on this point; and
until it was done, her positive injunctions to her rep-
resentatives were, like those of New York and Vir-
ginia, that they should conform to the spirit of such
amendments.
Thus, sir, I have given you seven out of the old
thirteen States, who contended against a literal con-
struction of the constitution as it was worded; seven
out of the thirteen who declared that its wording
must changed; seven out of thirteen who declared
that, until it was so altered, their members of Con-
gress must conform to the spirit of that clause as
they expounded it. What a sacred, what a holy
injunction was here! They did not like the words
of this section, but they approved the balance
of the constitution. They believed the future
glory and prosperity of their country depended
on its immediate adoption. They were unwilling to
risk losing all for the sake of some few amendments
to it. In this great emergency they ratified it as it
was; but called on their posterity to the remotest
generation, not to take advantage of its specified de-
fects, but to conform to 'its spirit with fidelity and
honor.
Sir, I will not speak for others; but I will say for
myself, that I would tear the seals from a father's
will; I would disregard his last dying request, as
soon as I would have disregarded the consecrated
instructions of these great benefactors of their coun-
try. Sir, let us restore these instructions—let us
re-establish their will, by repealing the second sec-
tion of the apportionment act. Let us, moreover,
reaffirm the invalidity of this section, by continuing
a full representation of all the States on this floor.
There is not a warmer friend to the district plan cf
electing members of Congress than I am. But let it
be done freely and voluntarily by the States them-
selves, and not be forced on them by the strong arm
of federal power. Almost every State in the Union
is now electing by districts. Repeal this section of
the law—withdraw your unconstitutional manda-
mus, as some regard it—remove those pains and pen-
alties which you have suspended over the States,
and I do not doubt that, in less than two years, scarce
a single State will be found electing by the general
ticket.
REMARKS OF MR. McCAUSLEN,
OF OHIO.
In the House of Representatives, February 1, 1844.—
On the report of the Select Committee on Rules.
Mr. McCAUSLEN, who was entitled to the floor,
said:
That, for a few days past, he had looked with
more than an ordinary degree of interest on this dis-
cussion. He had been astonished to hear the
opinions expressed by gentlemen on the other side
oi' the House, in relation to this question, as to the
extent of the powers of this government. It ap-
peared to him that gentlemen were entirely mistaken
as to the character and powers of Congress; as to the
manner in which the legislative department stands
connected with the other departments of govern-
ment. Some gentlemen seemed to think that Con-
gress possesses an omnipotent power, not only ab-
solutely controlling all the other departments pos-
sessing a co-ordinate power, but drawing even the
States into its vortex. But he had been so fortunate
(or, as some gentlemen, perhaps, might say, so un-
fortunate) as to have been taught in a different
school of politics. Where, then, is the great central
power which directs the different departments of the
government of the country? Is it here in this Capi-
tol? No, sir; no. This power rests in the people of
this country, and in them alone; they direct the des~
