158
OOMSRESSIONAL GLOfcfc
tion to the reception of the resolutions; but, as he
wished to make some remarks in regard to them,
he hoped his colleague would consent to let them
lie over for a day or two.
Mr. FRATT assented, and
The House adjourned.
The following petitions presented to-day were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By Mr. ROBINSON: A petition of 100 citizens
of Oswego, New York, praying for a modification
of existing revenue laws, so as allow a drawback
upon the exportation of goods to the coterminous
British provinces in the original boxes in which
the same are imported into the Atlantic cities, under
such guard and restrictions as shall not interfere
with the revenue of the United States; which petition
was referred to the Committee on Commerce and
Navigation. A petition of 150 citizens of Oswego,
New York, praying for the reduction of the present
rates of postage, &c.; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Petitions on the same subjects from citizens of
Oswego, New York.
By Mr. J. A. WRIGHT: The petition of Jacob
Storm, of Indian, for a pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
By Mr. EDWARD J. MORRIS: Six petitions
of citizens of Philadelphia, numerously signed,
praying Congress to grant an appropriation for the
construction of a dry-dock at the navy-yard at that
port.
By Mr. JAMBS BLACK: Petitions and docu-
ments of Frederick Tresslee, an old soldier, praying
for relief: referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions. Also, of sundry citizens of Perry county,
Pennsylvania, asking a "reduction on the postage of
periodicals, newspapers, and letters: referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. McDOWELL: A resolution of the Le-
gislature of Ohio, in favor of the repeal of the law
passed at the last session of Congress, removing the
summer term of the United States circuit court from
Columbus to Cincinnati, and in favor of having said
court holden, in future, at the city of Columbus: re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary. Also, a
petition of citizens of Scioto, Adams, and Highland
counties, Ohio, praying for the establishment of a
horse-mail route from Portsmouth, on the Ohio river,
to Hillsboro, in said Slate.
By Mr. DUNLAP: A petition of Bartlett Holmes,
for an invalid pension.
By Mr. HAYS: Two petitions from citizens of
Warren county, Pennsylvania, praying for a reduc-
tion of the rates of postage, and a restriction of the
franking privilege. Also, a petition of citizens of
Erie county, Pennsylvania, praying for an appro-
priation for the completion of the harbor at Erie.
By Mr. JOHN T. SMITH: A petition of citizens
of the city and county of Philadelphia, praying for
an appropriation for the construction of a dry-dock
at the Philadelphia navy-yard. Also, a petition of
citizens of Philadelphia city and county, praying for
the revival of the navy pension law of 1837; which
petitions were referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
By Mr. T. H. SEYMOUR: The petition of the
Hartford and New Haven Railroad Company, for
remission of duties on their railroad iron, purchased
last September: referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
By Mr. OWEN: The memorial of John Pilcher
and MO other-!, citizens of Posey county, Indiana,
praying for an itppiopriation of lands to complete
the Central Canal to Ev.u.sville.
Py Mr. BUFF1NGTON: A petition signed by a
large number of citizens of Armstrong county, in
the State of Pennsylvania, praying a reduction on
postage.
By Mr. JACOB BRINKERIIOFF: The memo-
rial of 123 citizc'is, commercial houses, and ship-
masters of Sandusky city, Ohio, praying an appro-
priation to prevent the destruction of Sandusky
hatbor. Also, the memorial of 326 citizens of Huron
and Erie counties, Ohio, praying an appropriation
for the completion of the Vermillion harbor, on
Lake Erie. Also, the meorial of 131 citizens o
Erie county, Ohio. Also, the memorial of the citi-
zens of Milan, Ohio, praying an appropriation for
the repair of Huron harbor, on Lake Erie; all of
which were refeired to the Committee on Com-
merce. Also, the memorial of 400 and upwards of
Citizens of Medina county, Ohio, praying the pas-
sage of a law for the immediate occupation of
Oregon.
By Mr. SAMPLE: The memorial of John J.
Deming, and 132 others, citizens of St. Joseph
county, Indiana, complaining of the excessive rates
of postage on letters and printed matter, as now
established by law, any praying Congress to estab-
lish a uniform rate of postage on letters, not exceed-
ing five cents in advance on letters, not weighing
more than one-half ounce, &c.; and also, to reduce
the rates of postage on newspaper and printed
matter: referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
By Mr JOHN AY. DAVIS: The petition of Ben-
jamin and Thomas Turman, of Indiana, asking
compensation for property lost by their father du-
ring the last war: referred to the Committee of
Claims.
By. Mr. MACLAY: The petition of James Mor-
gan, of New York, a revolutionary soldier, for a
pension.
By Mr. DAVID L. SEYMOUR: The petition
of sundry inhabitants of the county of Rensselaer
and State of New York, praying a reduction of the
rates of postage: referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
REPEAL OP SALT DUTIES.
The following bill was introduced, on leave, by
Mr. C. Johnson on the 35th instant, and, by some
accident, omitted in our report of that day's pro-
ceedings:
A BILL to repeal the duties on salt, and the
bounties and allowances made in consequence
thereof.
Be it enacted hi the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the united States of America in Congress
assembled, That from and after the thirtieth day of
June next, the act entitled "An act to continue in
force an act entitled 'An act laying a duty on im-
ported salt, granting a bounty on pickled fish ex-
ported, and allowances to certain vessels employed
m the fisheries,' " approved the ninth of February,
one thousand eight hundred and sixteen; and the
said act so continued in force, approved the twenty-
ninth of July, one thousand eight hundred and thir-
teen, shall be, and the same are hereby, repealed;
and that, from and after the thirtieth of June afore-
said, so much of any act or acts as lays a duty on
salt be, and the same is hereby, repealed; and that,
from and after the day last aforesaid, salt shall be
imported into the United States free of duty: Provi-
ded, That for the recovery and receipt of such du-
ties as shall have accrued, and on the day aforesaid
respectively remain outstanding, and for the recov-
ery and distribution of fines, penalties, and forfeit-
ures, and the remission thereof, respectively, which
shall have been incurred before and on the said day,
the provisions of the aforesaid acts shall remain m
full force and virtue.
Sec. 2- And be it further enacted, That so much
of the aforesaid acts, or any other acts, as allows a
bounty on exported salt provisions and pickled fish,
in lieu of drawback of duties on the salt employed
in curing the same; and so much of any act or acts
as makes allowances to the owners and crews of
fishing-vessels, in lieu of the drawback of the duties
paid on salt used by the same, shall be, and the
same is hereby, repealed: Provided, That the pro-
visions of the aforesaid nets shall remain iu full
force and virtue for the payment of the bounties or
allowances incurred or payable on the said thirtieth
of June next.
The bill Inving been read twice,
Mr. C. Joiiksov moved that it he engrossed for a
third reading.
Mr. Wiothrop moved that it be committed to the
Committee of the Whole House oil the state of the
Union.
Debate arising, the bill was hi id over, among the
ordeis on the Speaker's table.
IN SENATE.
Thi'iuday, January 18, 1844.
The PRESIDENT p-o te'.n. laid before the Senate
a communication from the Postmaster General, trans-
mitting, iu compliance with a resolution of the Sen-
ate of the 4th instant, a statement of the number of
letters, pamphlets, and newspapers, which passed
through the post offices in the United States during
the month of October, 1843, the number free, and
those on which postage was paid, &c. Accompany-
ing, also, was a statement of the free letters and doc-
uments mailed from the post office in Washington
city for three weeks during the session of Congress,
spring, 1840, as follows:
For the week commencing Jlpiil 27, and ending May 2, 1B40.
6,437
■ 7,237
Free letters from Congress
" from executive departments
13,674
Total free letters -
90,583 public document?, weighing 8,049 lbs.
For thz week commencing May 27, and ending June 2, 1340.
Free letters from Congress - - - 6,500
" from executive departments - 7,455
Total free letters ----- 13,955
108,912 public documents, weighing 9,076 lbs.
For the week commencing July I, and ending July 7, 1840.
Free letters from Congress - - - 7,426
" from executive departments - 7,340
Total free letters ----- 14,766
186,763 public documents, weighing 15,561 lbs.
Total public documents in 3 weeks, 392,068; weighing
32,689 lbs.
ToUl puMSc documents m 33 weaks, 4,314,948; weighing
359,579 lbs.
Total free letters in 3 weeks, 42,395.
Total free letters in 33 weeks, 466,345.
Whole number of documents in ses-
sion of 33 weeks - - 4,314,945—weight, 339,579 lbs.
Whole number of free letters
in session of 33 weeks - 466,345
Total documents and free let-
ters sent during session of
33 weeks - • . 4,781,293
On motion by Mr. KING, the above report was
referred Jk the Committee on the Poet Office and
Post RoSre.
Subsequently, on motion by Mr. JARNAGIN,
who was instructed to make the motion by the
Post Office Committee, the above report was or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a petition from a num-
ber of inhabitants of New York, styling themselves
looking-glass, frame manufacturers, carvers, silver-
ers of looking-glass-plates,representing that the pres-
ent duty on glass for the manufacture of looking-
glasses is so high as to materially injure their bu-
siness. They pray a reduction of the duty on look-
ing-glass plates, and plates unsilvered: referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. TAPPAN presented a memorial from Chas.
C. Little and James Brown, representing that they
contemplated publishing a sterotype edition of the
laws of the United States, and praying the patron-
age of Congress thereto: referred to the Committee
on the Library.
Also, presented a communication from B. Silliman,
the executor of the late Col. Trumbull, represent-
ing that he is in possession of certain manuscript rec-
ords kept by that gentleman, of opinions on the
cases submitted to, and decided by, the Board under
Jay's treaty in '94. He says that the Government
does not possess copies of those papers, and propo-
ses to sell them to it: referred to the Committee on
the Library.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the Committee on
Finance was discharged fiom the further considera-
tion of the petition of the vestry aijd church-war-
dens of the parish of St. Philip, in Charleston, S.
C-, praying that the duty on an organ imported by
them may be refunded.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE presented a petition from
sundry citizens of Indiana, Kentucky, and else-
where, praying for a grant of land to aid in the ex-
tension of the Wabash and Erie canal to the Ohio
river: referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from a
number of rcspecta'jle citizens of western Penn-
syh-.mia, in favor of amending the Federal Consti-
tution, so that it shail contain a clear and explicit
acknowledgment of tnc Sovereign of the universe
as the God of tins nat'on; an avowed submission to
the Saviour of mankind as the ruler of this nation;
and a recognition that His revealed will, as contain-
ed in the Scriptures of the Old and New Testaments,
is the law paramount of this nation. They also
ask Congiess to repeal all enactments authorizing
the running of the mail-stage on the Sabbath, or any
other violation of that holy day.
Mr. B. said that this memorial had been trans-
mitted to him by a learned and pious minister of the
gospel. He hoped that it -would be respectfully re-
ceived by the Senate; which «-as accordingly done-
and then it was laid upon the table. '
THE COMPROMISE ACT.
Mr. EVANS movfd the Senate to proceed to the
