QNGHESSIQKi
consideration of the- resolution reported - from the.
Committee on Finance, for the indefinite postpone-
ment of the bill introduced by the Senator from
South Carolina, [Mr. McDuffie,] proposing, to re-
duce the rate of duties under the present tariff to the
standard of the compromise act.
Mr. KING suggested that the resolution was not
the subject for consideration. The bill which was
referred to the Committee on Finance, and which
that committee reported back with a resolution for
the' indefinite postponement of, was the matter for
deliberation: when that bill comes up in its order on
the calendar, the proposition of the honorable Sena-
tor, or the committee, for indefinite postponement,
will be in order. He may then assign the reasons
of the committee for the proposition, either verbally
or in writing. Certainly the bill is the matter for
deliberation; for the obvious reason, that when
the bill comes up, the objections of the com-
mittee to it might be met by an amendment to ob-
viate them. But if the resolution was first to be acted
on, such course would deprive the Senate of the op-
portunity to make the bill acceptable by amendment.
He merely wished to preserve the regular course of
proceeding. Let the previous orders be postponed,
and the bill be taken up. It was not usual for a
committee to report resolutions of this kind. It is
usual for the chairman of a committee to state in his
place, that he was instructed, when the bill comes up
for consideration, to move for its indefinite postpone-
ment. He hoped the rale of proceeding would not
be departed from, because the committee thought
proper to report a resolution.
The CHAIR was understood to say here, that,
without reflection, he thought the resolutions should
be considered in the light of an adverse j%port, and
that the bill would come up on an adverse report.
Mr. EVANS did not know what was strictly the
order of proceeding. He did not care a great deal
about the mode of reaching the question. The ob-
ject of the committee was to obtain the sense of the
Senate upon the constitutional right or power of the
body to originate such a bill; and they thought there
was no other way to obtain it, except by present-
ing the question in the form of a resolution.
The CHAIR restated his decision, which was
not heard by the reporter.
Mr. KING- said he understood the Chair to de-
cide that the bill was not under consideration. The
rule was positive, that when a bill was sent to a
committee, it must be reported back again, that the
Senate may be enabled to determine whether they
will strike out or not any part of it which might be
objectionable to the committee. Suppose, for in-
stance, the honorable gentleman from Maine thought
proper to make a report that the bill was objection-
able, owing to a particular feature, and therefore
recommending its indefinite postponement: would it
not be competent for any Senator to move an amend-
ment, to excise the part of the bill objectionable to
the committee? Certainly. For this reason, he held
that the bill, and properly and rationally so, was the
matter for consideration. The report of the com-
mittee was, that the bill be indefinitely postponed.
If that question should first come up, and be decided
affirmatively, it would preclude an opportunity to
amend the bill. But, if the bill should come up
first, it might be so amended as to supersede the ne-
cessity of a motion for its indefinite postponement.
Mr. EVANS did not, after all, understand that, if
the Senate should vote to take up the resolution,
the bill would be the matter for discussion. If the
bill was the subject before the Senate, for discussion
and decision, then how would the resolution come
up? What the committee desired was, that the Sen-
ate would express an opinion on the question of
right 13 originate such a bill at all. That question
was to be decided on the resolution, and was pre-
liminary to any oilier question.
The CIIAIR remarked that the bill was intro-
duced on leave, and referred to the Finance Com-
mittee. That that committee had reported it back
with two resolutions; one setting forth the constitu-
tional difficulty, and the other, for such reasons, re-
solving that the bill be indefinitely postponed. He
held that the preliminary resolution was to be con-
sidered in the light of a report or recommendation of
the committee; 'but, as the latter resolution was the
consequence of the former, the whole question was
open for discussion—not only the technical question,
but the constitutional question; and on a motion for
indefinite postponement, in all the legislative bodies
of this country, the natural understanding was, that
the whole merits of the question proposed to be
postponed was open for debate.
Mr. KING here made some remarks coinciding-
with the decision of the Chair, and cited the rules
of the Senate bearing on the question. The ques-
tion for indefinite postponement, he said—which, by
the rule, takes precedence—brings up the merits of
the whole question.
Mr. BERRIEN remarked, that it struck him
that, on this subject, the Senator from Alabama is
particularly correct as relates to bills in the ordinary
sphere of jurisdiction of the Senate. They must
take the course he suggested; but, by the question
presented of the power of the Senate to entertain
the bill at all, there was a question involved pre-
liminary to all consideration of the bill as to its mer-
its. Can it be that we shall be first called on to discuss
the merits of a bill, while the question remains un-
settled whether we have the constitutional power
to entertain the bill at all? That, he said, was the
question presented by the resolution of the com-
mittee. Are we not bound, as in every other tribu-
nal, first to say whether we have jurisdiction of a
case, before we proceed to the discussion ofitf
The CHAIR was understood to say that was a
question virtually decided by the question of leave to
introduce the bill.
Mr. BERRIEN was understood to say that it was
not possible, by any form of procedure, for the
body to predetermine or supersede the question of
constitutional jurisdiction.
The CHAIR was understood to reply," that upon
that point, he would like to hear suggestions from
Senators. *
Mr. HUNTINGTON said that the committee
were almost unanimous that the bill should be in-
definitely postponed. They necessarily proceeded
on the supposition that they of the committee could
not take jurisdiction of the subject-matter of the
bill. In regard to the suggestion of the chair-
man that the preliminary question of jurisdiction
was decided on the question of leave, he would only
say, that when the question of right was then start-
ed, it was agreed that the bill should go to the Com-
mittee on Finance, which was to consider the
question of jurisdiction, and either report for
the indefinite postponement of the bill, or for
its consideration. That was his opinion of
the understanding of the Senate, when the bill
was introduced on leave. It passed through that
stage without discussion, on the supposition that
the committee would investigate and report on the
question of jurisdiction. If it was not constitution-
ally within the power of the Senate to originate such
a bill, no form of procedure could prevent action on
that preliminary question. The Senate referred the
bill to one of the committees; and a majority of that
committee are of opinion that it is a bill to raise rev-
enue; and on that supposition cannot originate in the
Senate. The report of that committee was backed
with a resolution that, on that account, the bill should
be indefinitely postponed. Now what was the first
question to be considered? That of jurisdiction. Are
Ave to go into the merits of the present tariff, and the
question whether it should be reduced, and leave the
question of constitutional right undecided? He
maintained that that body should, like all other tri-
bunals, whether they be courts of law or equity, de-
cide the question of right ofjurisdiction in the case,
before they enter into a discussion of its merits.
After a few further remarks by Messrs. KING
and EVANS, the question was put on taking up the
report of the committee, and carried in the affirma-
tive—the understanding being that the merits of the
bill could be discussed upon it.
The resolution was read as follows:
Resolved, That the bill entitled "A bill to revive
the act of the 2d March, 1833, usually called the
compromise act, and to modify the existing duties
upon foreign imports in conformity with its provis-
ions," is a bill for raising revenue within the mean-
ing of the 7th section of the 1st article of the Con-
stitution, and cannot therefore originate in the Sen-
ate: therefore
Resolved, That it be indefinitely postponed.
The following is the bill:
Sec. 1. Be it enacted by (he Senate mid House of
Representatives cf the. United States of America _ hi
Congress assembled, That so much of the existing
law'imposing duties upon foreign imports as pro-
vides that duties ad valorem on certain commodities
shall be assessed upon an assumed minimum value,
be, and the same is hereby, repealed; and that said
duties be hereafter assessed on the true value of such
commodities.
Sec. 8, And b$ it further enacted, That7 in all cases
in which the existing duty upon ftay. irirpottfd
modity exceeds thirty per oentaijal; oh . $n.:. wjue,
thereof, such duty shall hereafter bo reduced to
thirty per centum ad valorem. . . : ,
Sec. 3. JInd be it farther enacted, That, from and
after the 31st day of December next, all duties upon
foreign imports shall be reduced to twenty-five per
centum; and, from and after the 31st of December,
1844, to twenty per centum ad valorem.
Mr. EVANS would offer a few observations ex-
planatory of the views taken by the committee , in
reporting the bill back, with the resolution then un-
der consideration. The simple question for- the
Senate to determine on was distinctly stated in,that
resolution. It lay within very narrow limits; and
to it alone he would confine the brief observations
he felt called on to make. The committee gave .to
that question an undivided and impartial attention;
but could find no precedent to assist in coming to
any other conclusion than that reported. He did
'not say that similar bills had not been introduced in
the Senate; but he could not find that any one of '
them had ever been acied on. The very act of
compromise referred to as an argument for the pass-
ing of this bill was introduced in this branch, and
its several points patiently discussed. It went
through different stages; but, at the last moment, the
question of jurisdiction being brought up, its fate
was decided, and it did not become a law: it was
laid on the table, and no further action had on it.
The want of jurisdiction in the Senate to emanate
such a bill was the sole cause of its failure; for a
bill substantially the same, originating in the House
of Representatives, was introduced to this body,
and passed, without dissent. It was possible that
one or two bills to wholly repeal, or do away with
rates of duty in particular cases, might have origi-
nated with the Senate; but a bill such as the present,
which went really to increase the revenue, by di-
minishing duties, could not, without a violation of
the Constitution, emanate from the Senate. This
question of jurisdiction the committee regarded as
one of the greatest importance; and, in framing their
resolution, they took care to present it distinctly for
the consideration of the Senate.
The whole question turned on the meaning of the
words "raising revenue;" and, to solve it, it was ne-
cessary to know the real and distinct meaning of
those words. In the present case, but one meaning
could be received, inasmuch as the avowed object
of the framer of this bill was, by reduction of the
duties of importation on foreign produce and manu-
facture, to increase the revenue by thus creating a
greater demand, and consequently a larger supply of
articles subject to such duties. It might be argued,
and no doubt would be by the gentlemen in favor of
this bill, that it is not a bill for raising revenue, but
for remitting it; that the word "raise" is equivalent to
"increase" or "augment;" and therefore this bill can-
not be viewed as a bill to raise revenue, inasmuch as
it does not go to increase, but to reduce duties—
"duties" being equivalent to the word "revenue."
This argument, plausible though it may be, is not
substantial. The word "revenue" must certainly be
received, not only as equivalent to "duties," but to
much more. In the present case, it must be re-
ceived in a far more extensive sense. The revenue
embraces all moneys received by Government
through its various ordinary sources. And if admit-
ted that the reduction of duties sought for by this
bill, will, by enlarging our commerce and holding
out a bonus to our merchants and ship-owners, to
increase their traffic, add to that revenue, then the
question is at once set to rest, and the Senate has no
power to originate such a measure.
The argument of the honorable gentleman who in-
troduced this bill for reduction of Juties is plainly an
argument for augmentation of the revenue. It cannot
be viewed, nor is it offered, in any other light; and if
he would only transpose his words, and give his
meaning plainly to the Senate, the caption of the
bill would read, "A bill to augment the.revenue by
the reduction of certain duties." Thus viewing the
case, the committee considered the originating^of
such measure in this branch of Congress as prolfib-
ited by the Constitution. If carried into execution,
it provides at once for the collection of revenue and
the paying of that revenue into the treasury of the
United States; and no matter whether such payments
be more or less than the payments made under any
previous law that this bill would repeal, still such
payments go to increase the revenue and confirm
the law under which such payments are made as a
law for "raising revenue," and nothing else. If it is
contended that it is not a bill to raise revenu?, and
