ted
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
- - rvy-f- ~
that it will not be so when made a law; then what
other purpose does it answer? To .what purposes
are our custom-houses to be applied, or what ser-
vices are we to expect from our custom-house offi-
cers. They will go on to levy such duties as this
bill proposes to allow, on all foreign importations,
and will continue to .pay over such -duties to the
treasury of" the United States; and_ surely it
will not be argued that moneys so paid into the
treasury will not form part and portion of the reve-
nue. Under what law will those collections be
made, or those payments handed over? Why, un-
der the law proposed by this bill, and so much of
our previous laws as this bill does not repeal or ren-
der useless. The bill, he argued, was drawn up
with great skill to avoid any apparent conflict with the
Constitution of the United States; but mere fine phra-
seology or guarded language must not lead the Senate
to do that which they are prohibited from doing by
that Constitution. The most trifling action of the
Senate on this subject is of the greatest importance;
and, therefore, it requires them to investigate the
subject, not the fine-drawn phraseology of the bill,
which would seem to set forth that its object is only
to remit duties imposed by other laws, and that it
goes not to impose duties not existing under previ-
ous acts. The bill is very guardedly drawn where
it says, "no more than thirty per cent, shall be im-
posed on any article of foreign produce or manufac-
ture imported into this country;" but not sufficiently
so to prevent its real object being seen.
He did not think this difficulty was to be disposed
of by very nice and guarded language. The sub-
stance of the bill had to be looked to; and what was
the bill, in substance, but a bill repealing all former
acts imposing duties for revenue, and proposing
new ones? Would there be any difference in that?
Would gentlemen agree that if this bill were in two
sections, the first of which provided that all existing
laws imposing duties on imports, should be repeal-
ed; the second section providing that, on all articles
imported into the United States, a rate of duty of 30
per cent, ad valorem should be levied,—would they
say it was a bill raising duties oil imports' In the
first place, it repealed all other laws, and then made
a new one. It was so in substance, though not in
form. And was it not the substance and opera-
tion of a bill the Senate was to look to? He held
it to be a bill which, with great respect to the hon-
orable Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. McDur-
fie,J could not, in its present state, constitutionally
originate in the Senate. It was a bill imposing du-
ties and raising revenue on all articles of importa-
tion.
A very considerable proportion, both in number
and value, of all the imports of this country, were
subject to specific duties—duties on iron, so much a
ton; on hemp, so much a ton; sn duck, so much a
yard; silk, by the pound; glass, by the pound; salt,
by the bushel; spirits, by the gallon; and so on. A
great variety of these articles were articles of value,
and were subject to specific rates of duties by weight,
and not by value. The argument of the honorable
Senator [Mr. McDuffie] would have been much
stronger, if he had stated that the present duty on
iron of 15 per cent, should be reduced to 5 per cent.
Such a course would show at once the true meaning
of the bill, which went, by a reduction of duties, to
promote an increase of the revenue. In short, if the
proposed bill meant any tiling;, it meant the collec-
tion of a new duty under a new form—u duty to be
assessed by invoices and not by quantity. But how
was it to be done? Not certainly by any existing law,
but by a law which would impose a duty of 30 or '20
per cent,, as this bill would do if it were executed.
He did not think the bill could lie executed. Tiip
provisions provided that a rate of ad valorem dutirs
should be assessed on all articles which are subject
to specific duties, it would iK't provide for any
assessment, unless the honorable Senator would in-
troduce a clause, saying that, from a ceriain date,
iron should be subject to a duty of SI.> or a
ton;and hemp as much, and spirits as much; and then
the question WGuld arise, in what way were those
duties to be collected? There was no law to regu-
late the collection, no law prescribing the manner in
which such duties should be collected,
Under this bill. the collector or comptroller of cus-
toms sends word to the officers under him to abac
don all existing duties; and when he does so, how
is he to execute this proposed law? IS"ot under a
revenue bill emanating from this body—a body
which, by the Constitution, has no power to send
forth or concoct such bill. lie contended that the
,16th secfjoi) did not (though it rnisrht be argued to
the contrary) reach this case. It is said this law
does not impose a certain duty; but it says,
"where there is or shall be a certain duty, then not
more," &c. Now, if this is allowed by the honora-
ble Senator, he must admit that it imposes in reality
an ad valorem duty; and if the law can only be ex-
ercised under this section, it gives a power to con-
trol ad valorem duties not heretofore recognised.
This bill goes for the remitting of duties, not merely
beyond a certain amount, but for the imposition of
new ad valorem duties, under altogether a new
form; and to assess those duties, invoices should be
looked at, instead of scales and balances.
Mr. Evans here entered into a history of the
origin of the clause of the Constitution prohibiting
the Senate from acting on such bills, unless brought
up from the House of Representatives. It was
taken, he said, from a similar clause contained in the
British constitution, which gave to the House of
Commons the sole power of originating and carry-
ing through all measures bearing on the public rev-
enue, and prohibiting the House of Lords from at
all interfering therewith, the Commons being the
only recognised representative body of the people.
When this question was brought up in convention,
it was at the instance of the smaller States. They
considering that, if the Senate had the power of rais-
ing revenue by the imposing of taxes or otherwise,
they would not have, in that body, an equality of
representation, and that their interests would be
merged in those of the larger States. This view
they pressed on the convention; and, by persever-
ance, at last obtained the compromise which pro-
hibited the Senate from emanating any bill for the
raising of revenue—leaving to that body on all such
questions still the power of amendment. It would be
a dangerous precedent to transcend the powers
granted to this body by the Constitution, by
originating a bill to make a law in direct violation
of that Constitution-
To enable Senators to judge how far his views were
correct, he would refer to the treasury-note bill of
the extra session of 1887, which originated in and
passed the Senate, but was, after a discussion in the
House of Representatives, refused to be entertained
on the simple ground that its emanating from the
Senate was a violation of the Constitution. If such was
the fate of that bill—which, strictly speaking, could
not be termed a bill for raising revenue, its express
purpose being for borrowing money, which should
be repaid—it furnished a strong argument in support
of the resolution reported by the committee. On
this determination of the House, Mr. Cambreling, then
chairman of the Ways and Means, took up his own
bill, which contained the same provisions, and which
passed, and became a law.
Such a bill as that proposed could only originate in
the House, and, in this body, could only receive
indefinite postponement.
Mr. McDUFFIE remarked, that he understood the
chairman of the Committee on Finance [Mr. Evans]
confined his argument to the constitutional right of
the Senate to originate this bill, for the purpose of
discussing that point as a preliminary question,
leaving the merits of the bill to be afterwards de-
bated. As it was probable other gentlemen were,
desirous of giving their views on that constitutional
point, he would cheerfully yield the floor to them
for that discussion.
Mr. WOODBURY was sure, if gentlemen had
taken into consideration the origin of the principle
now under consideration, they would lune seen
that, however applicable it might have been to the
condition of England and the" form of its Govern-
ment, there could be no analogy drawn from that
circumstance in relation to any necessity for srivirg
it the came iit'crpi'e'.aiion in the; GoiTr>:r,;e,,f. Jt
was w> li known that, 111 the com ention whrh ;■<tiled
the Constitution, tin? que >*ion eave i is.- tobngdisu:"-
non and serious dehbt ration, ii was token partially
fiom a similar provision in the British constitution",
from which many of our existing laws were (i'ViWn.
The "British Commons at frst had not ,he r-ow-
er to propose or originate taxes, or other
sources of revenue; they -were colled on to e ;
sent to tavp,^ not to propone* but after the icv-
fjutio'i, they, on the principle that they were
the only representative0 o- the'people, datined r.,i:i
obtained the right, not only of proposing, but car-
rying out, without other uiterferc-nJe, all niT-surfa
heaimg on the expenditure of their o?ii;.tihisniv— ihe
people. The constitution of England stood com-
posed of king, lords and commons—the latter being
alone representative of the people. The lords could j
m no way be viewed a? a representative body; they i
formed a distinct tribunal; and it was in the spirit that
the people should not be burdened, except-by their
chosen representatives, tljat the other branches of
the English constitution were prohibited from not
only proposing, but entertaining, any question ap-
pertaining to the public revenue. But that argu-
ment would not hold good here. The Senate was,
he maintained, a representative body—fully as much
so as the House of Representatives; the only differ-
ence was, the latter represented the people, |he
former the sovereign States of the Union.
In convention, it was argued, as a reason for with-
holding from this body the power of originating rev-
enue questions, that here the great States had the
most power, and .that the interests of the smaller
States would not be fairly represented; and to
strengthen themselves, reports were industriously
circulated that the Senate intended to constitute itself
a permanent body, and to reside at the seat of Gov-
ernment, where its members would possess all the
influence necessary to forward their own plans,
without humbling themselves by visiting or attend-
ing to the wants or wishes of constituents; but,
notwithstanding all these strong arguments against
it, the convention gave to the Senate the main pow-
er, in giving to them, on all such matters emanating
elsewhere, the power of amendment. He asked,
did it over enter into the heart of man to suppose
that questions of the nature now under considera-
tion could not emanate here without being prejudi-
cial to the interests of the country? Could the Sen-
ate do nothing? Could they not introduce bills to
prevent frauds on the public revenues, to bestow,
sell, or distribute public lands, being one branch of
these revenues.
Half tlfe bills .in relation to the public lands had
originated in the Senate. The Senate, being the rep-
resentation of the States, had as much right to
originate legislation on subjects of paramount inter-
est to the States, as the other branch (the House)
had to originate legislation on subjects of general
interest to the people. The only limitation with re-
gard to the Senate, was in regard to bills for imposing
posing taxation for revenue; and then, the origin of
such bills must be in the other House. It is only
the imposition of a new tax, or duty, or the increas-
ing of duties already existing, that the Senate is pro-
hibited from originating. But, can it be argued
from this, that a modification of existing laws,
which does not either impose new duties, or aug-
ment duties already established, can be involved in
this question of prohibition?
In relation to the post office, did it not raise
its income by taxation on the community?
and yet did any one doubt that the Senate could
originate bills to regulate or reduce the rates of
postage, or think it would be an infringement on the
rights of the other House? Was the chairman of
the Committee on the Post Office—now so anx-
iously engaged in framing a bill on the subject of
postage and the internal economy of the department
—to be met with this objection when he introduced
his bill? and yet was it an analogous case.—
Gentlemen might say that the post office does nqt i'ai.io
revenue. But postage was, in pointof fact, as much a
tax on the people, as far as it went, as any other tax
to which they were subject. It had always been con-
sidered such. It was no matter whether the ex-
pense of the establishment consumed the income or
not; still it was a tax. It is a mode of raising rev-
enue. But if the principle on which the introduc-
tion of this bill was resisted should become a pre-
cedent, the Senate cannot, against that precedent,
originate a bill to change the rates of postage.
Neilaer a bill tc regulate postage or to mitigate the
present ra'es of postage, can, according to that prin-
ciple, in the -'a.Ve
Air. W. referred to a-assas-e ui an act of IS'jG,
wlu'h dorian s that pom office incline is a ivvcn.ir,
and by whirh the rfreipt? were to he paid into the
treasury as revenue, and drawn from it as revenue.
Gentlemen said there could be no revenue from the
post office, because the expenditure left none; bt.t
would they take any ten years back in succeo' 1 < •, j I
I iful, and y that no revenue had been derived f.oir,
the post oifice above ii:' e;>:prn;.csr He anp^ehaneed
tJl'V wo'iM net this. TUr. W. then refer; ed io
pvrral instances in which payments had been made
into the treasury from the juart omre, conmi'w ing
In ail cou-itr.cs in which the po.it-ornee
pysiem Y,"/i3 piopcriy carried on, it was looked to «
a source of revenue. In F.roHnd, the r.ror.rds had
been £11,000,000, and was now reduced to Vi.OOO.-
Ofi . In France, it is So,030,000.
The objections now urged against th? oriffin&tioij -
