CONORES8IOML «L«BE.
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
28th Cong.,
.1st Sess.
TUESDAY, JANUARY" 23, 1844.
Volume 13....No. It.
[Continued from'No. 10.]
of this bill in the Senate would equally apply to the
introduction of treasury-note bills; yet such bills
had originated in. the Senate frequently. He in-
stanced that in 1837, and others.
Gentlemen shouid consider that they "were the
representatives of sovereign States, and that they
ought to hesitate before they deprived those States
of any of their rights or privileges of being heard;
and that if they reject this bill because its affects
revenue, they establish a precedent for rejecting
every bill affecting the public lands, rates of post-
age, loans, and raising money by treasury notes.
The .same precedent would be applicable to origina-
ting bills on any one of these subjects in the Senate,
The compromise bill of 1832-3 originated in the
Senate, a question being raised as to the right
of originating it. The bill went through all its
stages to its final passage, without any objection of
that kind succeeding; and it was only as a matter
of convenience, to facilitate business, that it was
laid on the table, and the House bill taken up
(which was exactly the same) and passed.
On looking to the general laws, it would be found
that many bills affecting revenue had originated in
the Seriate. He gave, as an instance, the law of
1830 repealing tonnage duty on shipping. Did not
that bill affect revenue? It was no matter whether it
was a repeal or reduction of duty. In 1833 another
bill originated in the Senate, suspending certain du-
ties, He also referred to acts of 1839 and 1834. He
had only looked over two volumes of the general
laws out of eight; and no doubt in the remaining six
he could find numerous instances in which bills
affecting the levenue had originated in the Senate.
He apprehended that, from these analogies and pre-
ecdents, the bill introduced by the Senator frem South
Carolina ought to be entertained on the ground that
it did not come in conflict with the clause in the Con-
stitution so often quoted by the gentlemen opposite.
It does not at all touch that principle, because it is
not a bill to increase the burden of taxation. The
States do not interfere to increase the burdens of the
people, which that clause of the Constitution was in-
tended to guard against on their part: and therefore it
does not come within the object, intent, or meaning of
the prohibition. On the contrary, it is a bill to reduce
taxation—to diminish the burdens of the people—
'and, so far, goes with the object which the framers
of the Constitution had in view. It is, besides, sus-
tained, rather than impaired, by all the precedents
existing on the subject of originating in the Senate
bills affecting revenue on imports, lands, and post-
ages—bills frequently originating in that body, ever
eiiice the foundation of the Government.
If the Senate departed from these precedents, it
would, in doing so, strip itself of its own power,
and, by the action of representatives of sovereign
States, deprive those States of one of their most
important privileges. On these grounds he was
opposed to the resolution, and should vote against it.
Mr. HUNTINGTON said, that being one of the
committee which reported this resolution, he felt
called upon to state—and he should do it very
briefly—the reasons which had induced him to con-
cur w iili the majority in the decision that the bill of
the Senator from South Carolina, could not originate
in the Senate.
He was ycry glad that this was a question which
could be discussed without, being prejudiced by par-
ty opinions. It was simply a question of constitu-
tional law. It was to be decided by a reference to
the very same instrument which enabled the Senate
to sit iii that chamber as a legislative body, and to
exercise lis legislative functions.
The arguments of his honorable friend from
Maine, [Mr. E\ans>,] were so clear, lucid, and full,
that thev superseded the necessity of any elaborate le-
marks from any quarter in support of the resolution
reported from the Finance Committee. Indeed, if it
were not for the importance of the question, he
(Mr. Hcntingto\t) should not have attempted to
trespass on the time of the. Senate by anything he
could hope to say in addition to the remarks of Ins
honorable friend.
He thought the question now before the Senate
(the merits of the bill not being under discussion)
had been happily compressed into very narrow lim-
its. It was simply whether the bill introduced by
the Senator from South Carolina was or was not a
revenue bill, within the meaning of the clause in the
Constitution which says all bills to raise revenue
shall originate in the House of Representatives.
The clause in the Constitution which contains this
express limitation, is the 7th section of the first arti-
cle. It says that all bills for raising revenue shall
originate in the House of Representatives; but the
Senate may propose or concur in amendments, as in
other bills coming from the House. Now, every
part of this limitation was to be considered in refer-
ence to its construction. "A11 bills for raising reve-
nue shall originate in the House of Representa-
tives." In its own construction and practical effect,
it was to be considered whether this was a bill vir-
tually to raise revenue, no matter what form or
shape it assumed.
Mr. H. proceeded, at great length, to argue this
point. In the course of' his- remarks, (which were
quite elaborate,) he urged that, although the bill pro-
Eosed to reduce duties, it was not the less a revenue
ill. There was, he contended, an important dis-
tinction between the terms revemie and duties. Rev-
enue meant income; duties, the rate of taxation. In
like manner there was an important distinction be-
tween the general meaning of the words to raise rev-
enue, and the particular meaning of the word raise
as applied to the increase of ahy thing. To raise
revenue, signified to provide an income; now, gene-
rally applied, to an income for Government.
On these definitions (here exceedingly compress-
ed) Mr. H. proceeded to argue that, no matter how
much this bill might reduce duties, it would still be
a bill to raise revenue, in the literal meaning of the
clause in the Constitution: that being such, the Sen-
ate was inhibited by the Constitution from origina-
ting it: that, if any doubt existed on that point, the
matter was set at rest by the fact that, if the bill be-
came a law as it now stood, the first clause would
repeal all existing revenue laws; and the only rev-
enue law that would be in force, would be this very
bill, by which, and through which alone, duties
could be received, according to the limitations there-
in laid down; that this new law would altogether
change whatever might be supposed to remain of the
present existing laws for raising revenue, by making
articles, now paying specific duties, pay ad valorem
duties, and by making articles now free of duty pay
duties; and that, having all these powers, it would
be to all intents and purposes a bill to raise reve-
nue, of the very character which the Constitution
inhibited the Senate from originating.
He contended that the precedents cited by the
Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Woodbury]
w-ere not in point; that the income of the General
Post Office was not a tax, and had never been con-
sidered as such, because the purpose with which
that department had been instituted, was not to pro-
vide revenue, but to facilitate intercommunication,
commerce, and civilization.
Mr. H. also touched upon the question of the
rio-ht to originate bills in the Senate for tire disposal
of the public lands. This, he contended, was not
analogous to the origination of bills to raise revenue.
In conclusion, Mr. H. hoped that, by keeping
these distinctions in view, the Senate would see the
propriety of adopting the resolution reported by the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. BUCHANAN said he had not tire least in-
tention of discussing this question; but he desired
to form a correct opinion on the subject, and to ex-
press it by his vote. In the course of the debate,
one objection had occurred to hint against entertain-
ing jurisdiction of this bill by the Senate, which,
perhaps, his friend from South Carolina [Mr. Mc-
Duffie] could remove to-morrow morning; for he
took it for granted that, at the present late hour, ho
would not desire to proceed with his remarks.
The question which he would propound was,
Can you originate any bill ill this body which you
cannot amend according to your legislative discre-
tion1 The Senator's bill"proposed eventually to re-
duce all existing duties above twenty per cent, to
that standard. Now, there were many articles, un-
der existing laws, which pay a rate of duty of tweb e
and a half per cent. Suppose this bill were now undei
discussion before the Senate: could he (Mr. !>•)
move an amendment to raise the duty on one ,tf£"
these articles from twelve and a half to twenty pes'
cent.? Certainly not; because this would be an a*f"
mitted violation of the Constitution, as it would
raise the rate of duty. If this bill could, then, ori-
ginate in the Senate, we have no jurisdiction over it
so as to raise the rate of dudes. It would be one-
sided, altogether; and we should thus be limited to
a partial action upon the subject. Our hands would
be tied. We might then reduce, but could not in-
crease any duty. He should, therefore, be glad if
the Senator from South Carolina would furnish an
answer to this objection.
Mr. McDUFFIE observed, that it was his desire
to discuss not only the question of initiation, but the
still greater question of the merits of the measure
itself. It would be impossible for him to go on this
evening, and conclude his remarks. He suggested,
therefore, that the Senate should either go into exec-
utive session, or adjourn.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIONS.
Thursday, January 18, 1844.
The journal having been read,
On motion of Mr. TIBBATTS, the memorial of
Captain Henry M. Shreve, asking Congress to make
an appropriation, by the passage of law, to pur-
chase, for the use of the Government, the patent-
right of said Shreve for snag-boats, and for other
purposes, was withdrawn from the files of the
clerk's office, arrd referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. IRVIN asked leave to submit the following
resolution; which was read for information:
Resolved, That the use of this hall be granted to
the American Colonization Society this evening, for
the purpose of holding an adjourned meeting of said -
society.
Mr. BLACK objected to the reception of the res-
olution.
Mr. IRVIN asked leave to make an explanation.
There was a meeting of the Colonization Society
held in the hall last "Tuesday evening, and, not hav-
ing finished the business before them, they ad-
journed over to meet this evening. Upon applica-
tion, however, to the Speaker, they were informed
that it would be necessary to get the consent of the
House before the use of the hall could be granted
them. There certainly could be no objections to
allowing the society to finish the business before
them.
Objections still being made by several,
Mr. IRVIN moved a suspension of the rules, to
allow him to offer the resolution.
Mr. REDING called for the yeas and nays; but
they were not ordered.
Mr. STEPHENS inquired if it had not been
usual to grant the use of the hall to the Coloniza-
tion Society. .
The SPEAKER thought that it had been fre-
^"Mr^S^EPIIENS observed that he would then
£0 for a suspension of the rales. .
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS then ask^d for tellers
on the call for yeas and nays; but
The SPEAKER said that the yeas and nays had
already been refused.
The question was then taken, by tellers, on the
suspension of the rules, and resulted irt ayes 76,
noes 9.
No quorum voting,
Mr. VANCE called for the yeas and nays on the
question; which were ordered. '
Mr. BLACK moved a call of the House.
This question resulted in, ayes 14, noes 88.
No quorum voting,
Mr BLACK expressed the hope that the resoiu-
tion would go over, or that it would not be pressed
on the House at this time.
Mr. PETTIT moved that the House adjourn.
Mr! WELLER callod for the yeas and nays on
the question; which being ordered, resulted in yeas
1 nays 158.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question was then put on the suspension pi
the roles.
