Feb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
175
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Lv.rn.pki,
H. of Reps.
coerce all the powers of legislation. If tliey have
it not, their power and right must end so soon as the
action of the legislature is called into exercise. As
long as the separate will of the petitioners controls
the petition, their right prevails; but as soon as they
cast their petition under the will and judgment of
the legislature, that will and judgment must prevail,
or the legislature is abolished.
Now, sir, permit me to ask, with whom has the
constitution entrusted the legislative power of Con-
gress? Is it vested in any petitioners, a part of the
people only, who may • come here with their pray-
ers? or in a single member of Congress, who may
present them, and make his legislative motions with
respect to them? The constitution says, "all legis-
lative powers herein granted shall be vested in the
Congress of the United States;" all the people, by
all their representatives in Congress, are to exercise
the legislative powers granted to the constitution.
And this must be so, or not only the constitution
would be violated, but legislation itself would be
impracticable. Why, if a part of the people can
come in here, and dictate the course of legislation,
so may another; and the scramble for power by in-
consistent and opposing interests, would soon bring
the whole legislature to a halt, and produce its disso-
lution. This is inevitable, if petitioners, or their rep-
resentatives, acting for them in Congress, can con-
trol the will and power of legislation.
But not only is the right and power of petitioners
limited to acts to which they are competent; but
Congress is limited also in its power of acting on
their prayers. It is bound to act; but to act within
tlie powers the constitution confers. Congress is
controlled in its legislation both by the grants and
limitations of the constitution. Is there any grant
in the constitution which may affect the disposition
of petitions? The constitution expressly prescribes
that "each House may determine the rules of its
proceedings." Whether it will proceed,,or not pro-
ceed, in all matters of business and legislation; and
how the House will proceed, by rules prescribed, is
absolutely within its constitutional competency.
"Whenever, therefore, the House, in its discretion,
makes any rules for the order of its business and
legislation, they are obligatory on all petitioners, who
propose subjects of legislation for its consideration.
And Congress, too, is restrained, by the limitations
of power in the constitution. These have been most
carefully defined, and no jurisdiction can be enter-
tained over subjects, which the constitution has not
submitted to the legislation of Congress. On all
such subjects, Congress has neither the moral nor
constitutional power to act; and petitioners, there-
fore, cannot ask Congress to act. I go one step
further: I contend that Congress, even within its ad-
mitted powers, is limited by a sound discretion—
looking to the interests and welfare of the people of
the whole Union, it is bound to protect and promote.'
If, in the opinion of Congress, any subject of legis-
lation invited by petitions, or by any other method
of legislation, ought not to be considered or dis-
cussed, it is their right and duty to preclude them
from consideration and discussion. The responsi
bility of action is theirs; and they, and they only,
must determine what mode of action will promote
the welfare of all. I have heard its suggested—I
believe the gentleman from North Carolina suggest-
ed it—that the right of petition was unlimited; that
it was like prayer to God, whom we could ask for
anything. Sir, with reverence be it spoken, the
Aimight himself is limited by his attributes of puri-
ty, holiness, and justice. He could not receive peti-
tions to do that which is evil and wrong. His ear
must be turned from implorations which violated
faith, and assailed the rights of others. Nor can
men, in their assembled or individual capacities, any
more than the Deity, regard or hold under consid-
eration any requests which moral duty forbids them
to grant.
Under these limitations, what course should Con-
gress pursue with respect to the abolition petitions,
which have raised this debate? Take the strongest
of them—those praying the abolition of slavery in
the District of Columbia and the Territories. Ad-
mit that Congress has the power of abolishing
slavery in both of these regions; will this justify
Congress in entertaining petitions for this purpose?
If tliis is the purpose of the petitions—if the object
really is really the extinction of slavery in this Dis-
trict or the Territories—then the power being con-
ceded, Congress ought to consider petitions propo-
sing its exercise. But what if this not the purpose or
object'—that the petitioners would not abolish slavery
in this District if they could; and cars nothing for its
existence in the only Territory we have where it does
exist; and that the purpose and object of these peti-
tions really are, to affect and overthrow slavery in the
States, over which Congress has-no constitutional
or moral control—should these petitions be then re-
ceived? If the petitions prayed Congress to inter-
fere with, or abolish slavery in the States, all will
concede that the matter is beyond its jurisdiction.
Shall we, then, be blinded by forms, and be deceived
by a veil so thin, that all can see the dark features
lurking' behind it. Every one in and out of Con-
gress knows, that slavery in the States is the real
object they design to assail. They propose, by con-
tinual agitations, through the instrumentality of these
petitions, to propagate their fanaticism, and produce
the alternative of the interference by Congress in the
slave institutions of the South, or a dissolution of the
Union. Now, sir, is it constitutional for Congress
to lend itself to this unconstitutional end? . Can Con-
gress do that indirectly, which it cannot do directly?
Admit the absolute power of Congress over the Dis-
trict and the Territories: constitutionally can it, un-
der the pretext of slavery here, use its power to affect
slavery m the States, over which it has no jurisdic-
tion? I have heard of a man who fired his own fields
to burn down his neighbor's fences and bam
We have no right to use what is un doubtedly
ours, to work an injury to another. And it was
upon this high moral and constitutional ground, that
the South and the democratic party acted in Ather-
ton's resolutions, and refused entertaining or consid-
ering such petitions. Sir, we acted on things as
they really were—as they"are now. The abolition
petitions before us are as truly petitions to abolish
slavery in the States, as if this purpose was declared
on their faces; and Congress can have no right to re-
ceive or consider them. Not only the constitution,
but a regard to the safety and welfare of the people
of the Union, in the sound discretion of Congress,
forbids it to entertain the subject of slavery.
But I know, Mr. Speaker, how subtle is the hu
man nnnd, and how difficult it is for reason to pre-
vail, when such motives are in operation as actuate
those who thrust this subject into the debates of
Congress. Yet who can doubt, from the very ex-
citements and contests on this floor, that we are in
an unconstitutional position? The constitution was
designed for the regulation and protection of our for-
eign relations only—of matters in which all portions
of the Union had an equal interest; and thus the
selfishness of all portions of the Union would pro-
tect against the abuse of any. But here, sir, is a
sectional question—the most delicate of all which
can enter into legislative consideration or action—a
question which, not merely by implication, but by
plain provisions of the constitution, is withheld from
the control of Congress, Do you suppose, Mr.
Speaker, that your ancestors or mine, when they as-
sented to this constitution, ever dreamed of the
scene which is now before us' that you should be
listening and I debating the propriety of Congress
shutting out from its consideration the question of
African slavery? Prom day to day, for the last six
weeks, has this question raised its head in this Hall,
bringing its designed and necessary effects of dis-
content, contention, and danger. We are reaping the
harvest of our unconstitutional action, by entertain-
ing this subject in the collisions and strifes it has en-
gendered; and which,if continued, must inevitably end
in a dissolution of the Union. I am not amongst
those who believe that by the twenty-first rule, or
any rale of proceeding in Congress, this tendency
of things can be easily arrested. Fanaticism of any
kind, when it stirs men's souls, is not easily allayed:
, especially a fanaticism which appeals for support,
however falsely, to religion and the love of liberty
—the two most powerful principles which can actu-
ate the human heart. One thing is sure: conceding
and yielding to it will not satisfy it, if experience
and the nature of all passions can teach anything.
Wherever this spirit has been promptly met, (as m
New Hampshire,) it has been arrested; but wherever
it has been tampered and compromised with, ("as in
Massachusetts,) it has gone on, until it has brought
forth its legitimate fruit of proposing a dissolution
of the Union, in the shape of the resolutions she
has lately submitted to Congress. And it will go
on, sir, with increased fury, if permitted to kindle
and burn in this hall. The South will not aid it,
and will stand clear of the consequences. They
are the assailed party—unconstitutionally, insulting-
ly assailed; and if my counsel could have prevailed,
or could now prevail, members from the South
would withdraw from any participation in legisla-
tion-on this subject, and neither speak, vote, nor
act, in any manner whatever, concerning it. They
would let those who introduce it here take all the re-
sponsibilities of legislative action on the subject.
Instead of growing stronger, we are growing weak-
er, by the abandonment of former friends; and
there is something, in my mind, degrading in the
spectacle of seeking, by our action, protection against
aggression which it is outrage to offer. The South
is arraigned to answer for institutions which belong
to her alone, and no power on earth has the right to
question. Why should she answer to the insolence
and wrong which arraign her? Have her patience
and forbearance brought sympathy or support?
For six years this course of aggression has been
going on, gathering strength in the North, and gain-
ing foothold on this floor; and where it will end, the
great Ruler of Events alone can tell. But in this
state of things, I cannot imitate the example of
those who have dealt so elaborately in professions
of attachment to the Union. My sincerity and
truthfulness might both justly be suspected; for it
is not the nature of insult and oppression to pro-
duce attachment and admiration. The South speaks
not. Her people are mute at these transactions; but
they are not indifferent.
The agitations at.the North against her institu-
tions by their people and State legislatures, gather-
ing in strength, and increasing in boldness, setting
aside the constitution, and endangering the Union
itself—are awakening a correspondent spirit in the
South, of defiance and discontent. Sir, I doubt not
that gentleman have truly expressed their opinions
in all they have said of the attachment of the peo-
ple of the North to the Union. I may doubt- the
correctness of their information, but I do not doubt
their sincerity. It would be trifling with the sub-
ject on our part—it would be inconsistent with that
frankness winch should characterize the relations
of members on this floor, if I did not declare, that
in consequence of the proceedings of fanatics in and
out of Congress, there is in the South a deep and
growing disaffection to the Union. Instead of en-
joying equal rights in this Confederacy, they see the
taxing power of the government wielded for the ag-
grandizement of one portion of the Union, at the
expense of the rest. Instead of protection and sym-
pathy between the members of the Union, they see
their institutions wantonly assailed, their peace en-
dangered, and their personal, social, and political
characteristics aspersed, belied, and denounced.
And these evils of their condition have increased, are
increasing, and, I fear, are destined to go on. Events
are in the hands of none; but ourcourseof duty is
under the control of all. The South will remain
as she has always been, on the defensive—usurping,
violating, the rights of no portion of the Union; but
ever prepared to maintain her own. Her destiny is
in her own hands—above the control (if true to her-
self) of men here, or States elsewhere. She must
not look to the power or sympathy of others for
support or aid. Self-protection will be her only
protection; and, strong in her own resources, she
has but to extend them with vigilance, energy, and
courage, and, in the Union or out of the Union,
she can and will be free.
SPEECH OF MR. LUMPKIN,
of georgia,
In the House of Representatives, February 10, 1844—
On the report of the Committee of Elections.
The report and resolutions of the majority of the
Committee of Elections being under consideration,
and the question pending being the adoption of the
following resolutions, to wit:
Resolved, That the 2d section of "An act for
the apportionment of representatives among the
several States according to the sixth census," ap-
proved June 25, 1842, is not a law made ill pur-
suance of the constitution of the United States, and
valid, operative, and binding upon the States.
Resolved, That the members of the House (cxcept
the two contested cases from Virginia, upon which
no opinion is hereby expressed) have been elected
in conformity with the constitution and laws, and
are entitled to their seats in this House.
Mr- LUMPKIN rose and addressed the House
as follows:
Mr. Speaker: Occupying the position that I db
as a representative of the people of one of those
States whose constitutional right to representa-
tion has been denied by the report of the mi-
nority of the Committee of Elections, and by hon-
orable members of this B<W in the progress of
