162
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The yeas and nays being then taken, they result-
ed as follows: Yeas 129, nays 47.
So the. rules were suspended—two-thirds voting
in the affirmative.
The House then agreed to the resolution of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. THOMASSON desired permission to offer
a petition on an important subject; and he desired
that a newspaper article in relation thereto might be
read for the information of the House.
Objections were made.
Mr. THOMASSON moved a suspension of the
rules, to enable him to present the papers, the pur-
port of which was not understood.
The motion to suspend was negatived.
On motion of Mr. ELMER, certain papers were
tak n from the files of the House, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. ADAMS called for the orders of the day.
POST OFFICE INQ.UIRY.
The SPEAKER stated the next business in or-
der to be the motion to reconsider the vote by which
the House passed a resolution, offered some days
since by Mr. Patterson of New York, calling for
returns of drop and other letters, and amounts of
postage received for a specified period, &c.
Mr. HOPKINS opposed the resolution, on the
ground ttf| the information called for was supplied
m a Senate document.
After a few words from Messrs. PATTERSON
and HOPKINS, the motion to re consider was agreed
to.
Mr. PATTERSON then offered an amendment;
and at the request of Mr. HOPKINS, the subject
was laid over for consideration to-morrow.
The House then proceeded to the orders of the
day, the first subject in order being the
REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE ON RULES.
Mr. COBB rose and addressed the House. The
remarks which he had made upon this subject on
Saturday last, though they were cut off by the ex-
piration of the morning hour, explained his views
so fully that it would be unnecessary for him to de-
tain the House longer than a very few moments.
He had endeavored to show the House that the 21st
rule, which his colleague professed to instruct the
committee to report back to the House, did not in-
fringe the right of petition. He would not detain
the House by recapitulating the arguments he had
used, but he desired to present one other view of
the subject for the consideration more particularly
of the gentlemen who had heretofore acted with the
South, and given their votes for the rejection of a
certain class of petitions. He would ask gentlemen
what was to be obtained by rejecting the 21st rule,
and adopting a rule such as was suggested
by some of those gentlemen who had preceded
him in the debate? What was it that they pro-
posed? That this House should receive petitions,
and lay them upon the table without argument,
without reference to a committee, without a report,
or any consideration of the subject of such petition.
What were the difficulties which would be presented
to gentlemen upon their return to their constituents'
They would be told, it is true, you have received
our petitions, but you have not acted upon them;
.you give us the shadow of justice, but you with-
hold the substance; you will not listen to our griev-
ances; you shut your ears to our complaints. He
ask«d gentlemen what would be their reply to these
allegations? It was with reluctance that he adverted
to this view of the subject, for he was unwilling
to supply the abolitionists with an argument;
but he was compelled to do, so in order that the
House might arrive at a proper understanding of the
merits of the question. What would be the effect
of such a course of proceeding as gentlemen seemed
desirous of pursuing in relation to the reception of j
petitions? After having satisfied their consciences, 1
by receiving the petitions and laying them on the j
table, they would be asked to go one step farther, !
and hear them read. And the same course of reason-
ing would apply then: you receive our petitions j
and hear them read, and yet you refuse all action ;
upon them. Next they would be called upon to j
refer them to a committee, and, unless they went j
(still farther, the clamor would be continued; and, j
with every inch of ground yielded, additional weight
was given. The ground occupied by the advocates
of the right of petition was, that the same course
must be taken in regard to these petitions as in re-
ference to all others. The only course for the
House to pursue, then, would be either to reject them
or els« to permit them to take the same course as
all others—put -them in the regular channel of busi-
ness, and finally act upon the question embraced in
them. There was no neutral ground; there was no
half-way house which could be long occupied with
either credit or safety to the public interests. That
was the view which they of the South took of the
matter. They desired to meet the question at
the very threshold. Their doors must be closed
against them altogether; they must not be
received by the House. This argument, he
was aware, would possess no weight nor merit
with those who take the other extreme; but
he asked the gentleman from Pennsylvania—he ask-
ed those who occupied the sameground he did—those
who had heretofore voted with the South, if they were
now prepared to go to the opposite extreme? Were
they prepared, in order to relieve themselves from
the effects of the false issue which had been made
upon the right of petition, to say that these petitions
must not only be received, but that they must be re-
ferred and reported on, and finally receive the
action of the House; though, at the same time,
they might merit the condemnation'* of the
House? He would answer for the gentleman:
they were not prepared to go that length. He ap-
pealed, then, to the gentlemen, and asked them to
reconsider the ground they had taken, and to return
to their original position for the total rejection of the
petitions. One of these two things they would be
compelled to do—either to reject the petitions, or else
to take full action upon them. The debate upon
this subject had extended to the question of slavery
within the District of Columbia. This was a sub-
ject which, he thought, should not be touched upon
by the South. It was not debatable ground. But
the peculiar interests of the South required him to
say to his Northern brethren that they of the South
did not presume to overleap the commendable exam-
ple of their forefathers. In their desire to do justice
to others, they could not forget what was due to
themselves. It was with these views and these
feelings that he advocated the retention of the 21st
rule.
Mr. HUDSON said he rejoiced that the time had
at length arrived when this subject, which had ex-
cited so much feeling in the House and out of the
House, was now fairly before them for delibera-
tion and discussion; and he rejoiced that gentlemen
who had addressed the House upon the subject
had been disposed to exercisc that candor and fair-
ness which should ever characterize debate in that
House; and in the remarks which he proposed to
offer on this subject, he would endeavor to advance
nothing calculated in any degree to excite feelings
different from those which had been manifested in
the debate thus far.
He was opposed to the recommitment of the re-
port, (which he believed was the question now be-
fore the House,) with instructions, because he was
opposed to the 21st rule; and he was opposed to
that rule because he believed it practically, to all in-
tents and purposes, violates a fundamental principle
of the Constitution of the country. Gentlemen
who had addressed the House upon this subject
spoke of the right of petition as a right granted by
the Constitution; but, in his view, they were all
totally incorrect in that position. It was a light
which existed previous to the formation of the
Constitution of this Government. It was a right
incident to all free governments, and to all free in-
stitutions. It was a right not created or granted by
the Constitution, but recognised in that instrument
as a right which the people already possessed; and
it was expressly provided that the right should nev-
er be infringed.
He did not intend to go into any nice metaphysi-
cal abstractions upon the right of petition. It had
been asked what was meant by the right of peti-
tion, His answer, in brief, was this: they meant
precisely what the gentleman who asked the ques-
tion meant by it. They meant by the right oi' peti-
tion, wnh refcience to the subject of slavery within
the District, precisely what the gentlemen meant by
the right of petition in reference to any other sub-
ject. What was the common-sense view of the
House and of the country on the subject of peti-
tion' It consisted m assembling together, if ne-
cessary, and drawing up a paper setting forth
grievances; sending that paper to the, House,
and having it considered. Take the ease of
a petition praying for a pension, it is brought
in, referred to a committee, and the committee makes
the necessary examination into the nature and merits
of the claim. He agreed with the gentleman who
had just resumed his scat: the gentleman was right
when ha said the friends of the right of petition in
this case asked that the House should do precisely
what they were accustomed to do in other cases of
petitions.
Gentlemen spoke of the right of petition in connex-
ion with the freedom of debate; but if the construction
given to the right of petition be a mere presenting of
the petition, accompanied by a brief statement of its
contents, and this rule were applied to debate, would
gentlemen be satisfied with it. He thought not. Sup-
pose a gentleman should rise and say he wished
to express'his views in favor of preserving the 21st
rule: would it be considered in consonance with the
freedom of debate if he were only permitted to
state the simple fact that he was in favor of the rule?
Would gentlemen be willing to acquiesce in such
an abridgment of the freedom of debate? Nothing
could be more absurd than such a supposition. To
suppose that one branch of this Government could
do that by a rule, which the whole Government
could not do by a law, was, to his mind, perfectly-
absurd. They mightas well say thatthatHouse could.,
of itself, do other things which were prohibited to
the Government by the Constitution—such as grant-
ing titles of nobility. He went somewhat further
than some gentlemen who had spoken in opposition to
the rule. He did not believe with his friend from N.Y,,
[Mr. Beardsley,] that the right of petition, as se-
cured by law, was fulfilled by simply receiving and
laying the petition on the table. He believed there
should be a consideration of the prayer of the peti-
tion; and that that consideration should be com-
mensurate with the importance of the subject.
Mr. BEARDSLEY said he by no means intend-
ed to be understood that it was a full enjoyment of
the right of petition that the petition should simply
be received. But when a petition was presented
upon a subject respecting which they had made up
their minds, and were prepaied to refuse the prayer,
receiving the petition and laying it upon the table
was all that could be required. There were thou-
sands of cases in judicial proceedings where ques-
tions arc raised and judgment is given instanter. ,
He was glad to hear the explanation of the gentle-
man from New York. Now, it was known that
many of the petitions excluded by the 21st rule had
been of a grave and profound character; and some
of them contained able and eloquent legal argu-
ments, in which the whole subject was spread out
in detail; and he apprehended that some of the ques-
tions involved in them were of that nature that they
could not be decided without great deliberation. If,
therefore, petitions of that character were presented,
he contended that neither the House, nor any man
in it, had a right to makeup a judgment' without
deliberation. But gentlemen said that many of
these petitions were foT the abolition of slavery in
the District of Columbia, and that Congress had no
power to grant their prayers, or to legislate at all on
the subject. Now, he wished to submit a few re-
marks on that subject.
In the first place, he would observe, that the Consti-
tution gave to Congress the power of exclusive legis-
lation over the District of Columbia, and that pow-
er extended to all cases whatsoever. But gentlemen'
asked if there were no limitations to this power.
He would admit that there were limitations, which
were to be found in the Constitution itself; and one of
' those limitations was, that Congress should not im-
pair the right of petition. There were also other
limitations—such as that Congress shall make no
law on the subject of religion, nor grant titles of
nobility, &c. All these limitations in the Constitu-
tion would apply as much to this District as to any
other parts of the Union; so that the exclusive juris-
diction in regard to this District, meant that Congress
should possess all legislative power in it, and do in
it what it could do anywhere else. This w:as the
only limitation which could apply to this question.
Some gentlemen contended that there were other-
limitations contained in the deeds of cession from
Maryland and Virginia; but he denied that there
were any, and contended that if there were any lim-
itations in these deeds, Congress would not have
had the right to accept the territory, or any other,
on any terms but those prescribed in the Constitution.
But was the abolition of slavery, or of the slave-
trade, in this District, a proper subject of legislation
for Congress? He believed that it was. Congress
possessing aM the legislative power over the District,
the subject of slavery came within that power. If
they looked to the legislation of all the nations of
the earth, and indeed of all the States of this Union,
they would find that there was not one of them that
had not made slavery a subject of legislation. Many
