176
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr, Lumpkin.
H. of Reps.
this discussion, I confess that I have felt some so-
licitude to be heard, not in my own behalf, but in
behalf of the constitutional rights and privileges of
that people whom it is my pride and pleasure to
represent on this floor. This duty has become the
more imperious, inasmuch as one of my honorable
colleagues, [Mr. Stephens,] who addressed the
House on yesterday, elected by the same people,
and claiming for himself the honor of correctly repre-
senting their views and wishes, has even distin-
guished himself in opposition to his own right, and
that of his colleagues, to seats as members of this
House. If the course of my honorable colleague
affected himself only, (as extraordinary as 1 esteem
it to be,) I should have permitted his remarks to
pass unheeded, and without the slightest allusion
from me on this occasion. But, sir, when this
great and inestimable right of the people of four of
the States of this confederacy to representation is
assailed and denied—when my own constituents are
among those who are to be deprived of their consti-
tutional rights, a proper regard for the interest of
the people of Georgia, and for my peculiar position
as one of their representatives here, compels me to
examine with freedom my honorable colleague's
most extraordinary position. He has made an in-
genious argument to prove that the 2d section of
the apportionment act, approved 25th June, 1842,
altered the laws of the States so far as it respects the
general-ticket system, and imposed an obliga-
tion on the States to substitute the district system
in its stead. That this not being done by the legis-
lature of Georgia, previous to his election and the
election of his colleagues, these elections were illegal
and void; and thus the State of Georgia is deprived
of all legal rights to be heard through her represent-
atives on this floor. But strange as it must appear
to every candid and reflecting mind, in' the face of
these declarations thus now made—and I also admit
that the same were made before his nomination in
full party convention, and published as the political
creed of the whig party in Georgia—he is found
occupying a seat 111 this House, and claiming the
right to speak and to be heard, not only on this subject
now under discussion, in which the rights of his own
constituents are directly involved, but upon all ques-
tions arising in the progress of legislation in this
House. Sir, his position reminds me of a suitor,
who brings his action for a redress of a grievance,
but who declares at the outset, and at every step of
his progress to final unsuccessful consummation,
that he has no just, legal, or equitable right to claim
a recovery at the hands of a court and jury of his
country. Consistency under such circumstances, it
seems to me, should have induced my honorable
colleague [Mr. Stephens] to have at least awaited
the action of this House on this question, before he
took upon himself the exercise of privileges he had
declared in advance of his election to be "illegal and
void." But again: the position of my honorable
colleague induces naturally this inquiry Have the
people of Georgia, in the language of the honorable
member from Tennessee, [Mr. M. Brown,] yield-
ed their assent to the second section of the appor-
tionment act, approved 25th June, 1842? If they
have, I have no right within this hall. The only
inducement that 1 have to remain where I am, and
contend for their just and equal right to representa-
tion, independent of my own convictions of duly, is
the assurance that these efforts, however humble, are
meeting the approval of a large majority of my own
constituency. Should I be mistaken in this opin-
ion, and satisfactory evidence be adduced to con-
vince me of this fact, then, sir, 1 would no longer
be found contending at the bar of this House for
their right to be heard through their present repre-
sentatives; but yield into their hands, with no sacrifice
of feeling, all the] rights and privileges of a member
of this House, however high or exalted they may be
esteemed, without making a single effort to retain
my position. If the honorable gentleman [Mr. M.
Brown] means that Georgia has yielded her assent
to, and adopted the congtessional district system,
and abolished the system of election by genenvl
ticket, this I frankly and fully concede; and I avail
myselt of this occasion to make known to this House
and to the country, that no man in Georgia or else-
wheie, has been more zealously and openly the
advocate of the congressional district system of
representation than myself. Once only, sir, had I
the honor of a seat as a member of the House of
Representatives m the general assembly of the State of
Georgia; and during that session, I at least manifest-
ed my attachment to that system by recording my
vvte m favor of its adoption, And these opinions
have been freely expressed among my own con-
stituents; and I take pleasure in bearing testimony
to the fact that a large majority of both political par-
ties, (with whose views I am more familiar from im-,
mediate association,) in my own scction of the State,
are in favor of this system. But, sir, I could not
restrain my exultation when I heard the honorable
gentlemen from Tennessee, [Mr. M. Brown,] and
others with similar political associations, proclaim-
ing this" mode of election to be based upon true
democratic republican principles. My mind natu-
rally recurred to the history of parties in my own
State; and at an early period of that history may
be found standing out in bold relief on our statute
book, as the action of that party with whom it has
been my pride, and boast to act 011 all political ques-
tions, an act passed by the legislature of the State,
laying off the State into congressional districts.
But this same measure—now endorsed by honorable
gentlemen on this floor as the more democratic, and
more strictly republican-—at the very next session of
the legislature of that State, or at least before the
next election for members of Congress by districts,
was repealed by that party, a majority of whom in
my State are now found in the ranks of those who
seek to elevate Mr. Clay to the, presidency. But,
sir, the history of our legislative proceedings will
bear additional testimony to the fact that this same
party in Georgia, (under a different name, it is true)
have signalized their devotion to this system of
congressional representation by districts, by repeated
unsuccessful efforts to establish it in lieu of the gen-
eral-ticket system, in almost each successive year
of our history; and it has been as often defeated by
the uniform and decided opposition of a majority of
my present political opponents; and never, until the
passage of the apportionment act by Congress, did
this party in Georgia evidence, by a single overt act,
the least partiality or attachment for this district
system. The democratic party of Georgia, (always
attached to this system by the aid of those, that had
just began to appreciate its benefits and advantages,)
at the session of the legislature in 1842, passed an
act abolishing the general-ticket system, and provi-
ding for the election of members to Congress by dis-
tricts after the passage of that act. This, however,
did not effect the right of a majority of my col-
leagues 011 this floor, for they had been previously
elected as members of the 28th Congress;. but, sir,
this law failed to receive the sanction of the execu-
tive of Georgia, from the consideration avowed by
him in his message to the legislature, that it might
be construed into an acquiescence on the part of the
jitate of Georgia to the unauthorized mandate of the
federal government, requiring the States to make their
laws conform to congressional dictation. But, sir, I
have said enough to satisfy this House, and the coun-
try, that a majority of the party with whom I have
had the honor and pleasure to act, are now, and
have always been, in favor of a fair, equitable, and
just system of elections by congressional districts;
and from the great addition that has been recently
made to our strength, (I mean that of making, con-
gressional elections by districts,) by the sudden
change of a large majority of the whig party in 1842,
it may now be said with truth that Georgia has not
only given her assent to this system of election, but
1 honestly believe that she is more decidedly and
unitedly in favor of this measure, than for any other
of a political character; and few States of this Union
can boast of the same unanimity among their people
on the same subject. But, sir, the question still
again recurs, whether the people of Georgia have as-
sented to this principle, as asserted in the second
section of the apportionment act. Am I referred to
the act of the legislature of Georgia, passed during
the session of 1843, which not only provides for
election by districts hereafter, but also provides for
supplying any vacancy that may occur under a cer-
tain contingency, by electing members to this Con-
gress by separate districts? I11 answer to this, I
could also adduce the action of the legislature of
1842, which, while it provided for election by districts,
most solemnly declared its hostility to this action
of the Congress—not for exercising the conceded
power to lay off the State into congressional districts,
but for attempting to direct the legislation of the
States in a particular manner, wholly unauthorized
by the constitution of the United States. But need
I refer you, also, sir, to the fact that a large majority
of the States of this Union elect their members by
separate districts, and have not only proclaimed,
through their members on this floor, that the second
section of this act is nugatory, invalid, inoperative,
and, therefore, void; but many of the State legisla-
tures have even gone so far as to declare the same
thing, while they have continued to manifest their
attachment to their favorite district system, by en-
acting laws providing for their representation under
the late apportionment law of Congress. But, sir, it
may be said that my honorable colleague [Mr. Ste-
phens] has been more recently elected; and, as his
views now expressed were the same that were pro-
claimed at the same time and by the same conven-
tion that put him forward before the people for elec-
tion, that this is confirmation, as strong as holy writ
itself, that the people of Georgia had sanctioned this
action of Congress, as in strict accordance with the
forms of the federal constitution. This, sir, is
prima facie evidence only; and my honorable col-
league cannot, and, I dare say, will not,contend that
his election amounted to an expression of opinion
by the people of Georgia that Congress could exer-
cise any control over our State legislation, on this or
any other subject. If the question should be mooted
here further, I have only to refer this House to the
able and lucid arguments of my honorable colleague,
[Mr. Chappell,] who lias this day preceded me
m this debate, and sustained, with his acknowledged
and distinguished ability, the rights of himself and
his colleagues to seats in this House, and the consti-
tional right of the people of Georgia to representa-
tion within these walls, under her late elections. If
my honorable colleague [Mr. Stephens] is fresh
from the people, and is supposed, therefore, more
fully to represent their views and wishes on this
subject than myself, I point with pride and satis-
faction to my honorable colleague on my left, [Mr.
Chappell,] who was elected at the same time, by
the same people, and his opinions now expressed
were equally well known to that body from whom he
received his nomination—both belonging to the same
political party. This much I have thought it neces-
sary to say, Mr. Speaker, in relation to the posi-
tion of parties 111 Georgia, with the hope that it will
satisfactorily account for the division that has placed
myself and my honorable colleague 011 opposite
sides of this question, and that my own position
might be properly known to this House and to
the whole country. But a single remark more, sir,
and 1 will enter directly on the discussion of the
grave constitutional question at issue, in which the
right of Mississippi, Georgia, Missouri, and New
Hampshire, four the States of this Union, to repie-
sentation, is immediately and directly involved.
And it is this: we.have been characterized by honor-
able members of this House, in solemn and formal
protest, which tJhey sought to enter upon your jour-
nals, as violators of public law, as disorganizes,
seeking to overturn the government itself. And ill
the course of this discussion, some of these same
honorable gentleman have declared it to be an
act of nullification on the part of the people
of four States of this Union, whose election laws
have not been made to conform to the legislation of
Congress, by their several State legislatures. I am
not of that school of politicians, who, ten years ago,
had their existence as a separate and distinct polit-
ical party, and were denominated nullifiers; and
consequently cannot speak for them on this occa-
sion: they can, and no doubt will, defend their own
position, if necessary; but I desire, sir, to enter my
own solemn disclaimer to the charge of insubordina-
tion to the constitutional government of this coun-
try—the constitutional laws made in pursuance
thereof. My honorable colleague [Mr. Stephens]
while he admits the obligatory character of the law
of Congress under discussion, and urges the duty of
compliance on the part of the State legislatures,
also admits that this House is not only the proper,
but the sole judicial tribunal, whose duty it is to de-
termine the question of the validity or nullity of the
late law. The same position has been conceded
by every member who has addressed the House,
without a solitary exception. The members from
these four States have presented themselves and the
rights of their constituents at the bar of this
House, affirming that the second section of the ap-
portionment act is invalid, inoperative, null, and
void; and that the only law of force and 111 opera-
tion is the law of their several States. These
grave and important issues, involving the great and
inestimable constitutional right of the people to be
represented in this government, are now under your
consideration by the only conceded constitutional
tribunal that is*to determine the whole question; and
yet, in the face'of all this, we are called disorgan-
izes, violators of public law, and manifesting in-
subordination to regular government, our constitu-
tion, and the laws made in pursuance thereof.
