CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
163
of the States had, by their legislative action, abol-
ished .slavery within their limits, and all the rest had
legislated on it in some way or other, thus acknowl-
edging it to J>e a fit subject for the legislation of
Congress. Why, in the State of Virginia, it was
but a few years ago, that an amendment was pro-.
proposed by its Legislature to the Constitution of
the United States, by which Congress was to be
prohibited from abolishing slavery in the District of
Columbia, without the express consent of the States
of Virginia and Maryland, and such regulations as
they might prescribe. Here was an admission that
Congress possessed this power; for if it did not,
where was the necessity of making an amendment
to the Constitution, prohibiting the exercise of it?
It was also an admission that slavery was proper-
ly a subject of legislation by Congress. He be-
lieved that Mississippi, Alabama, and some other of
the States, had provisions in their constitutions pro-
hibiting their Legislatures from abolishing slavery,
thereby admitting that slavery was a proper subject
of legislation. This position had not oeen, until
very lately, denied. He found, upon looking back at
the public documents, that gentlemen of the most dis-
tinguished standing in all parts of the Union had ad-
mitted it; and in the debates oil the adoption of the
Constitution, it was conceded by all that that in-
strument gave Congress the power to abolish slavery
11 the District of Columbia. In fact, objections were
made to the Constitution on the ground that it gave
that power; but it was argued, on the. other hand, and
by Mr. Madison particularly, that it was a necessa-
ry power, and ought to be granted. In the Federal-
ist, also, Mr. Madison maintained that Congress not
only had the power, but that it ought to have it. As
he did not wish to be misunderstood, he would take
occasion to say that, while he contended for the un-
limited power of Congress over the subject in this
District, he admitted that it could not be exercised in
the States.
Mr. BELSER here asked leave to make an ex-
planation. He understood the gentleman to say
that the constitution of Alabama prohibited the Le-
gislature from passing a law for the abolishment of
slavery; and he begged leave to inform him that
there was no such provision in the constitution of
that State.
Mr. HUDSON said that he was happy to hear
it. He had been informed that the constitutions of
several of the States contained such a provision;
and he had been under the impiession that Alabama
was among them. He might quote the names of
the most distinguished statesmen of the country,
who recognised the possession of this power by
Congress; and he would add that the ordinance of
1787, in excluding slavery from the Northwestern
Terntory, expressly admitted it.
Mr. H. then went on to contend that it was not
necessary for Congress to wait for petitions from
citizens of the District before legislating on the sub-
ject; and that, if there was a nuisance existing in it
which, in the opinion of Congress ought, to be aba-
ted, it was their duty to act at once, without con-
sulting the wishes of the inhabitants. He instanced
several cases in which Congress had legislated in
regard to the District of Columbia, without waiting
for any expression of the opinions or wishes of the
people, and, among the rest, referred to the law for
suppressing the sale of lottery tickets.
Leadiiig statesmen of the Commonwealth of Vir-
ginia—Patrick Henry among the number—were
opposed to the terms of the cession, because it gave
that power to Congress; and others approved it for
that very reason. The statement, therefore, came
an ill grace from gentlemen, that Maryland and with
Vngima would not have made this cession if they
could have supposed that Congress thereby would
possess the power to abolish slavery in this District.
What did it all amount ur Why, if he sold afarm,
the purchaser could convert it to such purpose as
he pltosed; and so Congress, by the terms of the
cession, had exclusive jurisdiction over the District
of Columbia. There was no limitation, nor any
reservation of concurrent jurisdiction.
The morning hour expned, and the gentleman
was cut short m his remarks.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House various
executive communications, as follows:
A communication from the President of the United
States, m reply to a resolution of the House of the
10th mst., calling for correspondence in relation to
the title, boundary, and settlement of the Oregon
Territory, in which the President said that all such
correspondence had from time to time been, laid be-
fore Congress, except. some recent correspondence
with our minister near the court of St. James, which
it was not deemed expedient to lay before Congress
on the eve of the arrival of a minister from England
with whom negotiations would be opened at an
early period.
A communication from the Treasury Department,
with copies of statements rendered to that depart-
ment by the banks of the District of Columbia,
showing the state of their affairs.
A communication from the War Department, in
compliance with an existing law, giving a statement
of the 2d Auditor, of the expenditures for the year
1843, for the Military Academy.
A communication from the War Department, in
answer to a resolution of the House of Representa-
tives of the 10th instant, transmitting a copy of the
report of Captain Hughes; accompanied by a survey
of the river Hudson.
Mr. BARNARD moved the printing of 3,000 ex-
tra copies. The motion was objected to, and it was
reserved for future consideration.
A communication from the War Department, in
reply to a resolution of the House of the 27th ultimo,
requiring the Secretary of War to furnish to the
House the names of persons entitled to bounty
lands who had not obtained their warrants, and the
names of those who had obtained their warrants, but
had neglected to take out their patents.
A communication from the Navy Department,
transmitting the annual report of the Commissioner
of Pensions.
A communication from the Clerk of the House of
Representatives, in reply to two resolutions of the
House of Representatives of the 3d and 10th instant,
in relation to the printing of the 27th Congress, and
of the sixth census.
A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, in
compliance with a resolution of the House of the
10th instant, transmitting a statement of the amount
of expenditures which has been settled, on the certifi-
cate of the President only, since the 4th of March,
1829.
A letter from the Secretary of War, transmitting,
in compliance with the 5th section of. an act of
March 3d, 1809, a statement exhibiting the expen-
ditures made during the year 1843 for the contin-
gent expenses of the military establishment.
A letter from the Secretary of the Navy, in com-
pliance with the resolution of 29th May, 1830, trans-
mitting statements of appropriations for pensions
which have been made and rejected during the last
year.
All these communications were ordered to be laid
on the table, and to be printed.
RESOLUTIONS.
Oil motion of Mr. SIMONS,
Resolved, That the committee appointed to inquire
into the engraving and lithographing for the 26th
and 27th Congress be authorized to send for persons,
and to sit during the sittings of this House.
On motion of Mr. CAVE JOHNSON,
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to this House a state-
ment of all cases in which agents or persons have
been employed since the 4th of March, 1837, with-
out express authority of law, in cases in which the
compensation was not fixed by law; showing the
names of all such persons, the date of their appoint-
ment or employment, the services performed, the
amount paid, and out of what fund the same was
paid.
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be lequested to cause to be communicated to the
House of Representatives a statement of all the
cases in which claims have been allowed since the
4th of March, 1837, which had been rejected oi dis-
allowed under any previous Administration, with
the amounts so allowed.
On motion of Mr. HUGHES,
Resohcd, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to inform this House the quantity of
land located by the State of Missouri, under "An
act entitled 'an act to appropriate the proceeds of
the sales of public lands, and to grant preemption
rights,' " approved September 4, 1841; and, also,
whether the register at Plattsburg, Missouri, refused
to recognise locations of lands made by the commis-
sioners, on the part of the State, previous to the
sales on the 13th of October and November last;
and whether this refusal was based upon instruc-
tions from the Genera} Land Office; and, also,
whether the commissioner ^foresaid located: toy
lands after the sales aforesaid, th6 quantity, &c.;
and, also, whether such locations havebeen recog-
nised as valid by the department; and, also ^com-
municate to this House all the correspondence..rela-
tive to this subject, betweerf the Commissioner of
the General Land Office and the register at Platts-
burg.
On motion of Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL,
Resolved, That the Secretary of War. be requesfed
to communicate to this House the report of Major
Bache, of the corps of topographical engineers, on
the Delaware breakwater.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. GILMER asked permission to report a bill
to provide for the public printing, and to separate it
from the political press; but leave was not granted.
STEAMBOAT NAVIGATION.
Mr. TIBBATTS, agreeably to notice heretofore
given, on leave, introduced a bill to amend on act
entitled "An act to provide for better security of the
lives of passengers on board of vessels propelled in
whole or in part by steam," approved July 9, 1838;
which was twice read, and, on his motion, referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
WESTERN "WATERS.
On motion of Mr. WELLER, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Wintheop in the chair;)
and resumed the consideration of the resolution di-
recting the reference of so much of the President's
message as relates to the Western waters.
Mr. A. STEWART was entitled to the floor;
and he commenced his remarks by some allusion
to observations made, at an earlier period of this
debate, by the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Jame-
son,] in relation to the Whig party. He was un-
derstood to say that the gentleman from Missouri
had spoken of the Whig party with great severity—
that he had characterized it as "the Coon party,"
and as a party without any principles for the public
eye—and as, indeed, the fag-end of all parties.
Mr. JAMESON explained. He had said that
the convention of 1840, which nominated candidates
for the presidency and vice presidency, refused to
set forth their principles, for the purpose of uniting
all the odds and ends of factions and parties.
Mr. STEWART resumed; and, after a few other
observations on that subject, he turned his attention
to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Weller] with
whom he said he had an account to settle. The
speech which he attempted to make the other day,
was made with many interruptions; and was not,
consequently, the speech which he had intended to
make; it was mainly, necessarily, extemporaneous;
but he found, notwithstanding, that the gentleman
from Ohio had dcscribcd it as a stump speech. There
wfcre some facts stated in the course of the speech,
which might be "stump facts," and they appeared to
have produced their effect; for all at once the sym-
pathies of the gentleman from Ohio were excited
for boats that were snagged, though possibly it
might be that his own political boat was snagged,
ana that this circumstance had excited his sympa-
thies. The gentleman from Ohio, however, went
on to say that he would prove that all his (Mr.
Stewart's) statements in relation to Mr. Van Bu-
ren were false; and that if he failed to make this out,
be would submit to be branded in the forehead; but.
that if he succeeded, he hoped the House would
brand him (Mr. Stewart) with falsehood.
Mr. WELLER explained. He said he wished
to correct the gentleman from Pennsylvania, and to
put the House in possession of the facts as he un-
derstood them. The object of the speech of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, which was now in
question, was designed to show that Mr. Van Buren
was opposed to all those Western improvements
that the gentleman from Pennsylvania, and other
gentlemen who lived in the same section of country,
advocated; and to sustain that allegation, the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania made the statement, that
Mr. Van Buren directed his Secretary of War not
to send in estimates for the Cumberland road, for if
did, and Congress made the appropriation, he. (Mr.
Van Buien) should be compelled to veto the bill.
The House would bear witness that the whole ob-
ject of the gentleman was to represent that Mr. Van
Buren was opposed to Western improvements; and
to sustain that object, the statement was made which
he (Mr. Weller) had just quoted. Well, when
tl^at statement was made, he (Mr. W.) rose in his
