164
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
place and characterized it and denounced it as un-
true—as not sustained by facts; and he said he was
prepared to meet the gentlfeman on that issue—
•whether Mr. Van Buren was or was not opposed
to internal improvements? He was ready to con-
tend that Mr, van Buren stood on the doctrine laid
down by Mr ^Madison, and the doctrine of General
Jackson, as laid down in the Maysville road bill.
.Mr. STEWART resumed; the gentleman from
Ohio seemed disposed to narrow down the charges
a good deal. He defied the gentleman to show
that a single statement he had made was untrue,
although he had characterized the whqje of them as
untrue.
Mr. S. produced various documents to prove that
the allegations which he had made in the debate of
yesterday were supported by unquestionable testi-
mony, and challenged the gentleman from Ohio to
bring forward proofs to substantiate his assertion
of the incorrectness of his statements.
Mr. S. argued with much zeal in favor of the
frotective system; and contended that, if it had not
een arested by the compromise act, it would have
produced an immense surplus revenue to be ex-
pended on internal improvements, and, in this way,
would have prevented the States from contracting
the heavy debts which now pressed them down;
and added that it was the distribution of the pub-
lic revenue in Mr. Van Buren's administration that
led them into the extravagance of expenditure
which liad caused this vast amount of debt.
Mr. DUNCAN asked the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania if he understood him correctly in saying
that the distribution system was the policy of Mr.
Van Buren's administration. As he contemplated
replying to the gentleman, he wanted to understand
him correctly.
Mr. STEWART replied that he did say so; and
he was prepared to maintain it. He said that the
Whig system was to take this surplus revenue and
disburse it in internal improvements; but their op-
ponents distributed it among the States, to be ex-
pended by them.
Mr. S. continued his argument to show that the
best policy for the country, and one the most calcu-
lated to promote its prosperity, was to have a high
protective tariff to produce a surplus revenue; and
then to expend that surplus in works of internal
internal improvement in the Suites. After an argu-
ment to show the constitutionality of appropriations
for internal improvements by the General Govern-
ment, he reviewed the veto, by General Jackson, of
the Maysville road bill, strongly censuring the poli-
cy of that measure; and then concluded his remarks
by commenting on the opinions of Mr. Van Buren,
and the policy of his administration.
Mr. WELLER then moved that the committee
rise; and observed that he had not had an opportu-
nity of hearing all the remarks of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stewart,] but that it was
his purpose to reply to what he had heard of them,
and, in doing so, he would obey that injunction of
Holy Writ which teaches us to "answer a fool ac-
cording to his folly, lest ho become wise m his
own conceit."
The committee then rose and reported progress.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON submitted a resolution in
the usual form, to take the subject out of committee
to-morrow at 4 o'clock.
Mr. HUDSON moved that the House adjourn:
negatived—ayes 62, noes 71.
Mr. CAVE - JOHNSON said that he would, at
the request of several gentlemen, modify the resolu-
tion he had just submitted, so as to take the subject
out of committee on Saturday next, at 2 o'clock.
This resolution being adopted,
On motion of Mr. BROWN of Indiana,
The House adjourned.
The following petitions presented to-day were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By Mr. LYON: The petition of 350 citizens,
principally of Berrien county, Michigan, praying
for an appropriation to construct a harbor at Ncsv
Buffalo, in said county: referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
By Mr. JOHN W. DAVIS: The petition of
Philip Hedge and 24 other citizens, asking a dona-
tion of lands in the Vincennes district, to assist In-
diana in completing the Wabash and Erie canal to
the Ohio river.
By Mr. MURPHY: The petition of Sarah P.
Mather, praying Congress to adopt her sub-marine
releecppe for use in public vessels. Petition of
Eliza M. Fortin, widow, for a naval pension: re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
By Mr. DAVID L. SEYMOUR: The petition of
Jemima Finch, widow of Jonathan Finch, for a
pension: referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
pensions.
By Mr. PURDY: The petition of 202 inhabitants
of Tioga county, New York, and the vicinity, that
Congress will reduce the per diem pay of members
to five dollars, the travel to ten cents a mile, and the
duration of the sessions to 90 days: referred to the
Select Committee on Retrenchment.
By Mr. WILLIAM WRIGHT: A petition from
the citizens of Newark, New Jersey, praying Con-
gress for an appropriation to improve the navigation
of the Passaic river: referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
By Mr. BURKE: The petition of Pearson Cogs-
well, praying the balance of a judgment, render-
ed in his favor by the circuit court of the United
• States for the district of New Hampshire.
By C. J. INGERSOLL: Memorial of citizens of
Pennsylvania, interested in the coal-trade, against
canal boats being obliged to use coasting licences.
By Mr. FICKLIN: The proceedings of a public
meeting of the citizens of Richland county, holden
at Olncy on the 5th of January, 1844, for the pur-
pose of obtaining a grant of land lying in the Wa-
bash valley, for the improvement of "the Wabash
river from Terr® Haute (the terminus of the Wa-
bash and Erie canal) to the Ohio river: referred to
the Committee on Roads and'Canals.
By Mr. CHAS. M. READ: The petition of citizens
of Erie county, Pennsylvania, praying an appropri-
ation to continue the public work on the harbor at
Erie, on Lake Erie.
Also, the petition of citizens of Cattaraugus coun-
ty, praying the erection of a light-house or beacon-
light at Cattaraugus creek, State of New York.
By Mr. MACLAY: Petition of 263 citizens of the
city of New York, for a reduction of postage, and
the abolition of the franking privilege.
IN SENATE.
Feidat, January 19, 1844.
The PRESIDENT pro Uin. laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, transmitting a report from the Second Audi-
tor of the Treasury, concerning the lighthouse es-
tablishment; which, on motion of Mr. WOOD-
BURY, was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Also, a communication from the War Depart-
ment, transmitting from the Second Auditor a re-
port exhibiting the expenditures made during the
year 1843 for the contingent expenses of the milita-
ry establishment.
Also, a report from the War Department, trans-
mitting, in compliance with a lesolutiou of the Sen-
ate of the 11th, information of what lias been done
towards the settlement of the title to the Pea Patch
island, under the joint resolution of March 3d, 1839,
and transmitting a report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, a report of the corps of Engineers, and
the opinion of the late Attorney General (Mr. Le-
gare) upon the subject of said title.
On motion of Mr. BENTON, a motion to print
the report was submitted to the Committee on
Printing.
Also, a communication from the Navy Depart-
ment, transmitting a report from the Commissioner
of Pensions, m compliance with a joint resolution of
1830, showing the rejected applications for navy
pensions.
Mr. BARROW presented a petition from James
Ritchie, M. D., late a surgeon m the marine hospit-
al, praying the passage of an act allowing a certain
sum of money due him for disbursements as hos-
pital surgeon: referred to the Committtee on Claims.
Mr. JARNAGIN remarked that a bill had been
referred a few days ago to the Judiciary Committee,
to increase the salary of the district judge of the Uni-
ted States, for the district of East and Middle Ten-
nessee, and the Western district of Tennessee in the
Sthjudicinl circuit. .Since then, he had received a
communication from Judge Catron on the subject
of this bill; which he moved to refer to the Judiciary
Committee: agreed to.
Mr. HUGKR presented a petition from William
Clark and others, engaged in the trade and business
of manufacturing iron and iron-ware in South Car-
olina, praying that the law of 1832, exempting rail-
road h on from duty, maybe restored: referred^)
the Committee on Finance,
Mr. WRIGHT presented a memorial from the
Long Island Railroad Company, asking for a re-
mission of duty on iron imported for the use of that
road. Mr. W. said the subject of Ijjis petition in-
volved a question of considerable importance. This
petition was drawn up very full, stating the grounds
and reasons on which the application is made. He
desired • that, the committee and the Senate would
pass judgment upon those opinions. He therefore
moved that the memorial be referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance, and be printed: agreed to.
Also presented resolutions adopted by the Legis-
lature of New York, instructing the Senators and
requesting the Representatives from that State to
restore the fine imposed on General Jackson by
Judge Hall at New Orleans; which were ordered to
ie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. STURGEON presented a petition from
Martha A. Lawrence, Wm. B. Conover, and Read-
ing B. Conover, praying for certain back pay due
their father for revolutionary services: referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion by Mr. STURGEON, leave was grant-
ed to withdraw from the files the petition of Joseph
Potter of Pennsylvania, presented to the Senate in"
1820.
Mr FAIRFIELD presented apetitionfromB. M.
Major and others, citizens of Kennebunk Port,
Maine, praying indemnity for French spoliations: re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HANNEGAN presented a petition from
126 citizens of Indiana, praying a reduction of the
rates of postage and the abolition of the franking
privilege: and another for the reduction of the rates
of postage: referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. JARNAGIN presented a petition from Wil-
liam Henson, an agent for enrolling the emigrating
Indians, and for subsisting them, praying the pas-
sage of a law allowing him some compensation for
his services, which could not be allowed at the de-
partment for the want of the roll, which was taken
from him by an officer of the United States: referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. DAYTON, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Mark Symp-
son; which was read, and ordered to a second read-
ing.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, leave was granted
to withdraw from the files the paper relating to the
claim of Wm. Blake.
On motion by Mr. DAYTON, leave was granted
to withdraw from the files the papers of the mem-
bers of the bar in New J ersey, concerning a remo-
val of the term of the United States district
court from New Brunswick to Burlington.
The adverse report of the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, in the case of Daniel Trueheart,
came up for consideration; but was, on the sugges-
tion of Mr. ARCHER, again laid on the table.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the memorial of the
Georgia Railroad Compaay for a remission of du-
ties on railroad iron, which has been referred to
the Committee on Finance, was ordered to be print-
ed.
The adverse report of the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, in the case of Charles Morgan,
was taken up and concurred in.
The adverse report of the same committee, in the
case of Elizabeth Lomax, was, on motion of Mr.
ARCHER, ordered to lie on the table.
The adverse report of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, in the case of E. D. & S.
Ward, was, on motion of Mr. WOODBRIDGE,
ordered to he on the table.
The bill entitled "An act granting a certain quantity
of land, to aid in the improvement of the Fox and
and Wisconsin rivers, in the Territory of Wiscon-
sin, and to connect the same by a canal," came up
as m commiitee of the whole, as the unfinished busi-
ness of the morning hour.
Mr. TALLMADGE, at the suggestion of the hon-
orable gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Hay-
wood,] would, to obviate his objections, propose
that the hill under consideration be further amended
by striking out, in the third line of the first section,
the word "grant," and inserting the word "appropri-
ate" in lieu thereof. He would further propose that
a similar amendment be also made in the sixteenth
line, by striking out the word "granted," and substi-
tuting therefor the word "appropriated;" and m like
manner in the second line of the second scction, that
the word "appropriated" be substituted for the word
"granted." These several amendments having been
agreed to, he proposed further, that in the eighth.
