CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
line of the first section, be • added, after the words
"and the lakes through which they pass," the words
"except Winnebago." He offered this amendment
from the fact.of Winnebago being the only lake
worth noticing in point of extent, the others being
mere expansions of the river. He wished, also, to
add an amendment to the amendment of the honor-
able Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Walker,] who
was not in his seat, but with whom he had consult-
ed. Where that gentleman's amendment says that
the "canal be kept in repair," he proposed to add, after
"canal," the words "and improvements," as there
would be improvements which it would be as neces-
sary to keep in repair as the canal itself. There
was also a further alteration required in the close of
that amendment. Where that amendment says "no
greater toll shall be collected than will be found ne-
cessary to keep said canal in repair," he would pro-
pose to strike out the words "said canal," and in-
sert the word "same."
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and the
amendments of the committee of the whole were
concurred in; and the question being on ordering
the bill to be engrossed for a third reading—
Mr. ALLEN suggested to the Senator from
New York to allow the bill to pass by informally.
Mr. TALLMADGE preferred that the Senator
from Ohio would permit the bill to be ordered for
engrossment first, and he would consent to let it
pass by informally.
Mr. ALLEN preferred not, because he wanted
to look into it before it was engrossed; and the Sen-
ator from Mississippi, who took a great interest in
the bill, was not in his seat. An inquiry was start-
ed as to the quantity of land, in acres, which was
proposed to be granted by the bill. That inquiry
was not yet answered. And there were other mat-
ters in the bill, which it was proper that Senators
should have further time to look into. He asked,
therefore, that the bill might be passed by infor-
mally to afford that opportunity.
" The bill was postponed till to-morrow.
Mr. BAYAXID presented a petition from N.
Ivey, asking Congress to extend a contract for the
delivery of live-oak timber at Gosport, Virginia;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
On motion by Mr. BAYARD, it was ordered
that the petition of the heirs of Robert Fulton be
taken from the files of the Senate, and referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
THE COMPROMISE ACT.
Mr. EVANS moved that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of the unfinished business of yes-
terday, being the resolution reported from the Com-
mittee on Finance, for the indefinite postponement
of the bill introduced by the Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. McDuffie,] to reduce gradually the
rates of duties under the present tariff to the stand-
ard of the compromise act; that is, an ad valorem du-
ty of twenty per cent. The motion was agreed to.
iMr. McDXJPFIE rose and addressed the Senate
for nearly three hours, in a strain of eloquence and
force of argument which it is impossible to do jus-
tice to in any synopsis that can be given this even-
ing. His remarks will be written out at large for
publication without delay; meantime, the following
is given as a brief outline of the subjects touched
upon. He commenced by saying that, if one of the
illustrious patriots who framed the Constitution un-
der which the Senate was now deliberating, had
presented himself, when the debate of yesterday was
progressing, he would have been struck with utter
astonishment to find the constitutional pro-
vision, however inadequate to its purpose,
which was designed to protect the people of
the United States from unjust and oppressive
taxation, brought up as a bar against saving an in-
dignant people from the most monstrous, unequal,
and unjust system of legislation that ever stained the
annals of this country's legislative history. In their
great anxiety to save the people of the United States
from unnecessary and excessive burdens, those illus-
trious patriots, who were brought up in the school
of the Revolution, regarding taxation as the greatest
of all political evils, very naturally interposed every
possible obstacle which might secure their posterity
from the evils under wluch they had themselves
suffered. For this purpose they provided that no
bill for raising revenue should originate in the Sen-
ate, and that all such bills should originate in the
House of Representatives, which more immediately
represented the people and their interests.
Now, he presumed the Senate of the United States
did not at this day suppose that the illustrious fra-
mers of the Constitution meant to deal in mere idle
words—that they meant to insert in the Constitution
of the United States a clause which had no practical
meaning. He asked, then, what was the rational
meaning of that clause? What meaning could be
given to that clause in the Constitution inhibiting
the Senate from originating bills that raise revenue,
but that it was its design to prevent that body from
raising revenue by an imposition of taxes. It was
not that they wished to prevent them from putting
money in the treasury; but to prevent them from ta-
king money out of the pockets of the people. That was
what the framers of the Constitution intended to guard
against. To raise revenue was one thing; but to
prevent it from being raised unconstitutionally from
the people was another; and who would be hardy
enough to dispute the right of the Senate to inter-
fere with that object by originating this bill?
Mr. McD. then proceeded to comment on the ar-
guments of the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr.
Huntington,] in reply to the Senator from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Woodbury,] and deduced from
them an admission on the part of the Senator,
[Mr. Huntington,] that postage was a tax, though
denied to be for revenue. Now, however proper
it might be to originate a bill affecting revenue so as
to lessen the burden on the people, here was an ad-
mission, going much further against the clause in
the Constitution—in effect, that the Senate could
originate a bill imposing a tax.
Now was the bill which he (Mr. McD.) had the
honor of introducing, a bill, in any form or sense,
to impose a tax? Certainly not; on the con-
trary, it was to repeal excessive taxation, and re-
lieve the people of an oppressive burden.
He next proceeded to refute the arguments of the
Senators from Connecticut and Maine, [Messrs.
Huntington and Evans,] that repealing 20 per
cent, out of 40, was a levying of the remaining 20
per cent, for revenue. He pointed out the absurdi-
ty of confounding the term "repealing a duty," with
the term "imposing a duty." If reminded him of a
gambler at a horse race, who had bet $20, and when
he lost, insisted that he had lost $40 instead of $20;
for he argued that he lost his own §20, and also the
$20 he might have gained had he won—both making
$40.
With regard to the question asked by the Senator
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Buchanan,] yesterday, as
to an amendment being offered to increase a rate of
duty upon any article, bringing the bill within the
inhibition of the Constitution, he replied that such
an amendment, if adopted, would certainly have that
effect; but the Senate would not entertain such an
amendment, because it would see that the Constitu-
tion inhibited it. The bill should be entertained by
the Senate in relation to its object of reducing taxa-
tion, not of increasing it.
Mr. McD., having disposed of the constitutional
branch of the subject, proceeded to the merits of
the bill itself, and, at considerable length, reviewed
the history of the compromise act and the protcctivc-
tariff system. He pointed out the abuse of the
term "discrimination," and showed that was a blind-
fold used to veil the iniquity of taxing the majority
of the community for the purpose of filling the pock-
ets of the minority. He showed, from statistical
tables, that revenue fell off as duties became exces-
sive, and that the lowest point of duty for revenue
was always the most productive. He contended
that, if the protection to domestic manufactures, af-
forded by a 20 per cent, tariff, did not enable them
to compete with foreign manufactures, it was an
evidence of the strongest nature that they should
have no protection at the expense of the rest of the
community.
He reviewed Mr. Clay's recently published letter,
in which Mr. C. says the true policy of this
country is to buy as little as possible from foreign
countries, and sell them as much as possible. This
(Mr. D. concluded) meant that this country was to
import little and export a great deal; but as the writer
of the letter could not mean that the excess of ex-
ports was to be given away for nothing, it was to be
inferred that we were to drain foreign countries of
all their gold and silver. What, he asked, would be
the inevitable result? Why, that as gold and silver
circulation became abundant here, prices would ad-
vance rapidly; and as they became scarce in foreign
countries, prices there would become proportionately
depressed. When our agricultural products (our sta-
ple exports) wen tto the foreign markets, they would
have to encounter scarcity of gold and silver circu-
lation, and consequent low prices. Everything would
be doubled for the advantage of one portion of the
community, and, for the other, everything would be
ruinous—the rich made richer, and the poor poorer.
But no such system could ever be practically carried,
out.
The natural markets for the productions of the
South were in Manchester, Birmingham, Leeds, &c.,
just as much as the North and East were the natu-
ral markets for the domestic manufactures of New
England.
It had not been more than twenty years since he
had taken his seat in the other branch of Congress;
and, during that whole period, while he remained a
member of the House, he could conscientiously say
that he had never contemplated this Government
but with the most indescribable feelings; for, as God
was his judge, he could solemnly declare, that in all
that period—nearly a quarter of a century—he had
never known the Government to act towards South
Carolina in any other way than with the most ini-
quitous oppesssion, day and night. He had looked
and hoped for a day of redemption—not that
he expected any benefits for that State from
the operations of this Government. All that
he had struggled to obtain was, that it would
leave them alone to enjoy, in peace and quietness,
the productions of their own industry. He had
never felt any interest whatever in any other ques-
tion than this great question of the tariff, which in-
volved the interests of the whole country. He
would surrender all he had endeavored to maintain,
if his constituents could be restored to their long-lost
prosperity. This miserable struggle for power—
the struggle for the presidency—which was keeping
the whole country in agitation, and absorbing every
other question of national policy, he had looked
upon in all its bearings with loathing and contempt,
compared with this great question.
When the compromise act was passed, he was dis-
posed to say, in the language of the Psalmist, "Lord,
let thy servant now depart in peace." He was satis-
fied, and retired from the councils of this nation,
disgusted with all he had seen. He retired with the
hope of spending the rest of his days in peace; but
he had consented to come here again, for no other
purpose than to have some participation in this
question; and the moment just legislation upon it
should be refused, he would shake the dust from
his feet and leave this capital forever. What might
be the final result of this discussion he could not
pretend to say; but he would admonish gentlemen
that they all had as much interest in the settlement
of this question as he had. Things might change,
and the day might come, when they (the gentle-
men) would lose their control in this chamber.
The spirit of the West had been aroused, and
he undertook to predict that, within five years from
this time, the States of the West, almost_ exclu-
sively agricultural, would be as united on this ques-
tion as the States of the South. He knew little
about the productions of the West; but he under-
took to say, that those who brought live stock to
market from Kentucky, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and
Missouri, found their best market in the South. The
amount of capital, labor, and agricultural produc-
tion, in these Western States, is ten, if not twenty
times as much as the productions of the manufac-
tures of the East, even giving them the bale-rope
and bagging manufactures of the West, lhe
amount of tobacco and cotton produced by the
State of Tennessee gives that State, too, a very
large interest in the exports of this country;
and he could tell gentlemen that the people
of the West had now their eyes open. ±hey
knew what was their natural market, and that all
the demand for their stock was from the South.-
He believed the State of South Carolina alone con-
sumed,of thestock ofthe West, at least to the value
of one million a year. He undertook to say that, it
this tariff was reduced from forty to twenty per cent.,
South Carolina would purchase twice the quantity
of that live stock that they now did; and that, too,
perhaps at fifty per cent, advance on the price they
now pay. This reduction of tariff would enable
South Carolina to import merchandise cheap, and
pav the people of the West for the live stock in
goods twenty per cent, cheaper than they now get
them from the North and East. When, under this
tariff, they are now paid by the South m money,
they have to purchase their goods at the East
at 20 per cent, more than they ought to pay,
while at the same time they have been compelled to
sell their stock at 20 per cent, less than they
might under a reduced tariff. He admonished
those who represented the manufacturing interestsj.
