iso
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1844.
28th Cong.....1st Sess.
Abolition Petitions—Mr. C. Johnson.
H. of Reps.
"it shall be in orde for any member to move for the re-
consideration thereof on the same day," and'thus again
opening the whole question to debate to any one,
even those voting in the minority. With such rules,
if adopted, he saw no means of. passing any bill
except such as the opposition might permit. Let
the restrictions on debate be abolished, as proposed,
and the present Congress would return to their con-
stituents late in the summer, as much disgraced for
their neglect of the public business, for doing noth-
ing, as the whig Congress did for what they had
done.
There were still other difficulties. The new code
of rules, reported by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, numbered one hundred and two, and the sub-
stitute, proposed by the gentleman from Virginia,
numbered one hundred and eight; and many of these
rules were susceptible of subdivisions. Let the pre-
.vious question be called, as it always is, upon import-
ant questions; the debate stopped: a division of the
question might be called on each rule and each subdi-
vision, and yeas and nays on each. In what condi-
tion would the democratic party be placed? Prop-
ositions before the House, under the previous
question, upon which the yeas and nays might be
called by one-fifth for more than one hundred times,
occupying ten or twelve days, and at a period of
the session when we are actually talking of fixing
the day of adjournment, and but little of the public
business as yet completed. He would, for these
reasons, be unwilling'to place himself and political
friends in such a dilemma, even if the amendments
of his friend from Virginia were unexceptionable.
The amendment he proposed was designed to
avoid these inconveniences; and, if adopted, would
enable us to have rules at once by which the pub-
lic business could be speedily transacted. Many
of the rules of the last Congress he did not approve,
and thought it probable many of them would be
improved by the amendments of the gentleman from
Virginia; yet it was better, in his judgment, to take
the*i, with all their imperfections, than to run the
hazard of being harassed and perplexed for weeks
at this period of the session by a struggle to get a
new code.
He was aware that the great difficulty of settling
the rules at the present session arose from hostility
on the one side to the 21st rule, and an earnest de-
sire for its adoption on the other, as was evidenced
by the debate. That rule had been the principal sub-
ject—the others had been scarcely alluded to. He
had been here from the origin of the enactment in
relation to these petitions, and never before opened
his lips in relation to them; and did not now intend
to trouble the House with a speech on the right of
petition, or on their reception.
For some years after he was a member, these pe-
titions were received and referred to committees, and
often debated without attracting attention. It was
then believed that the best mode of quieting excite-
ment in the North was to adopt that course; and
•with that view the celebrated report of Mr. Pinckney
was made, concluding with resolutions which were
sanctioned by the House with great unanimity, de-
nying the authority of Congress to legislate on the
subject. So far from this course having the effect
desired, these petitions poured in upon the House
in greater numbers than ever; and it became neces-
sary to adopt some rule or order in relation to them,
to enable the House to get on with its usual and ne-
cessary business. The Patton resolution followed;
then the Atherton resolution; and finally the rule
which, he believed, was adopted at the instance of a
member from Maryland, (W. Cost Johnson,) not
now a member of this House. For all these reso-
lutions and rules he had voted, as the best means of
enabling the House to do the public business, by
suppressing debate upon an exciting subject, over
■which the House had no jurisdiction. He at no
time attached so much importance to the right of pe-
tition as northern gentlemen seemed to do. In this
country, where the people had a right to command,
and it ;Tasthe duty of the public servants to obey, the
right of hltitibly petitioning their public servants to do
what they wished was of no value to them; nor did
he attach more importance te the question made on
the opposite side as to the reception of these peti-
tions. If Congress refused to receive them, it was
a decision against the prayer of the petitioners as
much as if they had been debated a month. If Con-
gress received £hem, and laid them on the table, the
same purpose .was answered. The debate was what
he objected to, not only on account of the delay of
the puhlic business, but beeause of the rsal danger
jhat might arise in the South from their circulation
among the colored people. He said that he would
be content with any rule which prohibited debate
here.
But how this rule has been heretofore adopted, is
now likely to be lost, were questions to which he
wished to direct the attention of the House. If he
recollected right, (and he thought he could not be
mistaken,) in every instance the resolution or rule
had been adopted by the union of both parties in the
South, aided 1oy the' votes Of many northern demo-
crats. Both parties in the South have, before this
time, regarded some such rule of vital importance to
their interests, and, with an occasional exception,
have been united upon this floor; and he believed
both parties, at all times, looked to the northern
democrats for support. He did not believe that
either ever expected their adoption by northern
whig votes. It was immaterial which party had the
ascendency upon this floor; upon this subject we
acted together, and saved the rule.
It could not have escaped the, observation of any
one that these questions were made and kept up for
years, to have an influence upon the party politics
of the country, rather than from considerations con-
nected with the public good. It has been always
known, that upon these questions of the right of pe-
tition and the reception of petitions, the northern
democrats had been divided, and were so now—a
portion of them agreeing with the northern whigs,
that the right of petition upon this and all other sub-
jects was secured by the constitution, whilst another
portion of them agreed with the South, that there
was no constitutional obligation to receive petitions
upon subjects over which Congress had no control.
In this state of the question, a war was kept up for
years between the abolition whigs of the North and
the southern whigs, and questions were skilfully pre-
pared, to embarrass that portion of the northern demo-
cracy who entertained scruples upon these subjects.
11 was seen, that if the democrats in certain portions of
the North voted for the rule, they would be subject-
ed to the fury of the abolitionists, and be probably
defeated, and that whigery would be the gainer; if
they voted against the rule, then their great leader ill
the North was to be identified with them and their
course, m the minds of the southern people, and
prejudices aroused against him, whereby whigery
would still be benefited. Yet, amidst all these con-
flicts, the South stood together, and the rule was main-
tained by the aid of a portion of the northern demo-
crats. The effect of this war upon them has been,
it if; understood, greatly to increase the abolition
vote in the North, and the loss of many who always
acted with the South. If the southern whigs had
gained any other advantage than the loss of a few
democrats who had acted with them on this subject,
he was not aware of it.
At the commencement of the present session of
Congress, on the 4th of December, the same ques-
tion was made, upon the motion of the distinguished
member from Massachusetts; and upon it at that
time, so far as the votes were given, we were united,
with the exception of two votes—one from Ken-
tucky, and one from North Carolina. The rule was
retained temporarily, by a vote of 95 to 91. It was
obvious to every one, who noted the vote and the
absentees, that we were in great danger of losing
the rule.
The subject was then referred to aselect committee;
and the report of the committee made by the distin-
guished member from Massachusetts is the result
of their labors. This became the subject of debate in
the morning hour, and has so continued to this time.
On the 9th of January, a democrat from Indiana,
[Mr. Brown,] moved to lay the whole subject on
the table. If this motion had succeeded, the effect
would have been to retain the rules as adopted on
the 4th of December, and of course the 21st rule.
This vote was lost, yeas 7G, nays 108. Upon this
question the whig votes from the South had increas-
ed from two to seven against the motion—four from
Kentucky, two from Tennessee, and one from
North Carolina. This vote scarcely left a hope of
ever getting the 21st rule adopted as one of the rules
of the House; the only hope that remained, was
founded upon the continuance of the debate in the
morning hour, until the elections m Maryland and
Georgia should have taken place, which we confi-
dently expected would have added eight votes to our
strength upon this question, which ever patty pre-
vailed.
The debate was continued; the elections were over;
the members elect were whigs, and most of them in
their seats; the honorable member from Virginia
[Mr- Steenrod] seized the first opportunity again
to move to lay the report on the table—the best chance,
if not the only means of saving the 21st rule. If the
report had been laid on the table, the resolution of
the 4th December continued the rules and orders of
the last Congress in force until a • select committee
should be appointed, and their "reportfinally disposed
of: laying on the table did not finally dispose of it,
but placed it, in a position that required two-thirds
of the House, under the rules, again to take it up—
which never could be obtained.
Here, then, was presented a fair opportunity to
those desirous of preserving the 21st rule. All the
additional strength we expected from Maryland and
Georgia had arrived; the vote was taken and lost—
ayes 82, noes 112. To our astonishment and sur-
prise, only six whig members representing slave-
holding States were found voting with us—two from
Kentucky, two from Georgia, one from Alabama,
and one from Tennessee.
And there were found voting against us—
Three whigs from Tennessee.
Three whigs from Kentucky.
Four whigs from Maryland.
*• Four whigs from North Carolina.
Two from Virginia.
[Mr. Wiiite here asked if there was no democrat
from Virginia.
Mr. Johnson admitted that there was one—the au-
thor of the amendment to the report.]
Mr. Johnson .continued. And he regretted to find
his friend from Georgia who sat near him, [Mr.
Black,] as also one [jVlr. Holmes] from the chival-
rous State of South Carolina, which took so deep an
interest in the settlement of this question, voting
against us.
[Several members asked for an opportunity of ex-
plaining their votes.
Mr. J. declined yielding a portion of his hour un-
less it was for the correction of any error he may
have fallen into as to the facts.]
Mr. Johnson continued. He was aware that
many reasons might, and no doubt would be assigned
for the vote against laying on the table—reasons, no ■
doubt, esteemed of more importance by those giving
the votes, than the adoption of the 21st rule, al-
though that rule had been the main, if not the only,
subject of debate. With the reasons or motives of
those members so voting, he had nothing to do; he
spoke of the facts and the consequences arising from
them.
It was certain, if the eighteen members voting
against the motion had voted for it, that it would
have prevailed.
It is equally certain, if it had prevailed-, that the
rules of the last Congress, including the 21st rule, as
adopted on the 4th of December, would have been
the law of this House.
There was no doubt that only six whig members,
representing slaveholding States, had voted with us.
The presidential election is again coming on—the
war is again renewed—the same issues are again
presented, debated and urged with as much zeal as
formerly. It is the hope of gentlemen to have
northern democrats killed off, if they dare vote with
us, and whigs returned in their places? or is it hoped,
if they vote against us, that their great leader in the
North may be again assailed, and the prejudices of
the southern people aroused against him, because
a portion of his friends act with the whigs upon this
subject! Suppose the same rule applied to our op-
ponents ana their distinguished champion held
responsible for the votes of his friends on this floor:
all his friends in the North, with scarcely an excep-
tion have ever been against us on this question, and
but six of them in the South were found on Mr.
Steenrod's motion to lend us a helping hand.
It is now certain, since we have lost the op-
portunity of securing it, on the proposition made by
his friend from Virginia, [Mr. Steenrod,] that the
21st rule was gone. When he called upon his north-
ern friends, who had so nobly sustained us for years
upon this question, deemed of so much importance
to the southern interests, again to do so,—the reply
was, why should we sustain a rule so much ques-
tioned at the North, when your southern whigs, rep-
resenting that peculiar interest, refuse to do so? He
confessed that the question put to him was a dif-
ficult one to answer.
But the House must adopt some rules, and he
hoped they would be such as to enable us to do the
business of the country.
The 21st rule having been thus lost, he appealed
to his friends in tile North as well as the South to
unite upon his amendment, which secured the rules
of the last Congress, which would enable them to
