^PNPWippPiPp
CONGRESSIONAL (2LOBE.
Wf
m
members of this House. Now he (Mr. S.) asserted
that Congress possessed no power to abolish slavery
in the District of Columbia. Congress could not ex-
pend the public money for such a purpose. The
right of the owners of slaves to that species of prop
erty was admitted to be as conclusive as the right to
any other property. • The right to this property was
recognised in Maryland in 1715—Maryland being
then a colony. He showed what were the laws 011
this subject in eleven slaveholding States, and re-
plied to some remarks made by the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hudson] on this branch of the
subjcct; and he proceeded to say that the Constitu-
tion expressly provided that Congress should not
take private property unless it were for public uses,
and then only on -making compensation to the own-
ers of the property. The gentleman from New
York admitted that slaves were private property;
he said, likewise, that Congress might emancipate
the slaves; but he did not say whether Congress
should make compensation for those slaves. He
dodged that question. But he (Mr. S.) contended
that Congress could not take the public money for
any such purposes. The eighth section of the 1st
article of the Constitution contained an enumeration
of the powers of Congress; but no gentleman could
tell him that it contained any such powers.
The honorable gentleman went into a long argu-
ment to prove the position he assumed; in the course
of which, he took occasion to show what had been
done by Congress heretofore in relation to this class
of petitioners, and how the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Adams] had voted thereon. He read
various resolutions of the House adopted in the
years 1836 and 1838.
How stood the question in 1838? Then they had
the famous resolution declaring that Congress had
110 power to interfere with slavery in the States,
and that such interference would be a breach ofpub-
lic faith.
Mr. BEARDSLEY said the gentleman had mis-
apprehended him upon this question. He had not
said that all he desired was that these petitions
sould be received and laid upon the tabl e. He had
added a qualification that, if the House was ready to
act upon tiiem, as he luniself had always been in
such case, he cared not whether they were laid
upon the table or not, the mere reception was suffi-
cient to meet the requirements of the Constitution.
He had added that, in his opinion, the expedient
and proper course was to send them to the com-
mittee most favorable to the prayer of the petition,
to the end that they might see what such committee
would advise the country to do under the circum-
stances.
Mr. SAUNDERS said he understood the gentle-
man now to say that he had made up his mind that
slavery ought not to be abolished.
Mr. BEARDSLEY said he had so declared, per-
haps a hundred times.
Mr. SAUNDERS said he was glad to find that he
was not misrepresenting the gentleman. All that
the gentleman desired was that the petitions should
be received and laid upon the table; he did not desire
that they should be considered. Why? Because
his mincl was made up upon the subject. To what?
Not to abolish slavery. He admitted, that if the ma-
jority there thought that they ought to abolish
slavery, they ought to receive and consider the peti-
tions; hut it was because the majority were not in
favor of the abolition of slavery that the 21st rule
ought to be established. When the petition was
laid upon the table, it was an answer, and showed
that the prayer of the petition was refused. Suppose a
petition were presented to that House asking to apply
the torch of destruction to the capitol: ought such a
petition to be received? No; because it was asking
to commit a felony. And did not these petitions ask
the destruction of the temple of liberty itself? Where
was the difference, therefoie, between receiving such
a petition as he had alluded to, and receiving aboli-
tion petitions, which pray for a thing which all
admit ought not to be done? The 21st rule, so far
from being wrong, was, in fact, perfectly right in
itself. It was the judgment of the House upon the
the subject; and so far from being produ etive of injury,
it had been productive of good: why? Because it had
kept off that continual clamor which would other-
wise have prevailed, about the abolition of slavery.
He must be permitted to say to the gentleman
from New York, in good feeling, that he was de-
ceiving himself by supposing that the discussion
which was going on t$ere produced no mischief
elsewhere. Yes, the very proclamation which the
gentleman from Massachusetts had made, that he
had triumphed upon this question, was already
producing mischief elsewhere. As soon as the col-
ored population were led to believe that they would
receive especial encouragement and protection from
the Congress of the United States, they would be
ready for almost any act of insubordination.
The morning hour having expired,
The SPEAKER laid before the House several ex-
ecutive communications; which were read by the
Clerk.
Mr. DUNCAN asked and obtained leave to in-
troduce a bill to establish a uniform time for hold-
ing the elections of members of the House of Rep-
resentaives and of the electors of President and
Vice President of the United States throughout all
the States of this Union.
The bill was read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections; and ordered to be printed.
IMPROVEMENT OP THE WESTERN WATERS.
On motion of Mr. CAYE JOHNSON, the House
then resolved itself into Committee of the Whole,
and resumed the consideration of the reference of
that portion of the President's message which refers
to the improvement of the Western waters.
Mr. WELLER, being entitled to the floor, rose
and addressed the committee nearly as follows:
[The Reporters gave nothing which was said by
Mr. Weller to follow here.]
Mr. JACOB BRINKERHOFF obtained the floor;
and being requested to give way to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stewart,] that he might
reply to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Weller,]
said it was a matter of much difficulty to get the
floor; and, therefore, he must retain the floor, now
he had got it. With regard to the personal contro-
versy between the two gentlemen, he had no dispo-
sition to interfere with it. It was his intention to
call the attention of the committee to another branch
of the subject.
In the first place, then, without intending to be
offensive, he would notice a remark made yesterday
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stew-
art.] That gentleman told them that a long series
of calamities had been the result of an abandonment
of a high protective tariff; and that, if it had not oc-
curred, there would have been §249,000,000 to ex-
pend in works of internal improvement. He (Mr.
B.) did not agree with the position of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania. But, for the purpose of reply,
he would suppose it to be true; and what followed?
Who was responsible for the abandonment of the
old tariff in 1832' By whose bargain was it that
the tariff was abandoned? for it was by a bargain.
Who were the high contracting parties' How did
the agreement run? Articles of agreement made and
concluded the day of , between Henry Clay,
"the Mill-boy of the Slashes," as he was now called,
and John C. Calhoun. This agreement stipulated
that the tariff should come down to 20 per cent, ad
valorem, one of the high contracting parties being
the gentleman's [Mr. Stewart's] candidate for the
Presidency. However, it was not for the purpose
of making these remarks that he rose. The gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Barnard,] in the
course of his remarks, particularly represented to the
West the policy of relying 011 a home market for
support; and it was for the purpose of taking that
policy into consideration that he had obtained the
floor. Asa bugbear to frighten them from look-
ing to a foreign market, and to induce them to look
solely to a home market, the gentleman from New
York told them that England, m ten years, would
become an exporter of bread-stuffs. Now, it would
he something remarkable if that proved to be true;
for he found, 011 good authority, (Mr. McCulloch's
Dictionary,) that, since 1788, there had been a per-
manent balance of imports over the exports of
bread-stuffs to the island of Great Britain. The
gentleman from New York told them there were
15,000,000 of acres of land in Great Britain uncul-
tivated; but, on a reference to authorities, he found
there were 16,000,000, or 1,000,000 more than the
gentleman stated. And of what did it consist' The
pleasure-grounds of the gentry, the nobility, and
royalty; the salt meadows and sand-banks of
the coast; the barren moors of the interior-;
and the still more barren mountains of Scotland.
Why, in the year 1816, the then existing corn
laws of Great Britain were amended and modified,
after much testimony had been taken by a commit-
tee instituted for that purpose; and then the position
was taken that it was necessary to keep up the price
of wheat to eighty shillings per quarter, or a large
portion 'of land then under cultivation must be
abandoned. So touch for their fears of Great Brit-
ain becoming an exporter of bread-stuffs. ,
Then, again, in 1832, the com laws were again
modified 
Here the honorable gentleman suddenly sat down,
evidently very sick and faint. He asked the ipdul-
gence of the House for a few minutes; but his
countenance became ghastly pale. Several mem-
bers went to his assistance, and water was handed
to him.
A proposition was made that some other gentle-
man should be allowed to take the floor, and that .
the gentleman from Ohio should occupy it at a fu-
ture period, when he should have recovered.
Another proposition was made that the commit-
tee rise and report progress; which was agreed to;
and
The House adjourned.
The following petitions presented to-day were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By Mr. ATKINSON: Memorial of Thomas
Tatem, asking to be paid $431 88, the-amount of
his claim against the United States: referred to the
Cammittee of Claims.
By Mr. ANDERSON: The supplementary me-
morial and petition of Mathews, Wood, and Hall,
of New York, late contractors for furnishing marble
for the custom-house at New York: referred to the
Committee of Claims.
By Mr. LABRANCHE: Petition of citizens of the
parishes of St. Mary , Terrebonne, and Assumption,
in the State of Louisiana, praying for a post route.
By Mr. PERLEY B. JOHNSON: Petition of
William Russel and forty-five other citizens of Per-
ry county, Ohio, praying for a reform in the Post
Office Department: referred to the Committee on the
Post Oflice and Post Roads.
By Mr. MACLAY: Memorial of ship-masters,
steamboat-masters, and coasters, of the State of
New York, for the erection of a light-house upon
Execution Rock, in Long Island sound. Also, the
memorial of the Hurlgate pilots, of the State of
New York, for the erection of a light-house upon
Execution Rock, in Long Island sound: referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. LEONARD: A petition of Sally Davis,,
of the State of New York, widow of an old soldier,
praying a pension for services rendered by her hus-
band in the war of the Revolution: referred to the
Committee on Pensions. Also, a petition ofMary
Stryker, of New York, widow of Dennis Stryker,
praying a pension for services rendered by her late
husband as a soldier of the Revolution: referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
By Mr. JOSEPH A. WRIGHT: Petition of
Barbary Vineyard, of Hendricks county, Indiana,
for a pension: referred to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions.
By Mr. GRIDER: Petition of Samuel M. As-
bury, praying to increase his pension; also asking
leave to withdraw from the hies of the House of
last Congrss, the petition and proof to last Con-
gress; and that they be referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. FICKLIN: Petition of Lemuel Land
and 114 other citizens of the county of White and
State of Illinois, praying a grant of land, situated in
the Wabash valley, for the improvement _ of the
Wabash river from Terre Haute to the Ohio river:
referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
By Mr. HARPER: The petition of N. Whita-
ker and thirty other citizens of Muskingum county,
Ohio, praying for a reduction of the expenses of the
General Government: referred to the Committee on
Retrenchment. Also, the petition of the same citi-
zens respecting a reduction of the present rates of
postage: referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. SAMPLE: The memorial of A. P. Rich-
ardson and one hundred and twenty-five other citi-
zens of Olive township, St. Joseph county, Indiana,
stating "that exorbitant taxes on public or private
information are derogatory to the genius of a gov-
ernment resting upon intelligence for its successful
operation," and praying that the rates of postage be
"reduced to the lowest possible point consistent with
the support of the Post Office Department:" referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. CAVE JOHNSON: The petition of the
administrator of William MicClure, deceased, asking
compensation for a horse lost in the Seminole cam-
paign. Also, the petition of William H. Bedford,
