168
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
asliing a review of the decision of the auditor upon
certain claims therein specified for horses lost in the
Seminole campaign.
By Mr. SLIDELL: The petition of B. Olney and
one hundred and fifty other citizens of New Orleans,
praying for a grant of certain lands to aid in the im-
provement of the navigation of Wabash river: re-
ferred to the Committee on Roads and Canals. Also,
the petition of the heirs of John Lynd, praying for
confirmation of title to a certain tract of land: re-
ferred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
By Mr. DANA: Exemplification of Ira Wright's
pension papers: referred to the Committee on In-
valid Pensions.
By Mr. PURDY: The petition of eighty inhabit-
ants of Oxford, in the State of New York, for the re-
duction of postage and regulation of the franking
privilege: referred to the Committee oil the Post
Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. JEREMIAH BROWN: The petition of
citizens of the city and county of Philadelphia, pray-
ing Congress to grant an appropriation for the con-
struction of a dry-dock at the navy-yard at that port.
HOUSU OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 20, 1844.
ANNEXATION OF TEXAS.
Mr. WENT WORTH presented a petition from
sundry persons in De Kalb county, Illinois, remon-
strating against the admission of Texas into the
Union.
Mr. W. remarked that he had a letter from one of
the petitioners, stating that they had rather the Uni-
ted would have Texas, than have it go to England.
THE OREGON TERRITORY.
Mr. HUGHES offered the following resolution:
Besalved, That the Committee on the Territories
inquire into the expediency, at as early a day as
practicable, of reporting a joint resolution request-
ing the President of the United States to give notice
of twelve months to the government of Great Brit-
ain that, after the expiration of said term, the gov-
ernment of the United States will annul and abro-
gate the convention of the 6th of September, 1827,
continuing in force the provisions of the 3d article of
the convention of the 20th of October, 1818.
Objections were made to the reception of the res-
olution.
Mr. HUGHES moved a suspension of the rules
to enable him to offer it.
The motion was negatived.
ADMINISTRATION OP OATHS BY JUSTICES.
Mr. CULLOM offered the following resolution;
which, after being modified at the suggestion of Mr.
Barnard, was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of re-
porting whether there be any law in force which
authorizes justices of the peace to administer oaths
to applicants to Congress for pensions, or to wit-
nesses examined to such applications; and if not, to
report a bill communicating such power; and also
constituting it perjury to swear falsely in such
cases.
WESTERN WATERS.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved a suspension of
the rules for the purpose of introducing a motion to
go into Committee of the Whole.
The yeas and nays were demanded, but not or-
dered.
Tellers were then called for, and Messrs. Burkf.
and Thomasson were appointed; and they reported
77 in the affirmative, and 28 m the negative—being
less than a quorum.
Mr. ADAMS expressed the hope that the rules
would not he suspended, or the morning hour would
be taken from the consideration of the pending ques-
tion on the report of the Committee on Rules.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON said two o'clock to-day
was the hour fixed, on his motion, to terminate
debate on the resolution to refer the President's mes-
sage; and therefore he felt bound to urge his motion.
The SPEAKER said there was certainly a quo-
rum present, and he called upon gentlemen to vote
on one side or the other.
Mr. BIDLACK called for the yeas and nays, for
the purpose of testing whether there was a quorum
present.
The yeas and nays were not ordered; but the
tellers again took the vote, and reported 88 m the
affirmative, and 39 m the negative; which being a
quorum, and a sufficient majority, the rules were
suspended.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved that th  House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
State of the Union; which was agreed to, and Mr.
Winthrop took the chair.
The pending question was on the resolution to re-
fer so much of the President's message as relates to
the western waters.
_ Mr. McCAUSLEN said it was with mortifica-
tion and regret that he had observed a considerable
degree of acrimony indulged in by gentlemen, in the
debate upon this question. What was the question
that was now before the committee for considera-
tion? It was simply the reference of a portion of
the President's message to a select committee, and
an amendment for the reference to the Committee on
Commerce. And he had been somewhat at a loss to
know how the political questions of the day could
be lugged into this debate with the rules of the
House, staring them in the face. What was the ob-
ject of referring a subject to a committee for exami-
nation? Was it not for the express purpose of col-
lecting facts, and laying those facts before the House,
so that the House might act understandingly upon
all questions presented to them? Most assuredly.
Why was the motion made, in this case, to refer the
subject to a select coipmittee? It was that the facts
connected with it might be collected and brought be-
fore the House in the form best calculated to give
weight to the question involved. Why did western
gentlemen object to the reference to the Committee
on Commerce? Not because they supposed
that committee would not be willing to do
justice to the West; but it was because they were
not sufficiently acquainted with the important inter-
ests of the West. They of the West desired the
poor privilege of presenting their interests to that
House. All that they asked, was to have an oppor-
tunity to present their own case. Was there a mem-
ber of that House who would be disposed to deny
them this privilege' He did not believe the House
would refuse it. What was to be gained by reject-
ing the reference which western gentlemen demand-
ed as their right, and as essential to their interests.
He had regretted exceedingly to see gentlemen from
different sections of the Union arraying one portion
of the country against another. He was sorry to
see gentlemen of the North and East depreciating
the West and the South; and those of the South set-
ting themselves against the interests of the North.
The interests of this whole Union were one and in-
divisible. Efforts had been made to persuade the
House that the interests of the West and North were
not worthy of the consideration of that House.
What was the true distinction? It was simply this:
those rivers, lakes, and bays which the God of na-
ture had made navigable, were to be considered
national waters, and should be the objects
of national supervision. That was the only true
distinction; it was the only distinction that could be
made by gentlemen who were not disposed to
lug in party politics to weigh down this important
question. The Mississippi, the Ohio, and the Mis-
souri rivers, had always been recognised as national
streams. What was it which gentleman attempted
to drag in, in oider to weigh down this question' It
was the interminable question of internal improve-
ment—improvement without stint or limit. Nor
was this all; they had lugged in questions of party
politics, and the House had witnessed scenes of a
disgraceful character for two or three days past,
growing out of the admission of this wide range of
debate. They had not met here for the purpose
of making presidents; but to do the business of the
country. '1 he people have the right of president-
making m their own hands; and they would exer-
cise that right, regardless of anything which might
be done by the House of Representatives.
What was the amount asked for, for the improve-
ment of the western waters? The pitiful sum of
$175,000, or £200,000 at most, to be granted annu-
ally, to keep m operation the present number of
snag-boats upon those waters. Why, if only one
steamboat were saved, with the lives of her passen-
gers, in consequence of such appropriation, the
money would be well laid out. Since the discontin-
uance of the use of the snag-boats, the navigation of
the Mississippi was attended with the utmost dan-
ger. The average loss of steam vessels had
been about one each week—fifty-two steamboats in
a single, year ! He would ask the gentleman from
New York, who vaunted so much of the Hudson
river, how many vessels had been lost on that river?
How many lives had been lost in conseuuence of
impediments to the navigation of that river? The
impediments which existed to the navigation of that
river were trifling and insignificant, in comparison
with those of the western waters. He did not ob-
ject to an appropriation for the Hudson, if one were
necessary,'but he could not help remarking that the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Barnard]
had unwarrantably enlarged the importance, or rather
the extent, of the navigation of that river, by
adding to it a long line of canals, reaching, and
he believed including, even a part of the Mississippi
itself. The gentleman had asserted that New York
was equal to one-sixth of the Union, and that there-
fore a large appropriation should be made for the
improvement of the Hudson. But the gentleman
must recollect that it was the West which made
New York what she is. And no State had contrib-
uted more towards that result than the State of Ohio.
The canals of the State of New York would be of
little value, without the canals of Ohio: their profits
would be greatly curtailed. The gentleman talked
about the great State of New York; and he, on his
part, might well boast of the great State of Ohio—a
State which he might justly be proud of. The
State of Ohio demanded her rights at the hands of
that House; and she was as justly entitled to be
heard as New York, or any other State in the
Union. He did not mean to be understood as say-
ing, however, that, unless Ohio received what she
thought she was entitled to, the Union must be dis-
solved. Such a proposition he had not expected to
hear in that House, on the part of gentlemen from
any quarter. He could answer for the State he
came from, that, even if her rights were disregarded
for a time, she would not resort to any such desper-
ate course as that. He desired that the whole sub-
ject should be referred to a select committee.
Mr. BEARDSLEY rose and addressed the
Chair; and, at the same time,
Mr. STEWART rose and submitted an amend-
ment, to refer the subject to the Committee on Roads
and Canals.
The CHAIR gave the floor to the gentleman from
jjew York, [Mr. Beardsley,J on the ground that
the gentleman from Pennsylvania had already spo-
ken, and could not take the floor again, while anoth-
er gentleman claimed it.
Mr. STEWART appealed to the gentleman from
New York to permit him to occupy the floor for a
few moments; and said that he would pledge him-
self to detain the House but a very short time, and
to say nothing that was inconsistent with the strict-
est parliamentary rules.
Mr. BEARDSLEY claimed the floor; and said
that he intended to speak but a few moments, and
would then leave the floor for the gentleman, or
whoever the committee might choose to occupy it.
He should not (Mr. B. said) go into the political
and personal collision whieli had taken place here.
He should leave these to other gentlemen, as they
did not seem to him to belong to the question be-
fore the committee. He desired to look at the sin-
gle proposition before the committee; and, as they
had had discourses oil almost every other subject
than the one before them, it was the more necessa-
ry to understand the nature of the proposition be-
fore them, and the questions on which it turned. It
was proposed, in the amendment before them, to
send that portion of the President's message rela-
ting to the improvement of the rivers of the West
to a select committee; and the original resolution
proposed to give that subject the ordinary direction,
and send it to one of the standing committees of the
House. The latter course appeared to him to be
the true one; for it was to be presumed that the
House, in distributing the business of the session,
would give each subject to the committee specially
constituted to take it into consideration. Nov/, un-
less some cogent reason could be given for depart-
ing from the ordinary practice on ibis occasion, it
seemed to him that it ought to be adhered 'to-
and it rested with those who advocated the ref-
erence t0 a select committee to give such reasons.
He had heard no sufficient reasons given, and
could conceive of none that ought to "have any
weight with the committee. Was it intended that a
select committee should be appointed to examine
witnesses, and prove that we have an Ohio, a Mis-
sissippi, or an Arkansas river Was it to prove
their dimensions, their length, breadth, depth, and
volume of water? Was it to show how many snags
and sawyers were in these rivers? or was it, in
short, to ascertain any facts which were not matters
of general notoriety.' If not, what, then, was it in-
tended to accomplish by the appointment of a se-
