182
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1844.
28th Cong.. ..1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. G. W. Jones.
H. of Reps.
pie of the States, under the constitution, no law
can be made constitutionally, either by Congress or
the State legislatures, by which the people can be di-
gested of their rights. All laws made upon the sub-
ject, to be constitutional, must be so made as to en-
able the people to perfect this right, and not to
hinder or obstruct its consummation. The State
legislatures being the immediate representatives of
the people of the States, not because the power is
given in the constitution of the United States, may,
as a matter of convenience and compromise, by law,
proceed to make distribution among the people of
the number of representatives apportioned to them,
by dividing the State into districts, assigning to each
district the election of one representative. This
work of districting, if done at all, must be done by
the legislature of the State. And here I will remark,
that, as an individual and citizen of Tennessee, 1
am most decidedly in favor of the district system
over the general-ticket system, for electing represent-
atives in Congress; and, also, for electing electors
for the President and Vice President. On two sev-
eral occasions—once in the House of Representa-
tives, and once in the Senate of Tennessee, I voted
against;the general-ticket system of electing presi-
dential electors; the last time in 1839, when 1, in
common with all my democratic friends, with san-
guine that the State would most triumphantly vote
the democratic ticket. I was not governed by my
party predilections then, nor am I now; and I trust
I never shall be governed by them any farther than
those predilections shall be in accordance with the
constitution of my country, and calculated to pre-
serve its institutions in their purity, and to advance
the welfare of the people:
The provision of the constitution under which the
power authorizing Congress to pass the second sec-
tion of the apportionment act is claimed, gives to
Congress all the power to make or alter the regula-
tions made by the State legislatures, as to the times,
places, and manner of holding elections for senators
in Congress, that it does with regard to the elections
of representatives, except as to the places of electing
senators. If, then, Congress can district a State for
the election of representatives, or can declare that no
one shall take his seat here who has not been elected
by the people of a single district, she can also divide
each State in this Union into two districts, and re-
quire that one senator should be elected from each.
She can declare, by law, that each State shall be so
divided, without saymg by whom it shall be done,
and then debar any person from taking Ins seat as a
senatoi, unless thus elected. The <ases are similar,
and the power can be as constitutionally exercised
by Congress m the one case as in the other. Yet is
there a gentleman upon this floor, or in this country,
who will assume the ground that Congress can, m
any way or manner Whatever, exercise this district-
ing power with regard to the election of senators'
Shall I be told that the constitution provides that
senators shall be chosen by the legislatures of the
States, and that the legislatures cannot be divided?
By the provisions of the same instrument, I answer,
it is provided that representatives nhall be chosen by
the people of the States, who are as indivisible as the
legislatures; fur when you divide the people of the
States into districts, you thereby create so many
fractions, no one of which is or can claim to be the
people of the State, any more than a moiety of the
legislature would be the legislature itself. To
illustrate: take the State of Tennessee, with a vo-
ting population of 120,000, and her legislature com-
posed of one hundred menibeis; would it not be
found as easy to divide the State and legislature
into two districts, as it would be to divide the same
State a'ld the people into eleven districts—the num-
ber of representatives apportioned to that State?
Suppose, sir, a bill should pa^s this House, and
be; =,ent to the Senate for their concurrence, declar-
ing that the States should be districted for the elec-
tion of senators, would it not be there considered as
unconstitutional, and an at tempted invasion of the
rights of that august body? To my mind, it is clear
that it would, and most correctly too.
The twenty-seventh Congress passed this second
section. In that Congress six of the States of this
Union were represented in this House by gentlemen
elected by the whole people of their respective States
—gentlemen elected by general ticket. And, sir, In
every House of Representatives assembled under the
i "rstitution, there were representatives thus elected.
A o objection had ever been made to their taking
their seats upon this floor, or to their retaining them
after they had taken them—no objection could he
.nade, Mere} then, was a period of more than
half a century, during the whole of which the gene-
ral-ticket system of electing representatives was re-
cognised and held to be constitutional by the father
of his country, and also by the father of the consti-
tution itself, their colleagues and co-laborers in that
great work—the formation of the constitution—and
by the entire people of the Union. It was and is
constitutional. If constitutional, how then can Con-
gress make it otherwise by a declaration of its will
—by tha passage of a statute? The thing cannot
be done. That is not the mode prescribed for the
amendment of the constitution—it is an absurdity.
Suppose, "sir, instead of twenty-one members,
there were a majority of the representatives here
elected by general ticket; suppose that majority
should determine that they were the only constitu-
tionally elected members of this House; or suppose,
in the happening of the contingency which I have
stated, this second section should be sustained by
those elected by single districts, and a portion of
those elected by general ticket, constituting a ma-
jority of the members of this House: what, I ask,
would be the effect? The worst of all possible ca-
lamities, in a national point of view—the dissolu-
tion of the Union.
Again: Suppose the twenty-seventh Congress, in-
stead of requiring that-each member should be elect-
ed by a single district, had declared in this second
section that no member should take his seat here,
unless elected by the people of a State—by general
ticket; suppose eighteen or twenty of the States,
having, by law, "prescribed the times, ■ places, and
manner of holding elections for representatives" by
single districts, should say, We cannot submit to
this assumption of power on the part of Congress
—this invasion of our rights, unauthorized by the
constitution; we cannot submit to it, without a base
surrender of a portion of our sovereignty; and, dis-
regarding the mandate, should proceed to elect their
representatives by districts: then, instead of the
question now before the House, we should have
presented the still more, strange spectacle of the
twenty-one members from the four States, claiming
to be the only lawfully elected members of this
House, resisting the right, and protesting against
the two hundred members elected by single districts
taking their seats. According to the arguments of
gentlemen over the way, in this state of affairs, the
twenty-one members would be the only constitu-
tionally elected members of this House. What
would be the effect, or rather result, if the advo-
cates of this second section are right? Could the
twenty-one gentlemen remain here, and continue to
"adjourn from day to day, and compel the attend-
ance of absent members?" No, sir; because there
would be no absent members. And the States per-
sisting in their determination not to obey the com-
mand of Congress, and there being no power on
earth to coerce them, this government would be dis-
solved; and, instead of this glorious Union—the
pride and boast of every true American patriot—
there would be twenty-six different governments,
sovereign and iiidedendent. They would each be so
small, and, consequently, weak, as to be entirely
unable to defend, protect, and preserve their sov-
ereignty and independence for any considerable
ttme. And tins, sir, would be the inevitable result
upon the happening of the contingencies, in either
of the cases which I have supposed. Thus, the ;
power given to Congress, "to make or alter the reg-
ulations made by State legislatures concerning elec-
tions of senators and representatives, given, as ap-
pears most clearly to my mind, that Congress should
possess within itself the power of perpetuating its
own existence, uould, being so exercised, produce
the very result which was intended to be provided
against—the dissolution of this government.
The gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Com.amer]
said this was Ike first case in the history of the gov- i
eminent in which one branch of Congress Save
ever attempted to declare a law unconstitutional and
void which had received the sanction of each branch
of the law-making power of the country. Sir, was
not the passage of this second section the first at-
tempt ever made by the American Congress to de-
stroy itself? to terminate its existence by such a
course of action as^to deprive the freedmen of a por-
tion of the States of their inherent, inalienable rights
—the right of representation?
Another psovision of the constitution is, that
"each House shall be the judge of the elections, re-
turns, and qualifications of its own members."
This House is, then, to ascertain the facts of the
case, and, applying the law to the facts, determine
the right of the people of New Hampshire, Georgia,
Mississippi, and Missouri, to be represented in this
House by those now occupying seats here as their
chosen representatives.
Fortunately, perhaps, there is no doubt or con-
troversy as to the facts. All agree that elections
were held in those States, at the times and places
and m the manner prescribed by laws passed by
their respective legislatures, providing for the elec-
tion of members of Congress; that at those elections
the gentlemen now occupying their seats upon this
floor were fairly chosen by the people of their re-
spective States to represent them here; that each of
those gentlemen is qualified as the constitution of
the United States requires he should be; that there
are no persons here setting up any claim or pre-
tence to either of their seats; that there is no person
here from either of those States denying the right of
these gentlemen, or any one of them, to remain here
in the full exercise of all the rights and privileges,
and in the discharge of all the duties which attach
or appertain to a representation of the people.
Why, then, this contest or difficulty about those
gentlemen retaining their seats? Is it because the
constitution of the United States is against them?
No, sir: but because the second section of the ap-
portionment act passed by the 27th Congress is
against them, they not having been elected as con-
templated and required by that section of the act.
If this second section had never passed, all would
have concurred in. the opinion that those gentlemen
had been duly and constitutionally elected. Could
this section of the act have been complied with as
Congress passed it? Could it have been complied
with without further legislation, either by Congress
or the State legislatures? It could not. The con-
stitution declares that representatives shall be cho-
sen every two years by the people of the several
States. Congress declares that each State shall be
laid off into a number of districts equal to the num-
ber of representatives to which the State is entitled,
but did not lay off such districts; and Congress has
no power to command the legislature to district a
State. Here, then, is the true issue involved in the
subject under consideration. The issue to be deter-
mined by this House is contained within very nar-
row limits. It is between the second section of the
constitution and the right of representation on the
one side, and the second section of the apportion-
ment act on the other. Here, then, is second sec-
tion against second section. The first, the funda-
mental organic law of the land; the second, at best,
can only be claimed to have been passed in pursu-
ance of the provisions of that organic law. Of the
validity and binding force of the former, none en-
tertain doubts. Of the validity of the latter, many
entertain, not only serious doubts, but deny that it
has any legal existence whatever.
That the constitution must be preserved, all agree.
An enactment of a legislative body, which cannot be
enforced without subsequent or further legislation,
possesses within itself 110 binding force- This sec-
ond section ,of the apportionment act is of this char-
acter: it declares that a certain thing shall be done:
but it wholly fails to prescribe how, by whom, or in
what way, the thing is to be effected. * It neither
makes nor alters the regulations made by the State
legislatures concerning the manner of holding elec-
tions; and until it shall be perfected in such manner
as will enable the people of the States, under its pro-
visions, to choose their representatives as required
by the constitution, it must of necessity be held to
be null and void.
The States do not derive their power to regulate
the times, places, and manner of holding elections
for senators and representatives in Congress from
the provisions of the fourth section of the first article
of the constitution. There are no powers delegated
to the States by the constitution. It is sovereignty
and power reserved by the States. If this fourth
section of the first article of the constitution had
never been penned or incorporateb into that instru-
ment, the power of the States over this subject would
have been as full and ample as it is with that provis-
sion in existence. Yes, sir, more than ample under
under the second section of the same article, which
declares that representatives shall be chosen by the
people of the States every two years. It is under
this provision that the States have the power of reg-
ulating the times, places), and manner of holding
elections. It is not delegated, but original, inherent,
reserved power. So far, then, as the States are con-
cerned, this fourth section does not confer power
over this subject on the States; but merely declares
that a prior existing power shall be exercised by
them in the first instance; and delegating to Congress
