120
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. *
The SPEAKER said he had no recollection of a
case where a member had been permitted to make
such an explanation after the call for the previous
question.
Mr. GRIDER inquired whether the question on
the adoption of the resolutions was put to the House.
The SPEAKER said that the question was dis-
tinctly announced, and put to the House, and
voted on.
Mr. MORRIS rose to appeal to the gentleman
from New Hampshire [Mr. Reding] to withdraw
the call for the previous question, so that his col-
league [Mr. Stewart] might have an opportunity
to make an explanation.
Mr. McCONNELL said: I call him to order;
and, Mr. Speaker, I doubt whether Mr- Morris
himself is a gentleman.
The question was then put on the second to the
previous question, and carried—ages 91, noes 60.
Mr. YANCE called for the yeas and nays on the
main question; which were ordered.
Mr. SCHENCK inquired whether it would be in
order for the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stewart] to move that he be excused from voting;
and to give his reasons.
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. STEWART rose and asked to be excused
from voting, because he had no opportunity of ex-
plaining to the House matters personal to himself,
and of vindicating himself from the charges con-
tained in the remarks of the gentleman from Ohio.
He appealed to every gentleman on the floor, after
the manner in which he had been assailed, not by
one only, but by two or three members, charging
him with falsehood, if these chargcs were to be
permitted to stand against him in that House, with-
out his being permitted to reply to them. He ap-
pealed to them all to say whether he had ever ut-
tered one word of a personal character, or assailed
any one on that floor. He had been told this morn-
ing that, if he had any explanations to make, he
should make them out of doors. Why, even if he
was a fighting man, he could not fight all.
Mr. C. JOHNSON called the gentleman to order.
Mr. McCONNELL. I call the gentleman to or-
der; and, if there is any fighting to be done, I am
ready to take all that on my hands.
Mr. C. JOHNSON said the gentleman was out
of order in referring in the House to matters that
took place m Committee of the Whole. He hoped
the gentleman would let the question be taken, and
the business of the House go on, which was now
suspended; and when the House went into Com-
mittee of the Whole again, which would soon
take place, the gentlemen could have every oppor-
tunity of making all the explanation he dr-sued.
Mr. STEWART, (turning (o Mr. Joiixson.)
Will the gentleman designate the time?
Mr. McCONNELL. The gentleman can get it
out of doors whenever he wants it.
The SPEAKER, in reply to Mr. C. Johnson's
question of order, said that it was not in order for
the gentleman from Pennsylvania to allude to mat-
ters that passed in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. McCONNELL made some remark not
heard by the reporter, when—
The SPEAKER said the gentleman must not in-
terrupt a member on the floor.
Mr. STEWART said he would not have an op-
portunity of vindicating himself if he could not refer
to what passed in Committee of the Whole. It had
been said that, in the speech he made, he had made
personal charges against members on that floor.
That lie denied. He made no allusions of a per-
sonal character to any member; and he was there-
fore not willing to be silenced by such assaults as
had been made on hull. He committed a great
error yesterday, which he now regretted; and that
was, in having noticcd the remarks of (he member
from Ohio whilst he was addressing the chair. He
would not have noticed him had he known as much
of his character and standing as he now did.
Several gentlemen here called the gentleman to
order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in order.
Mr. DOUGLASS. I will refer the Speaker to
the pledge the gentleman gave, that he would not
make any personal reflections on any gentleman.
Mr. D. objected to any gentleman proceeding with-
out leave.
Mr. WINTHROP moved for leave for the gen-
tleman to proceed in order; and, on that question,
he called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. BARNARD suggested that his friend from
.Massachusetts [Mr. Winthrop) should withdraw
his motion, and allow the question to be taken on
concurring in the report of the Commitee of the
Whole; and that there should be a general under-
standing that the gentleman from Pennsylvania be
allowed to make his explanation afterwards 
Mr. BARNARD was called to order by several.
Mr. WINTHROP said that, with that under-
standing, he would withdraw his motion.
Mr. HOPKINS said that, for his part, he would
not come into any such understanding. The gen-
tleman had already occupied two hours on this
subject; and he could not consent to set aside the
business of the House for such a purpose.
Mr. WINTHROP then renewed his motion, and
called for the yeas and nays; and, the yeas and nays
having been ordered,
Mr. THOMPSON asked if the motion was not
to allow the gentleman to proceed in order.
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr THOMPSON then appealed to the gentleman
from Massachusetts to withdraw the call for the
yeas and nays, as no gentleman would object to
the gentleman's proceeding in order. The call
for the yeas and nays, under such ciicum^tances,
would be a useless consumption of time 
Several voices called the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi to order.
Mr. PARMENTER asked if, in the present
stage of the question, any debate at all would be in
order.
The SPEAKER said that it would not.
The question was then put on Mr. Winthrop's
motion by yeas and nays, and carried—yeas 152,
nays 18.
So the gentleman had letfte to proceed in order.
Mr. STEWART then made some few observa-
tions, and, with an intimation that he should seek
some other opportunity to be heard, he withdrew
his motion to be excused from voting.
The House then sustained the previous question,
and concurred in the report of the Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. CLINGMAN moved that the House adjourn;
but withdrew it. at the request of Mr. Stewart.
Mr. STEWART rose and made some observa-
tions, which were almost inaudible.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman was not in
order, except with unanimous consent.
Mr. CLINTON objected.
A conversation ensued, in which Messrs. HUNT,
BARNARD, C. J. INGERSOLL, and others, took
part. Ultimately it was agreed that the rules of the
House should be suspended, to allow the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to make an explanation.
Mr. STEWART then addressed the House. He
recapitulated the circumstances under which he made
his speech o few days since, which appeared to have
occasioned the indecorous language which had since
been used. The "exploded American system" was
spoken of, and denounced by one gentleman; hewas
followed by the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Jame-
so*r,] who took occasion to eharaeteri7e the whig party
of this House as the "coon party;" as a party with-
out principles for the public eye; as the fag ends of
parties; and as a party weighed in the balance and
found wanting, &c. And what did he. (Mr. S.) do?
He merely replied to those charges, and vindicated
the policy which had been adopted by the whig
party. He showed what was the effect of the whig
policy on the country, and contrasted it with the
opposing system, of which Mr. Van Burcn was the
advocate; but he made no personal allusion to any
man on floor. To the member from Ohio he cer-
tainly made no allusion, for to that member he was
a stranger. He acted in the discharge of a great
public duty, and opposed a system which he was of
opinion was calamitous to the country; he made no
personal allusion, and yet he was assailed by the
gentleman from Ohio in language which he would
read to the House.
He read from the report which appeared in the
Globe of Mr. Weller's remarks, and then remark-
ed that, having made no personal allusion to the gen-
tleman from Ohio, he would ask the House and the
country if he was to sit down in silence under
charges thus made without provocation, and in
terms which he could not characterize but in
language which would violate the decorum of
parliamentary debate. What, then, was he to do?
What course was he to pursue? The first opportu-
nity he had, he read the language of the member
from Ohio to the House, and said that he was will-
ing to maintain all that he had alleged; and he did
so by furnishing documentary proof. He vindica-
ted himself, and he removed "the brand of false-
hood from his forehead," that it might be placed
where it could properly be applied. The gentleman
from Ohio did not question his facts, but an infer-
ence. He had inferred that the President (Mr.
Van Buren) had directed the Secretary not to fur-
nish estimates for western improvements, because
such estimates had been previously furnished, and
because it was the duty of the Secretary then to
have furnished them, unless such directions were
given to him by the executive. This was an in-
ference, and not a matter of fact. The gentleman
from Ohio furnished proof that Mr. Van Buren did
sign an appropriation bill for western improvements;
but this he (Mr. S.) had never denied. What he
said was, that Mr. Van Buren denied that
this government had the power to make internal
improvements within the States, and con-
tended that the consent of the States could
not give that power. This he had shown from
a letter written by Mr. Van Buren. He knew,
also, that Mr. Van Buren had favored a bill to place
turnpikes on the Cumberland road within the State
of Pennsylvania, which be (Mr. S.) at that time
opposed, because he did not believe that this gov-
ernment possessed the power to impose fines and
penalties on the people of Pennsylvania for passing
through any portion of the State of Pennsylvania;
and that bill was vetoed by Mr. Monroe. And
further: Mr. Van Buren voted for the tariff of 1828,
which was the most extravagant tariff ever passed;
and he (Mr. S.) voted against that too, extravagant
as he was deemed on that subject.
He thus supported all the charges he had made.
There was certainly some little dispute about the
amount of some appropriations. He had said that
the government, within a given time, had not ex-
pended as much in western improvements as had
been spent on the Capitol in which they were then
assembled; and to this the gentleman from Ohio had
replied that $3,000,000 had been spent in a particu-
lar period, which he named, on western improve-
ments—whereas this Capitol did not cost more than
$1,000,000. Now, he (Mr. S.) had the impression
that the erection of the Capitol, the purchase of the
grounds, the re-erection of that building after it was
burnt down, and some other expenditures, amount-
ed to §3,000,000 or $4,000,000. But it did appear
to him that, if it were tolerated, when a member of
this House rose in his place to discharge a solemn
duty, in a manner that was respectful and parlia-
mentary, by vindicating a system of policy of
which he approved, and condemning a system of
which he disapproved, he was to be silenced by the
accusation of "lies," "falsehood," and "liar," the
dignity of the House was gone, and the minority
might as well retire, for their rights were trampled
down. It was for the House to determine whether
it would be degraded to the condition of the most
disorderly body, by the introduction of such low,
bilingsga'te language as had been tolerated there.
Mr. McCONNELL called the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to order.
Mr. STEWART protested against such a course
of conduct as was pursued by the majority in that
House.
Mr. McCONNELL. You are slandering the
majority.
Mr, STEWART said he should take no notice of
what the gentleman from Alabama was saying.
Mr. McCONNELL. I shall take notice of you, sir.
The SPEAKER called the gentlemen to order.
Mr. STEWART said he could never suffer him-
self to imitate the examples of coarseness and vul-
garity in debate which had been exhibited in that
House. He should discharge his duty firmly and
fearlessly; but he could never condescend to enter
into personal altercations with all who might think
proper to assail him.
Mr. Stewart having finished his explanation—
Mr. HOLMES moved that it be resolved that the
Committee on the Judiciary be instructed to inquire
into the expediency of repealing the law against
duelling.
Mr. McCONNELL. For the especial benefit of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
The SPEAKER remarked that the resolution
could only be received by the unanimous consent of
the House.
Several voices: There is no objection.
Mr. McCONNELL. Nobody objects, unless it
be the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
On motion,
The House then adjourned.
The following notices of petitions presented to
