Feb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
188
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Woodward.
H. of Reps
ble, by words not of enlargement or amplification,
but simply enumerative of such items of formality
as were indispensable to the production of a mere
minimum adequate authority, empowers Congress to
appoint the forms necessary to enable the people to
constitute representatives; and under this effeminate
power you assume to control the ehiefest rights of
freemen! Shall the substance of rights belonging to
the jurisdiction of the States, become the incident to
modes and forms, belonging to the jurisdiction of
Congress? modes and forms, too, given most cau-
tiously, and with strong leserves to the States. The
idea is preposterous. You might as well tell me that
the gold the people get coined under the authority of
the government, and by its machinery, should be-
come incident to the mint, and fall under the juris-
diction and administration of the government. Tile
formal apparatus for "holding" an election, bears
the same relation to the elective franchise that the
machinery of a mint does to the gold it coins. Con-
gress has power to appoint the apparatus, and coin
the gold of the elective franchise into authoritative
forms, (and he who is richest in these forms be-
comes the representative.;) bnt it has no authority
over the bullion, except to coin it. It cannot regu-
late its distribution or enjoyment, or the compro-
mises it may sometimes have to suffer, in its conflict
with other interests in the community.
Suppose the general government should require the
voters in the States to appoint colleges to elect their
representatives: what objection could be made to
this assumption of power? It would be no direct
interference with the franchise. It might he said,
with truth, that it related only to the manner of
"holding" the elections; that the voters would have
the making of their own proxies, and the right of
positive and direct instructions over them; and it
would be difficult to show that this involved any-
thing beyond the . alteration of the mode; for the
proxies would be involuntary instruments' in the
hands of the voters, to be wielded by them at plea-
sure. And if it should be objected that it was one
of the original, inherent properties of the franchise,
that it should act immediately upon its object, with-
out the intervention of any instrumentality whatever,
we should be estopped from talking of original, in-
herent right, and be told that the people of the States
had no rights, with respect to representation, but
what the constitution had conferred upon them; and
that the same constitution which conferred these
rights, gave Congress the power to control and pre-
scribe tlje manner of using them. And I confess I
am utterly unable to perceive how we could avoid
the effect of this reasoning,,if it be admitted that the
power of Congress embraces the whole manner of
elections, and not merely the manner of holding
officially. It must be borne in mind, that the man-
ner of elections, and the manner of " holdinar," are
by no-means identical and co-extensive ideas; and
the latter is the phrase of the constitution.
It is argued that the constitution gives to the gen-
eral government precisely the same authority itgives
to the States. I have no interest to controvert this
proposition; I only desire it to be remembered, that
there are in this matter certain powers left with the
States, besides those conferred upon them; and these
left powers have no co-ordinates in the general gov-
ernment. Nor do we wish to cramp or petrify the
power of Congress, but are perfectly willing to al-
low it all its natural versatility; we only object that
it should be made more extensive than its subject,
the transaction of election. It only meets the citi-
zen periodically at the polls, and does not go home
with him to his fireside, or abide with him in the
intervals of elections.
It is also contended, that the people of a State
have no right to representation in Congress, except
under the constitution. Truly this is a subtle prop-
osition. Who ever supposed that a State out of the
Union had the right? We insist, however, that, un-
der the constitution, it is an absolute right. Nor
could a more fallacious doctrine be advanced, than
that the power to regulate the manner of holding
elections qualifies the right of representation. That
power is to enable and advance the right, and was
given to Congress to make it doubly secure. And
it is unconstitutional for practical election laws not
to exist. The constitution creates the office of rep-
resentative, and confers it upon the people of the
State; but the electing power, which makes the offi-
cer, it has left expressly under the jurisdiction of
the State. It is true the terms of eligibility pre-
scribed in the constitution somewhat narrows, nu-
merically, the field of choice; but this is a custom-
ary condition, coeval, aboriginal, and fundamental
with the right itself, and is designed, not to impair
its energy, but to guard it against error and self-
abuse. But, be this as it may, it is a matter be-
tween the constitution and the States. Congress
has no lot or part in the matter.
But, Mr. Speaker, if Congress have the power to
district the States, it has no authority to enjoin it
upon the States to do it, and to suspend the popular
rights upon the contingency of the States obeying
or disobeying its requisition.
It must be borne in mind that there are three par-
ties to this contest—the general government, the
Suite government, and the people of the States; and
that all the duties are on the side of the governments
taken together, and all the rights on the part of the
people. I have shown that the power of Congress
was not to qualify these rights, but to provide for
them an alternative security. Hear Mr. Hamilton,
in the Federalist. It had been said, there was no
necessity for giving this power to Congress, as the
interest of the States to be represented in the nation-
al legislature would afford a perfect security against
their neglecting to provide election laws; Mr. H.
replied:
"I shall not deny that there is a degree of weight
in the observation, that the interest of each State
to be represented in the federal councils will be a
security against the abuse of a power over its elec-
tions in the hands of the State legislatures. But the
security will not be considered as complete by those
who attend to the force of an obvious distinction be-
tween the interest of the people in the public felicity,
and the interest of the local rulers in the power and
consequence of their offices."
The local legislature, without invoking the au-
thority of the people of the State in convention,
might conceive the purpose of perplexing the gen-
eral government in this matter; and it was for this
contingency that the alternative power of Congress
was provided. And it will be unfortunate for the
people if both alternatives have failed—unfortunate,
indeed, if that guaranty which was to be the last
refuge of their rights, should, in its thirst for usurp-
ation, become their first assailant.
Much false reasoning upon this question has
sprung from a misconception of the relation be-
tween the two governments in this particular. The
State government is falsely supposed to be the sub-
ordinate to the national government. It is the na-
ture of subordinate power that it stand between the
primary power and the object, and bear to its pri-
mary an executive and instrumental relation. Such
is not the case here. The two powers are cognate,
coeval, and collateral; they move upon different lines
of action; they are antagonistic, and neither can
control the other, except by a repulsive force. The
law of Congress could not displace that of the
legislature of the State, except by supplanting it;
and it could not supplant the law of the State, be-
cause it was not an act addressed to the people of
the State. How could it be a law for the people,
when they could not do what the law required?
The people could not make the districts, nor could
they exert any other than a mere moral influence to
make the legislature do it. When the act of the
27th Congress passed, districts were political mill-
entities m the State of New Hampshire; and, in the
nature of things, there can be no law respecting
nonentities, except as addressed to creative power;
which power, in this case, could Jie none other than
the legislature of New Hampshire. Suppose I
should argue that the act of the 527th Congress, like
other laws of the Union, addressed itself to the
national executive, whose duty it is to "take care
that the laws be faithfully executed;" and insist
that it was the intention of Congress that the Presi-
dent should send surveyors and statisticians into the
State of New Hampchire; and, in contempt of the
local authorities, lay off the State into districts: how
would this reasoning be evaded? I see no way
but the following: It could be replied, "that, al-
though the execution of the laws of the Union did
naturally and properly belong to the executive
of the Union; yet, in the present case, inasmuch as
the President had no authority to do that which the
law required, it is not reasonable to suppose Con-
gress looked to him for its execution. The fair pre-
sumption is, that Congress looked to some function-
ary competent to do what was required." That is
the fair presumption; and there is but one such func-
tionary—the State legislature. And be the language
of the law framed as it may, it is vain to deny the
truth, that its direct purpose and intent was to in-
duce action in the State legislatures. What right
has Congress, after intrusting its duties to special le-
gislative agents of its own choice, to attempt to sup-
ply a deficient control over those agents, by making
hostages of the rights of the citizen? But let us pass
on to another view of this subject.
Let it be admitted that the State legislatures are,
in this matter, subordinate to the general govern-
ment, and under a direct obligation to execute its
will; or let it be admitted that the act of the 27th
Congress is addressed to the people of the States,!
and prescribes a rule of action for them: still I con-
tend that act is void, for want of constitutionality;
and this I make out by no subtlety of doctrine. ■
Its truth rests upon the broadest feature of our insti-
tutions.
I lay down the proposition that it is unconstitu-
tional/or the people to be left wUhout election Imps; and
that any legislation, State or federal, that should
abolish such laws, would produce an unconstitutional
state of things. "The legislative authority is incapa-
ble of annihilation." The existence of the living
agencies of government depends upon the existence
of such laws; and no powers of government can
ever be permitted to work self-slaughter. But it is
my purpose to take a somewhat more general view
of things.
In England, and almost every other country,
sovereignty and government are blended in one;
and with regard to every law, the government has a
legal discretion to make it or not make it, according
to the pleasure of government; and, when made, to
repeal, or not repeal, as it may think proper.' How
immensely different is the state of things in Amer-
ica. Here there is an institution called convention,
which is supreme over the government; and, from
this convention, there proceeds a system of laws
called constitution, investing government with all
its powers, and prescribing for it rules of conduct
which it has no liberty to disobey. Usually the le-
gislature is clothed with a liberal discretion as to
powers committed to its charge. But, then, some-
times the constitution commands certain laws to be
made; and, m reference to such laws, the legislature
has no discretion to make them or not to make them
or not make them at its pleasure; and, in making
them, acquires no discretion to abolishthem or not,
as it may think proper. The constitution has said
they shall be, and government has no discretion to
say they shall not be. *It had no discretion to leave
them unmade, nor has it any discretion to unmake
them when made. 1 shall, of course, be under-
stood as speaking of the general thing, a law, and
not of the various forms into which the legislature
may have a discretion to mould it. My meaning is,
that, when, in reference to some vested right of the
citizen, the constitution commands that there be
some law, some law there must be; and it is
unconstitutional for the legislature to declare
there shall be no law. Nor can it produce
by incidence, that which it cannot by positive
decree. Such laws, once made, are no longer
in the, mind of the legislature; they become the
property of the constitution, and are in its keep-
ing and under its guaranty. True, the constitution,
ex propria vigore, could not produce the law; but
when the law is once enacted, the constitution is
able, ex propria vigore, to preserve it alive; and it
holds fast to it with all the energy that inheres in a
vested right. To the citizen, whose personal rights
are concerned, those laws are, to all intents and pur-
poses, laws of charter; and the power to alter^ or
amend them no more confers a power'of revocation
than the power to remodel a charter implies the
power to annul it. -
Laws providing for elections, belong, in the most
emphatic sense, to this class. To the citizen they
are the charter of his most valued rights; and to the
government they are the principle of existence itself.
To tamper with these laws is to put the government
in jeopardy of "life and limb." True, the constitu-
tion has nowhere proclaimed this in direct, positive
terms; but it is everywhere pregnant with the very
instinct, and revolts from an opposite idea; and to
have incorporated in itself such a declaration would
have been as unnatural as for a human being to
make proclamation of his invention to live, or not to
die.
I contend, therefore, that whatever unlimited con-
trol the Congress might rightfully have over the
State legislatures in this matter, it possesses no au-
thority to abolish their election laws; since, to abol-
ish these laws would be to produce an unconstitu-
tional state of things; and no act of Congress pro-
ducing such a state of things could possibly be valid
or binding; on the contrary, it would be, itself, but
a part of that state of things; and what it could not
