tfi
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
this bill, by special order, that he had chosen to bring
it in on leave, -with a view that it might be printed,
and. referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads; because, the bill being- long and con-
taining many provisions relating to intricate and
difficult subjects, it would be more convenient and
agreeable to the other members of the committee to
have an opportunity to examine it carefully in their
chambers m a printed form, before they gave their
formal consent to its details; although, while he had
been engaged in preparing the bill, the committee
had several times conferred upon the subject, and
there appeared to be a general concurrence in their
views. And besides, he expected, when the bill
should be returned from the committee, it would be
accompanied by a written report, and therefore it
was better that they should have it in a printed form
at once.
Mr. M. said, while he was up, as this was a sub-
ject just now exciting some interest in the Senate,
and in the country, he would briefly state what were
the general features of the bill. The first and lead-
ing feature (said Mr. M.) is a large reduction of all
the rates of postage charged under the existing laws,
viz: I propose by this bill that there shall be charged
in future upon all letters in manuscript, not exceed-
ing one-half of an ounce in weight, five cents for
transporting them any distance, not more than one
hundred miles, and ten cents for all greater distances;
and double those rates for letters exceeding half an
ounce in weight, and not exceeding three-quarters
of an ounce; and for all letters exceeding three-
quarters of an ounce in weight, and not exceeding
one ounce, treble those rates, and so on. It is further
proposed to alter the rates of newspaper postage, so
as to allow all of them, under a certain reasonable
size, to circulate free of all charge for postage within
the county where printed, and to be charged with
one-half cent for being conveyed by mail, less than
a hundred miles, and beyond the limits of the
county in which printed; and one cent for any great-
er distance; and imposing additional burdens upon
those excessively large sheets which of late have
so greatly incumbered the mails. By another pro-
vision of the bill, the mode of charging postage upon
pamphlets, magazines, and other printed matter, is
proposed to be altered, and the charge to be made
in future upon all such matter by weight, instead of
by the sheet; and the old rates are proposed to be
considerably reduced. So much for rates of post-
age. The bill also proposes to abolish the franking
privilege as it now exists, and in place thereof
to require all the postage on correspondence
on government account to be paid out of the
contingent funds of the several bureaus and
departments properly chargeable therewith; and
to allow members of Congress, as a privilege
which it could not be proper to take from
their constituents, to receive all letters, peti-
tions, memorials, &c., which their constituents may
be pleased to send them, free of postage; and also
to cause them to be furnished by the Post Office De-
partment with a certain specified and Limited number
of free stamps or envelops, by which means all
abuses of the nature now complained of will be cer-
tainly and effectually prevented, and the freedom of
intercommunication between the members of Con-
gress and their constituents will be preserved for all
beneficial purposes. An effort is also made, in ad-
dition to the persuasive effect of the great reduction
of the rates of charges, to put an end, by suitable
penal enactments, to the great and alarming frauds
upon the legitimate revenues of the Post Office De-
partment, now so frequently perpetrated by the pri-
vate expresses established upon all, or almost all,
the most productive of the post-routes in the coun-
try. This is indispensably necessary, or the reve-
nues will continue to dimmish until the establish-
ment will become an annua! charge upon the gene-
ral treasury, too heavy to be borne.
I have given, at this time, tins brief synopsis of the
leading features of this bill, that both the Senate and
country may at once see the general scope of my
own views upon this interesting subject, and those
of the other members of the committee, so far as I
have yet been able to collect them; and to the end
that we may be further enlightened upon the sub-
ject by any suggestions which gentlemen here, or
an intelligent public, may see proper to make before
the time for final action upon the subject. That ma-
terial and important reforms must be made, and that
speedily, in this branch of the public service, is now
apparent to all; and I sincerely hope the plan I have
proposed will in the main prove effectual, and satis-
factory to the Senate and to the country; or, if it
does not now appear to be so, that it will be so alter-
ed and modified, during its progress through this
body, as to be made to answer these very desirable
ends. The bill was then read, and referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
On motion, by Mr. UPHAM, it was ordered that
the petition of James Smalley, agent for a regiment
of Vermont militia, praying for remuneration for
services in defending Plattsburgh, be taken from
the files of the Senate and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
NAVAL HOSPITAL FUND.
Mr. BAYAED, on leave, introduced a joint reso-
lution authorizing the investment of the naval hos-
pital fund; which was read twice, and referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
CONSULS.
Mr. SEMPLE introduced the following resolu-
tion; which, under the rule, lies one day on the
table, viz:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to cause to be pommunicated to the
Senate—
1. A list of all the consuls, vice-consuls, and com-
mercial agents, now in the service of the United
States, together with the country and particular port
or place at which they reside.
2. Whether all the consuls, vice-consuls, and
commercial agents aforesaid, have made regular
returns of the fees and perquisites which they
have received, and of the tonnage and commerce of
the United States within their respective consulates
or agencies, according to th#instructions of the Sec-
retary of State.
3. The amount of fees and perquisites which
such consuls, vice-consuls, and commercial agents,
have received during the years 1842 and 1843, as far
as returns have been received.
4. The number of vessels and the a mount of ton-
nage of the United States which entered and cleared
within each of the consulates and agencies aforesaid
during the year 1842 and the year 1843, as far as
returns have been received. And also the number
of seamen belonging to the United States that have
been provided for and sent home from each of the
said consulates during the time aforesaid.
On motion by Mr. RIVES, it was ordered that
the petition of the administrator of Colonel William
Grayson, for a commutation of pay, be taken from
the files of the Senate and referreu to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. HANNEGAN presented a memorial from
numerous citizens of Indiana, praying that the west-
ern armory may be established at Pittsburg, In-
diana: referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WOODBURY presented a petition from Eliz-
abeth Colburn, of Hebron, New Hampshire, pray-
ing for a pension; which was refeired to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
DISTRICT BILLS.
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported a bill providing that one
of the judges of the circuit court for the District of
Columbia shall hereafter reside in the city of Alex-
andria; and a bill to incorporate the Georgetown
college, in the District of Columbia; which bills
were read, and ordered to a second reading.
CHEROKEE CLAIMS.
Mr. FAIRFIELD said that a few days ago the
committee on printing had reported in favor of
printing a report from the War Department, on the
subject of the awards by the board established for
the adjustment of claims under the Cherokee treaty;
and that report was confirmed by the Senate. He
moved to reconsider the vote by which it ^vas or-
dered to be printed. The vote was reconsidered.
Air. JARNAGIN said that report was made in
answer to a resolution he had the honor of submit-
ting. He. took upon himself the labor of looking
over that report since it was ordered to be printed,
and so far as he had any object in view, in making
the call upon the department by resolution, it was
a matter of little consequence whether the report was
printed or not. The information asked for was not
given. The report seemed to be made up of a cor-
respondence, conducted in the most formal, diplo-
matic style, between the Secretary and the board
of commissioners, as to the propriety of appointing
an assistant clerk to the board, and the relative
powers of each to effect that object. The Sec-
retary of War, in his report, says that the
board of commissioners under the late Cherokee
treaty, organized 5th September, 1842, has cost
$11,839 13; that the amount adjudicated, as far as
communicated to the department, is $26,836 10—of-
which $16,306 16 are held not to have been within
the jurisdiction of the commissioners, or suspended
for other causes. This leaves remaining $10,530—
of which $2,970 62.have been paid, 'lhe state-
ment furnished by the Second Auditor shows the
items of which the sum of $10,530 is composed.
They are awards made in fourteen cases, and in fa-
vor of agents and attorneys; and the Senate is left
ignorant of the amounts awarded the claimants re-
spectively. Now, he (Mr. J.) could not, and would
not, ask the government to pay the expenses of
printing such a mass of trash as was furnished to
the Senate, when the information asked was with-
held from the report.
Mr. KING made some inquiry of the chairman
of the Printing Committee as to the reason for re-
considering the vote on printing.
Mr. FAIRFIELD said, when he had first exam-
ined the report, he was in favor of printing it; but,
on a more particular examination of its contents, he
had come to the conclusion that the public interests
did not require that it should be printed.
Mr. JARNAGIN said his remarks were intended
to show that there was no necessity to print the re-
port. He could have access to it, if he wanted to
answer the ends he desired; but he could submit a
resolution hereafter, and get a report from the de-
partment not half so voluminous. They certainly did
not want to have printed, at an enormous expense to
the public, a voluminous correspondence as to the
appointment of (he would not say a relative of the
Secretary) an assistant clerk to the board.
On motion by Mr. KING, the question of print-
ing the report was recommitted to the committee.
THE COMPROMISE ACT.
Mr. EVANS moved that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of the unfinished business of Fri-
day, being the resolution reported from the Com-
mittee on Finance, for the indefinite postponement
of the bill introduced by the senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. McDuffie,] to reduce gradually the
rates of duties under the present tariff to the stand-
ard of the compromise act—that is, an ad valorem du-
ty of twenty per cent.
Mr. EVANS addressed the Senate for two
hours, in answer to the remarks made by Mr. Mc-
Duffie on Friday. He commenced by acknowledg-
ing the reluctance with which he entered into the
subject of the tariff question so prematurely; not for
want of a proper appreciation of its importance, but
on account of the necessity which he was under of
going over and over details and arguments perfectly
familiar to the public, and which had been so fully and
ably investigated and discussed when the present tariff
was adjusted. He had heard the same arguments
last session from the Senator from South Carolina,
[Mr. McDuffie,] that he advanced on the present
occasion, and had replied to them then, as he should
be obliged to reply to them now. There was noth-
ing new to be said on either side. They had to
treat of topics wholly exhausted. It was therefore
no wonder that he should enter vipon the subject re-
luctantly. But as it had been forced upon the Senate,
he felt bound to reiterate the arguments he had made
use of last session, (founded on facts and truths that
never varied, m reply to the theories and assertions of
the senator from South Carolina. The first topic of
that senator's remarks lie should address himself to,
was that of the exceeding injustice of levying the
whole of the revenue for the general government on
imposts—a thing which the senator asserted was
done by no other government in the civilized world.
He (Mr. E.) insisted that no parallel could be drawn
between this government and that of England, or
the other countries mentioned by the senator; be-
cause the people of this country have to support
two governments—tlieirgeneral government and their
State governments. The one derived its revenue from
customs, and the other from excise; but, if both
these revenues were put together, it would be found
that the duties on imports, collected by the general
government, would bear about the same proportion
to the whole amount of taxes paid by the people to
the State governments and general government,
which the duties on imports in England bear to the
whole of the taxation of England. The next argu-
ment of the Senator from South Carolina was,
that the law of 1842 did not impose a tariff
for revenue, but for protection; in support of
which he took the effect on each article subject to
duty, separately considered. This he (Mr. Evans)
