188
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Bowlin.
H. of Reps.
fact that, by a strict party action, they have
decided, and published that decision to the world,
by which they are bound, that they have settled and
adjudicated, in secret conclave, that w;e, and the
States we represent,' have no rights upon- this
floor. They talk about repudiating the intro-
duction of party politics into this grave con-
stitutional question, when every one of them stands
convicted of prejudging the question, by the
strictest adherence to party tactics. Sir, with this
paper in my hand, (the protest,) does any man doubt
that I can pronounce, in advance, the decision of
every gentleman whose name is appended to it? Is
any one so blind as to suppose tliey dare reverse
their published decision, though the eloquence of
angels were employed to convince them of their er-
ror?. They dare not do it, even if they were con-
vinced; for they have sent it forth in obedience to
those party behests which they pretend to repudi-
ate; and they dare not retract the opinion, at the ex-
pense of political consistency. Such, sir, is the po-
sition of that portion of our judges who have to
pass upon our rights; who, to conceal their own
acts, and mislead the public judgment, are clamor-
ous about party organization, and party interference
in this grave constitutional question. Sir, is it not
an insult, in terms, to the States and their represent-
atives here, for our sworn triers, regardless of their
hi£h duty to themselves and to their country, to ad-
judicate our rights in conclave by a party test, in ad-
vance of a hearing, and then turn round and taunt
us with the charge that we are making it a party
question? The defence bf our rights ^before such
judges is a mockery of justice; and they know it.
We had as well appeal to the marble pillers here,
as to triers who had prejudged our case, and bound
themselves1, by the tie of political faith to each other,
to adhere to and maintain that decision, at the haz-
yard of open and public apostacy to their mutual
faith and friends. Now, sir, I charge that not one
of the fifty-nine signers to that judgment of expul-
sion dared to vote for us to retain our seats; while I
as boldly charge that these repudiators of party ac-
tion could not point out a member on this side of
the House who had not committed himself in a
speech, and say how they would vote. Besides,
sir, on this side of the House we are split. We
have democrats speaking; for us and against us. Not
so on the other side. They have signed the unholy
covenant, and must not allow themselves to think of
departing from its behests. In view of these facts,
he would ask, who wore the drilled victims of party
discipline? Were they those whose opinions were held
in abeyance until they heard the case, and were
called upon, in a constitutional form, to pronounce
judgment? or were they those who, in obedience to
painty drill, had decided in advance, and published
their mutual opinion to the world to prejudice the
case, and forestall legitimate acuon upon the ques-
tion' The public will decide this question, and the
sincerity of the gentlemen in their clamors about
party.
Now, with regard to this extraordinary document,
I have but a word to say, as to its slanders, applied
to that State which I have the honor in part to repre-
sent. If its authors intended to charge the people of
Missouri, with the perpetration of acts, "lawless and
esssentially revolutionary in their character," or of
sanctioning "a legal fraud upon the nation" by send-
ing their legitimate quota of representatives to this
House, I can tell them that their charge is unfound-
ed and nothing more nor less than a calumny upon
the people. Such, sir, is not the character of the peo-
ple of Missouri. They are a law-loving, a law-abiding
people. The people of no State m this Union can
boast more genuine patriotism—more loyalty to the
institutions of our common country. But 1 can tell
the authors of that protest, what more they are.
They are a people who loved their State, her
rights, and her cherished institutions; and while
they would commit aggressions on none, they had
firmness enough to resist aggressions, come from
what quarter they might. And the efforts of your
twenty-seventh Congress, to perpetuate its power
by an invasion of the elective franchise, if I am not
much mistaken, will prove harmless before the ener-
gy and firmness of such a people.
But, again sir, they all tell us of the solemnity of
the question we are railed upon to decide; and with
grave and measured tones of solemn import, talk
about their reverence for the constitution, and the
unpleasant, but imperative duty these prejudging
triers have to perform. Sir, they will pardon me if
I doubt the sincerity of their professed devotion to the
constitution, The people love the constitution. The
people are sincerely devoted to the constitution, not
as the plastic thing that these professed worshippers
would have it, to stretch or contract itself to every
political emergency, but as the stern, fixed, and un-
yielding organic law of seventeen millions of free-
men. Short as has been. my political life here, it
has been long enough to teach me that this is not the
best school to learn proper veneration for that sacred
instrument. In the hands of its professed wor-
shippers, , on the other side, it is too pliable an in-
strument. In such hands, it is equal to every emer-
gency, by contraction; and to the invasion of every
reserved right of the States, in expansion. Their
appeals to it are too frequent, and upon too trivial
occasions, for us not to doubt the sincerity of their
professions by the test of their practice, invoking it
to almost every point of order raised on this floor.
Besides, sir, the history of the rise of parties in
this country does not place the gentlemen on that
side in the position of being the peculiar guardians
of the constitution. In the convention that framed
the constitution, two parties, with their respective
antagonistical doctrines, prevailed—the aristocratic
and the democratic. For a long time there was a
contest for the ascendency, and at, last the demo-
cratic party prevailed, and stamped upon the instru-
ment the impress of their own principles. Its origin
was essentially democratic. The minority yielded
to the force of circumstances, but not their political
faith. They rallied after its adoption; and, under
the guise of proclaiming themselves the peculiar
and devoted friends of the constitution, have con-
stantly endeavored so to- warp its powers as to bring
it into disrespect before the people. They have con-
stantly endeavored to engraft upon it, by inference,
what they failed to engraft upon the instrument it-
self. In the convention, they failed to engraft upon
the constitution the power to create corporations and
protect manufactures, yet, by inference—unwar-
rantable inference—they have long since claimed
and exerted these powers. Not content with
these invasions of the constitution, the fiat next
goes forth, from the boasted embodyment of
whig principles, and the champion of whig doc-
trines, that the conservative .power of the veto—the
power reserved to protect the country from hasty
and unguarded legislation—must itself be put down;
must be rendered up a sacrifice at the shrine of
a party triumph. Sir, in that struggle, as he would
presently show, this famous law, which was to
strike at the elective franchise itself, had its origin.
If the President and his constitutional power of the
veto were to form restraints upon a party flushed
with victory, after a long absence from power, in
carrying on their favorite measures, it became ap-
parent that the President was to be crushed, and
the veto power, through his agency, was to be
brought into disgrace with the American people.
The war upon the veto has become a matter of
history. It originated with the famous twenty-sev-
entli Congress, and constituted one amongst their
many attempts at invasion of the constitution. It
staited with the extra session, and only ceased when
the people put thsir veto upon the assailants, by
hurling them from power
The census was taken in 1840, and the apportion-
ment of representatives, in order to harmonize with
the elections, should have been made at the earliest
possible period of the coming in of the new Con-
gress. This was not done; and though Congress
sat through the summer of 1841, and the following
winter and summer of 1842, yet this apportionment
bill could not be passed, until upon tile very verge
of the summer and fall elections of 1849; and then
with a provision that could not be complied with,
without a convening of the legislative bodies, for
which there was no time left. During this whole
delay, the war was kept up fiercely upon the veto
power; and this second sectior—never designed, as I
solemnly believe, to become a law by its originatoi s—
was lugged in as auxiliary to the veto battle. I treat
it as a whig measure, a whig scheme; and I am
not to be driven from my position, with the decla-
ration, so repeatedly reiterated from the other side,
that a democrat originated or sustained it, though
notoriously fighting against the whole body of his
party. The honorable gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. A. V. Brown] had ably and beautifully illus-
trated the position of the parties on this question,
and particularly that of the honorable gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Campbell,] who, he told
us, having joined the cohorts of the enemy on this
question, was soon made a leader to do battle
against his friends.
, Cotemporary with this act, the 27th Congress had
gained an unenviable distinction before the country
for uniting, in the same bill, incongruous measures,
to secure the -benefit of a veto, and aid them in their
crusade against that power.
The apportionment bill was before the House, and
had to pass in some shape preparatory to the ap-
proaching elections. It had been held back until, if it
were checked by a veto, its place could not be sup-
plied, and the whole summer and fall elections of
1842 would have been utterly stopped; and it would
constitute a fine theme of denunciation against the
President and the veto that they had destroyed the
elections. It was notorious that the President en-
tertained opinions that rendered it wholly incom-
patible with the history of his political life, that he
could have sustained a measure so invasive of the
rights of the States and the freedom of elections.
Hence this mandamus clause, or declaration of ab-
stract principles—for gentlemen may have it either
way—was tacked on to the apportionmentbill, with
which it had about as much connexion as it would
have had, had it been tacked on to the tariff or bank
bill. This new organic law—this abstract princi-
ple, as some were pleased to call it—could not be
trusted alone as a separate act. Oh! no; the Presi-
dent's veto would have saved the constitution from
this violence, and the people would have applauded
the act. It Could only be fastened upon a bill, the
passage of which was necessary to the continued
harmonious existence of the government.
But I had said the whig party who passed the
act, in my opinion, never designed it to become a
law. Now for the proof: and I would here lay it
down as an incontrovertible axiom that when we
obtain what we demand as a right, we rarely cavil
about the reluctance with which it is yielded. The
27th Congress passed the bill; the President, contra-
ry to general expectation, signed and approved it;
but, to reconcile an apparent inconsistency in his
political history, wrote out his explanations, and
filed them for posterity. By the signature of the
President, the act was completed; and volumes of
explanation could not have changed it. Yet, sir,
when the approval of that bill was announced in this
House, what was the conduct of the whig party?
Did they .manifest pleasure that the President had
accommodated them by the approval of a favorite
measure? No, sir; but the very reverse. You were
probably a spectator to the scene that ensued upon
this announcement of the President's approval-—a
scene, if the chronicles of the day be true, which
would almost baffle description. The President was
assailed by almost every species of invective. He
was denounced under the pretext that his explana-
tion—a private property, a mere memorandum of
the history of a transaction, to do justice to his mem-
ory in after times—was some great political inva-
sion; but, in reality, because he approved their bill,
and cut off their great scheme of warfare upon the
veto. I am puzzled to understand how gentlemen
could contemplate the history of this act, and bring
their minds to any other conclusion.
But, sir, the act was passed; it had unexpectedly
become a law; their steps could not be retraced; the
States whose rights it was designed to invade, had
met the crisis nobly, and had denounced the act and
its authors with a unanimity of sentiment that gave
the Whig party no countenance in those quarters.
They had nothing to hope for from the States whose
rights they had so ruthlessly invaded; and acting
upon the principle that, where they could not soothe,
they must destroy, they followed it up by an act
which must forever stand a monument of eternal
disgrace to the legislation of the country. The Presi-
dent alone saved the statute book from the disgrace
of this arbitrary act. Sir, ill direct, palpable, and
undisguised violation of the constitution, they passed
an act, in effect, taking from this House their consti-
tutional right to judge of the rights and qualifications
of its own membeis, and investing this power m a
clerk, (the creaturcof their own making,) who was,
in effect, to decide who should have a voice m voting
him again into office. If they had no regard for the
rights of the sovereign States of this Union—if they
had no regard for the elective franchise—if they had
no regard for the constitution, they should have had
some regard to the delicacy of the position of their
own clerk, in making hirn the sole tribunal to pass
upon the rights of voters in his own election.
Sir, such is the origin and progress of this cele-
brated act in the 27th Congress—a Congress distin-
guished for its aggressions upon the rights of the
States. But it was not necessary for me to pro-
nounce judgment upon the acts of that Congress.
The people Tiad already done it; and their judgment
