Feb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB&
189
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Bowlin.
H. of Reps.
was shown in the complexion of this House. In-
deed, the honorable gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Caleb Smith] has virtually admitted their con-
demnation by the people, when he takes his appeal
for their justification from their cotemporaries to
history. There was great discretion in that appeal;
for, to" undertake their defence new, when their acts
were fresh in the minds of the people, would be a
Herculean task, t® which few men in this country
would be equal. But I will leave that Congress,
with their bill for remedial justice, their bank bill,
their fiscal agency bill, their distribution bill, their
debt-expunging law, their tariff act, and their man-
damus act, to the judgment of impartial history.
And now, sir, in taking leave of the 27th Con-
gress, and the protest of its successors, permit me
to make an appeal to the honorable gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Barnard,] to waive the act of
limitations, and permit the honorable gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Caleb Smith,] and the honora-
ble gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Dickinson,] to
attach their names to that document, which they so
deeply regret not being here to sign, and thereby
win all the immortality which such an act can con-
fer; and, as the honorable gentleman from Vir-
ginia, on the same side, [Mr. Newton,] has seen
enough in this prejudging a cause for trial to regret
it, that he be. permitted to withdraw his name, and
place himself in the proud position of being bold
enough, even against party trammels, to correct an
error when discovered. He hoped the gentleman
from New* York would grant this indulgence, and
afford another illustration to the world of the ran-
cor and despotism of a party professedly the re-
pudiators of party.
But, sir, to come to the question of the validity
and binding effect of this law. Two questions arise.
1st. Is the law constitutional, and made in con-
formity to the letter and spirit of the delegated pow-
ers in that instrument? 2d. If Congress has the
power to interfere in the manner proposed in the
second section of the apportionment act, has it so
interfered as to make a law of binding force and
effect?
The constitution says:
"The times, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions for senators and representatives, shall be pre-
scribed m each State by the legislature thereof; but
Congress may at any tune, by law, make or alter
such regulations, except as to the place of choosing
senators."
Now, m applying principles of construction to
this constitution, we must ever keep in mind that it
is a government of confederated sovereign States, of
limited powers, conferred by the States for exprpss
purposes; that Congress, unlike the British Parlia-
ment, is not to be deemed omnipotent, but is the
creature rf express chartered privileges and immu-
nities, beyond which they cannot go; and that the
test of the constitutionality of an act of Congress
is not, as assumed iu the minority report, that it is
not in opposition to the constitution, but that it
must be in conformity to the authority thereby
granted, to render it constitutional. The minority
report lays down the position, as the basis of then-
constitutional argument, that "a law not in opposi-
tion to the constitution, it is difficult to conceive to
be an unconstitutional law"—a doctrine which,
when applied to a confederated government of
limited powers, becomes a perfect absurdity. The
assumption of such a principle of construction at
once blots out all idea of State sovereignty, resolves
us into a consolidated government, and extends to
Congress almost unlimited authority. The States,
possessed of original sovereignty, may do all acts,
through their legislatures, not prohibited by a con-
stitutional restraint; and hence the argument might
lie sound, as applied to them, that a law not in op-
position to the constitution is constitutional. But,
when the attempt to apply such a doctrine to a gov-
ernment not of oiigmal sovereignty, but one of
granted and limited powers, conferred for express
and specified purposes, the doctrine becomes too
absurd to merit serious consideration.
I only notice this argument in the minority report,
because it constituted the very basis upon which
they erected their whole superstructure; and it being
grossly erroneous in principle, the whole mxist come
down together. The premises heing wrong, the de-
ductions from them must inevitably follow their fate,
and the whole be exploded.
Then, holding as I do, that the true and only
rule of testing the constitutionality of ail act of Con-
gress, was to ascertain whether it was in conformi-
ty to any one of the granted powers thereii specified,
lie should proceed by this rule, to investigate the
claims of this celebrated second section to constitu-
tional authoiity.
The second section of the act of Congress appor-
tioning representatives amongst the several States,
provides: "that in every case where a State is enti-
tled to more than one representative, the number to
which each State shall be entitled under this appor-
tionment shall be elected by districts composed of
contiguous territory, equal in number to the number
of representatives to which said State may be enti-
tled—no one district electing more than one represen-
tative."
The true issue presented here is, whether Con-
gress can, constitutionally, either district the States or
imperatively demand of the States to district them-
selves? And in the investigation of this question, it
will become necessary to inquire first—whether
Congress has power, to interfere with the elections at
all, in the absence of any contingency that requires
their interposition? Secondly, if they have, do the
terms, "time, place, or manner," or either of them,
include, necessarily, authority to district the States?
And thirdly, if it does, does it necessarily result,
from such authority, that Congress can legislate
upon the States in their sovereign capacity, and
command them to do the act, instead of completing
the execution of the power itself?
In the first place, the power to regulate the elec-
tions is reserved to the States; and, by the express
terms of the constitution, it is made imperative upon
the legislatures to prescribe these regulations; and
the power to make or alter such regulations was only
ultimately given to the general government—not as a
means or harassing the States, by invasions upon their
domestic policy, and unwarrantable intermeddling
in their elections, but simply as the self-preserving
power in the government, to be exerted only when
the contingency arose, to pieserve the system from
destruction, by the inability or refusal of the States
to elect. Without this power in the last resort,
this government would have held its conceded au-
thority by too frail a tenure. With it, in the first
instance, and a direct control over the elective fran-
chise, the reserved rights of the States would have
been a mere mockery. This power had to be
lodged somewhere; and to give it exclusively to
either, it was liable to be made the means of the
destruction of the other. The States (the original
proprietors of the power) retained it in the compro-
mise; conferring upon the other only the power to
use it, when they failed, refused, or were unable to
exercise it. This was the basis of the compromise.
And with any other understanding, it is clearly
proved, by the contemporaneous history, that the
constitution never could have been adopted. So
cautious were the States to preserve this construc-
tion of the clause in question, that seven of the thir-
teen declared it in more elaborate and express terms;
and enjoined upon their representatives, as a perpet-
ual instruction, never to attempt to exert the power
but in the contingencies enumerated. In the de-
bates upon the adoption of the constitution—in the
numbers of the Federalist recommending it to the
people for adoption—in every subsequent writer
upon the constitution, the same rule of construction
is observed. Yet, sir, in the face of all these high
authorities, the 27fh Congress, in their ambition to
perpetuate their power at the hfizard of the institu-
tions of the country, have madly stricken them nil
down, and erected a new standard more compatible
with their assumptions of authority.
In the second place, sir, if they had technically
the power, against the spirit of the constitution, what
does that power confer? To make or alter regula-
tions as to time, place, and manner of elections. It
will not be pretended that the authority arises fiom
any other portion of the clause, save, that of ma-
king or altering the regulations as to "manner."
Now, sir, broad as is this term "manner," I utterly
deny that it is broad enough, under the constitution,
to embrace the question of districting. The power
of districting the States for the election of members
of Congress, is a domestic power, and belongs ex-
clusively to the States. The States, under the con-
stitution, are entitled, as States, to their respective
quota of representatives upon this floor; and, as far
as this government is concerned, each leg.il voter in
the State has a perfect and undeniable right to vote for
each representative from such State. But it is com-
petent for the people of a State to argree amongst
themselves, throueh their representatives m the leg-
islature, to divide" the State, so that the. voters of
the sevetal portions or sections of the State.may
vote for their respective representatives, and avoid
voting for each of the others, under penalties' and
restraints, conventional among themselves: ■ This
view of the subject is sustairiea by every' clause of
the constitution that touches upon the subject!* The
constitution, in the -first place, (section 2d) says:
"The House of Representatives shall be" cohiposed
of members chosen every second year by the people
of the several Statesnot by sectional divisions^ nor
a portion of the representatives by a separate portion
of the people; but the whple representatives bythe
people of the States. And again, in the same Section,
it declares that "representatives and direct taxes shall
be apportioned among the several States;1' not'appor-
tioned to sectional divisions of portions of the peo-
ple of the States, but to the States themselves. The
same section also provides that the proportion of
representatives to each State shall not exceed one for
every thirty thousand inhabitants, and, until an
enumeration should be made, thaUfce State of New
Hampshire should be] entitled to choose three, &c.,
throughout the State. The basis of the number of
representatives to which the State was entitled, was
one for every thirty thousand; not that every thirty
thousand people should send a representative, but
that the State should send as many as would be
equal to one for every thirty thousand, Thus, from
the wording of the constitution, it is already shown
that the idea of representation is constantly asso-
ciated with the people of the States, and not (as gentle-
men would have it) the people regardless of State
limitations.
Besides, sir, the power given in the last resort to
Congress, to make or alter regulations of election,
was a power to operate upon the police of the elec-
tions only, and not a power to strike at the founda-
tion of the elective franchise itself. Concede for a
moment that Congress can district the States for the
election of its own members, and you surrender
enough to enable it to perpetuate its power forever.
Suppose, "by way of illustration, Missouri is entitled
to five representatives, with a popular democratic
majority of about nine thousand votes, and a fede-
ral Congress in power wished to district her, so as
to give, a federal preponderance in the representa-
tion: all they have to do is to make two large
democratic districts to exhaust this enormous ma-
jority, and secure three federal representatives. And
this is not a picture of the mere fancy, for the dis-
tricts are not bound to be equal at all, so that they
secure the State her quota of representatives accord-
ing to her numbers. Thus you see at once how
the popular voice might be suppressed by assuming
for Congress such an extraordinary power over the
elective franchise. To regulate the police of the
eiefctions is one thing; to restrain and limit the right
of the voter is another: the one is partially harm-
less in its exercise; the other strikes at the root of
liberty itself. Surrender to Congress the unre-
strained exercise of this power, and the States may
preserve to themselves the shadow of their former
sovereignty, but the substance has forever fled.
The boasted liberty of the people, where it comes in
conflict with'this unrestrained will of Congress, will
exist only in fancy.
But gentlemen ask, with an air of triumph, if the
phrase "regulating the manner of elections'" does not
apply to districting the States, to what it does apply?
Sir, I will tell them. It applies simply to the police
regulations of conducting elections; to the manner
of making out the poll-books and keeping the polls,
appointing judges of election and prescribing their
powers, and how they should make returns; how
the votes should be collected, whether by ballot or
otherwise; and all the other mere formulas of the
election, without invading the right of election. For
example, suppose Missouri should captiously refuse
to send representatives here: Congress could then in-
terpose prescribing the manner of conducting the elec-
tions, and directing the election of her quota of rep-
resentatives. But Congress could not say that St.
Louis should elect one representative, and the whole
south and southwest of the State should elect anoth-
er making one vote in St. Louis equal to four or
five in the country; because that would be a gross
and palpable invasion of the franchise itself.
The third ground upon which this act is assumed
to be unconstitutional, is that it attempts to legislate
upon the sovereign States, instead of the people.
That this was the character of the act, I had sup-
posed none were bold enough to dehy; but.in this
I was disappointed—gentlemen on the other side,
conscious of the dilemma into which this concession
would throw them, had attempted to escape k by a
bold denial. But one tiing was apparent in all
their struggles—that, in attempting to avoid Scyltej
