CONGRESSIONAL GLOB&
■ By Mr. McCLELLAND: Petition of sundry
citizens of Monroe, Michigan, for an appropriation
to construct a light-house at that point. Also, a
claim of John Anderson, for payment for depreda-
tions committed by the enemy during the last war.
By Mr. HUBARD: Petition ofMary B. Perry,
el al., heirs of John Donnell: referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions.
By Mr. BOWLIN: Petition of Alwer Harris,
collector of the port of St. Louis, praying to be re-
funded certain moneys paid o\it by him for medi-
cine and attention to the sick on the marine list: re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims. Also, from
Alphonzo Wetmore, claiming back pension for the
time between the date of his wounds and the time
his pension was allowed: referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. DUNCAN: Petition of the steamboat en-
gineers and sundry citizens of Cincinnati, praying
an amendment of that portion of the law of Con-
gress entitled "An act for the better security of the
lives of passengers on board of vessels propelled in
whole or in part by steam," approved July 7,
1838, relative to steam engines, and to institute a
board of examination in each port of entry in the
■western and southwestern States.
By Mr. T. H.SEYMOUR: Petition of Frary Hale
and others, of the town of Gastenbury, Connecticut,
for a reduction of the rates of postage to a uniform
sum of not more than five cents on all letters not
exceeding half an ounce in weight, and for the abo-
lition of the franking privilege: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. BROWN of Indiana: Petition of sundry
citizens of Barthlomew county, Indiana, praying
the establishment of a mail route from Columbus to
West Port, in Decatur county, Indiana.
By Mr. CROSS: Petition of 50 citizens of Clark
county, praying the establishment of a post route
from Rockport, in Hot Spring county, to Presley
Watts's, on the east branch of Tulip Bayou, in the
former county. Also, from Joseph Smally, of Inde-
pendence county, Arkansas, praying the passage of
a law to authorize him to enter a certain tract of
land.
By Mr. J. T. SMITH: Petitions of citizens of
Philadelphia city and county, praying for an appro-
priation for a dry-dock at the navy-yard at said
city: referred to the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. HARPER: Petition of J. B. Cook and
225 others, citizens of Muskingum county, Ohio,
praying for a retrenchment of .the expenditures of
the general government: referred to the Committee
on Retrenchment.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 23, 1844.
RESIGNATION OF MR. SPRAGUE.
The PRESIDENT pro tern, laid befoie the Sen-
ate the following communication; which was read:
To the Hon. Willie P. Mangum, President pro tem. of
the Senate of the United States:
Sir: In consequence of a most painful occur-
rence, I have resigned my seat in the Senate of the
United States, and I herewith respectfully transmit
to you a copy of my letter of resignation to the
General Assembly of the State of Rhode Island,
which is now in session.
In thus taking leave of the Senate, I cannot with-
hold the expression of my grateful acknowledg-
ments for the uniform kindness and courtesy which
I have received on every occasion, and my best and
-warmest wishes for your health and happiness, and
that of every member of the honorable body over
which you preside.
I have the honor to be,
With the highest respect,
Your obedient servant,
WM. SPRAGUE.
Providence, R. I., Jan. 17, 1844.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Senate
a communication from the Navy Department, cover-
ing reports from the Bureaus of Construction and
Repair, and of Provision, of contracts made by
them the last year; which was disposed of by a mo-
tion to print being referred to the Committee on
Printing.
The CHAIR subsequently stated that it was dis-
covered the communication was not signed, and
that there was some other _ informality; and he sug-
gested that the motion to print be reconsidered, and
that the papers be returned to the department, This
suggestipn was agreed to,
Also laid before the Senate a communication from
the War Department, transmitting (in compliance
with the resolution of the Senate of the 11th instant,
calling for the correspondence of General Worth and
other officers, relative to fortifying the keys and
islands around Cape Florida, and the construction
of a railroad across the peninsula of Florida) reports
from the, topographical bureau, adjutant general,
and Clartermaster General, upon the subject: ordered
to lie on the table.
Also, a report from the War Department, giving a
list of the names of all persons employed in the ser-
vice of the Indian Department during the year 1843:
ordered to lie on the table, and a motion to print re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. WHITE presented joint resolutions adopted
by the Legislature of Indiana, instructing the sena-
tors and requesting the representatives from that
State to vote for and use their influence to procure
the passage of a law refunding to Gen Andrew Jack-
son the fine imposed on him at New Orleans, in 1815,
by Judge Hall; and to vote against any proposition
or bill which may be introduced to Congress to as-
sume the State debts by the general government, or
the adoption of what is generally known as William
Cost Johnson's plan for paying the State debts, or in
any manner further to distribute the proceeds of the
sales of the public lands.
Mr. WHITE observed that, in presenting these
joint resolutions, he would avail himself of that oc-
casion to say a few words on the question of the
right of instruction. He was clearly and conclu-
sively convinced that the legislative body was not
the organ of the will of the State which he repre-
sented. He was ever ready to obey the mandates
of the legislature, if it could be conclusively shown
that it represented the will of the people; but, consti-
tuted as it was by the recent election, he was not
prepared to obey those mandates. In reference to
the three various subjects upon which himself and
his colleagues had been instructed to vote: he had
nothing to say as to the propriety or impropriety of
the fine imposed upon General Jackson. That was
a mere matter of political discussion, into which he
'did not wish, at that time, to enter. The mere resto-
ration of the money did not, in itself, involve any
question of principle in the legislative branch of his
State. He had voted against the bill once; and he
now took tins opportunity to say that he had voted
against it in consequence of the ungracious manner
in which it had been brought forward, and the po-
litical aspect which it had assumed; not from any
desire to refuse justice to a brave and honorable
man.
There remained one more topic—the most impor-
tant of the three. This was, the instructions which
he had received to vote against any appropriation of
the proceeds of the public lands for the purpose of
internal improvement. In this matter he took issue
with the legislature of his State. He would state
the interest which Indiana had in these appropria-
tions. That State had done a great deal, m addi-
tion to the assumption ofherown proper burden, for
the benefit of the court" ry. She had, in the com-
pletion of the Ohio canal, expended millions of dol-
lars. She had nearly connected, by a canal, the Wa-
bash river with the Ohio—a work which now sup-
ports a commerce scarcely second to that of the great
Ohio canal. She had constructed a canal to the valley
ofWhite-water, which is to be extended still further,
and which will be finished in a short time. One branch
of this canal led to Lawrenccburg, and another to
Cincinnati. In addition to that, she had expended
forty millions on other works. All this Indiana
had done for the commerce of the country; and in
executing these works, she had been compelled to
contract debts—ten or eleven millions in all—which
she had not yet been able to meet, but which she had
every prospect of speedily liquidating. The State
of Indiana was pledged and plighted to the distri-
bution of the proceeds of the public lands. Was
it in the power of the legislature to give suitable in-
structions in reference to this subject?
He had only to say that he apprehended the ques-
tion of the disbursement of proceeds of the pub-
lic kinds would not be a question to be voted upon
during the present session of Congres. It was now
in nubibus, and, so far as he knew, there was no
disposition amongst any parties to refer to the sub-
ject at the present session. He should vote upon it
at another time; and it was enough for him to say
that, in fiis humble opinion, befoie that day would
come, another legislature of Indiana would reverse
these instructions, and he would not be driven to
the disagreeable necessity of disobeying them.
Not all the power of any legislaturrcould preveat
him from arguing a question, and; acting '
accordance with those arguments. With the'great-"
est respect for the legislature of the Stats. w%ich"he
in part represented, he had presented these resolu-
tions, disclaiming, in the first place, their right of Ini
struction upon the subject of General Jackson's
fine; in the second place, assuming that no such
freposition as that of the Johnson plan could
e a legitimate subject of legislation; and- thirdly,- •
firmly convinced that the legislature had mistaken
its policy in regard to the distribution of the pro-
ceeds of the public lands. , . - •-
The resolutions having been read, were ordered
to be printed.
Mr. W. also presented four several memorials
from citizens of Indipia and Ohio, praying a grant
of land in the old Yincennes district, for ■ the ex-
tension of the Wabash and Erie canal to the Ohio
river: referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BATES presented a petition from a number
of citizens of Northampton, Massachusetts, praying
for a reduction of the rates of postage: referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, presented resolutions adopted by the Legis-
lature of Massachusetts, on the subject of American
claims for spoliations committed by the French,
prior to 1800, and urging upon Congress the proprie-
ty of making indemnity: referred to the Comfeuttee
on Foreign Relations, and ordered to be printed:
Also, resolutions adopted by the Legislature of
Massachusetts, remonstrating against the annex-
ation of Texas to the United States; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
SLAVE REPRESENTATION.
Mi". BATES also presented a resolution, adopted
by the Legislature of Massachusetts, instructing the
senators and requesting the representatives from that
State to vote for such an amendment to the consti-
tution as will allow only free persons to be repre-
sented; or, in other words, to abrogate slave repre-
sentation. The resolution proposing the amend-
ment was read as follows:
Resolved, That the following amendment to the
constitution of the United States is hereby recom-
mended to the consideration of Congress, to be acted
on according to the fifth article. The third clause
of the second section of the first article shall read in
the words following: Representatives and direct
taxes shall be apportioned among the several States
which are or may be included within this Union,
according to their respective numbers of free per-
sons, excluding Indians not taxed. The actual en-
umeration shall be made within two years from the
date of the adoption of this amendment, in the man-
ner provided by the constitution, and within every
subsequent term of ten years in such manner as the
Congress shall by law direct. The number of rep-
resentatives shall not exceed one for every thirty
thousand, but each State shall have at least one
representative.
Mr. KING said he could but regret that it had be-
come the duty of the honorable senator from Massa-
chusetts to present to the Senate of the United States
a proposition of the Legislature of his State to dis-
solve the Union. Was there a man within the hear-
ing of his voice that believed, for one moment, that
such an amendment could be made; and if it
could be, by any possibility, that the federal Govern-
ment would last for twenty-four hours after it was
made. It is a resolution (said Mr. King)
framed almost identically like that which had
been concocted by inhabitants of Massachusetts in
another period in the history of this government.
It is such as was, during the late war, passed by the
Hartford convention; when a set of—he would not
now characterize them—who, finding the United
States engaged m a war to which they were op-
posed, threw every obstacle in the way of its suc-
cessful prosecution. They met together to embar-
rass the government, and passed resolutions, one of
which was precisely similar to this resolution. That
the General Assembly of Massachusetts should take
up one of those resolutions, after so many attempts
to explain them away, and get clear of the odium
connected with them, and to adopt its very words,
showed a feeling of hostility to an institution which,
if persisted m, was calculated to sap the very found-
ations of the government itself. He regretted—he
could not but regret, as an American citizen—that
the citizens of the South could not be permitted to
repose in the security which they supposed them-
selves to have, under the constitution of the coun-
try. He repeated, that every effort of this
