ISO
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
amendment of the constitution, so as to exclude
slave representation. He wished to present them at
this time, that they might go to the same committee
as the other resolutions were sent to.
The reading was called for.
The Clerk commenced the reading accordingly;
but
Mr. CAMPBELL interposed, and said it was
unnecessary to read further, as he should object
to their reception,
Mr, ADAMS asked for a suspension of the rules,
to enable him to present them. He said the reason
why he asked leave to present them now was, that
such opportunity was not afforded him yesterday—
Massachusetts not having been then called; nor
could he conceive what honorable motive could in-
duce the gentleman from South Carolina now to
object.
Mr. CAMPBELL said he would like to know
what honorable motive the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts could have in now presenting them. The
gentleman from Massachusetts might wait his time.
Mr. ADAMS again called for a suspension of the
rules, and the yeas and nays thereon.
The" yeas and nays-were ordered.
The reading of the resolutions was called for;
and they were read at length.
Mr. SAUNDERS was understood to inquire
whether the resolutions were signed by the Govern-
or of the State of Massachusetts.
Mr. ADAMS replied that they were; and he
added that they were introduced by the leader of the
democratic party in that State.
Mr. SAUNDERS assured the gentleman from
Massachusetts that that information gave him no pain.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL said that he had a ques-
tion to ask the gentleman from Massachusetts,
which he deemed of some importance. He had un-
derstood that the resolution some time since pre-
sented was written by the honorable gentleman
from Massachusetts himself; and he (Mr. C. J. I.)
wished to know whether that gentleman would con-
descend to answer the question whether that was
true or not.
Mr. ADAMS—(suddenly turning from'Mr. I.,
and addressing the Chair:) Mr. Speaker, I' call for
the yeas and nays. [Great laughter, and cries of
"He evades the question."]
The yeas and nays were then taken, and resulted
thus—yeas 50, nays 105.
■ So the rules were not suspended.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid the following executive com-
munications before the House; which were laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed:
1. A lMter from the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, in obedience to a resolution of the
House of the 10th instant, transmitting documents,
showing what cancellation of permits issued under
the act of 4th August, 1842, for the armed occupa-
tion of Florida, have been ordered by him, and ex-
hibiting certain cases in the Newnansville district,
in which tlie applicants have failed to comply with
the provisions of the said act.
2. A letter from the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, submitting a document, showing the
names of every individual who "has" made the ac-
tual settlement required by the first section of the
act of the 4th of August, 1842, providing for the
armed occupation and settlement of Florida.
3. A letter from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting a report prepared under the provisions of the
act of June 30,3834, containing the names, dates
of appointments, and pay of all persons employed
in the service of the Indian Department during the
year 1843.
4. A letter from the Secretary of War, transmitting
a report in answer to the resolution of the House
of the 15th instant, of the amount heretofore ex-
pended in the improvement of the harbor at the
mouth of the Genesee river, in the State of New
York, and the amount necessary to complete the
same.
5. A letter from the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, transmitting a report in answer to the
resolution of this House of the 10th instant, of the
reservations of public lands in Florida, and the time
at which the land offices were officially informed of
said reservations.
6. A letter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting statements of the contracts made by the Bureau
of Ordnance and Hydrograp hy, &.C., prepared in
obedience to the 5th section of the act of April 21,
1808. r
Mr. McKAY offered the following resolutions'
which were agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to make the following inquiries:
1. Whether, in consequence of the reduction of
the rank and file of the army, some of the officers, par-
ticularly the supernumerary lieutenants authorized
by the act of 29th April, 1812, might not be dis-
pensed with;. and also whether so much of said act
as authorizes the appointment of said supernume-
raries should not be either repealed or its operations
suspended until otherwise provided for by law?
2. What is the number of small arms that the
government has now in its arsenals and depots;
what proportion of them are servicable or not, and
if, in the opinion of the committee, the present sup-
ply is equal to what a prudent forecast would re-
quire the government to keep; then to inquire wheth-
er the act of the 23d April, 1808, appropriating
§200,000 annually for the purpose of procuring
arms and equipments for the whole body of the
militia of the United States, might not be repealed
or suspended, and any future issues of arms to the
States for the purpose of arming their militia, be
made of those arms that will be manufactured at the
national armories.
3. Whether the number of cadets to be admitted
into the military academy cannot be reduced, and
fixed so as to furnish no more graduates than will
be sufficient to fill up vacances in the army as they
arise; at the same time making provision for the
admission of a limited number of youths to be edu-
cated, in part, at their own expense.
4. Whether the number of horses for which offi-
cers of the army and the marine corps are allowed
to draw forage, or money in lieu thereof, under ex-
isting laws, cannot be reduced; and, if so, of fixing
the number suitable to a state of peace.
5. Whether there is any occasion for the employ-
ment of wagon masters and forage masters in time
of peace; and, if not, of repealing so much of the
act of , 1838, as authorizes their appointment.
6. That said committee inquire into the expedien-
cy of repealing all laws now in force allowing brevet
pay to officers of the army and the marine corps.
Also, of repealing the laws allowing double rations
to officers of the army and marine corps for com-
manding departments and posts.
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be
instructed to make the following inquiries:
1. Whether it is expedient to provide by law for
a naval peace establishment, designating the number
of vessels, and of officers, petty officers, and seamen,
proper for such an establishment.
2. Whether the complements of crews of vessels
in commission shall not be less in time of peace than
of war; and if so, whether the complements, as fixed
by the existing regulations of the department, might
not be safely reduced.
3. What has been the annual increase in the num-
ber of officers of each grade since the 4th March,
1837; and has it, at any time within that period,
been unnecessarily large; and can the present num-
ber, particularly of the higher grades, as comman-
ders and captains, be reduced with safety.
4. Whether the annual pay of the officers, as fixed
by the act of the 3d of March, 1835, especially of
those employed on shore, on leave of absence, or
waiting orders, can be reduced.
5. Whether there is any, and what, accountability,
on the part of storekeepers and others, for the "keep-
ing and disposition of the public property in yards
and elsewhere; and whether a more perfect system
of accounting for the same ought not to be establish-
ed by law.
G. Whether the number and compensation of
storekeepers and other officers at the navy-yards
should not be fixed by law; at the same time provi-
ding that the storekeepers shall be appointed by the
President of the United States, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate.
7. Whether the expenses of the several navy-
yards cannot be reduced, and how far it would con-
tribute to that object hereafter to require the public
work m them to be executed by contract or the job.
Mr. HUNGERFORD offered the following reso-
lution; which was adopted under a suspension of the
rules:
Resolved, That the Clerk be directed to report to
this House the amount paid from the contingent
fund thereof to James Young, for services as clerk
of the Committee of Claims, from the close of the
second session to the commencement of the third
session of the twenty-seventh Congress, and from
the close of the twenty-seventh Congress until the
commencement of the present session; by what au-
thority he has been paid; what services he rendered;
and whether he is now under the pay of the gov-
ernment.
Mr. LYON introduced a- bill, which was read
twice, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
On motion of Mr. STEENROD,
The House then adjourned.
The following petitions presented to-day were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By Mr. LYON: Memorial from H. H. Riley and
other citizens of Constantine, in the State of Michi-
gan, praying for a reduction in the rates of postage,
and the abolition of the franking privilege, referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, the petition of 94 citizens of Milwaukie, Wis-
consin Territory, praying Congress to appropriate
money for the construction of a harbor at New Buf-
falo, in Berrien county, Michigan: referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. HOPKINS: Memorial of Commodore
Lewis Warrington, John B. Nicholson, Philip F.
Yoorhees, and John Percival, in behalf of them-
selves and the officers and crew of the Peacock,
praying that the remaining portion of the proceeds
of the Epervier, to which they claim to be entitled
under the act of Congress, of the 23d of April, 1800,
may be paid: referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
By Mr. BURKE: Petition of Charles Little and
James Brown, praying Congress to enter into a con-
tract with them for publishing a new edition of the
laws of the United States, on certain terms and con-
ditions: referred to the Joint Committee on the Li-
brary.
By Mr. THOMAS SMITH: Petition from the
State of Indiana, numerously signed by citizens of
said State, and others, praying Congress to grant
the State of Indiana the unsold lands in the Vin-
cennes land district, to enable the State of Indiana
to complete the Wabash and Erie canal, and other
works referred to in the petition: referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
By Mr. JOHN STEWART: Petition of A.
Grannis and others, of East Haven, praying Con-
gress to crcct a light-house or beacon on the south-
west ledge at the entrance of the harbor at New
Haven, m Connecticut: referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
By Mr. MACLAY: Petition of Martin &
Schull, of the city of New York, asking for an ex-
amination of the different forms of dry-dock, before
any action shall have been had by Congress in ref-
erence to a dry-dock at the city of New York.
By Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin: Petitions signed
by 600 citizens of the Territory of Wisconsin, asking
Congress for an appropriation for a harbor at the
town of Racine, in said Territory: referred to the
Committee on Commerce. Five petitions, nume-
rously signed by citizens of the Territory of Wis-
consin, asking Congress for an appropriation for
a harbor at the town of Racine, in said Territory:
referred to the Committee on Commerce. Two pe-
titions, numerously signed, asking Congress for an
appropriation for the improvement of the navigation
of the Fox and Wisconsin rivers: referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals. Petition signed
by the members of the legislative assembly of the
Territory of Wisconsin, asking of Congress the es-
tablishment of a mail route from Milwaukie to the
town of Jefferson, the county seat of Jefferson coun-
ty, to Madison, the seat of government in said
Territory: referred to the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads.
By Mr. WASHINGTON HUNT: The petition
of S. De Veaux, Peter B. Porter, and 45 other citi-
zens of Niagara Falls, for a reduction and revision
of the post office laws.
Also, the petition of B. Fairman and 238 citizens
of Orleans county, N. Y., and of S. M. Burroughs
and 154 citizens of Orleans county, N. Y., for the
same.
Also, the petition of 71 citizens of Niagara coun-
ty, N. Y., for the improvement of Eighteen Mile
Creek harbor.
Also, the petition of 90 citizens of Orleans coun-
ty, N. Y., for Oak Orchard harbor.
Also, the petition of 50 citizens of Lockport, N.
Y., for an amendment to the constitution as pro-
posed by the Massachusetts resolutions. Also,
from 49 citizens of Niagara Falls for the same.
