CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
therefore move to lay the whole subject on the ta-
ble, with a view to afford the senator from Con-
necticut an opportunity of calling for a division of
the question.
Mr. ATHERTON inquired whether his col-
league, having obtained the floor yesterday, was not
entitled to it, and to proceed before any one else
could take the floor.
The CHAIR explained that, as a matter of cour-
tesy, it was understood the senator from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Woodbury] was entitled to the floor,
should the debate proceed; but that he had yielded
it to the senator from Georgia to raise the question
of order.
Mr. BAGBY asked the senator from Virginia to
suspend his motion for a few moments, to enable
him to state his reasons for the vote he shoidd give
on that motion.
Mr. ARCHER said the same request had been
made by the senator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard.]
He had no objection to extend the usual courtesy to
both senators; but with a distinct understanding that,
in doing so, they would not lead off to a discussion
of the genera] subject.
Mr. BAGBY said he certainly would acquiesce in
that understanding.
Mr. BAYARD observed, that he understood
it was supposed that the bill was under discussion,
as well as the preliminary question of the resolution
from the Committee on Finance. Now, he appre-
hended that was not the fact. It was very true, that
when application was made for leave to introduce
the bill, it might have been properly objected to on
the ground that the Senate had no jurisdiction. It
would undoubtedly have been the proper time. But
from a long-established courtesy, it was not then ob-
jected to. The introduction was tacitly suffered
with a view of allowing the Senator from South
Carolina an opportunity of making his speech on
the merits of the tariff question. But the mere fact
of having postponed the objection to a subsequent
stage of the progress of the bill, did not at any time
give a jurisdiction whicji the Senate did not consti-
tutionally possess.
Weil, now, if the bill at this moment was before
the Senate, he wished to be informed at what read-
ing was it? Certainly not on its second reading.
The Chair supposed it was as in committee of the
whole;"or was it on a distinct insulated proposition,
put by the Committee on Finance, which was en-
tirely independent of the merits of the bill, raising
the question of jurisdiction. It was no part or par-
cel of the bill itself. It was that question which
was taken up, and it was the only question that
ought to be debated in the first instance. Let the
character of the resolution be examined, and it
would be found on its very face. It might appear
that it put forward two propositions; but such was
not the fact. It was but one resolution ; the two
parts could not be separated, because of the very
nature of the thing. The Finance Committee re-
reported a resolution, which gave in itself a reason
for the recommendation of indefinite postponement.
The CHAIR suggested that, if the bill was not
before the Senate, there could not be a motion to
postpone it indefinitely.
Mr. BAYARD observed that it was not his inten-
tion to appeal from the decision of the Chair that
the bill was before the Senate; his remarks went
merely to show that this proposition—this resolu-
tion—was a single resolution; and as to the sugges-
tions made by the Chair as to the motive, the very
reason for the postponement was involved in the
proposition—it was in its very essencc. It stated
on its face that very thing, the first part being only
of the nature of a preamble. Strike out the paren-
thetical part, and it is still the same resolution, but
less explanatory. It would be "resolved, that this
bill, not being within the constitutional jurisdiction
of the Senate, be indefinitely postponed." The
mere duplicating of the terms did not make it two
resolutions. It was but one resolution. Nothing
was more common in such matters than to com-
mence by stating that, for certain leasons, it is ne-
cessary to do so and so. That did not alter the fact
that it was but a single proposition, on winch the
Senate was called upon to pass a direct vote; because,
in the opinion of the committee, this was a bill
which the Senate could not entertain. It was a
special case; there was no power to go beyond the
question; it.was a distinct proposition, going di-
rectly to the right of the Senate to entertain the
measure. The vote that settled the jurisdiction
would settle the whole question. It seemed, there-
fore to him, that the proper proceeding was to vote
directly ori that question.
Some incidental conversation here took place be-
tween the CHAIR, Mr. BAYARD, Mr. SEVIER,
and Mr. ARCHER; after which,
Mr. SEVIER rose to express his regret that any
opposition should be raised against carrying oif the
discussion. This was not a new instance of pro-
tracted debate on propositions that could lead to no
result. He could give numerous instances in which
such discussions had been allowed to go on, weeks
upon weeks, without interruption. He would recall
to the recollection of the Senate one relative to an
agent to South America; another was on the long
string of resolutions offered by the Senator from
South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,] in which there
were six or eight propositions, leading to no prac-
tical result; also the resolutions afterwards ex-
punged on motion of his friend from Missouri,
[Mr. Benton.1 He also recollected the report on
the subject of the State debts, on which there was
no proposition at all before the Senate; yet how
long was the discussion kept up? But here was a
proposition of the greatest importance to the whole
country—a question of revenue, with a debt increas-
ing, and inadequate means. This was a subject on
which he and the whole country wanted light.
Whether a vote on a preliminary question, or a
measure itself—whether the present tariff will sup-
ply resources for the government or not—these
subjects having been drawn into discussion by the
ablest minds in the country, before they are fully
developed, are arrested by a question of order, to
avoid further discussion. Now he did hope that it
would be allowed to progress, not on the preliminary
question alone, but the merits of the measure pro-
posed. After it had proceeded so far, he regretted
that the gentlemen on the other side had thrown
obstacles in the way of its continuance, now that
other gentlemen wished to express their views.
Mr. BAGBY said he wished it to be distinctly
understood, in the vote he should give, that it was
not for any partiality for the tariff bill of last ses-
sion, or any repugnance to the principles of the bill
presented by the senator from South Carolina, [Mr.
McDcffie.] It appeared to him that the Senate
was about to step olF on the wrong foot when the
bill was introduced. That was the time when the
question of jurisdiction should have been enter-
tained and discussed. He would have interposed
then, had it not been intimated that the whole ques-
tion of jurisdiction would have been settled 011 the
coming in of the report. If he had not supposed
so, it would have been impossible for him, enter-
taining the views he did, to have voted in favor of
the leave, or the reference either. No one appre-
ciated more fully than he did the importance of the
tariff question, and the injurious operation of the
present tariff upon the southern section jfNitc
• Union; but there was connected with this soHpa
question infinitely higher in importance tltl^^lie
tariff. That is the great question—as to where the
taxing power resides. Although he agreed with the
senator from South Carolina, that the present tariff
was the most odious act ever passed by any legisla-
tive body, he could not, entertaining the opinions he
did, endeavor to get rid of that measure, by vio-
lating what he conceived to be a fundamental prin-
ciple of the constitution.
He had listened with great pleasure to the argu-
ment of the senator from South Carolina, and sub-
scribed almost entirely to the correctness of the
principles embraced m the bill introduced by him.
It was due to the senator from Maine [Mr. E.] to
say that he listened to his argument with pleasure,
although he differed with him totally in his views.
It was always agreeable to him to witness the ef-
forts of able and Ingenious minds, even though they
should be employed in endeavoring to make "the
worse appear the better reason." He also enter-
entertained the most profound respect for that body,
and for the States of which they were the represent-
atives; but lie entertained greater respect for the con-
stitution we have derived from our ancestors, and
for the great rights secured to the people by that in-
strument, of being taxed by bills originating witli
their immediate representatives. It was to preserve
the constitution from violation, and to maintain that
rio-lit in its plenitude and purity, and for that reason
alone, he should vote to lay the bill on the table;
as that (according to the, decision of the Chair) was
the only way the question oi jurisdiction could be
re£tche d 
Mr. ALLEN asked and obtained the assent of
Mr. ARCHER to state Wf 3
should give. "•' ; J--: 'i„vV
He then proceeded to say, after a few prefato-
ry remarks, that he should voteagainstthe motion to
lay on the table, because he did not' desire to sub-
ject himself to the danger of being placed in an
equivocal position. His idea was, that to refuse ito
lay on the table, and to take the vote directly 0V1. the
question of jurisdiction, might involve, gentlemen
who would vote for the resolution in the -difficulty
of being misunderstood by the country in relation
to their reasons for so voting. After the discussion
had been proceeding for several days <m the whole
subject, it did not seem right to arrest itr especially
after the elaborate speech of the Senator from
Maine. Entertaining himself the opinion that tlio
Senate had not jurisdiction of the bill,-he should,
at the proper time, give htS vote in accordance
with that opinion. But as to Mlencing thisjpSat
and lasting question, it was in vairt to make -toe at-
tempt. The subject would be discussed* ■ It might
as well be attempted to arrest time itself as to ar-
rest the discussion of a matter which agitated the
whole Union.
Although it was his belief that the Senate had not
that kind of unequivocal jurisdiction which justified
the introduction of the bill, still he should vote
against laying the matter on the table, forthe obvious
reason that it would place Senators in the condition
that they would be required to explain to the coun-
try the reasons for their votes. They might have
various and opposite motives for their votes; yet,
with no explanation, they might l?e supposed toMie
actuated by the same reasons. He thought it would
be much better to decide at once the question of ju-
risdiction; and he therefore suggested to the Senator
from Virginia the propriety Of withdrawing his .mo-
tion to lay on the table, and let the direct ■fOte be
taken 011 the preliminary point.
Mr. ARCHER observed that the honorable sena-
tors from Arkansas and Ohio seemed to him to be
altogether unauthorized in taking up the opinion ex-
pressed by them, that anybody on his (Mr. A.'s)
side of the House, was opposed, on a proper occa-
sion and at the proper time, to debate the question.
He was sure the motion he had made, accompanied
by the explanation he had given, did not warrant
any such inference as that it was his design, or the
object of gentlemen  n his side to shrink from the
fullest discussion of the tariff law whenever the
subject came up in a constitutional manner.
Mr. ALLEN disclaimed meaning that the gentle-
men were not disp9sed to go into discussion; but
that, at this particular stage of the proceedings, he
regretted they should be disposed to arrest discus-
sion that had gone on so long. Now, as it would be
truly in vain to attempt arresting discussion at any
time on this great question, to say it ought to go on
now was not saying that it was the object of gen-
tlemen on the other side to avoid discussion at any
time.
Mr. ARCHER accepted the explanation. He
was confident that it was not the intention of the
senator to make any uncourteous allusions to him
or his friends. He would take occasion to say that
he, for one—and he would undertake to speak for
every senator on his side of the House—so
far from being disposed to arrest discussion on the
tariff policy of the country, it was their earnest de-
sire that, at the proper time, both Houses might go
into that discussion.
The senator from Arkansas was mistaken with
regard to his friend from Georgia and himself (Mr.
A.) They held, not that it would be surplus
discussion, but that* it was not within the compe-
tency of the Senate to entertain the bill at all. The
senator from Ohio said that, although he concurred 111
the opinion of the senator from Georgia, that to enter-
tain the bill was not constitutional, he should vote
against the motion, which the Chair said was the
only mode of meeting the question of jurisdiction
as a preliminary question. If any senator could
point outanother mode of coming at the direct vote,
he should not hesitate to say that it would bo, most,
desirable to adopt it. Now, if the senator, or any
other gentleman, would make amotion which would
effect that object, he (Mr. Archer) was willing to
go for it, to escape an unauthorized discussion now.
He renewed his motion to lay on the table.
Mr. EVANS asked for a division of the question
111 this form: First, on laying the bill on the table;
and then on the second branch of the resolution;
so that, if the bill and last part of the resolution be
laid on the table, and the second part be not nega-
tived, and not laid on the table, the discussion of
