184
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the senate will be on that subject and not on any
other.
The CHAIR was under the impression that, if
the bill was laid on the table, it necessarily included
the whole subject. But it might be done in this
way—retaining all the matter m the first proposi-
tion.
Mr. EVANS asked what would then be the sub-
ject of discussion if the last resolution was laid on the
table.
The CHAIR said the first would be.
Mr. EVANS asked, would .the bill itself and its
merits, or the first resolution alone, be discussed?
The CHAIR said it was his opinion that the first
resolution, and that alone, would be the subject of
discussion.
Mr. EVANS thought that it would, in that form,
furnish a mode by which the sense of the Senate
could be attained on the preliminary question.
The point of ofdor for obtaining the direct ovte
was discussed for some time by Messrs. EVANS,
KING, ARCHER, and MOREHEAD; when,
At the suggestion of Mr. MOREHEAD, that it
was due to Senator from South Carolina,
[Mr. McDuffib] to have an opportunity of an-
swering the senator from Maine, [Mr. Evans,]
it was agreed by general consent, with the excep-
tion of Mr. Haywood, who declared that he
would be no party to such an unparliamentary un-
derstanding, that Mr. McDuffie should name a
day for making his reply; and that then the debate
should cease, Dy Mr. Archer being reinstated in
his position of being the mover of the question to
lay the whole on the table.
Mr. McDuffie yielding to the suggestion that
Monday next would be a proper time to take up
the subject again—
The subject was postponed to that day.
The Seriate then went into executive session; and,
after some time spent therein,
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 24, 1844.
Mr. HOPKINS wished to give notice of a bill.
Mr. ADAMS objected, and called for the orders
of the day.
Mr. HAMLIN rose to a privileged question; and,
on his motion, a correction was made in the journal.
Mr. COBB made a report from the Committee of
Claims, accompanied by a bill for the relief of Jo-
seph M. Fernandez; which was read twice, and com-
mitted to the Committee of the Whole.
RULES OF THE HOUSE.
The SPEAKER said the order of the morning
hour was called for; which was the report of the
Committee on Rules,
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS asked permission at
this time to present a minority report from the Com-
mittee on Rules; which was acceded to.
Mr. CAMPBELL moved the printing of an
extra number of the report of the majority and mi-
nority of the committee together.
Mr. HOPKINS objected.
Mr. WINTHROP then proceeded with his re-
marks on the right of petition, which he commenced
yesterday; and m the course of his argument, he
quoted from Hansard, (an English authority on that
subject,) showing the settled practice of the English
House of Commons.
Mr. RHETT wished to correct the gentleman by
reading a note to the passage which had beer, read
by the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. WINTHROP said he was desirous to occu-
py the whole of the time allotted to him, and he
went on and finished his remarks.
Mr. PAYNE next obtained the floor; which, how-
ever, was contested by Mr. ANDREW JOHN-
SON. The Speaker, however, gave it to the gen-
tleman from Alabama.
Mr. RHETT, by Mr. Payne's permission, said
that the gentleman from Massachusetts, in quoting the
proposition from Hatsell, which he said he hoped
would be incribed as one of the rules of the House, did
not refer to Mr. HatseJl's authority, or his prop-
osition, on the same page, which he would read to
the House. Mr. Hatsell says: "In the proceedings
between the two Houses on Skinner's business, in
1669, which are erased from the journals, it ap-
pears from Gray's Debates, VI, p. 209, that on the
7th and 8th December, the House of Commons re-
solved: 1. 'That it is an inherent right of every
commoner of England, to prepare and present peti-
tions to the House, in case of grievances; and of the
House of Commons to receive them: 2. 'That is
the undoubted right and privilege of the House of
Commons to adjudge ana determine, touching the
nature and matter of such petitions, how far they are
fit and unfit to be received.'' "
Mr. WINTHROP said that, if the gentleman
from South Carolina would look to page 388, he
would see this matter corrected, and the word re-
ceived was stricken out, and thejword retained was
inserted in the second proposition.
Mr. PAYNE having proceeded,
Mr. RHETT interrupted him, and begged him to
allow him to read to the House the proposition
which the gentleman fuoln Massachusetts said was
altered an the page 388; that he finds them, at the
page the gentleman referred to, exactly as they are
first recited by Mr. Hatsell, the word received being
in the second proposition.
Mr. PAYNE refused to allow Mr. Rhett to read
the proposition.
Mr. PAYNE said it had not been his purpose to
trouble the House upon this subject; but when he
reflected upon the importance of the question in-
volved, and the importance of those results which
would probably grow out of the determination of
the question, he felt constrained—very much against
his will—to take part in the debate. The discus-
sion upon this question had been of a most extra-
ordinary character. Gentlemen had come forward
and stated upon the floor of that House that a delib-
erate design was entertained by gentlemen here to
suppress or abolish the right of petition, to prevent
the people of the United States from assembling and
petitioning the government. He availed himself of
this occasion to declare, in the face of the nation,
that, as far as his knowledge extended, no such
feeling, disposition, or desire, was entertained by
any individual in the House. The gentleman from
South Carolina, who opened the debate, expressly
declared that the right of petition was an inherent
right, and placed beyond the reach of legislation.
Such was the opinion which he himself entertained.
Why, then, was this attempt made to gull and de-
ceive the people? He would not impute improper
motives to any gentleman. He would not say there
was a species of demagoguism at the bottom of this
memorial; that it was intended to make political
capital out of it. There was no petition which had
been presented to this Congress which had not been
heard, understood, and acted upon. Every abolition
petition which had been presented, had either been
read, or its contents distinctly stated, so that the
House was put fully in possession of the subject.
The right of petition was not the question involved
in this discussion; the true question was, how far
they were bound to legislate upon the subject of
abolition petitions; and, in his opinion, they were
not bound to legislate upon these petitions at all.
"louse, knowing their contents, had only to act
leir rejectiou. But he would be glad to know
far gentlemen expected the House to act upon
them. Where was to be the limit, if they once com-
menced? Would it be pretended that Congress had
the power to abolish slavery within this District^
But he would wish the word slavery to be dropped;
for the use of that word served to deceive the public
in regard to the question. The inquiry should be,
Has Congress the power to abolish the right of prop-
erty within the District of Columbia? That was the
question. But perhaps the question which should
be first settled was, whether individuals should hold
property in slaves. He would not, however, go
back so far as to investigate all that question. It
was sufficient for him to know that slavery had ex-
isted, in some fonn oi other, from the beginning of
the woild to the present day, and he believed it to be
the invariable concomitant of civilization and im-
provement. So long as the inviolable prin-
ciple of order should continue—so long as
the advancement of one man necessarily implied the
degradation of another—so long would there continue
to be slavery. But it was not his intention to go
back to the origin of slavery. It now existed under
the laws of this country. How did this country
acquire the institution originally? They acquired
the right to their slaves by purchase. It was either
by an ordinance of the British sovereign, while
these States were colonies of Great Britain, or by an
act of Parliament, he did not remember which; nor
did he recollect distinctly where he got the informa-
tion of this fact, that every person who purchased
lands was compelled to purchase slaves. Thus
slavery had been "forced upon them by that nation
which affects so great a horror of slavery, and of
everything else which is not subservient to her own
nterests. Independently of this, there were other
considerations which gave to individuals a title to the
slaves. He raises them; he has to provide for them,
in their old age—to sustain them. And was a map
entitled to no remuneration for the care he was
obliged to take of them? But he apprehended that
the right of property in slaves would not be ques-
tioned. It had, however, been contended by some,
that, under the act of cession from Maryland of a
part of this District, Congress had full power to
abolish slavery. He questioned whether the legis-
lature of Maryland itself could abolish slavery.
Where was the law authorizing them to abolish the
right of property? There was no such law. The
declaration of rights prohibited the legislature of
Maryland from abolishing the right of property;
and the same with regard to Virginia. The legis-
latures of these States being prohibited from abol-
ishing the right of property, in the transfer of terri-
tory to the federal government, they could give no
right which they did not themselves possess. In
fact, the deed of cession from Virginia contained an
express prohibition of the power to abolish the right
of property within this District.
[Mr. P. here read from the deed of cession, and
also from a letter of Benjamin Watkins Leigh,
showing his opinions upon this subject.]
It was said that Congress had the exclusive right
to legislate within this District. That was not the
question. No one ever supposed that another legis-
lative body could exist here; of course no one had
imagined that the people of this District could es-
tablish another legislature. But it was never intend-
ed that this legislature should break down all the
barriers which exist against the destruction of the
"right of property.
General Harrison, in his inaugural address, de-
clared that the people of this District should not be
slaves; that they should be regarded as freemen.
He had regarded this declaration as absurd; but if
such a doctrine prevailed, viz: that Congress had
the power to sweep away the right of property, they
were, indeed, the most abject of slaves. He con-
tended that no such right did exist. The right of
property was as well secured to the people within
this District as it was to the people of the Union;
and every barrier which had been raised to resist the
encroachments of the power of the Government
within the States, existed also in regard to this Dis-
trict. But they were not left exclusively to reason
upon this subject. The constitution itself express-
ly declared, in an amendment to that instrument,
that private property should not be applied to pub-
lic uses. Could it for a moment be contended that
slaves were designed to be applied to public uses?
It would be preposterous. There was another ques-
tion connected with this subject; and that was, the
power of Congress to make compensation for
slaves; but it was not necessary to enter into that
now. It was enough to know that the abolition of
the right of property was prohibited both by legis-
lative enactment and by the constitution itself.
I ask (said he) if we are bound to receive proposi-
tions to violate the constitution, and violate our
oaths. No, sir; though we have no right to pre-
vent the people from petitioning—no right to judge
of the subjects on which they shall petition,—I ask
if, when petitions are presented at the table, and you
have settled in your mind that you have not the
right to grant the prayer, because, in doing so, you
would necessarily violate the constitution—I ask
you if you are bound to entertain, discuss, or legis-
late on that proposition. Now, he would appeal to
those, honest men in the States who were not aboli-
tionists—for honor and honesty did not belong to
the abolition party—but those honest men who
were united with them under the delusive idea that
the right of petition had been abridged, if they really
believed that the right of petition was violated by
refusing to entertain propositions to violate the con-
stitution, and violate their oaths. The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Giddings] laughs, (said Mr. P.;)
and I would be glad to understand from him if he
is an abolitionist.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Yes, I am.
Mr. PAYNE. Then, sir, we have a striking il-
lustration of the honor that belongs to the abolition-
ists.
The SPEAKER. The remarks of the gentleman
are not in order.
Mr. PAYNE. The gentleman himself interrupt-
ed me by a grin, which he had no right to do; and
my retort was the consequence of his conduct.
Then he would say that as these petitions proposed
a violation of the constitution, Congress had no
