Feb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBfi.
mS±,
128th Cong 1st Sess,
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Stephens.
H. of Reps.
'have conformed to the first section, and without the
slightest objection, as far as I have heard.
Why, sir, since the organization of the govern-
ment there have been six acts of apportionment;
and without giving their dates, or detaining the
House by reading them, I will venture to say, that,
there has not been one of the six which did not re-
quire (not in words, but from the necessity of the
case) a majority of the States, in pursuance of their
constitutional duty, in order to secure a representa-
tion on this floor, to pass laws reorganizing their
■districts in conformity to the apportionment of Con-
gress.
I give this as one instance of the error of the po-
sition.
Another is the one alluded to by the gentleman
from Vermont the other day, [Mr. Collamek,] re-
lating to the appointment of electors for President
®nd vice President of the United States. In the
■second section of the second article of the constitu-
tion it is provided that "each State shall appoint, in
•such manner as the legislature thereof may direct,
the number of electors, equal to the whole number
of senators and representatives to which the State
may be entitled in Congress." And in the fourth
section of the same article it is provided that "Con-
gress may determine the time of choosing electors,
and the day on which they shall give their votes,
which day shall be the same throughout the United
States."
And in exercise of the power hereby conferred,
Congress, by act approved 1st March, 1792, de-
clared that "electors shall be appointed in each State
for the election of a President and Vice President of
the United States, within thirty-four days preceding
the first Wednesday in December, 1792, and within
thirty-four days preceding the first Wednesday in
December of every fourth year succeeding the last
election; which electors shall be equal to the num-
ber of senators and representatives to which the sev-
eral States may by law be entitled, at the time when
the President and Vice President thus to be chosen
should come into office: Provided, always, that,
when no apportionment of representatives shall have
lheen made, after an enumeration, at the time of
•choosing electors, then the number of electors shall
be according to the existing apportionment of sena-
tors and representatives."
This, sir, has been the regulation of Congress
under which every President of the United States,
from the first, 1 believe, has been elected, and to
which every State in the Union has conformed, as it
was in duty bound to do, and without which there
could have been no election of chief magistrate with-
in the time stated.
But again. By the 16th clause of the 7th section
of the 1st article of the constitution, power is con-
ferred upon Congress "to provide for organizing,
arming, and disciplining the militia, and for govern-
ing such part of them as may be employed in the
service of the United States; reserving to the States,
respectively, the appointment of the officers, and
the authority of training the militia according to the
discipline prescribed by Congress."
Now, sir, as a precedent., I will not refer to the ex-
tent of power claimed under this clause, in the cele-
brated army bill of the administration in 1840, allu-
ded to yesterday by the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Newton,*] and which, I believe, was defended
by many leading men upon this floor, who now de-
nounce the second section of the apportionment act
as a mandamus to the States. But I will ask the at-
tention of the House to an act approved May 8,
1792, entitled—
"An act more effectually to provide for the na-
tional defence, by establishing a uniform militia
throughout the United States."
The third section of that act is in the following
words:
"ilnd be it further enacted, That within one year
after the passing of this act, the militia of the respec-
tive States shall be arranged into divisions, brigades,
regiments, battalions, and companies, as the legisla-
tures of each State shall direct; and each division,
brigade, and regiment, shall ben umbered at the form-
ation thereof, and a record made of such numbers
in the adjutant general's office in each State. Each
"The 39th section of the celebrated ormy bill of
Mr. Van Buren, was in the following MortU: "That the le-
gislatures of the several States, at the earliest period of time
after the adoption of the system, eriact such laws as may be
necessary to enrol and organize the militia of the several
States according to the provisions contained herein;''— See
fix. Dqc, 1839, '40, vol 4, page 13.
division, brigade and regiment, shall respectively
take rank according to their numbers, reckoning the
first lowest number highest in the rank. That, if
the same be convenient, each brigade shall consist
of four regiments; each rtgifflent of tWd battalions;
each battalion of fbur companies; each company of
sixtyfour privates. That said militia shall be offi-
cered by the respective States as follows: To each
division one major general and two aids-de-camp
with the rank of major; to each brigade one briga-
dier general, with one brigade inspector, to serve
also as brigade major, With the rank of major; to
each regiment one lieutenant colonel commandant,
and to each battalion one major, and to each com-
pany one captain, one lieutenant, one ensign," &c.
Now, sir, this was alluded to also the other day
by the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. ColiUmer;]
and, as a precedent upon the point now undel' con-
sideration, I think it is quite analogous. It was a
law passed in 1792; which, for its full execution, re-
quired action on the part of the legislatures of the
States in laying off and arranging the divisionst bri-
gades, tfc., and appointing officers according to the
direction of the act. There was nothing then said
about this act of Congress being a mandamus to the
States, unauthorized by the constitution, and there-
fore inoperative and void, and such as the States
should not regard. But every State in the Union
immediately conformed thereto; and the same, I be-
lieve, is the basis of the militia organization of the
country to this day.
Nor need I be answered, as I have heard sug-
gested in conversation, that this measure was
adopted before the people were much awakened to
the encroachments of the general government upon
the rights of the States. If there ever has been a
period in our history, when the line that divides
the powers of the State and federal governments
from each other was more clearly defined and better
understood than at any other, it was about the time
of the passage of this act. It was then that Mr.
Jefferson, the acknowledged champion of the rights
of the States, was exercising his greatest vigilance
in guarding his favorite object. It was just before,
that even the incorporation of a bank was consider-
ed by him as unconstitutional, because, amongst
other objections, it was supposed to encroach upon
the rights of the States, in interfering with their laws
upon the subjects of mortmain, descent, &c.
And yet no one amongst the most zealous ad-
vocates of the rights ot the States at that day
seems to havo conceived the idea that the act in re-
lation to the organization of the militia was in the
least degree in violation of those rights, or contained
any unauthorized mandamus to control their legisla-
tion.
Nor need I be told that precedent, is not consti-
tutional power; and that because Congress has
heretofore passed unauthorized acts, the practice
should be continued. I do not refer to these prece-
dents for any such purpose. But as I undertook
to show that the principle upon which one of the
positions assumed by the advocates of the resolution
upon your table rented, was founded ill error, I
citc these examples to show that I am sustained m
my view of construction by acts of the government,
dating back almost to its beginning; and the con-
stitutionality or validity of which has never been
questioned. And from these instances and prece-
dents, I respectfully submit whether it does not ap-
pear that Congress may, in some cases, arising
under the constitution, pass an act good and valid
within itself; and yet one which, for a full execution,
will require conforming legislation on the part of the
States. To my mind, this seems to be clear.
The only remaining question is, whether the sec-
ond section of the apportionment act is one of that
class and description. That it is, seems a faic infer-
ence from its striking analogy to the cases just re-
ferred to. But, to put the matter beyond doubt, if
possible, as it seems to me, 1 will fjivc some other
illustrations, touching the validity of acts of Con-
gress upon subjects over which concurrent legisla-
tive power is given to the State and federal govern-
ments; answering, as I proceed, other arguments of
the advocates of the resolutions; and in conclusion,
show that the section in question was just such an
exercise of this power by Congress as was original-
ly intended by the framers of the constitution.
And first, I will take the case put by the major-
ity of the committee in the report, which I appre-
hend to be one of the strongest to illustrate their
position.
"Congress," say they, "possess the power under
th? constitution to establish uniform laws on the sub-
ject of bankruptcies throughout the United States."
And further, they say, "suppose that Congress, in-
stead of passing1 the late bankrupt law; ft&d content*
ed itself with a simple declaration, similar to theseo
arid section of the apportionment act-, that all laws
upon the subject of bankruptcies should be uniform
in each State of the Union; that persons might be
discharged from the payment of their just debts
upon their own application,' without the consent or
their creditors, upon the surrender of all their proper-
ty, except so much as the court might allow them to
retain, not exceeding three hundred dollars; and
that no man should he released from his obligations
under any law which did not Conform to these abstract
principles: would these rules be valid and impose
upon the States the duty of so changing their local
legislation as to conform to the abstractions estab-
lished by Congress? "If this cannot be done ra
case of bankruptcy," say they, "upon what prin-
ciple is it that Congress may direct the legisla-
tive discretion of the States in regard to elections?"
I answer, the cases are not analogous. The subject
of bankruptcies is given exclusively to Congress by
the constitution. To make the cases similar, let us
suppose that the constitution had declared that "the
States respectively shall establish laws on the subject
of bankruptcy; but Congress may, at any time,
make or alter the same." And suppose, in different
States, various rules had been established, confliotuv
with each Other) and Congress, for the purpose of
creatine uniformity upon this subject, had then es-
tablished the general principle supposed by the com-
mittee: the cases would tfieiT be strictly analogous;
and I apprehend that no court in '-be }fnlfn  """p*
such circumstances, would permit a C isoharge of a
bankrupt under any State regulations ma>'e m dis-
regard of the general principle thus established Py
Congress. .
Or take the clause of the constitution which gives
Congress the power to establish uniform laws for
the naturalization of foreigners. Suppose, instead
of this power being given exclusively to Congress,
it had been given primarily to the States to,establish
such laws, With the proviso that Congress might,
at any time, make or alter the same. And suppose,
in some of the States, laws had been passed reciuir-
ing a residence of ten years on the part of any alien,
before he could bo naturalized, or permitted to enjoy
the privileges of a citizen; and in other States the
period was twenty years; and in some of ti>e States
nothing should be required but an oath before a jus-
tice of the peace to support the constitution of tne
United States; and, under this state of things,
Congress should pass a general law declaring that
two years' residence should be sufficient; but that,
in every instance of naturalization? the proceedings
should be had before some court of record, &c.:
can any man doubt that such general law would
be valid, or that any court would hold the proceed-
ing had upon the naturalization of any alien, valid,
which did not conform thereto' If not, no longer
may the "constitution of the United States, and the
laws made in pursuance thereof, be regarded as the
supreme law of the land."
But, sir, my colleague [Mr. Cobb] says that the-
concurrent and even controlling power of Congress
over the subject of congressional elections, by which
they can "make" or "alter" the regulations "of time,
place, and manner," does not authorize them barely
to "annul" and "abrogate," as he says this act does.
And though I shall be able, I think, to show, pre-
sently, most clearly, that his view of the act in this
particular is incorrect; yet, in answer to hint, here
I put the case supposed by the minority of the com-
mittee in their report.
Has not Congress the same, and even greater
power over the whole subject, than the States have?
My colleague admits that Congress has. Then,
suppose that the State of Georgia had, bf law, de-
clared the same general principle which the act un-
der consultation has, and had done nothing more,
and such act had passed both Houses of our legisla-
ture, and been signed by the governor: would it not
have operated as a repeal of the general-ticket sys-
tem? He admits that it would. But then (says ne)
would be the time for the exercise of this conserva-
tive principle m the constitution on the part of Con-
gress. Grant the fact: but the case I put to him is,
if the State had so declared, by law, would she be
entitled to a representation on this floor by members
elected according to the old law, or could she have
held any valid election until there had been farther
legislation upon the subject, either by Congress or
her own legislature? That is the question. And if
Congress has the same,power as the State, is not tlie
