CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
right to entertain them. If a proposition was made
to an individual to disregard his oath, and do a dis-
honorable act, he should regard it as an insult, and
resent it accordingly. So it was in public affairs.
Congress should, with as much promptness, refuse to
entertain a dishonorable proposition as an individu-
al was bound to do. He was abcfut to say to these
honest men, who were not connected with the abo-
litionists in their unlawful designs, but who joined
them in the clamor for the right of petition, You
may petition on every subject you please, on which
Congress can constitutionally legislate; refer them,
discuss them and legislate on them; but when peti-
tions are presented.which disregard the constitu-
tion, and ask us to violate our oaths, then we are
not bound to receive them. He would ask the gen-
tleman from Oho, [Mr. Duncan,] who avowed him-
self opposed to the schemes of these abolitionists,
but yet contended for the reception of these petitions,
to stand on this ground; that they were not bound
to violate the constitution and disregard their votes.
If the gentleman went one step further, where was
he to stop? The abolitionists never would be sat-
isfied with the civil reception of these petitions;
they never would be satisfied by the receiving and
laying them on the table; they never would be sat-
isfied except by reference, discussion, and report;
and, in short, the final accomplishment of the ob-
jects they have in view. He would tell gentlemen,
therefore, who held the same opinions, that the only
safe and constitutional ground to stand on, was, that
Congress should not entertain propositions which
involve a violation of the constitution. If they went
one step beyond that, there was no stopping the
tide that would rush in. He would make one re-
mark to the democratic party. You can (said he)
never gain the sympathy and affection of the
abolition party, do what you will. You may make
one concession now, and they will immediately ask
for another; and they will on, getting more and
more from you, until you sink down, in the tide
of time, to utter oblivion; or else they will take you
by the hair of the head, and: doom you to servitude.
We of the South (continued Mr. P.) seek not to
abridge the right of petition. All that we do is to
refuse to receive petitions asking us to do that which
we have no constitutional power to do. He would
appeal to any reasonable man, (if any such there
were who were co-operating with these abolitionists,)
if it was not the extreme of folly to ask them-to re-
ceive petitions, the prayer of which, it was admit-
ted, they had not the constitutional power to grant.
Were these men willing to produce convulsions in
the country for the sake of receiving these petitions,
when no good could be produced by it, and when
the very prayer contained in them had that object in
view?
Mr. DUNCAN asked leave to make-an explana-
tion. The gentleman alluded to the ground he (Mr.
D.) took in relation to the right of Congress to abol-
ish slavery in the District of Columbia, and to his
objections to the 21st rule; but the gentleman evaded
the point he (Mr. D.) really made, which was that
Congress had the inherent right to abolish slavery
in the District of Columbia whenever a majority of
the people desired it. Congress had the same pow-
er in relation to this subject that Virginia and Mary-
land had, before the assumption of jurisdiction by
it here, and that these States had now; but neither
of them had this power until a majority of the peo-
ple instructed them to exercise it. Now, he would
ask the gentleman if he would agree to abolish sla-
very in the District if a majority of the people in-
structed Congress to do so.
Mr. PAYNE replied that he had not reached that
part of the gentleman's argument, but he intended
to have noticed it before concluding. He would
now reply to the gentleman's question. In the first
place, he denied that the people of the District of
Columbia could instruct Congress at all. The doc-
trine of instruction involved a constituency, and a
representation on that floor, which the people of the
District had not, and therefore they could not, in-
struct. He would go further. The rights of prop-
erty would prevent Congress from doing this thing
without an amendment to the constitution authoriz-
ing it. There was no aspect in which the subject
could be viewed which would show that power in
Congress. They were tied up by the constitution,
and could not go one step beyond that instrument.
That was his answer to the gentleman from Ohio,
Mr. JOS. A. WEIGHT rose, and observed that
he had not risen for the purpose of entering at large
into this debate, but for the single object of defining
his position,. and setting himself right before his
constituents. He desired to say, in the first place,
that, if this rule was so important as gentlemen
contended 
The SPEAKER here announced that the morn-
ing hour had expired.
Mr. CLINGMAN moved to suspend the rules,
to enable the gentleman from Indiana to go on with
his remarks.
This motion was negatived
Mr. OWEN moved that the House resolve itself
a Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The SPEAKER said that, before putting the
question, he would take the occasion to lay before
the House some executive communications. He
then presented the following:
A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury trans-
mitting a report of the number, names, and compen-
sation of the clerks in his department: laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, in
answer to the resolution of the House of the 13th
instant, transmitting a statement of the amount of
moneys received from the government of Mexico,
under the treaty of indemnity; and the reason for
refusing compensation to commander J. D. Knight,
for bringing in one of the instalments of the said in-
demnity: referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, and ordered to be printed.
A letter from the Treasury Department, submit-
ting a report, in compliance with the resolution of
the House of die 10th instant, of the number of
acres of land unsold in the Palestine, Vincennes,
Jhawneetown, Kaskaskia, and Vandalia land dis-
icts, of the susceptibility of the improvement of the
great Wabash river, from Terre Haute to its junc-
tion with the Ohio river: referred to the Committee
on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
A letter from the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives, transmitting a report, in answer to the
resolution of yesterday, directing him to report the
amount paid to James Young for services as clerk
of the Committee'of Claims; and by what authority
he has been paid: laid on the table.
Mr. CHAPMAN, on leave, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was considered and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be required,
in making up the report and tables called for by a
resolution of this House of the 3d of March last,
in relation to the prices of articles in foreign coun-
tries imported into the United States, to state also
the rate of duty imposed on such articles on being
imported into the United States; and where specific
duties are imposed, to reduce them to ad valorem
rates on the cost of such articles abroad.
On motion of Mr. C. JOHNSON, the papers in
relation to the claim of Milly,a Creek woman, were
withdrawn from the files of the last session, anj'
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, from the Committi
Foreign Affairs, reported a bill to authorize the pay-
ment of equitable commissions to the agents or at-
torneys of persons in whose favor awards have been
made under treaties between the United States and
foreign powers, which awards have been letained in
the treasury m payments of debts due to/the United
States: read twice, and leferred to the Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. VANCE, from the Committee of Claims, re-
ported the following bills; which were severally read
twice, and referred:
A bill for the relief of Samuel B. Folger.
A bill for the relief of Samuel B. Tucker.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Wm. Augustus
Allen.
A bill for the relief of George M. Jones; and
A bill to provide for the payment of the passage of
General Lafayette from France to the United States,
in the year 18Q4: accompanied by a report in each
case..
* Mr. RATHBUN, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions, to which was referred the bill
to amend an act, entiled "An act granting half pay
and pensions to certain widows, and the several acts
and resolutions amendatory of the same, and to ex-
tend and continue the provisions thereof," reported
the same with an amendment.
It was read twice, and committed to the Commit-
tee of the Whole, and ordered to be printed.
OREGON TERRITORY.
On motion of Mr. OWEN, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, Mr. John Campbeil in the chair; and
took up the report of the ^ Committee •'on
Affairs presented to the House yesterday, on the
resolution of Mr. Owen in relation to the Qcegdn
Territory. ' . .
Mr. OWEN, on resuming, in committee, the re-
marks he commenced yesterday in the House, vei?y
briefly stated the points ho had already touched
upon. In adverting to the proposal first made, to
Great Britain, by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Adams,] and renewed by Mr. Clay, to mike,
the latitude of 49 degrees the permanent boundary
between the two nations, Mr. 0. remarked, that
one very strong objection to this boundary is, that
almost all the large masses of the best timber jn
the territory are to be found north of 48°; most of
it north of 49°. He also alluded to the fact, that the
boundary proposed by Great Britain shut out the
United States from almost every good harbor on the
coast, including the harbors of Nootka and Nttinat
on Vancouver's island, together with Admiralty inlet
and Paget sound, and the mouth of Fraser'e river on
the main land. Mr. Owen then, taking up his ar-
gument at the point at which he was interrupted
yesterday, quoted the remark of Mr. Calhoun, made
m the Senate last session, in proof that we were
placed, by this system of negotiation and concession,
• m a false position. The remark was as follows:
"It follows, that the portion of territory really in
dispute between the two countries, is about three de-
grees of latitude; that is, about one fourth of the *
whole."
Mr. Owen then said: I ask you, sir, to observe
to what point all this is surely leading us. Our
claims north of forty-nine are given up, and the
question is made to be, how much more, south of
that parallel, we will consent to sacrifice, in addition.
Will it be replied, that the sentiment quoted is only
a remark incidentally falling from an individual
member of Congress, which cannot be used against
us? And do you imagine, sir, that the words of
John C. Calhoun pass not across the Atlantic? Can
you believe, that even the chance admissions of such
a man, on a subject so interesting to England as
Oregon, are not noted by the British ministry—are
not registered at St. James's? Do you suppose that
Mr. Packenham, the expected British envoy, has
not read that speech? And can you doubt, that he
will arrive among us prepared to settle, not whether
Oregon is ours or Great Britain's, but how these
three degrees of latitude are to be parcelled out be-
tween us?
What that is satisfactory or desirable, can result
from a negotiation commencing under auspices
like these' We are informed, it is true, in that por-
tion of the President's message which refers to the
hitherto unsuccessful negotiations for a northwest-
ern boundary, that "our minister in London has,
under instructions, again brought the subject to the
consideration of that government." I am sorry for
it. Twice we have approached Great Britain in a
spirit of the most liberal concession. Twice^ she
has rejected our advances. The next proposition
should come from her. We have made too many
already.
The chief objection entertained by the Committee
on Foreign Affairs to the proposed resolution, we
may "presume to be, that it is likely to cast difficul-
ties 'in the way of the expected negotiation." 'If
there were reasonable promise of benefit to these
United States from this diplomatic encounter, the
argument would be a good one. But Europe is an
overmatch for us in the courtly game of conven-
tions and protocols. From the past, I judge the
future. That which baffled the talents of Henry
Clay, and the perseverance of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] we may, I trust, with-
out failing in due respect to our present chief ma-
gistrate, be permitted to doubt whether John Tyler
can succeed in effecting. _
But that is not the proper issue. The truth is,
that until we assume an attitude more independent
than has hitherto characterized our proceedings re-
lative to Oregon, no President, no secretary, no min-
ister, can reasonably be expected to obtain from
Great Britain a satisfactory adjustment of this boun-
dary question. .
How are we to assume such an attitade? By re-
tracing, so far as we honorably may, the false steps
we have taken. By putting an end to entang-
ling alliances into which we should never have
entered; by receding from rejected concessions,
which we ought never to have made. That is the
object and the effect of the joint resolution.
But the Committee on Foreign Affairs may 7 perhaps
