188
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to the navy, and he should stand up on all occa-
sions for proper retrenchments in the Navy Depart-
ment; for, to continue its popularity with the people,
they must reduce its expenditures; but let them not
take its life-blood away. He then defended the bill
generally against objections which had been made
to it, showed its necessity, and advocated its pas-
sage.
Mr. HARALSON said the members of this
House were sent here by the people; and they were
supposed to know the wishes and feelings of the
people. By those representatives, appropriations
were made for specific objects; and his idea was,
that those appropriations never should be di-
verted from the purposes for which they
were voted by the people's representatives. The
bill now before the committee, gave to the
Secretary a too unlimited power; for he was to
judge whether the unexpended balances were neces-
sary or not, and might transfer them to other
branches, although the representatives of the peo-
ple had appropriated them to specific objects. To
this he had great objection. He wished, when appro-
priations were asked for, that the people should
know their object; and when they were directed
into a particular channel, that they should go there,
and that no one should be allowed to give them a
different direction. If an enlargement of policy was
necessary—which it was not necessary for him to
discuss—he should desire the money to be called
for directly for that purpose. If it were shown to
be necessary, it should have his vote; but he was
unwilling to vote money for a particular purpose,
and then that it should be diverted to other objects
than those to which the people's representatives said
it should go.
After some further discussion, in which Messrs.
PARMENTER, HUGHES, HOPKINS, BID-
LACK, CAVE JOHNSON, and BELSER par-
ticipated, the committee rose, and reported that they
had come to no conclusion upon either of the sub-
jects which they had had under consideration.
Mr. HUGHES, on leave, introduced a bill to
establish a port of entry in the county of Jackson,
in the State of Missouri; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
COURTS OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. HOPKINS gave notice that he should, to-
morrow, or some convenient day, ask leave to in-
troduce a bill for regulating the time of holding the
circuit and criminal courts of the District of Colum-
bia, and for other purposes.
FUGITIVES FROM BABOR.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL gave notice that he
would, to-morrow, or some subsequent day, ask
leave to introduce a bill to enforce and regulate the
habeas corpus act and the act of 1793, concerning
fugitives from labor.
Tiie House then adjourned.
The following petitions presented to-day were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By Mr. JOHN W. DAVIS: The petition of
Nicholas Fleanor, of Indiana, praying compensa-
tion for a horse lost in the battle of Tippecanoe.
Also, the petition of 91 members of the legisla-
ture of Indiana, asking a donation of land to
O'Bryan McNamer, on account of bodily disability.
Also, the petition of citizens of Morgan county, In-
diana, in favor of granting to Bryce W. Miller privi-
lege to dig a null race through certain public lands,
and for a grant of land for draining the same.
By Mr. FICKLIN : The petition of Thomas
Smith, and 50 others, of Edgar county, Illinois, ask-
ing an appropriation of lands in the Wabash valley,
for the improvement of the Wabash river from Terre
Haute, (the terminus of the Wabash and Erie
canal,) to the Ohio river.
By Mr. ATKINSON: The memorial and deposi-
tion of the representatives of Willis Niddich, ask-
ing compensation for losses sustained in the revolu-
tionary war, by the destruction by the enemy of the
biddings of said Niddich, in which the public pro-
visions were placed: referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
^ By Mr. JOHN STEWART: Petition of W. S.
Stockton, of Florida, mail contractor, praying for
an allowance for actual damages, owing to the an-
nulment of a mail contract by the Postmaster Gene-
ral.
By Mr. DANA: Petition of 124 citizens of Perry,
Wyoming county, New York, to reduce the rates of
postage, &c.: referred the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. PRESTON KING: Petition of inhabit-
ants of Ogdensburgh, to abridge the franking privi-
lege, and to reduce the rates of postage.
By Mr. P. B. JOHNSON: Petition of E. Short
and 40 other citizens of Washington county, Ohio,
praying for an extension of mail route No. 2,102,
from Washington, Guernsey county, to Lowell,
Washington county, Ohio: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. MeCLELLAND: Petition of Capt. John
Martin for a further pension.
By Mr. RELFE: Petition of Robert Miller, Jo-
seph Fawcett and others, asking Congress to pass a
law by which the sense of the people of the United
States can be taken as to the constitutionality of
banks, paper money, &c.
By Mr. PARMENTER: Memorial of Martin
Colliers, of Charlestown, Massachusetts, in relation
to the official conduct of Gen. Henderson of the
marine corps. Also, the petition of Nathaniel R.
Whitney and 55 others, legal voters of East Cam-
bridge, Massachusetts, for the abolition of the spirit-
ration in the United States navy; which memorial
and petition were referred to the Committee on Naval
AiTsirs>
By Mr. TYLER: Petition of Seymour D. Shaw
and others, praying for the erection of alight-house
at the mouth of Cattaraugus creek, New York, and
for the prosecution of the unfinished works at thai
place. Also, the petition ofH. Stoddard and others,
for the same. Also, the petition of H. Sturns and
others, for the same. Also, the petition of Loren
Strong and others, for the same. Also, the petition
of Capt. 0. Connor and others, for the same.
By Mr. JEREMIAH BROWN: Petition of
Philip Schnell, a soldier of the revolution, asking for
a pension.
By Mr. HARPER: Petition of Joseph Gil-
man and 59 others, citizens of Indiana, praying for
a grant of land to aid in the completion of the Wa-
bash and Erie canal: referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
By Mr. DILLINGHAM: Petition of Calvin
Morrill and others, citizens of Caledonia county,
Vermont, praying for a reduction of postage, and
an abridgment of the franking privilege.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 25, 1844.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Senate
a communication from the War Department, trans-
mitting, in compliance with the act reorganizing that
department, statements of contracts made by the bu-
reaus of Ordnance and Construction, Provision and
Clothing; which, on motion of Mr. HUNTING-
DON, were ordered to lie on the table.
FOSTER presented a petition from Eliza
ury, widow of a deceased naval officer, praying
for a naval pension fund; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented a memorial of
the Hartford and New Haven Railroad company,
praying a remission of duty on certain railroad iron
laid down on the Hartford and Springfield railroad:
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. STURGEON presented a memorial from cit-
izens of Washington county, Pennsylvania, praying
for a reduction of the rates of postage: referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a memorial from Hi-
ram Barney, in behalf of himself and other persons,
praying the repeal of the law of March, 1843, au-
thorizing the running of boundary lines of the reser-
vation for the use of the Sac and Fox ti-ibe of Indi-
ans, so as to leave the boundary as it was originally:
referred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. W. also presented a petion from James W.
Lowe, asking for compensation for the capture of
the British private armed schooner Ann, during tl\e
late war: referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WRIGHT presented to the Senate a letter
superscribed to him, from C. Edwards Lester, Amer-
ican consul at Genoa, representing that the Duraz-
zo family are about to offer their celebrated library
for sale, and urging upon Congress the propriety of
making a purchase thereof, which can be effected
for $30,000: referred to the Committee on the Li-
brary.
Mr. WOODBURY presented a similar letter
which was addressed to him. It received the same
reference.
Mr. ARCHER gave notice that he would, on tb-
uiotr
HP
mu
morrow, ask leave to introduce a bill to change the
time of holding the circuit court in the western disr
trict of Virginia.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Henry M.
Cruger and William Duppyster; which was.read,
and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented a petition from
the administrator of John Judge, praying compenr
sation for a machine invented by him for testing the
strength of cables: referred to the Committee on
Navd Affairs.
Mr. UPHAM, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to which was referred the petition
of the heirs of Dr. George Davis, a surgeon's mate
in the army, for certain compensation, made an ad-
verse report thereon; which was ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
THE SECOND REGIMENT OF DRAGOONS.
Mr. BARROW, from a majority of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, reported a bill to repeal so
much of the act of 31st August, 1842, as authorizes
the 2d regiment of dragoons to be converted into a
rifle corps; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
CONSULAR ESTABLISHMENT.
The resolution heretofore introduced by Mr. Sem-
ple, was taken up and read, as follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to cause to be communicated to the
Senate—
1. A list of all the consuls, vice-consuls, and com-
mercial agents, now in the service of the United
States, together with the country and particular port
or place at which they reside.
2. Whether all the consuls, vice-consuls, and
commercial agents aforesaid, have made regular
returns of the fees and perquisites which they
have received, and of the tonnage and commerce of
the United States within their respective consulates
or agencies, according to the instructions of the Sec-
retary of State.
3. The amount of fees and perquisites which
such consuls, vice-consuls, and commercial agents,
have received during the years 1842 and 1843, as far
as returns have been received.
4. The number of vessels and the amount of ton-
nage of the United States which entered and cleared
within each of the consulates and agencies aforesaid
during the year 1842 and the year 1843, as far as
returns have been received. And also the number
of seamen belonging to the United States that have
been provided for and sent home from each of the
said consulates during the time aforesaid.
Mr. HUNTINGTON said the resolution was
laid on the table at his suggestion, with a view to
ascertain whether it was broad enough to cover a
call for information of the amounts paid by consuls
abroad for the relief of destitute seamen. He had
examined the resolution, and had come to the'eon-
clusion that his object will be as well attained in
another form, as by an amendment to it. He knew
that the expense of transporting seamen from abroad,
who were in a destitute condition, was very con-
siderable. His object in making the call, he sug-
gested, was to ascertain, from the accounts of mon-
eys paid by the consuls for that object, what fur-
ther legislation was required to produce economy in
that branch of expenditure, and to give greater re-
lief, if necessary, to destitute seamen.
Mr. FOSTER said he had an amendment to
make, which was to extend the inquiry in the reso-
lution, so as to ascertain how many consuls are in
the service, who are not citizens of the United
States, and the place of their respective residences.
Mr. F. proposed an amendment in accordance with
this suggestion, which was accepted by Mr. Sem-
ple; and the resolution, as thus modified, was
adopted.
Mr. FULTON presented a petition from Mary
Morrice, of the city of Washington, asking to be
placed on the navy pension list: referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
RIVER IMPROVEMENTS.
The CHAIR announced the .general orders; the
first bill on which, was that to grant a quantity of
land to aid in the improvement of the Fox and Wis-
consin rivers, and to connect the same by a canal
m the territory of Wisconsin.
Mr. TAPPAN said he had, since yesterday, pre-
pared his amendments so as to meet the views ex-
pressed by the senator from Alabama. He then
