190
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
a navigation company; as hewouid proceed _ to
show- It would be bowie in' mind, that when this
bill was first read, it had attracted his attention, and
he -asked for time to look into it. Having done
so, he felt bound to give the result of that investi-
gation to the Senate.
By an act passed in 1837 and 1838, Congress had
granted 500,000 acres of land to cut a canal in Wis-
consin, from Milwaukee to Rock river. This was
to be accomplished by the aid of a navigation com-
pany, whose charter by the Territory had been con-
firmed by Congress. On reading that charter, it
would be seen that the corporation had power to
locate and construct a canal from Milwaukie to
Bock river; but they had power, too, to "locate
and construct a branch canal to Pox river, &c."
Now he did not feel sure but an appropriation under
this act, for the "purpose of constructing this canal
to Fox river," would be taken and construed to be
an appropriation for the benefit of this branch canal.
Me rather thought it would be. If so intended, it
should be disclosed plainly. If not, (and he pre-
sumed the Senate did not mean it,) then there was
much doubt whether it was not, in truth and fact,
done by this bill. In that view of it, the bill would
operate as a donation to the navigation company.
For that reason alone, if he had no other, he would
vote for the indefinite postponement of this biil.
Granting that this canal was a necessary and
proper work in Wisconsin, he preferred to postpone
its execution until the-lands were sold and the mo-
ney collected. If the money was to be appropri-
ated, he was in favor of gathering it first, and appro-
priating it afterwards; and he thought it the best
policy, in works of internal improvement, to get
the money before spending it. He thought, at this
late day, the general government should not begin
the policy of executing internal improvements first,
and raising the money afterwards, in the face of
the disastrous experience of the States.
After some remarks upon the shape of the bill,
insisting it wns not calculated to carry out the wish-
es of those who were adverse to it in its original
shape, Mr. H. concluded with a motion to post-
opne it indefinitely.
Mr. TALLMADGE said that, if there was any
thing necessary to enable senators to vote more un-
derstandingiy on this bill, he would have no objec-
tion to the proposed postponement; particularly as
he was satisfied that the obstacles thrown out by the
senator from North Carolina [Mr. Haywood] would
prove to be no obstacles at all. He had no desire to
enter into a discussion on this subject. It was one
with which every member was familiar; and every
one who had paid attention to this grant of lands
would see that it was no burden oil the government
at all; on the contrary, its object was one of good
policy. But now the senator from North Carolina
would have the whole policy of Congress reversed
and subverted.
The great and national object of it was to provide
a highway for this government, by which it
could transport its troops and munitions of war,
and especially its supplies in times of peace. The
War Department had reported to the Senate the
great object of this work. The benefits which the
government would derive in a time of war from im-
provements of this description, would readily be
conceivcd- Had the canals of New York been
made during the last war, the whole expense of
construction would have been saved to the govern-
ment in the operations of a single campaign.
An improvement of this kind was not "to be esti-
mated by the expense; for the expense was a mere
nothing in comparison with the advantages which
the government would derive from it. In this opera-
tion there was no expense to the government.
Should we be told that there was no power on the
part of the part of government, and that we were
takin? away this common fur.d from other portions
of the Union, when we were appropriating it for
great national purposes, and in a territory of which
the government was the guardian? 1'iu the gentle-
man told us we had no power to make this appro-
priation; and had criticised the word "grant.'' He
(Mr. Tallmadse) admitted that ill this technical
difficulty there was some foundation for criticism
but it had been changed to the word "appropriate."
Had not the government a right to appropriate'
What had it done for States and other Territories?
Could not as much be done for a Territory as for a
State?
500,000 acres of land were granted to each State—
the same amount of land was granted to each ter-
ritory when it became a ijtate, in order to put j? en
an equality with the rest of'the Sates. This was a
technical grant. It was the language on the statute-
book; ana there is stood now.- Had Congress not
a right to set apart these lands, and say they should
be sold hereafter? If it had a right to appropriate
in that way, i t had a right to appropriate these lands,
and on the sale of them to receive the proceeds.
There was nothing, therefore, in this criticism on
the word "grant" or "appropriate." Congress had a
right to appropriate lands as it pleased, or the pro-
ceeds as it pleased. But the grant was limited.
The senator had found that, on a former occasion,
some lands had been granted for making a canal
from Milwaukie to the head of Rock river; and
that there was leave given to a corporation to
make a branch canal to Pox river; but there
was no company now; or if there was, it had noth-
ing to do with the canal now proposed to be made.
The improvements were for the purpose of making
communication through the country for the purposes
of commerce, and for improving the public domain.
If they had the power to run a brancli to Fox river,
that had nothing to do with the improvements. But
he agreed that it was necessary to get the money for
the accomplishment of these improvements, before
spending it. That they intended.to do; but they
should never get it on the plan proposed by the
senator from North Carolina, [Mr. Haywood.]
How was he to get the money? Did he propose to
wait till the lands were sold, and the money in
the treasury? Now he (Mr. T.) apprehended that
the senator would refuse it, when called upon to
appropriate money out of the treasury for this pur-
pose. But the advocates of the bill proposed to
raise means in sueh a way that neither the gov-
ernment nor the States should suffer. They pro-
posed to depend on the alternate sections reserved
for the United States, so that the government would
receive as much money as it would if the whole
were sold at the minimum price.
He hoped, therefore, that the question would be
Aiken on the motion of indefinte postponement. If
it should be decided, as he hoped it would, he would
then propose to postpone the further consideration of
the bill till to-morrow.
The question was then put on the motion to post-
pone indefinitely.
Mr. TAPPAN said there was one point of view
which the senator from North Carolina had not con-
sidered.
The government of the United States was the
greatest land speculator in the world. It bought land
to sell. It trades in lands. It wanted to bring its
lands into market in the best manner; which this im-
provement, so far as the lands in that neighborhood
went, would accomplish. He asked the senator
from North Carolina, ifhe owned these lands, could
he devise a better mode of improving his estate—of
fpbling its value—than by making these improve-
ents? The tiers of lands on each side of the canal
were improved in price; and the half of them reserv-
ed for the government would produce double the
price with the improvements, that they would if no
such improvements were made.
Mr. HAYWOOD replied to the last remarks of
the senator from Ohio,[Mr. Tapjpan,] by asking him,
if the lands were his, would he give away half of'
them to make the improvement; and when that was
made, the other half to the State which was to enjoy
the benefit of it.
The discussion was continued by Messrs. HAY-
WOOD, TALLMADGE, and KING.
At Mr. BAGBY'S suggestion, the further consid-
eration of the. subject was postponed until to-morrow,
for the purpose of enabling him to make further in-
quiries into the nature of the bill.
THE OREGON TERRITORY.
The CHAIR announced that the spccisl order of
the day war; the lesohuioii offered by the Sepator
from Illinois oil the StJi instant; which was accor-
dingly taken up and read, as follows:
Resolvtd, Th.it the President of the United States
be requested to give notice to the British govern-
ment that it is the desire of the government of the
United States to annul and abrogate the provisions
of the 3d article of the contention concluded be-
tween the Government of the United States of
America and his Britannic Majesty the King of the
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, on
the 20th of October, 1818, and indefinitely continued
by the convention between the same parties, signed
at London, the 6th of August, 1S27.
Mr. ARCHER said it would be in the recollec-
tion of the Senate, that when this subject was last
under consideration, he waived the motion It was
then his purpose to make, in courtesy to the Senator
from Illinois, the mover of the resolution. He gave
that Senator notice, however, at the time, that it was
only in courtesy to him that he (Mr. A.) postponed
that motion. He now rose in pursuance of his
original purpose, to move the reference of the reso-
lution to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
It was well known to every senator that this gov-
vernment was in daily expectation of the arrival
of a minister from England, chaiged with a
mission of amity to this country in relation to this
very subject. It did not seem to him, (Mr. A.)
at sueh a moment, either fit, decorous, or advisable,
in any way to meet that minister—a minister
charged with evidences of pacific solicitude—how?—
with a declaration, at the very threshold, that how-
ever amicable his mission, or the purpose of his
government might be, the Senate of the United States, ,
disregarding all such indications, had passed a reso-
lution rejecting negotiation.
He put it to the senator from Illinois, might he
not consider this resolution, a declaiation that the
Senate did not mean to sanction any negotiation at
all? Did not the gentlemen on the other side, say
openly on a late occasion, that it was their wish—
their purpose—to obstruct every negotiation? Would
not that declaration, in connexion with this resolu-
tion, be conclusive evidence that, although the
executive of this government had solicited the
negotiation, and, at the instance of the British gov-
ernment, it had been transferred to this country, to
be held in this capital, instead of in London, another
branch of the government would render all negotia-
tion fruitless?
Those were considerations which ought to prevent
any action of this government partaking so much
of the character of indecorum. The government of
this country asked that of Great Britain to negotiate
a treaty on the subject of Oregon. The British gov-
ernment said, in reply, it was ready to make a trea-
ty; and, for that purpose, would send its special
minister to the seat of government here. And now
this government says, notwithstanding our invita-
tion, we will not treat with you at all.
The Senate could not be prepared—the country
could not be prepared—to recognise conduct to-
wards the government of Great Britain, or any other
government, so disreputable as this, independent of
all considerations of the results of such a course.
Where was the pressing necessity for legislative ac-
tion on this subject' How long was it probable
this negotiation should last' Some two or three
months, perhaps; not more. He (Mr. A.) had learn-
ed to-day, in a communication from New York, that
Mr. Packenham, the British negotiator, had actually
embarked. He would speedily be here, and it was
evident the negotiation could not last so long as to
throw any serious obstacle in the way of legislation
on the subject, should it be rendered necessary this
session. The delay, at most, would not exceed two
or three months. If the negotiation terminates
satisfactorily, there will be no occasion for sueh a
resolution as this; because the new treaty will super-
sede the old treaty. If it does not result satisfacto-
rily, would there not be time enough to pass the res-
olution then' Would not every benefit of legislation
be as available then as now; %nd with the additional
recommendation that this government had violated
no_ decorum, had manifested no impatience, and had
evinced no disposition to obstruct friendly overtures?
If this government was to insist on its claims to
the territory as an incontestable right—the gentle-
men from the western States were resolved on hav-
ing this Territory, whether the whole is incontesta-
ble or not—were tlicy resolved to have at the cost of
the peace of this nation? He did not mean to us?
discourtesy, but he could not help declaring that it
hpd pressed itself on his mind that they had so
highly excited and inflamed their imaginations on
this subject, that even if an arrangement could
be made with Great Britain to surrender peaceable
possession of the territory to this government, the
gentlemen would be almost unwilling to take it,
oecausc it was not obtained at the expense of a war
with England; that it was not so much a desire for
the territory itself, as a feeling of chivalry—a desire
to "run a muck" at Great Britain, no matter which
side came off victorious.
At a proper time he should be willing to go along
with the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr."SEKPLj;,] m
asserting whatever it was proper for this govern-
ment to assert, in relation to the rights of territory of
this country. But he wanted to do this in a proper
manner. He wanted to do it in such g. manner w
