dONGRESSfoNAfc
Wt
would not only violate tK> national obligation, but
also in such a manner as would violate no national
decorum—in such a manner as to jeopard neither
the honor nor the interests of the country. This
■was a confession of peace he was willing to make—
although bora South of Mason and t Dixon's lir.e—
that he would rather obtain the rights of this nation
in relation to the Oregon Territory, without war,
and without any vaporing exhibition of spirit not re-
quired on the occaesion. He therefore would tell
the honorable senator from Illinois that he made this
motion, not with any purpose of action on the part
of the Committee on Foreign Relations, but that it
might be detained by that committee till the negotia-
tion about to take place should be determined one
way or other, and which it might now be anticipated
would be in progress within the next three weeks.
[Here Mr. JBochanan intimated, from his seat,
that the motion to refer the resolution might throw
an obstacle in the way of a reply from the senator
from Illinois.]
The senator from Pennsylvania, he understood,
suggested that his (Mr. A.'s) motion would obstruct
reply. He had only to say, that it was well
known to the Senate that he was never deficient
of courtesy to any senator, as he trusted he had
evinced no later than yesterday. But the motion he
now made to refer the resolution to the Committee
on Foreign Relations, was open to debate. He was,
himself, reluctant to go into debate, and should not
do so unless drawn into it. He had frankly avowed
that his purpose was to obstruct action altogether
till the period he had intimated shall have arrived—
until the negotiation is made or abandoned. It
would then be time enough, he thought, for legisla-
tion—time enough to adopt this proposition, which,
lie agreed with the Senator from Illinois, was the
proper mode of action.
Mr. SEMPLE observed, that after the resolution
had been so long delayed, he did not anticipate that
it would be subjected to further procrastination. He
certainly had no objection, when it was first intro-
duced, to its temporary postponement till every
senator should have time to prepare himself
for discussion on the subject. He did not, at
present, see any propriety in referring it to the
Committee on Foreign Relations—the object only
being to postpone it to an indefinite period. When
a reference was made to a committee, it was usually
for inquiry; but the senator from "Virginia had avow-
ed his object to be to prevent, by its delay, any inter-
ference with a negotiation on the subject now in
progress. The senator said that no obstacles should
be thrown in the way of that negotiation. Now,
he (Mr. S.) thought this was a matter to be consid-
ered in two points of view. He doubted, in the
first instance, whether the passage of this resolution
would have any effect whatever on the negotiation.
The existing treaty was one made some time ago;
and it provides in itself its mode of termination. It
is to continue in force until one or the other of the
parties bound by it shall think proper to put an end
to the treaty, by a year's notice of discontinuance.
The very terms of the treaty presuppose that the
party which insisted on that clause was not satisfied
with the joint occupation provided for in the treaty.
What, then, was the object of this resolution, now
under consideration, but to express the opinion of
this government that it was not satisfied, and ask
that the treaty should be abrogated?
When the notice of discontinuance was given,
this government would be better prepared to begin
negotiation, than it possibly could be with the treaty
in full force and its termination undetermined.
That notice must be given one year before the treaty
could be abrogated; and was the senator satisfied
that, during the term of this notice, its existence
would prevent negotiation? It seemed to him (Mr.
S.) that there was a great difference with respect to
the position of the two parties to the treaty: Great
Britain was satisfied with it; this.country was not.
The resolution would show that. He would, there-
fore, consider that the senator from Virgina was
entirely mistaken in supposing that the passage of
the resolution would be deemed by any one as dis-
courteous to Great Britain, or that it would at all
interfere with the negotiation. But there was anoth-
er point of view. The senator said no step ought
to be taken that would interfere with the negotiation.
Now, was that true? One of the objects he (Mr.
S.) had in view was, to express the opinion of this
Senate that it could not agree to any treaty
that would recognise . the joint occupation of
the territory. Was it not proper to express-
guch an opinion? Wa* the Senate to git there,
and never say anything on the subject till 'the
treaty was made? That was a question fully dis-
cussed on another resolution lately before the*Sen-
ate, [Mr. Allex's;] and had it been introduced in
executive session, that resolution would have been
adopted.
He did not say that it was obligatory to pass this
resolution, but that it was a public matter, which
could not interfere with the negotiation in any other
way than, in a proper manner, to express the opinion
of the Senate as to what cannot be negotiated. Was
it not best to do this before the negotiation was en-
tered into? But the truth was, he had not unlimited
confidence in negotiations as the best mode of se-
curing national rights. He beliejed this country
had been a good deal cheated in negotiations—that
it had been betrayed into giving up a good deal of
territory in that way; and he was, therefore, unwil-
ling to let this negotiation go on without knowing
what might be the final result.
He did not intend to enter further into discus-
sion on this resolution, and hoped that, after being
laid over so long, it would be allowed to pass with-
out debate; but as the senator from Virginia seemed
disposed to obstruct it by delay, it was obvious that
such a course would call up debate; and as sena-
tors might not be prepared for it, he should have
no objection to a postponement till to-morrow if de-
sired. He had not risen to enter into discussion
himself—his desire being solely to express the ob-
ject he had in introducing the resolution, and then
to let it go to the vote on its adoption. He would,
however, much rather it were postponed to a fu-
ture day, if the Senate thought proper, than to
have it referred to a committee hostile to its con-
sideration within the time it could effect the object
he had in view.
It was well known that, m the western country,
the people felt a deep interest with respect to the
occupation of Oregon. He believed, something like
a year ago, several public meetings were called in*
the States of Missouri and Illinois; at which the
universal opinion r prevailed that the Territory of
Oregon ought to be occupied by the government of
the United States without delay. This was an opinion
expressed by persons of different political parties.
There was one united voice of the whole section of
country in favor of immediate occupation. There
was a large meeting at the seat of government during
the sitting of the last session of the legislature of
Illinois, at which the most unqualified opinion was
given that no delay should take place on this sub-
ject. At the convention, held last summer in Cin-
cinnati, it was resolved that they would not agree or
consent to any negotiation that would give up any
part of the territory of Oregon between the 42d and
54th degrees of north latitude. Citizens of the
United States had gone to the territory for pur-
poses of hunting and trading with the Indians; and
more recently for making settlements. The very
last year, 1,000 or 1,500 went to make settlements
there. They have gone to reclaim this vast wil-
derness,and to unite, by civilization and human inter-
course, the shores of the Pacific with the great
West of this Union. The attempt to open an
easy communication has been made, and that is
now accomplished by wagons. This government
is bound to support and protect her citizens
there, on her own territory. It is impossible for it
to to overlook the expression of public opinion on
this point, so emphatically and universally pro-
nounced. How was it to act? Was it to allow Great
Britain to exercise jurisdiction over its citizens?
He thought not. He thought this government was
bound to put an end to the treaty of joint occupancy,
which gives Great Britain any pretext for arrogating
territorial power in Oregon.
This thing of joint occupation by nations at peace
was an anomaly. He did not know that he had
ever before heard or read of such a thing. He had
heard of a country being jointly occupied by two
contending powers; but not by two friendly powers.
He recollected hearing of the joint occupation of
Tennessee and Kentucky; but even m that instance,
the people were very near having great difficulties,
growing out of their mutual_ positions, the conse-
quence of their joint occupancy. Governments are
always tenacious on this subject. All had seen the
difficulties between the States of Michigan, Ohio,
and Missouri, and Iowa. The general government
should be cautious how it allowed such an equivocal
position to exist a moment longer than it could be
avoided. , , ,
These were the views and reasons which induced
hurt to introduce- this - resoteSfeni"
as a matter of great importance. • *
He would not now detain the; Senate hydotaililig
further these views. He should merely' express ^
a hope that the resolution would not be referred Ha
the Committee on Foreign Relations. If it.must be1
referred to any committee, he would suggest that
the special committee raised on the subject of the
Oregon Territory would be the proper committee;
He would, however, prefer its consideration now.
Should this not meet the approbation' of the Senate;
he would postpone it to a future day.
Mr. BUCHANAN had the misfortune to/differ
from the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations. He thought it would be neither di&re*
spectful to Great Britain, nor obstructive to the nego-
tiation, to adopt the resolution. He' believed it
was due to the interests and honor of the coun-
try, that notice should be given to terminate
the joint occupation. He wished to say a.
few words on this subject; but it was late; if;*
however, it was postponed, he would avail himself
of the opportunity, when it came up again, to sub-
mit his views".
Mr. ATCHISON remarked that he felt a great
interest in the subject, and would take occasion to
express his views upon it. He had no doubt the
whole merits of the question would be discussed- on
the resolution; and would acquiesce in the sugges-'
tion of the senator from Pennsylvania as to the pro-
priety of postponing the resolution. The treaty al-
lowing the joint occupation should never have been -
made. It was unadvisedly ratified at the time; .for
the benefit of it accrued to England alone. That
government was well satisfied with the treaty as it'
now exists, and would be willing that it should be
continued to all time; for the reason alone that she
derives all the benefit. Gentlemen on the other
side had resisted the passage of the bill for the oc-
cupation and settlement of that Territory, hereto-
fore, because the notice now proposed to be given
by this resolution had not been given; but now they
were opposed to giving that notice, because they ap-
prehended that it would have an injurious effect on
the negotiations about to be commenced for the set-
tlement of the title. He hoped, however, the reso-
lution would pass. - ■
Mr. ARCHER rose for the purpose of concurring.
in the proposition of postponement made by the sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, and suggested to the senator
from Illinois, that he had also better concur in a
postponement for a longer time than Tuesday next.
That senator would recollect that, a few days ago, ft.
memorial was sent in by Mr. Greenhow, relative to ti
history of the Oregon Territory he was preparing, of
vast importance as regarded the title of the United
States; which memorial was referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations, of which he (Mr. A.) had
the honor to be the organ. The book has not yet
been completed. Only a part had yet been sent to
the committee. The remainder was expected in a few
days. He suggested to the senator to let the post-
ponement take place until the whole of that book
could be examined; if he did not do so, he (Mr. A.),
would have the advantage of having derived all the
information it afforded, while the rest of the Senate-
would be entirely ignorant of iis contents.
Mr. BENTON. We on this side want no books
in this case.
Mr. ARCHER. I have only to say to the Sen-
ator from Missouri that his opinions will be strength-
ened by a perusal of this book; for it makes out
a most incontestable case of title on the part of the
United States.
Mr. BENTON. I believe I can inform the Sen-
ator from Virginia, that I have seen and read, and
know more than can be written on this subject by
Mr. Greenhow, or more than that gentleman ever
heard of it.
Mr. ARCHER. Of that I have not the least
doubt; because I must do the senator from Missouri
the justice to say, that he is the most laborious and
best'informed statesman on all subjects of that kind,
I know of. But wc are not all so well informed;
and if the gentlemen on the other side wish full in-
formation, they will have the advantage of it by the
postponement.
The discussion was continued for a short time by
Messrs. ALLEN and MOR.EHEAD.
Mr. SEMPLE then observed that the resolution
had been introduced on the 8th instant; it was now
the 25th. It was evident he had not urged it has-
tily or impatiently. He would consent to its fur-
ther postponement till Tuesday next, (Monday be«
IPS the upecial order for Mr, McDvrr«'  reply t?*
