208
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Fine on General Jackson—Mr. Barnard.
H. of Reps.
eral-ticket members hold their seats. I have shown
you that, if this resolution pass in the negative, ex-
pulsion must follow as a matter of course. ' If, then,
the views of our opponents prevail, you will have
violated the constitution to sustain an abortive party
act of the last Congress, and reversed a long line of
precedents, broken only by the single exception of
the case of William Blount: If this is to be done,
let the responsibility of abolishing the representation
of four sovereign States rest upon those who dare to
assume it.
These, sir, are the imputed "enbrmities"—treason,
murder, piracy, robbery, defamation, insult to the
Houeie, disgrace to the country, and the overthrow
of this confederation, &c., &c., &c.—to punish the
advocation and defence of which ineffectual attempts
have been made. As for assaults and batteries, they
seem, of late years, to have been passed over in
silence and with contempt by the House. Why,
sir, I hold in my hand a list of congressional- fist-
fights, that have actually occurred on this floor
within your own recollection. I must in justice,
however, say that all of them came off over the way,
on the whig side of this hall, and one of them at the
very seat occupied by the honorable member,
commonly called the "venerable" gentleman from
Massachusetts.
Mr. Adams, with great warmth. Sir, I was not
engaged in that fight; I did not occupy this seat at
that time.
Be that as it may, Mr. Speaker, my list shows
that within the last five or six years there have been
three fights m the House, 1. 7'urney and Bell; 2.
Bynum and Riee Garland; 3. Wise and Stanly. This
last conflict called together a number of members,
who, in attempting to separate the combatants, got
at it themselves, and presented, for a while, quite a
"battle royal," or what, in legal parlance, might be
called a "riot." At length, however, my friend
from Alabama [Mr. Lewis] strode into their midst,
and with his herculean strength ended the scene, by
lifting the antagonists entirely out of each other's
reach. Here were three principal cases of "disor-
derly behavior," (to say nothing of the letter-writers
who have been assaulted and battered by members)
in none of which did the House deem it incumbent
on them to inflict the punishment of expulsion or
censure. Yet our opponents are moving heaven and
earth to expel the representatives of four States, for
what I suppose, they would call the "disorderly be-
havior" of their constituents, in not regarding the
inoperative second section of the apportioment act.
Sir, I have said that the constitution, and the laws
made in pursuance thereof, are creative and conserv-
tive—not destructive or disorganizing. No one will
deny this simple proposition, as an abstraction.
But our opponents are striving to illustrate its im-
practicability, by destroying the representation of
four States; and thereby disorganizing the House of
Representatives, and consequently abolishing the
government under color sustaining an act of Con-
gress. Of what, sir, is our federal government com-
posed? Of the executive, the judiciary, and the leg-
islative departments. Either, and all of them, but
most especially the legislative department, are vitally
essential to the existence of the government. The
executive and judiciary might indeed be destroyed,
and yet, if the legislature—the fountain of all law—be
left untouched, some sort of a government would
exist. But, if the federal legislature be curtailed of
its fair proportions, the mam feature of the whole
system would be abolished. That legislature is
composed of a Senate and House of Representatives;
and the House itself is "composed of members
choscn every second year by the people of the sev-
eral Stoles." Now apply the test to this law. Sus-
tain it, and expel the representatives of four States—
21 members m all—and what sort of a House of
Representatives will you have left? Why, sir, in-
stead of die House prescribed by the constitution,
you will have one composed of members chosen by
the people of twenty-two States only. Would that be
the "House of Representatives" of the twenty-six
States of this Union?
Again: look at the consequences to result from
sustaining this districting act by expelling these
members, for cause other than "disorderly be-
havior," and on a vote of a bare majority. If the
whig party achieve their purpose, they put it, here-
after, into the power of seven States of the Union to
abolish the representation of the other nineteen
States, and thus erect a despotism on this floor, by
comroling its legislation. For example: New York
has 34 votes, Pennsylvania 24, Virginia 15, Ohio
21, Massachusetts JO, South Carolina 7. These
make an aggregate of 111 votes, a full minority; just
add the single representative, from Arkansas, and
you have 112—a bare majority of the whole; but
yet as effective, in counting by yeas and nays, as
the whole number  f 223. Nay, sir, if you include
North Carolina, with her 9 representatives, you
may exclude South Carolina and Arkansas, and
leave six States in full possession of the primary
legislative assembly of the American people. Will
you sustain a law, even if constitutional and opera-
tive, the effects and consequences of which may be as
I have demonstrated? This power, you will remem-
ber, is claimed to be discretional; a censorial, summa-
ry power, unrestrained by the constitutional limit of
"disorderly behavior," or a vote of two-thirds.
What, then, if these principles prevail, is to prevent
six States, constituting a majority of votes in the
House, from stepping in and usurping the govern-
ment; and leaving you the Speaker of a mere "quo-
rumi to do business," but no longer the chief officer of
such a House of Representatives as is prescribed by
the organic law of the land? High as that seat now
is—the third place in honor and dignity under the fed-
eral government—would you retain it, if this political
decimation were effected? If you did, you and your
"quorum to do business" would soon suffer, at the
hands of an enraged people, the same expulsion you
liad inflicted on the minority.
There is another view of this case, sir. Take
the non-slaveholding States, count their Votes, and
bear in mind this doctrine of summary censo-
rial power, and a majority .vote; and let us see
"to what complexion we may come at last." Maine
has seven votes, New Hampshire four, Mssachusetts
ten, Rhode Island four, Connecticct four, Vermont
four, New York thirty-four, New Jersey five, Penn-
sylvania twenty-four, Ohio twenty-one—in all, one
hundred and fifteen,—three more than a majority.
Suppose the "venerable" gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, or his "unwarranted and unwarrantable"
friend from Ohio, should, at some future day, find
these one hundred and fifteen representatives as de-
voted to "human rights" as they themselves now
are: what, think you, would be uppermost in their
minds, and what the consequence? First, the old
John Smith summary-censorial-authority; then the
majority vote in this case; then the expulsion of
the one hundred and eight slaveholding representa-
tives; the reception of the abolition petitions; the
abrogation of the federal basis of representation;
the recognition of the sable republic of Hayti; and
then, the last eventful scene of all, the grand finale,
would be the glorious consummation of human
rights, by the immediate and universal abolition of
sla [Hera the Speaker's hammer announced
that the inexorable hour had expired, and Mr.
Black took his seat.]
SPEECH OF MR, BARNARD,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives, February 29, find Jan-
uary 2, 1844—On the bill to refund General Jack-
son's Fine.
The following speech on the bill to remit to Gen-
eral Jackson the amount of the fine imposed on him
at New Orleans for contempt of co^rt, was com-
menced in the House of Representatives, in Com-
mittee of the Whole, on Friday, the 29th of Decem-
ber, then interrupted by the adjournment of the
House, and continued on Tuesday, the 2d of Jan-
uary, and again interrupted by the operation of the
one-hour rule. No further opportunity having oc-
curred for completing the view of the subject in-
tended to have been presented, this sketch is made
to embrace some matter winch was cut oft' in the
manner stated.
Mr. BARNARD spoke to the following effect:
Mr. Chairman: Of course, I understand that this
bill is to pass this House, and I am not at all sur-
prised at the impatient zeal which we have seen
manifested m its behalf. Of course, I understand
also that the 8th of January is at hand, which "the
party" have already determined to signalize licre at
the capital by public demonstrations, and that it is
deemed important this bill should be forced through
preparatory to the patriotic performances of that
day. I sh ll not stand long in the way, but I can-
not consent to let this bill go to the vote, without
stating to the House my visws of the nature and
effect of the measure here proposed. There are,
doubtless, those in this House who are not familiar
with the facts in relation to the fine imposed upon
General Jackson, who will yet, as "true men," be
expected to vote for this bill. It will do them no
harm to know something of these facts before they
vote. Besides, gentlemen had better moderate the
violence of their sudden zeal for what they call an
act of justice to General Jackson. It will look bet-
ter. " They have been rather long and late in making
the discovery that the remission of this fine is an act
of justice due from the country. It is twenty-nine
years since the battle of New Orleans was fought,
and for twenty-six years, or thereabouts, this re-
mission was never once proposed; and that is rather
a long period for men's sense of injustice to sleep,
especially towards a successful military chieftain,
and one who has all the while filled a large space in
the popular regard. And these halls have not always
been filled with the enemies or opponents of General
Jackson. Why was not this act of justice thought
of before the close of Mr. Madison's administration
after the war?* or in the administration of Mr. Mon-
roe? Especially we may ask why it was neglected
during the twelve years when General Jackson him-
self and his nominee held the reins of government'
If motives of delicacy restrained his friends in the
period of his own administration, think of his
friends being restrained by motives of delicacy!—
what restrained them in the period of Mr. Van Bu-
ren's administration? No, no;" gentlemen must not
expect the country to'give them much credit for the
clamors in which they now indulge for justice to
General Jackson. They must not be surprised if
they find themselves violently suspected of a desire
and design to produce a certain political effect by
this measure—to waken anew the popular admira-
tion for the heroic deeds of the favorite old chief, in
the hope of turning it to some good account in this
particular juncture of their affairs.
But let this pass. "The party" is welcome to all
they can make out of it for the approaching presi-
dential election. What concerns me much more
nearly, as it should concern all who love their coun-
try, is to take care, as far as may be, that the con-
stitution shall be defended against every species of
violent assault to which it may be subjected in this
House. In my judgment, this bill, considering the
ground on which it is made to stand by those who
present and advocate it, if permitted to pass with-
out some declaratory amendment or saving clause,
must be regarded as aiming a deadly blow at tjie
vital principle of the government, and of all consti-
tutional systems and all regulated liberty.
The bill, to which it is evident enough no amend-
ment whatever is to be allowed, provides that the
sum of one thousand dollars, with the interest from
the day when the fine was imposed and paid, shall
be—not remitted, that is not the word, for that
would imply a pardon which I might be ready
enough to grant, but—shall be refunded or paid back
to General Jackson. The amount of the fine is to
be refunded with interest. , This is precisely what
was done in the case of Matthew Lyon, on whom
a fine had been imposed under what is called the.
sedition law. It was ordered to be refunded with
interest—a course which implied that, in the opin-
ion of Congress, the fine had been wrongfully im-
posed, and the money wrongfully received and re-
tained. The same thing is implied in the present
bill. Nor is this point left to implication.
The refunding of the fine imposed on the General
is demanded mainly on two grounds, the substance
and true effect of which I will state as I understand
them.
The first is, that though it should be admitted
that the civil power rightfully reigned at New Oi-
lcans and not the military, yet the"fine was illegally
imposed, the judge having acted altogether without
authority. To tins ii is added, that the judsre, hav-
ing acted in his own cause, acted vindictively and
oppressively.
The other ground taken in this case is this: that
General Jackson had committed no offence against
the constitution and laws of the country or the pub-
lic authorities, since he had himself suspended all
civil authority and government in New Orleans by
setting up the military power, under the name of
martial law, as supreme and exclusive, which he
had regarded as required by the necessity of the
case; of, which necessity he was the sole judge, re-
sponsible of courss only to the popular sentiment of
the country.
'It is believed, if the correspondence Letw ten the Secre-
tary of WarGeneral .Jackson at the period could be
found, it would \hu\v that his conduct was condemned by
the government m no measured terms Such a correspond-
ence did take place, it is believed; and it is not found in
the War Department. What has become of it?
