CONGRESSIONAL CM,OB
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIYES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER; SESSION, IN ADYAff dj£ '
'ska
28th Cong 1st Sess.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 30, 1844.
Volume 13....No 13.
[Continued from No. 12.]
law of England—a government of moderate despot-
ism—the minority had no right to be heard by a re-
port; but this principle of despotic law had been re-
versed by the American Congress.
Mr. ELMER said he had been opposed to the
printing because he thought it unnecessary; for he
deemed it altogether unimportant whether these
statements should be before the House or not: but,
as a majority of the committee were disposed to
demand the printing, he would vote in favor of the
proposition.
Mr. THOMPSON advocated the printing.
Mr. NEWTON desired to make a few observa-
tions in regard to the suspicion which was said to
attach to the minority of the committee, and to the
friends of Mr. Goggm. It was not desired to sup-
press any facts, or inference from facts, which
might be deemed important. If there was anything
in the argument that was calculated in the least to
enlighten the House, he would be perfectly willing
it should be printed. There was no suppression, at
all events; for the papers were placed upon the table,
and might be examined.
Mr. GILMER observed that he trusted that his
colleague and friend, [Mr. Newton,] when he rea-
soned calmly to Mr. Goggin's case and his own,
Would have no reason to censure him, whether he
considered him a Greek or a Trojan; and he trusted
that he would always consider him as a friend. He
however, said Mr. G. treats me as a Greek—and
thereby admits that he is a Trojan. But when his
colleague spoke of the Greek gifts he offered, he
would ask what those Greek gifts were. Why, a
proposition to print Mr. Goggin's own argument,
prepared by himself, and presenting his case in
the strongest light lie could. This, however, his
colleague supposed, was not for the purpose of bring-
- ing light to the House, but for Buncombe; and he
begged him therefore to recollect that he did not rep-
resent Buncombe; and though his district was a
very large one, it did not quite extend into North
Carolina. As his colleague imputed to him the de-
sign of printing Mr. Goggin's argument to be
used before the people, he would ask him which
of them did that gentleman the most injustice—
he who wished to publish his own statement
of his case, or his colleague who sought to
suppress it? Was there anything in this argument
which the gentleman was ashamed of publishing to
the world? He must be permitted to say that his
colleague had done Mr. Goggm the most injustice;
and that his course had injured him more than any-
thing else. His friend hacl thought proper to allude
to a subject he never should have thought of, and
ascribed to him a pride in controversy. This he
disclaimed; and he trusted that his colleague knew
him too well to suppose that he entertained such a
pride. He surely could not suppose that there was
any personal controversy between him and Mr.
Goggin; for he thought that there were higher
objects of public justice and public interest in
view than a mere personal matter between
two individuals. The gentleman had thought
proper to travel out of the record and al-
lude to the rains in that "misty valley of Vir-
ginia;" but he begged leave to say to him that
Mr. Goggin himself never would allude to that sub-
ject again, because" hewould find that lie would lose
more than he could gain by it. He referred to this
subject, because it was the only original ground on
which his election was contested, and on which Mr.
Goggin gave him a notice; and the only one, there-
fore, on which he was obliged to meet him here.
He could have confined his opponent to that point,
as he had a right to do; but he was unwilling to take
any advantage, and therefore allowed him to bring
testimony on any other points he chose. He would
now say, however, in reference to that matter, that
it was abandoned by all parties as utterly unworthy
of any consideration.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON called for the previous
question; which having been seconded, and the main
question ordered,
Mr. WELLER called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. NEWTON called for a division of the main
question, so as to take it separately on printing the
Wo arguments,
Mr. GILMER said that he did not wish his argu-
ment to be printed unless Mr. Goggin's was printed
with it.
Mr. NEWTON then observed that he would not
ask for a division of the question.
Mr. GARRETT DAYIS renewed his call for a
division of the question.
Mr. WELLER again called for. the yeas and
nays; which were ordered.
Mr. DROMGOOLE submitted that the argu-
ment of his colleague was a response to that of his
opponent; and he considered the one inseparable
from the other.
The CHAIR thought the question was divisible.
Mr. BELSER called for the reading of the argu-
ments. He understood that there were admissions
in both of them; and, if so, they were evidence, and
the best of evidence. Objections being made, Mr.
B. withdrew his request.
Mr. SHENCK called for the reading of the argu-
ments, but objections were made by several; and
the Chair said, therefore, that they could not be
read.
The question was then put on printing Mr. Gog-
gin's argument, and decided in the affirmative—
yeas 124, nays 51.
Mr. SCHENCK moved that all the testimony in
the case be printed. The House had agreed to pub-
lish a part of the case, and he thought the whole
should go to the world together.
Some conversation followed, in which Messrs.
SCHENCK, DROMGOOLE, CAVE JOHNSON,
HAMLIN, GILMER, BIDLACK, DOUGLASS,
BELSER, DICKINSON, and OWEN took part.
Mr. A. V. BROWN said that he was a member
of the Committee of Elections, but had not intended
to say anything on these preliminary and incidental
questions. No one on the committee had ever
thought of, much less proposed to publish, these depo-
sitions. They related to matters about which there
seemed, in the progress of investigation, to be but
little, if any, disagreement of opinion. They related
to the quantity of rain that fell on a certain day in
certain counties of Virginia; whereas the controver-
sy seemed to lie on altogether different grounds.
Much of the testimony about the state of the weather
was ludicrous and unimportant; the notices to take
them, the preambles to them, and the certificates
of those who took them, besides the desul-
tory nature of the questions and answers, would
make a book nearly as large as the one he held in
his hand. It would cost a great deal of money, all
for no profit to members here or to the people of "mis-
ty valley of Virginia," to which one of the members of
that State [Mr. Newton] had tauntingly alluded.
The mover himself had stated that there was no
controversy about the facts; none in the written
statements of the parties that required any part of
these papers to be published; but as the House had
ordered the written statements, or pleadings of the
parties, to be published, he thought it right to pub-
lish everything. Why, this looks like asking it
only in the way of revenge. Revenge for the decision
of the House? He (MivB.) protested against doing
it from this motive. The controversy, as far as
there was one, turned on points not elucidated by
the testimony—points of law under the statutes of
Virginia. Why waste the people's money on un-
necessary printing? As a friend of true economy,
he was opposed to it. To save time, this was all he
chose to say on the subject.
Mr. SCHENK modified his resolution, by add-
ing the following:
"Omitting to print the notices for taking deposi-
tions, and the official certificates attached to the de-
positions, giving only the dates of the taking of the
testimony."
Upon the adoption of the resolution as modified,
the previous question was demanded, and seconded.
Mr. THOMPSON asked of the chairman of the
Committee of Elections whether there was any dis-
agreement as to facts in the two reports of the ma-
jority and minority.
Mr. ELMER said that, not having seen the re-
port of the minority, he could not answer that ques-
tion positively. He understood, however, that there
was no disagreement as to facts.
The question on printing was then taken, and de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 145, nays 47.
Mr. C. JOHNSON asked for the printing of a re-
port from the War Department, the nature of which
was not heard. " ' '
Mr. ADAMS called for the orders of the daj*
Mr. NEWTON asked leave to present, some • ad-.
ditional evidence in the case of a contested election.
Mr. BLACK moved that the House adjourn. '
Mr. SCHENCK asked the gentleman 'from
Georgia to withdraw his motion to adjourn^ in' or-
der that he might give a notice from the Committee
of Elections.
Mr. JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL said that there
were some executive documents on the Speaker's
table, which ought to be laid before the House, and
disposed of before adjourning.
Mr. ADAMS insisted on the orders of die day.
Mr. BLACK said he would withdraw his motion
for the executive documents and for the notice of
-the gentleman from Ohio, but for nothing else.
Mr. ADAMS objected to any other business but
the orders of the day.
The CHAIR said that the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schenck] had a privileged question to offer.
Mr. SCHENCK then gave notice that he would,
on the part of the minority of the Committee of
Elections, to-morrow, present a minority report in
the case of Messrs. Goggin and Gilmer; and he
moved that leave be given for its reception. This
was agreed to by general consent; and Mr. S. re-
newed the motion for adjournment.
Mr. ADAMS called for the yeas and nays on the
motion to adjourn; but, a sufficient number not
rising, the call was not sustained.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL appealed to the House
not to adjourn without disposing of the executive
documents on the Speaker's table.
Mr. ADAMS called for tellers on the question of
adjournment; which were ordered; and the question,
bemg taken, was decided in the affirmative—ayes
82, noes 48.
So the House adjourned.
The following petitions presented to-day were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By Mr. BYRAM GREEN: A petition of the in-
habitants of the county of Wayne, New York, ask-
ing for the abolition of the franking privilege, and a
reduction of the rates of postage.
By Mr. CALDWELL: The petition of Thomas
Graves, of Russell county, Kentucky: referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
By Mr. FRICK: Two memorials of similar im-
ort, from the inhabitants of Columbia county,
Pennsylvania, praying for a reduction of postage,
with a proper restriction of the franking privilege.
By Mr. HOGE: The petition of George W. Rob-
inson and others, citizens of McDonough and Han-
cock counties, in the State of Illinois, praying the
establishment of a mail route from Macomb, in said
counnty of McDonough, via Blandensyille, La-
Harpe, Camp Creek, Pontoome, and Appanooce, to
Nauvoo, in the county of Hancock: referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. SAMPLE: The petition of Alexander
Wilson and 87 others, citizens of Miami county,
praying the establishment of a mail route from In-
dianapolis to Peru, via Broad Ripple, Fannington,
Shieldsville, and Green Town.
By Mr. ROBINSON: A petition of 40 citizens of
'Oswego, New York, praying for an appropriation to
complete the harbor at Oak Orchard, on Lake On-
tario. _
By Mr. PRESTON KING: The petition of in-
habitants of Canton, St. Lawrence county, New
York, to reduce the pay of members of Congress to
$4, and to abolish the franking privilege. Also, the
petition of inhabitants of Brasher, to abridge the
the franking privilege, and reduce the rates of post-
age.
By Mr. McCLERNAND: The memorial of Na-
thaniel B. Blackford and 49 others. Also, the me-
morial of John Saulsbury and 58 others, citizens of
White county, Illinois, praying the donation of flie
refuse lands in the Shawneetown and Palestine
Jand districts, for the improvement of the navig*-.
s
