194
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
gation of the great Wabash river; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Public .Lands.
By Mr. STRONG: The petition of William
Jones and others, praying that Cold Spring, on
• Long Island, New York, may be constituted a port
of entry: referred, together with, other papers on
.the same subject, presented at -the last session, to
the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. PISH: The petition of Charles Rhind,
for additional compensation for services in negotia-
ting a treaty with Turkey.
By Mr. DODGE, of Iowa: The memorial of the
mayor and alderman of the city of Burlington, in
the Territory of Iowa, earnestly praying Congress
for the passage of an act—a form for which accom-
panied the memorial—to enable claimants to the un-
sold lots in said city to perfect their titles: referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Erratum.—In the remarks of Mr Owen, on the
joint occupation of Oregon, delivery in the House
on the 23d January, ana given on pages 178 and 179,
for ''This negotiating about what does not belong to
us," read "This negotiating about what already be-
longs to us."
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 26, 1844.
The journal of yesterday having been read and
approved—
Mr. HUNGERFORD, from the Committee on
Retrenchment, reported the following resolution;
which was adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Retrenchment
be empowered to send for and examine persons and
papers.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL rose to a question of
privilege; and referred to and read the 15th and
] 6th rules of the House, in these words:
"15. Stenographers, wishing to take down the de-
bates, may be admitted by the Speaker, who shall
assign such places to them on the floor, or elsewhere,
to effect their object, as shall not interfere with the
convenience of the House.
"16. No person shall be allowed the privilege of
the Hall, under the character of stenographer, with-
out a written permission from the Speaker, specify-
ing the part of the hall assigned to him; and no re-
porter or stenographer shall be admitted under the
rules of the House, unless such reporter or stenog-
rapher shall state, in writing, for what paper or
papers he is employed to report."
' He proceeded to state that he found, in a certain
newspaper, called the United States Gazette,
which had been sent to him this morning, the fol-
lowing false account of a transaction which occurred
in that House:
"A scene of some little sensation, as the French
term it, occurred in the House, upon Mr. Adams's
presenting some resolutions from the legislature of
Massachusetts, similar to those he presented some
time ago, and to those presented by Mr. Bates in the
Senate. Objections were made to their reception;
and the usual fuss was raised. Mr. Adams called
for the ayes and noes. Some conversation occurred
in regard to whether they were signed by the Gov-
ernor, &c.; during which Mr. C. J. Ingersoll took
occasion to inquire of Mr. Adams if the resolutions
were not written by himself. Mr. Adams looked
at Mr. I. a moment, without deigning to reply; and
then, with a peculiar manner, and a calm dignity,
turned to the Speaker, and said: "Sir, I have de-
manded the yeas and nays." This was a severe re-
buke to what Mr. Adams considered an impertinent
question; to which, had he chosen to answer it at all.
he might have replied in the negative."
He asked for no special protection, upon this oc-
casion or any other, from the Speaker; but as one of
that body—
The SPEAKER observed to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania that any proposition upon this subject
could only be entertained by general consent.
Mr. INGERSOLL said he trusted the subject, as
a matter of privilege, would be entertained with-
out objection. It was not a matter which concerned
parties; it was a matter which concerned every in-
dividual member of the House. Every gentleman
in that House was liable to be vilified and abused;
he had had his share of abuse, nor had he complain-
ed. He had never winced ander any abuse; indeed,
he might say, he had never regarded it; but, as the
representative of 70,000 freemen, he would not
suffer liia conduct to be misrepresented by those to
whom he contributed to give the privileges of the
floor for the purpose of truly reporting what occur-
red in that House.
It was unnecessary for him to say that the whole
paragraph which charged a number of gentlemen
with having created a fuss, and which imputed to
-him impertinence, had falsified the whole transaction.
He would not submit that such a statement
should go forth to the public, under the color of a
report, having been reported by a stenographer or
other reporter. The article which he had read was
signed "Oliver Oldschool," a name which, he stated
in his representative capacity, was but the anony-
mous one of a man named Sargeant,to whom a special
place had been assigned by the Speaker, but who
was seldom in his place; but, on the contrary, roam-
ing about the House where he had no right. He,
called upon the Speaker, as the distinguished organ
of that House, to ascertain if the man to whom he
alluded was the author of the calumny; and if so, to
withdraw from him the privilege which he had con-
ferred upon him of occupying a seat in the House;
and he did this the more promptly because it was
not an extreme case of personal abuse. Many gen-
tlemen might think it a slight affair. It was a slight
affair, and therefore the more promptly and unhes-
itatingly did he lay his hand upon it. A gentleman
of considerable experience had well observed (if he
might be permitted to refer to what took place in the
Committee on Rules) that, if something should not
soon be done in relation to the admission
of letters writers, their number would soon
exceed the number of members; and, so far
from anything like a fair report being made, they
were represented to their constituents, and to foreign
countries, as the merest blackguards in creation. He
could take it upon himself to say, that a more or-
derly representative body did not exist—not even
those of England, France, or Spain, which arc the
only ones deserving of a comparison; but no one
could be blind to the fact, that the character of the
House, and the country itself, had been undergoing
a process of deterioration in consequence of the
streams of calumny which were sent forth from
this House, and which returned to it, after having
swept the whole extent of the nation. He called
upon the Speaker to take cognizance of the motion.
The SPEAKER remarked, that the first thing
which had been done by him in connexion with the
duty imposed upon him by the i ule, was to ascer-
tain, as well as he could, whether the gentlemen ap-
plying to be admitted were of fair standing and
character, and whether they were regular reporters;
and to such persons, as far as the Chair could ascer-
tain, places had been assigned. In no case had a
place been assigned to a letter-writer; in all cases
they represented, themselves as reporters.
Mr. INGERSOLL inquired whether the Chair
recollected the application of Nathan Sargeant for a
seat.
The SPEAKER replied he distinctly recollected
the application; and upon reference to a memorandum,
he found that seat No. 4 had be'en assigned to him as
the reporter for the the United States Gazette.
Mr. INGERSOLL said he wished the Chair to
understand that he stated upon his responsibility
that Nathan Sargeant was the author of the article
alluded to.
Mr. MORRIS inquired whether the matter rested
entirely with the Speaker and an individual mem-
ber, to determine upon and io enforce the expulsion
from this hall of a reporter. He knew something
of Mr. Sargeant, and he knew him to be a man of
unimpeachable integrity.
Mr. ADAMS said, as he'was in some degree in-
volved in this controversy, inasmuch as he waS al-
luded to in the article complained of by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, he would take the liberty
to call for a more explicit specification of the charge
against the reporter than had yet been made. He
did not find, m the rules, any arbitrary power given to
the Speaker to displace any of the reporters of this
House. Still less should it be done on the call of a
single member who might have taken displeasure
towards the reporter. He asked for something more
specific—something which would give authori-
ty to the Speaker to act. With respect to
the facts stated by the reporter, though he
would say nothing of the inference which the
reporter had drawn, and in which it would appear
he had taken the liberty to state what his (Mr. A.'s)
feelings were with respect to the facts, he was at a
loss to know what facts, as stated by the reporter,
the gentleman complained of as being untrue. As
far sis related to him, (Mr, A.,) they we strictly
11 true; and he took it for granted that it must have been
apparent at the time, to every member of the House,
that the proceeding of the gentleman was extremely
disorderly. The reporter Jiad, perhaps, misdescnbed
his looks, but he did not consider that his looks
formed a part of the proceedings of the House.
[A laugh.] He would be sorry if they did. But
with regard to the statement, so far as it related to
himself, he would endorse it as being strictly true.
The reason why he did not answer the gentleman
at the time, was because he did consider it a piece of
impertinence. He turned then (as stated in the re-
port) to the Speaker, said that he had called for
the yeas and nays, and made no answer to the gen-
tleman. But a circumstance occurred which the re-
porter had not mentioned; and that was, that there
was a shout of laughter from all sides of the House.
Mr. INGERSOLL. At your expense.
Mr. ADAMS. Because perhaps it was supposed
that he was afraid to answer the question. The
House might amuse itself at his expense. He had
no sort of objection. But, for the satisfaction of
members who had amused themselves at his ex-
pense, he would now state that he was not the au-
thor of the resolution, nor did he know anything
about it until it was presented here.
If, for the offence of stating the facts as they oc-
curred, the reporter was to be dismissed, he hoped
it would not be by an arbitrary decision of the
Speaker, but by the act of the House itself. A.nd'
he would add further, that if, for the inference which
the reporter drew (without any communication with
him) from his observations and from the transac-
tion, he was to bo dismissed, and he, by as-
suming to himself the responsibility of vouching for
the correctness of the statement, could relieve the
reporter from the burden, he was ready to do it.
Mr. SAUNDERS (leave being given for expla-
nation) said that his reference to the Hartford con-
vention was for the purpose of showing the origin
of the proposition contained in the Massachusetts
resolutions. His reference to the gentleman was
not to show that he approved of that convention,
but to show how it was revived; and that, though
the gentleman was not connected with that conven-
tion, yet he was connected with the revival of it.
He did not understand the gentleman as saying that
the inquiry that he (Mr. S.) made was impertinent,
because he stated that he saw it contradicted that
the resolutions of Massachusetts were not signed
by the governor.
Mr. ADAMS continued. It was not his inten-
tion to intimate, on any occasion, that the gentle-
man from North Carolina was impertinent, though
he considered his questions out of order, aiid out of
place in the gentleman who had frequently called
him to order for irrelevancy. Now, how the gen-
tleman from North Carolina could show any rele-
vancy between the doings of the Hartford conven-
tion and the question then pending, he left it to the
gentleman to explain. After dwelling at length on
the irrelevancy of the Hartford convention to the
pending question, he went on to explain why he re-
fused to answer Mr. Ingersoll's question. If (said
he) I had been the author of the resolutions, why
should I be ashamed of it' Am I afraid of any-
thing? Though (said Mr. A.) I would not say—as
a chivalrous gentleman once said here—I was born
without fear, yet I am not known to be given to
fear. He was not, therefore, the author of these
resolutions; and if he had been, he would not have
denied them, for they met his approbation. After
referring to the Latimer petition, on which these
resolutions were founded, he said that his son was
the author of these resolutions, and the presenter of
that petition in the Massachusetts legislature, and
that they passed both branches by almost a unani-
mous vote. He believed that the amendment to the
constitution, which those resolutions proposed—i. e.
taking away the representation of the southern
States founded on slave population—ought to be
made; and he believed in his soul, if it was not
made before long, this Union would tumble into
pieces.
Mr. GILMER called the gentleman to order.
Mr. C. .T. INGERSOLL begged the gentleman
from Virginia to permit the gentleman to go on.
Mr. GILMER said he must object, if this sub-
ject was to be continued.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL hoped the gentleman
would not interfere. He could tell him that he nev-
er made a greater mistake than in interrupting the
disclosures that were making.
Mr. GILMER repeated his objections to the gen-
tleman's speaking on that subject; and said that,
