210
appendix to the congressional globe.
Feb. 1844,
28th Cons 1st Sess.
Fine on General Jackson—Mr. B&rnard.
H. of Reps.
great mortality prevailed. The historian of the pe-
riod informs us that five hundred soldiers died at
that time in the camps around New Orleans in a
single month. These Frenchmen had fought brave-
ly, however, and they were not now disposed to
shrink from any proper or reasonable duty. They
submitted quietly until after the news of peace had
been received, when they began to think it was time
they should be relieved. They applied, therefore,
to tie consul of their country; resident at! New Or-
leans, for certificates of French citizenship. Upon
these they were of course exempt, and could no
longer be retained in ti\e ranks of the army. Gen-
eral Jackson countersigned their certificates, and
they were no longer under his control pr within his
military jurisdiction. But though, by his own con-
fession, he had not the slightest authority over them
by virtue of his commission under the laws of the
United States, and discharged them accordingly, yet
he dared to issue a military order, banishing all" of
them who held these certificates, together with the
consul who had granted them, to a distance in the
i iterior not short of Baton Kouge, which was ene
hundred and twenty miles from their business and
their homes? This order was dated the 28th of
February.
General Jackson next proceeded to silence the
press. On the 3d of March, an article appeared in
the Louisiana Courier, reflecting with some severity
on his conduct towards the French citizens. He
sent for the editor, compelled him tp give up the au-
thor, and dismissed him with an prder to publish no
more such articles about him.
General Jackson next proceeded to visit the au-
thor of the article in the Courier with his vengeance.
Mr. Louallier, who was the author, was arrested
and placed in military confinement on the 5th of
March. This gentleman was an American citizen,
of French origin. He was a member of the Senate,
of Louisiana, and chairman of the Committee of
■ Ways and Means. When Governor Claiborne,
early in December, had recommended to the legis-
lature to suspend the habeas corpus, in prder that
Commodore Patterson might be enabled to recruit
seamen for the American flotilla, by impressment,
Mr. Louallier, to whose committee the message had
gone, reported against the measure, and in its stead
recommended that a bounty should be offered for
sesmen of twenty-four dollars a head, and that the
legislature should appropriate six thousand dollars
for this purpose, to be placed at the disposal of the
commodore. This measure was carried, with an
embargo on the shipping in port for three days,
mid was completely successful. The habeas corpus,
however, was not suspended, and I believe General
Jackson never forgave Mr. Louallier for preventing
it. Other measures originating with Mr. Louallier
m the Senate, prove him to have been a discreet
legislator and a patriotic citizen. He had curried
through an appropriation for supplies to destitute
soldiers, and it is understood that he had personally
attended to the proper application of the fund. But.
he had dared to question General Jackson's infal-
libility, and he placed his life in jeopardy by that
& ' t.
I have already stated that the. circumstances of
the arrest of Jud^e Hall, which took place on the
same day—the 5th of March. His offence was tliat
of'giving an order for a writ of habeas corpus in be-
sialfof Louallier, which he could not have refused
without the grossest breach of duty, subjecting him
to impeachment. And here it was that" the milita-
ry power was first brought into violent and open
conflict with the civil authority. The arrest of
Judge Hall by an armed force of sixty men, with
a major fo command them, under the order of the
commanding general, was an act of war levied
against the authority of the United States. Levying
war against the authorities of the United States is
levying war against the United States; and, if an
art of a treasonable character, according to the plain
definition of the constitution, was softened down to
the offence of a contempt of court, and punished on-
ly by a fine of a thousand dollars, it seems to me
that Gen. Jackson and his friends should be the last
to complain of the severity ofthe infliction.
Having placed Judge Hal 1 in confinement, and
made sure of his detention by directing that no civil
uiogistrate or officer should be allowed to visit him,
General Jackson made the, necessary arrangements
for bringing his victim, Louallier, to trial and ex-
ecution. On the very next day, the 6th of March,
I e ordered a military tribunal to be organized for
the tri.il of Louallier on charges involving his
life. This tribunal- was as extraordinary-as the
service they were called on to perform. It was
not a court martial under any law or au-
thority of the United States. If it had been
a court martial under the law of Congress, it
would have had thirteen members. This had only
seven. A court martial under the law of Congress
could only try soldiers, or persons attached to the
army. Mr. Louallier was not a soldier, or in any
way attached to the army. Even if a soldier by
construction, under General Jackson's martial law;
he was not a soldier of the regular army, and a
court martial composed of officers of that army had
no authority by law to try him. Every officer of
this tribunal was of the regular army. Finally, he
was directed to be tried as a spy!" And no court
martial under the law of Congress has authority to
a citizen, though he be a soldier also—one owing
allegiance to the United States—as a spy. He was
also directed to be tried for a libel on General Jack-
son ! Such was the tribunal, and such were some
of the charges. There were seven charges in all
preferred against Louallier. Mutiny was one of
them. Treason was another, under the head of
disobedience of orders! But the specifications
under all the charges made the offence to consist of
one and the same act—the publication of the article
of complaint in the Louisiana Courier.
It is remarkable that this tribunal, which was re-
fractory enough towards the general to dismiss all
the charges except one, refusing to try Louallier
. upon them, should have selected the charge of
treason as the one which it was competent to that
tribunal to entertain, and should actually have pro-
ceeded, as it did, to arraign and try a free citizen of
this free republic upon that charge. Tt is true it had
the grace and courage to acquit "him of the absurd
accusation, with the certainty of incurring, as it did,
the fierce rebuke of the unappeased dictator; but
the independence of its members would have been
better shown by an instant and indignant dismissal
of every charge on which Louallier was arraigned
before them.
And here I wish again to direct the attention of
gentlemen particularly to two or three dates, and to
the facts connected with them. It was on the 6th
of March that the order was issued for the trial of
Louallier. The tribunal met on the same day, was
organized, and then adjourned. The next day (the
7th) exceptions were taken by Louallier to the au-
thority and jurisdiction of the court. On the 9th,
these exceptions were decided upon; and on the 10th
of March, and not before, the tribunal (for I will
persist in not calling it a court) proceeded to arraign
the prisoner and to try him on the single charge
which it bad determined to entertain—he standing
mute, refusing to plead or to make any defence
whatever. On the next day (the 11th) the acquital
was made. Louallier, notwithstanding his acquittal,
was kept in confinement till the 14th of March, and
then dismissed under a general order, heaping slan-
der and abuse on his devoted head. It will be re-
membered, also, that Hall, who was arrested on the
5tb of March, was kept in confinement till the 12th,
and on that day escorted by an armed band, with
every mark of indignity, four miles beyond the city,
and there turned adrift. .
And now, what I want should be observed is this'
that information confirming the previous news
of peace was received by General Jackson on the
same 6th day of IVIarch when the order was made
for the trial of Louallier: and that information,
though not official, was complete and satisfactory'
even to General Jackson. The despatches whicli
the express should have brought to the General
from the Secretary of War had been left behind by
mistake; and he bore a communication from the
Postmaster General, that he "was charged with de-
spatches relative to the state of peace which had
taken place between the United States and Great
Britain." The General immediately, on the same
day, despatched a letter to General Lumber!, com-
manding the British forces off Mobile, notifying him
of the information of peae# which he had received.
And, on the 8th of March, without waiting or car-
ing to hear from General Lambert, he published an
order discharging the militia—the levy en mmse 
declaring that he had received "persuasive evidence
of peace." He received the official news of peace
on the 13th.
It was, then, it will be perceived, after he had re-
ceived "persuasive evidence of peace," and after be
had^ discharged the militia on the strength of that
joyful intelligence—after every pretence of danger,
whether from invasion or from disaffection, was
confessedly over, even if any had ever been appre-
hended by anybody from either source since the 8th
of January, which I do not believe,—it was after all
this that General Jackson persisted in keeping both
Mr. Louallier and Judge Hall in strict confinement
for many days; that he persisted in subjecting Mr.
Louallier to trial by a military' tribunal for his life,
on the most frivolous and absurd charges, releasing
him finally, when he dared no longer to confine him,
after the official news of. peace had been received,
with opprobrium and abuse; and .that he offered his
last indignity to the judicial power in the person of
Judge Hall, by sending him forth, like a condemned
criminal, under a guard of soldiers, to the punish-
ment of exile from his home, his office, and his
friends.
Mr. Chairman, the conduct of General Jackson
towards both the gentlemen just named stands with-
out, the semblance of justification, excuse, or apolo-
gy. It was but the customary display of an impe-
rious, overbearing, unforgiving temper, which never
could bropk ppposition or contradiction. His im-
placable wrath, which at first burned only towards
Louallier, was turned next in a direction whieh,
happily, it could not pursue without provoking re-
buke and punishment. That rebuke and punish-
ment having been administered, and the constitution
and laws vindicated, I should not have been averse
to relieving him, if he had asked relief, from the pen-
alty which his offences had provoked an$ merited.
But he will not allow me; and he will allow no man
to do any such thing on any terms consistent with
the supremacy of the constitution and laws. Setting
up at the time a justification which-only enhanced
and aggravated his offences, and which made them
not merely reprehensible, but in the highest degree
criminal and dangerous, he brings forward that same
justification here 'before the assembled representa-
tives of the people, and insists that they shall adopt
and sanction it.
The purport and design of the bill now before us
—naked as it, and to which no'amendment, no saving
clause, will be admitted—and the object of those who
advocate it, are m no degree equivocal or doubtful.
General Jackson has himself declared, in a published
letter, in substance—many gentlemen here will rec-
ollect it—that he would take nothing from Congress
which was not offered m a way to exculpate and
justify him fully in the course which he pursued at
New Orleans, and which led to the imposition of the.
fine. Wo; he would starve first. And what he has
demanded his friends have not been slow to accord
to him. They mean that this bill shall be taken and
deemed throughout the country as a^solemn, formal,
legislative sanction of his course," and, of conse-
quence, a legislative condemnation of the course of
the judge m imposing the fine. The whole argu-
ment or appeal of the gentleman from Louisiana,
[Mr. Si.ioei.i.,] as well as that offered to the public
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. C.J. Ix-
gersolLj] tends to this conclusion. It is insisted
that the General had full warrant for every act be
performed, and that Judge Hall deserved nothing
but the contempt which he received at the general's
hands. In short, Congress is asked now to enter-
tain the cause as it stood before Judge Hall on the
31st March, 1815, and to review and reverse his de-
cision. We are asked not to acquit General Jack-
son as right in intention, though possibly wrong in
act; but we must go further, and pronounce in favor
of the claim of unlimited, unmitigated personal pow- '
er, above all constitution and laws, which, in terms,
he set up at New Orleans. We are called on to'
make a solemn recognition of the rightful supremacy
of the military over the civil authority, wher-
ever, and to whatever extent, a general in "the field
may see fit to proclaim and establish it; to recognise
the rightful authority of a military commander to
suppress, for the time bbing, by force of arms, the
exercise of all civil powers—legislative, judicial, and
executive; to abolish the whole body of civil govern-
ment as far as the power of his arm's can go, and si t
up in its place the law of arms, which is the sov-
ereign law of his personal, uncontrolled, and nncrai-
trolable will. Talk about it as we will, (]ik'h11se it
as we may, this is the point to which this bill brings
us. We are told that this fine, must be refunded be-
cause General Jackson was right—not'merely that
he thought he was right, but' that he was right.
And the refunded is insisted on—not as a pittance
dropped for charity at the feet of an infirm, and per-
haps needy, old ' nrrior, jnst sinking to his last rest;
not by way of pardon for an acknowledged offence,
whether because that offence bad been moiean crror
than a crime, or because- enough had been already
had been done to vindicate the law; but the fine must,
