212
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
Feb. 1844s
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Dromgoole.
H. of Reps.
lished rules of construction, and must -be alike liable
to stand or fall in the judgment of the tribunal made
eompetent to decide the elections. Otherwise, this
House, in judging of the elections of its own members,
is reduced to the strange condition of being required
to admit the infallibility of a previous Congress, and
acknowledge the inviolable sanctity of its enact-
ments; whilst it may, without restraint, overrule
and disregard the legislation of sovereign States.
We have been told, Mr. Speaker, (said Mr. D.,)
that this is not a party question. It is a party ques-
tion, sir, (said he) of the highest order. It in-
volves the same principles of constitutional construc-
tion which characterized parties soon after the form-
ation of the federal government. The liberal con-
struction of Alexander Hamilton and his followers,
detracted from the rights of the States and the peo-
ple, and tended to enlarge the powers of Congress
and of the government generally. Jefferson and his
republican followers maintained that all the powers
of the federal government were derived from the
constitution; that Congress could exercise no pow-
ers but those expressly granted, and such as were
necessarily embraced in them; or, in the language of
the constitution, were necessary and proper to carry
them into effect. To go beyond this strict limit,
was to usurp power, and to encroach upon reserved
rights. Hence the disciples of the illustrious Jeffer-
son are peculiarly State-rights men. In this very
case, the antagonizing principles of the two parties
are manifest. But, although it is a party question of
momentous consequence, and divides the House on
great principles, it may be discussed without the
usual excitements, without engendering animosities,
and without personal animadversions. Mr. D. said,'
he was happy to remark that such, in the main, had
been the character of the debate.
Mr. D. said, that before he attempted to examine
particularly the meaning of the clause of the con-
stitution specifically involved in this discussion, and
the relative powers of the State and federal govern-
ments derived from it, lie would be pardoned for
making a very brief allusion to the celebrated pro-
test, and to the movement of the fifty therewith
connected. He would advert to this subject, be-
cause nn honorable gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Dickinson] had made a personal reference to him in
connexion with it. A recurrence to the past will
enable this House and the whole country to com-
prehend the movement. The act for the apportion-
ment of representatives among the States, accord-
ing to the sijtli census, was approved 25th June
1842. When the President signed this bill, he
lodged in the Department of State a paper, expiess-
ing his opinion of the unqualified power of each
House to decide for itself upon the election, re-
turns, and qualifications of its own members. The
President has intimated the opinion that the House
of Representatives alone, in deciding for itself the
election, leturns, and qualifications of its own mem-
bers, exercised an unqualified power; and, therefore,
might diaw in question the binding obligation upon
the States of the second section. The same opin-
ion had been conclusively maintained in the Senate.
lhe indications of popular opinion were generally
and strongly adverse to obedience to the second
section. The popular movement and the popular
indignation were not expressive of hostility to the
district system, if the States chose to adept it, but
were directed against the aet as one of usurped power
and presumptuous dictation. A design was formed
to forestall the judgment of this House, and pre-
clude members elected to the 28th Congress from
taking their seats. Yes, (said Mr. D.) the 27th
Congress actually attempted to anticipate the action
ot this House, and to expel, in advance, by their
legislation, the members of this present House. I
ha\e (said Mr. D.) hunted up the parchment upon
which was enrolled the bill, entitled "An act regu-
lating the taking of testimony, in cases of contested
elections, and for other purposes. It was presented
to the President on the 31st day of August, 1842,
at a quarter past 1 o'clock, the very day on which
the two Houses had agreed to adjourn at 2 o'clock,
p.m. I he parchment, which I have mentioned,
had it received the signature of the "Captain,"
might well be regarded as a whig diploma. Had
the scheme m this bill succeeded m connexion with
the tamous second section, the whig party would,
mueed, have taken their final degreef they would
h<t\ e graduated. The other purposes mentioned in the
utle are first m importance, and first in location. It
provides for the returns, requires them expressly to
,rmi ^ tr!ct the ™e«>^rs are elected,
joroius the clerk to enrol any as members who are
" not certified, or proven to be elected from single dis-
1 tricts; and for want of these preliminaries, they are
to have no athority to assist in the organization of
House. It failed to become a law, for the want of
the signature of the President. And thus the grand
design of the 27th Congress to expel, beforehand,
the members of the 28th Congress, was frustrated.
Soon after the commencement of the third session
of the 27th Congress—to wit, on the 14th Decem-
ber, 1842—the President sent in a message explain-
ing the circumstances of the presentation of the bill
to him at the very close of the previous session, an-
nouncing the fact that it had not received his signa-
ture, ana stating that he held himself uncommitted
as to his ultimate action on any similar measure,
should the House think proper to originate it de no-
vo, except so far as his opinion of the unqualified
power of the House to decide for itself upon the
election of its own members, had been expressed in
his extraordinary paper lodged in the Department
of State. The design to accomplish the pre-expul-
sion of members of this House by a statute of Con-
gress, passed in advance of their attendance—per-
haps in advance of their election and return, in ad-
vance of the organization or recognised being of the
House having the unqualified power to decide—
was, so.faf from being abandoned, commenced de
novo. On the 15th January, 1843, Mr. Halsted, (a
member from New Jersey,) in pursuance of pre-
vious notice, on leave, introduced the same bill for
taking testimony in contested elections, and for other
purjmes. The bill was sent to a Committee of the
Whole House on the state of the Union. It was
never considered or debated in committee; but the
committee was discharged from its consideration on
the 16th February, 1843. On the 24th of the same
month, the bill was read in the House; a motion to
lay it on the table having failed, it was amended, on
motion of Mr. Halsted, the amendment and the or-
der for engrossing and leading a third time having
been carried, without debate, under the operation of
the previous question; and immediately, without de-
bate, under the operation of the previous question,
the bill was passed. Sir, (said Mr. D.,) there was no
sympathy for the rights of a minority; there was no
time allowed for discussion, such as has been libe-
rally accorded on this occasion by the present ma-
jority. The contrast cannot fail to arrest the public
attention.
Here, then, ended the effort of the dominant party
of this House in the 27th Congress, to prejudge the
elections of the 28th Congress,and enact a statutory
expulsion of a poition of the members elect or to be
elected. We hear no more of the bill to tako testi-
mony and for ether purposes. It is presumed to have
failed in the Senate, or to have slept the sleep of
death.
At the commencement of the present session,
however, there was exhibited the concerted design
of a minority, consisting of fifty members of this
House, to exclude the entire representation of four
States from all participation in the organization.
This effort, although it assumed the solemn form
and shape of a protest, was singularly abortive. Let
it be carefully collated with the past history which
has been briefly reviewed. The publiccan be at no
loss to discover the connexion of the movement
and the continuation of a design, to discern its en-
tire party character—to perceive the, purpose, and
comprehend the motives. The reference made to
me, and some remarks of mine, (said Mr. D.,) by
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Dickinson,]
concerning the protestant movement at the opening
of the session, seemed to require some notice. And
now having received the notice to which they were
eminently entitled, the country may safely be trust-
ed with the custody of these fifty political protest-
ants.
Mr. Dromgoole remarked that, during the prog-
ress of this discussion, the opinions and observa-
tions of distinguished statesmen had been quoted,
and urged here as conclusive authority. The argu-
ments and explanations of Madison, in the federal
convention and in the Virginia convention; of Ham-
ilton, in Ins essays contained in the Federalist; of
conspicuous men in the several State conventions,
and the proceedings and resolves of these conven-
tions when ratifying the constitution—have all been
paraded, for the purpose of establishing, beyond
question, the unlimited power of Congress over the
time, place, and manner of holding elections in the
States, and sustaining this famous second section of
the apportionment act. It is not admitted that they
bear the construction, to the full extent, which has
been given to them. He would admit that they
might be examined for explanation and illustration;
that we might resort to them as sources of informa-
tion; but he denied that the declarations or dicta of
any, however eminent, were to be received as ex-
plicit and authoritative expositions of the meaning
of the constitution, or regarded as conclusively
obligatory. Sworn to support the constitution, to
that sacred instrument itself we must resort; and,
from its own language, deduce its true meaning.
An opinion of our own (said he) must be formed,
after careful consideration, based on the conscien-
tious convictions of our judgment; and such opinion
"f our own, humble as we may be, cannot be sub-
stituted by the words or dictum of another with the
most imposing name. For myself, (said he,) I must
exercise the faculties of my own mind, however fee-
ble, and give my voice in the decision of these elec-
tions according to my own mature and deliberate
convictions.
"Nullhis addictus jurare in verba magistri." Were
the opinions of others to guide us—were our judg-
ments to be pronounced according to the authority
of superior names, instead of our own sincere inter-
pretations—they could not, in forro conseientia, be re-
garded by ourselves.
Mr. D. said (holding up a volume of the Madison
Papers) he should adopt for his motto the words
which beautifully circumscribe the initials (en-
dorsed on this voluma) of James Madison, the vir-
tuous citizen, the wise statesman: " Veritas non verba
And now, Mr. Speaker, (said he,) let us resort to
the original text—to the constitution itself. The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] who immedi-
ately preceded, announces that he stands upon the
constitution and the dictionary. The dictionary, and
the grammar too, (said Mr. D.,) may be advantage-
ously consulted by that gentleman. The provision
in the constitution which, at present, presents itself
for our considerate interpretation, is the first para-
graph of the fourth section of the first article, and is
in these words:
"The times, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions of senators and representatives, shall be pre-
scribed in of- each State by the legislature thereof;
but the Congress may at any time, by law, make
or alter such regulations, except as to the place of
choosing senators."
The first portion of this paragraph, from the com-
mencement to the word "thereof," inclusive, applies
exclusively to the action of the legislature of euch
State. It declares imperatively that, in each State,
the times, places, and manner of holding elections,
shall be prescribed by the legislature. Here is a con-
stitutional mandate positively enjoining a duty on
the several State legislatures. The mode of per-
forming the duty is left to the wisdom and discre-
tion of the legislative bodies, who are required to dis-
charge it. The action requisite under the constitu-
tion is unqualified; it is not restricted or limited; it is
not contingent; it is not made dependent on other
authority. Whilst, then, the constitution une-
quivocally commands the legislature of each
State to prescribe regulations, it authorizes no
interference on the part of Congress—no precept
from that body—no dictation of terms—no direction
of the provisions to be inserted. This freedom
from all control is, indeed, the right of independent
action. Their own judgment then, their mature de-
liberation, their own solemn sense of the nature of
their duty, must guide their counsels, and mould
their enactments. Under a solemn oath to support
the constitution, to it these legislatures must look
with reverence and obedience, and may not subject
themselves to congressional dictation. Their duty
to legislate is constitutional, and to perform this du-
ly independently of Congress, is a manifest right.
The power over the subject, which belongs to the
State legislatures, is primary; it must originate; it
is precedent in order and time to the co-existing le-
gislative power of Congress over the same subject.
The congressional power is secondary to that of the
States; it is ultimate in its operation, and cannot
precede or dictate. This, he said, he took to be the
true grammatical construction and intended meaning
of this provision of the constitution. The first por-
tion of the paragraph, as has been shown, gives to
each State the power to originate regulations, to pre-
scribe—that is, to order, direct—the times, places, and
manner of holding elections. And then follows,
"but the Congress may at any time, by law, make
or alter such regulations, except as to the places of
choosing senators." Here the duty of the State
legislatures and the power of Congress are disjunc-
tively and not copulatively connected. They are
