Feb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
213
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. DrovigooU,
H. of Heps.
contrasted as separate and different, and not coupled
and united into one continuous power. The dis-
junctive joins things that are contrasted with each
other; the copulative joins things that are congruous.
uBvt" announces something additional—beyond.
The power of State legislation must, therefore, an-
tecedently exist, or else the congressional power
could not be subjoined thereto. The State power
must first take position before the Congress power
can be placed further—beyond it. If, then, it has been
clearly established that the duty enjoined on the le-
gislature of each is to be performed primarily, ante-
cedently, and independently; and that the power of
Congress is secondary in character, and ultimate
in exercise,—it would seem to follow conclusively
that Congress cannot, by way of anticipation, and
in advance, prescribe a preliminary rule to all the
States—to each, or to any of them. Congress must
come after the States, ana supply omissions or va-
cancies—where the States have failed, refused, or
been prevented—hy making such regulations as ought
to have been prescribed in the State by the legisla-
ture thereof. Or where the regulations hare already
been prescribed, they may be altered by Congress.
Mr. D. would invite the attention of the House to
the third volume of the Madison Papers, page 1282;
not for the purpose of citing the speech or opinion
of any one, but on account of the fact there re-
corded.
He begged leave to read from the volume and
page just cited:
"On motion of Mr. Read, the word * their* was
struck out, and 'regulations in such cases' inserted
in place of 'provisions concerning them.1 The
clause then reading—'but regulations in each of the
foregoing cases may, at any time, be made or alter-
ed by the legislature of the United States.'
"This was meant [says Mr. Madison] to give the
national legislature a power, not only to alter the
provisions of the States, but to make regulations in
case the States shoul fail or refuse altogether.'"
This is the positive statement of a fact. It is the
highest evidence of the true meaning, intent, and
purpose of the power given to Congress, and ac-
cords precisely with what is maintained to be its
fair interpretation, by a strict grammatical construc-
tion of the whole sentence. The section, as
amended, on motion of Mr. Read, subsequently
underwent mere verbal alterations and change of
phraseology, without altering or changing, or in-
tending so to do, its meaning and object—only in
the particular of exempting the places of choosing
senators from all congressional interference. Before
the constitution was finally voted by the convention,
signed by the members, and recommended to the
States for ratification, it was referred to a committee
of "style and arrangement." In this committee its
p/irts were arranged, and expressed m appropriate
style and language. This was the duty of the com-
mittee, and they had no authority to change the
meaning or purport of the instrument. It was prin-
cipally performed by Governeur Morris, deemtd
peculiarly competent ftom his literary taste and
scholarship.
It may be contended, however, (said Mr. D.,) that
because the acts of the legislatures may be super-
vised and altered by Congress, their action is not,
therefore, independent and exempt from all obliga-
tion to conform to the rules prescribed by the su-
pervising power. A moment's reflection will ex-
pose the fallacy of such a deduction. The power
of one body to supervise an act, and alter it, after it
has been completed by another having original ju-
risdiction over the subject, embraces no authority to
control the conduct of the body primarily enacting.
The power to supervise an enactment, and to alter its
provisions, is totally distinct from the right t pre-
scribe a rule, and regulate the mode of pro-
cedure, or dictatc the substance to be inserted.
The action of a body may be independent, al-
though its acts may be subject to revisal and
alteration by another tribunal. The exertion of
a power may be free and uncontrolled, and yet the
results may be changed or modified by some other
department. The President may nominate for
office, but can only appoint by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate. The power of nomi-
nating may be independently exercised by the exec-
utive without consultation with the Senate. The
power of the Senate to withhold its advice and con-
sent cannot affect the right to nominate—it can
only arrest the appointment after the nomination
has been made. The right of the Senate to control
gin appointment by giving or refusing its advice and
consent, includes no right to prescribe the ntode of
nomination, or dictate the individual io be nomi-
nated. The acts of Congress tire to be presented to
the President for his approval, which he may qual-
ifiedly arrest, and forbid to become law. Such
qualified interposition and partial negative, secured
to the President by the constitution, carry no right
to that high functionary to prescribe a rule of legis-
lation to Congress, or dictate the provisions to be
contained in their enactments. Even the duty en-
joined on the President, from time to time, to give
to Congress information of the state of the Union,
and recommend to their consideration such meas-
ures as he shall judge necessary and expedient,
does not, in the least, affect their legislative inde-
pendence. Ail legislative powers granted in the
constitution are vested in Congress to be exercised
independently. An honorable gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Vinton] maintained that it was* not unusual
in legislation to prescribe general rules—to declare
general principles, preparatory to more detailed en-
actments; and that then* power to pass laws it would
seem involved the right on the part of the legislature to
lay down, in advance, mandatory declarations to guide
and control future proceedings. An instance is sup-
posed of a general declaratory statute of some rule or
direction as to the course of descents, without a detail
of the minuti® necessary to fill up and perfect the sys-
tem in conformity with the declared rule. In the sup-
posed case, the subsequent legislation necessary to
complete the intention of the legislature is to flow
from the same source from which the rule has em-
anated, and does not depend upon the auxiliary en-
actments of a different body possessing only second-
ary and ultimate authority, independent in its sphere
of action, and having the discretionary power of
forbearing to act. It is not necessary to controvert
the position that a legislature, having ample and ex-
clusive jurisdiction over the subject-matter, may
prescribe general rules and declare leading princi-
ples to govern the details of their own enactments.
But suiely such a case could have no application to
the point now m issue. Can any precedent be pro-
duced, where one body having the right to make, if
none be previously made, or to alter, if necessary,
such regulations as have, been made, has claimed
and exerted the right to prescribe a rule or command
to another body having the independent and unquali-
fied power of originating them? The search for a
precedent will be fruitless.
He (Mr. D.) said that, as it had been shown that
the State legislatures had the primary and antece-
dent power to prescribe the times, places, and man-
ner of holding elections; that they were, in the exer-
cise of this power, independent of Congress; and, as
the power of Congress was secondary, and its action
ultimate, it followed conclusively that the latter
could not prescribe a rule or issue an order or com-
mand obligatory on the former. If, then, the dec-
laration contained in the second section—that the
members to which each State, shall be entitled, shall
be elected by districts—is a rule prescribed, or a com-
mand directed to State legislatures, it has no founda-
tion, sanction, or authority in the constitution. It
is an attempted encioachmcnt upon the freedom and
independence of State legislation, by the assumption
of authority no where granted. It is irreconcilable
with the relations of mutual independence existing
between the respective legislatures. And finally,
being unauthorized by the constitution, the State
legislatures are under no obligation to observe it,
but may disregard it. It is, therefore, null and
void.
Mr. D. next adverted to the argument that this
second section made or altered such regulations as
had been prescribed in each State by the legislature
thereof. "But the Congress may at any time, by
law, make or alter such regulations, except as to the
places of choosing senators.1' And, (said he,) for
greater accuracy m ascertaining the true meaning of
this phrase, it may be well to resort to the dictiona-
ry, upon which the learned and honorable gentle-
man from Ojno [Mr. Schenck] so confidently stands.
To make, he thought meant to create, to produce; to al-
far, meant to change, to vary. As all the State legisla-
tures had prescribed the times, places, and manner of
holding elections, there was no room for Congress to
stepin and exercise a cmtfing power. Such regulations
were already made; they were already in existence;
and thus Congress had no opportunity of creating,
of bringing into being, that which before did not ex-
ist. The regulations prescribed in each State had
proved to be vital and operative in securing the elec-
tion of representatives, and therefore the Congress
was literally prevented by the States from produc-
ing, drawing out, and generating such regulations.
And this construction is in strict accordance with
the statement of Mr. Madison, which has been here-
tofore cited—that it was meant to give the national
legislature a power not only to alter the provisions
of the States, but to make regulations, in case the Slaks
should fail or refuse altogether, ;
The Congress may, however, • at any time, by
law, titter the regulations of the States. And the
advocates of'lliig second section ought to demonstrate
that it is a laio, which alters the regulations which
had been prescribed in the States. What regulations
of what State does it alter? / Is it a good and suffi-
cient exercise of the ultimate right to alter in the
mode required by the constitution—by Jaw? Do<s
it, in fact, virtually operate to accomplish the in-
tended purpose?'
It is a vague generality, which, perse, accomplishes
nothing. It is an expansive declaration or assertion
that the members shall be elected by districts; but no
mode of forming these-districts is prescribed, no
future perfecting legislation is specifically or dis-
tinctly indicated. The second section is of itself
inoperative, and cannot effect the desired alteration
without additional legislation making it effectual for
that purpose. ...
The 27th Congress seemed to be aware of this,
and attempted to frighten or coerce the States by
declaring that their members should not be enrolled,
should not take their seats and assist ffl the organi-
zation of the House, unless elected from single dis-
tricts. This effort, as has been shown, failed.
The Congress, then, in the passage of this second
section, has not, by law, accomplished in fact any
alteration of the provisions of the States. They have
failed to alter them by law. They have adopted
no legislation adequate to the object. The neces-
sary auxiliary legislation is expected of the States—
it is turned over to their respective legislatures.
Mr. Dromgooi.e said, he look it to be a clear prin-
ciple, that when the constitution permitted or
required the Congretss to do an act by law, it could
not turn over or transfer the enactment of that law
to another body; that it could not direct or command
the requisite legislation to be performed by the legis-
latures of the States. When the Congress is in-
trusted with the power of doing an act, and the f}vn
niodo expressly stated to be by law, it must arcom-
plish its purpose by its own direct and efficient legis-
lation. To do an act by lau>, obviously and indispu-
tably means to paes a law, which will unequivocal-
ly, directly, and certainly effect the desired object.
The legislative power granted in tjje constitution,
and by it vested 111 Congress, is not, and cannot, in
its very nature, be transferable. It cannot, in any
degree, or to any extent, be exercised by proxy.
The legal maxim qui facil per alium, faeit per se,
cannot be made to apply to the business of legisla-
tion, especially under governments of limited pow-
ers: it cannot apply to the execution of constitutional
powers expressly vested in the legislative depart-
ment, and required to be performed by into.
This second section, then, so far as it declares a
generality, and attempts to transfer the details—the
efficient, auxiliary, and perfecting legislation—to the
various State legislatures, is unauthorized by the
constitution, and is simply a ridiculous nullity.
Let us (said Mr. D.) still further advert to the
precise language of this notorious second section;
and, by fair construction, ascertain its character and
import. It enacts "That, in every case where a
State is entitled to more than one representative,
the number to which each State shall be entitled, un-
der this apportionment, shall be elected by districts,
composed of contiguous territory, equal in number
to the number of representatives to which said State
may be entitled—no one district electing more than
one representative."
This second section (said he) is a loose and care-
less composition; it is bunglingly constructed. It
says that where a State is entitled to more than one,
the number to which each shall be entitled, shall be
elected, and' so on; and then says the number of
districts is to equal the number of representatives
to which said State may be entitled. Now, all this
variety of phraseology—is entitled, shall be entitled,
may be entitled; a State, each State, said State-
means nothing more nor less than that the number of
representatives, apportioned to the several States by
the first section of the act, shall bo elected by dis-
tricts composed of contiguous territory.
The circumlocution of phrase ana confasion of
tenses only pro«ve that the great purpose of the
framers of the section engrossed all their thoughts,
and made them forgetful and regardless of tha
