dice, better or cheaper them others; and buy of others
all he wanted, which they could make better and
cheaper than he could himself. And yet this
was the doctrine which he (Mr. McD.) had laid
down in relation to the exports and imports of this
com try; and against this great truth, war had been
wagsd by the manufacturers of this country and
their friends ever since this protective-tariff system
commenced. When they could not meet the great
truth of this principle face to face, they attempted to
sneer it down by calling it a "theory." To prove
it a "theory" in the sense with which they wished
to stigmatize it, they showed tlieir ability for home
manufacture, by manufacturing facts to suit their
purpose.. No people on the face of the earth could
compete with them in that species of manufacture;
they wanted no protection for it, for they could out-
manufacture all the world in the fabrication of
"facts," in support of their system of enriching their
own pockets, by draining the pockets of the rest of
the community.
The next topic to which Mr. McD. alluded was the
doctrine of the senator from Maine, of doing away
with poverty by refusing to lighten the burdens of
the people, by taking off taxation. The senator
seemed to think that Congress was endowed with
some magic power of legislation, and that they could
pass an act setting forth "be it enacted, &c., that
from and after the 1st of July next all poverty shall
cease in the United States;" and that forthwith indi-
gence would vanish, and affluence would take its
place. What could Congress give, that it had not'
Could the general government, acknowledged to be
as poor as a church mouse, bestow on the poor
wealth it had not to give? Would mere words do it?
But the general government could do much to relieve
those it has impoverished by its mischievous and
iniquitous legis'ation; it could recall its oppressive
and unjust enactments, by which one portion of the
people, and that vastly the largest, was made tribu-
tary to another. It could unshackle industry, that
it had bound and prostrated; it could set that indus-
try free, and give all an equal chance to use, to the
best advantage, the means and advantages that
nature, soil, and climate gave them. All this it
could do by restoring the fruition of natural rights
to those it had wantonly and oppressively debarred
from enjoying it. They—and he spoke of the
farmers of the Southwest and planters of the South
—di3 not want any protection. They only claimed
impartial legislation, and to be left free to take the
fruits of their toil and industry to the best market—
to buy what they wanted in exchange at the cheap-
est market.
In alluding to the quotation made by the senator
from Maine from the statistics of England—showing
that of §260,000,000 of manufactures in England,
she consumed ] 20 herself, and of the part exported
only sent 10 millions to this country—Mr. McD.
admitted that this l-26th would have no greater effect
on prices in England than that of a 26th portion;
but he contended that the opening of a free exchange
of the raw cotton of this country for the manufac-
tured cotton of England would greatly extend the
capacity of England to supply the world more large-
ly with her manufactures, and that thereby her mar-
ket for our cotton would bfecome more extensive—
exports larger.
He pointed out the absurdity of the principle as-
sumed as a fundamental principle by the manufac-
turers, that in raising a duty, the foreign manufacture
is made to bear part of the burden. Carry out the
principle, and what would it lead to, but that it would
be best to so contriv.e our taxation as to make foreign
nations pay it all?—put all the burden of our taxa-
tion on the people of other countries' Suppose it
is attempted: will not these other nations retaliate,
by putting the burden of their taxes on us? Then
we refuse to pay their taxes, and forthwith they re-
fuse to pay ours; there is an end to all interchange
of commodities, till both agree to pay their own
taxes themselves.
If a system of this kind were at all practicable,
it would break down any government in twenty
years that should depend on i*; the corruptions
growing out of it would, in themselves, break it
down, as did those of the Roman empire when she
was sunk by the treasures of which she despoiled
the nations around her.
The Senator from Maine had asked who were to
become consumers of forty millions of foreign goods
brought into this market under low duties. He
seemed to ask the question as if there were no con-
sumers in this country but manufacturers. The an-
swer to his question was very plain: relieve the mass
of the people from the burdens imposed on them
to support a favored class, and leave them free to
enjoy all the advantages of soil, productiveness, and
climate which they possess, and they will become
the consumers.
Mr. McD. next took in hand the argument of the
senator from Maine, that the result of the act of
1842 was a diminution of prices. Mr. McD. in-
sisted that prices had risen and been rising; but he
was interrupted by Mr. Evans, who said he meant
the first effects of the act were to diminish -prices;
but when its full operation revived the prosperity of
the country, the improved condition of the consum-
ers would have the tendency to enhance prices. • Mr.
McD. proceeded with his argument; in the course of ,
which he attributed the rise in the price of cotton in
England not to the effects of the tariff law of this
country, but to the fact that it had been ascertained
there would be a great falling off in the cotton crop
here; that instead of 24,000,000, it would hardly
reach 18,000,000—he believed himself not 16,000,-
000. This was what had advanced the price of cot-
ton in England.
This tariff law, it was well known, was concocted
by speculators; and the manner in which they car-
ried it through the committees was well understood.
Each sent in his scrap of paper, not asking for a
uniform duty, but for a discriminating duty here,
and a protective duty there, and a minimum duty
elsewhere. The moment they had arranged all
this, they jiiandoned -the halls of Congress, and
rushed to reap the harvest of their specula-
tions. Some made their $100,000 each—
some more, some less. And, as to the profits of
manufacturers, he imagined they were enormous
enough—enormous when compared with the inter-
est on capital in the South and Southwest, which he
believed did not exceed 5 per cent.; at least he knew
that was more than was realized by the planters of
South Carolina, unless in instances of great fertility
of soil or other advantages. But he had the best of
information that the manufacturers of Massachu-
setts were dividing 20 per cent., and, in some in-
stances, laying by a surplus fund besides. This
was the result of partial legislation.
After having gone through the principal topics of
the speech of the senator from Maine, and answer-
ed them individually, Mr. McD. proceeded to take a
more enlarged view of the general bearings and prin-
ciples of that senator's remarks. He 'dwelt on the
capabilities of England for becoming the manufac-
turer for the world, growing out of her dense popu-
lation, cheapness of labor, abundance of money to be
employed at low interest, &c. He showed that, with
China and India now open to her, she could consume
all the cotton this Union might produce, if she could
exchange her manufactures for the raw material.
The demand throughout the world would increase
for her manufactures, and that would create a cor-
responding demand for our cotton.
He adverted to the decline of commerce, and
traced its causes to the tariff system. He showed
that, at one of the earliest conventions of this gov-
ernment at A nnapolis, there was the greatest solici-
tude evinced for preserving and encouraging our for-
eign commerce, which showed that such was the
design of the framers of the constitution. He
showed that if this Union were divided into three
confederations, the North and Northeast as one, the
Southwest as another, and the southern States as
another, the manufacturing States could not adhere
to the protective system one year. They would
have no revenue, and would be driven to direct tax-
ation; whereas the southern confederation would
become the importing States, receiving, in exchange,
foreign manufactures for their rice, cotton, tobacco,
and sugar—that the southwestern confederation
would be exchangers with the southern confedera-
tion of their products for the products of Europe;
for they never would be so foolish as to buy, of the
New England confederation, its manufactures at 40
per ccnt. higher in price than need be paid foiMhe
same goods in the southern confederation. The
South would very soon export one hundred mil-
lions, and receive back one hundred and twenty in
imports; on which a duty of 10 per cent, would yield
twelve millions of revenue for the government of
the confederation. The northern confederation
would not, at the same time, either export or import
15,000,000, and could hardly realize 3,000,000 of
revenue. In ten years there would be such a
difference, that a person absent so long, returning,
would be struck with the change in the condition of
these sections of country. The West he would see
J grown up into a great and flourishing empire. The
South, th? seat of commerce1 Mid
cities of Boston and TOw York, rebuilt in Charles-
ton and New Orleans, and more flourishing than ii
their original, uncongenial climates. -But ." in New
England "he would find the prosperity, comfort^
wealth, &c., resulting from partial legislation, at
gone; houses falling to ruin, cities deserted, furnil
ture selling by auction, and all the indications of
indigence prevailing. On asking how came all this?
he could be answered, not by anj/ act oPinjustiee or
oppression; but by repealing unjust or oppressive
laws; by letting industry seek its own level,, and
pursue its own advantages in its own way, withoujt
dependence on bounties or government for' its .
support. ' . .
After a series of striking and eloquent Ulustrar
tions of this nature, (here very briefly and imper-
fectly sketched,) Mr. McD. concluded by admon-
ishing the friends of the protective system that there
was a point beyond which oppression would not lie
endured, even by the most enslaved community in
the world.
Mr. EVANS said he was extremely weary of the
subject; but as the senator from South Carolina had
not entirely comprehended a portion of his remarks,
and had also opened one or two new views, he de-
sired to make some reply. He felt unwilling, from
the manner in which the senator had presented the
subject, that the discussion should close there.' He
proposed to occupy the time of the Senate a little
longer; and if it was agreeable to senators, would
move to postpone the subject till to-morrow.
Mr. HAYWOOD made some remarks not dis-
tinctly heard.
Mr. McDUFFIE said that there were several
senators who wished to discuss the subject; and if
the senator was not then prepared to go on, somfe
other gentleman would.
Mr. EVANS supposed the understanding of the
Senate was, that the discussion of the merits of the
question should terminate with the speech of the
senator from South Carolina; when the vote
would be taken on the preliminary question. If
there were any senators who wished to discuss the
preliminary question—the jurisdiction of the Senate
over revenue bills—they could do so.
Mr. MERRICK said that it was not a proper
time then for any gentleman to commence a speech.
He hoped the subject would, therefore, be passed
over informally, and that the Senate would proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. ARCHER said he was desirous, himself, to
go into executive session, but it was suggested on all
sides that it was too late to do so then; he therefore
moved that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. MERRICK said there were several messages
to be referred in executive session, which would
take but a few moments.
Mr. McDUFFIE said there were several senators
around him who were desirous to know if the de-
bate was to be reopened on the merits of the ques-
tion.
Mr. ARCHER said he would certainly renew his
motion, which he intercepted the other day to ena-
ble the honorable senator from South Carolina [Mr.
McDuffie] to reply to the senator from Maine. He
was personally resolved that this discussion—which
he deemed to be idle, improper, and irregular, (be-
cause out of time,) should not go on, without an
attempt to stop it. It was not in their constitutional
competency to entertain the subject which was de-
bated. He should, therefore, after the senator from
Maine had concluded his remarks, certainly renew
his motion.
Mr. HAYWOOD moved that the resolutions of
the Committee on Finance, for the indefinite post-
ponement of Mr. McDuffie's bill, be laid on the
table.
The question was put, and decidcd in the negative.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the subject was then
postponed till to-morrow.
On motion by Mr. CRITTENDEN, leave was
granted to withdraw from the files the memorial
and papers of Baylie Peyton.
Mr. BAYARD presented a petition from sundry
citizens of Pennsylvania, praying for an appropria-
tion for the erection of a dry-dock at Philadelphia;
wluch was referred to the Committee on Naval Af*
fairs.
Also, a memorial fiom Commodore Charles W.
Morris, praying indemnity for certain expenses in-
curred by him while in command in the Mediterra-
nean: referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. HENDERSON, the report of
the Treasury Department concerning the 2 per cent.
