Feb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
217
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Oregon Territory—Mr. Breese.
Senate.
cerned, I think senators who are opposing it are
far more sensitive than any facts, or reasonable in-
ferences from them, can justify. It seems to me,
they are more prudent and cautious than a due re-
gard to the great and vital interests of the country
require them to be; and lam certain, the exhibition
of these qualities at this time, and in this debate,
cannot be acceptable to the country at large. The
mere anticipated horrors of a war with England,
which the senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Choate]
and the senator from New Jei'sey [Mr. Dayton]
have so eloquently descanted upon, cannot influence
the public mind so far as to prevent it from taking
and maintaining a decided stand against England, or
any other power in the world that may seek to com-
mit agressions upon our rights, of whatsoever nature
they may be, if they are so clearly defined, as they
are admitted on all sides to be, in relation to the
Oregon Territory, and so pronounced to be by the
common judgment of the country. We may be
over prudent, and to such a degree, as to give to a
power with whom we expecu o come in collision,
a decided advantage. This should be avoided. The
senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Choate] in the
very eloquent speech he made the other day—and
which, only for that quality, was rendered acceptable
to me—declared, if this resolution was adopted, we
must arm ourselves for war; we must prepare for
hostilities, for they would as inevitably follow the
act we design to do, as the bolt follows the flash;
that negotiations were about being commenced; at
our own invitation they were to be conducted here;
and that now to make an open, public declaration
that we would not treat about the matter, would
place us in no enviable position before the world.
It was also to obstruct action, that the honorable
chairman of Foreign Relations [Mr. Archer] has
submitted this motion of reference, and he has con-
tended also, that it would be great discourtesy,
under the circumstances of a new minister
arriving, specially appointed to conduct the nego-
tiation, to pass the resolution; that any action
of the kind proposed would partake of the
character of indecorum; and that it would be more
advisable to delay action until the final issue of the
proposed negotiation was known; that whatever he
asserted in regard to our rights, he would do it in
such a manner as not only not to violate any na-
tional obligations, but in such a manner as to
jeopard neither the honor nor the interests of the
country; and that he would rather obtain our rights
"without war, and without any vaporing exhibi-
tion of spirit not required on the occasion." It
was with these views he [Mr. Archer] had moved
the reference, so that delay should be produced—so
that there should be no action.
Now, sir, as' I differ with the honorable senators,
both as to the character of the act we propose to do,
and its results when done, it becomes necessary to
enter into some examination of the origin of the
convention we desire to terminate—its character
and object, the circumstances under which it was
entered into, and the grounds upon which we place
our claim to the country; all which will show, mont
satisfactorily, 111 my judgment, that Great Britain
will have no cause to complain, if we determine to
give the notice to annul and abrogate it.
negotiations at GHENT.
Our northern boundary, at the treaty of peace,
in 1783, was unsettled west of the Lake of the
Woods, and it so remained until the convention we
now seek to annul and abrogate. At the treaty of
Ghent, in December, 1814, the subject was dis-
cussed, but no line agreed upon—our ministers hav-
ing been instructed to surrender no claim to the
mouth of the Columbia river, or to any other terri-
tory south of forty-nine degrees. That point had
become important as the centre of extensive opera-
tions in the fur trade, commenced by a wealthy and
enterprising merchant of New York, and had been
captured by the British during the war of 1812,
which that treaty terminated. The attention of the
government had been drawn to it by the projector,
and it was considered of sufficient importance to be
made the subject of instructions to our diplomatic
functionaries appointed to negotiate that treaty.
At the conference had by them with the British
plenipotentiaries, they proposed the parallel of 49°
north, as the dividing line westward of the Lake of
the Woods, "as far as the said respective territories
extend in that quarter; provided- that nothing in the
present article shall be construed to extend to the
northwest coast of America, or to the territories be-
longing to or claimed by either party on the conti-
nent of America to the westward of the Stony
mountains."
The British ministers were willing to accept this,
with a stipulation for the free navigation of the
Mississippi, from the point where that parallel
should intersect it, to the sea, which being so un-
reasonable at that time, although accorded to
them by the treaty of peace of 1783, and by
Jay's treaty of 1794, was promptly rejected by our
negotiators; and thus no boundary was agreed
upon.
I have great respect, sir, for the able negotiators
of the treaty of Ghent, arid for their great talents
and sagacity; but I must be permitted to say, that
the admission of a claim on the part of England, as
made by them in the proviso to the article I have
read, was an error, and is the cause of all our pres-
ent embarrassments in regard to the Oregoji Ter-
ritory. It was carrying diplomatic courtesy rather
too far, sir, to admit Great Britain had a claim to
any part of that coast, when we could, even at that
time, have exhibited a title to it, which, in any na-
tional court, (was there such a tribunal to adjudicate
it,) would have been deemed free from any flaw and
from all serious objection. We had, then, sir, the
title, at least as high up as 50°, the known source of
the Columbia river, by virtue of prior discovery,
exploration under the auspices of the nation, by
officers of the national army, bearing its flag, and
by an exclusive possession and occupancy of the
country by our citizens subsequently, the force of
which England had more than once before insisted
upon; and by her own admission, by the treaty of
1763, that she had no possessions on this continent,
west of the Mississippi river.
We had too, sir, all the strength that could be de-
rived from the French claim, which, in virtue of the
principle of contiguity and continuity of territory,
would, by the treaty with the French republic of
the 30th April, 1803, carry us west to the Pacific
ocean. Even England herself had insisted upon
this principle, and asserted it by force of arms, in-
volving her, together with other causes, in the
well known "seven years' war" with France,
which terminated by the treaty of 1763, be-
fore referred to, and by which she obtained
Canada, and a large portion of the eastern
side of the valley of the Mississippi, including the
territory of the State from which 1 come. It was
alone by force of this principle that she was justi-
fied in her attempts, by that war, to break up the
French settlements on the Ohio—encroaching, as
she asserted they did, upon the chartered rights of
her subjects settled upon the Atlantic coast, and who
claimed the extension of their charters to the west-
ern sea, because it was contiguous territory—the do-
main ofno other civilized nation interfering with if—
it was continuous, no seas or oceans intervening.
Instead, then, sir, of countenancing her claim by the
oiler of such a proviso, dccided ground should have
been taken, and no occasion left to infer that wc be-
lieved she had a claim worthy of any serious atten-
tion.
But unfoitunately, sir, that course was not adopt-
ed, and the seed of the controveisy about this mat-
ter was then and there deposited.
Assuming at that time—as it was natural they
should have assumed and insisted upon—a due west
line from the Lake of the Woods as our northern
boundary, not regarding the parallel of 4'J° a;< fixed
by the tieaty of Utrecht in 1713, between her and
France, no difficulty could have been produced, un
less the disposition of England was then, as there is
too much leason to believe it is now, to do us great,
injustice. On the principle of contiguity, in refer-
ence to her Canadian possessions, she could then
rightfully claim all the country to the Pacific, north
of that line, without any question by any other pow-
er than Russia, and she could have defeated it only
by showing prior and actual occupancy and settle-
ment.
But, sir, as it is needless now to inquire what
might have been done, and what should have been
done, at that negotiation, we will inquire what was
actually done, and its bearing upon the question in
debate.
In the first article of the treaty of Ghent, the fol-
lowing stipulation is found:
"All territory, places, and possessions whatsoever,
taken by either party from the other during the war,
or which may be taken after the signing of this trea-
ty, excepting only the islands hereinafter.mention-
ed, shall be restored without delay," &c.
Astoria, at the mouth of the Columbia river, had
been founded in the spring of 1811, by the Pacific
Fur company, together with other posts on its
waters in the interior of.the country. This fact was
known to the Northwest British company, and it
was visited by one of its agents in the summer of
that year. It was an open, notorioitoo'ssession by
our own citizens, and marked, so that the world
could see it, by our banner flying from Jfce. little
stockade. Its occupants heard, in January, 1813,
of the declaration of war of the previous June; and
in the following summer, one of the partners of thi
Northwest company brought to it the news of the ap-
proach of a British naval force to take it into posses-
sion—to capture it; and in October of the "same
year, a body of men in the service of the same com-
pany, unarmed it is true, communicated the tidings
of an armed ship fitted out at London by the compa-
ny, being on her way, under convoy of a British
frigate, for the purpose of taking and destroying eve-
rything American in that-quarter.
These news—tidings like these in the unprepared
state of the settlement for resistance, operated with
the agents of the Pacific Fur company, to enter into
an agreement with the Northwest company to sell
the establishment, with the furs and peltries on
hand, to them. This transfer of the effects was
made in October, 1813; but the American flag, the
emblem of our sovereignty, remained flying, and so
continued, until the arrival of the British sloop-of-
war llacoon, on the first of December, when, on the
12th, it was struck, and the place formally surrender-
ed to its commander by the agent of the Pacific com-
pany. lie hoisted the British standard, and changed
the name from Astoria to Fort George.
These are historical facts, and have never been
questioned. The occupancy of the place, and its
belligerent capture, are alike parcels of authentic
history; and under the treaty of Ghent, the obliga-
tion to restore it was perfect and undoubted. Now,
sir, look at the first article in connection with these
facts, and with the further fact that Eastport and
Castine, in Maine, had also been captured during
the war, and were in the hands of England, and in
connexion "with the exception of certain Islands"
mentioned therein. Can it be believed, if Great
Britain seriously intended to assert her claim to
Astoria, as existing before the war, as a matter
justly in dispute with us, that she would have made
no exception in favor of it, and no stipulation that
the subject shoulubc referred to commissioners, as
the title to the "islands" was to be referred? No,
sir; she and we believed that Astoria was in the
same condition that Castine and Eastport were—
our undoubted possession, an integral part of bur
domain, and, as such, coming within the stipula-
tion of the treaty.
1 have said, sir, that the treaty of Ghent settled
no boundary line west of the Lake of the Woods.
It -wn.i a subjcct of discussion. The parallel of
forty-nine degrees was proposed and accepted by
the British, coupled with the further stipulation for
access to, and the free navigation on their part of,
the Mississippi river—a privilege-she had enjoved
under the treaty of peace of 1783, and under Jay's
treaty of 1794, as before stated. The objection was
not made, if I lecollect fight, that a line drawn on
that parallel to the Pacific would dislodge her of
claims south of it; but she insisted alone upon the
free mivigation of the Mississippi, which being re-
fused as a most exorbitant demand m the then state
of our settlements upon it, no line was agreed upon;
every thing was left open; not even the accommo-
dating proviso was accepted.
An apology may no doubt be found, sir, in the
fact that, at that time, the country west of the Koeky
mountains was not considered of any very great im-
portance to any of oui great national interests; and
unable to look through the vista of years to succeed,
our negotiators could have formed no adequate con-
ception of the progress-of the West in its growth, or
that the country would ever be required for the pur.
poses of settlement, or as a fit theatre for any great
national ■enterprise.
restoration of astoria, in oregon.
Although no definite boundary was agreed upon,
the stipulation for the unqualified surrender of posts,
places, and territory captured, was; and it was sought
to be ("ferried into effect, so far as Astoria "was con-
cerned, in 1817, simultaneous with the proceedings
of the joint commission appointed by the fourth
article to decide the respective rights of the parties
to "certain islands." In that year, Moose island,
Dudley island, and Frederick island, in the bay of
Passamaquoddy, were determined to belong to us,
