Feb. 1844,
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
28th Cong 1st Sess.
219
Oregon Territory—Mr. Breese.
Senate.
to withdraw, was met by Mr. Huskisson and Mr.
Canning by their declaration, in perfect keeping
with British arrogance, and her thirst for territorial
aggrandizement every where, that they were wholly
unprepared to admit any such proposition, asserting
that the western part of America was as open to
colonization then, as at any other time.
It is true, sir, she has since declared, it was not
her intention to colonize this territory, and the sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Choate] has repeated
it for her here, and has laid open her whole policy
in regard .to it, with the air and manner of one who
might be supposed to be in the secrets of her cabi-
net. But her declaration of a right to do so, is
enough for me; and as the senator exhorted" us
"to bide our time" for the exclusive occupancy of
this territory, so will Great Britain bide her time to
carry out her schemes of transatlantic colonization.
It may be true, sir, that nothing is even now said
of such a design; and that all other parts of the
world but this have a place in her colonization di-
rectory; still, sir, that furnishes no argument, when
we consider the character and policy of the power
asserting^ the right, why we should not be awake
to the subject—why we should not recall this pa-
triotic declaration of Mr. Monroe to our remem-
brance, and arouse again the spirit of the nation to
stand up to it. The designs of England are deep
and impenetrable, and slight hints which we may
gather from her words alone, should not be lost
upon us.
It was in the same message, sir, that Mr. Mon-
roe said, "in the wars of the European powers, in
matters relating to themselves, we have never taken
any part, nor does it comport with our policy so to
do.1'
"We owe it therefore to candor, and to the ami-
cable relations existing between the United States
and those powers, to declare that we should con-
sider any attempt on their part to extend their sys-
tem to any portion of this hemisphere, as dangerous
to our peace and safety."
The moral force of these declarations, sir, has
hitherto prevented any of those powers from making
territorial acquisitions on any part of this continent.
Cuba, sir, and other favored spots in our vicinity,
would long since have passed under British domi-
nation if our committal to these declarations was out
of the way. Her avowal of the absence of any de-
sign to colonize Oregon does not satify me, sir,
when I see the condition of her various establish-
ments, and the vast outlay of capital there, and the
tenacity with which she holds on to it. So long,
then, as we hold valuable our honor—so long as we
hold dear our integrity and character as a nation,
so long will we stand firmly by it,—so long will we
oppose the least appearance of European colonization
on this continent, and the intermingling of their pe-
culiar systems with our own.
Nothing was gained—nothing was settled at the
several conferences of the negotiators—Great Brit-
ain, as usual, insisting upon "the lion's share" of
the territory; we, exhibiting a spirit of conciliation
almost amounting to a consciousness of weakness.
Our minister fiibt insisted upon the parallel of 51°
noith as our linut—that being the supposed source
of the Columbia rivei, and our right clearly and dis-
tinctly shown up to that point. The British min-
ister, then, m a very generous spirit indeed, gave
firm to the hint thrown out at the negotiations m
1818, and proposed that the boundary line should
be drawn clue west from the Rocky Mountains
along the 49th paiallel of latitude to the northeast-
ernmost branch of the Columbia or Oregon river,
and thence down the middle of that river to the
ocean, and a perpetual free navigation of that chan-
nel.
Here is a recognition, to some extent, of the princi-
ple, that the discoverer of the mouth of a river is
entitled to the country watered by it, but at the same
time it manifests a disposition to subtract some poi*-
tion of the territory from us, by proposing the north-
eastern branch of the river, when the northwestern,
known as Canoe river on some maps, rises from a
far more distant source.
This boundary so totally inadmissible, caused our
minister to propose, in the hope of settling the ques-
tion, the 49tii instead of the 51st paiallel, and thus
the matter then ended; not without, however, a
proposition from our minister to continue the con-
vention for another ten years.
Throughout this negotiation, we can discover
nothing but the most baseless pretensions and most
arrogant demands on the part of Great Britain.
This was her policy; and in diplomacy, who so
able as she? Her subjects were in the full fruition
of advantages there—our citizens were excluded;
and what better could be done for the former, than
delay a settlement of the question, and in what way
so cheap and so easy, as by extravagant demands?
A candid and close scrutiny into her claims as then
presented, must satisfy those most partial to her
cause, that thty were vague and indefinite, airy and
intangible; and I am surprised at her boldness and
effrontery in putting them forth. But delay was
her object, and she gained that for which she was
diplomatizing.
About this time, sir, we formed a convention with
Russia—she too having claims by settlement and
occupancy on the northwest coast of this continent—
by which we curtailed our territory there, near six
depress of latitude, by relinquishing to her all our
right north of 54° 40', she m return giving up all
claim—which she was very willing to do, as she
never had any, south of it. In this convention with
that power, there was astipulation for trading privi-
leges on a part of that coast claimed by her for ten
years, and when the time expired, she very uncere-
moniously ordered away our vessels, and commu-
nicated the fact to our government. And she served
Great Britain in the same way, and refused to renew
the privilege; yet neither power took umbrage at this
assertion of her undoubted right.
negotiations at london in 1826-7.
Again were negotiations renewed by our minis-
ter, Mr. Gallatin, in 1826—Mr. Huskisson repte-
senting his Britannic Majesty. Our negotiator man-
ifested great ability in the discussion, urging every
principle, topic, an.d argument that could be brought
up to strengthen or illustrate our title, and presented
such an array as to compel the British negotiator
finally to declare, that Great Britain did not claim
any title to the country—only a right in common
with other nations (ours included) to occupy it; that
it was a free and open country—placing much stress
upon the concessions to her by Spain under the trea-
ty of Nootka Sound.
Before this time, sir, it had been proposed in Con-
gress, in addition to Mi. Floyd's \)ill of 1820, re-
newed m 1824, and which passed the House of
Representatives by a vote of two to one, President
Monroe having recommended m his message of
that year, the establishing of forts for the protection
of the passes to the country and on the Columbia
river, to extend a territorial government over the
country, and to establish a custom-house there for
the collection of duties upon foreign imports.
In the conferences between ^Mr. Gallatin and Mr.
Huskisson, much was said about these designs.
Mr. Gallatin called the attention of the British min-
ister to the terms of their act of Parhameqj of July,
1821; remarked upon the vast powers grant-
ed, and that it contained no exception in fa-
vor of American citizens from the operation
of their civil and criminal jurisdiction; and then
urged that, inasmuch as we could nut act in
this manner by means of chartered companies, but
in a mode conformable to our institutions, by creating
territorial governments lor the protection of our
citizens not inhabiting any one of the States, they
must not consider such an establishment offensive,
ur an mfiingment of the convention. To this, no
objection was made, nor was any urged to the erec-
tion of forts.
Mr. Buchanan, (from his seat) England has
already upbraided us for not doing so.
Mr. Breese. And will continue to upbraid us,
and justly, too, if we longer delay to provide protec-
tion for those who have gone there, and are on their
route thither. No, sir, England did not object to
either of these modes of using the country : a ter-
ritorial government through which laws could be
made and be enfoiced—nulitury posts as a security
to our citizens, had no terrors; but it was the estab-
lishment of a custom-house, and extending our rev-
enue laws there, winch constituted the real objec-
tion. It was that alone which alarmed her minister
British ships entered there, without inspection,
without any port or other charges, and landed their
cargoes free of duties. No custom-house officers
were on the look-out for them; no duties were to
be paid upon goods imported, and no clearances re-
quired, or other burdens imposed upon their trade.
This was a condition of things of immense ad-
vantage to the Hudson Bay company, as they
could undersell American traders, who had to
pay duties at the Atlantic custom-houses, and
thus drive them from the country. By keeping
the country open to the admission of all ar-
ticles of trade, the "company" was enabled to set
competition at defiance; and by the aid of adept
and skilful negotiators, their interests have, from
that that time to this, been most effectually ad-
vanced. There is no competition in the country;
not a trapper can be seen in his exciting, yet soli-
tary toil, who is not a dependant of that company;
and such is the unthrifty system pursued by it
upon the territory we own and they possess, in
hunting it over each successive year, that the most
valuable fur-bearing animals have almost entirely
disappeared.
These conventions for a joint occupancy are very
agreeable diplomatic arrangements indeed, and Very
profitable, but not to us, sir; and the lesson we
have now learned should teach us, in future, to
have no more of them. We either have rights, or
have not. If we have, it is best to assert them
in the proper way—firmly, yet temperately; if we
have not; it will not advantage us, as a nation, to be
under obligations of this character, to the kind per-
mission of any power, whose generous forbearance
to expel us from a country may create a. claim
against us, which we cannot, hereafter, decently
resist.
The three first conferences between these minis-
ters related entirely to a line of boundary west from
the Rocky mountains, but, as usual, nothing was
agreed on, though our title was argued in the ablest
manner, whilst that of the British was shown to be
a mere pretension. England renewed the offer of
1824, to make the Columbia river the boundary,
after the 49th parallel intersected it; and Mr. Galla-
tin that parallel to the Pacific ocean, with the fur-
ther agreement, that if this line crossed any of the
navigable waters of the Columbia, they should have
free use of them, and of the river to the sea, with
some other stipulations of an unimportant char-
acter.
The British minister being well satisfied with the
existing state of things, (it suiting their case pre-
cisely,) was not swift to agree to any reasonable
proposition, though mingled with offers of conces-
sions we ought not to have made. But, to manifest
their great regard for us, and to convince us of the
deep and lively interest they took in our welfare,
and to show us what a kind and accommodating
spirit they had, as the Columbia, by their proposi-
tion, was to be fr#e to both nations, they would
give us, for an exclusive harbor, and for naval pur-
poses, a little bay and point of land, just soutn of
the "strait of Fuca," detached from the territory of
the Columbia, and worth nothing in comparison to
the country her cupidity demanded; ana this for a
gr,cat national depot for our navy.' This was lib-
eral, indeed—the more especially when we con-
sider her title to the territory, so baseless and un-
substantial as it is.
At these conferences, sir, the British negotiator
did, more than once, declare England had no inten-
tion to colonize the country, and our, minister ex-
pressed his opinion that she "may have no imme-
diate intention of that kind but to protect the com-
pany in the fur trade"—that it was, perhaps, her
present intention not to colonize it. What'her fu-
ture intentions might be, he did not pretend to di-
vine; nor can I divine what is meant by the aster-
isks in the published documents closely following
the expression of this opinion, concealing some-
thing our government thought prudent not to pub-
lish to the world. Everything an ambassador com-
municates to his government is not always proper
for the public eye, and is frequently suppressed—
such, for example, as his own opinion, in contra-
diction to an expressed avowal from the other sidf,
of intention or object.
The result, sir, of these conferences, protracted
and as ably conducted as they were, is the conven-
tion of the 6th of August, 1827, as follows:
convention at london of aug. 6, 1827.
Article 1. All the provisions of the third article of
the convention concluded between the United States
of America and his Majesty the King of the United
Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, on the 20th
of October, 1818, shall be, and they are hereby,
further indefinitely extended, and continued in force
in the same manner as if all the provisions of the
said article were herein specifically recited.
Article 2. It shall be competent, however, to either
of the contracting parties, in case either should think
fit, at any time after the 20th of October, 1828, in
giving due notice of twelve months to the other con-
tracting party, to annul and abrogate this conven-
tion; ana it shall, in such case, be accordingly ah-
