206
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 30, 1844.
Mr. PEARCE presented a memorial from the
president and directors of the Philadelphia, Wil-
mington, and Baltimore Railroad company, praying
a remission of duty on certain railroad iron; referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. TAPPAN presented a memorial from Albert
Herring, late a paymaster in the army of the United
States, representing that he is indebted to the United
States to an amount that he is unable to pay, and
praying that an arrangement may be made by which
certain valuable paintings may be received in pay-
ment of said debt: referred to the Committee on the
Library.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
Messrs. Swaim,Abell, and Simmons, proprietors and
publishers of the Public Ledger, Philadelphia, stating
that, in the usual course of their business, on the
31st December, 1842, they purchased a treasury
note for $500, dated on the 5th February, 1842; that
on the 22d April, 1843, the Treasury Department
issued a circular, stating that a package of treasury-
notes, which "had been paid, and cancelled by wri-
ting on their face, and by a receipt endorsed on
them," had been forwarded by the collector at New
Orleans to the Treasury Department, so long before
the date of the notice as the 26th July, 1842, but had
not been received; that this $500 treasury note is
among the number embraced in the circular of the
Secretary of the Treasury, but that it is neither can-
celled nor defaced, nor is any receipt endorsed upon
it; and this appears from the certificates of the col-
lector and deputy-collector of the port of Philadel-
phia, and of the district judge and district attorney.
They therefore request Congress to pass an act to
provide for the payment of the stud note.
Mr. BUCHANAN said he had been thus minute
in stating the facts alleged in the memorial, because
he believed there were many similar cases, for which,
he thought, provision ought to be made. He had
himself seen one of these treasury notes m the pos-
session of a friend, on which there were no marks
whatever indicating that it had ever been paid. If the
collector at New Ox-leans had neglcctcd to caned these
notes or endorse a receipt upon them, and, in conse-
quence, they had found their way into circulation,
and were in the hands of honest purchasers for full
value, the Government of the United States ought to
pay the amount. The national faith required it.
The neglect of a public officer to do his duty ought
not to be visited upon the heads of those who had
received these notes on the faith and credit of the
government, without any mark either upon their
face or their back, to produce the slightest suspicion
that they had ever been paid. Perhaps it might be
best to pass a general bill providing for all similar
cases. Referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. R. also presented a similar memorial from the
Savings' Fund Society of Philadelphia, stating that
they had received a $1,000 treasury note, and anoth-
er of £50, in the course of business; which were in
precisely the same situation of the note above. This
memorial was also referred to the Finance Commit-
tee.
Also presented a memorial from the heirs of Da-
vid Noule, deceased, late an officer of the icvolution-
ary war, praying to be allowed commutation pay:
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Also presented a memorial, signed by a number
of ciiizens, similar to those he had already present-
ed, stating that the canal boats winch pass through
the New Jersey canal line with coal, are subjected
to taking out coasting licenses, to furnish a list of
their crews, and to pay hospital money, as it they
were seagoing vessels. They pray relief from the
construction thus placed upon the laws by the cus-
tom-house officers: referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
RETRENCHMENT AND ECONOMY.
Mr. WRIGHT presented resolutions, adopted by
the legislature of New York, urging upon Congress
the speedy adoption of such a system of economy
and retrenchment m the expenditures of the nation-
al government as shall reduce the ordinary and cur-
rent expenses for the support of government to an
amount coming within its current revenue, and to
provide a sinking fund for the prompt payment of
any present debt of the United States; calling upon
their senators and representatives to urge the adop-
tion of such policy: ordered to he on the table, and
be printed.
Thf following resolution, introduced by Mr.
Breese on the 14th December last, was taken up,
on his motion, and adopted, viz:
Resolved^ That the President of the United States
be requested to inform the Senate why the act of
Congress of the 26th of June, 1834, entitled "An
act to create additional land districts in the States of
Illinois and Missouri, and in the territory north of
the State of Illinois," has not been carried into ef-
fect, and the sales of the lands therein ordered, as
required by the provisions of said act.
Mr. CLAYTON, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill to amend the act entitled "An
act establishing the northern boundary line of the
State of Ohio, and for the admission of the State of
Michigan into the Union upon the condition therein
expressed;" which was read, and ordered to a sec-
ond reading. The report accompanying was order-
ed to be printed.
THE FINE ON GENERAL JACKSON.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which was leferred the bill from the
House to refund the fine imposed on General An-
drew Jackson, reported the same back with an
amendment, in the words following, to wit:
Provided, That nothing in this act shall be con-
strued to express or imply any censure of the con-
duct or character of the Hon. Dominick A. Hall, by
whom the fine was imposed.
Mr. B. also, from the same committee, reported a
bill for the relief of Henry Gardener and others, di-
rectors of an association called the New England and
Mississippi Land Company; and
A bill for the relief of John Atchison, of Galena,
Illinois; which were read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. SEMPLE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies one day on the table, under the rule:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to cause to be communicated to the Sen-
ate an estimate of what would be the additional ex-
pense to the government, of requiring each of the
armed vessels of the United States attached to the
home squadron to leave New Orleans once a month,
and visit alternately the principal ports on the east-
ern shore of the irland of Cuba, San Domingo, and
Porto Rico, thence to sail down the coast of the Car-
ribcan sea and Gulf of Mexico, touching at the
principal ports in Venezuela, New Grenada, Guate-
mala, Mexico, and Texas, and thence return to
New Orleans by Havana, Matanzas, and Kingston,
Jamaica, to Chagres, and back to New Orleans.
Mr. BREESE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies one day on the table, under the rule,
viz:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be directed to inquire into the expediency of pro-
viding for the examination of some point at or near
the confluence of the Ohio and Mississippi rivers,
by some competent officer of the navy, to be appoint-
ed by the President of the United States, and to be
associated with some skilful officer of the corps of
topographical engineers, to be appointed in like
manner, and to report to the next session of Con-
gress upon its advantages and capabilities for a
mual depot and dock-yard; and into the expediency
of appropriating a sum of money for that purpose,
equal m amount to the sum appropriated for the ex-
amination of the harbor of Memphis, in Tennessee;
and that the said committee be authorized to call be-
fore them and examine competent civil and other
engineers, acquainted with that locality, as to its
capabilities for such naval depot and dock-yard;
and also that they inquire into the expediency of
establishing a marine hospital at or near said point,
and that they report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. FULTON, on leave, introduced a bill in rela-
tion to donations of lands to certain persons in the
State of Arkansas; which was read, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. JARNAGIN, the adverse re-
port of the Committee on Revolutionary Claims, in
the case of Elizabeth Lomax, was taken up and
concurred m by the Senate.
On motion by Mr. JARNAGIN, the adverse re-
port of .the Committee on Revolutionary Claims, in
the case of the heirs of Daniel Trudieait, was taken
up for consideration.
This a claim for property destroyed during the
war of the revolution by the army of Cornwallis.
The property destroyed was occupied as a place of
deposite for arms and munitions of war belonging to
the American army*
Mr. JARNAGIN defended the report of the com-
mittee, adverse to the principle of paying claims of
this character, founded on transactions occurring at
that remote day.
Mr. RIVES and Mr. ARCHER took the ground
that the principle was established by the acts of 1816
and 1818, authorizing the indemnity for property
destroyed by the enemy, in consequence of its oc-
cupancy for the-purposes of the army of the United
States. The fact of the property being destroyed in
such manner as to bring the claims within the prin-
ciples of those acts they mentioned, was already
established by respectable witnesses; and
Mr. RIVES moved that the report be recommitted
to the committee.
The motion was agreed to, and the report was re-
committed to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
The joint resolution from the House of Represent-
atives reducing the price paid for the printing of the
Senate to the price paid by the other House of Con-
gress, was taken up, read twice, and referred to the
Committee on Printing.
FUGITIVE SLAVES AND THE ASHBURTON
TREATY.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolution;
which lies one day on the table, under the rules:
Resolvedy That the President be requested to com-
municate to the Senate the information, if any,
which may be in the Department of State, in rela-
tion to the slaves committing crimes and escaping
from the United Slates to the British dominions,
since the ratification of the treaty of 1842, and the
refusal of the British authorities to give them up.
Also, that he communicate to the Senate the in-
formation, if any such is possessed by him, of the
construction which the British government puts up-
on the said article in relation to slaves committing
crimes in the United States and taking refuge in the
British dominions.
FUGITIVE CRIMINALS AND THE ASHBUR-
TON TREATY.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolution;
which lies on the tabic one day, under the rule:
Resolved, (as the opinion of the Senate,) That the
President of the United States ought to give notice
to the government of Great Britain for the immedi-
ate termination of the 10th article of the treaty of
1842, being the article for the surrender of fugitive
criminals.
Resolved, That a copy of this resolution be deliv-
ered to the President.
COMPROMISE ACT.
The CHAIR [Mr. Bayard] announced the un-
finished special order; which was, the resolutions
reported for the Finance Committee for the indefinite
postponement of the bill introduced by Mr. Mc-
Duffig to reduce the rales of the tariff to the stan-
dard of the compromise act.
Mr. BERRIEN rose, and moved that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness—there being some of importance to transact
there.
Mr. EVANS was willing for the special
order to be postponed till to-morrow, though he was
prepared to enter upon the discussion.
The question was put, and the Senate agreed to
go into the consideration of executive business.
Mr. McDUFFIE rose to suggest, in reference to
the constitutional difficulty which prevailed on the
other side with respcct to cnteitaining his bill, that
he was prepared to offer an amendment which
would obviate nil such objections. This would
supersede the necessity of discussing the prelimi-
nary question; and the dtbate could then bo con-
tinued on the tariff policy, so that every gentleman
who wished to participate m the discussion might
have an opportunity of doing so. He had made
tins suggestion m consequcnce of what had fallen
from the senator from Maine on a former day—that
if the subject were piesentcd in any form which
would justify the Senate in entertaining it, he and
Ins friends would nut sin ink from its discussion.
The amendnit nt he had piepared would supersede
the necessity of the motion of the senator from
Virginia, [Air. Archer,] to get rid of the subject.
Mr. ARCHER said the Senate had determined
to go into executive session, and it was not then in
order to reply to the senator's suggestion.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration of
