220
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Oregon Territory—Mr. Breese.
Feb. 1844.
Senate.
nulled and abrogated, after the expiration of the said
term of notice.
Article 3. Nothing: contained in this convention,
or in the third article of the .convention of the 20th
October, 1818, hereby continued in force, shall be
construed to impair, or in any manner affcct, the
claims which either of the contracting parties may
have to any part of the country westward of the
Stony or Rocky mountains.
Article 4. .Provides only for the ratification of the
convention, "and the exchange of the ratification
within nine months thereafter.
This view of our negotiations, Mr. President,
brief and imperfect as it may be, embraces the
prominent facts and principles upon which they
were conducted to their final consummation.
The tenacity with which Great Britain has, at all
times, clutched this territory, in virtue of a claim so
pretensionless as she exhibited, based upon the free-
booting exploits of their renowned buccanier Drake,
who, at an early day, visited for plunder parts of
that coast; the pretended discoveries of the Colum-
bia river by some of her navigators, following in the
track of an American captain, who stamped our na-
tionality on the country by the name he gave its
majestic stream; and above all, upon the terms of a
convention for hunting, fishing, and traffic, on that
coast, entered into with Spain, would excite the as-
tonishment of one unacquainted with her history,
and ignorant of her desire for aggrandisement, and
the extension of her powers.
the proposed notice to terminate the
convention.
I come now, sir, to the resolution of my colleague
upon your table; and when the terms of the conven-
tion of August, 1827, are considered, and all its at-
tendant circumstances carefully reviewed and pon-
dered, it is incomprehensible to me how the notice
proposed to be given can give offence in any quar-
ter. The convention itself provides for it, in clecir
and express terms. It is to be a twelve-months no-
tice only; and, when given, at any time either parly
may think fit, after the 20th of October, 1828, it is to
annul and abrogate it. Having the cle;u* and un-
doubted right to give the notice, we are not required
to fnrnish a reason why we do give it. No nation
can be called upon to give a reason for any act which
her treaty stipulations with another nation author-
izes her to do; national comity does not extend so far:
and, if Great Britain deemed it for her interest to
give the notice to us of her desire to annul the con-
vention, what right would we have to take offence?
with what propriety could we allege it was a bel-
ligerent act, when the stipulation is so clear? The
time when it is to be given is to be determined by
the party giving it; and neither pm-ty would lutve
any right to demand a reason therefor. Like a part-
nership between private individuals, sir, providing
by its terms for its own dissolution, upon notice
gi\en, neither of the parties could complain of the
notice—it being provided for and agreed to in the
contract itself. Why, then, sir, the opposition to it
we have heard in tins chamber1 Neither the argu-
ments of the ehaiiman of Foieign Relations, [IVtr.
Arciilr,] nor those of the senator from Mass>a-
ehuxetts, [Mr. Choate,] nor those of the senator
from New Jeiscy, [Mr. Dayton,] nor anything else
that I have heard or read, satisfy me that it is
either inexpedient, discourteous, or indecorous to
give the notice. It is not indecorous or discourte-
ous, because a new minister has arrived to negotiate
about the Temtory of Oregon, for it is only entering
into the negotiation on our part, upon another basis
than joint occupancy, being, as that is, repugnant to
the feelings of the country at large. The supposed
joint occupancy, as time has shown, is d misnomer;
it is sole and exclusive; and that, too, to the best por-
tions of a country crurs, upon every principle of right
and justice, and gives Great Britain decided advan-
tages over us, which she ought not to enjoy. By
giving the notice, prior to any further negotiation,
we but remit ourselves to our original right, and
Great Britain is remitted to hers also; and to the ar-
bitrament of the world, should the results predicted
by the senator from Massachusetts ensue, this na-
tion can look without alarm and with perfect confi-
dence. Nor do I consider it inexpedient or dangerous
to give the notice, because of possible offence to the
gigantic power of England. I would take a stand
in every case in which she is concerned, that would
not be expedient with a more humble power
Crouching and submission to her, should not be its
elements; but a firm, dignified position, one which we
had determined to be right, leaving her to put such
a construction upon it as she pleased. No offence
should be given, if it can well be avoided, to any
power; but one who takes offence without cause,
will not receive the support or sympathy of any of
the nations of the world. Would Russia, France,
Austria, the German States—to say nothing of the
minor powers of Europe—justify her in taking
umbrage at a friendly, legal notice, which she has
agreed, by solemn treaty, we might give, and which
we are bound to receive in amity, should she give
it? 1 do not think her giant powers, of which the
Senate has heard so much in this debate, will be
called into action by a simple notice to terminate the
joint occupancy of our own premises. She must
nave before the world, in this its enlightened age,
some better cause than that, or she will be unsus-
tained by it. This she knows full well; and it will
be an insurmountable obstacle to her appeal to arms.
Giving the notice will be an intimation, too, to our
minister, accompanied by the manifestations of pub-
lic feeling on the subject, that we desire to occupy
the country, and that no proposition for its surren-
der can be admitted. These are my views, Mr
President, of our right to give the notice-contempla-
ted by the resolution now under debate, and of its
effects, when given. In recalling them rapidly to
my mind, I can see nothing that can, by any rea-
sonable possibility, give offence to England—noth-
ing discourteous, nothing indecorous, nothing to
awaken the just pride or indignation of that power.
remarks on the arguments against
the notice.
I will now, sir, advert more particularly to some
of the positions assumed by the senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Choate,] and the senator from New
Jersey, over the way, [Mr. Dayton,] and endeavor
to show either that they are not tenable, or, if tena-
ble, to place ourselves upon them would be evin-
cing a spirit wholly inconsistent with the high char-
acter we have acquired.
The honorable senator from Massachusetts, sir,
placed the subject in two points of view, and mainly
confined his argument to them. The first was, that
it would be better policy to negotiate for equivalents;
and the second, to leave to time the accomplishment
of our desires to possess and enjoy the Oregon Ter-
ritory—to leave all to the developments of time, and
to the natural course of events, both which he en-
deavored to illustrate and fortify by such arguments
as he chose to submit.
"EQUIVALENTS" FOR OREGON.
In arguing his first position, the honoiable sen-
ator did not state what the equivalents were to be,
in the event of a negotiation and a cession of any
part of our claim, but left us to guess. For myself,
sii, I kifbw of nothing that Great Britain could offer
as an equivalent, which America could, in honor,
accept. We have there now, many hundreds of
our most enterprising and valuable citizens; and be-
fore negotiations can close, many hundreds mote will
ha\e passed the mountain chain, and taken up then-
abode upon the banks of the Columbia, and its nu-
merous tributaries. It would not be proposed, most
certainly, if a surrender is contemplated, that the
equivalent should be money. Money could not
have been meant; for how could an American Senate
justify itself, m selling the blood and muscle of our
citizens? and that they would do, if money was re-
ceived as an equivalent for any portion of our domain
inhabited by them. This nation owes to its people
protection; and until she forfeits her high character
of fidelity to her tiusts, she will not sell nor exchange
them for any equivalent. Transfemng any part of
the country to Great Britain, would be transferring
the American blood and muscle within it, and that
would be an outiage of which American legislators
would never be guilty. Some have settled north,
and some south of the Columbia river, and some
perhaps maybe found nestling in shelteied nooks,
as high up as our most northern limit of 54° 40',
having gone there m full faith that they would not
be expatriated by negotiation; and with a full know-
ledge of the declaiation of our government, that, in-
asmuch as the parallel of 49° had been refused as
a line of boundary, it would consider itself at liberty
to contend for the full extent of our claims.
To cede them away—to sell them for gold—"for
as much trash as may be grasped thus"—would be a
stigma upon our character ages could not efface.
Gold, sir, cannot be an equivalent.
But if money is not meant—if there be no inten-
tion to sell our people for gold—what equivalents
have they to offer to us?—for the suggestion of
equivalents presupposes the surrender of the whole
or a part of the territory. What can they offer?
Have they any territory on this continent they can
give in exchange? >
In casting about for this equivalent, and looking
to the source from which the suggestion comes, and
coupling it with the opposition of the senator from
New Jersey, [Mr. Dayton,] to any further spread
of our confederacy, 1 have fallen upon something
which may serve to explain the matter, and as a key
to unlock what is now concealed. It may serve,
sir, to explain in what direction it is expedient to
extend this nation—in the Northeast, but not in the
Northwest—to sell our citizens, and buy for-
eign subjects.
At the session of the Senate, when this conven-
tion of 1827 was before it for ratification, and from
a vote on which the senator from New Jersey says
Mr. Van Buren was among the missing—as if there
was then some responsibility to avoid, and which is
hy no means characteristic of that individual to
avoid—a distinguished senator from Rhode Island
[Mr. Knight] submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President be requested to open
a negotiation with the government of Great Britain,
for the province of Upper Canada, including the dis-
trict of Montreal, in exchange for all the right, title,
and interest of the United States to the temtory
west of the Rocky mountains."
Here is an eastern proposition, sir, made in 1828,
for a cession of this territory for an equivalent. Is
that to be renewed at the coming negotiation, and is
our government to accept it? Is there any other
equivalent England can offer?
This proposition of the senator from Rhode Is-
land, may, possibly, throw some light on the views
of the senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Choate,]
and his friends, as to the nature and kind of the
equivalent, the desire expressed in it to extend the
force and power of population in the northeast, but
not to weaken the arch and hazard the keystone by
expanding it west, as the senator from New Jersey
[Mr. Dayton] argued we should do, by populating
the Oregon, and making it an integral part of our con-
federacy. Ever since the acquisition of Louisiana,
sir, and whilst measures were pending for that pur-
pose, there has been a party in this country, (and I
speak it sir, with sorrow and regret,) cherishing an
open and deep hostility to the extension of our con-
federacy west. When that purchase was effected,
history tells us of the various attempts then made,
to influence the public mind against it, and the oppo-
sition the measure received in all its phases. No
measure was more denounced, and the splitting
asunder of the national arch was most confidently
predicted, and boldly asserted. Its policy, the
strength it has added to the circle of our Union, by
thus extending its circumference, is now no longer
questioned. Time, which proves all things, has
settled that]" most conclusively, and present anticipa-
tions of similar hazards attendant on the possession
of Oregon, will, by the same agency, be shown to
be equally groundless and unreasonable. Our con-
federacy is peculiarly adapted to expansion, and any
number of States can be added to it, strengthening
it by their number, until its circumfcrence shall em-
brace all the territory of this continent. One com-
mon head, with clear and well-defined powers be-
stowed upon it, and these regarding chiefly our ex-
ternal and foreign relations and interests, and each
State by itself managing its own governmental af-
fairs in its own way, neither interfering with the
just rights and powers of the other, and with the
seat of the common and general government at some
convenient and central point, the combination would
be endowed with enduring strength, and invincible
against the assaults of the world.
I see no reason, sir, why the confederacy should
be extended north and ^ast, and our western terri-
tory excluded from it benefits; unless it be, sir, that
the liberal doctrines avowed and acted upon in the
West are not so palatable to certain gentlemen as
those of the eastern communities. But the confed-
eracy will extend westward, maugre all the efforts
of the day to avert its progress. It is the natuial
course of things; and if we do not now aid the effort,
but seek to embarrass it, the same judgment of the
country will be pronounced against us, as it has al-
ready rendered against the opposition to the acqui-
sition, settlement, and organization of the Territo-
ry of Louisiana into separate andmdependentStates.
Sir, these considerations suggest to me anothei ar-
gument in favor of giving the notice: it is the fact
that the existence of this joint occupancy has been
