CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
207
executive business; and after some time spent there-
in, adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 30, 1844.
The journal having been read—
REPORT ON THE RULES.
The CHAIR remarked that the first business in
order was the report of the Select Committee on the
Rules, on which the gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Stiles] had the floor.
Mr. STILES then spoke as follows:
When I last addressed the House, before conclu-
ding, I had shown, by reference to Hatsell's parliamen-
tary Precedents that petitions against taxes were re-
jected by Parliament. Now, sir, as we are referred
to England for the rule of our conduct, upon what
principle was it that petitions against taxes were
always rejected? It was that taxes necessary
for the support of government, could not be
petitioned against. But I ask, sir, if nothing be-
sides taxes are necessary for the support of govern-
ment'' Can any government in the world last a mo-
ment without them' Can dollars and cents be placed
in the scale against faith and honor? Are not the
faith and honor of the nation pledged upon the sub-
ject of slavery? Would the slavcholding States
ever have entered the Union—would our southern
fathers ever have signed the constitution, unless
their rights Jiad been secured by that instrument'
Will not that Union be dissolved, whenever the
government shall, instead of protecting, plunder
them of their property? Yes, sir, slavery and the
constitution have flourished together; their existence
is the same, and inseparable; and if folly and mad-
ness shall destroy the one, the other will follow it to
he tomb. But to return to the argument from which
I have deviated, to reply to the gentleman from
Massachusetts. Parliament, I have shown, were in
the constant practice of rejecting petitions. The intel-
ligent framers of the constitution were familiar with
this fact; and in guarding our country against the
evils of such legislation as the riot acts, in protecting
the great right of petition, their omission to provide
that petitions should be received, is evidence irresist-
ible and conclusive, that the reception of petitions
was never intended to be embraced in the amend-
ment, or comprehended under the right of petition.
According to the letter of the constitution, this
rule is not a violation of that instrument, be- j
cause no law is passed or contemplated. Ac- j
cording to its spirit, it is not violated, because
the object of the amendment was simply to
prevent the passage of such acts as those of
George 1st, and Charles 2d; and because the practice
of rejecting petitions was common in England,
familiar to the authors of the amendment, and not
provided against by them. It is not a violation of the
constitution, then. Is it a violation of the right
of petition? But, instead of searching the constitu-
tion, in order to ascertain what are the rights of pe-
tition, strange to tell, we must, as the gentleman
from New York says, throw the constitution aside,
and go back to England, to the British Parliament,
to the bill of rights, which grew out of the revolu-
tion of 1688. A citizen of America, the freest coun-
try in the world, (as the gentleman from North
Carolina observed,) run away from his own country,
and flee to England for his freedom! I leave the
gentleman from New York to reconcile himself
with the gentleman from North Carolina, his associate
in feeling on tins subject. I leave him to explain
to that member how it is that a citizen of the freest
country in the world can throw aside the constitu-
tion of his country, and seek a cover for his rights,
a shelter for his liberties, behind the acts of a British
Parliament. "
But why should we go back for instruction to
England? as the gentleman from New York said.
Is there any analogy between either the government
or the people of England and our own? In England
all power is m the government. Here it is in the
people. There the Parliament, humanly speaking,
is omnipotent. Here, our Congress is limited in its
powers to a few specified subjects, marked out and
defined by a written constitution. In Great Britain,
the sovereign holds his office independent of the
people; and so do the members of the House of
Lords. If arbitrary and unjust laws are instituted
by the government, the people, however unanimous
against them, have no remedy but in an humble pe-
tition for their abolition. Here the members of the
government are directly responsible to the people,
hold their officers subject to the popular will, and, if
unfaithful to their trusts, they are turned out, and
more faithful servants chosen in their places. It
results, therefore, that whilst, in monarchical gov-
ernments, the right to petition the rulers is the high-
est, or ultimate right of the subject in securing him
from molestation at the hands of his government,
here the right dwindles into comparative insignifi-
cance; being only a right to • petition our own ser-
vants to do that which we may command them to
do, or discharge them for not doing. In short, in
England the people are listened to only when they
speak in the humble tone of petition. In America
they will be heard, through the authoritative voice of
instruction.
What does this right of petition embrace? What
would they have? The right peaceably, to assemble..
Do we propose to disturb that right' No. The
right to prepare a petition. Do we propose to pre-
vent them? No. The right to present that petition
to this body. Do we oppose that right' Sir, the
question has not been fairly met. Gentlemen argue
as though we denied the right of petition. We
make no such denial. We are as warm advocates
of the right of petition as any persons on this floor.
We know the importance of that right, and would
not touch it. We are willing that gentlemen shall
exercise the right to as full an extent, at least, as it
is enjoyed in England, (for that seems to be the
summit of their ambition;) but we come to issue
with th£m as to the limits and extent of that right.
What are the limits and extent of that right' There
must be some point at which the right of petition
ends, and that of legislating by this body commences.
Where does the right of petition end? Just where
that of legislation commences. Legislation cannot
go back and interfere with petition; nor can petition
extend forward and interfere with legislation. The
right of legislation commences the moment the
House is informed of the petition. If they have a
right to go one step farther, and say we shall re-
ceive, they have just as much right to say we shall
refer, and we shall grant. The action of the House
—the right of legislation—commences with the pre-
sentation of the petition; and the refusal to accept is
no interference with that right. We do not propose
to interfere with their assembling; we do not dic-
tate the manner in which they sh<3l prepare a peti-
tion, or how they should present it to this body.
But, when they have assembled; when they have
prepared the petition; when they have presented it
to this House, when, in short, their right has been
fully exercised and completely exhausted,—then it
is that our right commences: and, as we have not
interfered with them, we should not permit them to
interfere with us, and to usurp the legislative powers
of the country, and dictate to us the mode and man-
ner in which our duties shall be performed.
But, says the gentleman from Noith Carolina,
the petition should be received, "in order to know
what it is the petitioners want." We undertake,
(says the member from Maine,) by the refusal of
the petition, "to prejudge the case," and "condemn
them unheard."
Here is another step where gentlemen reason un-
fairly. They assume, as a starting point upon which
to found an argument, that we have never seen,
read, or heard the petition. Now, sir, it this be
reasoning, gentlemen have forgotten the very first
rule in logic. They have failed to prove their prem-
ises. Is it true, in point of fact, that we are unac-
quainted with the objects of the petition? Is there a
member here who can rise in his place and say
that he does "not know what the petitioners want'"
Have they not been presented beyond number for
years past' Has not Congress heard, considered,
discussed, and determined, that they cannot enter-
tain jurisdiction of the subject; and how can the
announcement of this House, of its judgment in the
matter, (for that is the whole sum and substance
of the rule,) be considered as ignorance on the part
of this House of the wants of the petitioner?
But "we prejudge the case." "We condemn
them unheard." AVhat do gentlemen mean? Am
I to undeistand that the petitions have never been
read? They have been read over and over again,
whilst before the question of reception is put, the
petition can always be read upon the call of any
member of the House. 1s it meant, by not being
heard, that these petitions have never been discussed?
They have been discussed in this hall to the fullest
extent for weeks, and even months, whilst the ques-
tion of reception not only admit discussion, but ad-
mits it in the most ample manner.
Gentlemen argue as though we had no right, tor
any cause, or under any circumstances, to reject a
petition. Is the right inimitable? Is every petition,
however disrespectful to this body, to be received?
Is there any one who, in his zeal for the freedom of
petition, goes that far? I presume not. There is,
then, some limit to that right. We have the power to
reject; the right to refuse is conceded. And is not this
rejection an abridgment of the great right of peti-
tion? Oh no! And why? Because it would bean
interference with the dignity of our honorable selves,
and be perhaps an interruption of die business of
this House. This great inherent and inalienable
right cannot stand, then, when brought into contact
with our dignity or our business. These are to be
rejected; but all others are to be received. These
petitions may be as disrespectful as their author^
please, to our constituents or our States; but so as
they do not touch our noble selves, they are to be
received. They may treat with contempt the con-
stitution of the country, and trample on its chartered
rights; but so as they do not impede our business
here, they are to be received. From whence did we
obtain our dignity? Are we in a monarchical gov-,
ernment, and was it born with us? No, sir. It was
derived from the people; yet we would reject a peti-
tion here, disrespectful to ourselves, who are the
servants; but receive one insulting to, and defama-
tory of, the people, who are the masters. Whence
do we derive our powers of legislation? From the
constitution; and we would reject a petition im-
peding our legislation, and yet receive one viola-
tive of the constitution, from whence all our powers
of legislation are derived, and upon which the wel-
fare of the country depends. The right illimitable?
Then where the necessity of that rule of this
House which makes it incumbent on the introducer
to give a statement of the contents of the petition?
Where the necessity of a statement, unless its ob-
ject be to determine whether or not Congress has
jurisdiction over the subject. If there be no dis-
cretion, where the necessity of that other rule which
requires the question of reception to be put. Where
the necessity of a question at all, if we are pro-
hibited from voting, or answering in the negative?
The right of petition involves two considerations:
1st. The right of the citizen aggrieved to petition:
2d. The power of the government over the subject
of the petition.
1. Then the citizen must be aggrieved, before he
can petition.
The only petitions excluded by this rule are those
upon the subject of slavery. Is a majority of this
House prepared to pronounce slavery a grievance?
Can an institution recognised and secured by the
constitution be a grievance? Are they prepared to
pronounce the constitution (for it is the constitution)
a gne vance? Was it the intention of the constitu-
tion to entail grievances on the people? The same
constitution which guaranties the right of petition
guaranties the existence of slavery Both lights
are equally secured by the same high authority.
Can one portion of the constitution be used to de-
stroy another? Could the framers of the constitu-
tion have been guilty of such an absurdity as to
have given the people a right to petition against the
instrument which they had formed for their welfare
and happiness? Can they be chargeable with the
folly of creating and sanctioning a grievance, when
they have conferred the right of petitioning against
such evils? In short, can anything in the constitu-
tion be considered such a grievance as the people
are allowed to petition against' No, sir: by no
sane and unprejudiced man can the existence ot
slavery be considered a grievance in the contempla-
tion of the constitution.
But again. Whose grievances does the constitu-
tion contemplate should be the subject of petition.
Certainly those of the petitioners—the grievances
of the petitioners themselves, and not those of any
other body or person. Will any gentleman on this
floor attempt to show how slavery at the bouth is a
grievance to the people of the North. How cm
hey ask us to consider as a grievance that which
(hose who are alone concerned neither know nor ac-
knowledge' There are those, doubtless, at the
North, if not in this hall, who look upon slavery in
the abstract as an evil; but is it therefore a griev-
ance? I call upon any constitutional lawyer on this
floor and more especially the strict constructionist,
to say that it is such a grievance as was contem-
plated by the authors of the 1st amendment of the
constitution, .
2. The power of the government over the subject
of the petition.
What is the object which petitioners profess to
have in "view in the presentation of petitions? Whrt
