^eb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOflfi.
221
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Oregon Territory—Mr. Breese.
Senate.
a stumbling block m the way of measures for the
use and occupancy of the country by us, its right-
ful owners, from the time such measures were first
proposed. The senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Choate] has said we did not disclose what was be-
hind this measure; whilst the senator from New
Jersey [Mr. Dayton] seems to understand very
well what is to follow^ he looked to the two "bills on
our table—one for establishing military posts, and for
prospective grants of land, the other the extension
of a territorial government over the country. This
joint occupancy, sir, has been called in aid of argu-
ments against the first bill at previous sessions, and
influenced no doubt the votes of senators against it,
and will be at this session. By adopting the reso-
lution, then, such arguments cannot be effective.
Dismissing, with these remarks; the suggestion of
equivalents, and the'bad policy of expansion of the
confederacy, I will proceed to some other topics, in-
troduced into this debate, and connected with this
motion of reference.
war designs of the friends of oregon.
Thediairman of our Foreign Relations [Mr. Ar-
cher] said, when this resolution was introduced,
that he submitted his motion of reference for the
purpose ©f obstructing all action upon the question
pending an expected negotiation; and, as connected
with that, also said that gentlemen from the western
States were resolved on having the Territory of Ore-
gon, whether the title is incontestable or not; and
that he could not help declaring that it had pressed
itself on his mind, that they had so highly excited
and inflamed their imaginations on this subject, that
if even an arrangement could be made with Great
Britain to surrender peaceable possession of the ter-
ritory to this government, the gentlemen would be
almost unwilling to take it, because'it was not ob-
tained at the expense of a war with England.
Upon what data the senator has arrived at these
conclusions it is impossible for me to discover.
Surelv nothing that had been said or done, before
he submitted his motion and made the remarks I
have quoted, by the friends of this measure, furnish
any evidence of a desire to wage war -with England
at all hazards. For myself, sir, I can safely disclaim
any such intention. I do not desire a war with
England, nor with any other power. The West
has no wish for war, if peace can be maintained on
honorable terms. In the last, she had her full share
of its calamities. The bodies of her sons strewed her
fields, and the cries of widows and orphans were
heard throughout her valleys. "War, for the mere
sake of it, cannot be desired by any one. No Chiis
tian, no philanthropist can desire it; but, as m our
social relations, so in those with foreign powers—
there is a point beyond which forbearance ceases to
be a virtue. When the honor and interests of the
nation are at stake, then it is criminal to forbear,
from a dread of the horrors of war; and weakness to
hesitate, under accumulated wrongs. When the na-
tional sensibility shall be deadened by continued
non-resistance to injury and insult, we will then be-
come an ensy prey to the spoiler, and our greatness
sink into degradation. One encroachment, if unre-
sisted, invites to others, until, finally, the power of re-
sistance will be lost. "We must support our rights
or lose our character, and, with it, perhaps our lib-
erties. A people who fail to do it, can scarcely be
said to hold a place among independent nations. Na-
tional honor is national property ofthehighest kind."
Those who argue that war will spring up from
the abrogation of this convention, seem to me as in-
tending to create a panic—to alarm the commercial
interest, and through that, the country. That inter-
est controls the money power of the country, and if
excited against the deelarod policy of the country,
can control the issue, and embarrass all the opera-
tions of the government. We have had repeated in-
stances of this, by the course of the "war-party in
peace, and the peace-party in war." Panics have
been raised before, sir, but they have generally sub-
sided, without effecting the objects intended. The
good sense and judgment of the people on "a sober
second thought," have always been effectual hither-
to in crushing them, and will be again.
My honorable friend on my right, the distinguish-
ed senator from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] is charged
by the British papers, and by American papers in
the British interest, with being at the head of a con-
spiracy, having no other object than involving this
country in a wrar with England, and that, too, to
promote his own designs; and it is said, the lever by
which he expects to raise it, and to move its differ-
ent elements, is this Oregon question, and the late
treaty defining our northeastern boundary.
What foundation is there, sir, for such a charge?
What passage in his long and eventful public life,
ustifies the accusation5 Does the fact that he has,
at all times, and on all occasions, fearlessly resisted
all encroachments upon our rights, come from what
quarter they may, .justify it? He had, it is true, "ex-
posed the workings of British influence, which his
sagacity enabled him to perceive in advance of all
others; and for this he has been denounced by Brit-
ish editors and essayists: and in regard to this
very question, he had, five and twenty years
ago, soon after the convention of 1818 was
signed, unwasked the designs of Great Britain
on Oregon, and had then declared, "if we got
it, we must fight for it." He has, sir, for a series of
years, been the uncompromising friend of western
interests, and the able, undismayed advocate of west-
ern measures, and without neglecting the general in-
terests of the whole country. As such, sir, he has
rendered inestimable services to the West and North-
west, and exalted their character in the family of
States. For these they are grateful. He has watched
over their interests when they were in the cradle;
and now, when they have reached maturity, they
would not forget their great benefactor. We look
up to him, sir, as our great champion; for m all our
contests {or our rights, he has ever led the advance,
and mingled in the hottest of the fight; and when, m
the late memorable conflict, whose inspiring tones
were heard above all otheis? and, when disaster
came, our pennon down and trailing in the dust, who
so eager to seize it—to display it again, and rally
once more to certain victory, the masses of hi"? coun-
trymen? If sir, for these, his able and patriotic ser-
vices, lie is to be denounced as a conspirator, then,
sir, he may well be proud of the title. And if his
opposition to measures so favored by some, and his
eager pursuit of a policy so hated by others, have
lost him the good opinion of those who have thus
branded him, he can, with great complacency, with
calm and unruffled confidence, proudly turn to his
countrynun and demand their verdict.
In my judgment, sir, no war can grow up out of
a notification on our part to terminate this joint oc-
cupancy; and as for negotiating for "equivalents," I
deem it our true policy to advise our government be-
forehand, that none can be admitted; to anticipate
the negotiation by some solemn public act, as well,
declaratory of our rights, as evincing our unalterable
determination. A proposition having once been
made to cede Oregon for Canada, i have the most
fearful misgivings it may be repeated, unless arrested
by the prompt and decisive action of the Senate.
We have need, sir, to be alarmed, with this fact be-
fore our eyes, at every suggestion of a negotiation
in which an exchange for an "equivalent" like that
is to be the subject of our conference, i would rath-
er refer the measure to the Committee on Finance,
with instructions to submit estimates of the cost of a
war.
objections to thk form of the resolu-
tion considered.
The senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Choate]
has also objected to the form of the resolution, and
urged it should go the committee for amendment in
that particular, if for no other purpose. I cannot
see, sir, much force in the objection that it is not a
joint resolution. In its present form, it would be
the act of the Senate alone, which the President
might, or might not, disregard. 3t was advi-
sory only, and will amount to no more than a
deliberate expression of the opinion of the Senate,
to the executive in whom the power is vested, to
make the communication to the British government.
The executive, receiving it as the opinion of the
Senate, reflecting the public opinion of the country,
would then act according to the best dictates of his
own judgment. He might take the responsibility
shared by the Senate, of acting on its recommenda-
tion, and give the notice; or, if better acquainted
with facts rendering that step improper and inex-
pedient, he might assume the responsibility himself
of Withholding the notice.
Now, sir, as far as we propose now to go, I am
willing to go—to pass this advisory resolution, ex-
pressing the desire of the Senate to annul the third
artieJe of the convention, let the consequences be
what they may, so far as the action of the execu-
tive is concerned. If, subsequent to its adoption,
anything should occur, causing the President to be-
ie ve it inexpedient, he would not give the notice.
He would view it only as persuasive, and be gov-
erned, afterwards, by all the facts and circumstances
within his knowledge and attendant upon the meas-
ure. How, then, could there be any hazard what-
ever, to pass the resolution? It would not weaken
our title to the country, and may be wholly inno-'
cent in its effects, or ineffectual altogether., After
these views of the history of our negotiations, and
of the probable effect of a notice to abrogate the
third article, I now propose to make a brief reply to
some remarks which fell from the honorable sen-
ator from New Jersey, [Mr. Dayton,] when he.
addressed the Senate on Friday last, and in con-
tinuation on yesterday.
other arguments against the reso-
lution considered.
That honorable senator took occasion, in the out-
set of his remarks, to admonish the Senate, that the
seeds sown in this discussion might prove to be the
teeth of the dragon. To carry out the -figure, sir,
the dragon's teeth, when scattered, sprung up into
armed men ready for encounter. I can only say,
sir, that I hope such a crop may spring up from the
seed we are scattering, if, by /oily or bad manage-
ment, or by an obstinate perseverance on the part of
Great Britain, in her unjust pretensions, and arro-
gant demands, the blood of the nation shall be stir-
red to arm in defencc of our rights. It is cheering
to believe sir, that if we are brought to the point of
resistance, armed men will be found m solid column
eager and ready to penl every thing in the cause of
their country: and who can doubt the result?
The honorable senator also seems to insinuate
that our desire to occupy the Territory of Oregon
partook somewhat of a love for dominion, a passion
not commendable, and akin to the sordid passion of
avarice so often to be found occupying the breast of
man; that it was an exciting subject, and the Amer-
ican people were to judge whether the whole move-
ment did not proceed, rather from the migratory
spirit, of our people, than from any great national
considerations. If the honorable senator intended
to intimate that wc wished to extend our dominion
to the Pacific coast, by new acquisition of territory
there, not now our own, and by the prosecution of
war measures, he was much mistaken. Such has
not been the practice of this government, nor is it
in accordance with its theory. This nation has
never given any evidence o,f a desire to acquire new
countries by arms; and the friends and advocates of
this resolution maintain no such policy, and acqui-
esce in no such doctrine. We never had thus ac-
quired any tenitory, nor had we ever been engaged
in war for such an object. When we have resorted
to arms, it has always been in dcfcncc of our rights,
upon our own soil; and, m doing so, to carry it
sometimes into the enemy's country. The charge
of coveting more territory, and to war for it, is not
applicable to us. It is no part of the principles or
policy by which this country has heretofore been
actuated. It had never been the policy of the party
to which I have the honor to belong. We advo-
cate no such war. We propose only, if matters are
biought to a' crisis, to defend our own domain,
our own territory. We had postponed too long
already the final settlement of this matter. We
had been long in negotiation, and the difficulty in-
creased, as the growing interests of Great Britain
there increased. .
The honorable senator alluded to the settlement
of the Northeastern boundary question, by the
treaty of 1842, and the difficulties attending that,
and the near approach we were to a war, for a few
miserable and barren acres—so presenting the case
as if its value had anything to do with ti e stand
wc took in regard to it. That was> a question of
national right, and had been in abeyance for near
sixty years, ever since the definitive treaty of peace
of 1783. It was protracted until accumulated em-
barrassments arose, by the diplomatic skill of Great
Britain, until, finally, she succeeded in obtaining all
she wanted; and that, too, with undoubted evidence
of our incontestable right in her own possession.
Diplomacy and delay gained for her the utmost ex-
tent of her desires. Was not this case a warning
to us not to procrastinate any longer this question
of the Oregon Territory, but to precipitate it whilst
the attention of the nation was called to it, and its
spirit was awakened'
While speaking, sir, of this Northeastern boun-
dary difficulty, I cannot but express my astonish-
ment, when that subject was under negotiation with
a British minister, clothed with plenary powers, ap-
pointed specially to settle all difficulties pending be-
tween the two countries, that this question of On*
