CONGR
' - J - - - -4 i-, i "3
■--ei'M. <
•iNpw*';-• f i| |i
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION,
  —   ———  1    t ■ i.i- , f ., . n - • -j iifi iu „■
.■ ' ' Volume l3....No 0,- *
28th Cong .1st Sess.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1844.
[ Continued from No. 13.]
and Erie canal west of Lafayette. Laid on the
table.
.2. A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
submitting a report in answer to a resolution of the
House of the 18th instant, in relation to locations of
land by the State of Missouri, under the act of Con-
gress of September 4, 1841, to appropriate the pro-
eeeds of the sales of the public lands, and to grant
pre-emption rights; which letter and report were
laid on the table.
TRANSFER OF APPROPRIATIONS.
On motion of Mr. PARMENTER, the House then
resolved itself into a Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, Mr. Campbell of South Carolina
in the chair, and took up for consideration the bill to
authorize the transfer of appropriations in certain
cases.
Mr. HUGHES desired to postpone this subject
and take up the resolution reported from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, relating to Oregon.
The motion did not prevail.
Mr. McKAY said, he hoped the committee would
act upon this bill, as he intended, as soon as it should
be disposed of, to move to take up the appropriation
bill.
Mr. McKAY then proceeded to explain the ob
ject of the bill before the committee. All the de-
partments of the government had similar powers to
that asked to be conferred on the Secretary of the
Navy.
He would admit the appropriations heretofore
made had been improvidently expended. A million
of dollars had been expended, he believed, within
three or four months after the commencement
of the last calendar year. Well, the whole
appropriation was gone, and how stood the de-
partment in regard to liabilities? This transfer
was not for the purpose, as some supposed, of
enabling the department to put workmen at the
navy-yards in employment. No; it would only en-
able that, department to meet its liabilities now rest-
ing on that department, to meet which there were
now no funds whatever. There was an amount of
liabilities of $787,000 incurred beyond the appro-
priations made, some of which might not be called
for until the next or a subsequent year. He had
written to the head of that department, to ascertain
how much of that sum would be wanted for the
fiscal year, and he was informed that, for the de-
partment of construction, repair, &c., $100,000
would be required; and for the department of ord-
nance, &c., $272,000 would be necessary. Thus,
then, #372,000 was required to meet liabilities which
had been incurred beyond the appropriations in
those branches of the public service; and why
should the House hesitate to make the transfer?
The objections to the bill were predicated on the
improvidence of the department. The department
had illegally incurred these liabilities, it was said;
but they had been incurred, and it was the duty of
Congress to provide the means to discharge them;
and, if any appropriations on hand could bo spared
from those branches to which they had been appro-
priated, why should not the transfer be made? This
was no new power that the bill would give to the
executive departments, for it had existed almost
from the foundation of the government.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON was very sorry to hear
hlsfriend from North Carolina [Mr. McKay] taking
such a course. The gentleman from North Caro-
lina was the last man tn this.House that he should
have expeeted would have taken such a course.
And what kind of reason had been assigned for
this transfer? If they gave permission to make the
transfers, would not the gentleman come to Cong-
gress before the end of the session and ask for ap-
propriations for the very branches of the public ser-
vice from which the transfeis would be made? The
ground taken was rather ground for the impeach-
ment of the Secretary; and it ought to be so consid-
ered and treated by the House. Congress had
made certain appropriations, and what had the Sec-
retary done? Why, he not only expended the sum
to wnich he was limited, but had incurred liabili-
ties to a large amount. And why did he not come
to Congress and ask for appropriations to meet those
liabilities? Because Congress would want to know
what, he had done with that million of dollars which
had been appropriated, and how it had been ex-
pended. He (Mr. J.) regarded this application to
transfer appropriations, as an indirect application for
an appropriation of $200,000 more than the million
of dollars to which Congress had limited the expen-
ditures of those branches .of the public service.
"And what was to become of that sum of $200,000?
Before he would vote for such an appropriation, he
would call vipon the Secretary to" show where it
was to go; for should they trust the management
of the expenditure of this sum to a Secretary who
had thus squandered the public money? He was
opposed to such a course; and he would vote noth-
ing beyond the regular appropriations, unless an in-
vestigation into this matter should take place. Such
an investigation should be at once commenced; and
if it were discovered that wrong was 'done, they
should punish the wrong doer:
Mr. J. BRINKERHOFF said it appeared this
application was predicated on the abuses of the de-
partment; but if claims on Congress could be made
to rest on such a foundation, he knew not where
they should find a stopping place. For a series of
years there had been an outcry for a diminution of
expenditures, and Congress had limited the sum to
be expended by the Navy Department; and the
members of the last Congress went home to their
constituents satisfied with what they had done.
And what do they see now? Why, that the sec-
retary went on; and in the short space of two
months expended the whole of the sum to which he
was limited, and incurred liabilities of upwards of
§700,000; and then came here and asked Congress
to cover either the deficiencies of a former Congress,
on the extravagance of the Navy Department. He
(Mr. B.) would consent to no such appropriations.
How were they to limit the expenditures in the re-
cess of Congress? The constitution provided that
there should be no expenditures but by virtue of
appropriations made by law. But that was set
aside, and there would be no check on the expendi-
tures if this system of incurring prospective liabili-
ties were to be allowed to go on. If gentlemen
wished to maintain a wise economy in the public ex-
penditures, he could assure them this was not the
way to do it. It had been well observed by the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] some
days ago, that administrative economy was not their
Business; but economy in the appropriations was
their business, and the department should be made
to understand that, when Congress asserted that
there should be economy, it should be maintained
in administration. If they did not do this, there
would be no limit to the extravagance of the execu-
tive departments. Congress might agree, in ac-
cordance with a report and a bill of the Committee
of Ways and Means, to limit the naval expendi-
tures for the coming fiscal year to five millions and a
half, instead of nearly nine millions, hitherto asked
for; but of what avail would this be, if Congress
was to set the precedent of making appropriations
to fulfil contracts of the department, which had been
n*de without reference to existing appropriations'
Tffis" country was in no immediate and pressing
wantofanovy—none at all. Tiue, they were bul-
lying poor, weak Mcxico, and, according to appear-
ances, were about to back out of a just contest for
our rights with Great Britain; but there was no ne-
cessity for great naval service, and now was the
time to tell the departments that they must and shall
limit their expenditures to the appropiiations. He
should vote against this bill. They had been ac-
cused of a want of friendship for the navy. He
liked the navy, but Kedid not like its faults. The
navy fought its way to public favor, some twenty-
odd years aio; and if it could be shown that the na-
vy had now as fair an escutcheon as it had then, he
would vote liberal appropriations. But he did not
believe that its character was in consonance with
what it was twenty years ago. He believed, and
the public, too, believed, that there was a want of
efficiency and of manly energy in that department of
the government: there was a want oi a proper moral
tone, too, in the navy. The country believed that
there were exerescnccs that wanted loppipg off \ and
he knew of no way in which Congress could effect
it but by starvation. . ' i '
Mr. PARMENTER, replied at greatlenglhin dp-'
fence of the bill; but, from his position in the House,
he was inaudible at the reporter's desk. , • ,
Mr. BLACK asked if it did not strike- his, frierjd
as a circumstance not a little astonishing, that during
a greater part of the administration Of General Xao%"
son, and the whole of the. administration of Mr.
Van Buren, and during the subsequent administra-
tions of this government down to a late p"od, die
very practice which was now under consideration,
and Which was so fiercely objected to,, existed, ard
the power of making transfers from one appropria-
tion to another, was held under their control without
submitting it to this body. Did the gentleman re-
member that during these two administrations, while
he was in Congress, not one word was said about
the exercise of this power by the War Department,
the Department of State, and by the Treasury De-
partment. Even the Navy Department, which was
now so fiercely and systematically attacked, was
then let alone. Even the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, with all his notions of economy and retrench-
ment, said not one word about this power of making
transfers until the present administration came into
power, and then it suited the Whig party to thwart
him, and take away from him tbe power which was
exercised by all the administrations which preceded
him, as was done by the act of the last session.
They all knew where this act came from—it was
from the other side of the House, and was designed'
to thwart the executive. In furtherance-of this ob-
ject, they notjmly attacked the navy, but wished to
strip the department of its legitimate head, and it
was now exhibted to the country without a head.
There was no Secretary of the Navy now, and the
next movement would be to cut the navy down to a
few frigates. Was this just, or was it proper? On
what principle would gentlemen justify it to them-
selves or to the-country, to trust this power in the
hands of General Jackson, Mr. Van Buren, and
General Harrison, and deny it to Mr. Tyler? There
was no justice in it, and he hoped tMlt that view of
the subject alone would induce them to vote for this
bill.
It was nothis purpose to enlogize this"administra-
tion; but he was willing to treat it as he had done all
other administrations, and judge it by its acts; and if
they should be found consistent with the constitu-
tion and the welfare of the country, he should give
it the same support. After commenting on and an-
swering the various objections that had been made
to the bill, Mr. B. went on to show that it was one
of limitations and restrictions, and came strictly
within the principle contended for by gentlemen who
were in favor of specific appropriations; for the
transfer was now to be under the authority of Con-
gress, instead of, as heretofore, under the authority of
the departments. In answer to the objections that
had been made against an increase of the navy, Mr.
B. said, that these gentlemen who were in favor of
organizing the Territory of Oregon should not
oppose the navy; for without an increase" of
that arm of our defence, they must not expect
to accomplish the objects they have in view.
Yet gentlemen who were in favor of 'the org'aniza-
zation of this territory, were the very men who were
for cutting down the navy. He did not know thst
he himself should go for it; but he was confident that
he would not, unless another organization and the
admission of another territory was provided for.
Mr. HUGHES asked leave to explain—as he
presumed the gentleman alluded to hun as one of
those in favor of the organization of the Territory of
Oregon; he would take occasion to say that he was
not an enemy to the navy; but he was opposed to
the corruptions existing in it, of which lie hsd
abundant evidence. He wished it to be distictly un-
derstood that he was not hostile to the navy—that
he wished to see it placed on a useful and effective
footing; but he was determined, if possible, to fer-
ret out tiie abuses and corruptions which impaired
its efficiency.
Mr. BLACK continued. If there were abuses and
corruptions existing in the navy, that was no argu-
ment against this bill, for it went to reform abuses
and make th? transfers contemplated dependent oij
