22A
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1844.
Senate.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Oregon Territory—Mr. Breese.
sembles -a piece in this valley (the Kooskoosky)
which, has produced 1,400 bushels of potatoes to the
acre."
"There are said to be several other valleys be-
tween this and the mountains, containing more or
less arable land." "About 40 miles southeast of
this, is, another rich valley, of some 35 miles in
length, interspersed with large plats of white clover,
through which a beautiful lake pours its cold waters
in a rapid river, which unites' with the Grand
Round, and forms the-Wailua, a branch of the
Snake river. '
' "Dr. Whitman writes me from Fort Hall, saying
that, in his journey to that place, he travelled some
50 miles up the Boisi river, and thinks there is
more good land on it than on any other stream with
which he is acquainted in this upper country.
There is an extensive red clover plain, commencing
about five miles north of this station, which I think
would produce; but there is no timber, and but very
little water. Doubtless many other arable valleys
will show themselves, as the country becomes more
thoroughly explored."
The honorable senator also spoke of the difficul-
ties of approach to the country, and represented the
distance as mo.^t appalling; 18,000 miles by water
from the Atlantic seaboard, and 5,000 by land, over
deserts, rocky ridges, and snow-clad mountains.
I will read, sir, the latest account I have seen, of
a journey there by one of the emigrants of the past
year. It is from Dr. J. E. Long, of Henry county,
Iowa Territory. Here it is:
facilities OV
approach
try.
to the cotjn-
"The country through which we hare travelled
for the last three weeks, is that part of the route
known as the Sandy Desert; but it does not answer
the description I have heretofore had of it; for so
far from suffering from the want of water and feed
for our stock, we have found a bountiful supply of
both during the whole distance; and at no time
have we been more than twelve hours out of the
reach of sufficient water for all our purposes. The
weather, during the middle of the day, has been gen-
erally warm, especially while travelling over the
sand and sage, which abound here; but the morn-
ings, nights, and evenings, are cool and pleasant.
We have been considerably annoyed by musqui-
toes when travelling up the waters of the Platte
river; but arc now out of their reach, and shall, in a
few days, cross the mountains; after which, water
from the snow-capped peaks will flow down across
our path in clear and refreshing streams. In short,
we will be in Oregon Territory in a few days; and,
although we will then have seven or eight hundred
miles to travel before we reach the Wallamette val-
ley, we feel greatly encouraged in the belief that we
will arrive there safe and in good season. We have
not met with the least difficulty or interruptions
from tliei Indians; and, as soon as we arrive in the
Oregon Territory, we will be out of the reach of all
the hostile tribes. I assure you, we have prosecu-
ted our journey with far less difficulty than I ex-
pected; and, witli the exception of two deaths—one.
a boy, killed by a wagon passing over his body, and
the other death from inflammation of the bowels—
have had but little to discouroge us.
"I hope there will be a goodly number of my
friends from Lowell and its vicinity who will pre-
pare for an early start next spring, to meet us in
Oregon. I csn assure them they will not find as
much difficulty as their fears will probably sues'at.
Of course, I cannot speak any further than mv own
experience enables me; but lam told by those who
have several times travelled the whole distance, that
we are now thiough the woist of the journey. I
mentioned in my former letter that it is indispensa-
ble, that those who travel m wagons should see
that they are made of light, strong and good mate-
rials; that their oxen should be young, middled
sized, accustomed to work, not over fat, short leg-
ged, and round bodied. Such cattle will endure the
fatigue the better. Let them bring no loading but
provisions and clothing; and be sure not to encum-
ber themselves with more bedding than is barely
sufficient for the route. Let them not bring heavy
cooking articles. It would be well to bring cows;
but I would advise that they should be such as are
able to work in the team; we have a number of
cows that work in this company. Let the men
procure leather clothing if they can, before they
start. It would be much better for those who start
from Iowa, to forward their loading and families (if
they have any) to Independence or Westportby
water. Prom Lowell to Westport we found the
most difficult part of our journey."
As to the distance sir, that by land is not much
more than half as great as represented, and is easily
travelled in wagons, the ascent over the Rocky
mountains not being greater, according to Lieut.
Fremont's account, than that by which we daily
reach the capital where we now are.
Shorter routes will be discovered, and the power
of steam will soon annihilate the "appalling" space.
As for the desert to be passed, Dr. Long speaks of
it as anything but terrible; and Mr'. Farnham, who
is no eulogist of that region, describes a portion of it
aS a delightful land—a land of grass and flowers,
diversified with little patches of wood, with some
cultivated fields around the posts established by the
trading companies on the banks of the streams which
flow through it, and small hamlets already sending
their smokes to heaven, resting places of the trav-
ellers of the wilderness,—and even now enjoying
many of the comforts of civilized life. Even in the
western portion of it, he says, there are fruitful
ridges and scattered fertile sports. There is noth-
ing in all this, sir, to dampen the ardour of our peo-
ple, or to repress the eagerness, which thousands
now manifest, to traverse this vast ocean of verdure;
to gaze upon the snow capt mountains as they spread
out from their broad extended bases, and look down
from their lofty heights, to bathe in the Pacific sea,
and from the pure waters sparkling there, "drink a
health to the setting sun." The very hazards of the
adventure arc captivating and impart a charm to
the enterprise.
Perhaps, sir, the truth as to the soil and its capa-
bilities, lays between the extremes we have exhib-
ited, as the senator was willing to admit; if so, sir,
then it is certainly a good average country, and well
adapted to supply, with little labor, all the wants of
man. There are two qualities, however, which jus-
tified the value placed upon it; one was that it was
a fine grazing country, with a climate so mild, as to
render any care of cattle unnecessary throughout
the winter months; and the ease with which subsis-
tence could be procured, rendering much labor, "the
primeval curse" on man, unnecessary, and the,
other is, its importance in a commercial point of
view.
The mouth of the Columbia, the honorable sena-
tor admits, is a very important position, in peace,
and in war; and he hoped that would be guarded as
"the apple of our eye." I would suggest, sir, if it is
guarded, it must be by a competent force; and how,
in view of the immense naval power of Great Brit-
ain, which the senator has brought to our view, is
this to be done' We cannot guard that most im-
portant point without giving offence to England;
and would the senator have us do that, and thus
have her immense power brought down upon us?
And when, sir, will she permit us to build up a city
there?
Possessing, sir, as this country most certainly
does, and that iji the greatest abundance, all the
elements of human happiness, if the representatives
of the West were selfish in their motives, and limit-
ed in their views, they would not advocate any
measure, the tendency of which would be, as this
will be to drain off their enterprising population, and
the hardy sons of their prairies and forests. They
could not desire, on selfish principles, the emigra-
tion of such, but would prefer rather to keep them
at home, where wealth must certainly follow their
toil, and all the coniforU of life cluster about their
humble dwellings. But they have more liberal and
moie expanded view a. They see the vast and con-
stantly increasing importance, as our commerce,
arts, and m.imithrlures increase in a degree unex-
ampled in the history of any other nation or peonle,
of the Oregon Tenitory to the whole Union. The
unparallelled strides of the giant West, whose in-
habitants, fifty years ago, were too inconsiderable
for enumeration, now numbering millions, whose
solitary lakes and streams were but the.pathway for
the light canoe, their banks dotted now with cities,
villages, and farms, their surfaces reflecting com-
merce, arts, and all the embellishments of a highly
civilized life, afford the most unequivocal proofs of
the enterprise, industry, and skill of our people, and
unerring indications of what will be accomplished in
the distant Oregon before this generation is extinct,
if their efforts at settlement are protected by the
guardian care of this government. If they are, sir,
the dreams of to-day will be realized by the mor-
row.
"counteracting causes to our set-
tlement of oregon.
The honorable senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Choate] said he could not discover any "counter-
acting causes" existing, or to be produced by Great
Britain's policy, which could prevent the settlement
of that territory by us in twenty years; that the in-
flux of our agriculturists would naturally drive off'
to the frozen desert of the north and northeast the
"hunting corporation" who now reigned unmolested
there; that they had no design of permanent settle-
ment for agricultural purposes, and would present
no obstacle to us, who had. Here, are his words,
sir:
"Their policy was not agricultural. It was hunt-
ing. They were simply a hunting and trading com-
pany. They never had made, or would make, a
dollar in any other way. Their charter was not
given to them for anything else. Beyond the Rocky
mountains they do not own a single foot. He cared
not what might be said by Dr. McLaughlin. The
fact was so. On this side of the mountains they
Eossessed the imperial desert as a hunting-ground;
ut beyond the mountains they had only leave to
trade. They could not hold an acre of ground for
agriculture." "And not only so, the two pursuits
were physically incompatible. The hunter and the.
farmer1 coqld not live side by side. What did they
want with rich meadows, and the cattle on a thou-
sand hills?
"Some twelve months ago some remarks had
been made on this subject, which were prompted
by the belief—a very simple one—that this hunting
corporation was really becoming fixed in their hab-
its, and were turning farmers; and that hence they
would present a constant counteraction against us.
But it was no such thing. There was not a word
of truth in it."
Surely, sir, the honorable senator could not have
read, or, if read,-had forgotten the statements on this
head, made by Lieutenant Wilkes in his report,
from which I have already quoted. It will be seen
by that, that we are anticipated even in agricultural
operations there by this "hunting . corporation,"
though under another style; and that "a counteract-
ing cause" already exists to a very great extent.
Here, sir, is Lieutenant Wilkes's statement:
"At Vancouver, the village is separated from the
fort and nearer the river. In addition to its being
the depot of the Hudson Bay company, there is
now attached to it the largest farm of the Puget-sound
company; the stockholders of which are generally
the officers and servants of the Hudson Bay compa-
ny. They have now farms in successful operation
at Vancouver, Cowlitz, Nisqually, Colville, Fort
Langley, and the Fualatine plains, about ten miles
from Vancouver, all of which are well stocked and
supply the Russian post at Sitka, under contract,
with a variety of articles raised on them. They
have introduced large herds and flocks in the terri-
tory from California, and during our stay there,
several thousand head were imported."
All these farms are south of 49°; and if their ex-
tent, and the capital invested in them, do not fur-
nish "a counteracting cause" to our efforts at settle-
ment, I shall be happily mistaken.
Here is an cxtract from a letter written by a per-
son attached to the Methodist mission in Oregon,
and stationed at the Falls of Wallamette, going to
show still further the existence of the "counteract-
ing cause."
"There will probably be fifty (or more) thousand
bushels of produce ill the country this year, (1843.)
Last year the Hudson Ray company slopped prob-
ably 20,000 bushels for the Russian dominions,
and other places, at sixty cents per bushel."
"I know of no country where there are so many
cattle and horses for the population as m Oregon."
And as to the soil, and its great capability for pro-
duction, he says:
"The soil is generally good; some dark loam,
mixed with clay; some sandy, graielly, red soil;
all producing very well, so far as tliey have been'
tried. Wheat is sowed*here from year to year.
One man, it is said, has raised seven or eight crops
of wheat in succession from the same giound; and
the last is said to have been the best, and all were
good. It is frequently the case, that, when wheat
shells considerably in harvesting, what is left
on the ground, and the next season a good crop is
realized. I know of no country where a man can
make a farm easier than in Oregon, or where lie can
live easier."
