212
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
=S££
*ons of the District of Columbia, now in the Balti-
more'asytan). -
Mr. MILLER, in explaining the circumstances
which called for the amendment, said that, in the
year 1842, an actpassed Congress appropriating the
sum of $10,000 for the purpose of converting the
old jail of the city, then lying useless, into an asy-
lum for the insane of the District. That act was
carried into effect, and the building was now ready
for the reception of patients. To provide for this
afflicted class, the practice had been for years to ap-
propriate annually a sum of §3,000, which was
paid over to the insane asylum at Baltimore, where
all insane persons or lunatics of the District of Co-
lumbia were received, provided for, and attended to,
under direction or order of the President; but
last ye* such appropriation was not made, from
the fact of its introduction to the House of Repre-
sentatives being at almost the last hour of the ses-
sion; and, consequently, leaving no time for its pas-
sage through this branch.
The building was now ready; and, to account for
the sum called for, he would, from an estimate made
by one of the most respectable physicians of the
city, on which the committee placed much reliance,
mention the following items: To-three inspectors
$250 each—$750; secretary at $ — per day for fifty-
two days $ —; steward, |500; resident physician,
$500 per year. This estimate also provided for
servants and attendants, for board of patients, fuel
and lights, for the furnishing of forty-one donato-
ries and eight large rooms, and amounted in the
whole to the sum of $10,968 00. This amount the
committee reduced to $10,000; satisfied that it
would be sufficient for the first year. Hereafter,
the committee thought that a sum of $5,000 would be
required for the annual support of that institution.
Mr. SEMPLE inquired if any account had been
furnished of the manner in which the former grant
of $10,000 had been disposed of.
Mr. MILLER said he had examined the accounts
in the commissioner's office, and found that the sum
appropriated had been expended according to the
intentions of Congress, with the exception of $14 64,
which still remained on hand.
Mr. TAPPAN expressed the hope that expend-
itures for the support of the insane in the District
of Columbia would cease some time or other. Sev-
eral appropriations had been made for that object,
and when it was done, it was the understanding that
the last amount appropriated was all that would be
required. The evil had increased, instead of being
diminished, by continued appropriations. It was
his opinion that the people of this District were com-
petent to support their own poor and insane. Other
communities supported theirs, without the aid of
the general government; and he knew no reason
why the government should support the paupers of
this District, any more than of any town or county
in any State in the Union. He therefore demanded
the yeas and nays on the engrossment of the bill.
Mr. MERRICIC did not wish to argue this ques-
tion. The senator from Ohio [Mr. Tafpan] was
right in saying that privisions heretofore had been
made for the purpose of supporting the insane of
this District. An appeal had been made to Congress
to provide means for the support of this destitute and
suffering class of individuals. They were sent to
the asylum at Baltimore, and there supported at the
expense of Congress, for $300 a head, annually. The
inconvenience, both to the individuals suffering and
to the State itself, of not having them provided for
here, was obvious to the framers of the bill. At the
last session of Congress, a law was passed for the
conversion of the old jail, in this city, into an insane
asylum for the District, and Congress was to take
upon itself the charge of supporting the insane of this
District. The bill now before the Senate, proposed
to carry out this plan. The jail was already con-
verted into an asylum. All that remained to be done
was to furnish and lit it up m aproper maimer. There
was nothing more in it than that. It proposed, in-
stead of continuing to send the insane of the District
to hospitals in foreign or different Sutes, having
them provided for here. Congress was called upon
to provide the necessary furniture for the institution.
This institution would greatly reduce the annual ex-
pense of taking care of the insane and destitute, and
be much more convenient than sending them to
neighboring States. There was not to be any ex-
penditure of money except what would be actually
necessary for food, clothing, lights,&c., and the very
moderate salary of the officers. He could not see
what plausible obj«etion there was to this in the re-
marks of the Senator from Ohio. Why should the
paupers and the insane of the District be supported
by the inhabitants of the District' Hospitals were
supported in the States by the State Governments,
and Congress was the only source from which
the District could expect assistance. It made
laws, and conducted the affairs of the District; and
bore the same relation towards it that the State
governments bore towards the States. A great
number of the destitute here came from distant parts
of the country, for the purpose of presenting to Con-
gress just claims against the government. They
were necessarily compelled to stop here, because of
its being the seat of the general government. The
institution was not designed to be a permanent home
for paupers of this description; but humanity and
justice required that they should at least be taken
care of, until they could obtain the means of return-
ing to the States which are bound to provide for
them.
Mr. SEMPLE said he was favorable to the gen-
eral object of this bill; but he was not satisfied with
some of its provisions, especially that concerning
domiciled paupers. He was also in favor of hsivinga
more accurate account given in relation to the former
appropriation; and thought the best policy would be
to postpone the further consideration of the bill till
Monday next. He submitted a motion to that ef-
fect.
Mr. MILLER had no objection to the bill being
postponed until Monday next. The clause referred
to by the senator from Illinois was not intended to
exclude from the benefits of the asylum, any one
afflicted, or who might become afflicted in the District,
no matter whether residents or not. But it was in-
tended by it to prevent the residents of other States,
who might, from sudden attacks of lunacy or other
causes, obtain admission, from remaining a burden
on the establishment, after their residence had been
ascertained, and the particular State discovered that
was bound to provide for them. He believed the
senator from Ohio to be mistaken in asserting that
the former appropriations were granted under the
impression that no further sums for the purpose
would be required. Those grants, with the excep-
tion of the one of $10,000, being- annual, showed on
their face a proof that further sums for the purpose
would be required from time to time. He had al-
ready explained the cause of last year's appropria-
tion not being made; but that did not do away with
the necessity of its being now made. The afflicted
of the District had been supported last year without
the payment of a cent; but it had been done on the
faith of the government. There was now due for
their support, to the Baltimore asylum, $3,000,
which government was bound to pay; it was a debt
incurred in fulfilling a contract entered into with
the full sanction of Congress; and as such its pay-
ment could not be denied.
Congress was the legislature of the District, and
the District looked to it the same as the several
States looked to their legislatures for the support of
such establishments as that provided for by this bill;
and if the different State legislatures thought it their
duty to establish such institutions, Congress could
not be wrong in doing the same. •
Mr. MERRICK would object to the postpone-
ment, except the senator from Illinois would de-
clare that he sought the delay only to examine the
provisions of the bill, and not for the purpose of
throwing any obstacle in the way of its final pass-
ing. In the latter case, he would resist the post-
ponement.
Mr. SEMPLE remarked that he distinctly stated,
in moving the postponement, that he was favorable
to the bill, and that his object was to obtain time to
examine its provisions. He thought if the senator
from Maryland insisted on the bill proceeding at
that moment, it probably would not pass.
The bill was then postponed till Monday next.
Mr. BERRIEN moved that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of executive business.
Mr. EVANS said he had come there this morn-
ing with the expectation of proceeding in his re-
marks on the subject of the tariff; but, with the
hope that the opportunity would be afforded him
to-morrow morning of proceeding in the discussion,
he would interpose no objection to the motion to
go into executive session.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration of
executive business; and, after some time spent
therein,
Adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 31,1844.
The journal of yesterday was read and approved.
THE RULES OF THE HOUSE.
The SPEAKER announced the order of the
morning hour to be the report of the Committee on
Rules, on which the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
A. Johnson] had the floor. _
Mr. JOHNSON proceeded to address the House
on the pending question. He said, if he understood
the question before the House, it was the motion to
recommit the report of the Committee on Rules,
with instructions to report the 21st rule, (now the
25th,) which the committee had erased from the
rules for the government of this House; and m pre-
senting the few crude and desultory remarks which
he had to offer on this subject, he did not wish to
turn Utopian. In debating a question which he con-
sidered one of the first magnitude, he felt no disposi-
tion to become a mere idle talker; and, as time was
precious, under the operation of the one-hour rule,
he should at once march right up to some one or
two points on this subject which he deemed the
most important. It was true, there had been some
positions discussed here that were not-legitimately
before the House for its consideration, but which
had grown incidentally out of other questions; and
if he should be a little irrelevant in meeting and in
attempting to answer some arguments made on
those points, he trusted it would not be considered
irrelevancy m him.
It had been gravely contended, before the House
and before the country, that the Congress of the
United States had power to abolish slavery in the
District of Columbia; and on this point, although
his opinion might be unimportant, and his argument
might be as weak as his opinion was valueless, he
begged leave to differ from some able men who had
occupied the floor before him. They were told, he
repeated, that the Congress of the United States had
power to abolish slavery in the District of Colum-
bia. But whence did Congress derive this power?
All the power that the Congress of the United States
can exercise over the District of Columbia, was de-
rived from the States of Virginia and Maryland;
and the question which first presented itself to the
mind was this: had the States of Virginia and
Maryland, when they exercised jurisdiction over
the District of Columbia, power to abolish slavery
in this territory, now called the District of Colum-
bia? He thought, when they examined this ques-
tion with deliberate minds, they could not resist the
conclusion that the legislatures of Maryland and of
Virginia could exercise no such power; and if the
legislatures of Maryland and Virginia could exer-
cise no such power, how could they delegate
the greater power to a creature which was
brought into existence by those sovereign States?
How, he asked, could they delegate a great-
er power to a creature of those States, than
those States themselves possessed? "When they
turned to the bill of rights of the States of Vir-
ginia and Maryland, they found that to the citizens
of those States was secured the right of property.
They found that private property could not be taken
and appropriated to the public use without just com-
pensation made therefor, much less to take private
property, and appropriate it to no use at all. But
he should not dwell on this point, for it was conclu-
sive. There was no citizen of either Virginia or
Maryland that would pretend that the Legislatures
of those States, anterior to the cession, had power to
abolish slavery within their chartered limits. But
suppose there were no guaranties—admit, for the
sake of argument, that they had such power: there
was other ground to rely upon of equal magnitude
to his mind. What was it? The constitution of
the United States secured and guarantied to every
individual in this confederacy the right to private
property, and it said that private property should
not be taken by the general government for the pub-
lic use, without just compensation. This ground
then, aside from the want of power in the State
legislatures to delegate such power to the general
government, was sufficient, and might be securely
relied on, in his humble opinion. But, to make
himself understood on this point, he proposed to
state a case; and he desired to be understood, and
he desired the position which he occupied on this
subject to be understood. For instance, then: there
were two citizens residing in what is called the Dis-
trict of Columbia, previous to the acts of cession of
the States of Maryland and Virginia. One of those
j individuals had a negro, which is made, by the con-
