7 v ,v; j -
. T«z
, - 1 :?■ •- ; ";V
a
stitution of the country, one of the forms of prop-
erty—a negro slave worth $500; this individual
Bells that slave to the other citatizen for that sum of
$500; the contract is made, and is to be completed
some time thereafter. But, before the completion
of the contract, Virginia and Maryland make the
acts of cession, ceding this District to the general
government. Now, in what position did they
stand? Previous to the act of cession, neither of
the States could pass a law impairing the obligation
of contracts; and, if this bona fide contract was en-
tered into previous to the act of cession, he asked
every member on that floor, if those States could not
pass a law impairing the obligation of contracts, if
the general government, deriving its power from
the States over this District, after it had passed un-
der its jurisdiction, could pass any act impairing the
obligation of such a contract? Was there any one
on that floor that would maintain such a doctrine?
He was willing to admit that the legislatures of
those States could legislate, not to impair the obli-
gation of contracts, but to make contracts more per-
fect; and thus far Congress could go after this Dis-
trict passed under its jurisdiction. Congress could
pass a law to cure defect in legislation, but no law
impairing the obligation of contracts; and on this
position he defied opposition.
He, however, must necessarily be brief, as his
time was short; and he should, therefore, not dwell
longer on that point. He had neither the time nor
the disposition to discuss the questions involved, in
detail. He merely, desired to be understood on
some principal points. He had no wish to discuss
what was called the evil of slavery, or the origin of
slavery. He had no intention to go back to the
year 1442, and take up the introduction of slavery;
nor to the year 1620, when it was introduced into
the State of Virginia; nor to trace its progress from
that time to the present. It was sufficient for him to
know, on the present occasion, that slavery had ex-
isted for 6,000 years. They read that some of the
servants of the Lord had slaves; and, when Joshua
went to take possession of the land of Canaan, he
had divine authority to make the inhabitants thereof
"hewers of wood and drawers of water." In short,
slavery had existed ever since man formed a com-
munity; and lie defied any, even the most intelligent,
to put his finger on any spot in the habitable globe
where slavery had not existed at some period in the
stream of time. The attempt, however, had been
to make a false issue before the country on the sa-
cred right of petition. They were asked, "what,
will you debar the freemen of this country of the
Eoor privilege of cominghere as petitioners?" Now,
e wished the House to understand this point. He
did not assume the attitude of petitioners and of
humble suppliants for his constituents, asking for
mercy at the foot of power. No; they were free-
men, and they had the right to speak to the Congress
of the United States authoritatively, and not in the
humble attitude of petitioners; they had the right to
speak by the ballot-box, and the mojority had the
right to command. His constituents need not ap-
proach—him, their representative, their servant—in
the humble attitude of petitioners; but as his masters,
and to command him to do what they desired to be
done. What did they mean by the right of petition?
Why, it was said, it was a great inherent right.
Now, he understood that the order of things had
been reversed in this government. He knew the
time had been when the people were only tolerated
in the exercise of certain privileges, all power being
in the Grown. But he repeated, the order of things
had been reversed, and now all power was in the
people; now the people were the sovereigns in this
country: and would they place the sovereigns in the
strange and extraordinary position of petitioners to
their servants? The people as the sovereigns had
the right to demand authoritatively through the ballot-
boxes, or to instruct the members on that floor what
they should do. But it was said that the adoption
of the 21st rule was an infringement of, and an en
croachment on, the great right of petition. One ol
the gentlemen who had taken part in this discussion,
[Mr. Wright of Indiana,] had said that it was a
rejection of the petitions of their constituents at the
door; and he made the inquiry—and it was one of
some consideration—how the House was to know,
legislatively, what the petitioners asked for; and how
they were to know, in their legislative capacity,
whether they could or could not grant the prayer of
the petition, if it were rejected before it was re-
ceived. But was that the state of things? Was that
all • that was x required? Whenever a member
on that floor rose to present a petition, what
was required of him? That he. should state
the substance of the petition to the House.
Were- they not informed, then, in their legis-
lative capacity? He thought they were. But,
said another gentleman, [Mr. Winthrop,]—and he
brought a philosophic figure from Mr. Burke to
to show the error they had' got in—it was true they
knew the difference between fair midday and deep
'midnight, but they could not tell the precise point
where the day terminated and the night commenced;
and so it was with the right of petition and of legisla-
tion. Now he (Mr. J.) wanted to make an appli-
cation of this, if he could. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. WiNTHRor] said that Mr. Hat-
sell had laid down the true doctrine: and what was
it? That all petitions were te be received and heard
and considered, with two exceptions—the one when
the petition was not presented decently, and the
other when the language in which it was couched
was not respectful to the House. Now he (Mr. J.)
found little difference between these two grounds of
exception: but where, he would ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Winthrop,] was the
precise point at which decency terminated and in-
decency commenced? Where was the point at
which respect stopped and disrespect began? Would
that gentleman inform the House how he discovered
the difference? According to that gentleman's no-
tion, he could meet his constituents at the door, and
say that their language was not so respectful as he
had a right to expect, and therefore he had the pow-
er, under the constitution, to turn them out of doors;
but would the gentleman say where disrespect,
which gave him the power to reject the petition, be-
gan? Some gentlemen had great tact, when they
could not march up to a point and meet it by irresist-
ible argument, in getting up a fog, and leaving
the whole thing in doubt and uncertainty. But he
(Mr. J.) thought the point where the right of peti-
tion stopped and legislation began, was just as clear
as the difference between midday and midnight.
The petitioners could excuse all the functions con-
ferred on them by the constitution, and then they
came to the door of the representative hall, and
there, through their representative, the petition was
brought up. The representative got up, and, in ac-
cordance with the rule of the House, stated its sub-
stance, and offered it for the consideration of the
representative body; and from that moment the right
of petition ceased; and at that very same instant
the right of legislation began. That was the stop-
ping point; there was a distinction between the
right of petition and of legislation, and they were not
like two liquids running into each other, so as to
defy the defining of distinction. The petitioners
had the right to exercise all the powers conferred
on them by the constitution; but had the representa-
tive body no powers? It was a thinking, intelligent
body, and must excrcise some discrimination. Had
that body not the power to say to the petitioners at
the door, as well as after they got a little further in,
what disposition should be made of their petitions?
The petitioners were met by the 21st rule, as it was
commonly called. When a member rose and stated
the substance of a petition, he was met by that rule
as the recorded consideration of the House on that
subject, and hearing on the case. The subject
had been considered, and the petitioners were thus
told that they were asking for a thing to be done
which the House had considered, and that that rule
stood as the recorded judnment of the House there-
on. Were the petitioners turned out of the House,
then, without consideration? He thought not.
But what had been the course of the Senate on
this subject? The honorable gentleman here quoted
the rule of the Senate requiring a motion to be
made for the reception of such petitions; which mo-
tion, for a series of years, the Senate had laid on
the table, thus recognising the principle that these
petitions could be rejected.
Again: some gentlemen had said we have the right
to petition for the abolition of slavery in the District
of Columbia. Let us, (said Mi. J.) examine this
subject for a few moments. Congress, say those
gentlemen, has the exclusive right of legislation
within the District. Well, admit this: yet, let me
tell them, that when Congress is acting upon the busi-
ness of the District, it is, to all intents and purposes—
what? The legislature of the District; and while act-
ing as such legislature, and passing laws in relation
to the affairs of the District, the people of the Dis-
trict stand in the same relation to Congress as the
people of any State do to the legislature of that State;
and e conversot Congress stands in relation to the
District, precisely as the legislature of a State to the
people of that State. And while Congress is so
mg as the legislature of this District, no individual •
living out of the District has any more right to peti-
tion Congress for the abolition of slavery within the.
District, than s the people of one .State have to
petition the legislature of another State for the
abolition of slavery within such State. . But
a position that was taken yesterday, with which
I was very much pleased, was this: Oh! say the
gentlemen, we should reject these petitions because
they are not couched in respectful , language. In
reply to this, it was truly and. forcibly remarked
yesterday by the gentleman from Georgia: Oh! yes,
when petitions come here that are disrespectful to
our noble selves, we are to kick them oat of the
House; but when petitions are presented, speaking- -
disrespectfully of our masters, those from whom
we derive the little power we. possess, we ^re-
bound to give them a respectful consideration!
When petitions come here asking us to do
that which would drench this land with blood,
we must receive and "consider them, because, for-
sooth, they are not disrespectful to ourselves. There.
is agitation, say the the gentlemen; and the continu-
ance of this rule has produced it. Abrogate this
rule, and all will be calm and quiet. But we were -
told by the distinguished gentleman from Massa-
chusetts that a mere repeal of the rule would not do;
it would not satisfy the abolitionists; nor have we
any reason to believe that it would. Do we not see
the strife that is carried on to see who shall have the
honor of achieving this important step in procuring
the repeal of the rule? Strike out that rule, and you
will hear the shouts of victory resounding from one.
end of the Union to the other. Strike that rule
from existence, and they will then be able to make
another advance.
The gentleman from Massachusetts, in his speech,
laid down the rule that we ought to consider every pe-
tition in proportion to its importance. Let us examine
this a little. Suppose a petition comes here proposing
to destroy the basis of representation in the eleven
slave-holding States, with a view of excluding from
this House a portion of its members: how much con-
sideration would such a petition deserve? There was
a petition offered yesterday from a man who wanted
to be divorced from his wife, and to be remunerated
for loss of time while he had been married, &c.
There was a petition the other day from an individ-
ual who wanted permission to go to Canada. ^ How
much consideration would the gentleman be disposed
to give to these petitions? I want the rule laid down,
how much consideration we shall give to each; how
much our sympathies shall be excited in each case.
I merely wish to show the fallacy of the gentleman's
position. But sometimes the consistency of these
great champions of the rights of petition and of the
rights of the people should be examined. Which is
the most important to freemen, the privilege of
coming to the ballot-box and of exercising that
right, so peculiarly the right of freemen, giving their
suffrages according to their inclination, or the priv-
ilege of petitioning? Would you believe it, Mr.
Speaker, one or two of these great champions of the -
right of petition have recorded their votes against—
what' Against allowing to free white men the poor
privilege of voting. Upon the passage of a bill for
the incorporation of the town of Alexandria, we
find—and it seems to me somewhat strange that it
should be so—we find these champions of the peo-
ple's rights standing up and voting against a propo-
sition to permit white men to vote. We find the
distinguished gentleman from Massachusetts refu-
sing to allow free white men the privilege of voting;
ana, on travelling a little further upon the record, I
find the name of Mr. Charles Hudson in oppo-
sition to giving the right of voting to white
freemen—a gentleman who has expressed so much
sympathy for the great right of petition, as he calls
it. But when a freeman conies forward and asks
the poor privilege of voting at the ballot-box, the
gentleman folds his arms, and treats him with con-
tempt. Yet these are the champions of freedom—
champions of the right of petition—champions of
the people's rights. A little further on, I.find a
motion, made by the venerable gentleman from
Massachusetts, that the bill be recommitted, with
instructions to the committee to strike out the word
"white;" so that, if the bill passed with the amend-
ment, it would enable every woolly-headed, bandy-
shanked, fiat-footed negro to vote. Such is the
course taken by the great advocates of the right of
petition, when called on to record their votes in fa-
vor of allowing a privilege to free white men: such
is their consistency.
