Jan. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
Fine on General Jackson—Mr. Schenck.
H. of Reps.
the floor, before the last adjournment of the House,
it was with a desire, which vou remember I ex-
pressed, to proceed at once ana address to the com-
mittee such remarks as were then freshly suggested
to my mind by the tone and character which this
debate so far had assumed. There were some things
that struck me as I listened to them—some novel,
and, 1 must be permitted to say, dangerous doctrines
and propositions, in the speeches ofgentlemen who
have spoken on the other side of the hall, which it
seemed to me not difficult to answer and refute; and
X felt confidence enough to seek the opportunity of
encounter with such doctrines and propositions,
even as the first occasion of my ever venturing to
participate in discussion here. I feel now that I
might better, perhaps, have left the undertaking to
some one who would have had the advantage of
more experience; for, having yielded at that time to
the interruption of delay, which seemed to be most
agreeable to a majority of the members around me,
and the excitement of the hour being gone by, I am
afraid that 1 may find it difficult to regather the
thoughts that suggested themselves as gentlemen
were proceeding in their earnest and almost passion-
ate appeals in favor of the passage of,this bill. At
any rate, I will only ask the attention of the com-
mittee while I confine myself to reply. I do not
mean to argue the merits of the bill, or the objec-
tions to it, at large. That hay already been ably
and sufficiently done—better far than I* could hope
to do it—by the honorable gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Barmard.J
I may be allowed, however, to premise the pres-
ent state of the question. It is on the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Ste-
phens;] and I am glad that he, has proposed such a
te t. It will compel every member to "define his
position1' in this matter.
Tt has been charged by the opponents of this bill
that the great object to be accomplished by it—in
fact, its leading purpose—is not so much to do jus-
tice to General Jackson as to cast reproach on the
memory of Judge Hall, who imposed the fine that
is to be refunded. And gentlemen who advocate
the measure seem not to be entirely agreed among
themselves whether such is its design or not. Some
avow that it is offered m that view; others, claim-
ing to be equally its friends, deny every such un-
worthy motive as actuating them in its support.
But I say the amendment of the gentleman frem
Georgia is a test, in the application of which there
can be no mistake. The bill simply provides for
refunding the fine, with interest. This amendment
proposes that nothing in the act shall be construed
to imply censure on the judge. How plain the
question, then! The bill is either intended to stig-
matize the memory of the judge, or it is not. If it
is, then gentlemen, to be consistent, must reject the
amendment; for that, by robbing their action of its
fower to wound, would defeat their very object,
fit is not, then gentlemen cannot consistently re-
fuse to vote in favor of the amendment; for it does
nothing more than clearly declare what they them-
selves approve. There is no middle ground between
these propositions for any one to stand upon. All
we ask of you is to say, m so many words, that
you do not mean to assail and defame the memory
of the dead. If you will not unite with us in de-
claring that, it must be because you do mean, and
are resolved, as far as your solemn act of legislation
can accomplish it, to brand disgrace upon the repu-
tation of one whom his Maker has otherwise, per-
haps fortunately for him, removed beyond your
reach. There can be no other interpretation put
upon your opposition fo this amendment. It pio-
poses to abate nothing from the justice to be done
to General Jackson. ' All the giateful r.nd kindly-
purposes designed in his behalf will remain. It does
not surely nerd that, to honor him, another must be
trampled upon. His friends will not assume—nay,
no one upon this floor will do him the discredit to
say, that his character can have no lustre except as
it is relieved, and mode to stand out upon the fore-
ground, m contrast with the fame of another, to be
blackened and stained for his advantage. When,
gentlemen, then, so violently oppose the adoption of
this amendment, I am bound to presume—nay, I
can conclude nothing else fairly, but that this bill is
intended more as an attack upon the dead judge
than for justice to the living general.
But if the face of the proceedings, and the plain ac-
tion of the committee and of the House, should leave
room to doubt whether there was any direct attack
intended iapon the memory of Judge Hall, that
doubt would all have been rempved by the course
which some gentlemen have thought proper to pur-
sue, and the avowals which they have openly made,
here, even in this debate. Every epithet of abuse
that was at the command of those most prolific in
terms of reproach; every contumely that could be
heaped upon his devoted head—or rather piled upon
his desecrated tomb,—has been called into requisi-
tion to give force and pungency to the attack upon
the officer of the law, whose greatest sin appears to
have been that he dared fearlessly to do his duty,
under the most trying and difficult circumstances.
"British judge,'11 "traitor/' "tory/5 "coward,1'and
so on, running down through the gamut-scale of
abuse, until it was thought'even not beneath the
dignity of the debate and the occasion to vilify him
with the very choice epithet, "sneaking poltroon."
And, to remote, at least, all question as to the true,
object of this bill, the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Douglas?,] in the zeal of the onset, proclaimed that
his only objection to it was, that it did not contain
a clause expressly designed to condemn and brand
the judge. That gentleman, in his almost frantic
heat, went still further, and declared that it was the
good fortune of Judge Hall, more than his deserv-
ing, that saved him from the infliction of lynch law.
Strange doctrine this, to be preached by one who is
not only here now as a law-maker, but was recently
himself a law-expounder. But more of that anon.
One word more on this point, Mr. Chairman.
Perhaps I am doing injustice to the advocates of
this bill not to cite a still higher authority—f mean
as to the real object of the proposed amendment.
When, in a former year, another branch of Congress
had passed a bill to refund this fine, with the pro-
viso that it was to imply no censure upon the de-
ceased judge, General Jackson himself, I believe,
publicly expressed his determination to accept no
act of relief accompanied by any such condition of
justice, to the character of the magistrate who had
been the instrument of his punishment.
Now, then, let me follow gentlemen in their argu-
ments, to see why this vindictive spirit is to be cher-
ished towauls Judge Hall, and this stigma cast upon
his fame and memory.
It is a little strange that the first inquiry which
presents itself in our way is embodied in the ques-
tion, For what was General Jackson fined? For no
one who has listened only to the speeches of those
who assume to be his exclusive friends on this floor
would ever from them have gathered a correct an-
swer to that simple preliminary question. Why,
sir, if you take their version for history, Judge
Hall sought to punish General Jackson because he
had bravely fought the battle of .New Orleans, and
saved the country from an invading and insolent
foe—because the general had gallantly defended the
homes and the wives and daughters of -that devoted
city from the horrid desolation and brutal licentious-
ness with which they were threatened, and thus dis-
appointed (gentlemen say) that "federal judge,"
whose sympathies they suppose to have been all
with the enemy. These, it is true, are not, by all
the advocates of the bill before us, distinctly stated
as the grounds of the fine; but the whole tone and
course of argument, and all the fierce denunciations
and unrestrained indignation poured out upon the
case by the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kennedy]
and my two colleagues [Messrs. Dean and Wel-
leh] assume that such, and no other, was the ex-
tent of General Jackson's offending. The gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Douolass.,] however, less
equivocal than others, has made a distinct and spe-
cific statement of the otfenee. He has said, in so
many words, that General Jackson v,m fined "be-
cause he declared maitail law;" and thereupon he
labors to prove thnt he was justified and right, under
the circumstances and necessity of his situation,
in putting Xew Orleans under that strict mditaiy
ule.
Sir, I will not permit myself to be dra-.\n off into
the question of the legality or constitutionality of
such declaration of martial lav.-. It has been met
and ably argued by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Barnard;] and if it had not, it is altogether
collateral matter. That is not the true question be-
fore us. It is a false issue. 1 care not, for the pur-
poses of this inquiry, whether martial law there was
proper or not, legal or not, consfimtional or not.
General Jackson was not fined for declaring martial
law; much less for making that glorious and suc-
cessful defence which has ranked him hiyh among
the greatest captains of the age. He was fined for a
contempt of court—for obstruction to the due au-
thority of one of the highest civil tribunals of the
country; and iked only? in all probability, because
he obstinately refused to make any regular and
proper defence to the judicial proceedings instituted
against him. If he had consented t© make that de-
fence, to make it in proper form, and under the rules
of the court, as he was plainly advised by the court
itself that it might be made, it is very certain that no
punishment would have been inflicted. But he' re-
fused to do it. Before we look, however, at the ne-
cessary, the inevitable legal consequences involved
in that refusal, let us review briefly the facts .which
history furnishes us in relation to this matter. They
can be very succinctly stated. Dates are import-
ant; and I beg gentlemen to note and remember
them.
On the 15th day of December, 1814, General
Jackson issued his proclamation declaring martial
law.
On the 8th of January following, the battle of New
Orleans was fought a few miles below that city, the
enemy repulsed, and that glorious victory obtained
which has consecrated this day in die annals of our
country.
On the 19th of January, the British camp having
been evacuated, and their troops and naval force
withdrawn, General Jackson wrote to the Secretary
of War "that he had little doubt the enemy's last
exertions had been made in that quarter, at least for
that season;" and added, "You will not think me too
sanguine in the belief that Louisiana is now clear of
its enemy;" and accordingly, on the 21st, the general
returned with his triumphant army to New Orleans,
where they were received with every demonstration
of joy and every mark of honor and congratulation
by the citizens, and their success celebrated with the
highest festivity.
On the 18th of February, news was received, by
the way of Jamaica, that a treaty of peace had been
concluded by the American and British commis-
sioners at Ghent.
On the 3d of March, Mr. Louallier, a member of
the Louisiana legislature, and one who had been ac-
tive in aid of the army, published in one of the news-
papers at New Orleans a communication complain-
ing of the harsh manner in which certain French
subjects of that city had been treated by General
Jackson.
On Sunday, the 5th of March, for this publication,
Louallier was arrested by order of Jackson, and
thrown into prison. He immediately applied, by his
counsel, in petition to Judge Hall, the United States
district judge, for a writ of habeas corpus. The
judge allowed the writ, as by every rule and obliga-
tion of law and duty he was bound to do—and espe-
cially required to do it, when he considered the iact
that the legislature of the State had refused, even
when the enemy were threatening the city, to sua*
pend, at the request of General Jackson, that writ, so
sacred and cherished as among the dearest safe-
guards of personal liberty. On the evening of that
same day, the judge, having notified the general that
such a writ had been awarded, was himself seized
and imprisoned, by a party of sixty soldiers, sent
under the general's order to his house, where they
arrested him. By this violent and flagrant act, which
took place during a term of the district court, the
court, which had adjourned over from the 4th to
the 7th of March, was prevented from continuing its
fcession.
I will say nothing now of the subsequent arrest
of the district attorney, Mr. Dick, because he dared
to apply to another judge for a writ of habeas cor-
pus for the release of Judge Hall; nor of the order
of the general to arrest also that other judge, because
he1 dared to decide that he would allow such a writ.
! want to confine myself to those facts, with the
dates of their occurrence, which bear more immedi-
ately on the true if-sue of this debate. Let ua pro-
ceed with then).
On the Oth of March, General'Jackson recened
newH of the rntifiualiuti ol* pome at "Washington;
and on the .-vum; day issued an order for a court-
martial to convene to fry Mr. Louanier tor his life!
On the 8th of .March", lie disbanded the militia.
But judge Hall was still kept in close confine-
ment until "the J 1th of March, when he. was pent
four miles out of the city, under a guard of soldiers,
and discharged with indignity. On that day also
Louallier had been tried and was acquitted; but Gen-
eral Jackson issued an order disapproving the deci-
sion of the court-martial, and did not release him
until the 3 6th of the month.
The court of the district judge did not meet again
until the 22d of March. Proceedings were then in-
stituted in due, form against General Jackson for
contempt and obstruction of its authority, A rulf
