216
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and laud the ^nator, irrespective of political doc-
trines. I cannot commend too highly the ingenuity
displayed in this feature of these resolutions, but
will not ask a. patent right for the draftsman. You
will doubtless admit that it is not every inventor
that could have stumbled upon a process by which
he could compliment a friend, without particulariz-
ing some act of his life worthy of praise. In mathe-
matics, the whole is considered equal to all its parts;
but these resolutions demonstrate that the reverse is
true in political science. Here they approve the sena-
tor's whole course, when they did not risk the pas-
sage of a resolution approving a solitary act. The
legislature of the State of Georgia never has, and
never will, pass a resolution giving sanction
to a protective tariff. The legislature of the
State of Georgia never has, and never will,
pass a resolution approbating the bankrupt law, as
passed at the extra session. The legislature of the
State of Georgia never has passsd, and never will
pass, a resolution declaring that the decision of the
Supreme Court upon a constitutional question be-
comes a part, and the strongest part, of the constitu-
tion. The legislature of the State of Georgia never
has passed, and never will pass, a resolution asking
a change of the constitution, limiting the veto power
of the President. The legislature of the State of
Georgia never has passed, and never will pass, a
resolution requesting the proceeds of the public
lands to be distributed among the States. But I
confess, sir, notwithstanding all this, that the last le-
gislature has passed resolutions approving the course
of the senator here. The resolves of the legisla-
tures of 1841 and 1843 had no sensible effect upon
the senator; and I doubt .not he is as much above
legislative praise as legislative censure, and that he
will not be reached, therefore, by the resolutions
just introduced. Inasmuch, therefore, as the reso-
lutions which have just been presented say that
those of 1842 "dissevered the relations" which ex-
isted "between the people of Georgia and their
faithful senator"-—of course, without his knowledge,
and certainly without his consent,—it is hereby de-
creed, as far forth as these resolutions can accom-
plish it, that a full and complete restoration take
place between the senator and the people, without
their knotvledge or consent. And to this end, I move
that the resolutions be printed.
Mr. BERRIEN said, I am quite sure there is no
one who hears me, whatever may be the difference
of political opinion which divides us, who will not
readily accredit the sincerity of the declaration
which I make, that I present myself on this occa-
sion to the notice of the Senate with the most un-
feigned reluctance.
. have been called to do this without the slightest
intimation from my colleague of his intention to
make this assault. He received the resolutions of
the legislature of Georgia, and, concurring in opinion
with me that it became him rather than me to pre-
sent them to the Senate, agreed to do so, without
any notice whatever of his intention to accompany
their presentment with the remarks which demand
this reply. Of the propriety of such a course, honora-
ble senators will judge. I regret it sincerely, but
not ffom any consideration which is personal to
myself. For the sake of the State which we repre-
sent—for the sake of my colleague, as a representa-
tive of the people of that State, I sincerely regret it.
So far as I ha\ e any personal concern in this matter,
it is too utterly impotent to awaken any such feel-
ing. If, in the faithful discharge of the various
duties which have devolved upon me, I have at-
tained my present years without being elevated
above and beyond the reach of such an assault, from
such a source, I have lived in vain; life, in such an
e\ ent, is utterly valueless.
Mi. Piesident, I cannot be induced, no consider-
ation would tempt me, to follow my colleague in the
path which ho has traversed. I cannot be tempted
to enter into a discussion of the merits or demerits
of the resolutions of the successive legislatures of
1841 and 1842, whose conduct, in adopting thorn, he
has labored to vindicate. That question has been
alieady decided; their merits have been already de-
termined by the people of Georgia. I cannot, there-
fore, be seduced to seek a deviation from propriety
to such an abandonment of my own self-respect'
as to enter upon a vindication of my conduct against
the charges contained in tliose resolutions, which
have been already stamped with the reprobation of
that people. Before them that vindication has been
made, and it has been made triumphantly.
I cannot, however, consent that the legislature of
Georgia, by whom the resolutions now on your
rebate, some of its leading measures. They condemned
the chartering of a United States bank; the passage
of the bankrupt law; the distribution of the proceeds
of the public lands among the States; the policy
of a protective tariff; the recommendation to change
the constitution, by limiting the veto power of the
President, and pernaps some others. These mea-
sures had been supposed to be, in the State
of Georgia, for many years, opposed to the
faith of the republican party of the country; which
faith my colleague, for a season, professed, but
not until after the war. Having thus expressed
their opinions upon the topics presented in the
manifesto, they raised no question as to the right of
instruction; but inquired, what does our senator mean,
when he invokes us to use our constitutional power
to carry out the popular will? Does he intend to
mock us? or does he intend to execute our wishes,
when made known; or, differing with us, to give
way to one who will? In solving their queries, the legis-
lature—most wrongfully, as time has proven—con-
cluded that this appeal made by the senator and his
friends, was an honest appeal, intended for the ascer-
tainment of public opinion, and to direct the action
of public servants. This mistake, I trust, will meet
the indulgence of your charity. They ought to have
known that the legislatures were called on as a mere
matter of form—not to condemn, but to approve; that
resolutions of approbation would have been a proper
exercise of constitutional power; but that resolutions
qf condemnation, were transcending all constitutional
limit. Those resolutions, however, passed the legis-
lature, and weresent here; when my colleague taught
them, by his senatorial bearing, how much regard a
senator of the United States ought to pay to the legislative
resolves of a State, from which he receives his com-
mission. After the adjournment of Congress, my
colleague wrote another address to the people of
Georgia, holding himself in no wise responsible to
the legislature; and appealing to the people. In this
address, he instructs the people how high he stands
as a senator, and says, he "is not an officer of the
government of Georgia." Immediately after this last
publication, a new legislature was elected and con-
vened. The indifference that had been manifested
by the senator to the resolves of the former legisla-
ture, which had been invoked, induced the legisla-
ture of 1842, to express for him their contempt.
That you may have a more correct idea of their
spirit, I will read the resolution:
"The Committee on the state of the republic, to
whom were referred that portion of the message of
his excellency the governor, relative to the preamble
and resolutions of the legislature of the last year,
transmitted to our senators in Congress, and to the
recent address of the honorable John M. Berrien,
beg leave to offer the following report and resolu-
tions:
"The committee have read with care and attention
the address of the honorable John M. Berrien,, and
feci that they would be unworthy of the trust dele-
gated to them, did not they give that notice which
its principles and doctrines seriously demand.
"The address is in reply to the preamble and reso-
lutions passed by the last legislature, on the. subject
of many important measures of national concern;
and whilst we admit the perfect right of the senator
to address the people—the source of all power—yet
we deem that it would have been nothing more than
common comtesy for him also to have addressed his
immediate constituents, the body from wllom he
derived his office, and upon whose action and opin-
ions he was commenting.
"The address was promulgatedjustprevious to the
general elections, and was evidently intended to
operate on their results. But the people were not
convinced, and the signal rebuke which they ga^e to
the senator, by the election of representatives m Con-
gress, and a majority of the representatn es in both
branches of the general assembly, professing opin-
ions diametrically [opposite] to those ad\anccd by
him, should have carried conviction to his nimd that
he was no longer a fit and proper representative of the
State of Geoigia. He appealed to the people—and
should he not be governed by their verdict? A man
who loves his country and its institutions better
than his £>wn personal aggrandizement, would never
hold office a moment after he had lost the confidence
of the people.
"The committee are free to acknowledge that this
legislature has no power to compel a senator to re-
s' ^n; but the theory of a representative government,
i the delicate connexion between the constituent
,.i:d the representative, imperiously demand that,
whenever he ceases to subserve the object of his
appointment, he should at once surrender the dele-
gated trust. Tested by this plain and obvious rule,
Mr. Berrien will utterly defeat the end and aim of
representative government, should he continue to
retain the office of senator in Congress. The com-
mittee, however, would not advise you to derogate
from your official dignity so far as to prefer any
request to an agent who disavows your authority.
The man who disregards the twice expressed will of
the people of Georgia, will, in all probability, pay as
little attention to the wishes of their legislature. We
feel it, however, due to the majesty of the State of
Georgia, that ice her servants, should withdraw our-
selves from all official contact with the honorable
John Macpherson Berrien, and leave him in the
isolation he has chosen for himself, to hold (if it so
please him) the office to which he has been elected;
to enjoy (if that can comfort him) the wages of his
office.
"Cass-o, 1 loved thee,
* But never more be officer of mine,"
"The people of Georgia are opposed to an&tional
bank, to the distribution of the proceeds of the sales
of the public lauds, to the abolition or modification
of the veto power; and with Judge Berrien, in the
palmy days of his intellect, they utterly deny the con-
stitutional power of Congress to enact a tariff of protec-
tion, and regard such a tariff as unequal in its operation,
oppressive and unjust; and yet, upon each, all of these
important questions, the people of Georgia differ
materially from Mr. Berrien.
"Beit therefore resolved by the Senate and House of
Rejri'esentatives of the State of Gem-gia, That the opin-
ion of the Hon. John M. Berrien, on the subject of
a national bank, the adjustment of the tariff, the dis-
tribution of the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands, are in direct opposition to the principles of a
large majority of the people of this State.
"Be itfurther resolved, That the veto power is the
great conservative principle of the constitution, and
its abolition or proposed modification would leave
our rights and the constitution itself the sport of
irresponsible majorities in Congress.
"Be it farther resolved, That the senators in Con-
gress are the representatives and officers of the States
electing them; and the opinion of the Hon. John M.
Berrien, that he 'is not an officer of the government of
Georgia,' renders him unfit to represent this State
in the Senate of the United States.
"Jlnd be it farther resolved, That this legislature
hereby withdraws its confidence from the Hon.
John Macpherson Berrien; we will receive no com-
munication from him, nor will we, in any emergen-
cy, address ourselves to that honorable senator, to
further the interests or defend the rignts of the peo-
ple of Georgia.
"Be it further resolved, That his excellency, the
governor, be requested to forward a copy of the
preamble and resolutions to the Hon. Alfred Cuth-
bcrt, with our instructions to lay the same before the
Senate of the United States."
The legislature of 1841 made no question as to
the right of instruction, but acted upon the invita-
tion of the senator and his friends. The legislature
of 1842 does not claim to instruct, but refers to the
action of the former legislature, and the conduct of
the senator towards that body, and his doctrines,
expressed in his address. Having cut himself off
from them, they very unnecessarily cut themselves
off from him. Wow, sir, you will be enabled to un-
derstand the importance of the resolutions which I
have had the honor to submit. The legislatures of
1841 and 1842 made, alike, gioss mistakes as to
their constitutional power. Neither placed a proper
estimate upon senatorial importance. They seemed
to think they had as much right to censure as to
praise. It was, then, very important to have these
errors corrected at once. For this purpose, in part,
it is manifest the legislature of 1843 passed these res-
olutions. It is now settled, so far as the action of
the last legislature of Georgia can settle it, that reso-
lutions of censure are disorganizing, and that resolu-
tions of praise are legitimate, proper, and orderly.
All thi ee legislatures passed resolutions. The two
first condemned, and are, therefore, unconstitutional.
The last takes the legitimate course, and establishes
that the true limit of legislative power over a United
States senator is to praise. I note one other differ-
ence in the character of these different legislative re-
solves. The preceding legislatures discussed politi-
cal opinions and actions, condemning such as they
deemed wrong. The last (those just read) include
all actions and opinions in a significant parenthesis,
