230
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. M. Bro
H. of Reps.
Does that sound absurd? Would such pleas be re-
ceived-ill the courts of Indiana and Illinois? The
learned gentlemen from those States who have ad-
vanced them here can tell us. I am sure that my
colleagues will never venture to adopt them in their
practice at home. Yet such, and no more, are some
of the arguments with which Judge Hall and his de-
cision have been gravely met, when you come to
strip those arguments of their ornaments, and re-
duce them to their plain import.
Mr. Chairman, there is a graver and truer view to '
be taken of this subject. There is a principle of
civil order and of safety involved, which it becomes
us all not only to remember, but to vindicate. I care
not who or what Judge Hall was as an individual:
No matter what description of person he was, or
what his private character. We are only to know
that he was the minister of the law, and that in him
was the representation of the power and the sacred
maiesty of the constitution. Vile, then, though he
had been, and unworthy of trust; yet contempt and
disregard of his process, and of his order, when
made and executed in the rightful pursuance of his
authority, was disobedience, not to him, but to the
whole power of the people, as embodied in that law
and constitution. Sir, let us thank God that it is
so. Let us pray that this principle of safety and
protection to all our rights may never be substituted
by the unregulated caprice and, arbitrary will of any
man or set of men. The very evils of our system
may be borne with patience, when we reflect that
they are in part, perhaps, the fruits of this good prin-
ciple. Intelligent men,' abroad and at home, have
complained of the tyranny of public opinion here,
and of the want of moral independence. It is the
fault, I suppose, of a wise scheme and practice of
government, in which individuals are nothing, and
the constituted authorities of the country are every-
thing.
But, Mr. Chairman, these constituted authorities,
and this system of government, arc not always re-
spected even here, where they should meet with most
consideration and regard. Not satisfied with the at-
tacks upon Judge Hall on personal accounts, gentle-
men, I am sorry to say, have sought to invalidate
the weight of his judgment by making assault upon
the whole judiciary of the country. Sir, no discus-
sion, no party denunciation, ever <mve me more pain
than I felt to hear that important branch of our gov-
ernment assailed, not only with terms of irreverence,
but m a spirit of bitter hostility; and I could not have
excused myself if I had remained quiet in my scat,
without entering my solemn protest against such an
attack upon that department. If there is any thing
tiiat ought to be held sacred, it is the judiciary'of the
country. In that we have a grave, high, solemn
[lower, to which, m the last resort, and more, than to
all others, is intrusted the guardianship of life, and
liberty, and reputation, and property—all that is
dearest to men as members of civil society. In our
government it is the great cheek, the wholesome
power of restraint, alike upon popular turbulence
and official usurpation. Under Clod, I do believe
that our highest obligations as citizens are to its pro-
tection. It is the sheet-anchor, without which we
should be soon all adrift. The fathers of our coun-
try gave us the blessing of a written constitution;
but it has been the patient and laborious work of the
supreme judiciary—charged with its conduction
l.u the laht resort, and devoted to its high
study, removed from the influences of po-
litical passion and prejudice—to widen and strength-
en its foundations, anil sink them deep in the hearts
and understanding of the people. The judges of
our country and its courts all corrupt? Sir, 1 will
believe this when I forget that such men as Mar-
shal), and Jay, and Story, and Kent—to say noth-
ing of my colleague [Mr. Dean] and the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Douglas]—have consecrated
their live;-,, and their intellects, and their great moral
influence, to the good and the happiness of my
countrymen. On this very day, the members of the
highest judicial tribunal in the land arc about as-
sembling in another apartment of this Capitol; and
if we are to entertain such sentiments as does the
gentleman trom Indiana, [Mr. Kennedy,] instead
of imploring a blessing upon their labors, we ought
to regard it as a meeting of traitorous, consniratoi?,,
plotting for the betrayal of our liberties. '
When ihe gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kjejwe-
! V j told us that his opportunities as a lawyer had
• aabled him to tell of coiruption in the courts I
made every allowance for some possible "secret
griefs," and trusted that he was mistaken in his ob-
servation; but when my colleague, [Mr. Dean,]
who has himself filled an important judicial station,
added the weight of his testimony, I was afraid that
some one, not knowing him well, might conclude
that he was giving the convictions of experience.
No, sir, no; gentlemen have been carried away in
the ardor of debate, and will not deliberately insist
upon these indiscriminate charges against the ju-
diciary.
[Mr. Kennedy and Mr. "Dean explained. Mr.
Kennedy insisted that he had not gone so far as
was imputed; that he had only claimed that the ju-
diciary was just as corrupt as any other department.
Mr. Dean averred that he had not denounced the
whole judiciary; he had marked out Judge Hall as
an exception.]
Mr. Sciienck. Well, sir, I am glad if I have mis-
taken the gentlemen. I desire not to misrepresent
their arguments and assertions; though I have taken
them up as I understand them, and as others around
me have understood them.
But to the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kennedy]
again. He claims to testify in still another capa-
city. He says that he Was a blacksmith before he
became ,a lawyer. Well, suppose he was: does
he mean to claim that he represents the opinions of
that industrious class of artisans, and that they
would sanction disrespect of the character of the
judiciary? Sir, it is not so. I know the mechanics
of this country. There is not a more law-abiding
class of citizens in the community than they. There
is none that cherish a deeper respect and love for the
free institutions of the land. It is their habitual
reverence for order and right, their fidelity to the
constitution and the laws, which makes them what
they arc—influential and respected. Sir, I suspect that
the gentleman has long since ceased to associate with
that sober-minded and honest portion of our people,
or lie would better understand their sentiments and
feelings. He has forgotten the business of the
blacksmith in a calling which he finds more conge-
nial to his taste. He has retained only so much
knowledge of the trade as helps him to "blow the
political bellows, and hammer on the anvil of democ-
racy!"
And there, also, again, is the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Douglass.] He, too, has been a judge,
I am told. He is, however, in some things, a strange
expounder of the law. "Talk about illegality!"
says he. "Talk about formalities!" Why, he ex-
presses the most soveieign and scornful contempt
for all such restraints upon the free action of his fa-
vorite general, for all "rules of judicial proceeding,"
and says they are no better than "cobwebs to be
brushed away!" He cared not, he said—and I quote
the very language in which he has been reported—
"he cared not whether General Jackson violated the
constitution or not. He cared not whether General
Jackson suspended all civil authority or not." And
then he proceeds to justify all his violence on the
ground of necessity—that universal plea for tyrants.
Such doctrines, Mr. Chairman, may do well enough
for the meridian of St. Petersburgh or Constantino-
ple; but I take it they are rather startling to be as-
serted in this free country. Give currency and
sanction to the doctrines which that gentleman has
preached here, and you have only to say that
when a commander of an army gets a commis-
sion in his pocket, every other authority, and
ail law in the land but his unbridled will, are
utterly at an end. "Martial law is necessary
to save all law:" that, again, is another of that gen-
tleman's legal propositions. Mr. Chairman, the
remedy is a strong one, and reminds me of no other
prescription of which I have ever heard, except in
the practice bald to liave been adopted by a person
oncc in another learned profession. It was by a
quack doctor—one of your famous nostrum dealers 
who was callcd upon by an anxious mother to ad-
minister something to her child, that was sick with an
ague, or some not very serious disease. He gave his
medicine, and went off. The next day he returned
to inquire after the little patient, and found the
mother in great alarm and distress. "Ah! doctor,"
said she, "my poor babe has grown worse and worse
ever wince I gave the dose; and now I'm afiaid he
is dying in convulsions." "Bless your heart,
madam," he exclaimed, "that was exactly what I
wanted. The fact is, you see, I don't know much
about the uger; but I'm great on fits!"
[Mr. Sciienck was here interrupted by the expi-
ration of his hour ]
SPEECH OF MR. MILTON BROWN,
of tennessee..
In the House, of Representatives, February 1th, 1844—
Oil the question of the right of the members from
the States of New Hampshire, Georgia, Missis-
sippi, and Missouri, who were elected under the"
general-ticket system, and contrary to the provi-
sions of the second section of the apportionment
law, to retain their seats.
Mr. MILTON BROWN addressed the House as
follows:
Mr. Speaker: The question we are called on to de-
cide, though perhaps demanding 110 very extensive
range of debate, nevertheless involves principles and
consequences destined to exert a vital influence on
the future action and history of the country. Four
of the States of this Union have taken on them-
selves to declare a law of Congress unconstitutional
and void—have acted in direct violation of its
solemn enactments—have nullified and setat naught
its requirements; and have held their elections for
members of Congress in open arid avowed disre-
gard of its express provisions. This House is now
called on to sustain these States, and add its sanc-
tion to the nullificatioirof this law.
Before entering on this (to my mind) very plain
but most momentous question, it is important to as-
certain the precise facts of the case.
The first clause of the fourth section of the first
article of the constitution is in these words:
"The times, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions for senators and representatives, shall be pre-
scribed in each State by the legislature thereof; but
the Congress may, at any time, by law, make or
alter such regulations, except as to the places of
choosing senators."
The 27th Congress, whose duty it was to appor-
tion representatives among the States according to
the sixth census, passed an act for that purpose,
which was approved, and became a law on the 25th
of June, 1842. Acting on the principle that a rep-
resentation elected by single districts was most re-
publican, and best calculated to bring to this House
a true expression of the popular will, the second
section of that act, for the sake of uniformity in all
the States, made the following provision:
"That in every case where a State is entitled to
more than one repiesentative, the number to which
each State shall be entitled under this apportion-
ment, shall be elected by districts composed of con-
tiguous territory, equal in number to the number of
representatives to which said State may be entitled—
no one district electing more than one representa-
tive."
This section, it will be seen- requires all elections
of members of Congress to be by single districts-
no one district electing more than one representative.
All the States have pursued the provisions of this
law. except New Hampshire, Georgia, Mississippi,
and Missouri. These four States have held elec-
total
„. . representa-
tivcs, or rather those claiming to be their representa-
tives, are here claiming, and in fact enjoying seats
on this floor, on the ground, as they allege, that the
law of Congress directing elections to be held bv
single districts is unconstitutional and void, and
therefore not binding on the States. Here is a fear-
ful issue—a direct and palpable conflict between the
laws of Congress, and the laws of these four States.
This direct conflict is admitted. The majority re-
port from the Committee of Elections says: "The
conflict is so clear, so palpable, so direct, that both
cannot stand; one or the other must yield. Either
the State laws and all the proceedings under them
arc void, or the second section of the apportionment
act is invalid and inoperative." And that report
arrives at what, with all due respect for the opinions
of others, to my mind seems a strange conclusion 
that this act of Congress is wholly void, and the
States in their sovereign pleasure have u ri"ht to
totally disregard it. I he report declares that those
claiming to represent these four states are entitled to
seats on this floor, and recommends the adoption of
the following resolution:
"Resolved, That the second section of'an act for the
apportionment of representative^ among the several
States according to the sixth census,' approved June
25, 1842, is not a law made in pursuance of the con-
stitution of the United States, and valid, operative
and binding upon the States."
