Feb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
231
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. J[L Brown.
H* of Reps.
Is this House prepared to sustain this report, and
adopt this resolution? Will a majority on this floor
justify these four States in their total disregard, in
their direct violation, in their open and avowed nul-
lification of this law? I pray gentlemen to look
well to this question before they decide. I hold this
law to be clearly, and beyond all rational doubt,
constitutional and binding—binding on the State le-
gislatures—binding on us; and binding on all whose
duty it is to support the supremacy of the constitu-
tion and laws, against the disorganizing spirit of the
times.
Before entering more directly into the examina-
tion of the power of Congress to pass the law in
question, allow me to premise a few things in re-
gard to the nature of the power of the States to le-
gislate as to the times, places, and manner of hold-
ing elections to Congress, subject to the paramount
control of the national legislature. The elementary
principle of our system—that the States are the origi-
nal sources of power, and have retained all that has
not been expressly granted by the constitution, to
the general government—though perfectly sound,
does not apply to this case. No question of re-
served power or original State rights is involved in
the matter. Strike the federal constitution from ex-
istence, and where is the power to send representa-
tives here, much less the power to prescribe the
times, places, and manner of their election? As has
been correctly said, aside from the federal constitu-
tion, the people of the several States have no more
right to send representatives to this House, than
they would have to send them to the British Parlia-
ment. So it is of the right of the State legislatures
to legislate as to the times, places, and manner of
holding congressional elections. All the power they
have is conferred by the federal constitution; strike
that out, and their power is gone. It is therefore
clear, that whatever power the States may have in
this matter must be derived solely from the federal
constitution.
Another thing must be borne in mind. The pow-
er to perpetuate its own existence is a necessary at-
tribute of sovereignty. This power was necessari-
ly conferred on the general government. Within
the limited circle of its granted powers, it was de-
signed to be independent and supreme. The means
of its own perpetuity were intrusted to its own
keeping. Without this, it would be neither sove-
reign nor independent. It was essential, therefore,
that the paramount direction and control of the elec-
tions of its own legislature should be in its own
hands. This direction and control belongs to the
vital power of its own independent existence. If
the States have any power or discretion over this
matter which Congress cannot direct or control,
then indeed this vital power is gone, and. the general
government is dependent, both for continuance and
existence, on the mere will of the States. Such
reasoning would lead to the destruction of the gov-
ernment, and must therefore be rejected as unsound.
This brings me to the question, what power is
conferred on the States, and what is conferred on
Congress, to legislate touching the times, places,
and manner of holding congressional elections. The
clause of the constitution which confers the power I
have already quoted. But as it is short, for the
sake of perspicuity, I may be pardoned for quoting
it again.
"The times, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions for senators and representatives shall be pre-
scribed in each State by the legislature thereof; but
the Congress may at any time, by law, make
or alter such regulations, except as to the places of
choosing senators."
The first part of this clause is mandatory to the
State legislatures; making it their duty to prescribe
all such needful regulations, touching time, place,
and manner, as might be necessary for the election
of senators and representatives to Congress. The
second part of the clause gives to Congress an un-
limited control over all and every part of these "reg-
ulations," except as to the place of choosing sena-
tors. This exception, according to the authority of
Mr. Madison, was to prevent Congress from indi-
rectly controlling the location of the seats of govern-
ment, or the sirtings of the legislatures of the States,
by directing thnt senators should be chosen at given
pKve^. And ihis exception may, from its very
nature, be regarded as illustrative of the general and
unlimited discretion designed to be given to Con-
gress in every other particular. Let us analyze the
power conferred on Congress. Congress may
Snake" all needful "regulations," thereby exclud-
ing State legislation entirely. Congress may do
this either before or after the States have legislated
on the subject; it may be done at "any time." But
the power does not stop here. Congress may not
only, at its pleasure, and at all times, "make"
"such regulations," but it may "alter" those made
by the States; and this may also be done at "any
time." The power to "alter" as well as to "make"
is unlimited. It extends to all and every part. The
uncontrolled and unrestrained discretion of Con-
gress ranges over the whole and every part of the
subject, excepting only the place of choosing Sena-
tors.
This being the plain letter and obvious meaning
of the constitution, what has Congress done in the
case now under discussion? It has, by the second
section of "an act for the apportionment of repre-
sentatives among the several States according to the
sixth census," declared that elections shall be held
by single districts. And is this not within the plain
and unquestionable power conferred by the constitu-
tion? Congress has full power over the whole sub-
ject. It may prescribe or "make" cdl or any part of
the "regulations" as to either time, place, or manner
of holding these elections. It may make all, and ex-
clude State legislation entirely; or it may legislate
only in part, leaving State legislation to supply the
deficiency. The latter it has chosen to do—direct-
ing all elections for representatives to Congress to be
held by single districts—leaving, as it ought, the de-
tails for canying this "regulation" into effect, to the
legislation of the States. The question is simple;
the conclusion obvious. It requires no proof, no
argument, no illustration, beyond a statement of the
case. In fact, the only embarrassment that meets
the friends of the law, springs from the impossibility
of adding illustration to self-evident truths. The
plain reading of the constitution, and the statement
of the case, present the question so obviously in
favor of the constitutionality of the law, that it is
equally impossible for illustration to make it more
clear, and for sophistry to throw a cloud of doubt
over it.
Those who seek to sustain the nullification of this
law, feel the overw helming weight of this plain pro-
vision of the constitution, and resort to subtle dis-
tinctions in order to evade its force. The report
from the Committee of Elections, to which I have
already referred, admits the power of Congress over
the whole subject; but contends that its enactments,
to be effective, must be so complete as to neither in
voke nor require aid from State legislation. The
report goes further—it admits the power of Con-
gress not only over the whole, but over every branch
of the subject taken separately. But then it con-
tends that whenever Congress assumes the power
over any branch of the subject, its legislation must
be complete to that extent, so as to execute itself
without the intervention of the State legislature.
These subtle distinctions seem to me to find no
countenance, no support, either in the language or
the spirit of the constitution. In cases of concur-
rent legislative power, federal and State legislation
may well stand together, each forming harmonious
parts of an entire system. When there is a conflict,
State legislation must yield, but then only so far as the
conflict extends. Mr. Justice Story, in his commen-
tary on the constitution, places this m a clear light.
He says: "If a State passes a law inconsistent with
the constitution of the United States, it is a mere
nullity. If it passes a law clearly within its own
constitutional powers, still if it conflicts with the
exercise of a power given to Congress, to the extent
of the interference its operation is suspended; for in
a conflict of laws, that which is supreme must govern.
Therefore, it has often been adjudged, that if a State
law is in conflict with a treaty, or an act of Congress,
it becomes ipso facto inoperative to the extent of the
conflict."
But the case now under discussion is much strong-
er than an ordinary case of concurrent legislative
power, as put by this learned judge. This is a case,
as I have already shown, where the power of the
State legislatures is derived exclusively from the
federal constitution; and where the State legislatures
are not exerting ordinary legislative powers derived
from their respective constitutions, but are more
property the agents of the general government, from
which this power is derived, and to winch they es-
pecially owe the performance uf this duty.
In this class of cases, Congress has not merely
exercised the power of suspending or altering State
legislation, but has uniformly claimed and exer-
cised the right of prescribing and directing in ad-
vance, the very principles and forms by which this
legislation was to be guided, and requiring these prin-
ciples and forms to be carried, out in aid of its own le- -
gislation. And in this, no one has ever supposed
the rights of the State legislatures were trampled
upon. No one hag ever dreamed that any "manda-
mus" was issued to them, other than that which
proceeds from their oaths to support the constitution
of the United States. Many illustrations of this
might be given, but one or two will be enough.
The sixteenth clause of the eighth section of the
first article of the constitution gives Congress the
power "to provide for organizing, -aiming and dis-
ciplining the militia, and of governing such part of
them as may be employed in the service of the
United States, reserving to the States, respectively,
the appointment of officers, and the authority of train-
ing the militia according to the discipline prescribed
by Congress:" by a subsequent clause, the command
of the militia of the States is given to the President
when they are ''called into the actual service of the
United States,"
Here is a case where legislative and other duties
devolve on the States to be performed for the gene-
ral government, having reference to the protection
and defence of the entire Union. These duties,
however, are to be performed subject to the super-
vision of Congress. Here is a case in point with
the one now under discussion. If there is a differ-
ence, it is that the one under discussion is more
completely and expressly under the supervision of
Congress than this case. What, then, has been the
uniform action and the clearly recognised power of
the constitution in relation to the militia?
Congress, as early as the 8th of May, 1795,
passed "An act more effectually to provide for the
national defence, by establishing a uniform militia
throughout the United States." The first section of
that act provided for the enrolment of all males over
38 and under 45 years of age; and directed the
"arms, ammunition, and accoutrements" each should
have. The second section directed who should be
exempt from military duty. And then the third
section provides, "that witliin one year after the
passing of this act, the militia of the lespective
States shall be arranged into divisions, brigades,
regiments, battalions, and companies, as the legisla-
ture of each State shall direct; and each division,
brigade, and regiment, shall be numbered at the for-
mation thereof, and a record made of such numbers
in the Adjutant General's office in the State; and
when in the field, or in service in the State, each di-
vision, brigade, and regiment shall respectively take
rank according to their numbers, reckoning the first
or lowest number highest in rank." The balance
of the section gives further directions on the same
subject. The-fifth section provides, "that each bat-
talion and regiment shall be provided with the State
and regimental colors, by the field officers, and each
company with a drum and fife, or bugle horn, by
the commissioned officers of the company, in such
manner as the legislatures of the respective States
shall direct."
Now, Congress did not lay off the States into di-
visions, brigades, regiments, battalions, and com-
panies; but it prescribed the rule by which it should
be done, and directed the State legislatures to per-
form this duty. Was this legislation of Congress
so complete as, in the language of the report of the
Committee of Elections, "to execute itself without
the intervention of State legislation?" And was it,
therefore, deemed void9 Did the States, in that
pure age, when genuine and not spurious democracy
held the councils of the country, claim the right on
that account to disregard, to violate, to nullify this
Iaw? No; none doubted its constitutionality or its
binding force on the States. It was signed and ap-
proved by George Washington, then President of
the United States; and, with slight modifications,
not changing the principle referred to, it has formed
the basis of our militia regulations up to this day.
It aided in canying us triumphantly through the
late war. It aided us to present an undivided front
upon the battle-field, and to close that mighty con-
flict with glory and renown.
1 desire to refer to only one other of the many il-
lustrations that might be adduced.* The constitu-
tion provides that "each State shall appoint, in such
manner as the legislature thereof may direct, a num-
ber of electors equal to the whole number of sena-
tors and representatives to which the State may be
entitled in Congress." It further provides that
"Congress may determine the time of choosing this
*1 am indebted for this illustration to m\ learned fiiea^
Mr. ColUmer, of Vermont.
