218
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ator knows that it wag in most parts of the State
all-important not to present national issues;' and that
the late elections have turned upon very different
questions.
The elections which took place immediately
after the adjournment of the extra session are surely
the very best tests. The acts of the whigs were
known; there could be no disguise; deception could
■ not be practised; and the people everywhere con-
demned them. Other and local questions have since
taken their place, and produced different results.
The senator has strange notions of his responsibil-
ity. He says he never did invoke the State legisla-
tures to make any expression of opinion, but that
he called on the people directly. I may be mistaken
in the address, but I never should have conceived,
under our form of government, the necessity of such
an appeal. It is a mere quibble. An appeal to the
people by a senator, has a proper and legitimate re-
sponse by the people's representatives. If it had
been favorable, the senator here would then, as he
does now, have proclaimed it the people's voice. But,
sir, to whom does the senator acknowledge respon-
sibility, if he does not to the State legislature? The
Senate is said to represent the State sovereignties in
Congress; the House of Representatives more im-
mediately the people of the States. He says he ap-
pealed to the people, and not to the legislatures.
What people? The people of Georgia? Oh ! no;
the people of the United States, beeause he is a
United States senator. My colleague says he made
it publicly known, before his election, that, if he
were elected, he should disregard legislative instruc-
tion. This may be so. It was not, however, pub-
lished, I think; and I am quite sure I never heard
that the senator notified the legislature, before his
election, that it was his purpose that, so soon as
they commissioned him, he should hold himself in-
dependent of and irresponsible to them. I may be
mistaken, but I think sucli a proclamation would
have lost him many afi-eeman's vote in that legisla-
ture. The senator has been pleased to say,
but for the sentiments entertained by the last
legislature, of having no right to intermeddle with
national politics, that I might feel what he has
felt for the last two years. 1 have no doubt the last
legislature could have passed resolutions, if they had
thought proper, asking me to resign; that I was un-
worthy, destitute 06 talents, &c.; but I deny that
they could have passed any resolution, pointing out
any course of political conduct, which I could not
have carrried out. I had no fear upon this subject;
and if ever the people of Georgia, by their legisla-
ture, shall become the advocates of the odious meas-
ures advocated by the whigs at the extra session of
Congress of 1841, and advocated by a large majority
of them throughout the Union, it will be when the fires
of party shall have burned up every vestige of con-
sistency and honor. If the reason I have assigned
is not the true reason, why the legislature of
Georgia did not endorse whig doctrines at its late
session, my colleague will pardon me if I suppose
that it was a kindness to him that they did not set
them out in their resolutions; for, by so doing, they
would have passed laudatory resolutions; but at the
the same lime held him up 111 the ridiculous attitude
of standing now in opposition to every measure
which a few years ago he advocated.
I am myself the advocate of principles, and am
prepared to put my brand upon the changeling who
abandons them. Others may be content to go with
the crowd, and boast of their consistency; because
they continue in company with a majority of their
old friends, while they trample down those princi-
ples upon which the happiness and perpetuity of
the government depend, and which they, for full
many a year, did battle. Having discharged what I
believe to be a duty to the legislatures of 1841 and
1842, as ■..•ell as to the legislature of 1843, 1 again
ask that the resolutions be printed.
The question was put, and the resolutions were
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WOODBR1DGE presented a petition signed
by a number of citizens of Calhoun county, in the
State of Michigan, asking Congi ess, at its present
session, to provide means for the speedy construc-
tion of a canal around the falls of Sault St, Marie:
referred to the Committee 011 Roads and Canals.
Also presented joint resolutions of the legislature
of the State of Michigan, requesting the senators
and representatives in Congress from that State to
use their best exertions to procure an appropriation
of land owned by the United States lying within t.ie
vicinity of the line of the Grand river, in Michigan,
to repair and finish the Grand yiver road,
Mr. W. expressed much pleasure in presenting
the resolutions now, as the legislature of Michigan
no longer assumed the high pretension of embarras-
ing the members of this body by undertaking to dic-
tate to them what they shall do, or not do. They
had contented themselves by passing resolutions re-
spectfully requesting their senators to act. He
moved that the resolutions be read and printed:
agreed to.
Mr. PORTER presented a memorial from citizcns
of Detroit, praying that the general provisions of
law applicable to cases on the high seas, and in the
coasting trade of the United States, may be extended
over the commerce, shipping, and navigation of the
lakes, and the controversies and offences arising
thereon, and that admiralty jurisdiction may be con-
ferred on the several courts in all such cases: refer-
red to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DAYTON presented a memorial from Wil-
liam D. Conover, playing to be placed on the pen-
sion roll of the United States: referred to the Com-
mittee 011 Pensions.
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented a memorial from
Joseph Pulsifer, a soldier in the United States army
during the last war with Great Britain, praying for
arrearages of pension: referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
On motion by Mr. FAIRFIELD, it was ordered
that the petition of Rufus R. Lane be taken from
the files of the Senate, and, with a communication
he then presented from the Commissioner of Pen-
sions upon the subject, be referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, it was ordered that
the petition of John Hibbert, a soldier of the last
war with Great Britain, praying for a pension, be
taken from the files of the Senate, and referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. ATCHISON submitted the following resolu-
tion, which, under the rule, lies one day on the ta-
ble, viz:
Resolved, That the President be requested to cause
the Commissioner of the General Land Office to in-
form the Senate what registers and receivers of the
land office have exacted fees not allowed by law;
also the names of such registers and receivers, to-
gether with the amount of fees so exacted, as far
as the same has been ascertained by the Commis-
sioner; and whether such fees, so illegally exacted,
have been refunded, or ordered by the Commission-
er to be refunded.
Mr. BREESE submitted the following resolution;
which was agreed to, viz:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be directed to inquiie into the ex- '
pediency of establishing a mail route from Pales-
tine, 111 Crawford county, to Living-ton, the county
seat of Effingham county, by Robinson, the county
seat of Crawford county, and Newton, the county
scat of Jasper county, in the State of Illinois.
Mr. SIMMONS presented a petition from Robert
Purkins, a citizen of Rhode Island, praying the
payment of his claim against the United States for
recapturing of the sloop Little Sarah, and four men,
in the late war with Great Britain: referred to the
Committee 011 Commerce.
Mr. S. also, from the Committee on Printing,
reported in favor of printing a report of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury; which was concurred in by
the Senate. ,
Mr. ARCHER presented the petition of Miles
King, and of James Robinson and others, assign-
ees of the Pennsylvania Bank of the United States
praying the payment of a debt due by the United
States to the said Miles King, and by him assigned
to the Bank of the United States: referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr. Jar-
nagin, yesterday, came up for consideration, and,
after a few explanatory remarks by that gentleman,
was agreed to, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and is
hereby, directed to report to the Senate, if there be
any Indians of the Cherokee tribe remaining east
of the Mississippi river, and if so, why they were
not removed with that tribe in 1837 and 1838. That
he state whether or not the Cherokees, now in the
State of North Carolina, were allowed the rights
of citizenship under the Cherokee treaty of 1835-6,
and if the State of North Carolina did not, by an
act of her legislature, recognise said Indians as a
part of the population of North Carolina; and wheth-
er this was not the reason said Indians were not re-
moved west. That he state whether any person
has been appointed by the United States, or any of-
ficer thereof, as enrolling agent for said Cherokees,
when appointed, the duties assigned, and compen-
sation allowed. How many persons, and who,
have been engaged since the commencement of the
year 1841, in and about the proportion, for the emi-
gration of said Indians, by wha.t authority engaged,
and the amount of money paid out by the United
States, and to whom paid, since the date aforesaid,
in subsisting said Indians, and in all other matters
pertaining to their emigration, so as to show the
whole amount expended about said Indians since
1841.
The resolution- from the House, instructing the
Library Committee to consider the expediency of
adopting some system for the distribution of dupli-
cate specimens of natural history, belonging to the
government of the United States, was taken up,
read twice, and a motion made to refer it to the
Committee on the Library.
After a few remarks by Mr. TAPPAN, intima-
ting that it might not be expected that that commit-
tee would sanction any distribution until after the
classification of the specimens of natural history
belonging to the government was completed, and the
work in connection therewith, in course of prepara-
tion, was published, the resolution was referred to
the Committee on the Library.
COMPROMISE ACT.
The CHAIR announced the special order, being
the consideration of the resolution reported from the
Finance Committee, for the indefinite postponement
of the bill introduced by Mr. McDuffie for redu-
cing the rates of duty under the present tariff, to the
standard of the compromise act.
Mr. EVANS, who was entitled to the floor, was
understood to express a wish that the subject
should be postponed till Monday next.
Mr. ARCHER, in view of the remarks made by
the senator from Maine, moved that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. McDUFFIE had 110 objection to the post-
ponement desired; but suggested the propriety of
placing the question in such a form before it was
postponed, as to enable senators (such as desired
it) to discuss the whole merits of the tariff, in-
stead of restricting the debate to the preliminary
question of senatorial jurisdiction over revenue bills.
He was prepared so to modify his bill as to make
the debate legitimately in order.
Mr. ARCHER intimated a desire, as also did Mr.
MOREHEAD, to have the debate reopened upon
the merits of the bill.
Mr. EVANS suggested the impossibility of any
modification of the question, so as to bring the merits
of the tariff legitimately in order before the Senate.
After a few further remarks by Messrs. ARCHER,
EVANS, and HUNTINGTON,
Mr. HAYWOOD was understood to say, that if
the debate on the merits of the tariff was not to be
fully opened, but was to be restricted to the rejoin-
der by Mr. E^ans, he should resist every effort to
stop the debate. If the debate was to stop on one
side, it should also stop immediately 011 the other.
The subject was then postponed till Monday
next.
The Senate then agreed to the motion of Mr. Ar-
cher, and proceeded to the consideration of exec-
utive business; and after some time spent therein—
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 1, 1844.
The journal having been read—
The SPEAKER announced the first business in
order to be the report of the Select Committee on the
Rules, on which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
McCauslen] had the floor.
Mr. PATTERSON asked the House to take up
the resolution submitted by him some days since,
calling on the Post Office Department for certain in-
formation; in order that lie might amend it.
But the motion, being out of order, was not put.
Mr. McCAUSLEN, after a few remarks not
heard, said it appeared to him that on this question
gentlemen in the opposition had entirely mistaken
the character of this government, and the powers of
this House. They seemed to imagine that this
House was a great central power, ovei shadowing
all other departments of the government, and center-
ing m itself all the powers granted by the constitu-
tion, had been so fortunate—or, as some
