232
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. J\I. Brown.
H. of Reps.
electors, and the day on which they shall give their
Votes, which day shall be the same throughout the
United States."
In pursuance of this power, Congress, as early as
the 5th of March, 1792, passed "An act relative to
the election of a President and Vice President of the
United States, and declaring the officer who shall
act as President, in case of vacancies in the offices
both of President and Vice President."
The first section of this act, among^ other things,
provides that "electors shall be appointed in each
State for the election of a President and Vice Presi-
dent of the United States, within thirty-four days
preceding the first Wednesday in December, one
thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and within
thirty-four days preceding the first Wednesday in
December in every fourth year succeeding the last
election—which electors shall be equal to the num-
ber of senators and representatives to which the sev-
eral States may by law be entitled at the time when
the President and Vice President, thus to be chosen,
should come into office."
Now, the legislation of Congress here, again,
is not complete within itself: it requires State
legislation to carry it out. No day was
fixed for the appointment or election of electors of
President and Vice President of the United States.
The people, from this lay/, unaided by State legisla-
tion, could not know when to assemble and cast
their votes. The time was not fixed. It was to be
"within thirty-four days preceding the first Wednes-
day in December," but on which of these days was
undetermined, and left to State legislation. It was
in substance a direction to the State legislatures to
legislate as to time, but confining their action with-
in these thirty-four days. And yet no one ever
imagined that on this account tins law was uncon-
stitutional or void, and therefore not binding on the
States. This law, too, like the last referred to, was
signed and approved by George Washington; and
it was again recognised as valid by another act pass-
ed in 1804, and signed and approved by Thomas
Jefferson. The States have all, without exception,
obeyed its directions. It has been reserved for mod-
ern self-styled deemocracy to discover that legisla-
tion like this was void, and that the States have the
right, in their own sovereign pleasure, to nullify its
solemn provisions.
Now, sir, having closed what I designed saying of
tie constitutionality and obligatory force of this law,
I must express my deep abhorrence of this attempt-
ed outrage of the constitution; an outrage not the
less dangerous because of the subtle and spccious
pretences brought to its support; an outrage which,
if sustained by this House, will be an example of
the most flagrant violation of law and order ever at-
tempted or even threatened in this countiy; an ex-
ample which, if sustained by the people and carried
out ill practice, (which God forbid!) willfully justify
secession, nullification, and all the disorganizing and
abombinable doctrines which threaten our glorious
Union.
Sir, let me ask what would be the consequences
of the application of these disorganizing doctrines to
a case like the one to which I have already referred;
the arming and disciplining the militia of the United
States? Suppose the States, during the late war
with Great Britain, had taken the ground that they
would not obey the law of Congress which required
their respective legislatures to lay off military dis-
tricts; suppose the States, or a part of them, as
these four States now claim to do, had placed them-
selves above the law, and treated the enactments of
Congress with contempt: what would have been the
consequence' 1 demand a response from every
honest and patriotic bosom, what have been the
consequence? I leave every bosom, not only in this
House, but in this wide-spread republic, to decide
for itself. My feeble powers shall not attempt to
draw the picture.
And now, sir, I put the question—-will this House
sustain the constitution and laws, or will it sustain
these four States in their nullification? I had hoped
the days of nullification were gone. I had hoped
that the doctrine that each State had a right to judge
for itself of the constitutionality of laws of Congress,
and obey or disobey them at pleasure, would never
have found foothold within this Union a"ain I
thought this heresy was dead. But if thew four
States are sustained, then I must acknowledge my.
s.-lt mistaken. I shall be forced most reluctantly to
 inm that nullification was not dead, but sleeping;
.'..d that, refreshed from repose, it has come with
ic-newed zeal and increased strength to another tui-
jioly attack on the constitution.
Before closing my remarks, one or two topics
demand attention, which have been incidentally
drawn into this debate. The old party song of two
parties in the government—one for increasing and
the other for decreasing federal power—has been
sung over as though these catch-words were not
old, and stale, and worn out. The time has come
when self styled "democracy" can no longer sustain
itself by the use of names or epithets applied either
to itself or others. It has played this trick long
enough; the very boys understand ' it. Under the
name of "democrats," the leaders practise all man-
ner of federal principles. In the name of the people,
they attack popular rights; and under high preten-
sions of love for the people—the dear people—they
practise supreme love of themselves. To sustain
this, numberless facts might be referred to; but it
might seem out of order. The case under discus-
sion is enough.
Elections to Congress by single districts are cer-
tainly more republican and more democratic than
elections by general ticket. The district system
brings the representative and constituent near to-
gether—in immediate contact, and makes each ac-
quainted with the other. It establishes a sympathy
of interest and feeling which cannot exist in elec-
tions all over a State. It goes among the people,
and collects from the masses, by single districts, the
expressions of popular feeling and sentiment, and
brings them, through individual representatives, to
this House, where, as in a mirror, may be seen the
reflections of the popular will. Not so of the general
ticket system. That system reflects the will of
States rather than the will of the people. Different
parts of the same State may, and almost alway do,
have entirely distinct interests. And yet, under the
general-ticket system, the same representatives must
represent all. The constituent is bound to vote for
men he knows little or nothing of, and whose resi-
dence makes them the natural representatives of in-
terests at variance with his own. Not only this,
but candidates are packed on the people by caucus-
es and conventions in which they often have little
or no agency. A few, in fact, select for the many.
The government is thereby thrown into the hands
of those who make politics a trade; and who, by
packed conventions and party machinery, often
falsely pass off, as sanctioned by public opinion,
measures of which they are themselves the selfish
authors. The evil does not stop here. This sys-
tem cuts off the influence of large minorities, whose
voice can never reach the councils of the nation.
The State must all go one way. And though the
majority in the whole State be but one vote, never-
theless, this one vote must decide the complexion
of all the votes the State may be entitled to on the
floor of Congress. This large minority, wanting
only one of being equal to the power that governs
it, must go unrepresented, and not have a voice to
speak its opinions or its wants. The evil still goes
farther, lliis system, while it excludes representa-
tions of minorities, gives to small factions in a State
a dangerous influence. Take, for example, the ab-
olition vote in some of the States, numbering, per-
haps, only a few thousand; yet numbering enough
to hold the balance of power between the two great
contending political parties. This faction may say
to the contending parties, we hold the balance of
power, now make bids for us; whoever bids mont
will get our vote, and of course prevail. The temp-
tation to highly excited parties is great—it is danger-
ous; it is worthy of the special consideration of
southern men.
Again: The danger to the small States is over-
whelming. Let the great States of New York,
Pennsylvania, and Ohio, for example, adopt the
general ticket system, and where is the power of the
smaller States' These States electing by districts,
often, and indeed generally, by division, nearly neu-
tralize themselves. But let them change to the gen-
eral ticket system (and change they will, unless the
distiict system is introduced into all the States) and
present their undivided strength on this floor, and
the power of the small States will be swallowed up
and lost in this avalanche of power.
But it is not my purpose to discuss, at length, the
relati\e merits of these two systems. To prove the
district system to be most republican and democratic
is my purpose, and this requires no more than a
statement of the rase. It is plain and palpable.
Not only so, but it is the mode of election de-
manded by popular opinion. In nearly all the
States, the people desire to be represented by single
districts; but this system must be uniform in all Uie
States in order to be just and equal. Two or three
or four States, controlled by party machinery, de-
signed to gratify the ambition of certain leaders, re-
fuse to adopt this republican and democratic system
of election? What was to be done? Uniformity
was essential to perpetuate this system, and make it
just and equal. How was this to be attained? Only
by the action of Congress. The States could not,
or rather (a few of them) would not introduce' this
uniformity, and therefore Congress must, or else
this republican and democratic feature of our insti-
tutions, which brings the constituent and representa-
tive in immediate contact and acquaintance with
each other, making the representative the immediate
organ of the popular will instead of the will of
States, must be abandoned. The duty of appor-
tioning representatives under the sixth census de-
volved on the last Congress; and the importance of
producing uniformity in elections, by single dis-
tricts, throughout all the States, was palpable. The
perpetuation of this obviously republican mode of
making this House the true exponent of the popu-
lar will depended on the action of Congress. Every
high motive of patriotism, looking to the purity of
this popular feature of the government, demanded
action—immediate action. That Congress obeyed
the voice of patriotism, and passed the law in ques-
tion. It went no further than was necessary to ef-
fect this simple object. It declared that elections by
districts., should be uniform throughout all the States.
It did this, and no more. The laying off the dis-
tricts, and all other matters, are left to the States.
And now, sir, was this not right? Was it not es-
sential to preserve the purity of the popular princi-
ple which lies at the foundation of our system? I
warn gentlemen how they lay unholy hands on this
law. It contains a principle vital to our institutions.
There is a moral power in it they cannot resist. It
will make its way over their heads, and enthrone
itself in the hearts of the people. Georgia has al-
ready yielded. If the vote was now taken, it is be-
lieved Missouri would follow the example; and
there is every reason to hope the two remaining
States, on "second sober thought," will do the
same.
One other topic collaterally brought into this de-
bate, I must notice, before concluding the remarks
I have deemed it my duty to submit. The honora-
ble chairman of the Committee of Elections [Mr.
Elmer] has seen proper to arraign those of us who
signed a protest against those- elected by general-
ticket taking their seats. In language courteous
enough, but in terms implying strong censure, he
has arraigned us for having prejudged the case. I
may not precisely understand his meaning, but I
suppose it is that he objects to our expressing an
opinion before general debate on the subject. And
yet another of the same party to which that gentle-
man belongs, [Mr. Kennedy,] declared on this floor,
on yesterday, before the question was taken up, that
debate was useless, for every member of both parties
had made up his mind as to the vote he should give.
It seems, therefore, that the party to which that gen-
tleman belongs are themselves obnoxious to the
very charge they would bring against us.
But, sir, since we have been ariaigned because
we deemed it our solemn duty to protest against a
violation of law and order, I must notice more par-
ticularly the facts of the case. Those of us who
signed that protest, did so under a high sense of
duty. Certainly we had no unkind personal feel-
ings towards those who claimed seats through elec-
tions by general ticket; but our solemn conviction
was, they had no right to seats here. Our protest
was therefore drawn us in respectful language, but
expressive of our deep conviction of the truths it
contained. It was presented m a respectful manner.
There was not, on our part, the slightest desire to
produce delay or confusion. We believed we owed
it to ourselves, to our constituents, and to our coun-
tiy, to protest against what we deemed an unprece-
dented outrage upon the constitution. But, while
we deemed this our solemn duty, and unquestiona-
ble right, we acted respectfully to every one. That
our language was respectful, I appeal to the protest
itself. My name is among those who signed it and
I am proud that it is. It m my humble" service of
my constituents there should be nothing else to
which I look with peculiar satisfaction, I know I
know I can look to this, and point with conscious
pride to the fact, that though unable to save the con-
stitution and laws from violation, I at least entered
my most solemn protest against this outrage.
But, sir, how were we, and how was our most
respectful protest treated? A few facts will tell.
After the yeas and nays were taken on the motion to
