S?$ "°~SVfJHr'
CONGRESSIONAL
gentlemen may perhaps say, so unfortunate—
:as to have been taught in a different school. Where
.was the great central power of this government?
"VVas it here, in the representative branch of the na-
tional legislature? No: it was in the people, where
the power to wield the destinies of this republic was
centred; and Congress only derived its power in
the second degree from the people. If he under-
stood the nature of this government, Congress was -
organized for the purpose of carrying out the pow-
ers granted by the States, or the people of the
States, in a state capacity, and for the purpose of
doing and performing certain things for the people
or for the States. Then was there no limit to the
power of Congress.'' Yes, there was. It was ton-
fined within limits and bounds, beyond which it
could not pass. He would premise that he was oc-
cupying a position on this question somewhat differ-
ent from that of other gentlemen on both sides; and
lie acknowledged that he had not found that diffi-
culty, where constitutional scruples are involved,
that had been encountered by other gentlemen. He
viewed the question clearly as one of expediency,
and not of constitutional law, but one involving the
best interests of the country.
It had been said that, by refusing to receive peti-
tions of a certain character, the House denied the
right of petition. This was a very plausible argu-
ment, he admitted, and was calculated to make a
deep impression on party politics; but when he capie
to examine that question a little closer, it appeared
to stand out in a different point of view. Now, what
was the object of the discussion on the passage of this
rule? Itwas barely to decide the question of reception;
<ind the adoption of the rule decided it. It was act-
ing prospectively on petitions of a certain character;
•and. it was no less the action of the House because
it was prospective. But this left the question open
for designing men to mount it as a hobby, and ride
it for their own selfish purposes; and though he
voted for the rule, more because he was opposed to
agitating the question than for any other reason,
not finding any constitutional difficulties in the way,
yet he was willing to see it repealed; because, in-
stead of preventing agitation, as it was supposed it
would, it furnished additional food for it. He had
remarked that some gentlemen, in discussing this
question, seemed to mistake the nature of this gov-
ernment; and, in order to show to them distinctly
in what their mistake consisted, he would barely re-
fer the House to a remark of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Hudson.] That gentleman had
declared that Congress had the right of exclusive
jurisdiction over this District. This he denied.
Congress had the exclusive power of legislation over
the District—the power to make laws for it; but their
were other departments which had co-ordinate ju-
risdiction with it. What was it that Congress had
not the right to do? Why, it had not the right to
prevent the people of this District from petitioning
Congress. And what else had it no right to do?
Why, Congress could not abridge the freedom of
speech or of the press. Was tlieie anything else
Congress had no right to do? Yes, there was. It
had no right to deprive a man of his property in this
District. Gentlemen seem to have forgotten that
there were conditions which limited the power of
Congress in this matter. He would refer gentle-
men to the clause of the constitution which ap-
peared to him to cover the entire ground. The con-
stitution provided that no person "shall be deprived
of life, liberty, or property, without due process of
of law; nor shall private property be taken for
public use without just compensation."
Now, how could the people of this District be de-
prived of their property? By the act of Congress5
No; that question was to be settled by another
branch of the government now sitting in the Cap-
itol—the Supreme Court of the Unite*! States; and
by due process of law. Congress had no right to
enter upon and discharge the duties of another de-
partment of the government; and when gentlemen
said that they had the right to deprive the citizens of
this District of their property, why, they usurped
functions that did not belong to them, and establish-
ed a perfect despotism. Gentlemen seemed to for-
get that there are other departments in the govern-
ment which arc sustained by, and dependent on, the
constitution of the United States. What a speetaeie
would Congress present to the world, if they at-
tempted to arrogate to themselves all the powers of
all the departments of the government! Why, they
would not only make themselves rediculous in the
eyes of their constituents, but of the whole world.
But (said Mr.'M.,) let us examine for a moment
what kind of a thing this abolition hobby is;—for he
considered it one of the veriest hobby horses that
ever was ridden by a political demagogue. What
was it? Why, it presented itself indifferent por-
tions of the Union, under various forms and various
disguises. Sometimes it had been ridden double;
and under the passage of the 21st rule it had kicked
up; and now what was called the liberty party had
set up for themselves, and that was become a great
question. He had proof—and proof that gentlemen
must acknowledge to be correct—to show that this
liberty party was gotten up for political purposes.
Mr. M. here read the following extract from the
Baltimore Sun:
"Complimentary.—Mr. Lloyd Garrison, in the
last Liberator, says: 'Morally speaking, I am more and
more convinced by inquiry and conversation that the
ilberty party, as such, m New England, is utterly un-
principled, and the most insidious, and therefore
the most dangerous foe with which genuine anti-
slavery has to contend.* "
The honorable gentleman then proceeded to reply to
the position taken by other gentlemen on this subject,
more especially on that part of the subject which
embraces the right of petition; and contended that it
would be the least evil to receive, and refer, and re-
port upon these petitions. They were told that, if
this course were adopted, they should be flooded with
these petitions; but he could not conceive that the
state of things could be much worse than it was at
present. There was, he knew, a committee in one
part of this country, engaged in the preparation of
Eetitions that would evade the rule: and hence it was
etter to meet the subject fairly; for so long as they
attempted to smother the question, political dem-
agogues would take advantage of the circumstances.
He glanced at the course pursued by England on
this subject—a nation possessing great regard for
liberty while she enslaved her own white population.
The fact he apprehended to be, that England deem-
ed the question of slavery the one by which she
could the more easily assail the principles of our
government. It was not simply a question of phi-
lanthropy with that nation; for if it wgjye2 she had
objects enough on whom it could be exercised, in her
people, who had, unfortunately, less comforts than
the slaves of the South. He spoke of the govern-
ment of England as tyrannical and oppressive to her
own people; and he intimated that, amongst the op-
position in this House, there was a coincidence of
public policy which was not a little remarkable—a
policy which would oppiess the people with high
protective tariffs, national banks, and other systems
which amounted to class legislation.
He pursued this subject until he was cut short by
the expiration of his hour.
Messrs. GIDDINGS, and SEYMOUR of Con-
necticut simultaneously rose, and after some com er-
sation as to who was entitled to the floor, the Speaker
assigned it to
Mr. GIDDINGS, who proceeded to observe that
he had scarcely expected an opportunity to address
the House again upon this question, inasmuch as he
had made some ineffectual attempts to get the floor;
but having at length succeeded, he would now com-
. mence the course of remarks which he proposed to
submit to the House; and in doing so, he would firftf
take leave to express the gratification he felt at the
manner in which the discussion of this important
question had been conducted—for he considered it
an important question as it regarded the fu-
ture destinies of this country; at the cool and
deliberate and dispassionate manner in which gen-
tlemen from the various sections of the country had
seen lit to meet as friends, and compaie their ideas
upon this subject, which had been so frequently
called an incendiary and exciting subjcct, and one
which ought not to be discussed. It gave him great
gratification, for it showed him that they were ap-
proaching a very different state of things; that the
time had arrived when they could meet in that hall
as statesmen, worthy of the name, and in a spirit of
confidence and generosity of feeling, compare their
sentiments, and come to a mutual understanding.
He hailed the present appearances as the harbin-
ger of better times; and he believed the country
would rejoice at the indications which had been
manifested here.
As far as he was individually concerned, he was
not ignorant of the feeling which existed m regard
to himself personally; but he intended that if gentle-
men carried beyond that hall a feeling of ill will or
ofhostility towards him, it should not be attributed to
any want of courtesy or disposition on his part to
wound the feelings of any gentleman; and if the
course of remark which he felt compelled - to foltoW
upon this question gave offence —2-. ■. 1 ' ;
•The SPEAKER announced the expiration df jtfie
morning hour; and
Mr. McHAY then called for the orders of tKe
day; being the bill for the -
TRANSFER OF NAV.AJ, APPROPRIATIONS.
After some conversation as to the precise ques-
tion pending, it was determined by the Speaker to
be upon an amendment proposed by Mr. Milton
Brown to add the following:
"Nor shall such transfer be made from any head
of appropriation which may require another appro-
priation at any future time to supply the -defi-
ciency occasioned by such transfer."
Mr. M. BROWN said he had no desire-that the
question should be taken in any form which would
avoid a direct vote upon the question of authorizing
these transfers. The operation of the bill, if he cor-
rectly understood it, would be to take from a fund
which might be supplied by another appropriation;
in fact it was in reality a bill for the purpose of
increasing appropriations for the present fiscal year.
And it was because he believed such would be the
effect of the bill, that he had proposed the amend-
ment.
Mr. PARMENTER remarked that there was a
provision in the bill which would accomplish the
very purpose which the gentleman designed to effect
by his amendment. The bill itself provided that no'
transfer should be made from any fund of which the
unexpended balance would be required within the
fiscal year. The object of the gentleman was a prop-
er one; but the amendnlent was liable, from the broad
terms in which it was couched, to be misunderstood.
He could inform'the gentleman that it would not be
necessary to make any appropriation to supply a
deficiency occasioned by a transfer during the fiscal
year.
Mr. BARNARD made a few remarks in support
of the amendment.
The yeas and nays were then taken, and resulted
as follows—yeas 105, nays 58:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atkinson, Barringer, Barnard,
Boleer, Benton, Bidlack, Boyd, Jacob Brmkerhotf, Aaron
V Brown, Milton Brown, Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Cary,
Carroll, Reuben Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman, Cling-
man, Cobb, Coles, Collamer, Cranston, Cullom, Dana, Gar-
rett Davis, John W. Davis, Deberry, Dellet, Dickev, Dick-
inson, Dillingham, Dromgoolo, Duncan, Ficklin, Fish, Flor-
ence, Foot, French, Frick, Giddings, Willis Green, Grider,
Hale, Haralson, Harper, Henley, Hopkins, Houston, Hud-
son, Hughes. Hungerford, Washington Hunt, James B.
Hunt, Jameson, Jenks, Cave Johnson, Perley B. Johnson,
Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Daniel P. King, La-
„branehe, Lewis, Lucas, Lumpkin, McClelland, McCler-
nand, McConnell, Mcllvamo. Moisc, Moseley, Kes, New-
ton, Payne, Ramsey, Rathbun, Rayner, Charles M. Read,
David S. Reid, Rhett, Ritter, Robinson, Rogers, Schenck,
Senter, Severance, Albert Smith, John T. Smith, Caleb B.
Smith, Robert Smith, Steenrod, Stephens, Stiles, Stone,
Summers, 'ihomasson. Thompson, Tilden,Tyler, Vanmeter,
Vinton, Wheaton, White, and Joseph A. Wright—105.
NAYS—Messrs. Ashe, Bcardf.ley, Blackwell, Bossier.
Brodhead, William J. Brown. Campbell, Catlin, Chilton,
Richard D. Davis, Dean, Dunlap, Ellis, Elmer, Farlee, Fos-
ter, Gilmer, Gunnell, Hamlin, ilerrick, Huhbeli, Charles J.
Ingersoll, Joseph R. Ingersoll Preston King, Leonard, Mc-
Causlen, McDowell,McKay, Marsh, Mathews, Edward .J.
Moms, Murphy. Owen, Parmenter, Patterson. Elisha B.
Potter, Pratt, Purdy, Relfe, Russell, Saunders. Thomas H.
Seymour, David L Seymour, Simpson, Slidell, Stetson, John
Stewart, Strong, Sykes, Tajlor, Tibbatts, Wellcr, Wil
liams, Wilkms, Wmthrop, Wise, and Yost—58.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and to
be read a third time now; and it was read accordingly.
On the question of its passage, the yeas and nays
were taken, and resulted as follows—yeas 101, nays
68:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, .Anderson, Ashe, Atkinson,
Barringer. Beardslev, Benjamin Block. Edward J. Black,
Bossier, Bower. Bowhn, Brodhead, O Brown, W J. Brown,
Bufhngton, Burt, Caldwell, Campbell, Caiy, Carroll. Catlm,
C happell, Chilton, Clingman, Coles, Collamer, Gairett
Davis. R. D Davis, Dear, Dillingham. Dromgoole, Duncan,
Dunlap, Ellis, Elmer, Farlce, Foster, Frick, Giluitr, B\ram
Green, Grmnell, Hnlp, Herriek, Tfoliru'S. Hopkins, Hubard,
Hubbell, Hughes, Charles J. Ingersoll, Joseph R. Inger-
soll, Irvin, Jameson, Preston King, Damcl P. King, Kirk-
patrick, Labranche, Leonard, McCautlen, McDowell, Mcli-
vame, McKay, Marsh, Edward J. Morris, Murphy, Nes,
Owen, Parmenter, Elisha R. Potter, Emery D. Potter, Pratt,
Purdy, Relfe, Rhett. Rittex, Robmson, Russell, Sample,
Saunders, Thomas H Seymour, David L. Seymour, Simons,
Simpson, Steenrod, $tetson, John Stewart, Stone, Strong,
S>kv-s, Taylor. Tliomasson, Thompson, Tibbatts, WeileY,
Wheaton, White, Williams, Wilkins Wmthrop, Wise,
WilliamYWright. and Yost—101.
NAYS—Messrs. Barnard, Belser, Benton, Blackwell,
Bttyd, Jacob Biinkerhoft', Milton Brown, Burko. Reuben
Chapman, Augustus A Chapman, Cranston, Cullorn, D<ui9,
John W. Davis, Deberry, Dellet. Dickey, Douglass, Ficklin,
Fish, Florence, Foot, French, Giddings, Grider,
