220
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Haralson, Hardin, Harper, Houston, Hudson, Hungerford,
Washington Hunt, James B. Hunt, Jenks, Cave Johnson,
Perley B. Johnson, Andrew, Johnson, George W. Jones,
Lewis, Lucas, Lumpkin, McClelland, McConnell, Mathews,
Moseley, Newton, Norris, Patterson, Payne, Ramsey, Rath-
bun, Rayner, Charles M. Reed, David 3. Reid, Schencit,
Senter, Severance, Slidell, Albert Sjnith, Caleb B. Smith,
Robert Smith, Stephens, Summers, Tyler, Vanmeter, Yin-
ton, and Joseph A. Wright—68.
So the bill was
' Mr. BEl.SER desired permisssion to inquire of
the chairman of the Committee of Elections when
it was intention to move to take up the report made
by that committee on the subject of the return of
the return of members elected by general ticket, for
consideration.
Mr. ELMER rose to reply, but was prevented
by—
Mr. HUGHES, who moved that the House re-
solve itself into a Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, for the purpose of taking up the
resolution reported from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs respecting Oregon.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL moved a reconsideration
of the vote which had just been taken upon the pas-
sage of the naval appropriation transfer bill, and de-
manded the previous question.
The demand for the previous question not being
seconded, the motion was lost.
Mr. OWEN desired the postponement of all other
business, in order to go into committee in pursuance
of the motion of the gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. C. JOHNSON said he had no objection that
all other bills should be postponed except the first
upon the order of the day, which was that in rela-
tion to the Wyandott Indians.
The question being upon the engrossment and
third reading of the bill, it was taken, and decided
in the affirmative.
The question upon the passage of th® bill was
then put, and decided affirmatively.
Mr. CARY, from the Committee on Private Land
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of George W.
Allen and Reuben Allen; which was referred to the
Committee of the Whole, and made the order of the
day for to-morrow.
Mr, HUGHES renewed his motion to go into
Committee of the Whole; which motion prevailed,
and the House resolved itself into committee, (Mr.
Campbell in the chair.)
Mr. HUGHES then moved to take up the reso-
lution relative to Oregon; and upon this motion a
division was called; and the vote being taken by
tellers, (Messrs. Cljngman and McClernand,) re-
sulted thus: 59 in the affirmative, and 60 in the neg-
ative.
So the committee refused to consider the resolu-
tion.
Mr. McKAY moved to take up House bill 29,
making appropriations for the Indian department;
which was carried.
The bill having been read,
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON said he had an amend-
ment, which he had been instructed by the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs to offer.
The CHAIR said that the rule required the bill
to be actcd on by clauses, and the gentleman must
reserve his amendment until the clause it applied to
was reached.
After some conversation between Messrs. C.
JOHNSON, DROOMGOOLE, and DICKEY,
The Clerk proceeded with reading the bill by
clauses till he came to the following clause: "for the
necessary buildings required at the'several agencies,
and repairs thereof authorized by the act of June
18, 1834, $2,000.
Mr. McICAY moved to strike out this item.
Since the bill was reported, he had learned from the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs that there would
be an unexpended balance of a former appropriation
on his hands sufficient for the objects in that item of
the appropriations to last during the present fiscal
year.
The clause was accordingly stricken out.
The Clerk continued reading till he came to the
following clause: "for permanent annuity stipulated
in the 4th article of the treaty of the 7tli August,
1791." ' b '
Mr. G-IDD1NGS said he should like to inquire of
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
what was the consideration which the government
received for the permanent annuity which was pro-
posed to be given in this article.
Mr, McKAY replied that it was impossible for
him to say at this moment what induced the stipu-
lation w this or any other treaty the government
had entered into. All he csuld now say was, that
he and two other members of the committee carefully
compared the items in this bill, with the treaty stip-
ulations on which they were based, and found them
to be correct. The treaty was made by the execu-
tive, with the advice and consent of the Senate, and
was the law of the land; and the faith of the govern-
ment was pledged to fulfil it. The gentleman could
refer to the treaty and ascertain this matter for him-
self.
Mr. GIDDINGS said he would ask the gentleman
if the condition was not for the return of negroes,
and for which they were now making this appro-
priation of money.
Mr. McKAY said that he had no information on
this subject farther than what he had already given.
The gentleman was much more deeply interested in
matters of this sort than he was; and he was sur-
prised that he had not made himself acquainted
with such facts as were necessary for his purpose.
Mr. GIDDINGS then moved ttf strike out the
clause. He read extracts from treaties, to
show that this item was stipulated to be paid to the
Creek nation for the return of negro slaves. Hav-
ing made his explanation, he withdrew his motion.
Mr. C. JOHNSON said that the gentleman had
not stated the objects of the treaty correctly. The
sum stipulated was to pay the Indians for a large
tract of land, which they had ceded to the govern-
ment, and not for the purpose the gentleman stated.
There were stipulations that the Indians should pay
for the negroes and other property they had stolen;
and this was to be deducted from the price of the
land, and that was all.
The next item was as follows: "for permanent an-
nuity, stipulated in the second article of the treaty
of 16th June, 1802, $3,000."
Mr. GIDDINGS made a like motion and spcech
on this item.
Mr. PAYNE denied that this sum was paid for
slaves, and said it was for the land which they
ceded to the general government. The object of
the gentleman from Ohio was quite as fair in this as
it was in reading a letter of Cassius M. Clay to his
constituent^', in a way to induce them to believe that
it was written by Henry Clay.
Mr. DROMGOOLE wished the House and the
country to understand, that the gentleman from Ohio
had made a motion to strike out an item of this bill,
which was, in effect, a motion to violate the public
faith; and on this he had hung a speech for political
effect. If the gentleman was not in earnest, (as he
had a right to presume he was not, by withdrawing
the first motion,) his object was to trifle with the
House by making a speech for political effect. One
or the other of these objects the gentleman had in
view, and he wished the country to understand it.
It was either to violate a treaty stipulation, and
break the pledged faith of the nation, or else to get
in a speech for political effect, based on a fictitious
motion.
Mr. GIDDINGS said that he was here as the
representative of freemen, with a high moral duty to
perform, and was not to be deterred from the dis-
charge of it by personal assaults.
Mr. DROMGOOLE. Surely I made no personal
assault on the gentleman. 1 said nothing that was
riot strictly parliamentary.
Mr. GIDDINGS continued that he had a right to
bring this matter to the notice of the country; and
he wished them to be informed that one of the con-
ditions on which this treaty was made was the pay-
ment for captured slaves. He had no apology to
make to the member from Alabama; for lie stood
fearless in the discharge of his duty, and was not to
be intimidated by anything that could be said on
that floor. Having attained the object he had in
view, he would withdraw his motion.
Mr. PAYNE replied that the gentleman was mis-
taken in supposing that he could make political cap-
ictal out of this matter. It was well known that the
appropriation was in pursuance of the stipulations
of a treaty that had been in existence for years, and
the payments annually made; and that the considera-
tion was for a large tract of territory ceded by the
Indians. As to the stipulation of payment for slaves,
it was for slaves they had stolen, and was on the
same principle that provision was made for other
stolen property to be deducted out of the money to
be paid the Indians. As to the gentleman saying
that he owed him no apology, why, he would scorn
to accept one from him.
The CHAIR said that it was not in order to make
personal allusions.
He (Mr. P.) would refrain, on this occasion, frcm
saying what his feelings would induce him to say;
and barely add, that the facts being now known, the
gentleman might make what political capital he
pleased of it.
Mr. GIDDINGS was proceeding to reply, when
he was called to order, on the ground that there was
no motion before the committee.
Mr. HARALSON observed that he would pro-
pose to the House to allow the gentleman from Ohio
full liberty to write out a speech, and circulate^ it
among his own constituents, and make what politi-
cal capital he pleased of it. This would be a great
saving of time to the House; and he therefore
moved that the committee rise.
The committee then rose, and
The House adjourned.
The following petitions, presented to-day, were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By Mr. NORRIS: The memorial of Gen. John
McNeil, asking for arrears of pension on account
of wounds received in the battle of Bridgewater,
January 25, 1814; and for injuries received in the
United States service at Chicago, in December, 1822,
while m command at that post.
By Mr. IRVIN: The memorial of B. Leas, and
100 others, citizens of Huntingdon and Bedford
counties, Pa., praying for the establishment of a
pqst route from Orbisonia, in Huntingdon county,
to Fort Lyttleton, in Bedford county -
By Mr. FICKLIN: The preamble and resolu-
tions of the legislature of the State of Illinois, pray-
ing a grant of land on the line of the Northern
Cross rail-road, in the State of Illinois; and a com-
munication from J. J. Peddicord on the same sub-
ject: referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
By Mr. A. V. BROWN: The petition of Mr.
Owen Lloyd, of Hardin county, Te., praying a pen-
sion for his revolutionary services: referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
By Mr. FISH: Petition of A. Hathaway for the
redemption of a treasury note alleged to have been
cancelled, but which exhibits no mark of cancella-
tion.
By Mr. WILLIAMS- The petition of Horatio
C. Merriam, and others, of Massachusetts, in rela-
to the operation of the tariff upon the agriculture of
the country; and for the appropriation of the Smith-
sonian bequest for the purposes of agricultural edu-
cation.
By Mr. RATHBUN: The petition of Noyes Pal-
mer, and 190 others, citizens of Cayuga county, N.
Y., praying for the reduction of the present rates of
postage, and for the abolishment of the franking
privilege.
By Mr. JA.COB BRINKERHOFF: The petition
of Ira Carpenter, praying compensation for losses
of property during the late war: referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims. The petition of citizens of Green-
field, Huron county, Ohio, praying an appropria-
tion for the harbor of Sandusky: referred to the
Committee on Commerce. Petition of certain cit-
izens of Huron county, praying a distribution of
the public lands to non-freeholders: referred to the
Committee on Public Lands. Petition from citizens
of Huron county, Ohio, praying an appropriation
for the repair ana improvement of Huron harbor, on
Lake Erie: referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
By Mr. TYLER: The petition of Charles Beggs,
Samuel Brown, and others, citizens of Chatauque
county, New York, praying for an appropriation
for repairing the public works at Dunkirk harbor,
New York.
By Mr. JOHN W. DAVIS: The petition of Jesse
L. Davis, and 29 other citizens of Indiana, asking a
post route from Washington to Carlisle, via Ed-
wardsport and Robbm's Prairie. Also, the petition
of John R. Stone, and 65 other citizens of Lawrence
county, Indiana, asking an extension of mail route
No. 3,940. Also, the petition of Robert Hoggatt,
and 81 other citizens of Vigo county, Indiana, ask-
ing a donation of land to improve the navigation of
the Wabash river.
By Mr. ATKINSON: Memorial of Miles King
and others, praying the payment of certain claims
that havffi accrued under his agency as navy agent at
Norfolk: referred to the Committee of Claims.
By Mr. RAMSEY: The petition of Robert Dick-
ey, of Hajjpsburg, Pennsylvania, heir of Lieutenant
William Dickey, for compensation for services ren-
dered during the revolutionary war.
Mr. THOMPSON withdrew from the files the
