$2$
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
has presented to you the finished scholar—the
eminent lawyer—the profound judge—the distin-
guished senator—the firm patriot—the constant
friend—the honorable man—the brilliant con-
verser—the social, cheerful, Vitty companion. He
has presented to you the ripe fruit, of which 1 saw
the early blossom, and of which I felt the assurance,
more than thirty years ago, that it would ripen
into the golden fruit which we have all beheld.
Mr. President, this is no vain or empty ceremo-
nial in which the Senate is now engaged. Honors
to the illustrious dead go beyond the discharge of a
debt of justice to them, and the rendition of conso-
lation to their friends: they become lessons and ex-
amples for the living. The story of their humble
beginning, and noble conclusion, is an example to
be followed, and an incitement to be felt. And
where shall we find an example more worthy of
imitation, or more full of encouragement, than in
the life and character of Alexander Porter?—a lad
of tender age—an orphan with a widowed mother
and younger children—the father martyred in the
cause of freedom—an exile before he was ten years
old—an ocean to be crossed, and a strange land to
be seen, and a wilderness of a thousand miles to be
penetrated before he could find a resting place for
the sole of his foot: then education to be acquired,
support to be earned, and even citizenship to be
gained, before he could make his own talents availa-
ble to his support: conquering all these difficulties
by his own exertions, and the aid of an affectionate
uncle—(I will name him, for the benefactor of
youth deserves to be named, and named with honor
m the highest places)—with no other aid but that
of an uncle's kindness, Mr. Alexander Porter, sen.,
merchant of Nashville, also an emigrant from Ire-
land, and full of the generous qualities which be-
long to the children of that soil: this lad, an exile
and orphan from the Old "World, thus starling in the
New World, with everything to gain before it could
be enjoyed, soon attained every earthly object,
either'brilliant or substantial, for which we live* and
struggle in this life. Honors, fortune, friends; the
highest professional and political distinction; long a
supreme judge in his adopted State; twice a senator
in the Congress of the United States—wearing all
his honors fresh and growing to the last moment nf
ltis life—and the announcement of his death follow-
ed by the adjournment of the two Houses of the
A merican Congress! - What a noble and crowning
conclusion to a beginning so humble, and so appa-
rently hopeless! Honors to such a life—the honors
which we now pay to the memory of Senator Por-
ter—are not mere offerings to the dead, or mere
consolations to the feelings of surviving friends and
relations: they go further, and become incentives
and inducements to the ingenuous youth of the
present and succeeding generations, encouraging
their hopes, and firing their spirits with a generous
emulation.
Nor do the benefits of these honors stop with in-
dividuals, nor even with masses, or generations of
men. They are not confined to persons, but rise to
institutions—to the noble republican institutions
under which such things can be! Republican gov-
ernment itself—that government which holds man
together in the proud state of equality and liberty—
this government is benefited by the exhibition of
the examples such as we now celebiatc, and by
the rendition of the honors such as we now pay.
Our deceased brother .senator has honored and ben-
efited our free republican institutions by the man-
ner m which he has advanced himself under them;
and we make manifest that benefit Ly the honors
which we pay luiu. He Las gken a proeu.-ai illus-
tration of she working of our free, and equal, and
elective foim of government; and our honors pro-
claim the nature of that working. What if, done m
this chamber is not done in a coiner, but on a lofty
eminence, seen of all people. Europe, as well a*
America, v.ill fee how our form ofgoNeimoent har
worked in the person of an orphan, exiled boy. f eck-
mg refuge in the land which give .3 to vutue and tal-
ent all that thev will evor ask---tlie tree ur:c of their
cwn exert.ons for their own advancement.
Our deceased brother was not an American citi-
zen by the accident of birth: he beer,me so by the
choice of his own will, qnd by the operation of our
laws. The events of his life, a.id the business of
this day, show this title to citizenship to be as valid
in our America as it was 111 the great republic of an-
tiquity. I borrow the thought, not the language of
Cicero, in his pleading tor the poet Archias, when I
place the citizen who becomes eo by kuv and choice,
on an equal footing with the citizen who becomes so
by chance. And, in the instance now before us,
we may .say that our adopted citizen has repaid us
for the liberality of our laws': that he has added to the
stock of our national character by the contributions
which he has brought to it in the purity of his pri-'
vate life—the eminence of his public services—the
ardor of his patriotism, and the elegant productions
of his mind.
And here let me say—and I say it wkh pride and
satisfaction—our deceased brother Senator loved and
admired his adopted country, with a love and admira
tion increasi ng with his age, and with his better know-
ledge of the countries of the Old World. A few
years ago, and after he had obtained great honor
and fortune in this country, he returned on a visit
to his native land, and to the continent of Europe.
It was an occasion of honest exultation for the orphan
emigrant boy to return to the land of his fathers, rich
111 the goods of this life, and clothed with the honors
of the American Senate. But the visit was a mel-
ancholy one to him. His soul sickcned at the state
of his fellow man in the Old World, (I had it from
his own lips;) and he returned from that visit with
stronger feelings than ever in favor of his adopted
country. New honor awaited him here—that of a
seeond election to the American Senate. But of
this he was not permitted to taste; and the proceed-
ings of this day announce his second "brief eleva-
tion to this body, and his departure from it through
the gloomy portals of death, and the radient temple
of enduring fame.
The question was put, and the resolutions were
unanimously agreed to; and
The Senate (according to previous agreement)
adjourned till Monday next.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 2, 1844.
The journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. THOMPSON announced the arrival of his
colleague, Mr. Tilchman H. Tucker; who, after
being sworn, took his seat.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON, on leave, offered the fol-
lowing resolution; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of em-
ploying a portion of the navy, and the officers and
seamen, in removing the snags, and keeping open
the Mississippi and Missouri rivers.
Mr. SAUNDERS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill for the relief of Joseph
Ramsey; which was referred to the Committee of
the Whole, and made the order of the day for to-
morrow, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ADAMS called for the orders of the day.
REPORT ON RULES.
The House proceeded to the consideration of the
report on rules.
Mr GIDD1NGS being entitled to the floor, pro-
ceeded to address the House.
We have arrived (said Mr. G.) at that stage 0
our duties in the progress of legislation, where we
find ourselves unfortunately divided upon a ques-
tion which, as I remarked yesterday, deemed by
many of great importance. That question has been
so frequently stated and restated, that it is unneces-
sary for me to say more than that it is simply
whether we shall retain what was formerly the
twenty-first but now the twenty-fifth rule, which
excludes from our consideration petitions of a cer-
tain character—petitions that had been denomi-
nated abolition petitions. But in the. progress of the
rcmaiks which 1 shall make upon this question, I
eha'l not use no 7 of those terms about v. Inch men
are apt to dnhr. It is my intention to speak of
things as they are. And here let me take occasion
to sciv that the term "abolition" is one whnh ought
not to 2nd a place in the discussions 'if this House.
No two men piobably undeistand the same thing by
the term abohtiun; 011c attaches to it one Gcer«, and
another another; end therefore L shall a\o-d the
ure of the- term altogether; botwd! f,u.lea . oi, when-
ever I comment on the peculiar character ot the pe-
titions, to comment upon them as to the subject-mat-
ter of the prayer. The whole difference of opinion
reijardii!9c the" receiving of these petition*, arises
front the different views which we entertain of the
rights and dimes of the governments of the several
htates respecting the institution of slavery. And !
may say this difference of sentiment if? not new. It
' has existed fiom the time of the adoption of the
constitution, although there has been silence im-
posed upon its discussion for a period of forty
I years. This restraint upon discussion and investi-
gation has led to the state of feeling which notf
exists; a# I think,' therefore, that we should go-
back to the origin of the whole matter—to the adop-
tion of the constitution—and see how far our minds
agree as to the rights which are due to the States
and to the people of the South, as well as to those
of the North, in order to ascertain and develop the
true point in controversy between us, and place
the question before the world in such a manner
that it may be clearly understood.
We should be unworthy the character of states-
men if we lack the moral courage and ability to ap-
proach the question in a liberal spirit, and with en-
lightened views and feelings endeavor to divest it of
all which has heretofore seemed to render its discus-
sion disagreeable: I say we should coolly examine
and ascertain the point on which we differ; for I de-
clare to you that I cannot this day point out precise-
ly wherein we differ. I have compared my ideas
upon the subjcct, with those of the slaveholders of
the South—men of honor and of candor—with whom
I have conversed, and I am yet unable to lay my
hand on the principle which they deny and I main-
tain, or which they maintain and I deny. It is time
that we should understand each other, and ifwe disa-
gree, it is time we should know in what respect we
disagree; the point of our disagreement should be
ascertained. And now I will ask the attention of
southern gentlemen here, whilst I proceed to give
my views regarding the constitutional rights of the
several States of the Union, in regard to slavery;
and I hope that gentlemen will meet the arguments
which I shall advance, if they deem them
worthy of being answered, and refute them if
they can be refuted. And first, I say, that at the
formation of the constitution, the same difficulty
existed among the members of the convention
which exists among us to-day. Up to the time
of the formation of the constitution, the States of
this confederacy had the right to dispose of the
subject of slavery precisely as every government
has the right to dispose of all its institutions accord-
ing to its own will, or the will of the people. Up
to the time of the formation of the constitution,
your State, Mr. Speaker, held her institution of
slavery as independently of any other State or power
now within this confederacy, as she did independ-
ently of England. There was no power in the
Northern States to interfere in any respect. And
I ask, may I not lay it down as the doctrine
which you hold, in common with southern men,
that there was no power on earth which could
rightfully interfere with the institutions of one
of your States—Virginiaf, or example? The su-
preme will of your people guided your councils, and
you continued the institution of slavery, according
to their supreme dictation. Massachusetts, at the
dictation of her people, saw fit at an early day to
strike the skackles from her slaves. Scarcely had
the smoke ascended from her battle fields, before
she set them free. There was no portion of the
face of the earth which could interfer with her, at
the time she did this, in respect to the abolition of
her slaves, or of any other of her institutions. She
was as independent and supreme as Virginia was.
They stood on the. same broad level. Therfi was
110 distinction; they were acting under the dictation
of no other power, but the will of their own people,
At the time of the formation of the constitution—
and here I think southern gentlemen will agree with
me—it was distinctly put forth as on ultimatum
that the institution of slavery should never be inter-
fered with. The members of the convention were
authorised to enter into any compact by which
not
the eontroi of the ituiion of slavey ; ho aid be
surrendered to the faieial govi rumenf; and I ardc if
you do not no■*-, in the State of "Virgmn, retail1, pit-
over !!i;\ institution of
cisebT that unlimited pov
slawv that you did
constitution5 Hnve
th?t pr>we;?
I now come to the
compelled to (i'Sigrei
now lay >t down as r
the free States n tarn
empt from the >n
epect. And here,
nor to the formation of the
•'-1 parted with any portion of
 t where gentlemen will be
ee vvTilh iA''. if they do at all. 5
n principle, thru the people
0\1 the right of be jr., tiArjlv ey
tiiitmn^ of slavery m evnyr*-
i fei.tlcmen take issue with me.
I am ready to meet jhem. i maintain that the peo-
ple of the northern State* trunendereti to the federal
govemmrr-r iiioie power to involve them m the
Mippou of '.U^ery than 5 on did to involve the
southern Stater, m the abolition of slavery. This is
no new doctrine-, n i- the dot trine which I have at
all times *:>n:famed in public speeches, in mv wri-
tings, and in pri\ate conversation—that we of the
