F<&. 1844,
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE."
287
28th Cong "1st Sess.
Oregon Territory—Mr. Atchison.
, Senate.
to put down their own craft; and no doubt exists "
that fall pric.es are given in the estimates of the wit- 1
nesses. The estimates have been made by different
workmen, having no motive to misrepresent, some
before the execution of the work, and others with-
out the knowledge of the prices offered or fixed upon;
vet there is a striking uniformity and evident fairness
exhibited through all of them. They bear on their front
the impress of truth. They came from four or five
different persons, all disconnected, and without any '
reason to suppose that they were at all swerved
from truth by interest in the matter.
The estimates for paper by three different per-
sons, unconnected, and without interest in the
matter, and who made their estimates separate-
ly, show that prices were fixed, or nearly so,
and that more than double prices have been paid by
Congress; and that much more has been charged
than the number of the maps lithographed indica-
ted. This was manifest to the committee without
the testimony of witnesses, by the simple rule of
enumeration. For thfs article of paper there has
been paid four thousand seven hundred and forty-one
dollars, when it could have been furnished for nine-
teen hundred and seventy-one dollars in the market of
this city, which is believed to be essentially higher
than'could be had from the manufacturers; thus giv-
ing a profit of twenty-nine hundred and seventy dollars.
The evidence regarding lithographic printing was
also positive, and showed that government had paid
sixhj-seuen hundred and forty-seven dollars, when it
should not have cost over nineteen hundred and Hvelve
dollars, a difference offorty-eight hundred and thirty-five.
Another item of account, though small, is
worthy of attention, as exhibiting a neglect of duty
on the part of the former officer of the House, or the
Committee on Account1?, or both. It was a charge
of ffty dollars for assorting;, putting up, and deliver-
ing six boxes of the Texas boundary map. This
could not have cost over six dollars—exhibiting a
profit of forty-four dollars. The committee found only
one establishment which charged for the delivery
of their work, and this had been paid one hundred
und thirty-seven dollars during the last three years.
This is adduced not for its amount, but for its
novelty, and the disposition manifested to obtain
government money wrongfully.
There are other charges for work executed
for the 20th and 27th Congresses, exhibiting most
gross impositions, if not frauds, practised upon
the House, and confirmed, too, by evidence from the
Register of the Treasury, and the testimony of those
who performed the work for the contractor by the
day or by the piece. The map or chart of Beaufort
harbor cost the government for lithographing alone
f1,400; the aitist executed the whole job for $87.
"he chart of Cape Fear river cost the government
$2,500; the artist executed it for $125. The govern-
ment paid for lithographing Wilmington harbor
$4,000; the artist executed the same for $150. The
government paid for lithographing the cbart of Ty-
bee bar ftf>,400; the artist's price who executed itVas
$250. 'the government paid for lithographing the
charts of the bar and bay of St. Joseph's and Ship
Island inlet $1,200; the artist did the same for $175.
Now foot up these sums, and you will find that,
for lithographing these six charts, the government
has paid the sum of fourteen thousand fivt hundred
dollars to the contractor, when the contractor has
paid for doing all this work only seven hundred and
eighty ($780) dollars, showing a profit of $13,720—
more than 1,800 per cent., allowing for shop rent
and materials. And, sir, this does not include
the profit on the paper, printing, or coloring
the same. This is not the opinion that this work
could have been done for these sums, or that it may
in future he done for the same, but the person
swears he executed every poitinn of this work, entirely
and alone, except Tybee bar, in which he had little
assistance, and received the several puma just stated.
He swears positively, and stands ready to show, by
his books and accounts,^ and date, for all these slate-
mcnts; and his character is, moreover, said to be ir-
reproachable, and his reputation unsullied, .The
entire truth of this testimony is, m fact, sustained
by the estimates of other witnesses as not very far
from the real worth of such work. "With all these
facts before them, the committee did not think prop-
er to apply the term of fiaud to the persons concern-
ed; but, sir, these facts go to establish most incon-
testably that the contractor was at least a very "smart
fellowHe had the faculty to get large prices and
to pay small ones; and if blame is to attach, I lea\e
this House to say to whom. I am sure the govern-
ment has not? in all cases, intrusted their interests
to a "smarter fellow" than this contractor seems to
be, if to an honester. It is astonishing how these
abuses have been perpetrated, while successive com-
mittees have had the subject under consideration.
There was a committee appointed during the last
Congress to take into consideration the Texas boun-
dary map, and though they found the grossest impo-
sitions and disregard of the orders of this House to
suspend that work, the contractor went on without
authority, finished, and obtained pay for the same,
amounting to over twenty-seven hundred dollars,\vhen
it was in proof before the committee that the same
map was offered to be furnished for less than seven"
teen hundred dollars.,
There is another important fact to which I would
direct your attention; and that is, that not less than
$40,000 out of $56,000, expended for maps and
charts by this House, during the last four years,
has been thrown away on "account of the size or
scale on which they have been executed. Their
size is,such as to preclude their being spread in the
cabin of any common vessel. The charts to enter
some of the harbors on our seaboard, are some
seven to fifteen feet in length, and they are now
lumbering this Capitol in stacks, and not^worth tak-
ing away. They were made, sir, for the benefit of
the map and chart trade; and for nothing else could
they have been designed. They have answered
that purpose, and are now cast aside and trodden
under foot as waste paper, and arc useless, unless
a few of them may be of service to deposite in the
several State archives. As evidence of the truth
of this, I will state that 5,000 copies of Province-
town harbor were furnished to this House for $14,-
750, of which an immense pile now remain in this
Capitol; that the marine insurance companies of
Boston employed the same engraver who furnished
the chart for this House, to reduce the same, which
he did, and furnished 500 copies for $500; which
shows the worthlcssness of this large chart; and
that 5,000 copies of a proper size ought to be fur-
nished for less than $2,000; which would have
saved the government, on this single chart, £12,750.
Another not less important matter, Air. S. said,
he would bring to the notice of the House, and that
was, the amount during the last four years which
had been paid for engraving plates, and for plates
included, which was $31,734, for the Senate and
House; and if this was proper data for twenty-four
years, which was less than the time this work had
been £oing on, it would amount to the enormous
sum of $190,404, and the government is not, it is
said, in possession of any part of this property—a
remissness unaccountable to me, and must be as-
cribed to some other cause than vigilance for the pub-
lic interest. These plates are held by those who
had received pay for them long ago, and yet the peo«
pie are called upon to pay for many such annually.
The plates for maps to accompany the land com-
missioner's annual report, have been long engraved,
and but few of them require touching from year
to year, and those but slightly. These have ever
been in the possession of the artist, who has had his
pay for them; and when those maps arc called for,
he alone claims to furnish them, because he has the
plates, and he who be more deserving and ne-
cessitous is supplanted in his efforts to obtain the
woik, being opposed by him who has the advan-
tage of the plates ready in his hands. Hence the
government annually jiays for these plates instead of
procuring the maps printed on them at a trifling ex-
pense. These plates, especially for charts and
boundaries, might be preserved tor half a century,
and remain of the same value for impressions, if the
present number should become exhausted; and the
copper of others is valuable, and well worth pre-
serving. Another fact also exists; which is, that
many maps and charts are caused to be engraved
or lithographed by the Senate, and afterwards ordered
to be engraved or lithographed for the House, incur-
ring double expense. One plate should be used for
both Houses; and to effect this it is roily necessary
to have, tins committee co-operate with a like one
from the Senate, when this evil will l.c remedied.
In conclusion, (said Mr. S.,) the committee have,
after considerable labor, discovered the evils repre-
sented, and unanimously agreed oil the report before
the House, and in favor of the adoption of the reso-
lution under consideration; and it was to be "hoped
that in these days, when reform was professed to be
the order of the day, and retrenchment saluted the ear
from every quarter, no one, and especially of the
majority of this House, would be found opposing
tins effort to correct these most glaring abuses; for
on the majority rested the responsibility,
SPEECH OF ATCHISON,
of missouri.
In Senate, February 22, 1844.—On the- resolution oi
Mr. Semple in relation to the Oregon Territory. -
The following resolution, offered by Mr. Sempie,
being under consideration:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to give notice to the British govern-
ment that is the desire of the government of the
United States to annul and abrogate the provisions
of the third article of the convention concluded be-
tween the government of the United States of Amer-
ica and his Britannic Majesty the King of the United
Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland on the 20th
October, 1818, and indefinitely continued between
the same parties, signed at London the 6th August,
1827.
Mr. ATCHISON addressed the Senate as fol-
lows :
Mr. President." I will not long trespass upon the
forbearance of senators, in giving my views on the
subject of this resolution. The great delay and afn
parent reluctance to enter upon its discussion, had
rather led me to despond of any action whatever.
But, for the last few days, despondency has yield-
ed to hope, particularly since the remarks of a sena-
tor from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bates,] on another
subject, when he vindicated with so much zeal and'
fire", the interests of the manufacturing portion of his
constituents. When a subject involving no princi-
ple but that of profit and loss, dollars and cents, will
elicit from senators so much zeal, so much elo-
quence,—what may we not expect from them when
they approach a question of national interest, of na-
tional honor, and upon which an empire is at stake*
Before I proceed to the discussion of the resolu-
tion just read, I must be permitted for myself, and
those senators who act with me upon this important
subject, to repel some imputations or misconcep-
tions as to the motives which prompt us to action.
The chairman of the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations, (the senator from Virginia,) in his remarks
upon this resolution, said: "Thiat the senators from
the western States were resolved on having thia Ter-
ritory; whether the whole is incontestable or not,,
were they resolved to have it, at the cost of the peace
of this nation. He did not mean to use discourtesy,,
but he could not help declaring that it had pressed it-,
self on his mind, that they had so highly excited and
inflamed their imaginations on the subject, that even
if an arrangement could be made with Great Britain
to surrender peaceable possession of the country,
the gentlemen would be almost unwilling to accept,
it, because it was not obtained at the expense of a
■war with England. That it was not so much a de-"
sire for the territory itself, as a feeling of chivalry—
a desire to run a muck at Great Britain—no matter
which side came off victorious." Again, the sena-
tor says: "This was a confession of peace he was
willing: to make—although born south of Mason
and Dixon's line—that he would rather obtain the
rights of the nation, in relation to the Oregon Terri-
tory, without war, and without any vaporing spirit,
not called for by the occasion," &c.
I have read the senator's remarks, as I find them
reported in the Congressional Globe; and which, •
from my own recollection, I believe to be substan-
tially correct. Had those remarks been confined to
this chamber, I would now let them pass; but they
have gone forth to the world. Western senators,
have also been denounced, in some of the most in-
fluential and widely circulated journals published in
the United States, as having conspired together to
plunge this country into a war with England—and
that, too, for the sordid and inglorious purpose of
reaping pecuniary advantage. The imputation is
unfounded, and carries its refutation on its face.
Who will believe, for one moment, that such cold-
blooded and heartless sentiments should harbor m
the breast of an American senator, or should be en-
tertained by an American citizen—that, for the sake
of gold, we would subject our beloved country to all
the ravages and misery attendant upon war?
1 do not believe that the honorable senator intend-
ed to impute such motives to us: his remarks were
made under the excitement and in the heat of de-
bate when there was no time to weigh the full im-
port, meaning, and force of words and phrases; but
they have gone forth to the world, and such has
been the construction put upon them. The remarks
apply to the West alone—no senatorfromany other
section of the Union being noticed—though others
are equally favorable to the measures proposed, Ij).
