APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Oregon Territory—Mr. Jltckison.
Senate.
answer to the senator, I will ask him whether the
trade and commerce of .the West will not suffer
equally -with that of every other portion of the
Union, in the event of war? Will we not be com-
pelled to contribute our proportion of men and mo-
ney to the defence of the country, and the prosecu-
tion of the war? I will refer the senator to the his-
tory of our last war with England. Was the West
then exempted from the ravages of war? Did west-
fern men dwell in peace, secure from the operation of
British arms? No, sir. The Northwest and the
Sotfthwe§t were the great battle-fields of that war.
It was in the remote regions of the then infant West,
and by western arms, that our most glorious victories
were won—our brightest laurels achieved; it was there
that our country sustained the most disastrous and
bloody defeats. But, sir, it is said that the seaboard
would be exposed to all the hazards and disasters of
the conflict. In answer to this, I will refer gentle-
men to the map of North America. Will not the
States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, Missou-
ri, and Arkansas, together with the Territories of
Iowa and Wisconsin, fn the Northwest, be as much
exposed to the operations of British arms, and those
of her savage allies, as the seaboard?
The senator from Virginia says that "it is not so
much a desire for the territory itself, as a feeling of
chivalry—a wish to 'rim a muck' at Great Britain,
no matter which side comes off victorious." I sup-
pose the senator, by this, means to say that we
would madly and unadvisedly adopt such measures
as must inevitably lead to war; that our "chivalry"
exceeds our discretion; that we go farther than he
is willing to go; that he would rather have the terri-
tory without war, and without any "vaporing" spir-
it, not called for by the occasion.
History teaches us that chivalry, if it is consti-
tuted of courage, fortitude, justice, courtesy, a spirit
of enterprise and adventure, is not confined to any
parallels of latitude or longitude. Those qualities
are not engendered by either heat or cold: they are
moral qualities, that flourish in all climes, and are
to be found under every garb. They are possessed
by the great body of the people of the United
States—whether to the north or to the south of Ma-
son and Dixon's line—whether west or east of ths
Alleghany mountains.
We have not conspired together to plunge our
country into a war with England; but, sir, we hare
conspired together to maintain the unity of our terri-
tory, and the rights of our country. We are re-
solved that our territory shall not be dismembered,
either by negotiation or by force, if we can prevent
it; and X trust that branches of this conspiracy ex-
tend to the North and to the South.
The senator from Virginia says that we are un-
willing to obtain the country by negotiation, or oth-
er peaceablc means: we must have it at the expense
of the peace of this nation; we must have it at the
price of a war. No, sir; this is not our object. We
are of the opinion that the country is ours'; that we
have an indefeasible right thereto—a title without a
flaw; wc believe that the honor and the interest of
the country, and justice to our citizens, demand that
this government should adopt measures that will en-
courage and lead to the occupation of the Oregon
Territory by our citizens.
We believe that the first step proper to be taken,
although not absolutely necessary, is to give the no-
tice to the British government required by the treaty
of 1827. Then will the right of British subjects to
occupy the Oregon Territory, in common with
American citizens, cease—a right acquired under the
convention of 1818. We will then be thrown back
upon our undoubted title to the country; then, and
not till then, will wo have regained all the advan-
tages we have lost by our unfortunate negotiations
in relation to that country. This government can
then adopt such measures as shall be deemed right
and proper, without fear of a breach of faith, with-
out violating any treaty obligation.
We are assured that if we stand still with our
arms folded—if we will but wait a little longer, it will
all be settled by negotiation. This we have been
told for the last twenty years, time and again. We
have been deceived; we are tired of this kind of di-
plomacy.
What have we to gam by negotiation with Great
Britain^ Experience teaches us that we have all to
lose, and nothing to gain, by negotiation with that
power; and that, too, whether our demands be just
or unjust, whether our title be good or bad. What
can we expect from a negotiation concerning a re-
mote territory—a territory near forty-live hundred
jjwles from this city—when we, but a short time
tsnce, surrended a large portion of the territory of
one of the States of this Union? I allude to the
State of Maine and the Ashburton treaty—a treaty
made in this city, and ratified in this chamber. We
have but little hope of obtaining anything like jus-
tice, or even the semblance of justice, by a negotia-
tion with England.
The treaty made between this government and
Great Britain in the year 1818, so far as relates to
our claims on the northwest coast of America,' was
unfortunate for the interests of this country; so was
the treaty of 1827, and so has been every proposi-
tion to treat upon this ' subject. At almost every
step we have committed a blunder. Our title, which
was perfectly good, perfectly clear, before negotia-
tions commenced, has now, by reason of those very
negotiations, become somewhat complicated.
The treaty of London, entered into on the 20th of
October, 1818, the third article of which this reso-
lution proposes to annul and abrogate, is in these
words:
"Art. 3d. It is agreed that any country that may
be claimed by either party on the northwest coast of
America, westward of the Stony mountains, shall,
together with its harbors, bays, and creeks, and the
navigation of all rivers within the same, be free and
open for the term of ten years, from the date of the
signature of this present convention, to the vessels,
cttizens, and subjects of the two powers: it being
understood that this agreement is not to be con-
strued to the prejudice of any claim which either of
the twO contracting powers may have to any part of
the said country; the only object of the high contract-
ing parties, in that respect, being to prevent disputes
and differences among themselves."
The first and second articles of the convention
between this government and Great Britain, entered
into in the year 1827, as follows:
"Art. 1. All the provisions of the 3d article of
the convention concluded between the United States
of America and his Majesty the king of the United
Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, on the 20th
of October, 1818, shall be, and they are hereby, con-
tinued in force in the same manner, as if all the pro-
visions of the said article were herein specifically re-
cited.
"Art. 2. It shall be competent, however, to either
of the contracting parties, in case either should
think fit, at any time after the 20th of October, 1828,
on giving due notice of twelve, months to the other
contracting party, to annul and abrogate this conven-
tion, and it shall, in such case, be accordingly an-
nulled and abrogated after the expiration of the said
term of notice."
The only saving and beneficial clause in either
treaty, so far as the interest of this government was
concerned, is the clause authorizing the abrogation
of the treaty by giving twelve months' notice. We
should avail ourselves without delay of the benefit
of that clause. We can only do so by passing
this resolution. The reasons for entering into the
treaty of 1818 were much stronger than those
for entering into the treaty of 1827. At the time the
convention of 1818 was ratified, our title was not
perfected; but, even then, it was indisputably good
against England, although there was an outstanding
title in Spain, good against all the world. We claimed
the country, and based our title, as against England,
upon our right acquired from Prance by the pur-
chase of Louisiana in the year 1803, and from the
discovery of the mouth of the Columbia river by an
American citizen, (Captain Grey, of Boston,) in the
month of May, 1792. He sailed up the river s^m.e
disiance, surveyed the const on both sides of llie
river, and bestowed the name of Ins vessel upon it,
which it has borne from that day until this. In the
years 1805 and 1806 the river was also explored by
Lewis and Clark, Amei trail citizens in the serv.ee
of their government, from its sources in the S'ony
mountains to the Pacific ocean. But [do not pro-
pose to discuss the title, further than to mention the
sources from whence we derive it. Bv a treaty
with Spam 111 the. year 1819, we acquired her title to
all the country on the northwest coast of America,
north of the parallel of 42 degrees of north latitude,
and extending as for north as fil degrees of north
latitude. ^ Spain acquiied her title by a series of
discoveries, commencing in the vear 1532, a short
time after the conquest of Mexico, beginning at the
Gulf of California, and extending her discoveries as
far north as 61 degrees, performing every act neces-
sary to be done by the law of nations to give her a
good title to the countries discovered by her. This
can be shown conclusively when the proper time
arrives.
The treaty of 1818, without any consideration
whatever, granted to British subjects a joint right to
occupy the Oregon Territory with our citizens; but
this occupancy has been joint only in terms, but sev-
eral in, fact. The benefits of the provisions of this
treaty have enured solely to British subjects; and,
from the very nature of things, could not h? other-
wise. In the year 1810, Mr. Astor, a merchant of
New York, established at the mouth of the Colum-
bia river a depot for the purpose of carrying on the
fur trade; and in the years 1811, '12, and'13, his
trading establishments were extended to several
points on the Celumbia river and its tributaries,
and a successful trade established. In the mean
time, war having been declared between the United
States and Great Britain, in the year 1813 Mr. As-
tor's establishments on the Columbia river and its
tributaries were broken up, and surrendered to a
British armed force; and then, for the.first time, the
country fell into the possession of the British gov-
ernment, and American citizens were expelled from
the country. Between the year 1813 and the year
1818, the Hudson Bay company took possession of
the whole country, established posts for the pur-
pose of trade in almost every part of it, and conse-
quently obtained an influence over the various In-
dian tribes not to be shaken; and, and by means of
their great capital, their influence with the Indians,
and the additional advantages of bringing their
merchandise free of duty into the country, they
broke down all competition. Our citizens, notwith-
standing their perseverance and enterprise, were un-
able to compete with the British fur companies, and
were compelled to abandon the country; so that the
joint occupancy resulted to the almost exclusive ben-
efit of British subjects. Indeed, the only occupan-
cy on the part of American citizens, until within a
few years past, has been confined to a few fur-trap,
pers and missionaries. With all these facts before
them, our rulers negotiated the, treaty of 1827.
British subjects have had the almost exclusive en-
joyment of that territory—and that, too, by virtue of
negotiation, not of right.
Efforts have been made by our government to
settle our rights to the Oregon Territory with Eng-
land, at various times. The territory in dispute be-
tween the two governments, lies between the par-
allel of 42° and 54° 40' nsrth latitude, extending-
from ihe Rocky Mountains on the east, to the Pa-
cific ocean on the west. Both governments having by
treaty ceded to Russia all their claims north of 54°
40', in 1823 Mr. Adams (then Secretary of State)
instructed our minister to offer to the British gov-
ernment the parallel of latitude 51° north, as our
northern boundary in the Oregon Territory, for the
reason that it included the entire valley of the Co-
lumbia river. This proposition was rejected; then
the parallel of 49° was offered; and this proposition,
made with a view to conciliate, was also rejected with
contempt. And let it be borne in mind that Eng-
land set up no exclusive claim to the territory; she
only insisted that the country was open to the whole
world; whilst the United States claimed the exclu-
sive right to the country, under the various titles
heretofore stated. When all propositions made by
our government were thus unceremoniously rejected,
the question was asked of the British government,
What portion of the territory will satisfy you? The
answer was: Although we set up no exclusive claim
to the country, wc are willing to extend the 49th
parallel of latitude due west, until it intersects the
most northeastern branch of the Columbia river, and
from thence, with the river, to its mouth. A very
modest and reasonable proposition, indeed, to come
from a party who setup no exclvsice right to the
country! A pioposition leaving the United States
with a front on the Pacific ocean of 4° 18'—and
that, too, without a harbor on the whole coast that
would shelter a canoe! reserving to herself 22' of
latitude, extending along the coast of the Pacific, and
embracing some of the best harbors on the western
coast of America, the complete command of the
mouth of the Columbia river, and which would give
them an island almost as large as Great Britain itself!
This proposition was too monstrous to be enter-
tained by even this most pacific of all governments;
though I have, reason to believe that the proposition
was rejected by the then administration, as is plainly
intimated, lest the people should not approve, and
the Senate refuse to ratify the bargain.
But, sir, England referred the joint occupation of
the country—a partnership—-rather than the propo-
sition submitted by herself; for she knew that this
joint, occupation would exist nowhere but upon the
parchment on which the treaty was written—that
