Feb. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Oregon Territory—Mr. Atchison.
<$39
the entire use and control of the country would be
hers in fact.
Another objection urged by the senator from
Virginia—for, in his brief remarks the other day,
lie embraced all the objections urged to this resolu-
tion—is, that courtesy forbids its adoption, or any
Other action on the part of this government at this
time. And why? The British government, upon
our own invitation, he says, has sent a special min-
ister with full powers to, settle all this matter; he
comes clothed in the white garments of peace, bear-
ing the olive-branch in his hands. Sir, I, for one,
fear (and I believe that the people of the United
States fear) a British "negotiator" more than I or
they fear British arms or British power. We have
been met with this argument, or similar ones, for
the last quarter of a century. Whenever we pro-
pose action upon this subject, the ready answer is,
that we are precipitate; the matter, if left aloiu, will
be settled to our satisfaction by negotiation—a nego-
tiation "about to be commence'd," or "pending;" or,
that we will violate some treaty stipulation
already existing; or, that the country is not
worth contending for; -or, that the representative
form of government is not adapted to so wide-spread
a territory—we are already too umvieldly for our
form of government! Such arguments are but mere
pretences to avoid action. Why do not senators at
once avow their unwillingness again to struggle
with British power; that we will yield our rights to
the Territory—that we will yield our interests, our
honor, rather than again encounter the claws of the
British lion?
I will tell senators that western men will not be
satisfied nor convinced with such arguments. Sir, I
have witnessed *he deep anxiety, the intense feeling
exhibited by the pioneers of the Par West'—men
•who live upon the very verge of civilization—when
the contest about our northeastern boundary was in
progress; when men were looking to their arms as
the most appropriate means of settling that question.
On post days, when the mail was expected to bring
news from the East, the hardy and chivalrous sons
of the Far West would assemble around their post
offices, and, with the deepest anxiety, inquire the,
news from Maine. A deeper anxiety could not
have been felt or expressed, if their own beloved
State had been threatened with dismemberment.
Maine had our deepest sympathy; and we would
gladly have rushed to assist her in repelling the in-
vader from her soil.
If an honorable senator now upon this floor could
have hcaid the commendations heaped upon him by
the honest yeomanry of the West, for the manly
position he had taken and occupied during that con-
troversy, and knew the deep interest they take in
the Oregon question, he would not content himself
with barely voting for this resolution, but he would
advocate it,. I allude to the late Governor of the
State of Maine. I cannot describe the burst of in-
dignation—the, deep feelings of mortification—which
were exhibited, when it was understood that a trea-
ty had been ratified, and that we had yielded one
inch of the territory in dispute. We are—we should
be—tired of negotiation, when it is attended with
nothing but loss and disgrace.
But I confess that I do not see in what manner
the passage of this resolution can affect negotiations.
I see no want of courtesy to England, or to the Brit-
ish minister. This resolution was offered in the
Senate long before we heard of a special minister;
and shall the action of the American Senate depend
upon the going and coming of British ministers? The
treaty of 1827 expressly provides that when either
party becomes dissatisfied with the bargain, they
may annul and abrogate it by giving twelve, months'
previous notice. In my humble opinion, instead
of retarding or preventing negotiations, it will
hasten them. It will be one evidence that the. Uni-
ted States is in earnest—that we are resolved to as-
sert our rights to the Oregon Territory. I have my
doubts whether there is the least desire on the part
of England to treat at all upon the subject: let her
alone for a few years, and the country will be hers
—and that without negotiation; she will then be in
a condition to hold it. Trapping and trading for
furs has, m a great degree, ceased to be profitable in
those regions; agriculture and commerce is the bu-
siness to which British subjects are now turning
their attention. Let either England or the United
States settle the Oregon Territory with a population
of ten or fifteen thousand arms-bearing men, and it
will be a most difficult matter to dispossess them.
This England is doing; this can we do—and that
m a very short time—by adopting the proper meas-
Senate.
ures, and such measures as England cannot com-
plain of; such measures as she herself has adopted;
and measures, too, that will not trench very deeply
upon the treasury. Give us the countenance of our
government give us your protection—give us gov-
! ernment and laws, and we will soon fill up "the
! country; we will take possession of it, and we will
I keep that possession; do but assure us that we will
I not be traded off—that we are not to become British
! subjects —that we are to remain members of this
, still glorious republic,—we will take possession, and
i we will keep that possession in defiance of British
; power. The great mass of the. American people
are still uncorrupted: trade, commerce, speculation,
and the love of dollars and cents, have not as yet be-
come the all-absorbing passion: such sentiments as
national honor, national glory, and patriotism, still
reign paramount in their bosoms.
You may tell them that the Oregon Territory is a
desert waste; you may tell them that the only road
to that country is through vast plains of burning
sands; of the broad and deep rivers in their way; of
the snow-capped mountains that must be sealed; you
may array before them the countless bands of fierce
and savage warriors to be encountered:—all this will
only hasten their preparations; men, women, und
children, all partake of the common feeling-—all are
governed by the same noble impulses. The deep
and broad river, the trackless wilderness, the snow-
capped mountain, the war-whoop, the tomahawk
and scalping-knife, danger and peril, only nerve
them to the enterprise." This spirit of adventure
and enterprise alone has settled this vast wilderness
of the West with her now teeming millions; and tins
will settle all that immense territory of ours to the
Pacific ocean—and that, too, before this generation
passes away. "Let Congress only take'some step
towards the occupation ot- Oregon,'1 writes an intel-
ligent farmer of the Par West, "and the prairies of
the West will present the scene of the crusade of
Peter the Hermit; our wagons and people will be
strung along the road in one unbroken column, from
the frontiers of Missouri to the Rocky mountains,
like the Goths and Huns of old; a nation will em-
igrate, not for (lie purpose of destroying, but of
building up empires."
Mr. President, I will vote for this resolution, be-
cause it will leai. e us free to act untrammelled by
treaties; but, at the same time, I am of the opinion
that we can establish military posts in the Oregon
Territory, and march an army there, without vio-
lating any treaty. This right, if I mistake not, has
been admitted by England, but accompanied with
the threat, that if the United States sent soldiers
there, England would do the same. We can grant
land to our citizens, without disturbing the joint oc-
cupancy authorized alone for the, purpose of trade;
we can organize a government for civil purposes,
without disturbing the rights of British subjects un-
der the treaty. Sir, this England has done; she
has extended her laws, not only over the Oregon
Territory, but over the whole territory east of the
Rocky mountains, to the frontiers of Iowa, Mis-
souri, and Arkansas. This act of the British Par-
liament was passed m the year 1821. The sixth
section of the act reads as follows:
uJlnd be. it further enacted, That, from and after
the passing of this act, the courts of judicature now
existing,_ or which may be hereafter established, in
the province of Upper Canada, shall have the same
civil jurisdiction, power, and authority, as well in
the cognizance of suits, as in the issuing process,
mesne and final, and in all other respects whatsoever,
within the said Indian territories, and other parts of
.America, not within the limits of either of the prov-
inces of Lower or Upper Canada, or of any civil
government of the United States, as the said courts
have, or are invested with, within the limits of the
said provinces of Lower and Upper Canada, respec-
tively," &e.
The same section provides that actions relating to
lands, not within Upper Canada, shall be decided
according to the laws of England. The eighth sec-
tion of the same act provides that persons residing
in the Indian territories, who shall refuse to obey
process, shall be committed and conveyed to Upper
Canada, &c. The tenth section authorizes his
Majesty to appoint justices of the peace for said ter-
ritories The eleventh section authorizes his Ma-
jesty to issue commissions, under the great seal,
empowering justices to hold courts of record for the
trial of criminal and civil offences. Section twelve
defines the jurisdiction of the courts established in
the preceding sections; their civil jurisdiction is
limited to ^200; and where the offence committed
shall subject the offender to capital punishment or
transportation, then the territorial judges are re-
quired to send the offender to Upper Canada for trial.
I will ask senators whether England has not violated
the treaty by that act. Oh, no, sir; but if this Con-
gress should propose any measures of like character,
we should hear the cry raised in this chamber that
we were about to violate a solemn treaty—the alarm
would be sounded—war would be the- inevitable
consequence—our seaboard would be endangered 
we should be about "to run a muck at England."
England has extended her laws over a country to
which she did not pretend to have jurisdiction; and
those laws, in their operation, are not confined to
her o%vn subjects; but an American citizen may
felon-like, be dragged in chains to Upper Canada
upon a charge of having committed ail offence
against British laws upon American soil! And will
our government longer permit such things to exist?
The honor of our country forbids it.
But it is said that our rights to the Oregon Ter-
ritory will soon be settled by negotiation. What
assurance have we for that, when the President
himself seems to be in a state of uncertainty in re-
gard to this matter? In his message to Congress, in
1849, we are informed that this subject was about
to be negotiated; at the same session, this was as-
signed as a reason for not answering a respectful
call made upon him for information, by the Senate,
in relation to this very matter. The President, in
his message to this Congress, informs us that ne-
gotiations are about to commence at London; and
now we are informed by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, that the British gov-
ernment has appointed a special minister, or a min-
ister with full powers, to settle this dispute; and
that the subject will be entered upon in a very short
time at Washington. In the early part of this ses-
sion, a resolution was introduced by an honorable
senator from Ohio, asking the President for in
formation upon this subject; but this resolution was
voted down, and now we are left to grope our \Vay
in the dark. I can see no good reason why this ne-
gotiation should be carried on in the dark—should
be concealed from the Senate. I hope that our gov-
ernment will ask nothing but what is right and just,
and that no propositions will be entertained but such
as are based upon just and honest principles.
But, sir, tliis phantom of war seems to haunt the
imaginations of Senators opposed to this resolution.
The goddess Bellona—the horrid goddess—clothed
in her most awful garb, seems constantly to flit be-
fore their eyes; this distressing idea seems to have
taken as complete possession of imagination of some
senators, as chivalry has that of others.
If, in the prosecution of our just designs, upon
our own soil, in our own country, we should be so
unfortunate as to incur the wrath of England, and
war should follow, let it come—ay, sir, let it come, in
all its most destructive forms. It may so happen
that, whilst England is warring for a remote corner
of the globe, to which she has not the shadow of a
claim, she may lose what she has upon this con-
tinent.
Instead of indulging myself in drawing pictures
of our cities stormed, sacked, and burnt, and the
seaboard ravaged, and my ears stunned with the
thunder of British cannon and the clash of Brit-
ish bayonets, I indulge in other and brighter vis-
ions We will drive the English from this conti-
nent, and from the islands appertaining to it. j see
American arms triumphant m every battle, both by
land and sea. I further imagine that England has
filled the measure of her iniquity; and, like all other
nations which have gone before her, grasping at
universal dominion, in the midst of her pride and
her power she must speedily fall.
Sir, I would war with England,in thedefence of our
just rights, until she was shorn of all her power on
this continent; and then we would have vindicated
the great principle laid down by Mr. Monroe, in his
seventh annual message—that the "American conti-
nents were no longer open to European coloniza-
tion." The very power of England is a reason,
with us, to submit to no wrong from her. Suppose
we substitute a sister republic (Mexico) for Eng-
land, as to her right to the Oregon Territory: what
would then be the state of affairs? The President,
perhaps, would have recommended to Congress to
provide the means, and give him the authority to
take immediate possession of the country; and we
should then, perhaps, find eastern senators as full of
chivalry, and as warlike, as western senators. I
would submit to wrong and injury from no patiot)
