APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1844,
S28th Cong.. ..1st Sess.
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Campbell,.
H. of Reps
of the earth; but least of all from- England. I will,
ujJon this floor—in this hall—candidly avow, that
if, in the course of events, we must have war, let it
be with England, oiir. ancient and inveterate enemy.
I think we could strike a harder blow, and with
moire hearty good-will. We.could encourage each
other with the recital of the many-wrongs and inju-
, ries which we have received at her hands, ia peace
and in war, in youth and in manhood. Yes, sir; if
we are to have war, let it be with England; she is a
foe worthy of oiir arms.
Whether this'government will assist and encour-
age-her citizens, ornot, in the settlement of this ter-
ritory, they will da it—your power cannot check it.
You might as well attempt to turn the waters of the
Missouri river back upon its sources in the Rocky
mountains, as to turn back the flood of population
from the shores of the Pacific ocean; the Allegha-
nies may be piled upon the Rocky mountains, and
our people wdl scale them. The march of empire
is westward; nothing will, nothing can check it!
Unless this government shall take some decisive
step very soon, a contest between American citi-
zens awj British subjects will be inevitable. The
germ's of a collision Already exist, and it requires but
a little more to bring about a conflict. The first
scalp that shall be taken, the first drop of blood that
is shed, will bring about that very war which is so
much dreaded.
SPEECH OF MR. CAMPBELL,
op south carolina.
In the House of Representatives, February 1 7, 1844.—
On the right of petition.
Mr. Adams's report from the Select Committee
on revising the rules of the House having been taken
up, as the orders of the day for the morning hour,
and the question being on the motion of Mr. Black,
of Georgia, to amend a motion to recommit the re-
port, by instructing the committee to reinsert the
following rule: "No petition, memorial, resolution,
or other paper, praying the abolition of slavery m
the District of Columbia, or any State or Territory,
or the slave trade between the States or Territories
of the United States in which it now exists, shall
be received by this House, or entertained in any
way whatever."
Mr. CAMPBELL addressed the House as fol-
lows:
Mr. Speaker: Several gentlemen who have
spoken in opposition to the instructions under con-
sideration, and particularly the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Winthrop,] have displayed
much parliamentary learning in endeavoring to
maintain their position; but 'it has fared with the
gentleman and his friends as it did with the object
of Hudibras's satire—
"Whose eun, when shot at duck or plover,
Flew back, and knocked the owner over.'1
Indeed, so directly in point are some of the ex-
amples referred to by the gentleman, that I am al-
most disposed to think that we have mistaken his
true position; and that instead of being an enemy
to the 25th rule, he is a friend in disguise.
Here Mr. C. read from Mr. Winthrop's speech
two rules quoted from Hatsell—one of them de-
claring that the British House of Commons "would
receive no petitions against a bill, actually pending,
for imposing taxes or duties;" the other, "that
they would receive no petitions for grants or appro-
priations of money, relating to the public seivice,
not recommended by the Crown."
These two rules, and the practice under them, 50
as far as any precedents of the British House of
Commons can go, to establish the fact that all legis-
lative bodies have a right to regulate their proceed-
ings upon petitions, as well as upon other subjects;
and may properly, in anticipation of the presenta-
tion of vexatious petitions, upon which they are
determined not to legislate, adopt rulei refusing to
receive them.
But even if the precedents quoted by the gentle-
man tended to sustain his position, (winch they do
not,) I would, confining myself to a j^ermd the in-
cidents of which are still fresh in the memory of
every gentleman on this floor, appeal from the high
authority to which he has referred, to authority still
higher; from the practice of the British House of
Commons, to the practice of the American House of
Representatives. And, so far as the argument is
concerned, I will appeal from the opinions now ex-
pressed, to the opinions of the gentleman and his
friends, as solemnly expressed, by their recorded
votes, during the first session of the last Congress.
Mr. C. having the Journals before him, here re-
ferred to the Patton resolution, the result of a con-
ference of southern gentlemen, adopted at the second
session of the 25th Congress; to the Atherton
resolutions, the result of a meetiiag of democratic
members, adopted at the third session of the same
Congress; to the celebrated 21st (now the25th) rule,
adopted at the first session of the 26th Congress,
and re-adopted at every session since then, except at
the first session of the last Congress, when it
was superseded by a rule much more comprehen-
sive, to which he intended now to refer. In the
House of Representatives of the 27th, or last
Congress, that party, the members of which in the
non-slaveholding States have ever vaunted them-
selves the defenders and champions of the right of
petition, held a decided majority; and yet, almost at
the very commencement of the first session of that
Congress, a rule was adopted by an exclusive whig vole,
which prohibited the reception of all petitions, except
upon subjects referred to in the President's message., or
upon the subject of bankruptcy. This rule went far,
very far beyond the rule now under consideration.
By it, not only were abolition petitions, but petitions
upon a great variety of subjects over which Con-
gress has acknowledged jurisdiction, refused to be
received. This rule was opposed by every demo-
crat, and voted for by every member of the whig party
then present, except the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Adams.] It was voted for by every gen-
tleman who has preceded me on the opposite side of
this question, and who was then a member of Con-
gress.
Having alluded to these general rules, 1 will now
refer to the action of the House upon a few single
petitions; and, in doing so, it is not my intention to
recall unpleasant recollections, but to support my
position by examples. During the second session
of the last Congress, the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Adams] presented a petition, which the
House not only refused to receive, by a majority of
166 to 40, but a resolution was immediately intro-
duced to censure him.
"As chieftain, wh;n the warder calls
To arms, the foemcn storm the walls"—
the gentleman sprang to his defence. But, in the
long and elaborate defence upon which he entered,
he, perhaps, for the first time in his life, more resem-
bled the stag, than the lion at bay. Upon the fre-
quent occasions on which he yielded the floor, in the
course of his defence, for motions to lay the subject
on the table, and thus to get rid of it by an indirect
vote, he appeared to me to be anxiously seeking for
a covert where he could find refuge from his pursu-
ers; and well might he do so; for the avengers of the
insulted dignity of the House, led on by a Gilmer
and a Marshall, were behind him. I voted against
every motion to lay the subject on the table, not that
I really desired that a vote of censure should be
finally passed upon the gentleman, but that the sub-
ject might be kept before the country until the at-
tention of the whole people should be directed to the
dangerous and criminal extent to which the pretend-
ed right of petition had been carried.
I do not charge intentional impropriety; but the
very fact that a gentleman of high standing and repu-
tation could be induced to believe that it was his du-
ty to present, and move to refer, so nefarious a peti-
tion, affords the strongest evidence of the necessity
of a rule for their exclusion.
Upon the question of reception being raised a few
days afterwards on a similar petition, presented by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Giddin'i.s] who
seems to have an aptitude in following bad exam-
ples, the affirmative vote was only 26; and since the
commencement of the present session—indeed within
the last four weeks—this House lias refused, in at
least half a down instances, to receive single peti-
tions.
Now, what right had we to refuse to receive either
one or all these petitions, that we haie not to refuse
to receive the petitions embraced within the provi-
sions of the 25th rule5 It may be said that two or
three of the^e petitions praved for a dissolution of
the Union. It is true they did, but in doing so,
they only prayed for the accomplishment, by peace-
ful means, of the same atrocious object to which the
petitions excluded by the 25th rule directly tend,
through scenes of contention and blood.
1 hope that those gentlemen from the non-slave-
holding States, who are still disposed to stand up in
defence of the compromises of the constitution, and
in defence of the 25th rule, will neither forget the
comprehensive whig rule of the 1st session of the
27th Congress, to which I have referred, nor the votes
upon the reception of these petitions, in several of
which, all parties united by'overwhelming majorities
to-enter up a record upon our journals, declaring, in
effect, that the 25th rule is not, in their opinion, un-
constitutional. If we have a right to refuse to re-
ceive a single petition, we have, on the same prin-
ciple, a right to adopt a rule refusing to receive a
class of petitions all relating t j the same subject.
I will now refer to a vote by which, on my mo-
tion, acting as the organ of one of the standing com-
mittees of this House, a petition was, a few weeks
ago, srdered by a large majority to be returned to
the gentleman who had presented it, on the ground
"that it was of a class of cases embraced within the
prohibitions of the 25th rule." This vote was not a
test of the expediency, but it was a very decisive test
of the constitutionality of that rule; aiid no gentle-
man who supported the motion, can now properly
plead, in bar of his vote for the rule, its want of
constitutionality. I invite the attention of gentle-
men to this point, because, much to my surprise,
one or two who voted to return the petition, for the
reason stated, have argued, in the course of this de-
bate, that the rule was unconstitutional. The posi-
tion is not one of technicality, but goes to the
merits of the case. It is this: The constitution be-
ing of paramount obligation, all rules in violation of
it are null and void; and no gentleman can vote to
enforce a rule which he believes to be unconstitu-
tional, without violating the oath which he took on
his first introduction into this House to support that
instrument..
I am unwilling to believe, notwithstanding the
unfavorable appearances exhibited in the early part
of this debate, that gentlemen who have thus, in
effect, acknowledged the constitutionality of the
25th rule, will abandon the position so long and so
successfully maintained, and, in the hour of ■vic-
tory, acknowledge that their opponents were right,
and that they were wrong. Such a course would
be a stigma upon our illustrious predecessors of the
democratic party. It would be treason to the party
itself. I will not say what would be the probable
effect of such a course upon political parties at the
South; much less will I attempt to say what would
be its effect at the North.
If there is one non-slaveholding State in which
the democracy have been more distinguished than
in any other for their support of this and kindred
rules, it is the State of New Hampshire; and al-
though with them it has been my fortune recently
to differ upon an important subject, I honor them
for their unselfish devotion to principle, and feel
proud that they are my countrymen. There, in-
deed, the democracy have stood erect. There, if 1
may be allowed a simile, I will say that the democ-
racy of the North, like the live oak of the South,
"regardless of the prevailing winds, has shot out its
branches in all .directions, offering no weather-gage
to the storm, and refusing to bend to its influence!"
Although almost the birth-place of abolition, the
effect has been that the noxious weed has been al-
most entirely exterminated in her granite soil. I
ask the gentleman from that State, who sits before
me, if the democratic party of New Hampshire
have not gained ground by the manly, patriotic course
which they have pursued upon this subject? [Mr.
Bi'rke, the gentleman appealed to, answered m the
affirmative.]
I will not say to the democtacy of the other nop-
slavcholdnig States, Do likewise,"ami your conduct
will be rewarded with similar siv. ces. I am not
sufficiently acquainted with the local circumstances
by which they are surrounded, to presume to ad-
vise them; and if I was, my judgment would be in-
competent to the task. But leaving all other con-
siderations out of view, the people of this country
have the right to demand of the party in power,
that the business of the session shall not he retarded,
and perpetually interfered with by the agitation of a
subject on which it is admitted, "011 all hands, that
we are determined not to legislate.
It is too late, Mr. Speaker, to discuss the poln y
of the course adopted by our predecessors, and folS
lowed by ourselves, 111 relation to the reception of abo-
lition petitions. Whether originally wise or not, a re-
treat from the position assumed upon this subject
would be regarded by the abolitionists as an evidence
that their principles were extending on this floor, and
encourage them to persevere in their wild attemps
against the peace of the South, and the integ-
rity of the Union. On the other hand, if this*
