■-M/-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
' -tx
227
A. Stevens, asking an appropriation of mongy, to aid
him in carrying into effect certain experiments with
a view to the improvements of models of steam ves-
sels: referred "to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. FOSTER presented additional evidence in
support of a claim of name not heard; which
was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
On motion by Mr. JARNAGIN, the Commit-
tee on Pensions was discharged from the considera-
tion of the petition of the widow of William C. Mc-
Call and it was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs. l|
Mr. JARNAGIN, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, moved that that committee be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the memo-
rial of the heirs of Admiral Count dp Grasae, pray-
ing compensation for his services during the revolu-
tionary war. He said this case [5resent no ground
of claims against the United States.
On motion by Mr. BUCHANAN, the motion to
discharge the committee was laid on the table.
Also, on motion of Mr. JARNAGIN, that com-
mittee was discharged from the consideration of a
document in support of the memorial of the heirs of
Thomas de Conover; and it was ordered to be filed
with the adverse report of the committee on this sub-
jeet.
Mr. JARNAGIN, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, made' an adverse report on the pe-
tition of the heirs of Amy Babbit, asking compensa-
tion for services during the revolutionary war; which
was ordered to be printed.
Also presented, from the same committee, an ad-
verse report in the case of Daniel B. Truehart;
which was ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Claims,
made an adverse report on the memorial of William
A. Weaver, asking compensation for superintend-
ing the publication of the sixth census; which was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. BREESE submitted the following resolution;
which was agreed to, viz:
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of allowing
to Lieutenant Silas Chatfield, now of McHenry
county, Illinois, a pension for his meritorious and
gallant conduct at the head of his company of vol-
unteer riflemen in the sortie of Fort Erie, on the 27th
of September, 1814.
The bill from the House, authorizing the President
of the United States to make a transfer of appropri-
ations, for the naval service, under certain circum-
stances, was taken up, read twice, and referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Several reports of standing committees, adverse
to private claims, were taken up, and concurred in
by the Senate.
THE TARIFF THE COMPROMISE ACT.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the Senate resumed
the consideration of the resolution of the Committee
on Finance, for the indefinite postponement of the
bill introduced by Mr. McDcpfie to reduce the rates
of duties, under the present tariff, to the standard of
the compromise act.
Mr. EVANS addressed the Senate for three hours.
He commenced by stating that so long a time had
elapsed since the Senate had been addressed on the
subject of these resolutions, and so much of the ex-
citement of the occasion had passed off, that he al-
most regretted that he did not permit the discussion to
close with the remarks of the senator from South
Carolina. He had already more than once express-
ed his opinion of the irregularity of all such discus-
sions, which it was evident could be attended with
no public benefit or practical good. There still
seemed to be a disposition to argue the matter fur-
ther, but for what end or purpose he was wholly at
a loss to know. The honorable senator from South
Carolina could not for a moment expect that this
measure, or any other of the same nature that he
might be disposed to substitute for it, could become
a law, even if brought to a vote; and he (Mr. E.)
could therefore only suppose that the discussion was
intended to take an effect elsewhere, which it could
not be hoped to take in this body. It seemed the de-
sire of the honorable senator to send forth from this
place instructions to the people. The Senate was
railed on by him to convince the people, whether
they would be convinced.or not, that, according to
the elementary principles of political economy, they
were the most injured, oppressed, and bound down
^ce of people* on the face of the earth; and that
they had more to dread from a free government -than
they had from the enemies of their country, or from
pirates or plunderers of the ocean.
He did not believe there was any necessity for
such action; he thought it would be time enough for
this body to act for the alleviation of any public
evil, when evidence was given of its existence—
when those who felt the evil or oppression came
forward to demand its redress; and he believed it
wodld be admitted that ,when the people felt them-
selves aggrieved, they were not slow in speaking out
and demanding from the proper qaarter redress.
In his opinion, the disposition to continue this dis-
cussion was only an endeavor to impress the pub-
lic mind with a sense of injury, without manifesting
any inclination to resort to an effectual remedy for
its relief. As such, however, was the object, it
should be met; and the result would be the convin-
cing of the people that the doctrine of injury, ema-
nating from elementary principles, was wholly un-
founded.
In the course of his remarks on this subject on a
previous day, he casually, and without the most re-
mote intention of adding ground for prolonged de-
bate, stated that the honorable senator [Mr. Mc-
Duffie] did not follow the mode of inductive rea-
soning, but rather adhered to the fashion of con-
ducting arguments two centuries back, by starting
with speculative theories, and then endeavoring to
reconcile them with facts—a mode much employed
by writers on political economy. This the honora-
ble senator had turned against him (Mr. Evans) in
his reply, and said that he had not himself ad-
hered to the mode of inductive reasoning which
he so strongly recommended for his adoption. Now
it would be easy to show whether he had done so or
not, by turning to (in the opinion of the honorable
senator) the main matter of controversy to which in-
ductive reasoning could apply; the tariff act of 1842,
described by him as a monster of fraud and deceit,
bearing on its face marks of all that was vile and in-
famous; and further pictured by every epithet of
odium which his fertile imagination or free com-
mand of language could supply. Wherein, he
would ask, consisted the justice of that character?
The first specific charge against the bill was, that it
would cause such a decline of the revenue as to
leave the people no escape from the dangers of op-
pressive taxation. The treasury would become bank-
rupt, government would not have means to go on,
and commerce and business be inevitably destroyed.
The next was the great burden it would impose on
all sections of the country by enhancing the price of
all consumable articles, and, by its high duties, pro-
hibiting the people from the use of all necessaries of
foreign importation. The next, and not the least,
was the injury that it would do the southern and
planting States. How were all those predictions
borne out' 'Not by facts, for they proved the contrary.
When on this subject before, he showed that, instead
of the frightful consequences predicted by the oppo-
nents of the bill, and by none more strenuously
than the honorable gentleman opposite [Mr. McDuf-
fie,] the revenue rapidly and steadily increased;
and in showing that fact, he gave inductive reasons
for it, furnished by custom-house books, and other
obvious sources of inference. Then came the de-
cline of commerce; but where was the evidence3
Who complains of this decline? Not those engaged
in commerce; they seemed satisfied. But, if he had not
stated it before, he would then. Commerce, instead
of declining, was on the increase. Inward freights
had increased 30 per cent.; vessels were in greater
demand. Those were facts, and not speculations—
facts borne out by reference to custom-house books,
which proved there was no decline, but an increase
of revenue. Our internal commcrcc has increased;
business has become active, coast trade has become
better, and vessels for it are in greater demand.
Now, from those facts, the writers on political econ-
omy, from whose books the honorable senator has
taken his-views on the subject, would draw the in-
ference that the revenue had declined, and that
nothing could save us from national bankruptcy.
As to the South, has the tariff occasioned there
a depression of the price of produce? The an-
swer is, certainly not. On the contray, prices
have largely risen. In stating those facts, he
(Mr. Evans) adhered to inductive reasoning,
and not to the incorrect doctrine of elementary
truth, which would lead the honorable senator [Mr.
McDuffie] to say: "I do not dispute those facts;
but such or such a writer says that the policy of a
protective tariff, or any similar policy, must be fol-
lowed by all those evils, flpiich/ were ;prophesied by
its opponents for the act of ,1842; and, ctpsefluef fly,
no matter how experience has taught us otherwise,
yet it is there set forth as elementary truth; and, .as
such, we are bound to believe and act accordit^ly."
According, th n,to books, we must suppose that all
our prices have decreased.
Mr. McDUFFIE said the gentleman was-mis taken.
His statement was, that according to the increased
demand abroad, prices would diminish.
Mr. EVANS said he^as then alluding to the
honorable senator's first speech. He would come
to the second before he finished.
Mr. McDUFFIE said, Mr. E. ascribed to the act
of 1842 what he ascribed to the working of the sys-
tem for twenty years.
Mr. EVANS said the act of 1842 was the subject
of discussion. It was part of the system; and he
supposed the argument drawn from its workings
was equally applicable to the whole. Ail our expe-
rience, from the first introduction of protective du-
ties, shows them not to be productive of decrease of
revenue, or destruction of commerce; of augmen-
tation of the prices of articles imported from foreign
countries, or depression of prices of articles
sent to foreign countries for sale. When along
course of observation and experience shows one
event to be followed by another, we may conclude,
especially when beforehand predicted, that when the
first happens, the second will follow in its train*
Now he would ask the honorable senator if, dur-
ing the last sixteen years, whenever the tariff was
agitated either in Congress or before die people, it
had not been advanced in its favor, that it would go
to the increase of both revenue and commerce; and
if, on the other side, it was not invariably met with
denunciations of what the honorable senator notonly
predicts but asserts—destruction of revenue and
commerce, increase of prices, and national bank-
ruptcy. But have the results verified those prophe-
cies? He need not say they proved the contrary#
The act of 1828, (as it was termed by the honor-
able senator, the bill of abominations,) was met by
the most vehement denunciations, as calculated for
the destruction of revenue and commerce, and cer-
tain to be productive of direct taxation. But how
was that bill described by the late colleague of the
honorable senator from South Carolina,, whose hos-
tility to it was well known? He argued that it pro-
vided for the destruction of the country; and that it
did so, he went on to prove, by showing that it
paid off the public debt, filled the treasury to over-
flowing, and enabled the Bank of the United States,
and other local banks, to give a stimulus to over-
production, which led to the revulsion of 183fi and
1837, and the distress which followed. Now, if
experience proved that the bill of 1828 filled the
treasury, increase commerce, and caused the rapid 1
progress of wealth and business, he thought the
elementary truths brought to hear in opposition
would have but little effect on public opinion. With
this experience he would ask any unprej udiced mind,
if the policy of the act of 1842 was not sounder than
any elementary truths that could be offered in oppo-
sition. He would now ask what was the state
of the country previous to the year 1824. Why,
with all our immense imports and seeming national
prosperity, government was forced to borrrow
money to go on; business declined; the shipping in-
terest was neglected; and the country was going
rapidly into rum; but after 1824, the protective
system gave a new impulse to trade; business reviv-
ed; and after 1828 things wore still a better aspect,
and continued to do so until the compromise
act reached its lowest point of duty: then came
another change ; foreign articles increased, while
the home fabric decreased in price; there was no
revenue; commerce declined, and the country was
compelled to resort to loans to enable government
to carry on its operation. He might go back to the
year 1789, and from that to the present he would
be enabled to show the same causes producing the
same effects—the -lowest rates of duties injurious
to revenue, commerce, and the general good of
the country; and the highest productive of directly
opposite results.
The honorable Senator will aay all' this is in op-
position to elementary principles, and is not laid
down by Adam Smith; it does not reach the con-
clusion which he reached three quarters of a cen-
tury back, and which, as he declared it true then,
i u$ be true forever. In mathematics and geome-
try, a truth once attained, is a truth for ever; but in
moral philosophy, it is quite different. A true line
of action to-day may be changed by to-morrow by
