Feb. 1844. APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL CLOBfi.
M
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Oregon Territory—Mr. Hannegan.
Senate.
this country from its first settlement by a civilized
race, but that the African slave trade had been ex-
pressly provided for by the constitution of the
United States, down to the year 1808; that the
people of the South had never been extensively en-
gaged in this trade, but that it was the people of the
North who had put fetters upon the arms of the
wild sons of Africa, torn them from their native des-
erts, sold them into slavery, put the proceeds in
their pockets, and now denounced us for holding
them!
Is a course like this just, honorable, or patriotic?
Upon the same occasion, I showed that slavery
had existed in some form or other, in every age of
the world where man had made the first step in
civilization; that it had not only existed under
every religious dispensation, and under every form
of civil government, but that it was particularly
congenial to a republic, where, by confining menial
and degrading services to slaves, social and political
equality is promoted among the citizen population.
I also drew a contrast between that practice un-
der which when a person is no longer able to work,
he is turned off to starve, or to be supported by
public charity; and that by which, when feeble
and infirm, he is as well provided for as the active
and able bodied; and left gentlemen to determine
which was most in accordance with humanity.
In' deciding this question, we must not permit our
minds to he exclusively influenced by the consider-
ation, that in the one case, an individual may refuse
to work, and that in the other, he has no such priv-
ilege. Hunger is the most cruel of masters; it
blinds the eyes, deafens the ears, deadens the sensi-
bilities to all other considerations, and leaves no
choice with a man whether he will work or not.
True, this argument does not apply with much
force in the United States, where land is cheaj, la-
bor in demand, and provisions abundant. But it
does apply with great force to the land of Daniel
O'Connell, who has shed so many crocodile tears
over us; and to England, where the abolitionists reg-
ularly send their agents to concert with Englishmen
on the most effectual means of overturning the insti-
tutions of their own country.
In the same speech, although I admitted that
slavery, even in the mitigated form that it exists
with us, like all other human institutions, had its
evils, 1 denied that we had languished under its in-
fluence, or that our progress, either morally or
physically, had been retarded by its existence. If
it is said that population has advanced less rapidly
in some of the slave States than in some other sec-
tions of the Union, it is sufficient to point to the
large proportion of barren lands, and to the un-
healthy climate that prevails in many parts of the.
South.
I also showed that the slave labor of the South,
which cannot be efficiently substituted by any other,
had been one of the principal means by which the
whole country had risen to its present commercial
importance; that in the production of cotton alone, it
did more to feed the hungry, clothe the naked, and
spread civilization among men, than the productions
of ten times the population in any other part of the
world; that any such reduction in the production of
this article, as would be the certain consequence of
the abstraction of sla\e labor, would not only re-
duce millions to want who had never seen a negro
slave, but would cover the world with barbarism;
and that the possession of tlus great key of com-
merce did more to preserve our amicable relations
with England, and other important European pow-
ers, than would a standing army of an hundred
thousand men, and a navy twice the size of the one
we now possess.
These, and many other points, I endeavored to il-
lustrate in that speech, winch, to recapitulate, would
extend this article to an unreasonable length.
Since the commencement of the present session of
Congress, I have introduced a resolution proposing
an amendment to the constitution, to provide for the
retrocession of the right of legislation over those
parts of the District of Columbia to the States of
Maryland and Virginia that are not occupied by the
public buildings and grounds, whenever they re-
spectively signify a willingness to accept.
My opinion in relation to the right of Congress to
legislate on the subject of slavery m the District of
Columbia, has been fully expressed; but others en-
tertain different opinions; and I am satisfied that, so
long as we retain our present connexion, it will be a
source of perpetual discord.
To the American statesman there is but one
course which is always honorable, always patriotic.
It is to preserve unimpaired the constitution and the
institutions of the country, and, if possible, to anti-
cipate and guard against the dangers by which they
are threatened.
We know that the abolitionists have been long
endeavoring to make the District of Columbia the
fulcrum of that lever with which they hope to over-
turn our institutions. If the proposition for retro-
cession is adopted, their foundation will be struck
from under them, and the Union preserved from
the greatest, if not the only danger with which it is
threatened. Being thus forewarned, does not wis-
dom dictate that we should act at once, instead of
folding our arms in indolent security, and waiting
the progress of events, until we may no longer be
able to control them?
JOHN CAMPBELL.
REMARKS OF MR. HANNEGAN,
of indiana.
In the Senate of the United States, February 23, 1844.
—On the following resolution offered by Mr.
Semfle:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to give notice to the British govern-
ment that it is the desire of the government of the
United States to annul and abrogate the provisions
of the third article of the convention concluded be-
tween the government of the (Jmted States of Amer-
ica and his Britannic Majesty the King of the Uni-
ted Kingdom of Great Britain and Iieland on the
20th October, 1818, and indefinitely continued be-
tween the same parties, signed at London the 6th
August, 1827.
Mr. HANNEGAN said-
Mr. President: My acknowledgments are due to
the senator from New Jersey for yielding the floor
to which he is entitled this morning.
L shall endeavor, so far as my recollection will en-
able me to pursue the remarks of the honorable and
distinguished senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
CnoATi;,] who on yesterday addressed the Senate
with so much ability m opposition to the immediate
adoption of this resolution. That senator expresses
some objecuons on the score of form, which I shall
notice no farther than to add my concurrence; and I
trust, should this resolution be referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, as it probably will, that
the formal objection will be by them removed, and
a joint, instead of a simple resolution, reported back
to' the Senate. But it is not with matters of form
that 1 have to do at this time. There are matters of
substance, of grave and serious importance to the
country, involved in the subject, to which I desire to
call the attention of the Senate.
The argument of the Senator from Massachusetts
involves this strange position: that the entire region
of country known as the Territory of Oregon, ex-
tending from the parallel of 42° to 52° 40' north lati-
tude, belonged to the United States by a clear and
indefeasible title; but that it would not do for us to
adopt this resolution, lest, by doing so, we offend
Great Britain. That, notwithstanding the unques-
tionable right by which we hold the country, we
must refrain from even giving the notice contem-
plated here, of our intention to bring to a close the
joint occupancy. Instead of doing so, we must
meekly and patiently await, the pleasure of this
formidable and haughty power in everything con-
nected with the question.
The senator from Massachusetts is apparently
overcome with alarm, and endeavors to infuse that
alarm into the Senate and the country at the prop-
osition before us. He inquired, m terms and with
a manner indicative of deep anxiety, where we
would be—where we should stand, ifibe resolution
passed and the required notice was given' Need I
tell that, senator we will be doing nothing more, m
this, than complying with the provisions of the con-
vention which created this joint occupation, and which
requires such notice as the means of determining
the joint occupancy. If this resolution passes, and
the notice is given, this government will stand pre-
cisely where if stood before the convention, which
gave England admission into Oregon: just where we
stood before our own imprudence gave her a foot-
hold on our western borders. Strange, indeed, does
it seem, that compliance with a provision, mseitedin
the treaty expressly to avoid difficulty, and to pre-'
vent hostility, should be construed here into matter
of offence. The very means which the two par-
ties selected for the preservation of peace, the hon-
orable gentleman deprecates as a measure of hos-
tility, leading to war. Adopt the resolution, give
the notice it requires, and he tells us that "our claim
and that of England will at once stand front to
front"—in plain words, we will immediately find her
in the attitude of hostility. Singular inconsistency!
If I understood the gentleman correctly, he de-
clared our tide to the country to be good, and tha
England has no intention of asserting a claim o
right to any portion of it; yet immediately after-
wards, he would deter the Senate from the pro-
posed action, because it will bring our claim and
that of England front to front. Where is the claim
with which England is to confront us? In what does
it consist? Will the gentleman be good enough to
inform the Senate of that claim which he has told
us is without foundation, and which, baseless as it
is, he deems sufficient to awe us into silence?
The senator from Massachusetts saw proper oc-
casionally to indulge a tone of sarcasm towards this
measure and its friends, which, in my opinion, ill
became the occasion, or the character of this cham-
ber, on a subject like the present. Prom some in-
formation in his possession, (the source of which I
did not understand,) he informed us that Doctor
McLaughlin, and some 1,000 or 1,200 hunters of
musk-rats, constituted the entire British force in
Oregon, and that their only fortification was a log fort.
With mock seriousness, lie asked if it could be pos-
sible that such a force as this had terrified the West?
Was this the hasty language of the heated moment,
or was it the language of cool deliberation? Can it
be possible that I understood the senator aright1 Sir,
upon a grave and momentous question like the pres-
ent, I did not expcct such attempts at ridicule from
the honorable gentleman. I was not prepared for
such ironical attacks from him, before the Ameri-
can Senate, and before the world, upon a large
portion of his countrymen, whose feelings he well
knows are deeply enlisted in this question.
Had a British peer been admitted to an audience
in this chamber, and used such language in support
of his country's pretensions, I could, without diffi-
culty, have comprehended his motives.
Is it, as he would create the impression, that ten
or twelve hundred trappers constitute the whole force
with which we can be brought in contention for Ore-
gon? or is it the power of England? Need I tell that
gentleman that it is the latter, when we have his
own authority for it that we will have England on
us if we move even so far as to adopt the present
resolution? Terrified at these thousand trappers!
No, sir; the word, in the sense he uses it, has no
place m our vocabulary. England, with all her
power—her armies and her navies—has not the
power to strike terror to our hearts. Come when
and how she will, she will find us at least undis-
mayed.
The senator from Massachusetts says that, pre-
vious to usingthe expressions I have just alluded to,
he had examined and disposed of the argument
whether Great Britain, if not disposed to forward
agricultural interests in Oregon, would offer any re-
sistance or annoyance to peaceable agriculturists
from the United States. He says that, having
proved they would not, he used the words complain-
ed of in ridiculing the idea that the Hudson Bay
cfjmpany could, even if disposed, prove any annoy-
ance.
I am well aware that the senator used the lan-
guage as he states; but I cannot see that this, in any
mnnner, changes its meaning. If Great Britain
does not intend to persist in her claim to the soil; if
she makes none; if she acquiesces in our settlement
of the country, and thereby acknowledges our claim,
then every reason he has urged against this resolu-
tion falls to the ground. They are certainly no
longer entitled to consideration, and the resolution
must be adopted as a matter of course, and the no-
tice g:iveii, without resistance from any quarter.
I must confess that I feel far more cause for terror
in some of the sentiments advanced by that senator,
than England, with all her armament by sea and
land, can ever inspire. Sir, I allude especially to the
appeal which he made to the worst, the sordid pas-
sions of the human heart—his address to the repre-
sentatives of the woollen manufacturers and the iron-
mongers, whether they would be, willing to place the
country in an attitude of hostility with England,
without first counting the cost; and this, too, accom-
panied by a significant allusion of a reference to the
Committee of Ways and Means, to ascertain, in the
first place, what that cost would be. And what
then' What did all this mean? There can be but
one meaning to it. If the cost, in their opinion,
should be too great—if too much money is require4
