230
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
praying for an amendment of the constitution so as
to secure the extinction ^jj^iave representation.
The yeas and nays were called for and ordered on
the question of reception; and being taken, they re-
sulted—yeas 73, nays 75, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, jBeardsley, Benton, Bidlack,
James Black, Brodhead, Jeremiah Brown, Bnfiington,
Cary, Carroll, Catlin, Clmgman, Collamer, Cranston, Dana,
Garrett Davis, Richard D. Davis, Dickey, Dunlap, Ellis,
Elmer, Fish, Florence, Foster, Frick, Giddings, Grinnell,
Hale, Hardin, Harper, Herrick, Hubbell, Hudson, Hughes,
Hungerford, Washington Hunt, James B. Hunt, Joseph R.
Ingersoll, Irvin, Jenks, P. B.Johnson, Daniel P. King, Kirk-
Patrick, Leonard, Lyon, Mfclay, McClelland, Mcllvaine,
Marsh,Morse, Moseley, Ne^^lisha R. Potter, Puvdy, Chas.
M. Read, Ritter, Rockwell, Rogers, Severance, Thos. H.
Seymour, David L. Seymour, Albert Smith, Sykes, Tyler,
V8nce, Vanmeter, Vinton, Wheaton, White, Williams,
Willdns, Winthrop, Win, Wright,and Yost—73.
NAYS—Messrs. Atkinson, Barringer, Belser, Edward J.
Black, James A. Black, Bossier, Bowlin, Boyd, Aaron V.
Brown, William J. Brown, Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Camp-
bell, Reuben Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman, Chilton,
Cobb, Coles. Cullom, Deberry, Dellet, Dickinson, Drom-
goole, Ficklin, French, Gilmer, Willis Green, Grider,
Hammett, Haralson, Holmes, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard,
Charles J. Ingersoll, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones,
Kennedy, Preston King, Labranche, Lewis, Lucas, Lump
kin, McCauslen, McConnell, McKay, Joseph Morris, Mur-
phy, Newton, Norris, Owen, Payne, Peyton, Rathbun,
Rayner, David S. Reid.Relfe. Russell, Saunders, Simpson,
Slidell, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Steenrod, Stiles,
Stone, Strong, Summers, Taylor. Thomasson, Tibbatts,
Tucker, Weller, and Woodward—75.
So the petition was not received.
Mr. ADAMS presented a petition, the reception
of which was objected to, and the yeas and nays de-
manded, upon the question of seconding the demand
for the yeas and nays, 49 voted in the affirmative,
and 52 in the negative. So the yeas and nays were
not ordered.
Mr. HAMMETT moved that the House adjourn;
which was negatived.
Mr. ADAMS moved a call of the House, and
upon this question the yeas and nays were ordered;
and being taken, resulted: yeas 71, and nays 89.
So the call was negatived.
On motion of Mr. HOLMES,
The House then adjourned.
The following petitions presented to-day were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By Mr. OWEN: The memorial of Wesley Jones
and 8G other citizens of Orange county, Indiana,
asking; a grant of lands for the completion of the na-
tional thoroughfare between the lakes and the Ohio
by the improvement of the navigation of the Wa-
bash. The petition of Nelly Hawkins and 63 other
citizens of Indiana and Kentucky, praying Congress
for a grant of the unsold lands in the V incennes land
district, to complete the entire line of canal from lake
Erie to the Ohio river, at Evansville.
By Mr. FICKLIN: The petition of Solomon
Price and 33 other citizens of Illinois, praying a
grant of public lands for the improvement of the
Kaskaskia river. The memorial of Lewis S. Jones
and 83 others, citizens of Illinois, praying a grant of
lands in the Wabash valley, for the improvement of
the navigation of the Wabash river from Terre
Il.iute, the terminus of the Wabash and Erie canal,
to the Ohio river: referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals. The petition of S. G. Whitby
and 195 otheis, citizens of the State of Illinois, pray-
ing the establishment of a mail route from Lafayette,
in the State of Indiana, through Danville and Deca-
tur, to Springfield, in the State of Illinois: referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mi. HALE: The petition of Thomas Hadley
and 45 other citizens of Bath, New Hampshire, pray-
ing for a reduction of postage: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads. The pe-
tition of C. C. Hutehins 22 others, citizens of Bath,
New Hampshire, praying for a reduction of postage:
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
By Mr. HUNT of New York: The petition of
208 citizens of Lockport, New York, in favor of the
reduction of postage. The petition of John Robin-
son, piaying compensation for losses in the late war
with England.
By Mr. BRODHEAD: The petition of James Lin-
ton and 13 others, citizens of Laston, Pennsylvania,
praying for the reduction of the rates of postage, and
a revision of the Post Office laws. The petition of
E. W. Hamlin and 34 others, citizens of Wayne
county, Pennsylvania, of a similar import: referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
By Mr. McCLELLAND: The petition of Dun-
ping II. McVair for extra compensation as mail con-
tractor. The petition of Peters, Moore & Co., for
extra compensation as mail contractors. The peti-
tion of F. J. B. Crane and others, in favor of a re-
duction in the rates ofpostage.
By Mr. TIBBATTS: The petition of Henry
King's executor, praying the passage of a law for
the settlement of the accounts of his testator, for ser-
vices as an officer in the revolutionary war: referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 6, 1843.
Mr. WHITE presented joint resolutions adopted
by the legislature of Indiana, instructing the sena-
tors and requesting the representatives from that
State to use their best exertions to secure necessary
appropriations from the national treasury, or to pro-
cure a grant of land for the purpose of improving the
navigation of the Mississippi, Ohio, and Wabash
rivers: ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Also presented three several joint resolutions
adopted by the legislature of Indiana, instructing
the senators and requesting the representatives from
that State to vote as follows, viz:
For a donation of land sufficient to enable that
State to construct a canal at the falls of the Ohio
river: referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
For the passage of a law reducing the rates of
postage, and .to enable those who transmit newspa-
pers and pamphlets by mail to endorse their names
thereon: referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
For an appropriation to erect a light-house in the
harbor of City West, Indiana: referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Also presented three several memorials from citi-
zens of Indiana, praying for an appropriation of
land, to be applied to the completion of the Wabash
and Erie canal to the Ohio river: referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BERRIEN presented a memorial from the
Philadelphia and Rending railroad company, asking
the passage of a law allowing them to import, free of
duty, railroad iron sufficient for the completion of
said road. The memorialists represent that that
company was incorporated in 1834; that in 1835
they commenced the work, and completed a single
track; that a double track is indispensably necessa-
ry for the purposes of that country; that they were
prevented fiom completing the road in the time
prescribed by law, by the embarrassments which oc-
curred intermediately; that they are willing to pur-
chase the requisite amount of iron for the completion
of the road in this country, but they find it impossi-
ble to procure such as will suit the heavy burdens
carried on it: referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. TAPPAN presented a preamble and joint
resolutions, adopted by the general assembly of
Ohio, instructing the senators and requesting the
representatives from that State to use their efforts,
and all the means in their power, to cffcct the pas-
sage of a retrenchment measure^ reducing the com-
pensation and pay of officers and agents under the
general government at least 33^ per cent, on their
present compensation and pay: read, ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee on Retrench-
ment.
Mr. KING presented a memorial from Richard
Stanton and others, of the county and town of Alex-
andra, repiesenting that various laws, affecting
their interests, have been proposed to Congress, and
remonstrating against their passage, exccpt the law
requiring that one of the judges of the circuit court
of the District of Columbia shall hereafter reside in
the town of Alexandria: referted to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
Mr. PORTER presented a memorial from David
Jones and Erastus Bailey, of Brown county, in the
Territory of Wisconsin, asking Congress to pass a
law confirming them in a joint pre-emption: referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BERRIEN, fiom the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which was referred a certain portion of
the annual report of the Secretary of the Treasury
upon the subject, mode a further and final report,
accompanied by a bill to amend the Judiciary act of
24th September, 1789. The bill was read, and or-
dered to a second reading, and the report to be
printed.
Also reported back, without amendment, the bill
to increape the salary of the judge of the district
court of the United States, for the eastern, western,
and middle districts of Tennessee.
Also reported back, with an amendment, the bill
changing the time of holding the court at Clarks-
burgh and Wheeling, in the western district of Vir-
ginia. . .
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Claims,
to which was referred the petition and papers of
Thomas M. Latham, praying compensation for
services rendered as master of the fishing sloop
Marion, in assisting to take from the ship Charles
Wharton, stranded upon the bar at the entrance of
Tampa Bay, Florida, in the month of December,
1837, United States troops and property belonging
to the United States, made a report, accompanied by
a resolution referring the matter to the Secretary of
War, with instructions to ascertain and report all
the facts in the case to the Senate at the present ses-
sion. The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. JARNAGIN, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, made adverse reports in the following cases;
which were ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed, viz:
The petition of the heirs of Nicholas Thomas,
praying to be allowed the amount of the pension
due him for revolutionary services.,
The petition of the widow of Benjamin Coit for
a pension.
The petition of the widow of Abraham Gailes, a
soldier in the revolution, praying to be allowed a
pension.
The petition of Jacob Olingey for a pension.
Mr. FULTON, on leave, introduced a bill for the
relief of Ephraim D. Dickson; which was read
twice, and committed.
The following resolution, introduced by Mr.
Atchison on Thursday last, was taken up and
agreed to, as follows:
Resolved, That the President be requested to cause
the Commissioner of the General Land Office to in-
form the Senate what registers and receivers of the
land office have exacted fees not allowed by law;
also, the names of such registers and receivers, to-
gether with the amount of fees so exacted, as far
as the same has been ascertained by the Commis-
sioner; and whether such fees, so illegally exacted,
have been refunded, or ordered by the Commissions
to be refunded.
House bill for the relief of J. McLaughlin was
taken up, read twice, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
FINE ON GENERAL JACKSON.
Mr. ALLEN inquired of the Chair what was e
situation of the bill restoring to General Jackson
the fine imposed on him at New Orleans.
The CHAIR said the bill had been reported from
the Judiciary Committee, with an amendment; and
that it had been assigned to its proper place on the
general orders.
Mr. ALLEN was understood to say that he did
not know that there was any particular reason for
delaying action upon the bill. He did not think it
would require much time lo dispose of it, and there-
fore moved that the previous orders be postponed,
with a view to take it up for consideration.
Mr. EVANS expressed a hope that the bill would
not be taken up until the subject now before the
Senate (the tariff) was disposed of.
Mr. ALLEN did not understand that the bill
would consume much of the time of the Senate.
He suggested the propriety of speedy action upon
it. If it really was a bill, one of the main objects of
which was to remove what the illustrious individual,
to whom it refers believed to be an imputation or
censmre on liis conduct, whilst defending his coun-
try, and inasmuch as he, was now in an advanced
stage of life, and there was no certainty of that life
being much longer attenuated, it was of the utmost im-
portance that the bill should pass as speedily as pos-
sible, if the Senate really designs to execute the pur-
poses ofit. He had some information, informally, that
such direction would be given to the bill as would pre-
vent the necessity of consuming one hour of the tm.e
of the Senate in its consideration. If such was the
fuel, there could be no objection to proceeding to r,s
consideration. Every hour's delay w?s productive
of greater injustice to him to whom it was intended to
render justice.
Mr. BARROW said he was as well prepared to
vote on the bill then as lie would be at the last day
of the session; but lie was opposed to taking it up
this morning, and suggested to the senator from
Ohio to fix upon some day, and make it a special
order for that day.
