Feb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
245
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Oregon Territory—Mr. Hannegan.
Senate.
agriculture, she attaches no value to it' would hazard
no struggle for it? What is her history on this score?
She did not want the tops of the mountains of Maine
for agriculture, and yet she would have gone to war
for them. *She did not require the rock of Gibraltar
as a garden—no; it was because it commanded the
pass from the Atlantic to the Mediterranean; and to
preserve it she maintained an armed front towards
Europe. It was not for the sake of agriculture that
she desired the island of Malta, with earth some
eight or ten inches in depth; yet sooner than restore
it, she refused to let the torch of war be quenched
which held all Europe in a blaze. It was not for
the advancement of agriculture that she has just before
our own eyes deluged the plains of Afghanistan
with blood. No, sir, no; it is power—jtower—the
power which position gives that she seeks. Give
ner the mouth of the Columbia, and she commands
the Pacific. This is her object; and I have now in
my possession a number of the London Morning
Chronicle, which develops her views in relation to
Oregon somewhat differently from the picture of
the senator from Massachusetts, and I think the
English editor may fairly be presumed to know as
much about his country's intentions as that gentle-
man. Here are the views of the Morning Chron-
icle, in a long article, an extract from which sets
forth that—
"It is useless to represent the Oregon Territory as
but of little value, and to depict certain districts of
it as presenting but one wide area of irreclaimable
desert. A single glance at the map will convince
the most ordinary understanding of the commercial
and political importance which will soon be attached
to thp northwest coast of America. And if so, the
harbor formed by the mouth of the Oregon river will
become an invaluable position, being the only avail-
able harbor on the coast for many hundred miles on
either side of it. In the hands of a powerful people,
it will give them the entire control of the north Pa-
cific and of the commerce of Eastern Asia. This is
a consideration of no little weight, when we consider
the new relations into which China has been latterly
brought with the civilized world. These impart to
the territory a great additional value; and whatever
enhances its value, renders the dispute concerning it
one more difficult of adjustment. A golden oppor-
tunity has been culpably thrown away when the set-
tlement of it would have been comparatively an easy
matter. Henceforth it will be a source of constant
irritation between us and the American government,
until at length, to avoid further humiliating conces-
sions, we are driven to assert our right of property
by the sword. From present appearances, the alter-
native of war or concession is owe that will speedi-
ly be offered us "
These are the views of a leading English journal,
and they are certainly to be regarded as throwing
some light on the intention? of that government, oc-
cupying a high position with at least one of the two
great parties in that country—a position such as the
Globe and Intelligencer occupy with their respective
parties here.
Wait a little longer, says the senator from Mas-
sachusetts. What, I ask, have we to hope, what
to dread, from immediate action? What that may
not be anticipated from any decisive action in fu-
ture? Is it likely that Great Britain will withdraw
her claim? that she will relent of her unjust preten-
sions to this territory? When, in the history of the
last eight centuries, from William the Norman to
this hour, has she relented—even paused in her career
of conquest and domination^
"The uttermost parts of the earth are our inher-
itance," is the sentiment which animates the British
warrior; it governs the British council; it is the
avowed language of her writers, and its home is to
be found in every true Englishman's bosom.
Before this tremendous spirit, sustained equally
by her policy and her arms, the mighty monarchies
of Europe have successively dwindled, until in all
the old world but one power remains, equal and
undaunted to confront her. When gentlemen are
talking about negotiating with England for a ter-
ritory like Oregon, involving such great interests
as I have shown she attaches to it, they will allow
us, who feel an equal interest in it, to remind them
that her present condition of unparalleled power is
as much the fruit of her di plomacy as of her arms;
that to such men as her Walsinghams and her Wal-
poles, her Pitts and herC astlercaghs, she owes as
much as to her Marlboroughs, her Rodneys, her
Nelsons, or her Wellingtons. With the last she is
and ever has been ready, without scruple, to second
the designs of the first. And with the one or the
other, she has thus far carried those designs, as Well
as I can recollect, except in thfe single instance of
the two wars with this country. Retract! No, sir;
judging her by the past, if she deals with us as she
has dealt with others, she never will retract in peace
from such a stake as this. Her foot is on the Co-
lumbia; and when she lifts it we will not owe it to
diplomacy. We must win it if we Mrear it.
Is it asked why we should pass this measure at
once? Because, m plain truth, it is time that tile
present condition of things should be brought to a
close. It is time for us to know where we stand.
Soon or late we must move; she never will; she has
no cause to stir; the country is in her possession,
occupied by her arms, and governed by her laws,
to all intents and purposes a portion of her domin-
ions. It is not necessary for her to commence; our
people m the territory can cause her no disturbance,
as tney are at all times subjeet to her laws, and her
laws alone, without the interference or protection of
ours. In tliis state of things it is plain she must re-
pose. What have we to gain by delay? Nothing;
nothing on earth that I can see or imagine. We are
in the position of a man whose house has been en-
tered in his absense, and who, at his return, finds
the intruder at the door forbidding his entrance.
Shall the lawful owner desert his family and prop-
erty through dread of the man of violence, and m
the hope that, after a time, he will be allowed to en-
ter his home in peace? Shall we delay a manly as-
sertion of our rights?—rights m the eye of God, and
all mankind, because a mighty nation, in the inso-
lence ofher bloated power, dares to cast on us an
angry or a threatening glance? Or shall we, after
the example of our ancestors, assert the right, and
leave the consequence to God—let that consequence
be peace, or let it be war?
The honorable senator from Massachuseets, on
yesterday, asserted that those who would advocate
a war in preference to a treaty that would give us
this territory, or an equivalent for so much as we
might lose of it, "were fitter for hell than for earth."
Sir, if by this it is implied that those who advo-
cate an appeal to arms, rather than be forced to treat,
are "fitter for hell than for earth." 1 am one of them.
I utter it. I proclaim the sentiment, fitter though the
gentleman may think it "for hell than for earth."
Sooner than dispose of one foot under restraint, let the
last alternative come. It will not find us unprepared.
The senator speaks of an equivalent. What equiv-
alent would he take? Shall we be compelled to take
money font, when we have no wish to sell, and no
motive to prompt us, but the will—the iron will of
haughty England? Countless millions would be
no equivalent. Its very touch would blister the pa-
triot's hand.
Whenever a question involving anything connect-
ed with Oregon—no matter in what shape—has been
before us; when, upon a resolution by the senator
from Ohio, a few weeks since; or, at the commence-
ment of this week, when some book question agita-
ted the matter,—we are assailed with complaints that
anything like action at present is premature; that ne-
gotiation will soon settle the whole matter for us.
Why is this plea of expected negotiation constantly
interposed' Will gentlemen be good enough to in-
form us what there is to negotiate about? To afford
ground for negotiation, there must be conflicting, or,
at any rate, separate and independent rights in-
volved.
Where the rights of a question are all on one side
—plain, well-defined, and understood, and that ques-
tion is one simply of title, as here—what is there for
negotiators to act upon? Suppose that Great Brit-
ain should assert a claim to the unoccupied country
east of the Rocky mountains, or to the Territory of
Iowa, or to the State of Louisiana: would you nego-
tiate about it? Who is here that for an instant would
harbor the thought? And yet, to my mind, there is
as much propriety in the one case as in the other.
Our title to the one is as clear and strong as to the
others.
That Great Britain is sincerely desirous of retain-
ing this territory, no one can doubt, that observes
the current of affairs with ordinary attention. She
sees and fully appreciates the vast advantages to be
derived from its" possession. The wealth which lies
dormant in the extensive and fertile valley of the
Columbia and its tributaries, and the mineral wealth
of the mountains which encompass that valley—the
admirable position which the mouth of that river is de-
scribed to be, by all who know it for a great commer-
cial city—the facilities which it will furnish for a di-
rect and safe intercourse and trade with the islands
of the Pacific, with China, and with India—advan-
tages which as yet cannot be computed, but which
all concede must be immense;—and last, and indeed
the highest immediate consideration, is the power
which it would give her to operate upon the nume-
rous Indian tribes, now congregated in that direc-
tion, on the whole line of our western frontier.
With them, her intercourse must be com turned and
unchecked, if she is permitted to retain this or any
other portion of this territory. '
Itt selecting a permanent home for the Indian
tribes, one great and leading object with this govern-
ment wao to remove them from the neighborhood o
any foreign pawfcri but especially, and above all
others, from the vicinity of the British dominions.
Sir, this proximity will not do. This facility of ac-
cess and communication will not answer. Wno can
tell the fearful extent of the consequences, if, through
the active and artful emissaries of England, these
tribes should be, confederated and stirred up? In a
single hour, ere the alarm could be sounded, the
knives of fifty' thousand Indian warriors might con-
sign the-vast frontier of the West to the fell genius
of desolation. Along the whole line one protracted
scene of fire and blood—the blood of the generous,
brave, and simple-hearted pioneers, their helpless
wives, and innocent children. When gentlemen re-
mind us of their cottlttierce and their seaboard, let
them remember that their brethren in the West, have
causes of both interest and alarm less weighty,
appeal to the Seriate, shall England he left m posses-
sion of this terrific check? Remove ^vpry other mo-
tive; is it not sufficient to determine us? Considera-
tions like these, sir, it seems to me, must ^utw^g11
all questions of intrinsic value, if, indeed, the ques-
tion of intrinsic value can attract us, for a moment,
from other and paramount considerations. By par-
amount considerations—for, in the noble language
of the distinguished senator from Missouri,-[Mi-
Benton,] on Monday last—this is not a question of
dollars and cents. No, sir; it is a question of na-
tional honor or national shame. In the attitude
which the controversy now holds, I would not
weigh the mere value of the country as a feather. I
would not stop to ask if it be rich or poor, fruitful
or barren. It is enough for me to know that, with-
out the shadow of a title, and conscious of the
wrong she meditates, Great Britain attempts to
wrest from us that which is our own—our owH. If
the whole face of the earth there were volcanic—if ilt>
blade of grass ever grew, from the snowy mountains
to the 54th degree of latitude, sooner than yield it to
her, I would take the hazards of a war which should
end only in the destruction of the one or the other.
Yes, regardless of the appeal made to our nerves
by the senator from Massachusetts, notwithstanding
the bold figure with which he would frighten our
fancies—yes, fearless of that "eagle," if thwarted, as
he described England, ready to stoop, beak, talons,
and all, on Oregon. If declaring our own to be our
own, brings England, beak, talons, and all, on Ore-
gon, let her come. Sir, I little expected to hear
such appeals from one whose home is fast by the
early and glorious battle-fields of the revolution.
Surely he did not learn to dread England when
standing 011 the consecrated field of Bunker's Hill.
Let England dare to stoop from her lofty poise 011
• Oregon; if she does, she will never, never, resume
that poise again. Her flight hence will be slow and
unsteady, with her wings clipped, and her talons
harmless.
It has been gravely asserted in some of the public
journals, that a conspiracy exists amongst the west-
era members of the democratic party, headed by my
honorable and distinguished friend from Missouri,
[Mr. Benton,] whose designs are to plunge the
country, at all hazards, into a war with Great Brit-
ain. A charge of this kind may have found some
room for its propagation in the language of the hon-
orable senator from Virginia, [Mr. Archer,] the
distinguished chairman of the Committee on For-
eign Affairs; not, I am confident, with a view to such
an impression on the public mind.
For one, I can say, that if such a conspiracy ex-
ists, I have some right to complain of my friends for
not permitting me to know it; for surely they are
aware that no man has the interest of the country, as
involved 111 the Oregon question, more at heart than
I have. And yet, until yesterday, I have never ex-
changed words with the distinguished senator from
Missouri on the subject of our Oregon relations.
I care not to say, however, that if the government
refuses to do its duty towards our citizens there, by
extending to them the shield of its laws, and the ne-
cessary protection of its arms, I would not hesitate
to unite with patriotic and honorable men in assist?
