COMPRESSION AL JGJLOME.
v&fjt-*
: gar
r:'
Mr. ALLEN acquiesced in such a course; and
thgfefore moved" to take tKe" bill up and make it
the-special order for Thursday next.
Mr. KING remarked that unless the subject now
pending—the tariff bill—was got through with be-
fore Thursday next, the object of the' senator in
making the bill a special order for that day would
be defeated, for this subject would override it as the
• unfinished business. The best plan would be to
leave the bill in its prssent condition; and it could be
called up during the morning hour of any day,
when there was but little of the ordinary morning
business to be disposed of.
Mr. ALLEN had no objection to such a course.
His object was to call the attention of the Senate to
the subject, so as to obtain as speedy action as possi-
ble upon it. He therefore would withdraw his mo-
tion to take the bill up; and would barely say to
the Senate, by way of notice, that he would move
to take it up previous to 1 o'clock on Thursday
next.
LUNATIC ASYLUM IN THE DISTRICT.
The bill providing for the insane asylum in the
District of Columbia came up in order, the question
being on ordering it to be engrossed and read a
third time.
Mr. TAPPAN said that the yeas and nays had
been ordered on that question. He did not intend
to say anything more upon the subject than what
he had already said; but he thought it time to stop
draining the national treasury for the support of the
people of the District of Columbia in all their ex-
penses. He hoped the time was not far distant
when there would be a majority in that body satis-
lied that they had no constitutional power, if not
that it was not just and right, to give away the pub-
lic treasure for the support of the insane of any
citv in the Union. .
Mr. KING was of the impression that the sum
to be expended for furniture was too extravagant.
He called upon the chairman of the Committee on
the District [Mr. Miller] to state the amount of
the proposed expenditure, and the objects for which
it is proposed to be incurred.
Mr. MILLER made an explanation, restating
the remarks he made when the bill was last up,
(which were published in the Globe on Wednesday
last.) He showed that the amount required for fur-
nishing forty rooms, large and small, was $3,000;
and that the whole amount required to pay the sala-
ries of officers of every kind, and to furnish pro-
vision and medicines, was §7,000—making in the
whole $10,000. This amount, he said, was much
larger than would be required for the support of the
institution. An annual appropriation not exceeding
$5,000 was all that would be required hereafter.
Mr. KING inquired whether there was not a
claim due for the maintenance of the lunatics who
were authorized to be sent to the Baltimore institu-
tion.
Mr. MILLER remarked that there was $3,000
due the Baltimore institution, for the maintenance of
lunatics sent there by order of Congress. It re-
quired $3,000 per annum for their support there.
Congress failed, at the last session, to make any ap-"
propriation for that object. If the lunatics were
continued in Baltimore till the spring, a larger sum
would be required to pay tiieir expenses. The com-
mittee had reported an amendment to the bill,
(which was adopted,) appropriating the sum of
§3,000 to cover the amount due for their support
last year.
Mr. TAPPAN inquired of the Chairman of the
Committee on the District of Columbia, [Mr. Mil-
ler,] how long it was expected that the government
would have to pay $5,000 annually for the support
of that institution.
Mr. MILLER replied: so long as they think
proper so to do. They can withhold any appropri-
ation whenever they please.
Mr. WRIGHT said he would simply inquire of
the chairman, [Mr. Miller,] whether the estimate
of the expenses did not include a salary of $250 a
year for three inspectors? He supposed these in-
spectors were only occasionally to visit the institu-
tion. and superintend its management and direction,
and see that the unfortunate subjects were properly
attended to. Now, he asked, if Congress went to
the expense of erecting a building, and paying all
current expenses for the support of the insane of this
District, whether there were not citizens here of high
respectability and worth, who would be willing,
without compensation, to take upon them this office?
For his own part, he wou$ infinitely prefer trust-
ing the instiiutibii in* tfoe hands ortudETciSkenij'wlio
would volunteer their services, to trusting it'irt the
hands of such persons as it was likely to fall into. He
made these suggestions, merely with a view of call-
ing attention to the subject.
Mr. MILLER, in reply, stated to the senator,
[Mr. Wright,] that, in the bill passed in 1842, au-
thorizing the erection of this building, there was a
provision which authorized the President to appoint
three persons for the purpose referred to; but look-
ing to the fact that there was no appropriation made,
the President did not appoint those persons.
As to the appointment of inspectors or superin-
tendents, in the present instance, he would
state to the honorable senator, [Mr. Wrioht,]
that the framers of the bill intended these super-
intendents should be physicians belonging to the
District, who asked no compensation that would
at all pay them for the services which it was
expected they would render. With that pro-
fessional liberality which characterized the faculty
here, they were willing to devote a great part of their
time to superintending these unfortunate persons.
The salary appeared to him to be very small—not
at all proportionate to the services to be rendered.
He understood that the inspectors were to be resident
physicians—perhaps young men of talents, to whom
the salary, small as it was, %vould be very necessa-
ry, and who would reside in the building, and de-
vote their time chiefly to the institution. He hoped
the gentleman would see that the provision was not
for the emolument of the persons to be employed;
but merely a just, though trifling consideration, for
actual services to be rendered.
Mr. WRIGHT said that if persons could not be
found within'the District to take the office, it went
very far to show that the appropriation had better
be stopped; and he would infinitely rather have citi-
zens, physicians or not, who would be willing to
superintend this institution, as a task of human be-
nevolence, than a class of people who would neces-
sarily seek the trust under more interested cir-
cumstances. If it was made an object to obtain
$250 a year, it was most likely that persons the
least serviceable would obtain the money. Besides,
it was an expense which ought not to be asked of
Congress; Congress erected the building, and was
willing to pay all necessary expenses. If it was
necessary to pay this at all, the community should
do that much without an appropriation.
Mr. ALLEN did not understand the chairman as
to what would be the annual cost of keeping the es-
tablishment up.
Mr. MILLER replied that the estimate was about
$5,000.
Mr. ALLEN said that this District now contained
a population of forty or fifty thousand; and the an-
nual appropriation necessary to support the insane
would be about $5,000, or one dollar for every ten in-
habitants. Apply the rule to any State in the Union,
and what -would the result be found to lie? In the
State of Ohio, there were two millions of people;
and in the same proportion, the appropriation would
be about $200,000. Was this reasonable? He be-
lieved that the annual expense of the institution in
Ohio, which took charge of all the unfortunate in a
population of two millions of people, did not exceed
$5,000, the estimated expense of the institu-
tion for this District. He spoke this without
having examined statistics upon the subject;
but he believed that $5,000 covered all the ex-
penses of the Ohio institution. He was sure that
not less than $200,000 would be required to do it, if
the same rule were observed in regard to the State,
as it was proposed should be observed m regard to
the population of the District. The sum of $5,000
was enormous for an institution of this kind, where
the population was so small. He would venture to
say that all the insane of the District could be pro-
vided for at an expense of $1,000 annually. It
looked like money-getting, because it was an expen-
diture which every one knew was disproportionate
to the size of the community. This system of con-
tinually drawing upon Congress to minister to the
wants of the people in one particular part of the
Union, he was opposed to. It was time to put a
stop to it. He was by no means unfriendly to the
District. He would do for it as much as he would
for any part of the Union; but he was not willing
that the government should be imposed upon. The
institution, if at all supported by Congress, should
be supported at an expense proportionate to the
State institutions. Hereafter the plea for increased
expenditures would be, would Congress let the
building moulder doSvti, after" so' much rnoneyhad
been spent it coBBfwictihjj it?'." r.- ' * •
Mr. MERRICK1 stfid Jhat" tS&tondrabte jenMor
from "Ohio argued that iin annual expenditure of
$5,000 for the support of this institution was out
of proportion to similar expenditures in the Sate of
Ohio and elsewhere. He . (Mr. M.) presumed the
inequality was for the reason that there were a great
many more of this unfortunate class of beings in the
District, in proportion to its population, than'else*
where. They were brought into the District from
the fact that the seat of government was here. It
was true that there were more lunatics here, in pro-
portion to the population than elsewhere. That
was the reason that they were called upon to make
provision for their support. Those lunatics'were
brought here by the action of the government of the
United States. Claimimts sometimes "became in-
sane here, awaiting the tardy justice of Congress.
They were not called upon to support the poor, as
remarked by the senator from Ohio. The people
of the District themselves supported the poor. They
make an annual appropriation for that object, raised
by taxation ori their property.
Mr. TAPPAN was understood to ask the senator
from Maryland whether the laws of that State did
not authorize the removal of such persona to their
proper residences.
Mr. MERRICK was understood to reply that
there was a law of the State authorizing the removal
ofthepoor, but he did not believe it was ever enforced.
Certainly the senator would not have us remove lu-
natics, and throw them loose upon other communi-
ties. He knew that he would not. Tljese unfortunate
beings were to be found here, and must be provided
for, either by the humane and charitable, or by Con-
gress, or be permitted to perish. ' As to the amount
which would be required hereafter, it could not be
correctly known until the institution was put into op-
eration. The $5,000 might, by experiment, be found
more than sufficient. We should then at least have
some data to go upon. But if it should not be suffi-
cient, and $20,000 annually were required to keep
these unfortunate beings from perishing, he had no
doubt that hereafter a Congress would be found suf-
ficiently humane to appropriate even that amount
for their support. He hoped the number would not
be so great as to require even the small sum of $5,000
hereafter for their support.
Mr. EVANS said he would give a single reason
why the appropriations for the support of institu-
tions in the States were, less than an appropriation
could be for the support of an institution of this
kind in the District. A large proportion of the ex-
penses was defrayed by the patients themselves,
many of whom were able to pay, or had friends to
pay their expenses. The insane for whom this in-
stitution was intended, would be composed of desti-
tute persons, who could pay nothing. This was
the reason why the expenses were so different in the
States.
After a few further remarks by Mr. ALLEN, the
subject was,
On motion by Mr. MILLER, postponed till to-
morrow.
THE COMPROMISE ACT.
The CHAIR then announced the unfinished busi-
ness—being the resolution of the Committee on Pi-
nance, for the indefinite postponement of the bill in-
troduced by Mr. McDuffie to reduce the rates of
duties under the present tariff to the standard of the
compromise act.
Mr. EVANS addressed the Senate for two hours,
in continuation of his remarks of yesterday. He
said it was with reluctance he consented, yesterday,
to postpone until this morning what little remained
for him to say in reply to the honorable senator
from South Carolina; and he hoped, if the discus-
sion was to go on, that it would be so conducted as
to render it unnecessary for him to participate frj1'"
ther in if The view which had been offered of the
benefits to accrue to the South from a dissolution of
the Union, if offered as an illustration, was, he con-
sidered, a most unhappy one, and could only \ e
viewed in a favorable light by men (if any could be
found) possessed of more zeal, but much less dis~-
cretion, than the honorable senator. He [Mr. Mc-
Duffie] had painted, in most inviting colors, the
happiness that the proposed southern confederacy
would enjoy, when freed from the shackles of the-
government of the Union, and careering onward un-
der the direction of some form of separate legisla-
tion. He had permitted his imagination to dwell
on the unwmpled prosperity that was, umjer a dis?
