315
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March, 1844.
S8th Cong 1st Sess.
Surrender of Fugitives—Mr. Levy.
H. of Reps.
ing those citizens to the means of protecting them'
selves.
Upon the subject of war, let me, once for all, gay
there is no gentleman here who would be farther
from involving his country in an unjust war than I
would. There are none here who appreciate the
horrors of war more sensibly. I appeal to God for
the sincerity of my declaration, that no earthly con-
sideration would induce me to take a step, or givfe a
vote here, that would plunge the country iii an un-
just war. I could not 'brave the goatlings' of my
own conscience for such an act. But, armed with
justice and with right, as we are here, I, for one,
can never pause to weigh the consequences. "Thrice
is he armed who hath his quarrel just."
In conclusion, I must add, that a tardy course
here—a refusal to act on the part of Congress—will
have no effect in allaying the deep and settled deter-
mination of the Western people. From the days of
Lewis and Clark, they have regarded the rich valley
ot the Oregon with growing interest; and this hour
they are more keenly alive to the question that has
grown out of it thin any other since the last strug-
gle with Great Britain. They feel not only the im-
portance of the territory, but they feel the nation's
honor involved^ and, thus feeing, ^ey will never
right* a SUrrender 0r lotion of their birtk-
Involving all that it does, to thfeiil it is priceless.
, No equivalent in money m buy it. All the
«w a ft6 moSl TOUrtly negotiator cannot
vm it away, and I bv^ proclaim what I believe to
S®"era' senti>;lient, 0f tj10ge j represent. They
to do, preserve it entire, undi-
> or> " God so will it, perish in its defence.
SPEECH OF MR. LEVY,
of florida.
in the House iff Representatives^ March 5, 1844—
Mr. LEVY moved that the message of the Presi-
dent m relation to the fugitive criminals from Flori-
da be referred to the Committee of Foreign Affairs,
with the following instructions—to wit:
"To make inquiry into the facts of any eases of
demand for surrender of fugitive criminals under the
tenth article of the treaty of Washington, which
may have arisen upon requisition of either of the
respective parties to said treaty, and to recommend
such course as may be proper for the adoption of
this House m respect thereto; and especially wheth-
er it be advisable for this House to recommend to
the President to notify the British government that
it is the wish of this government to terminate the
said tenth article of tha treaty."
Mr. LEVY said: I regard this to be the most im-
portant subject to the interests of the Territory I
represent, which has arisen since 1 have had the
honor of a seat here; and to be one of the most im-
portant in a national point of view, which is likely to
occur during the present Congress. Its national im-
portance proceeds not alone from the fact that it is
connected with the foreign relations of the country,
(always among the most delicate of our interests,)
but from the further considerations that the foreign
power concerned is the great and natural enemy of
our security, permanence, and prosperity as a na-
tion; and that the questions involved bring dircctly
to the test the homogeneousness of the feelings that
bind together the several sections of this Union.
The occasion furnishes the opportunity todetermme
Jlow sinceie are the professions so often heaid upon
this floor, of a patriotism which distinguishes not
between sections, and a devotion which rccogmscs
110 limits but those of the country, and the whole
country. We now have the opportunity to see
whether, in a question involving national faith and
the obligations of a treaty, (though relating especial-
ly to the southern section of this Union, and to a
southern interest,) the people of the whole confedera-
cy are prepared to stand up boldly and generously,
as a nation, in vindication of the violated rights and
interests, and in sympathy with the outraged feel-
ings, of their common countrymen of that particular
section. I, for one, do not doubt the result.
I regret that the high questions involved could not
have been brought forward by one more competent
to die duty; but as the representative of the Territo-
ry from whose jurisdiction these harbored felons
escaped, and to whose wrong and injury the infrac-
tion of the treaty more immediately operates, I have
felt that it was demanded of me to bring the subject
v(> the attention of this House and of the nation. I
The report which I shall hope to see from the i
Committee on Foreign Affairs, under the instructions
I offer, will be a resolution recommending the Presi-
dent to signify to the British gofefnthent that it is
the wish of this nation to terminate the tenth articie.
Such a resolution, I trust, will pass this House, un-
less, in the mean time, the government of Great Brit-
ain should exhibit a readiness tp retract from its
piesent position, and to surrender the fugitives refer-
red tb in the President's iriessa^e. Bttt bfefore I can
ask this House to adopt the instructions 1 have of-
fered, I deem it incumbent upon me to show, not
only that it is competent to the United States gov-
ernment to abrogate the tenth article at its pleasure,
but also that it is not unusual for this House to
adopt a course such as I propoee, in reference to in
terests connected with our foreign intercourse.
In reference to the right of this government to ab-
rogate the tenth article of the treaty, I need do no more
than refer the attention of the House to the latter
clause of the 11th article, which provides that "the
tenth article shall continue in force until one or the
other of the parties shall signify its wish to termi-
nate it, and no longer." This right it is the bounden
duty of the government to exert, if it be found that
there has been ill faith on the part of Great Britain,
or that the provision operates unequally in respect
to thedifferent sections of the Unionj or proves to
have been unwise in its design, or so careless in its
phraseology as to bo liable to diversity of construc-
tion.
In evidence of the custom of this House to take
action of the character I propose, it is sufficient to
refer to the instance to which I called the attention
of the gentleman from Ohio on a former occasion.
It was a resolution passed in 1828, requesting the
President to institute negotiations with Great Britain
for the surrender of fugitive slaves. The resolution
does not appear in the journals of the day, because,
I presume, it was considered in secret session. But
it will be found in the executive documents of that
year in a message from the President communicating
the particulars of the negotiation.
I presume the resolution was considered in secret
session, because it proposed the initiation of a nego-
tiation. But, besides my being averse to anything
like mystery in the transactions of a republican
government, the present occasion does not call for
concealment. It is with an infraction of a treaty
obligation that I chargc Great Britain, and if this be
made to appear, it is proper that the public indigna-
tion should be openly and decidedly manifested be-
fore all the world. I think, also, that there is a pe-
culiar propriety and fitness in the practice, by this
House, of the course 1 have shown to be recognised
by precedent. It is right that, wherever a great
public interest is pending and involved, this House
should make itself heard in behalf of the people. It
is here alone that a full concentration of popular
sentiment is to be found. It is from this hall that
the manifestations of American feeling should be
made to the world, and the echo of the people's will
go forth as the voice of the only true American sov-
ereignty. Here it is that the national feeling, dis-
playing its pulsations, indicates to its agents and or-
gans the national will. Whenever, then, the honor
of the nation is attacked, or its rights violated, it is
in this body, instinct with the spirit of the people,
that the first throbs of popular indignation may be
expected to exhibit itself.
I propose to show that the occasion justifies the
motion 1 have made. I do not design to discuss at
large, now, all the questions which aie involved. It
will be time enough for that when the committee
shall have made its repoit. My object at present is
simply to present the case on its facts, with the
principles that apply to them, fully and fairly to the
consideration of this House.
It will be recollected, sir, that, when a clause was
found to exist m the British treaty which had been
ratified by the Seriate, and promulged by the Presi-
dent as a part of the supreme law of the land, pro-
viding for the extradition of fugitives from justice,
it had been regarded with satisfaction, or indiffer-
ence, no doubt being entertained that its terms com-
prehended a full equality of pi ovision for all parts
of the country. I take it for' granted, that when
the American secretary was negotiating with the
British minister upon the subject, he rested under
the full conviction that ail winch appeared upon the
face of the article as proposed, would be carried in-
to effect m good faith by Great Britain, as it certain-
ly would be by this nation. He forgot that it was
necessary to treat with that power at arm's length.
He had forgotten the history of a diplomatic trans-
action whicli occtirretl during the administration of
Mr. Madison, and which immediately preceded the
late hostilities between the two governments. So
deeply stained with perfidy was that transaction,
as to_ have justified an open and formal charge of it
by Mr. Madison, in the face of all the world,
.against Great Britain. I allude to the fact that, at
the very moment when that nation, through its min-
ister, was inviting negotiations for the amicable ad-
justment of the differences between the two coun-
tries, and when it was supposed that terms had been
agreed upon which would bring to a peaceable con-
clusion the difficulties. then impending, and which
threatened an open war, the British nation (as was
afterwards ascertained) had a special agent in this
country, fomenting divisions, and exciting factious
dissensions among our people. No sooner had the
machinations of this agent been ascertained to have
been perfected, as far as it was practicable, (which,
thanks to the patriotism of our people, was not far,)
than the British government suddenly and shame-
lessly repudiated the acts of its minister, and denied
his authority to engage in the negotiation into which
they had treacherously lured us. Let the extract of
Mr. Madison's message to Congress of June 1,
1812, speak for itself:
"There was a period when a favorable change ill
the policy of the British cabinet was justly consid-
ered as established. The minister plenipotentiary
of his Britannic Majesty here, proposed an adjust-
ment of the differences more immediately endanger-
ing the harmony of the two countries. The prop-
osition was accepted with the promptitude and cor-
diality corresponding with the invariable professions
of this government. A foundation appeared to be
laid for a sincere and lasting reconciliation. The
prospect, however, quickly vanished. The whole
proceeding was disavowed by the British govern-
ment, without any explanations which could at that
time repress the belief that the disavowal proceeded
from a spirit of hostility to the commercial rights
and prosperity of the United States. And it has
since come into proof, that, at the very moment
when the public minister was holding the language
of friendship, and inspiring confidence in the sin-
cerity of the negotiation with which he was charged,
a secret agent of-his government was employed in
intrigues having for their object a subversion of our
government and a dismemberment of our happy
Union."
This glaring instance of bad faith in Great Britain,
of that utter disregard of the candor and honor
which should mark the bearing of nations in their
intercourse with each other, brands her forever with
merited infamy, and she should no more be trusted
ill her dealings.
The American negotiator forgot, then, that, in
treating with such a government, we should treat at
arm's length. The result of the first attempt to bring
her to the execution of one of the most important
provisions of this last treaty, proves that whatever
were the motives and designs of her negotiator, the
design and purpose of his government is now to
practise what I might almost be justified in terming
her usual disposition in her dealings with this coun-
try—ill faith, duplicity, treachery.
What, sir, has been the course of this govern-
ment in the execution, upon our part, of the provis-
ions of this act? Has there been a pretence of fail-
ure to comply with its terms now or heretofoie?
Let it be remembered that a similar provision once
existed between the two governments in Jay's trea-
ty. In the utmost simplicity of good faith, on the
very first occasion which occurred under that treaty,
we had gone to lengths infinitely beyond what
those disposed to the most liberal good faith in the
execution of a treaty obligation could justify. I al-
lude to the case of Jonathan Robbins, to which I
shall have occasion to refer more particularly here-
after. And what has been our course under the
present treaty? The only case m which demand
had been made under the tenth article, is that of
Christina Gilmour. It was the case of a poor,
ignorant, idiotic, defenceless female, who, upon
the demand of the British government, had been
promptly (I should say hastily) surrendered. She
was sent by us 3,000 miles over the ocean, to
be tried for an alleged crime, of which, upon trial
afterwards in Scotland, she was declared to be in-
nocent. What, was the proof upon which she was
surrendered? Nothing—absolutely nothing more
than the deposition of McKay, a rural police
officer of Scotland, as he styled himself, who stated
that he had a warrant from a magistrate in Scotland
for her apprehension. The charge against her was
