March, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
24 7
Surrender of Fugitives—Mr. Levy.
the murder of her husband. The facts, as deposed
to by this, the only witness, were, that three
months or more after the interment of her husband
the body had been exhumed, and a substance sup-
posed to be arsenichad been discovered in his stomach.
But the witness expressly, and in the very words I
use, testified "that he was not abje to swear thai the
body icas the body of Joh/ix Gilinour from his own
knowledge," and "that he had no means of knowing
how it (the arsenic) came there, nor anything which
would tend to implicate the prisoner." Exculpatory
: evidence was refused to be heard by the magis-
trate, and he decreed a surrender. This case has
not attracted the attention it deserves; but it never-
theless illustrates in strong colors the high and im-
plicit good faith with which this government is dis-
posed to execute its engagements. I ought not to
omit the remark that, whatever may be thought of
the correctness of this transaction, the administration
here is not liable to blame for directing her surrender.
I he magistrate had declared the evidence sufficient
ror commitment, and the President had no other al-
ternative than to order the surrender of the ac-
cused.
I have shown, sir, that, in the ihst case which had
arisen under this treaty, we had acted in good faith,
and had complied most liberally with the require-
ments of the treaty. I now propose to show how
jai Great Britain has exhibited a disposition to emu-
late us in this lesson of honest and liberal good faith.
I shall be much mistaken if I do hot show, by the
jftiost ample evidence, that the design has been en-
tertained ab origins, by that government, to practise
ill faith in respect to cases arising under this clause,
in which slaves were the offenders, or in which the
southern section of this Union was interested.
For this purpose I shall refer to authentic devel-
opments in the British Parliament, and elsewhere.
It will be difficult to resist the impression, when we
consider how immediately afterwards these proofs of
ill faith were exposed, that the purpose of violating
this clause, in an essential particular, existed even
mirtrig; the negotiation. It will be recollected that
JLord Ashburton had proceeded on his triumphant
return to Great Britain no farther than New York,
when, in conference with a committee of abolition-
ists m JNew York, he was guilty of the indelicacy,
 to say nothing of the indiscretion, of giving inter-
pretation to this clausc of the treaty before he had
made report of his negotiation to his own govern-
ment. He there avowed the principle that crimes
committed by slaves m effecting their escape would
not be coveied by the treaty; and declared that cases
similar to that of the Creole would not be recognised
as coming within its intent; and "that the friends of
the slave in England would be very watchful to
see that no wrong practice took place under the
treaty. "*
H. of Reps.
*"Lord Ashburton and Anti-Slavery.—We
learn from a communication in the Journal of Com-
merce, that pi evious to the departure of Lord Ashbur-
ton, a delegation from the American and Foreign Anti-
Slavery society solicited and obtained an interview
with him, to lay before him facts for representation
to his government, having reference to the tenth ar-
ticle of the recently concluded treaty; which, it ap-
pears, they apprehended might be so construed as
to cause the surrender of fugitive slaves, under the
name of criminals. The result is thus described:
"The delegation was courteously received by Mr.
Mildmay, secretary of the special mission of H. B.
M. and by him introduced to Lord A. who invited
them to be seated, expressed much satisfaction at
seeing: them, and entered into a frank and full con-
versationon the subject for which the interview was
requested.
"The delegation, after congratulating the British
envoy on the successful termination of the mission,
informed him of the particulars of the case of Nel-
son Hackett, a slave who fled from Arkansas to
Canada, where his pursuers overtook him, had him
arrested on a charge'of stealing a coat, gold watch,
and horse, of his master. Hackett was imprisoned,
and, meantime, a grand jury in Aikansas indicted
him. A demand was forwarded from the governor
of Arkansas, to the governor general of Canada, for
his surrender. Sir Charles Bagot complied, and
Hacket was taken back to Arkansas. The delega-
tion stated to Lord A. their apprehension that such
a course occurring without any treaty stipulation,
there was great cause of apprehension tl^at under
the tenth article of the treaty, which provides for the
mutual surrender of all persons charged with cer-
tain specified crimes, no fugitive slave would be ,
Well, following up this exposition of his feelings
and views, we find him, upon the introduction df*
the extradition bill in the House of Lords, declaring
that he "could assure their lordships that there was
no part of the treaty which had received their lord-
ship's approbation that he Iboked to -with more anx-
iety than Us possible operation on the condition of
slavery."
Upon the same occasion, Lord Aberdeen declared
that "not only was a fugitive slave guilty of no
crime in endeavoring to escape from a state of bond-
age, but he was entitled to the sympathy and en-
couragement of all those who were animated by
Christian feelings."
Such was the language used by Earl Aberdeen
on presenting to the House of Lords the bill to
carry into effect this clause. Gentlemen here of a
certain class of opinion upon the subject of slavery
safe in Canada; especially when it is notorious that
slaveholders allege crimes against fugitive slaves, as
one expedient for their reclamation.
"Lord Ashburton went into an explanation of the
tenth article, and mentioned several particulars of*
the discussion that took place, both on that topic
and others relating to slaves. He said that it was veiy
desirable to have an article in the treaty to meet
cases similar to that of Holmes, who fled from Can-
ada into Vermont, and the cases that would fre-
quently arise, considering the extent of the border-
ing lines, and the temptation for criminals to flee
acros the lines in hope of securing themselves from
arrest and punishment. The governor of Canada
was anxious that deserters should be included: but
as Lord A. learned that a claim would be put in for
the delivering up of fugitive slaves, he abandoned
the question of deserters from H. B. Ivl's posses-
sions. He was also very desirous to secure the
delivery of mutineers, but did not press it, lest it
should involve, on the part of his government, the
delivery of slaves situated as were those on board
the Creole.
"With regard to the case of the slave Hackett, he
did not know all the facts. Sir Charles Bagot was
know to him, and he did not believe he would do
anything intentionally wrong. But he had just en-
tered upon his duties, and was probably desirous,
at that juncture, of promoting good feeling with his
neighbors. The fact the slave had taken his mas-
ter's watch, was a circumstance that probably went
against him. 'Had he only taken the horse,' said
Lord A., [looking at Gerritt Smith significantly,
though he could not be supposed ever to have read
the advice of that gentleman to fugitive slaves] 'he
would not probably have been surrendered, for you
know the horse was necessary for his escape.' Lord
A. said that, in framing the tenth article, great care
had been taken to provide that inferior magistrates
in Canada should have no authority to surrender
fugitives, as had been urged by the other party, and
of so great importance. Great care would be taken,
that only the goveinoi himself could perform an act
of so great importance. Great care would be taken,
he had no doubt, to protect the innocent, and that
the taking of an article necessary to effect an escape
would not be considered felonious.
"If, said he, the operation of the tenth article
proves injurious,-he had no doubt the British govern-
ment would put an end to it, agreeably to another
provision of the treaty, viz: 'The tenth article shall
continue in force until one or the other party shall
signify its wish to terminate it, and no longer.'
Lord A. said that when the delegation came to read
his coirespondence with Mr. Webster, they would
see that he had taken all possible carc to prevent
any injury being done to the people of color; that if
he had even been willing to introduce an article in-
cluding cases similar to that of the Creole, his
government would never have ratified it, as they
will adhere to the great principles they have so
long avowed and maintained; and that the friends of
the slave in England would be very watchful to
see that no wrong practice took place under the tenth
article.
"The delegation 'now rose, and after thanking
Lord A. for the candid and satisfactory manner in
which he had received their communications, and
answered their inquiries—wishing the Divine bless-
ing for the part he had taken in perpetuating peace
between the respective countries, and protecting the
aights of the oppressed, and a safe and speedy re-
turn to his native land—took their leave highly
gratified with the courtesy, frankness, intelligence,
and philanthropy of this distinguished nobleman."
[JViies's Register, vol. 63, p. 53.
laugh; but this is only an introduction to the evi-
dences of ill faith which 1 shall present. It sufficiently
ifhoWs, however, that a discrimination against the
South formed apart of the deliberate purpose of the
British ministry.
When thfc bill came Up for discussion in the
Souse of ComniOns, the attorney general, speaking
upon the authority and as the organ of the govern-
ment, announced that, "in the case of the Creole, it
was the opinion of the law officers of the govern-
ment that, according to our law, it could not for a
moment be permitted that the slaves should be re-
stored. They were as safe in the Bahama Islands
as they would be in the Exchange; and whatever
were the consequences, her Majesty's ministers were
prepared to act up to the law. He thought he might
pledge the government to the declaration that on any
similar' occasion they would pursue a similar
course."
It must be borne in mind that the American peo-
ple have ever cvinced a strong disinclination to this
policy ef extradition, and that this repugnance was
father strengthened tiian appeased by the operation
of the clause in Jay's treaty, tinder which the Rob-
bins case oCttlHfl: Sd deeply seated has been this
feeling in the minds (he pfeoplft of this nation, that
no administration has ever vetiiwed, since that time,
to re-enact such a clause, until Mr'. Webster intro-
duced it into this treaty, and introduced it silently,
(for there was no mention of it in his diplomatic
correspondence.) Now, if there was anything
which had brought the country to acquiesce in a
stipulation of this sort, it was the necessity (which
the enormity of the Creole case exposed) of some
such arrangement with a conterminous and neigh-
boring power, holding such principles as those prac-
tised by Great Britain. In that case, blood-stained
murderers and pirates were shielded from the pun-
ishment due to their crimes, under circumstances
that would have richly justified a declaration of war.
Like that which has now occurred, it was a case,
not of flight from service; it was not the case of a
demand for the surrender of fugitive slaves, but for
criminals, who had, by their acts, brought them-
selves within the strict definitions of piracy and
murder upon the high seas. Here, then, was a case
of piracy and murder, the perpetrators of which'
were protected by the British government, be-
cause there was no treaty provision upon this sub-
ject. No one can recur to the history of the negoti-
ation of the late treaty, without being convinced that
the case of the Creole, so far as any of those on board
were participant in the crime of murder, was under-
stood to be comprehended. The criminals in that
particular ease were not surrendered under it, be-
cause the case was anterior to the treaty. But I
cannot doubt that it was understood by the Ameri 
can secretary, that Lord Ashburton intended him so
to understand, and that the Senate understood—^ccr-
tainly the American people understood—that cases
of piracy and murder, similar to that on board the
Creole, were intended to be provided for in that
treaty. It is impossible it could have been other-
wise ratified. It is impossible the people would
otherwise have yielded their assent. It is quite clear
that it was so understood at the time in Great Brit-
ain. In proof of this, I refer to her journals—the
medium through which her literature (and, it may
almost be said, her governmental policy) speaks.
The London Quarterly Review, in commenting
upon the treaty, holds the following language; and
this one quotation will be sufficient to mark the un-
derstanding in that country:
"But though this question (the surrender of the
Creole murderers) was not settled, and, in fact, could
not be settled by the treaty, (being prior to it,) it
probably produced the article of extradition we have
just mentioned. Besides the question of the eman-
cipation of the slaves in the Creole, there was also a
question of murder. Our authorities should willing-
ly have given up the accused for trial before their
natural and national tribunals, but that the United
States had formerly repudiated a convention of ex-
tradition. There had been, we think, under Mr.
Jay's treaty, such an arrangement; but it had been
renounced by America, and she had rejected all
overtures for renewing it. This case, however,
brought her back to a reconsideration of the matter,
and its various bearings; and the result has been thir.
article, which we really believe is of more real prac-
tical importance to the two countries than all the
other special provisions of the .treaty put together."
It is here admitted by this British authority, that
the case of the Creole was the moving inducement,
the exciting cause to the consideration of the queg.
