234
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■was claimed, in the first place, that the reception of
these petitions would a stop to the flood of abolition
petitions that were continually pouring in upon the
House, and thereby allay the excitement which they
occasioned. Now, he would ask gentlemen, what
was this 21st rule adopted for? Were there no abo-
lition petitions before that rule was brought into
being? What was it adopted for? Why, it was to
prevent these abolition petitions from coming in,
which then, as now, interrupted the business of this
House, and created jealousies and heart-burnings
throughout the country; and yet gentlemen told him
that the repeal of this rule would diminish their
number. They flattered themselves that by putting
down this rule there would be no more abolition pe- -
titions. Gentlemen who argued thus were mistaken.
They would find to their cost that it would be
enly yielding so much to the enemy; they would
find to their sorrow that, when this rule was taken
away, the whole time of the House would be taken
up in receiving these petitions and legislating on
questions connected with them. But it was said that
these petitions ought to be received because they re-
lated to the District of Columbia, over which Con-
gress possessed exclusive jurisdiction, and therefore
had the right to abolish slavery in it. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts asserted it as a fact that
could not be doubted, that Congress possessed that
right; that it would be monstrous to assert that Con-
gress had not the power to abolish that abominable
traffic, as he termed it, which was carried on in
this District. Highly as he respected that gentle-
man's talents and his influence in this body, he must
differ with him in the opinions he thus ex-
pressed. The power of exclusive legislation
over the District; as given in the constitution,
did not mean universal, unlimited legislation—the
right to do everything. It only meant that Con-
gress alone, and no other legislative body, should
have the power to pass such laws as are needed for
this District. If Congress could do this, it would be
as omnipotent as the Parliament of Great Britain.
Let us look (said Mr. H.) and see what it prohibits
Congress from doing. It cannot make laws respect-
ing an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the
free exercise thereof, or abridging the freedom of
speerh, or of the press; nor can it establish titles of
nobility, nor can it pass a law by which a citizen
may be twice put in jeopardy of life or limb, for the
same offence, nor compelled to be a witness against
himself. It has not the power to take private prop-
erty for public use, without making just compensa-
tion therefor. Here were several things that Con-
gress could not do; and when gentlemen told him
that Congress had the power to abolish slavery in
this District, lie pointed to the constitution, and ask-
ed them where would they find the power to do it.
He denied, in. fofo, that the power of exclusive legis-
lation given to Congress over this District, meant
absolute, unlimited power. This constitution (said
Mr. H.) keeps you within certain bounds, beyond
which you cannot go; and you cannot set at liberty a
single slave "without violating it, and violating your
oaths. Much as he respected the talents and stand-
ing of the gentleman from Massachusetts, he joined
issue with him on the position lie had taken. ' If the
doctrine be true that negro slaves are private proper-
ty—if the doctrine be true that you cannot touch pri-
vate property,unless you make compensation for it—I
ask you, and 1 ask the abolitionists, how you c.m dare
to touch the question of slavery in tins Distiict with-
out violating your oaths' No, sir, exclusive legis-
lation does not mean that you can t:tk" a man's
propeity v. ithout his consent, unless it is required
foi the public vand then yon must make him
compensation. Von cannot take it for the public use,
for there is no public, use which it can be put to.
He should like to know what use this government
hod (or negro slaves. Do you, said lie, want to
buy them to wait m the President's House' Do
you want to employ them in keeping the Penn-
sylvania avenue m repair, or to keep the public
grounds ill order' or do you want them to run on
errands from this House t0 the post office.' He
knew of 110 other public use they could be put to.
He would therefore tell gentlemen, once for all, that
so long as the constitution lasted,all the abolitionists
in the world could not touch a single negro slave m
this District. He would go further. He denied
the power of the Stale legislatures to abolish slavery
in the States. It was true that it had been done by
the legislatures of some of the States, and acqui-
esced m; but he denied their constitutional light to
do it. Where (said he) is the power given to the
legislature of Mississippi to take my property? The
game supreme law that secures to me my horse or
my ox, secures to me my negro; and it is not in the
power of the legislature or of Congress, aided by all
the abolitionists in the country, to deprive me of it.
He set this down as a doctrine that could not be
controverted. There was one thing, however, he ad-
mitted, that Congress had the power to do; and that
was to receive petitions for a redress of grievances.
Well, the people of the North who petition on the
subject of abolition, considered themselves as suffer-
ing under great grievances, because negro slavery
exists in the South; and the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Giddmgs] declared that the grievance had be-
come so intolerable, that the northern people had to
support the southern slaves. This was a new idea;
and the gentleman from Ohio had the merit of origi-
nating it. He confessed, however, that he could
not understand it; and he did not believe that the
gentleman understood it himself. But the gentle-
man considered negro slavery as a great grievance;
and he would, therefore, examine the condition of
the free negroes at the North, and compare them
with the slaves of the South. Mr. H. here con-
trasted the happy, well-fed, healthy, and moral con-
dition of the southern slaves, with the condition of
the miserable, vicious, and degraded free blacks of
the North. He showed, from the tables of the cen-
sus, the vast disproportion there was between the
number of the insane and idiots among the northern
free negroes and the slaves of the South; and idiocy
and lunacy, he said, in the lower classes, had been
sjiown by medical men to be invariably caused by
vice and misery.
He next contrasted the amount of crime found to
exist in the black population of the North, with that
existing m the same population at the South. In
Pennsylvania, for instance, the tables showed that
there was only a population of 50,000 free negroes;
yet the tables showed that, out of every nine con-
victs in the penitentiaries there, seven of them were
blacks. Look (said he) at any penitentiary in the
Southern States, and you will find that there are very
few blacks in it. Then the abolitionists think that
it is another grievance to them that the blacks m the
South are cruelly treated. It had been his fortune
to travel a great deal in various parts of the world;
and he could truly say that there was not a laboring
population on the earth so happy, so well treated,
and so contented as the negroes of the South. In
Italy, France, Spain, and the British dominions m
Europe, the laboring classes were in a state of abject
wretchedness and want, which might make them
envy the negroes of the Southern States.
From want and destitution, they wore led to crime;
and, as a natural consequence of their misery, the
property of the higher classes was rendered inse-
cure. How was it m the Southern States' There
the laboring population were not driven by starva-
tion to theft and robbery. In Mississippi, locks
were never us^d; and the planters, with their wives
and their little ones, slept secure without them, in
the midst of their slaves. Our houses and our corn-
cribs are never locked, unless, indeed, it may be in
the neighborhood of villages occupied by Yankees.
We are not afraid of our slaves, because we give
them enough to eat, and they have no temptation to
plunder. We are not afraid to go away and leave
our w ives and our children, for our slaves, being-
treated with kindness, love their masters and mis-
tresses, and are always ready to protect them. But
reverse the picture, and go to'New York; go to Phil-
adelphia, or any other town in the North; and
of ell he miserable, degraded, down-cast wretches
it had ever been his lot to see, the free blacks
there were lowest in the scale. Those gen-
tlemen who were so anxious that the South
should set the negroes fier,—what had they done to
ameliorate the condition of their black population.
Had they put them in stations of honor or trust?
Did they invite them to sit at their tables, and asso-
ciate with their families' Why, so far from asso-
ciates with them, they would liardly suffer them to
exercise the daily employment of* driving a cart.
There was, however, one exception to tins harsh
kind of treatment of the black race, and he was glad
now to notice it. The ladies of the town of Relio-
both, in Massachusetts, petitioned the legislature to
repeal the law prohibiting'marriages between blacks
and whites. The legislature accordingly did repeal
the law, and this was the only good thing they did
for the black raee. He did not know what sort of
ladies these petitioners might have been—perhaps
they were old maids, or they might have been mar-
ried women tired of their husbands, and anxious to
experience tii^ charms of variety. They might
have been ladies of taste, but they certainly were not
ladies of smell.
But in the midst of this hurrah of the old maids,
or whatever they were, the black ladies got alarmed,
and said, if this were to be allowed, they should get
no husbands at all; and they petitioned against per-
mission being allowed to the white ladies to marry
the blacks. But the legislature of Massachusetts,
always true to its principles and purposes, told the
black women they must do the best they could for
themselves, for the ladies wanted to get the blacks
for their husbands; and that legislature repealed the
prohibitory law, and there it stood. This was the
way, he supposed, they wished to relieve the African
race. He had said that Massachusetts was true to
her principles; she was still pouring her petitions
upon Congress, not only for the abolition of slavery,
but for money to pay her gallant militia for their
services in the last war. [Laughter.] Yes, peti-
tions were gravely presented for^an appropriation for
the militia of Massachusetts for their services in the
last war! But the House never got any such peti-
tions from Georgia or Louisiana. The women of
those States stayed at home to take care of tlieir
husbands and of their domestic concerns, in-
stead of running about to get up petitions
on such subjects; but gallant Massachusetts.—
Massachu etts, which was so brave in the last war
—came here, not only to petition for the blacks, but
for large sums of money to pay the-militia for the
noble stand they took in the last war. [Laughter.]
The militia of Mississippi were at New Orleans; the
militia of Kentucky were at New Orleans; the mili-
tia of Tennessee, and of other States too, were like-
wise at the battle of New Orleans; their cannon were
there; but no petition came here asking Congress
for any favor; what they did was done in their coun-
try's service; and in whatever glory the country
then acquired they felt that they participated. No:
the petitions that came here came from another quar-
ter; they came from the North; and there was noth-
ing that could be named under heaven, down to the
building of an insignificant cabin on a form, about
which they would not have petitions from the North.
He was tired of these petitions, and he wished an
end to be put to this pitiful business; but he must
be permitted to say, that if they thought nothing
more was meant in "this than the right of petition,
they were very much mistaken. There was a power
behind the throne, m the North, greater than the
throne itself. There was a foreign influence at
work, and if it was not now seen it would
be soon felt. Great Britain, or some of
her people, were at the bottom of all this.
Look at the world's convention, with a German
beggar (Prince Albert) for its president—a German
who was pensioned on the people of England ot the
sum of ^50,000 a year, because the Queen of Eng-
land expressed the wish to sleep with him. And
that upstart young man, (now a pensioner on the
people of England) was to regulate the world's
affairs, for he presided over the world's convention;
and they saw the abolitionists of this country run-
ning over to take counsel with British traitors how-
to break down our constitution, and overturn our
government. These things struck him with aston-
ishment and sorrow. Pie was sorry, too, a few
months ago, to see that a person named Brougham
thought fit to assail the executive of the United
States, because the President of the United States
was disposed to sympathize with the people of Ire-
land on the subject of Irish repeal. Now it was
known the the president of the world's con-
vention—the husband of the Queen the pom-
pensioner on the oppressed people of EiHend  
had meddled with the affairs of this country, and
yet it was supposed that the President of the United
States should have nothing to say about England
and her affairs with Ireland. It was humiliating
enough, and mortifying to tiie national pride, to see
the head of this nation assailed, as he had been by
the press of tnis country—this was sufficiently gall-
ing to the lmtiunal piide; but they were obliged to
submit to it, however much they might regret it,
because they could not abridge the liberty of the
press; but when an English abolitionist, an upstart.
aristocrat, a mountebank politician, and a traitor to
his principles, took the liberty to assail the head of
this nation, he assailed us all; because the President
was put where he is by the American people, and
he had sustained himself on occasions the most try-
ing and important, at a time when the country was
in danger, when the constitution was threatened, and
when no one hardly knew what a day would bring
forth, with a moral firmness worthy of Jackson
