252
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Surrender of Fugitives—Mr. Levy.
H. of Reps.
has been found has aided the police of the country
against which the crime was committed, in bringing
the criminal to punishment." The practice in Great
Britain, to look only to the law of the place where the
offence was committed as a test of the criminality of
the acts charged, and of the consequent duty to sur-
render, was strongly illustrated in the case of Kim-
berly, (2 Str. 848.) Kimberly was apprehended in
England on the charge of feloniously marrying
Bridget Reading in Ireland, contrary to an Irish act
of Parliament. He was surrendered, and upon trial
in Ireland, was condemned and executed. Here,
then, was a surrender made in deference to a law of
the p'.acc, which made it a felony, punishable with
death, to marry an heiress; and the British court
considered that if the law of the place declared that
act to be a felony, worthy of death, it made it atro-
cious enough to bring it within the rule of national
law. This case was decided while Ireland was a
distinct and separate kingdom, and rested solely
upon the principle that to surrender fugitives guilty
of crimes of high degree, was an obligation, and
that the law of the place where the offence was com-
mitted must decide the degree of criminality in the
act charged.
The inconvenience of the doctrine claimed by Great
Britain is also against such construction. If they
are correct, the nccessary consequence would be that a
full trial must be had before surrender in every case
of demand. Nothing short of a full trial could ascer-
tain the criminality of the fugitive, as tested by the
laws of England. An American judicial charge
would not be sufficient, but a British judicial convic-
tion (or what would be tantamount to it) would be
required as the condition of surrender.
The plain direction to which the construction
claimed by Great Britain points, is the protection of
slaves from surrender under the treaty. For this
purpose, she seems willing even to violate a treaty—
a treaty which is the most solemn and sacred of na-
tional obligations—to violate it by pretending a con-
struction impracticable, absurd, inconvenient, un-
equal, and contrary to the laws of nations, and her
own laws and practice. The object had in view by
British statesmen, and the British judges, is too
clearly manifested to be mistaken or overlooked.
The doctrine of Lord Palmerston is, that—■
"In no case, where a slave was charged with the
offence of murder or robbery, would any English
magistrate be justified in delivering him up for trial,
unless the offence he was charged with was one that
was looked on as a murder or robbery by the law of
England; and he apprehended that any act that a
slave might commit in resisting the coercion of his
master could not amount to murder, and would not
justify a magistrate in giving up the fugitive."
And Lord Stanley, in reply, designed to assent to
the doctrine, in asserting, as the view of the British
government, that "no fugitive could, under the trea-
ty, be surrendered as a murderer, unless his offence
was such as our (their) laws would qualify with that
epithet."
The British judges at Nassau say: "What may
constitute the crime of murder in Florida may be
very far from doing so according to the British laws,
or even to the laws of the northern States of
Amcrica."
The meaning of this is not to be mistaken. It is,
that a slave may kill, rob, burn, forge, or pirate, to
accomplish escape, without being regarded as guilty
of murder, arson, robbery, forgery, or piracy, by
British law, and therefore without liability to sur-
render under the treaty.
Let us examine the doctrine, and see how tena-
ble it is. >
If even the construction they contend for be ad-
mitted to be correct, British law will not sustain
them in the consequence they deduce from it. They
must violate the treaty, not only in its construction,
but they must violate it in fact—flagrantly and wan-
tonly violate it, and overleap British law m doing so
—before they can reach their great purpose of pro-
tection and encouragement to slaves, by sheltering
them from the punishment due to them for murder,
even "in resisting the coercion of their masters,"
(as Lord Palmerston has it;) or for robbery, though
"necessary for their escape," (in the language of
Lord Ash burton.)
In respect to murder, first. The construction they
claim is, that the fugitive charged with murder shall
not be surrendered, unless upon such evidence as in
Great Britain would justify commitment for trial.
Now, admit that the criminality is to be tested by
British law: what is the rule ill Great Britain? It is,
that proof of a homicide is all that is necessary for
commitment for trial; and that, the fact of the hom-
icide being made to appear, and probable cause of
suspicion that it was done by the accused, there is
no discretion but to commit. I cite their own au-
thorities for this:
"If a person be killed by another, (says Chitty,)
though it be per infortunium, or even se defendeiido,
which is not properly felony, yet the justice ought
not to discharge; for he must undergo his trial."—Ch.
Cr. L 89.
After commitment, he may be bailed, if the fact
of the prisoner's being the slayer be matter of sus-
picion only, or if the facts clearly show a case of
manslaughter simply; but not even then, after an in-
dictment.
"A prisoner must be committed without bail,
(says Blackstone,) if he be clearly the slayer, and
not barely suspected to be so; or if any indictment
be found against him."—4 Black. Comm. 300.
"A man charged with murder by the verdict of
the coroners inquest (says Chitty as before quoted)
may be admitted to bail if it appear by the deposi-
tions to amount only to manslaughter, though not
after the finding of a grand jury."—Ch. Cr. L. 129.
The principle is too well settled in England, and in
every other country which values the lives of its
citizens, to need authority in its support; that every
man who takes the life of his fellow man, (whatever
be the justification or excuse,) must undergo his trial.
No British or American lawyer will gainsay it.
And it is equally well settled that the trial can only
be had in the jurisdiction and vicinage where the
killing happened; and that no trial can take place
but in the presence of the accused. Now, what is
the necessary consequence of these principles? It
is, that whenever a fugitive is charged with murder,
and probable cause of suspicion exists against him,
he must.be surrendered. No plea ofjustification or
excuse (Kin be heard in resistance of the obligation.
The British law is imperative, that whoever com-
mits homicide must undergo his trial, and to that end
must stand committed. He may, after commitment,
under certain circumstances, be bailed out of close
prison, and be bound by recognizance to appear for
trial; but this amelioration in favor of those accused
of offences in their own country, can have no effect
in avoidance of the necessity to surrender, in the
case of a fugitive; because he can only be tried in
the country from which he fled, and because the
casus foederis arises whenever a fugitive is charged
with the offence of murder, (and all who commit
homicide are prima facie, ill British law, guilty of mur-
der,) and sufficient evidence of criminality (accord-
ing their own construction) is exhibited to justify
apprehension and commitment for trial, if the of-
fence had been committed there, (and that evidence,
by British law, is simply the fact of the homicide.)
Show that a British inhabitant has slain a man within
British jurisdiction, no matter what the circumstances,
and he must be committed for trial. Show that an
American fugitive has slain a man, no matter what
the circumstances, and he mustbe surrendered for trial.
It would not save the British slayer from commit-
ment for trial, to allege, or even prove, that the act
was "in resisting coercion of a master," or even by
accident, or misfortune. How, then, can any simi-
lar plea save the American slayer, who is found in
British territory, from surrender for trial? "The
law presumes every homicide (says Mr. Foster, a
British authority,) to be murder, until the contrary
appears."—Foster 255. And the contrary cannot
appear until the trial, for "he must undergo his trial;"
which word trial has a technical signification com-
mon to all. The treaty does not require that the
fugitive shall be guilty of murder, but that he be
chaiged with the crime of murder; and, when so
charged, he shall be surrendered if the evidence be
such as by the British law would justify commit-
ment for trial; and such evidence is the fact of the
homicide. In the case, then, of a slave who slays
any person, (master or other,) and flees to British
territory, such proof, by parol or otherwise, as es-
tablishes reasonable cause to suspect hini of the act,
is all that is required to sustain the "charge" against
him, and all that is necessary to oblige surrender;
for it is all that is necessary "to justify apprehen-
sion and commitment for trial," by British law.
The circumstance of slavery, of coercion, of excuse,
or of justification, cannot be heard until trial; and
that trial can only take place in the country from
which he fled. But where (as in the case of the
Nassau fugitives) an indictment had been found, the
"charge" was judicially made, and the accused, so
far from being able to escape commitment for trial,
by the British law, could not even have been bailed,
though it had been ever so clear, that the homicide
was se defendendo or even per infortunium, as Mr.
Chitty declares.
And now as to robbery. I shall show that by
British law, its being "necessary for his escape," as
Lord Ashburton expresses it, would be no excuse.
Robbery is a felonious taking of money or goods,
to any value, from the person of another, or in his
presence, against his will, by violence, or putting
him in fear. This is the strictest definition of the
crime. Many British authorities give it a still more
comprehensive signification. As for instance, Staun-
ford (lib. i. c. 20) defines it to be "a felonious taking
of anythiug from the person, or in the presence of
another, openly, and against his will, leaving out the
ingredient of force. And Bracton (lib. iii. fo. 150,
b.) concurs. But the violence or fear need not be
much. Any circumstance of intimidation which
prevents the exercise of our will to keep, or pre-
vent from being carried away, anything of our own,
or in our charge, is sufficient to satisfy the defini-
tion. The principal point to be regarded, for my
present purpose, is the felonious intent—the animus
furandi. The taking, to be robbery, must be with
felonious intent. Lord Ashburton and Earl Aber-
deen think that no taking which is necessary to the
escape of a slave, can be regarded as done with fe-
lonious intent, and cannot, therefore, be treated as
a robbery. The language of Earl Aberdeen is, "If
the slave took a horse with him, or seized upon a
boat, or, in short, appropriated to his use any-
thing that was necessary to his flight, such an act
could never be held to establish an animus furandi."
Now, is this British law? I apprehend, and so con-
tend, that it is not. The animus, which constitutes
criminality, relates not to the inducement to the
taking, but to the design of self-appropriation. The
taking may be even necessary to save the life of the
taker, and yet be felonious. The "appropriation to
his own use" (Earl Aberdeen's own words) is pre-
cisely what decides the feloniousness of the intent,
and establishes the animus furandi. It matters
nothing how necessary to life or liberty the thing
taken may be; if the taking is with design "to ap-
propriate to his own use," the taker is guilty of rob-
bery. And to show this, I will refer to British au-
thority.
Mr. East, in his treatise of Pleas of the Crown, (p.
656,) in discussing what constitutes the felonious in-
tent, or animus furandi, necessary to larceny or rob-
bery, thus explains it: "This inquiry may be best
made by considering the defences by which charges
of this nature (larceny and robbery) are endeavored
to be palliated or denied. These are
"1. By a denial of the fact itself, or the parties'
participation in it.
"2. That the goods were taken upon a claim of right,
or by act of law.
"3. By mistake or accident.
"4. As a trespasser, or wrong doei, without fraud.
"5. By finding.
"6 . By delivery of a third person, without knowl-
edge of the theft by the taker.
"7. By delivery from or on behalf of the owner; or
by a taking with his consent and approbation.
"8. By taking upon necessity."
Now of all these defences or excuses, the only
one which can apply to the case stated by Earl Ab-
erdeen, is that of "taking upon necessity."
Of this plea of necessity, Mr. East thus remarks:
(p. 698.) "The last excuse, or more properly pal-
liation, which is sometimes urged upon prosecu-
tions of this nature, is, that the thing taken was foi
necessary food or clothing- for the body, in ordsr to
preserve life. This can never be admitted as a legal
defence," &c. If, then, it cannot be admitted as a
legal defence that the taking was necessary to pre-
serve life, a fortiori it is not where the necessity is
only for escape from labor.
The extent to which this doctrine of the laws of
England is carried out in practice there, needs no
stronger or further illustration than is furnished in
the case of Spencer, (2 East's P. C. 713) This case is
thus reported: "The prosecutor, Anderson, swore
that, having in his possession com belonging to other
persons, the prisoner came to him, together with a
great mob marching in military order, and one of
the mob said that, if he would not sell, they were
going to take it away; and the prisoner said, that
they would give thirty shilling a load, and if he
would not take that, they would take the corn away;
on which the prosecutor sold that for thirty shil-
lings, which was worth thirty-eight shillings. This
: was ruled to be robbery, ana the prisoner was coii-
