Feb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
253
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Summers.
H. of Reps.
victed and executed." Now here was a starving
man driven to extremity by a barbarous monop-
oly of the very staff of life, compelling one of the
infamous speculators upon human hunger to take
a reasonable price for the bread which was necessa-
ry to preserve his life, and actually paying .what was
doubtless a large price for it before taking it; and
this man was, for this act, by British law, hung!
And with such a case upon their judicial records, in
illustration of the principle that, in English law, ne-
cessity does not justify robbery, what shall we
think of the pretence now asserted by the minister
of Great Britain, that any act committed by a slave,
which was "necessary to his flight," would not
amount to robbery?
Let us take the case of the Nassau fugitives
These felons, while in their flight, enter the house of
Mr. Geeren, rob it of provisions, clothing, &c.,
which we will suppose to have been necessary to
sustain and comfort them on their way, and assist
their escape. Here is the case stated by Earl Aber-
deen of "a taking necessary for escape," made to
his hand. Now suppose, instead of Geeren's house,
they had entered a British vessel at sea, or a house
of a British subject on the coast of one of their isl-
ands, and by force or intimidation, taken the same
articles: would they have been snved fiom execu-
tion for the piracy or robbery, by the excuse that
it was necessary for their escape to a place of safety'
It is quite clear that, even admitting the construc-
tion claimed for the treaty by Great Britain, the
consequences they expect from that construction
will fail; for British law regards a homicide as a
sufficient ground to commit for trial; and does not
admit necessity to be a legal defence against the
charge of robbery.
But if it were really so, that by British law homi-
cide "in resisting the coercion of a master," or rob-
bery, or other crime, "necessary for escape" of a
slave, when committed within British territory, were
held to be excused, still, the practice of this dis-
crimination m respect to slaves would not be war-
ranted incases arising under a treaty with another
nation, such as that existing between this country
and Great Britain.
Slavery is recognised as a legal institution by the
laws of nations, which form a part of the common
law of England- So fully is this recognition ofits
legality established, that slaves are undisputed sub-
jects of the law of postliminium. The institution,
as existing and authorized in the States of tins
Union, is not in conflict with the usages of nations;
and the authority exercised by the master is lawful
in the contemplation of public law. A homicide,
then, committed in resistance of that lawful author-
ity, is, in public law, murder. Now is not homi-
cide committed in England in resistance of a law-
ful authority, murder by their laws? Undoubedly
it is. And upon this ground alone, the doctrine of
Lord Palmerston would be inconsistent with British
law.
Again: the law of apprenticeship, as it exists in
England, is not in force m some of our States.
Now suppose an apprentice in England were to com-
mit a homicide, or robbery, or forgery, to enable
him to escape from his servitude, and were to fly for
asylum to one of the States in which involuntary
servitude under articles of apprenticeship was not
legalized: should he be surrendered? Yes. Be-
cause, by the laws of nations, the status of the per-
son, as existing legally in the country from which
he flies, must be respected, and the criminality of
his act tiied with reference to it. We would be
bound, even upon the British construction of the
treaty, to ask, if the status, from the restraints of
which he fled, existed here and this act had been
committed in resistance of it, or to escape from it,
would it have been criminal? And the answer to
this would decide .the obligation. Now how can
this case of aa apprentice be distinguished from that
of a slave, who, in resistance of an authority lawful
here, though unlawful in Great Britain, or to escape
a State recognised by our laws, commits a homi-
cide, or robbery, and flies to Great Britain?
The obligation to regard the legal status of the fu-
gitive, as existing in the country from which he
flies, is very beautifully illustrated by Grotins. In
speaking of the obligation to determine the offence
by the lex loci of the country in which it was com-
mitted, he says:
"This was a received opinion in ancient times, as
we find from the language of jEschylus, m whose
tragedy of the suppliants, the king, of argos, ad-
dressing a number of the daughters of Danaus, on
their coming from Egypt, says: 'If the sons of Egypt
exercise control over you, maintaining that they are
authorized to do so by the law of the state, as being
the nearest allied by blood, who can resist them? It
is for you to prove that, according to the laws of your
country, they have-no authority over you"
The applicability of the laws of nations in the
construction of a treaty stipulation of this kind,
and the control of its terms by those laws, has been
asserted by Great Britain, and assented to by this
country in a striking example. It was in the case
Jonathan Robbing, alias Nash, arising under a sim-
ilar provision in the treaty of 1793^ known com-
monly as Jay's treaty. The treaty provided for the
surrender of persons "who, being charged with
murder or forgery, committed tcithin the jurisdiction
of either, shall seek an asylum within any of the
countries of the other." The plain meaning was
territorial jurisdiction. Now, Robbins was charged
with murder committed on the high seas. The high
seas are not subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of
any nation. They are the commons of the world.
The offence could have been tried and punished here hi
one of the circuit courts of the United States* just as well
as in Ch-eat Bntain. But because, by a fiction of the
law of nations, a vessel upon a free sea is regarded
as a part of the territory of the nation to which she
belongs, and the treaty had authorized a demand,
the accused was surrendered. Robbins could not
be said to have committed the offence charged within
the jurisdiction of any nation, for it was upon the
higli seas, which js as much our jurisdiction as any
other nation's, yet Great Britain claimed, and we
conceded, that the terms of the treaty were con-
trollable by the laws and usages of nations.
But there is a still more striking point in this
case of Robbins, as it applies to the construction
and practice under the present treaty provision.
The same proviso which appears in the treaty of
1842 was also contained in that of 1793. Robbins
was arrested in Charleston, S. C., in the year 1799,
upon an affidavit alleging the belief that he was one
of the mutineers of the Hermione. Tie exhibited a
notarial certificate of his American citizenship, ex-
ecuted in New York in 1795, in a form usually re-
garded and carried by the sailors of that day as a
protection. He made affidavit that he was born in
Danbury, in the State of Connecticut; that he had
never changed his allegiance; that about two years
before his arrest, he was pressed from on board the
brig Betsy of New York, by the crew of the British
frigate Hermione; and was detained there, contrary
to his will, in the service of the British nation, un-
til the said vessel was captured by those of her
crew, who took her into a Spanish port by force;
and that he gave no assistance in such capture.
There was no testimony whatever to controvert these
facts, or any of them. The only thing approaching
any crimination of the accused was in the affidavit
of a British midshipmen, who said he knew Rob-
bins as one of the seamen on board the Hermione,
some time before the mutiny; that he had heard in
the testimony, taken before several court martials,
that Thomas Nash was a principal in the mutiny,
and he believed that RobbinV true name was Thomas
Nash. There was not a tittle of evidence inconsist-
ent with the allegation that he was an impressed
•American seaman. The court, without waiting to
investigate the facts, surrendered him, under direc-
tion of the President, and he was conveyed away,
tried by a British naval court martial, and hung at
the yard-arm. Now mark. Robbins claimed to be
a native born citizen, and to have been impressed
into the British service; and the offence with which
he was charged, having been committed upon the
high seas, could have been tried and punished m an
American court. If even he had joined in the mu-
tiny, it was to release himself from illegal duress,
from a violent and involuntary servitude and im-
prisonment; it was to recapture the liberty to which
his birth entitled him. Yet was he claimed by Great
Britain, and surrendered by his country, without
the formality of an inquiry into the truth of what
he alleged. And yet we now hear from Great Brit-
ain, that under the treaty, she is not bound to sur-
render a fugitive who kills, or robs, to escape from
servitude.
But there is this strong difference between the
two cases, to the disadvantage of Great Britain—
namely, that the practice of impressment upon the high
seas is contrary to the law of nations, and being an
illegal coercion, could be legally resisted, without
criminality; while, on the other hand, the institution
of slavery is recognised by the law of nations, and
authorized by the local law of this country, and
being lawful, cannot be resisted without criminality.
Poor Robbins was a sacrifice, under the former
treaty, to British power—a victim to British ven-
geance. Shall we now, under this treaty, offer a
further sacrifice of our rights, our pride, our dignity
as a nation?
SPEECH OF MR. SUMMERS, '
of virginia,
In the House of Representatives, February 10, 1844—
On the contested election of the members of the
House of Representatives, elected by the general-
ticket system in the States of New Hampshire^
Georgia, Missouri, and Mississippi.
January 22, 1844.
Mr. Douglass, from the Committee of Elections,
which had been directed, by a previous resolution
of the House, "to examine and report upon the
certificates of election or other credentials of the
members returned to serve in this House, and to
inquire and -report whether the several members
of this House have been elected in conformity
with the constitution and laws," this day made a
report in writing, recommending the adoption of
the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the 2d section of "An act for
the apportionment of representatives among the
several States according to the sixth census," ap-
proved June, 25, 1842, is not a law made in pur-
suance of the constitution of the United States, and
valid, operative, and binding upon the States.
"Resolved, That all the members of this House
(except the two contested cases from Virginia, upon
which no opinion is hereby expressed) have been
elected in conformity with the constitution and laws,
and are entitled to their seats in this House."
Saturday, February 10, 1844.
The report and resolutions of the committee being
under consideration, Mr. SUMMERS addressed
the House as follows:
Mr. Speaker: 1 regard this as a new era. Our
institutions are to pass through another ordeal.
Another blow is about to be struck at them, in their
onward progress of experiment. It remains to be
seen whether they stagger and fall under the weight
of the assault, or, with the recuperative energies of
vigorous youth, they shall survive the wound now
to be inflicted, and pass on, in fulfilment of tha
high destiny which we have fondly hoped would
attend them.
It became the duty of the last Congress, in pur-
suance of the first article of the constitution of the
United States, to make an apportionment, of Repre-
sentatives among the several States composing the
Union, according to the sixth census, or enumera-
tion of inhabitants, which had been taken in the
year 1840. For this purpose, an act was passed
which adopts a ratio of seventy thousand six hun-
dred and eighty persons in each State, as entitled to
a representative, and giving one additional represent-
ative for each State having a fraction greater than
one moiety of the ratio aforesaid. The second sec-
tion of this act is in the following words:
"That in every case where a State is entitled to
more than one representative, the number to which
such State shall be entitled under this apportionment
shall be elected by districts composed of contiguous
territory, equal in number to the number of repre-
sentatives to which said State may be entitled—no,
one district electing more than one representative."
The act referred to, with the section which I have
just read, as a part of it, received the sanction of
both branches of the national legislature, and was
signed and approved by the President of the United
States, on the 25th day of June, 1842. In its en-
actment, all the requirements of the constitution, to
constitute valid legislation, have been complied with,
and now stand on the statute book as a law of the
land.
The constitution of the United States itself de-
clares that "this constitution, and the laws of the
United States which shall be made in pursuance
thereof, and all treaties made, or which shall be
made under the authority of the United States, shall
be the supreme law of the land; and the judges in
every State shall be bound thereby, anything m the
constitution or laws of any State to the contrary
notwithstanding."
It follows that the law now in question is obligato-
ry upon us all, unless repugnant to the constitution,
the fundamental law, and to which all others must
oonform. Four out of the twenty-six States of thif*
Union (viz: New Hampshire, Georgia, Missouri,
