iu
APPENDIX tO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Summers.
H. of Reps.
and Mississippi) have taken it upon themselves to
declare this law unconstitutional and void, and have
sent persons here, claiming to be members of this
body, who were elected in direct violation and dis-
regard of its provisions. The Committee of Elec-
tions, who were directed, by a resolution of the
House, to inquire into the right of all persons re
turned as members to hold seats on this floor as rep-
resentatives, have reported, in reference to the elec-
tions held in the four States which I have men-
tioned, "that the second section of £an act for
the apportionment of representatives among the sev-
eral States, according to the sixth census,' ap-
proved June 25, 1842, is not a law made in pursu-
ance of the constitution of the United States, and
valid, operative, and binding upon the States;" and,
by consequence, that the individuals returned as
elected from the States before enumerated, are law-
fully and properly members of this House.
We are thus compelled to review the acts of our
predecessors, and to decide upon the conformity of
their legislation to the constitution.
Constitutional questions are always of grave and
momentous character. No tribunal should approach
such questions without feelings of anxiety-and awe.
Even m the sanctuary of justice, where no disturb-
ing elements of consideration are permitted to enter,
removed as its ministers are from all that can bias the
judgment or influence the feelings—even there we
should tread with more solemn footstep, and breathe
in lower notes, in contemplation of such a proposi-
tion. How, then, should we deplore that such a
question has been thrown into this arena, to be
draggled through the dust and heat of a mere party
warfare, and to be disposed of, as we have every
reason to believe it will be, by the arbitrament of
mere preponderating numbers!
It has been remarked, by several gentlemen who
have preceded me in this discussion, that this is the
first time that a single department of the legislature
has been called upon to declare a law unconstitution-
al, where its judgment was final. Happily for our
past history, *it is so. But is it to be the last? I
fear it is the forerunner of many like occasions. It is
a new illustration of the dangers which attend con-
tinual change. If every party triumph which se-
cures a majority in the national and State legisla-
tures is to be signalized by the annulling of prece-
ding legislation, we shall have exhibited in this coun-
try, to the fullest extent, all the mischiefs of insta-
bility which our worst enemies attribute to our form
of govenment. Nullification, in its broadest sense,
stereotyped, and always ready to do the work of the
ascendant faction, will become the "rightful remedy"
against every unpalatable enactment
I regard this whole proceeding, whereby a solemn
law of the land is to be set aside and vacated, upon
the pretext that it is unconstitutional, as nullification
in its worst form. The law-making body nullifying
its own statutes, and setting itself the example of diso-
bedience and resistance to its own expressed will!
If this law be, in truth, inexpedient or unconstitu-
tional, why not repeal it? Tnis course lies open be-
fore the majority in this House, who have full
powers here, by their numbers, to pass or repeal
any law they may desire. But that majority well
know there is another branch of the legislative de-
partment, (the Senate,) without whose concurrence
no repeal could be had, and that the wisdom of that
body consents both to the expediency and constitu-
tionality of the law which we are about to nullify.
Nor could the purpose of this novel and alarming
procedure be attained by a simple straight-forward
repeal m the ordinary way. That purpose is to re-
tain the members fiom the four resisting States in
their seats. This can only be accomplished by de-
claring the law, which their election has violated,
void ab initio; for it was an existing law at the time
the elections in those several States were held, and,
if valid, vacates their seats in this House. Hence
the necessity of this resort to nullification. The
act of June, 184*2, is to be held as unconstitutional,
and therefore to be wholly disregarded.
What, Mr. Speaker, are the grounds upon which
the House is asked to come to this conclusion, and
what are the arguments by which our judgments
and consciences are to be convinced that we may
abrogate the second section of the act referred to,
consistently with the oath that each one of us has
taken, as members of this body, to support tlie
constitution of the United States5 Let us proceed
briefly to examine them.
That portion of the constitution which, in the
judgment of the 27th Congress, authorized the
enactment of the provision in question, constitutes
the fourth section of the first article, and is in the
following words:
"The times, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions for senators and representatives, shall be pre-
scribed in of each State by the legislature thereof;
but the Congress may at any time, by law, make
or alter such regulations, except as to the places of
choosing senators."
We are not now to discuss the policy or impol-
icy of the act under consideration. Whether elec-
tions for members of this House should be held in
single districts, each1 district electing for itself one
representative, or by the general-ticket system, -
whereby the voters of every county or district are re-
quuired to vote for all the members to which the
State at large may be entitled, is not now the ques-
tion. These were points fully discussed on the pas-
sage of the bill originally, both in this House and
in the Senate, and the arguments for and against
each system of election will be found in the debates
of that period. If any additional reasoning be ne-
cessary to establish the expediency of elections by
districts, I would refer to an authority, than which,
with a portion, at least, of the democracy of the
House, none higher or more potent could be vouch-
ed. I allude to the letter of John C. Calhoun, the
late distinguished senator from South Carolina, to
his political friends, withdrawing himself from the
Baltimore convention, as a candidate for nomination
to the presidency. He places his withdrawal on
the ground that the convention is so viciously con-
stituted, by a failure to adopt the district system in
the selection of its members, that it cannot by any
possibility be regarded as a true exponent of the
preference of the party to which he belongs for the
presidential candidate.
Our business now, however, is to examine wheth-
er the second scction of the apportionment act,
directing that the members of the House repre-
sentatives shall be elected in single districts, be in
conformity with the clause of the constitution just
cited, or repugnant thereto. Whether expedient or
inexpedient, furnishes no ground for its annulment.
That can only be effected by clearly showing that it
is unconstitutional. And here it may be well to
note the diversity of argument employed upon the
present occasion, from that which was directed
against the validity of the act of 1842, when on its
passage through this House. You, Mr. Speaker,
will sustain me, as will the debates, if referred to,
when I assert that, upon the former occasion, the
ground of objection mainly relied on, and that which
constituted the chief force of the argument against
this provision, was, that Congress had no authority,
under the constitution, either to form districts within
the States for the election of members of the House
of Representatives, or to require that the State legis-
latures should form them. It was maintained that
the requirement for elections to be held in districts
did not pertain to the "time" or "place" of holding
elections; and, with equal zeal, it was attempted to
be maintained, that such a requirement could not
rest upon the authority to prescribe "thfc-manner of
holding elections"—that "the manner of holding
elections" meant the manner of conducting elec-
tions, whether by viva voce vote or by ballot, and
the like—but that these words could not include any
authority for Congress to appoint or prescribe either
the district or general-ticket system. One or two
gentlemen, on the present occasion, have urged the
same objection. I shall endeavor to reply to it. It
is admitted on all hands, that the State legislatures
have authority to prescribe the one or the other sys-
tem of holding elections, as to them may seem
most expedient; and that they have exercised the
power from the origin of the government to the
pr^ent time, some of them preferring and pre-
senting the district system, and others the general-
ticket system. Whence do they derive this author-
ity, which they have thus uniformilv exercised,
and which, in the absence of legislation by Congress,
none deny to them? The constitution of the United
States will be searched m vain for ar.y other sec-
tion or clause which grants such authority, except
that which I have read. Without that clause, no
such authority could have attached to the States,
but, on the contrary, the right of regulating the
time, place, and manner of electing the members of
the national legislature would have naturally be-
longed to, and been exercised by, the general gov-
ernment, of which that legislature forms so impor-
tant a branch. Every government must, of neces-
sity, have control over its own departments, and the
apportionment or election ot its own members.
This is absolutely essential to its own existence and
preservation. Had the constitution been silent on
this subject, the State governments could have
claimed no agency in prescribing or regulating the
manner of holding elections for representatives. That
duty would have pertained wholly to the general
government. The framers of our constitution,
however, wisely lodged this power over elections be-
tween the general and State governments, granting
to the State legislatures authority to prescribe the
time, place, and manner of holding the elections,
and requiring them to do it, but reserving to Con-
gress the right, at any time, to make these regula-
tions itself, or to alter such as theStates might make.
If, then, the State legislatures have authority to
adopt, at their option, the one system or the other,
and if that authority is derivable from the clause of
the constitution which I have read, the Congress
of the United States have an equal right to adopt
the one or the other. The State legislatures can ap-
point the one or the other mode only by virtue
of the authority "to prescribe the times, places, and
manner of holding elections for senators and repre-
sentatives," and the same clause expressly provides
that "the Congress may, at any time, by law, make
or alter such regulations.1'' Whatever regulation a
State legislature can "prescribe" touching "times,
places, or manner," Congress can "make or alter."
It is obvious, then, that Congress has authority,
whenever it shall choose to exercise it, to decide
whether elections for representatives shall be held in
districts or for the State at large, or such power ex-
ists nowhere. It is equally clear, that whenever
Congress shall think proper to legislate on the sub-
ject, the subject itself being embraced by its pow-
ers, such legislation is paramount, and, ex vi termini,
alters and supersedes all State legislation which is
in conflict with it. If Congress has a right to pre-
scribe a rule at all, either making regulations, or al-
tering those which may have been previously made
by the State legislatures, its action must be para-
mount and exclusive, for the constitution declares
that "the laws of the United States, which shall be
made in pursuance thereof, shall be the supreme
law of the land, anything in the constitution or laws
of any State to the contrary notwithstanding."
But, in addition to general reasoning, resting for
its force upon the very nature of government itself,
and the obvious import and meaning of the words
of the constitution, we have the evidence of those
who made it, furnished in their declarations at the
time, that this clause was expressly intended to se-
cure to Congress, among other things, the right
to establish the mode of electing by dis-
tricts or by general ticket, as might be thought
best, and particularly with a view to bring about
uniformity in the manner of electing. In ascertain-
ing the true interpretation of any written instrument
we can have no better guide than the words and in-
tentions of the parties who made it—the discussions
which led to its execution, and the contemporane-
ous understanding and exposition of the covenants
which it contains.
This clause of the constitution was the subject
of discussion, both in the convention which framed
the instrument, and in many of the State conven-
tions which ratified and adopted it. The constitu-
tion, as originally reported in the convention of
1787, while it required the State legislatures to pre-
scribe the time, place, and manner of holding the
elections, contained the same reservation of authori-
ty to Congress to do the same thing, but in
phraseology slightly different from that which it
finally assumed. The closing part of the section
now under consideration, was m these words: ubut
their provisions concerning them may, at any time,
be altered by the legislature of the United States "
Thirt clause of the section Mr. Pmekney moved to
strike out, so as to leave the whole power with the
State legislatures, free from the control and super-
visory power of Congress. Mr. Madison resisted
this motion, and expressed his views fully on the
proposition. He said* "The necessity of a general
government presupposes that the State legislatures
will sometimes fail or refuse to consult the common
interest, at the expense of their convenience or
piejudices. The policv of referiing the appoint-
ment of the House of Representatives to the peo-
ple, and not to the legislatures of theStates, sup-
poses that the remit will be somewhat influenced
by the mode. This \iew of the subject seems
to decide that the leoislntures of the States
ought not *to have the uncontrolled right of reg-
ulating the times, places and manner of holding
elections. These were words of great latitude.
