Feb. 1844
APPENDIX 1*0 THE CONGRESSIONAL GtoM.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. Summers.
H. of Eeps.
It was impossible to foresee all the abuses
■which might be made of the discretionary
power. Whether the electors would vote by ballot
or viva voce; should assemble at this place or at
that place; should be divided into districts or all
meet at one place; should all vote for all the repre-
sentatives, or all in a district vote for the number
allotted to the district;—these, and. many other
points, would depend on the legislature, and might
materially affect the appointments. Whenever the
State legislatures had a favorite measure to carry,
they would take care to mould their regulations so
as to favor the candidates they wished to succeed."
*****->- "It seemed as improper in
principle, thought it might be less inconvenient in
practice, to give to the State legislatures this great
authority over the election of the representatives of
the people in the general legislature, as it would be
to give to the latter a like power over the election
of their representatives in the State legislatures."
Who can read Mr. Madison's speech, or hear it
read, sir, and doubt that it was intended to give to
Congress the full power to prescribe the district sys-
tem, if that body should think proper to do so?
Gentlemen say that it does not pertain to the "man-
ner of holding ©lections;" that we cannot derive
authority to pass such a law from these words.
Mr. Madison, on the contrary, says that "these
are words of great latitude;'1 and expressly state?
that under them would arise, among otheis th.it lie
mentions, the question, whether "all should vote tor
all the representatives, or all in a district vote for a
number allotted to the district." He argues that,
to give the uncontrolled power to settle those ques-
tions, and prescribe the manner of holding elections,
to the State legislatures, would be dangerous in the
extreme, and an anomaly in government. The vote
on Mr. Pinckney's motion to strike out was lost;
and the power was reserved to Congress to "make
or alter" ihe regulations which might be found ne*
pessary in holding the elections, as we now find it
Jft the constitution.
Here, then, is a power reserved in terms which
were understood and intended at the time to cover
the precise ground which Congress occupied by the
act of June, 1842. The very difficulty which Mr,
Madison foretold and pointed out in the convention
.as likely to arise, had arisen—whethei some of the
States should adopta system whereby "all voted for
all the representatives" that a State might be enti-
tled to in this House, while others adopted and ex-
ercised a system by winch "all in a district voted
for a number allotted to the district"—whether the
inequality and unfairness of representation m the
House, growing out of the adoption of the general-
ticket system by several of the States of the Union,
should be permitted to continue; or whether Con-
gress should, by an exercise of its constitutional au-
thority, make such regulations as would produce
equality and uniformity in the representation of the
people of all the States,—were the inquiries present-
ed to the twenty-seventh Congress, and which that
body intended to solve by the passage of tm« art.
The section of the constitution which we belli ve
amply conferred the power so to legislate was adopt-
ed in immediate sequence of an argument that
satisfied the convention to whom it was address-
ed of the propriety and necessity of such a pro-
visison, and upon explanations and illustrations
which expressly comprehended the exercise of the
power in the precise case in which it has been ex-
ercised. The adoption of the one system or the
other would belong to the State legislatures,
by virtue of the first part of the section, which gave
them authority to "prescribe the times, places, and
manner of holding elections." By retaining the af-
ter part of the section, which Mr. Pmckney moved
to strike out, the power to make any such regula-
tions as the States could make, or to alter any that
the States might make, was fully and expressly re-
served to Congress.
Again: Mr. Speaker, in the Virginia convention
of 1788, called to decide upon the adoption or re-
jection of the constitution, we have the additional
evidence of Mr. Madison, who was also a member
of the last-mentioned convention, that the fourth sec-
tion of the first article was intended to give Con-
gress the power to produec uniformity in the man-
ner of holding elections, which end could only be
accomplished by prescribing the same system for all
the States, under the authority to make or alter the
regulations which are to govern the mode of elec-
tions throughout the Union.
Mr. Monroe called upon Mr. Madison, who had
performed so large a share in forming the constitu-
tion, to give information respecting the clause con-
cerning elections. He said:
"He wished to know why Congress had an ulti-
mate control over the time, place, and manner of
elections for representatives, and the time and man-
ner of that of senators; and, also, why there was an
exception as to the place of electing senators."
In reply, Mr. Madison stated that—
"The reason of the exception was, that, if Con-
gress could fix the place of choosing the senators, it
might compel the State legislatures to elect them in a
different place from that of their usual sessions',
which would produce some inconvenience, and was
not necessary for the object of regulating the elec-
tions. But it was necessary to give the general gov-
ernment a control over the time and manner of
choosing the senators, to prevent its own dissolu-
tion."
"With respect to the other points, it was thought
that the regulation of time, place, and manner of
electing representatives should be uniform through-
out the continent. Some States might regulate the
elections on principles of equality, and others might
regulate them otherwise. This diversity would be
obviously unjust." * # *
"It was found impossible to fix the time, place,
and manner of the elections of representatives m the
constitution. It was found necessary to leave the
regulation of these in the first place to the State gov-
ernments, as being best acquainted with the situa-
tion of the people, subject to the control of the gen-
eral government, in 'order to enable it to produce
uniformity and prevent its own dissolution. And
considering the State governments and the general
government as distinct bodies, acting in different and
independent capacities for the people, itwas thought
the paticular regulations should be submitted to the
former, and the general regulations to the latter."
"Were they exclusively under the control of the j
State governments, the general government might j
be easily dissolved. If they he regulated properly I
by the State legislatures, the congressional control j
will very probably never be exercised. The power ;
appears to me satisfactory, and as unlikely to be
abused as any part of the constitution."
Now, sir, we have in this statement of Mr. Mad-
ison a clear solution of the purpose and intent with
which this clause was inserted in the constitution, j
It was impracticable to fix the time, place, and man- i
ner of holding elections, in the constitution, for the
reason, in the first place, that 'the convention i
had not the necessary information to enable them !
to do it; and because, secondly, if they had i
possessed such information, it would have i
been unwise to have adopted into the fundamental j
law, which was never intended to be changed or ■
modified, except upon some great necessity, and i
then under the guards and restraints which the in- |
strument itself provided for the manner of its |
amendment, any rules or regulations which, from j
the very nature of the subject, would require legisla- .
tive details, and perhaps frequent alterations. Nor 1
could the constitution provide that such regulations :
should he exclusively prescribed by Congress. If i
the constitution nhoukl be adopted by the people of
the States, an election under it of senators and rep-
resentatnes would have to take place before there
would be a Congress to prescribe any regulations on
the subject. But how was such an election to he
held5 The time, places, and manner were not fixed j
by the constitution. There could be no Congress to |
prescribe them, until after the first election was J
held. The plan of the constitution avoided these !
difficulties, and granted the power, in the first in-
stance, to the State governments, subject to the con-
trol of the general government. The necessity and
propriety of such control on the part of the general
government were obvious, for the two reasons stated
by Mr. Madison—viz: "to enable it to produce uni-
formity, and to prevent its own dissolution."
Upon similar reasoning and explanations in the
numbers of the "Federalist," written by Messrs.
Madison, Jay, and Hamilton, was this clause urged
upon the adoption of the several State conventions.
These conventions all understood the scope of this
power, and what it was intended for. In several of
these bodies, it was the subject of discussion, as we
have seen was the case in Virginia. In many of
them it wa* objected to, and m some the constitution
was at first adopted with a protest against this
clause, and instructions to their delegates to hove
the instrument amended by rejecting it. This was
never done, and the constitution was finally ratified
by the thirteen States, with this provision precisely
as it now stands.
Some gentlemen in this debate have adverted to
the objections taken to this clause in the State con-
ventions, and to their protestations against it, as fur-
nishing an argument against the power on the part
of Congress to control State legislation. Why, sir,
I would draw from this consideration a conclusion
directly the reverse of it. The very fact attempted
to be brought in aid of their position, clearly demon-
strates that the section objected to was understood
on all hands as conferring the power. This was the
source and head-spring of'the objections and pro-
tests. Well, if the States finally ratified and adopted
the constitution, without alteration in this particular,
does it not show that they consented to the consti-
tution, notwithstanding the objectionable feature,
and that too with a full understanding of the power
it conferred? Why, sir, how can objections to a
contract, antecedent to its final execution, be given
in evidence to annul a part of that contract as void,
when it plainiy appears that the party making the
objections waived them, and finally ratified the bar-
fam by affixing his hand and seal thereto? If such evi-
ence could prove anything, it would prove that the
contract in that particular was the more binding, for
tlie reason that the mind of the party having been
particularly called to that portion of the agreement,
and his objections themselves implying that he fully
understood the extent of power which it conferred,
his assent thereto constitutes, if possible, a more
ample agreement and promise to be bound by it.
It might have been proper, on the original enact-
ment of the law of 1842, to have referred to the pro-
ceedings m the State conventions, and to the objec-
tions which may have been there urged against this
section of the constitution, as illustrating and aiding
the argument of those opposed to the law, against
the expediency of passing it. Even there, however,
I should be willing to meet gentlemen, and should
deem it not a hard task to demonstrate that the
whole weight of the argument, ah vrbe condita, is in
favor of the policy ana expediency of exercising
the authority conferred by this section of the consti-
tution precisely as it has been exercised. But that
is not the question now. The act passed into alaw.
If it is an inexpedient or improper law, let it be re-
pealed by those who entertain that opinion. So long
as it stands unrepealed, it is binding and obligatory,
unless we are clearly satisfied that Congress had no
power under the constitution to pass the law. It is
a question of naked power, apart from all consider-
ations of expediency or inexpediency.
It is worthy of remark, however, that almost
every member who has expressed an opinion against
the constitutionality of the act of 1842, has coupled
with such expression of opinion the fullest admis-
sions that the manner of holding elections prescribed
by that act is the true manner—all are in favor of
the district system. They admit that it is the fair,
equal, and democratic way of electing representa-
tives. It is conceded that the general-ticket system,
which the last Congress intended by their law to ab-
rogate, when adopted by sonic of the States, and not
adopted by all. gives unequal political power to the
people of the several States, while in those particular
States which adopt it, it has the effect to suppress en-
tirely the voice of the minority of such State in this
hail; and that, by consequence, if the same system
was adopted in all the States, the voice of the mi-
nority throughout the Union would be wholly sup-
pressed.
And yet we are called upon to nullify a law, the
principle of which we all approve, the effect of
which is to "produce uniformity" in the manner of
holding elections—the very thing contemplated and
desired by those who framed the constitution, in
which desire wc all concur; and ail this upon the
ground that we have no power to do that which it
was expressly intended we should have power to do!
I have thus far, Mr. Speaker, attempted to re-ex-
anune the main objection, and indeed I might say
the only one, which was urged against the adoption
of the second section of the apportionment act,
when ©n its passage in this House, during the last
Congress. Some gentlemen, on the present occa-
sion, have urged the same argument; and it became
necessary to meet it.
After the passage of the apportionment act through
this House, in 1842, and after it reached the- Sen-
ate, a new view was attempted to be taken of the
constitutional difficulty supposed to be involved in
the second section, by a very distinguished member
of that body—Mr. Wright, of New York. From
the armory then and there constructed, the weapons
which have been almost exclusively used m the
