appendix to the congressional globe.
Feb. 1844.
28th Con© 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—-Mr. Summers.
H. of Reps.
present crusade against the constitution seem to have
been drawn.
The Committee of Elections has, through the gen-
tleman from Illinois,- [Mr. Douglass,] made a re-
port at large on the invalidity of the act of 1842,
and enforcing the right of the members from the
four States which have refused to elect their repre-
sentatives in. conformity with its requisitions to ^)ld
their seats on this floor.
The report of a standing committee of the House,
whose especial duty it is to examine thoroughly all
questions submitted to its consideration', ought to be
regarded as presenting the strongest defence for the
proposition which such committee may ask us to
adopt. In this case, we have a right to consider the
report as embodying the argument of the entire
party in the House which will vote for confirming
the disputed members in their seats upon this floor.
So far as the debate has proceeded, the argument of
the report has been referred to and adopted by all
who have attempted to sustain the resolutions which
the committee call upon us to adopt. I am fully au-
thorized, therefore, to consider this report as pre-
senting the grounds upon which all who will vote
for these resolutions will seek to justify themselves
to the nation and to the world in the disregard and
annulment of a solemn law. I shall, accordingly,
undertake to give this report a candid examination,
and expose such fallacies and unsoundness as I may
discover it contains.
The entire reasoning of this singular document is
employed to sustain this proposition. That a law
of Congress, to be constitutional 'and valid, must
contain within itself all the necessary provisions for
its execution, without any aid whatever from State
legislation. That, therefore, if Congress under-
takes to prescribe regulations as to "the times, places,
or manner of holding elections," it must, in order
to make such law binding and operative, prescribe
all the regulations which pertain to what it under-
takes to legislate about. That is to say, if we de-
sign to fix a time for holding the elections, we must
name the time in the law. If we wish to designate
the place, the place must be designated in the act. If
our purpose is to prescribe the manner, (as, for ex-
ample, should Congress think proper to prescribe
the district system as the mode or manner of elect-
ing,) then we must in our own law prescribing this
mode, carry it out, by arranging the districts for the
States—must direct whether the elections shall be
held by ballot, or viva voce; shall appoint officers of
the general government to conduct the election; pre-
scribe the mode of counting the votes and ascertain-
ing the result, the manner of authenticating the elec-
tion, and the form of certificate—in a word, every-
thing that pertains to the manner of holding the
elections, so as to exhaust the whole power of legis-
lation, as to the particular pranch which shall be ta-
ken up to be legislated upon; or all three, if ihe
whole be embraced, so as to leave nothing for the
State legislatures to do. So, also, if Congress
should, by law, prescribe the general-ticket system
as the mode of holding the elections, all the details
must be provided in like manner by Congress.
Now, Mr. Speaker, let me ask, upon what prin-
ciple of law or of interpretation does all this rest?
The report does not pretend to assign a solitary
reason for such conclusions; nor has any member
vouchsafed to furnish a cause why it should be so.
No authority, direct or analogous, has been ad-
duced. We are left with the mere assertion that it
is so, and to admire and wonder at the wisdom
which we cannot comprehend!
t apprehend that reason and common sense are
the suitable agents for ascertaining the meaning of
the constitution, as of every other law. We find
that this instrument commands the State legislatures
to provide by law "the times, places, and manner of
holding elections." These "shall be prescribed in
each State by the legislature thereof." This lan-
guage comprehends the whole ground, and, if the
clause contained nothing moie, would any one doubt
that it was the duty of the State legislatures to keep
constantly in force the necessary laws to carry on
the elections? It is an express mandate, from which
there is no escape.
But it is added, "the Congress may, at any time,
make or alter such regulations." Who gave the
States power to say, that if Congress chooses "to
make or alter" any of the regulations for holding
elections, it must "make or alter" all of them. Why,
the very authority of Congress to make or alter all
the regulations concerning elections, if that body
should think proper, necessarily gives authority to
maHe or alter any part of them. The power to do
all must of necessity embrace a power to do any of
the parts which make -up the whole, unless it be a
power granted upon condition to be exercised fully
or not at all. No such conditional grant is pretend-
ed here.
The command of the constitution to the State le-
gislatures is, that they "shall" prescribe all the regu-
lations needful to the holding the elections, but the
privilege and authority is reserved to Congress to
make them, or alter such as the States may have
made. In the absence of congressional action, it is
conceded that the legislatures of the States ars bouud
to cover the whole ground. Well, upon what prin-
ciple are they released from the obligation to legis-
late in case of partial and incomplete legislation by
Congress? If the act of Congress should cover the
whole ground, the States are of course released from
their obligation, for the reason that the law of Con-
gress is paramount, and the States are thereby dis-
abled from legislation on the subject. But, in a
case of partial action by Congress, the States are
released to the extent of such partial legislation
only, because they are disabled to that extent only;
and there stands the constitutional mandate "you
shall prescribe," from which they can only be re-
leased by disability to perform.
In this case, Congress has thought proper to pre-
scribe the manner of holding the elections in part
only. We have said they shall be held in dis-
tricts, and that each t district shall be entitled to
one representative. All the rest we have left
to the State legislatures to carry out; the de-
tails are untouched. The formation of the districts,
the mode of voting, the manner of ascertaining the
result, and all else that is comprehended in the
"manner of holding elections," we leave to" the
States; or, in the words of Mr. Madison himself,
we have provided the "general regulations," and
submitted the "particular regulations" to the States.
Now, sir, I ask this plain question: In prescribing
this general legulation, have we rendered it im-
practicable for the State legislatures to do the residue?
Can they not, if they will, take up the matter where
we have left it, and go on to provide the districts
and all other rules and regulations for holding the
elections' As to all this, are they hindered and
prevented by the paramount legislation of Congress?
Surely not, for Congress has not touched that
ground—it lies wholly unoccupied, and the consti-
tution bids them to enter and occupy every part left
out of the occupancy of Congress. If the second
section of the apportionment act disables the State
legislatures from forming the districts, and providing
for what remains of the manner of holding elections,
then are all the members here from the twenty-two
States who have complied with this law, here, with-
out right. The argument is, that Congress, in at-
tempting to fix the manner of holding the elections,
is bound to furnish them entire—that partial legis-
lation on the subject takes it away from the State
legislatures, and disables them from acting at all in
the matter. The effect of all this is, that it was not
competent for the State legislatures which adopted
the law of Congress to go on and carry it out—they
had no right under the constitution to make districts
and regulate the manner of holding elections, because
they say a right to legislate about the same thing, at
the same time, cannot exist in a paramount and an
inferior power; and that whenever the paramount
authority takes up a branch of the concurrent juris-
diction, the inferior power is thereby ejected and re-
pelled from that particular branch; and if the au-
thority which assumes to touch it in part does not
provide for it altogether, it must go unprovided for,
by reason of the disability of the other authority.
Either government, as is admitted, may provide the
whole regulations which may be necessary, provid-
ed the other will stand off; but State and federal le-
gislation cannot be mingled together.
Well, now, sir, let us test this: suppose the mem-
bers from New Hampshire should object to my
holding a seat in this House, on the ground that the
Commonwealth of Virginia had no right to distrrct
the State, and provide for the election of members to
represent her here, because Congress, having legis-
lated partially on the subject of the manner of hold-
ing elections, had thereby released and disabled the
State legislatures from providing by law any regula-
tions touching the manner in winch her elections
should be held: what would be thought of such
an objection here, or in the Commonwealth of Vir-
ginia'
But, sir, it is conceded that the twenty-two States
which have complied with the act of Congress have
done well—that they had a right to do so, and had
full power to go on and carry out the details of that
act as they have done. The report of the committee,
and one of their resolutions, aver that all the mem-
bers from those twenty-two States which have thus
complied with the law are entitled to their seats as
members, except as to the two contested seats in the
delegation from Virginia, as to which we are to have
special reports. Now, here is a full admission that
the State legislatures had authority to carry out the
law of Congress prescribing district elections if they
chose to do so, and that it was perfectly practi-
cable for them to do it. Most of these twenty-two
States, it is true, had the district system before the
passage of the act of 1842; but this does not at all
lessen the force of the reasoning. Rhode Island and
New Jersey had the general ticket system at the
time of the passage of that act, and immediately
changed their system in conformity to it. Is there
any dispute or doubt as to the right of the members
from those States to maintain their seats as repre-
sentatives? The legislature of Georgia, too, pro-
ceeded, in compliance with the act of Congress, to
form the districts and change the manner of holding
the elections in that State; but the act met with the
veto power of the governor. A new governor and
legislature, since elected by the people of Georgia,
have fully complied with this law, and formed the
State into districts.
Gentlemen are thus forced to abandon the ground,
that the partial or incomplete legislation of Congress
on the subject of elections, in any manner disables
the State legislatures from legislating on the same sub-
ject, so far as Congress has not extended its action.
And how do they then attempt to escape from the
effect of this concession? Why, sir, they say, that
although the partial legislation of Congress does
not disable the States from acting if they choose,
they are not bound to act. That the attempt by
Congress to legislate on any one of the branches of
concurrent jurisdiction converts what was before
an absolute duty on the part of the States into
a matter of choice. They all admit that, in the ab-
sence of the law of 1842, the constitution solemnly
enjoins upon the State legislatures the obligation to
provide the times, the places, and the mannerof hold-
ing the elections—that the partial regulation of any of
these by Congress does not hinder, prevent, or dis-
able the States from completing the system design-
ed by Congress, by the adoption, on the part of the
State governments, of such consistent legislation as
may be proper to carry the law into full execution;
but that such incomplete legislation on the part of
the general government renders it a matter of choice
with the State governments, whether they will legis-
late at all or not.
This is the precise position which the four States
resisting this law have assumed. They in effect
say to the general government, "You have pre-
scribed a rule; you may carry it out yourself. If
you choose to legislate at all about the manner of
holding elections, you may do the whole of it. We
might, if we chose to do it, carry out the rule which
by your law you have prescribed. The power to
do so has not been taken away from us, we admit—
you have not covered the whole ground by para-
mount legislation; and if we, with the other twenty-
two States, had chosen to comply with your law,
and carried out the details thereof, our legislation
would have been constitutional and valid. But
you have chosen to legislate about "manner" your-
self—you have entered and occupied one corner of
this field, and we do not choose to cultivate the res-
idue—we are not compelled to do it—we are re-
leased from our obligations by your act, and it has
thereby become a matter of choice on our part. You
had no right to enter upon this fie'd, unles.-s you
took it all. Your law, therefore, is invalid, and we
disregard it."
Upon what notion of constitutional duty this
strange position is assumed, 1 am at a loss to under-
stand. There stands the eternal mandate of the
constitution itself, "you shall prescribe the reg-
ulations of time, place, and manner of holding the
elections;" and the only release from that obliga-
tion, through all time to come, by the plain letter of
the instrument, is in the event, and to the extent of
legislation by Congress on the same subject. How
is it that an express duty and obligation is thus to
lose its character, and be converted into a thing of
choice, at the will of one party? How is the per-
formance of a duty, thus solemnly enjoined, to be
avoided, except by actual disability to perform it?
Is there any other escape from the command of the
constitution?
Why, sir, gentlemen talk much about State rights,
