<244
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB.
Niagara county, New York, for improving the har-
bor of Eighteen-mile creek.
Also, the petition of citizens of Orleans county,
New York, for the completion of Oak Orchard har-
bor.
By Mr. HAYS: The petition of citizens of Craw-
ford county, Pennsylvania, praying for a reduction
of the rates of postage, and that they be made to
conform to the coin of the United States.
Also, a petition of citizens of Warren county,
Pennsylvania, praying for a reduction of letter post-
age, for the free transmission of newspapers within
the counties in which they are printed, and for cer-
tain other modifications of the laws in relation to
newspaper and pamphlet postage.
Also, a petition of John Spear, of Mercer county,
Pennsylvania, for himself and others, soldiers in
the northwestern army of the United States in 1794,
praying for pensions.
By Mr. HUGHES: The petition of Washington
Strange, praying Congress to grant him a small
quantity of land for services rendered in the last war.
By Mr. RITTER: A memorial from a num-
ber of persons interested in the transportation of
coal from the mines of Pennsylvania, praying that
canal boats employed in the domestic coal trade
may be exempted from taking out coasting licenses:
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. A. V. BROWN: The petition of L. P.
Cheatham, of Nashville, Tennessee, praying com-
pensation for losses sustained by him in conse-
quence of the non-fulfilment of a contract made by
the United States with him for the removal of the
Cherokee Indians: referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs.
By Mr. E. J. MORRIS: The petition of 110 citi-
zens of New Castle county, Delaware, praying Con-
gress to grant an appropriation for the repair of the
government piers at Fort Penn, on the river Dela-
ware.
By Mr. GILMER: The petition of Susannah
Powell: referred to the Committee on Revolution-
ary Pensions.
By Mr. TYLER: The petition of W. R. Morse
and others, citizens of Chautauque county, New
York, praying for the further prosecution of the un-
finished works at Barcelona harbor, New York.
By Mr. HARPER: The petition of Samuel G.
Chambers and fifty-eight other citizens of the coun-
ties of Muskingum and Licking, Ohio, praying for
the retrenchment of the expenditures of the general
government. Also, the petition of Samuel G.
Chambers and forty other citizens of said counties,
praying for the reduction of the present rates of
By Mr. HENRY DODGE: The petition of the
inhabitants of Racine county,,Territory of Wiscon-
sin, asking Congress for an appropriation for a har-
bor at the mouth of Root river, town of Racine: re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, a petition signed by three hundred citizens
residing at the town of Potosi and vicinity, in the
Territory of Wisconsin, asking Congress to repeal
the proviso of the fifth section of the organic law of
said Territory, and passing a law allowing every
free white male inhabitant (foreigners included) to
vote at all elections, after having arrived at the age
of twenty-one years, and resided six months in the
Territory, and having declared his intention to be-
come a citizen: referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Also, a petition of the inhabitants of Jefferson
county, Territory of Wisconsin, asking Congress to
establish a mail-route from the town of Milwaukie,
through Jefferson, (the county seat of Jefferson
county,) to Madison, the seat of government: refer-
red to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
The petition of the inhabitants of Washington
county, Territory of Wisconsin, asking Congress
for an appropriation for a light-house at or near the
town of Washington, on the western shore of Lake
Michigan, Territory of Wisconsin: referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
The petition of the inhabitants of Back river, ask-
ing the establishment of a mail-route from Prairie-
vilie, Milwaukie county, to Fort Atkinson, in Jef-
ferson county, Territory of Wisconsin: referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Two petitions of the inhabitants of Green county,
Territory of Wisconsin, asking Congress for an ap-
propriation for a harbor at the mouth of Root river,
town of Racine, in said Territory: referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
The petition of the citizens of Green Bay, Terri-
tory of Wisconsin, asking of Congress the estab-
lishment of a mail-route from Madison, the seat of
government, to Sun Prairie, in Dade county, to Co-
lumbus, in Portage county, to Brown, m Dodge
county, and to Wapun, in Fond du Lac county: re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
By Mr. JOSEPH A. WRIGHT: The petition
of Mary Ann Brunner, of Putnam county, Indiana,
and of other citizens, asking that Congress would
grant relief to Mary Ann Brunner for the sum of
$77 57, which she advanced and paid into the regis-
ter's office at Crawfordsville, Indiana, for the pur-
pose of purchasing a certain tract of land therein
named, which was not so applied: referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
By Mr. PURDY: The petition of Henry Van-
derlyn, and 154 inhabitants of Oxford, New York,
for the reduction of postage, and regulation of the
franking privilege: referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. GRIDER: The petition of Elisha Adair
for an indemnity from government for continental
paper: referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
By Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania: Petition
of the president and directors of the Alexandria
Canal company, praying further legislation for the
protection and security of said work: referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
By Mr. TIBBATTS: Petition of sundry citi-
zens of Campbell county, Kentucky, praying that a
mail route may be established from Newport to
Bellmont, in said county, by the way of Four-mile,
Twelve-mile, and Carthage: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. PARMENTER: Petition of Ebenezer
Hobbs, jr., and 40 other citizens, of Waltham, Mas-
sachusetts, in favor of a remission of duty on rail-
road iron imported for the Fitchburg railroad.
By Mr. CATLIN: Memorial of Erastus Dickin-
son and others, citizens of Connecticut. The me-
morial of John C. Martin and others, citizens of the
same State. Also, the memorial of Jared Clark
and others, citizens of the same State, severally re-
monstrating against the annexation of Texas to
the Union: referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 8,1844.
SLAVE REPRESENTATION.
After the reading of the journal, Mr. BATES
rose and said that, some days since, he presented to
the Senate resolves of the legislature of Massachu-
setts upon the subject of amending the constitution
of the United States, so as to apportion representa-
tion and direct taxation among the States, according to
the free population in each. He presented them
because, as a senator of Massachusetts, he thought
it his duty to do so. He moved to lay them on the
table. There was not within his contemplation
more than one event that could happen that would
induce him to call them up. He was not for dis-
turbing the foundations of the government. He
moved also, as was usual in such cases, that they
be printed. The Senate refused to print them. It
was now too late to move a reconsideration of the
vote; and he would not move it if he could.
Yesterday the honorable senator from Georgia
[Mr. Berrien] presented counter resolutions of the
legislature of his State upon the same sub ject. He
moved to lay them on the table, and to print them.
The Senate oidered them to be printed. He (Mr.
B.) voted for the printing. He rose then to bring
the fact distinctly and formally to the notice of the
Senate, that it might, if it thought proper, correct
the difference in its action; or, if not, that his State
might see the discrimination which had been made,
and the. measure of justice or injustice which had
been meted out to her.
The CHAIR inquired whether he intended to
submit any motion.
Mr. BATES remarked that he had no motion to
submit to the Senate. He rose only to submit these
remarks to its consideration.
Mr, TAPPAN presented a memorial from Joshua
Meyers and other citizens of Lorain county, Ohio,
praying for a reduction of the rates of postage, and
a discontinuance of the franking privilege: referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. EVANS presented a petition from John
Beckford and 225 persons of Eastport, Maine, pray-
ing for the repeal of the law allowing spirits in the
navy: referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
Mr. WRIGHT presented joint resolutions, adopt-
ed by the legislature of New York, instructing the
senators and requesting the representatives from
that State to use their influence in favor of the pas-
sage of a law which shall continue to each widow
of an officer or soldier of the revolution, who was
entitled to a pension under the act of Congress
passed July 7, 1838, the pension to which such
widow was entitled, for and during her natural life:
ordered to be printed, and referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr.. BAYARD said, some short time since a
series of resolutions was introduced "by one of the
senators from Illinois; one of which instructed the
Committee on Naval Affairs to inquire into the ex-
pediency of establishing a marine hospital at or near
the confluence of the Ohio. This was a ^matter, he
said, entirely belonging to the commercial marine;
and, as such, should have been referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce. The Committee on Naval
Affairs have nothing to do with that branch of the
subject; he, therefore, moved that that committee
be discharged from its further consideration. The
motion was agreed to.
Mr. MERRICK presented a memorial from the
Alexandria Canal company, praying that power
may be granted them to make the necessary by-laws
for the protection of their works: referred, with the
papers accompanying, to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. SEVIER presented documents in relation to
the application of Peter Engles, a soldier in the last
war with Great Britain, for a pension; which were
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SEVIER submitted the following resolution;
which lies one day on the table:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to furnish the Senate with all correspondence on file
in his office, or on file in the office of the Command-
er-in-Chief of the army, upon the subject of a se-
lection of the site for Fort Wayne, oh the frontiers
of Arkansas; and also to inform the Senate if the
building of a fort was commenced upon said site,
and with the reasons had for abandoning the erec-
tion of Fort Wayne at the point aforesaid; and also
that he further inform the Senate whether it is in
contemplation to place any more troops upon the
frontiers of Arkansas, for the safety and proper pro-
tection of the people of that State.
Mr. JARNAGIN asked leave to take from the
files of the Senate the petition of the administrator
of Andrew Stewart, praying compensation for a
wagon and team lost in the service of the United
States.
Messrs. KING and MERRICK made some re-
marks against any such departure from the rules;
and
The Senate refused the leave asked.
Mr. SEVIER presented a petition from a number
of persons residing in Benton county, Arkansas,
praying for the establishment of a military post at
or near Fort Wayne, to protect the inhabitants from
Indian depredations: referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. FULTON presented a petition from Theron
Bro wnfield, jr., praying that a patent may issue to him
for land entered in the land office in Arkansas, and for
which a patent was refused, on the ground that the
entry was incorrectly made. The petitioner repre-
sents that he has made large improvements on the
land: referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from a
number of the citizens of Erie c->unty, Pennsylva-
nia, praying that the harbor of Erie may be comple-
ted: referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. ARCHER presented a memorial, numerous-
ly signed by inhabitants of Richmond, Virginia,
and by many members of the legislature of that
State, asking for a reduction of the rates of postage,
and that the franking privilege may be reformed:
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented a memorial from
William Lacon and Lewis H. Bates, asking indem-
nity for damages sustained by them in consequence
of a suit of the United States for duties not due, and
of seizures by the government: referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
On motion by Mr. MERRICK,
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of allowing
