248
CONGRESSIONAL &LOB1.
before the House was the report of the Committee
of Elections; on which subject the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Beardslbv] had the floor.
Mr. BEARDSLEY addressed th§ House in favor
of the report, and argued against the constitutionali-
ty, as well as the expediency of the law of the last
session for districting the States,-which formed the
subject of discussion.
Mr. G. W. JONES concurred fully with the gen-
tleman from Alabama who addressed the House yes-
terday, that this question was one of paramount im-
portance, and that it rose superior to all party ques-
tions. He then proceeded to notice the constitutional
provisions in relation to the representation of States
111 Congress, the power of the States to prescribe the
manner of taking the election, and the persons who
were to exercise the elective franchise. He then in-
quired whether the people of New Hampshire, Geor-
gia, Missouri, and Mississippi, had chosen persons
to reprepresent them on this floor. That they had
done so, was not denied; and that they had done so
in conformity with State laws, was not denied; nor
was it denied that the persons so elected possessed
the qualifications of age, residence, &c., prescribed
by the constitution.
Was it not true that the people did fairly and
honestly, as far as this House was advised, procced
to select from among themselves persons possessed
of the requisite qualifications prescribed by the con-
stitution? The principle was laid down in the con-
stitution, that each State should have its representa-
tion in Congress; and the duty devolved upon Con-
gress to prescribe the number, under certain restric-
tions, of which that representation shall consist. In
1842, an act was passed by Congress, declaring
how many representatives each State should be en-
titled to upon this floor. The States of New Hamp-
shire, Georgia, Missouri, and Mississippi, had
chosen the number of representatives to which they
were entitled under that law—men possessing all the
requisite qualifications of representatives. Then
what was the objection which was raised against
the right of those representatives to their seats upon
this floor? In opposition to their right, the second
section of the apportionment law of 1842 was
brought forward, which declares that representatives
shall be elected by districts. And how was it
contended that Congress had the right to enact such
a provision, and to compel the sovereign States of
the Union to obey it' He was aware of the provi-
sion of the constitution which was relied on to sus-
tain this power on the part of Congress. The
fourth section of the first article states, that "the
times, places, and manner of holding elections for
senators and representatives, shall be prescribed in
each State by the legislature thereof; but the Con-
gress may at any time, by law, make or alter such
regulations, except as to the places of choosing sen-
ators." This was relied upon as furnishing to Con-
gress the authority for passing the act they did, or
rather the second section of that act. How did this
provision find its way into the constitution? Was
it introduced and placed there as an original and
substantive power of itself? No; it had been intro-
duced clearly and evidently in order that the people
might be able to comply with and follow up the
provisions of the second section of the first article of
the constitution; because, take from the constitu-
tion the first provision upon this subjcct—namely,
the second section—and the fourth section would be
worse than a nullity. It would have been absurd to
incorporate the latter provision without the first.
Why was the power conferred upon the legislatures
of the States of prescribing the time, places, and
manner of holding the elections? It was because
they were presumed to be better acquainted
with the condition of the people, and to un-
derstand better their sentiments, and wishes,
and feelings upon the subject. And in the second
place, why was the power conferred upon Congress
to make or alter such regulations? It was that, ill
case the State legislatures should fail, refuse, ncg-
lect, or were prevented by any circumstances over
which they had no control, to prescribe the times,
places, and manner of holding the elections, Con-
gress should do it for them, in order that the gov-
ernment should not be brought to a close, but
should have within itself the power of perpetuation,
so far as the elections were concerned. But did the
provisions of this fourth section of the constitution
confer upon Congress the power to district the
States, and to say that representatives shall be elect-
ed from separate districts? He contended that it
aid not, because it would be in opposition to the
.second section, which declares feat the representa-
tives shall be chosen by the people, and not by a
portion of the people of a State—not by a few, but
by the whole people. The fourth section of the
constitution would apply as well to the election of
senators as to the election of representatives in Con-
tress, in every particular, save as to the places of
olding the elections. Was there a gentleman upon
that floor who would take the ground that Congress
has the right-to say that a State should be laid off
into two districts, and one senator be chosen from
each' He thought not. He might be told that
another provision in the constitution gave
to the l%islatures the right of choosing sen-
ators, but the people were above all other powers
in the country. He might be charged with speak-
ing for Buncombe, which (as he understood the
meaning of that cant term) meant speaking for the
people. In this sense, he did profess to speak for
Buncombe; and he trusted that, while he should be
honored with a seat in that House, not only his
speaking, but his votes, should be for the people of
the country; and he thought if they all acted and
spoke more for Buncombe, there would be less
jarring and dissension than there was upon that
floor.
Here, then, (to return to the question,) was the au-
thority of the constitution on the one side, and the
second section of the apportionment law on the
other, in opposition to each other. It was impossi-
ble that both could stand. The House was brought
to this alternative—that either the constitution must
yield, or else the second section of this act of Con-
gress must give way, and become a nullity. No
one could doubt that this was the question; and he
would ask, having all, before taking their seats,
sworn to support the constitution, could there be
any hesitation as to which should yield? As far as
he was concerned, he had no hesitation; and, be-
lieving that the members of the four States had
been elected according to the constitution which he
had sworn to support, as far as his vote would go,
they should retain their seats.
Mr. CALEB SMITH observed that he had not
the vanity to suppose, after the very able speeches
that had been delivered on this question, that it
would be in his power to throw any new light on
the subject, or to offer any additional arguments to
those that had been already advanced. He regarded
this as the most important question of the present ses-
sion; and knowing that the people he represented
felt a deep interest in it, he considered it his duty to
present his views on the question involved. It had
been well remarked, that when this House was sit-
ting in judgment on questions arising under the con-
stitution, they should lay aside all party feelings and
consider them calmly and deliberately, and in a
spirit of fairness and candor. It was in that spirit
that he now desired to address the House; and in
doing so, he would be as brief as possible. It had
been said that this was a party question, under
which the leaders were to rally their forces and sup-
port the interests of their respective parties; but lie
thought that they should be influenced by higher
and nobler views, and consider the question m refer-
ence only to the great interests of the country. This
was the first time in the history of the government
that ail attempt had been made by Congress to ex-
ercise the power given to it by4he constitution, m
reference to the election of representatives in this
body; and it was the first time, within his know-
ledge, that the House had ever sat for the purpose
of deciding on the constitutionality of a law of Con-
gress. He was aware that the law had been the
subject of great abuse throughout the country, and
that the Congress that passed it had received its
share of npprobriuin, and had been denominated a
"Coon Congress," which sat here to advance the
interests of a party rather than those of the nation.
He did not stand up here to eulogize or defend that
Congress; and would leave them to the people, on
whose verdict they must be acquitted or con-
demned; but in regard to the constitutionality of
the law which was the subject of discussion,
. he must say that, in his belief1, no Congress ever
adopted a measure more wise, more just, or better
calculated to advance the great interests of the coun-
try, than this, or more strictly within its constitu-
tional powers. It was not now necessary to discuss
the expediency of the measure; but if it was, he
could offer abundance of arguments in favor of it.
But expedient or inexpedient, it was enough to say
that Congress had passed the law; and, as a law-
abiding people, they were bound to obey it, unless it
could be shown to be unconstitutional. A good
deal had been said in reference to the views enter-
tained on this subject at the time of the adoption of -
the constitution, and a good deal said about cotem-
poraneous opinions of distinguished statesmen at
the time. But it was remarkable that they had not
heard a word to show that a single one of the states-
men of that day held opinions in opposition- to the
constitutional authority of Congress to exercise this
power. Many of them expressed the opinion that
it was a dangerous power, and that Congress should
forbear to exercise it; but not one of them express-
ed the opinion that it was unconstitutional. Mr.
Madison, Patrick Henry, and "all the illustrious
statesmen of that period, admitted that Congress
possessed the power, though they viewed it as a
dangerous one, and thought that it should not be
exercised. He understood that those who denied
the constitutionality of the power were not united
in their objections to it. One gentleman denied that
Congress had the power to district the States at all,
though it would be found that the report of the
Committee of Elections conceded the power. Yes-
terday the gentleman from South Carolina took the
extraordinary ground that Congress had this power
only conditionally; and that was, when the States
committed laches in not exercising it them-
selves. But the strangest argument of all was
that of the gentleman from New York—who
admitted that Congress had the power, but not
having fully carried it out in the act of the last
session, the act was null and void. Mr. S. then
proceeded at length to reply to these objections; and
contended for the constitutionality of the law. In
conclusion, he expressed the opinions that the mem-
bers from the four States which elected by general
ticket, were here not only without the right to their
seats, but without the color of right; and that, to
make out a prima facie right, their certificates must
show that they were elected by districts, in conformi-
ty to the law of Congress.
Mr. GRIDER defended and justified the protest
made by the minority of the House at an early part
of the session; and entered into an argument in de-
fence of the act of the last session, and against the
right of the members from New Hampshire,
Georgia, Missouri, and Mississippi, to their seats in
this House.
Mr. COBB said, being one of those whose right
to a seat upon that floor was involved in the deci-
sion of this question, he trusted it would not be ask-
ing too much of the House, to ask an indulgent
hearing of the reasons which had brought his mind
to the conclusion, as one of the representatives of
the State of Georgia, elected under what was de-
nominated the general-ticket system; that he was
entitled to take his scat, and to exercise all the rights
and privileges of a member of that House. He did
not intend to detain the House for any great length
of time. He would endeavor merely to travel over
one or two of the principles involved in this ques-
tion, and leave the remainder of the subject to those
who might feel disposed to go into the discussion of
it. There were one or two points upon which it
was absolutely necessary that they v/iio had been
elected by general ticket Kliould bo heard, either
now or hereafter; and as another opportunity might
not be afforded him, he would take occasion now
to present to the House the reasons which had con-
trolled him in recording his vote, and in exercising
the rights and privileges which accrued to him as
one of the representatives from the State of Georgia,
the exercise of which rights and privileges he dared
not forego.
It had been said by bis friend from S. Carolina—
or rather the question had been raised by him,
whether those members who had been elected by
the general-ticket system, were entitled to vote upon
such questions as might arise in the progress of this
discussion, and in the decision of this question. He
could not entertain a doubt upon this point. And
he would proceed very briefly to assign the reasons
which influence him in coming to this conclusion.
At the opening of the present session of Congress,
or shortly thereafter, the question, was raised,
whether the members upon this floor were entitled
to hold their seats. A resolution was passed in-
structing the Committee of Elections, not to inquire
whether he and those other members of that House,
who had been elected under the general-ticket sys-
tem, were entitled to their seats; but to make the
general inquiry whether the members of this House,
now occupying seats here, were entitled to hold their
seats. The committee had taken the matter into
consideration, and had submitted their report to the
House, which report concluded with a resolution to
the effect "that all tKe members now occupying
