250
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the functions of this government could not, be
be exercised. If the legislature of Georgia had re-
fused or failed to discharge the duties which de-
volved on it—if the contingency had arisen for
which the good and wise men who framed the con-
stitution made provision,—the time would have ar-
rived for the exercise of this power by Congress.
The constitution left the power with Congress; and
Congress must decide when the time had arrived to
exercise that power. In deciding on the propriety
of its action, it must have reference to apts and cir-
cumstances, and to the opinions of those who adopt-
ed the federal constitution. But it might be asked
why the amendments suggested by the State legisla-
tures, at the time of the the adoption of the consti-
tution, were not incorporated into that instrument;
and he would reply that it was because this power
was one which it was understood Congress would
never exercise, except for one of two purposes—
self-preservation, or to produce uniformity, which
might be considered requisite for the preservation of
the government in its original purity. When this
occasion arose, he would go heart and hand with
the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Camp-
bell] in making provision to meet the emergency.
He should be with that gentleman, as one of the
representatives of the State of Georgia, to preserve
this government; or if there should be such a want
of uniformity in the action of the State legislatures
as to induce the belief that it was necessary to pass
such law. But, in relation to the act of the last
Congress, he asked if the time had arrived; was
there such discrepancy, such want Gf uniformity, as
to bring difficulties into the government, to call for
the exercise of this power? Not at all. No one
•would pretend that such was the case. But if it
had, he would say that Congress had failed to carry
out the powers which our fathers had given it by
the constitution. Congress'had failed to apply its
powers in such a way as would authorize the States
to yield up all authority vested in them. When
Congress exercised power, it should exercise it in
such a manner that the people of the States could
fully and freely elect their representatives under the
constitution, without reference to the State legisla-
tures.
He had presented to the House the reasons which
influenced his mind. They might differ from those
reasons which influenced others, who, nevertheless,
were on the same side as he was. For his opinions
he held no one responsible but himself; but if all
the reasoning there was not satisfactory to the
House that their election was valid, let the House
come up to the discharge of its duties, and let them
return to their constituents: if, however, the House
should deem their election valid, and the section of
this law under discussion to be null and void, it
was due to the people of Georgia, and to the consti-
tution, that they should remain here, and exercise
the privileges which the constitution secured to all
the representatives of the people.
The SPEAKER rose and stated the question to
be on the adoption of the resolution reported by the
Committee of Elections. No other gentleman rising
to continue the debate—
Mr. THOMASSON inquired if a motion had
been made to substitute the resolution reported by
the minority of the committee for that reported by
the majority.
The SPEAKER was understood to say that no
such motion was pending.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON called for the yeas and
nays on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. CRANSTON hoped the question would not
now be taken with so thin a House. He was also
understood to urge that several gentlemen, not now
in their seats, were desirous to address the House on
this subject before the question was taken.
Mr. R. D. DAYIS moved an adjournment.
The yeas and nays were called for, and being or-
dered, they resulted as follows: yeas 51, nays 78;
so the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. NEWTON rose and said that he had not
come prepared to-day to speak upon this important
subject; but he had never yet failed to do battle in
the cause of his country, and, however unprepared,
he would proceed to the discussion, if the House
would indulge him with a hearing.
A motion was made to adjourn; which, being
negatived,
Mr. NEWTON proceeded. The resolution of
the committee, if he understood it, waived the ques-
tion of constitutionality. It had not been urged, he
believed, that the law was unconstitutional, but only
that it was inoperative and void, because it did not
go to the full extent of the constitutional power of
Congress over the subject.
The law was admitted to have been passed
through all the forms of legal enactment, and had
been sanctioned by the President of the United
States. He did not stand there as the eulogist of
the present occupant of the executive mansion; but
a maxim with him was, not to war with the dead.
De mortius nil nisi bonum. If gentlemen would act
in the spirit which the President had manifested,
and give to their doubts that weight which he had
done, he would undertake to say that they would
not desire to decide this great constitutional question
in the manner in which, from the infirmities to
which they were all liable, he feared they would ar-
rive.
Mr. N. proceeded to argue at some length in fa-
vor of the constitutionality of the law; after which,
Mr. THOMPSON obtained the floor; and upon
his motion,
The House adjourned.
The following petitions presented to-day were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By Mr. STRONG: Petition of the inhabitants of
Brookhaven, on Long Island, for an appropriation
to preserve and improve the inlet to Port Jefferson
bay and Setauket harbor.
By the SPEAKER: Petition of postage-payers
at Richmond, Virginia, praying for the adoption of
the principle of prepayment of postage; that it may
be regulated by weight; for the reduction of postage,
and the reduction and regulation of the franking
privilege. A like petition of merchants and traders,
and other postage-payers of Richmond, Virginia.
By Mr. BIDLACK: Three petitions of similar ten-
or from citizens of Columbia county, Pennsylvania,
asking for a reduction of postage, and a revision of
the post-office laws generally: referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
By Mr. P. B. JOHNSON: Petition of James M.
Booth and 206 other citizens of Washington county,
Ohio, praying Congress to make appropriations for
the improvement of the navigation of the Ohio river:
referred to the Committee on Commerce. Also, the
petition of Jesse Skinner and 134 other citizens of
Hocking and Perry counties, in the State of Ohio,
praying for the establishment of a mail route from
New Lexington, Perry county, through Straitsvilie,
to Logan, in Hocking county: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. JOHN STEWART: Petition of George
H. Collins of East Haddam, in Middlesex county,
Connecticut, praying Congress to refund to him
moneys paid for land upon a certificate issued at the
receiver's office at Detroit, bearing date January 13,
1837, there being no such land as that described in
said certificate: referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
By Mr. BUFFINGTON: Petition of Edmund
Page and 129 other citizens of Indiana county, Penn-
sylvania, praying for the establishment of a post
route from the borough of Indiana to the borough of
Blairsville. Petition of Wm. McCoy and 95 oth-
ers, of similar import. Petition of Augustus Drum
and 26 others, of similar import.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 9, 1844.
Mr. MILLER presented additional documents in
support of the claim of Charles L. Williamson, for
compensation for injuries received in the naval ser-
vice of the United States; which were referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. STURGEON presented a petition from
Charles Avery, and 59 others of Pittsburg, and Al-
leghany county, Pennsylvania, praying for the con-
struction of a ship canal around the falls of St.
Mary: referred to the Committee on Roads and
Canals.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE presented a memorial from
sundry members of the bar of Michigan, praying,
for reasons assigned therein, that the thirtieth sec-
tion of the judiciary act, in regard to the taking of
testimony, may be amended: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Claims, to
which was referred the petition of John Washing*
ington, praying compensation for military services
against the Indians, m 1790, made an adverse re-
port thereon: ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, .from the Committee on
Public Lands., reported a bill to authorize the issu-
ing of a patent to Joseph Campau, for a tract of
land in the State of Michigan; and a bill for the re-
lief of Joseph Campau; which were read, and or-
dered to a second reading.
Mr. HENDERSON presented joint resolutions,
adopted by the legislature of Mississippi, instructing
the senators and requesting the representatives from
that State to use their best exertions in urging on
Congress the necessity of passing an act to reduce
the fees of officers of the United States courts in
that State. Mr. H. said he would commend to the
attention of the Committee on the Judiciary the
subject of the resolutions. It was one of great
grievance to the people of the State of Mississippi.
While the salary of the judges was insufficient
compensation for the duties which they performed,
the fees of the officers in the United States courts in
that State were so high as to be a matter of great
complaint on the part of the people. He moved to
refer,the resolutions to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. KING expressed a hope that the Committee
on the Judiciary would not confine themselves to
the bare state of the facts as it regarded Mississippi.
There were other States laboring under the same
grievance.
The subject was brought to the attention of Con-
gress by the State of Alabama long ago. He hoped,
therefore, that the committee would examine the
subject, so far as it regarded that State, and relieve
the people there from the excessive burdens by way
of fees to the officers of the United States courts;
for they were extravagant beyond measure. He
trusted that they would be so regulated as to allay
complaints, and at the same time afford fair compen-
sation to the officers.
Mr. BERRIEN (the chairman of the Judiciary
Committee) made some remarks upon the subject,
so inaudible as not to be heard in the reporters' gal-
lery sufficiently distinct to be understood and re-
ported.
He was followed by some remarks from Mr.
HENDERSON, which, for the same reason, cannot
be reported.
The resolutions were then referred to the Judicia-
ry Committee.
On motion by Mr. ALLEN, leave was granted to
withdraw from the files the petition of Joseph
Fletcher, for compensation for a wagon and team
lost in the service of the United States.
The adverse report of the Committee on Claims
on the claim of William A. Weaver, for services in
compiling the sixth census, was taken up and con-
curred in by the Senate.
THE FINE ON GEN. JACKSON AND THE RIGHT
OF INSTRUCTION.
Mr. DAYTON presented joint resolutions adopt-
ed by the general assembly and legislative oouncil of
New Jersey, instructing the senators and requesting
the representatives from that State to vote for the
passage of the act now before that body to refund
the fine to Gen. Jackson, together with interest upon
the same from that time to the time of its payment, *
as an act of justice to that distingushed patriot and
able defender of his country.
Mr. DAYTON said that, inasmuch as he did not
propose to address the Senate on the bill itself, lie
would briefly, but respectfully, respond to these res-
olutions now. I am (said he) most happy to receive
instructions in the course of my official duties from
any source; but when those instructions emanate from
a source so high as the legislative council and
general assembly of the State of New Jer-
sey, I feel myself peculiarly honored. Should
the bill in question be moulded into such form
as will justify me in my own judgment, it will give
me pleasure to conform my action to their wishes.
But I am unwilling, at this stage of the question,
to announce what will be my final vote upon the
bill. I am here for advisement; and so long as a
single hour remains—until discussion and delibera-
tion are both exhausted—I hold myself "open to
conviction." Should I finally doubt, the instructions
of a New Jersey legislature would have with me a
controlling power. But, sir, while I thus, with
unaffected sincerity, acknowledge the high es-
timate I place upon the opinions of that body,
let me not be misunderstood. I utterly deny the
binding force of these instructions. I will not
shield myself from a just responsibility by sub-
terfuge or evasion. I repeat, that I utterly deny
the binding force of these instructions. This cham-
ber was not intended as an automaton chess-board,
nor we as senseless pieces with which others play a
