CONGRESSIONAL GUiOBE.
game. If the legislature of New Jersey go further
than to advise me of their wishes—to communicate
what they believe to be the sentiments of our com-
mon constituents, they usurp a power which does
not belong to them. They were elected for no such
purpose. I hold my place on this floor subject to
no limitation save that affixed by the constitution;
and fesponsible to no power save that of the peo-
ple. Between them and me, I acknowledge no such
"go-between." Firmly, and yet respectfully, I
shall repel every attempt to encroach, in this or any
other form, upon my constitutional rights.
Sir, I was not elected to this body for any specific
object, but for general legislative purposes. So soon
as I assumed my seat, notNew Jersey alone, but the
entire Union was entitled to the benefit of my judg-
ment, of however little value it might be.
Although New Jersey may be satisfied, as far as
it is concerned, to have its legislature think for me,
will Massachusetts, will Georgia, will Kentucky
consent' As a senator of the United States, I have
relations with them. If 1 substitute the judgment
of a New Jersey legislature in place of my own,
what becomes of those relations? how are those du-
ties satisfied?
But, as a member of this body, the initiatory
step upon my part was an oath to support the con-
stitution of these United States. Has this doctrine
of instructions its origin there? Par from it. The
object of that provision which gives to the oftice its
duration, was expressly intended to provide against
those constant changes which this doctrine must
bring about. This was intended as the conservative
department of government—a something above and
beyond the reach of popular impulse, or sudden
change; and yet this doctrine assumes that a legisla-
tive body, elected annually, may direct us in our
official action here, or drive us from our seats. If
this be so, the constitutional provision is nullified.
But it it not so: the very act of resigning sooner than
violate one's conscience by obeying, admits away
the whole argument. The reasoning by which this
doctrine is attempted to be enforced, if I understand
it, is, that senators being appointed by the legisla-
ture, represent the State—the one as the principal,
the other as the agent. That wherever the princi-
pal, through its legislature, chooses to instruct, it
takes the responsibility, and the agent is bound to
obey. And yet those gentleman who profess to act
upon this doctrine, uniformity resign when instruct-
ed to vote in conflict with their own judgments. And
yet the vote to be given is rarely, if ever, a question
of moral right or wrong; it is a question of judg-
ment only—a mere matter of political expediency.
And yet upon such a question, and where the prin-
cipal assumes, as they say, all the responsibility,
the advocates of the doctrine resign sooner than vio-
late their consciences by obedience. Sir, the act of
resigning is an admission that, in despite of instruc-
tions the responsibility is yet with them. If the
legislature have the right to direct us in our duties
here, how, on such a question, involving no moral
principle, can it affect the conscience or the honor to
obey? This is one of those difficulties growing out
of this doctrine, and the practice under it, to which
1 apprehend there is no satisfactory solution.
My views upon this subject are fortunately not
the growth of my present position; they were ex-
pressed long ago, and under other circumstances.
In the year 1838 1 had the honor to be a member of
the legislative council of New Jersey. General
Wall, a highly respectable citizen of that State, then
held a seat in this body, politically opposed, as he
was, to a large majority of both branches of our
legislature. His friends had, a few years preced-
ing, been liberal in their instructions to Mr. Freling-
huysen and the late Mr. Southard; and their want
of obedience had been denounced with the utmost
bitterness. But the face of things had now changed;
their weapon was in our hands. It was sup-
posed by some that it was our duty to strike;
and that General Wall must obey or leave his
seat. I then assumed the position for which I
contend now—the right to express our opinions,
our sense of what we believed to be the views of our
constituents, but that the same was not, and could
not, constitutionally, be binding upon a member of
this body. In this modified form, resolutions were
passed. They were utterly disregarded by General
Wall. He said they were not instructions. Nor
were they, in the sense that he understood the word.
But if we were the principal, and he the agent; if
we were the master,and he the servant,—of what im-
portance was the form of expression? The servant
who knows the will of his master, is as much bound
to conform thereto as though he had his command.
Words are but the shell; it is the sense which con-
stitutes the kernel.
But, if I correctly understand the speech of my
respected predecessor, he would not have obeyed in-
structions, as such, emanating from us, because we
did not believe in them; or, in other words, he would
make our rule of faith his rule of conduct. He says:
"While I acknowledge the duty of. obedience to
instructions, it is right for me to say thas I do not
acknowledge the right of the legislature to play with
it as wax, and mould it to any form. I will not be
made the instrument of its abuse, nor shall it be
prostituted to fraudulent purposes through my aid.
I am no Jew; and do not believe, if my enemy disre-
gards the Sabbath, and makes war on me on that
day, that the command to keep it holy forbids self-
defence. I now announce that, if those who do not
believe in the doctrine of instruction, but trample it
in the dust, and laugh it to scorn, attempt to destroy
my political friends and principles by fraudulently
availing themselves of our reverence for that doc-
trine, they will not find me disarmed or unpre-
pared for defence. I will not lend myself to any
purpose to make the doctrine a sword for its ene-
mies to destroy its friends, or a shield to save the
enemies of the doctrine from all possibility of haz-
ard. If they mean to blow hot and cold, they must
select some other person to try that experiment
upon."
This, Mr. President, will limit the doctrine, in
its practical operation, within a very narrow com-
passs. It is needless for our friends to instruct, be-
cause our views conform already; and if the adver-
sary instruct we will not obey, because they do not
believe in the doctrine !
Sir^ when I find myself instructed by the party
now m the ascendant in the New Jersey legislature,
I am constrained to refer to these things. They
contain the last practical exposition of the doctrine
as maintained by the representative of that party
upon this floor. The New Jersey legislature, it has
been well said, has been an "instructing legisla-
ture;" but its instructions here have always received,
practically, but one exposition. Nothing, I think,
in the way of politics, would so much surprise her
citizens of both parties, as the resignation, at this
day, of a member of this body, in obedience to the
doctrine of instructions. But, sir, so far as affects
my own action, I care not who regards, or who dis-
regards the doctrine. In my judgment, it is a doc-
trine at variance both with the letter and the spirit
of the constitution, and therein I place my justifi-
cation.
Mr. MILLER remarked that he, also, had receiv-
ed from his State similar resolutions to those pre-
sented by his colleague. He would send them to
the Chair. He would not, on that occasion, trouble
the Senate with any response to these resolutions.
He would reserve his answer until the bill he was
called upon to vote for was taken up for considera-
tion.
Mr. JARNAGIN, fioni the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to which was referred a memorial from
a number of citizens of the town of Weston, Mis-
souri, praying for the adoption of some measures to
secure their titles to the holders of town lots
therein, reported a bill for the relief of citizens of
towns on lands of the United States under certain
circumstances; which was read, and ordered to a
second reading.
On motion by Mr. STURGEON, leave was
granted to withdraw from the files the petition of
John Brooks, praying compensation for certain
military services.
THE FINE INDEMNITY BILL.
Mr. ALLEN said it would be remembered that
yesterday he gave notice, (after the refusal of the
Senate to take up the bill restoring the fine to Gen-
eral Jackson.) that he would to-day renew the mo-
tion. Since that time he had had some conversa-
tion with several senators, which induced him to
waive the motion to take the bill up then, with the
understanding that he would make the motion on
Monday morning next.
Mr. HUNTINGTON, remarked that the un-
finished business of yesterday—the tariff question-
would come up on Monday next.
Mr. ALLEN was aware of that. That subject
would not come up in order until after 1 o'clock.
He proposed to take up the indemnity bill during
the morning hour of that day.
LUNATIC ASYLUM.
On motion by Mr. MILLER the Senate resumed
the consideration (agin committee of the whole) of-
the bill providing for the insane' hospital of the: Daw
trict of Columbia. •
Mr. MERRICK remarked, that since the bill was
last under discussion, he had received a communi-
cation from the president in charge of the Mary tod
hospital at Baltimore, in which the pauper lunatics
of the District were now provided for ana supported
under the law of Congress, upon the subject of the
amount due that institution for such service. A
sum of $3,000, it seemed, was provided by the bill
to defray the expenses of those unfortunate beings
for the year 1843. The president of that institution
said in his communication that the sum of $3,000
would only pay until the 10th of December last,
and that another quarter would be due before the
institution in the District could be made ready to re-
ceive them. On the 10th of March, $975, m addi-
tion, will be due. He, therefore, proposed to strike
out $3,000 from the bill, and insert $4,000, to be
applied to the purpose indicated, or so much as
would be necessary.
The question was put on the motion, and it was
agreed to.
Mr. ALLEN said he had asked the senator from
New Jersey [Mr.MitLER.] several questions the other
day, which he deemed it important should be answer-
ed. One was, how many of those unfortunate per-
sons there were to be provided for? Another question
was, how many of those persons properly belonged
to the different States, and were not residents of the
District' These were very material questions, inas-
much as the main argument referred to the fact that
most of the persons for whom the bill proposed to
provide were not residents of this District, but were
transient visiters, drawn here by the action of the
government. He again submitted these, questions,
and desired that the senator [Mr. Miller] would
state what was the aggregate number of those per-
sons, and the proportion of them who were not res-
dents of the District.
Mr. MILLER said he would give the gentleman
and the Senate all the information he had m relation
to this subject. There were, he understood, twenty-
five pauper lunatics who had been declared such by
the authorities in the District, under the act of Con-
gress. He had learned from the marshal of the
District, as the best source of information, that ou
of the number provided for by Congress in the Bal-
timore asylum, fifteen were not natives or residents
of this District; that they were brought here either
on business connected with Congress, or came for
other purposes. They had all, however, been de-
clared lunatics within the District, under the act of
Congress.
Mr. M. then proceeded at some length to show
the necessity which existed for the establishment of
an institution of this kind at the seat of government;
referring, in support of his argument, to the attempt
made by a lunatic to assassinate the President of the
United States, to explain the reason why such
an institution would necessarily require a larger ap-
propriation for its support, in proportion to the pop-
ulation of the District, than similar establishments
in the States would require, regarded in the same
point of view.
When this bill was before the Senate some days
ago, the senator from Ohio [Mr. Allen] had re-
marked that it appeared to him to be a kind of
scheme for money-getting. Now ho wished to re-
lieve the bill, and those concerned in it, from any
such imputation. If it was a money-getting bill, he
confessed it was the poorest contrivance for that
purpose that was ever conceived by man. Who
was to get money by it? the steward? the officers?
the inspectors? The whole salary -only amounted
to $1,250, to be under the control of the President.
Would this be a money-making affair to any of the
persons concerned in the institution? Certainly the
physicians would not find it a very lucrative busi-
ness; for, of all men in the world, none were_ so
poorly paid for their services as the physicians of lu-
natic asylums; and if it were not for that philanthro-
py which did honor to the profession—if mere sal-
ary were any consideration—the office would not be
performed. What did the bill propose to do? To
hire three inspectors, at a salary of $250 per annum;
a physician, at a salary of $500; the steward, at
$500; and this man was to live in the building, and
support a family on his salary. Was this money-
getting? Congress was called upon by its previous
legislation—by its duty to itself, by every motive o
humanity—to make this appropriation. He would
hold the strings of the public purse with as strong a
grasp as any man, to protect it from rapacity; but
