Feb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
268
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. French.
H. of Reps.
But let no man be deceived as to what will be the
effect of the avowal which I dread, and the action
for which I now look by the whigs of this House
and the Senate. Let them, as a party, take the
stand which I fear they will, and the consequence
will be, to some extent, to make it a party question;
and, although you will not be able to smother the
flame in the bosoms of western whigs now
in favor of it, yet many are the tongues you will
stop. Oh! what, a blight to the West would tins •
"western statesman" be, should Oregon be sacri-
ficed to this desperate and spasmodic effort to make
liim what he can never be—the President of these
United States. Would to God, Mr. Chairman, that
it might turn out that our western people could and
would break loose from these miserable party
shackles with which the leaders hope to bind them
to this modern Juggernaut, at the price of the loss of
this fair heritage. And it may be so. For my
country's glory, I will hope and believe that it will.
I will hope to see their patiiotism rise like a whirl-
wind at this effort to make what should be a na-
tional question, a party one. God grant that it may
be so- If it should, I tell those men who are play-
ing this political game, that they are trampling on
the verge of a volcano. If they once pull the party
cords so tight as to snap them, wo be to the politi-
cal wireworkers who attempt to turn the patriotism
of our western people mto the channel of promo-
tion to a political chief at the expense of their
country! The storm of indignation which will
overtake them will be as tenible as one of those
wonderful tornadoes, which sometimes leave our
vast forests a trackless waste of mangled rums.
SPEECH OF MR. FRENCH,
of kentucky.
In the House of Representatives, Ftbrvurij 12, 1844—■
On the report of the Committee of Elections, m
relation to the legality of the elections for repre-
sentatives in the Stntcsof New Hampshire, Geor-
gia, Mississippi, and Missouri.
Mr. FRENCH addressed the House as follows:
Mr. Speaker: The magnitude of the subject, and
thegraic and delicate nature of the questions pre-
sented, involving, os they do, oil the one hand, a
correct construction of the constitution of the United
States, and on the other, the powers of the States
in regard to the important right of suffrage, and the
manner of its exercise, cannot fail to impart to this
discussion the liveliest interest. I trust, however,
sir, I shall approach the subject withdue solemnity,
and fiom a desire that the great interests involved
may be preserved, and a corrcet construction ot the
constitution maintained.
Sir, befoie entering upon an examination of the
mam question, I feci myself called upon to notice
one or two preliminary topics already connected
with the debate, and which it is piopcr I should do,
to guard myself against misconstruction—I allude,
sir, to the question of the, policy or impolicy of the
distlia system, compared with that of the general-
ticket system; and without detaining the House to
assign the reasons why 1 am in favor ot the district
system oiei- that by geneial ticket, it is sufficient for
me to say that the district system is the real old-
fashioned Jetlersonlan lepublican mode of electing
membeis to Congress, and ought to be adopted by
all the States: indeed, sii,forone, I should have
been much gratified, if all the States had adopted
the district system, and this House and the country
have been spared the questions and the conflict to
which the second section of the act m question has
given rise. I yet hope and believe the four States
will, let the decision of this House be what it may,
speedily prescribe the district system of elections,
as being on every account the one most eligible for
the people.
But, sir, as the policy of the two systems is not
in issue in the report made by the Committee on
Elections, I pass to the second topic preliminary to
the main question; and that is, to notice briefly the
protest, as it is called, of the fifty members of Con-
gress (for X believe that was the number) who, on
the first day of the session, and before the organiza-
tion of the House, and before the members had
token the oath to support the constitution of the
United States, protested against ihe right to partici-
pate in the organization of the House, or to seats of
the members elected and sent here by the four States
of New Hampshire, Georgia, Mississippi, and Mis
souri, under the general-ticket system. .
Sir, I do not question either the motives or patriot-
ism of those who signed and presented that protest;
but the House of Representatives is made, by the
constitution of the United States, "the judge" of
the elections, returns, and qualifications of its mem-
bers. The House, in the performance of that func-
tion, is, for that purpose, a court, constituted by the
paramount law of the land. It is, indeed, the court,
and the only court, competent to pass upon the elec-
tions, returns, and qualifications of its membeis
Now, I submit to the candor and intelligence of
gentlemen whether, if a judge, called upon to ad-
minister the laws of his State, should be allowed to
commence his sessions, or proceed with the trial of
a case, before taking the oath of office; and whether,
if lie should decide a case in advance of the trial,
and without being so qualified, such a decision
would not at least be considered, by an intelligent
community, as premature. Would he not, by such
proceeding, subject himself to the imputation of be-
ing rash and partial in his decisions?
What would you think, Mr. Speaker—what
would your competitor [Mr. Botts] think—of me,
were I to offer a protest, in advance of the trial, and
before any evidence was heard, denouncing you as
not entitled to your seat, or denouncing him as not
presenting a claim to it sufficiently plausible to enti-
tle him to be heard? Would not such a course be
condemning you, or him, without a hearing' What
difference in principle is there, in this respect, between
the general-ticket members, whose seats are thus so
unceremoniously sought to be denied them by the
protest, and my conduct, were 1 so to act, in your
own case? There seems to be none.
Mr. Speaker, 1 voted to keep that protest' out of
the journal of the House, be'eause, never having
been received, it was not one of the pioceedings of
the House, and because 1 thought it violated the
great principle upon which all courts of justice pre-
served the impartiality of their proceedings—that of
never deciding any case until the judge is sworn in,
and the parties heard.
Sir, a motion was made to take the case of the
four States out of the Committee of the Whole, and
to bring it immediately before the House (the court)
for trial and decision; and believing the House, and
not the committee, to be the court, and that the trial
ought to take placc in coin-land not out of it, I voted
for the motion. The case being now thus brought,
before the House, and upon trial, I proceed at once
to the main question, which 1 confess? is one of great
constitutional importance, and which 1 trust 1 shall
approach under that sense of justice and impartiality
which it deserves.
By the second section of the constitution of the
United States, it is declared:
"The House of Representatives shall be com-
posed of members chosen every second year, by the
people of the several States; and the electors in each
State shall have the qualifications requisite for elec-
tors of the most numerous branch of the State legis-
lature."
By this clavfse the people of the several States aic
entitled to be leprcsentcd in this House, and to elei t
their own lepiesenlalives eiery second year In
this case, the members tiom the four States were
elected by the people of those States at the times,
plac.es, and in the, manner prescribed in each State
by the legislative theicof; and have presented here
their ceitiiicates of election, authenticated in the
usual form, and have accordingly claimed and taken
their seats as representatives.
But i lis objected that the elections held in the
four States wore unauthorized by the constitution
and the law, and are therefoie illegal and void. To
prove the illegality of these elections, gentlemen
quote and rely upon the fourth section of the 1st
article of the constitution of theUmted States, which
reads ill these words: "The times, places, and man-
ner of holding elections for senators and representa-
tives, shall be prescribed in each State by the legis-
lature thereof; but the Congress may, at any time,
by law, make or alter such regulations exceptas to the
places of choosing senators," and upon the second
section of the apportionment act, passed on the 25th
day of June, 1842, which reads in these words:
".find he it further enacted, That in each case where
a State is entitled to more than one icpresentative,
the number to which each State shall he entitled,
under this apportionment, shall be elected by dis.
tricts composed of contiguous territory, equal in
number to the number of representatives to which
said State shall be entitled—no one district electing
more than one representative."
Under this clause of the constitutions the legisla-
tures of each of the States had prescribed by law
the times, places, and manner of holding elections
for representatives to this House; and for more
than fifty years past the people of the old States
had, under those State regulations, elected their
members. Congress not being- satisfied to leave
those regulations any longer to the exclusive action
of the States, as had been done ever since the con-
stitution went into operation, but determining to
compel the election of members to this House by
the single-district system, passed for that purpose
the second section of the apportionment act
Now it is objected that the members from the four
States, having been elected by general ticket since
the passage of the act in question, are not legally
elected; and that therefore they are not entitled to
their seats.
Sir, the constitution commands the legislatures of
the several States to "prescribe" these regulations.
They shall do it; but its languge is very different as
to wnat Congress may do. It is that "Congress may
at any time, bylaw, make or after such regulations."
Congress lias the right to act, but is not bound
to act.
The constitution delegates to Congress the right
to make or alter—not the nght to compel the States to
make or alter such regulations, nor the right to dic-
tate to them the form in which they shall legislate.—
Congress then having the right either to make or
alter such regulations, the q uestion arises, how is
it to be done? There is but one way in which it can
bo done; and that is by leiw. The sccond section in
question is said to be a law within the meaning of
tlie constitution of the United States, and to have
made an alteration in the State laws.
The power to make such regulations is not the
power to otter. Had Congress undertaken to make
such a system as to enable the people of the States
to elect their members to this House, it would have
been necessary to have provided by law for tire ap-
pointment of a swarm of federal officers to hold the
elections in all the cities, towns, villages, and coun-
ties in the United States, and to have provided for
their payment out of the national treasury, and thus
to supersede not only the regulations prescribed in
each State by the legislature thereof, fixing the
times, places, and manner of holding elections, but
also to sot aside all the officers appointed by all the
States to hold elections for members to this House.
I can, therefore, easily imagine this view of the sub-
ject as disclosing one of the reasons why Congress
did not carry out the whole extent of its powers
under the power to make such regulations. How
such a radical change from State to federal legislation
would take with the people, could not be known; and
hcncc it was thought best to leave to the legislatures
of the States the "making of the districts, and the
appointment of the officers,
I am free to confess, Mr. Speaker, that ifCongiess
should interfere at all, this deference to thcStates, as
to the making, of the districts, appointment of the
officers,&e., if not to be taken or understood as a
mand-mius to the States, is more respectful to
them on the part of Congress, than it would have
been had Congress curried out its entire powers. In-
deed, Sir, if I, as a member of Congress, were called
upon to lay out the States into single congressional
distiicts, not being thoioughly informed as to the
geography of the different portions of the Union,
and bemg, m a great measure, a stranger to the feel-
ings and Wishes ot the people, I would at once feel
myself wholly incompetent to a correct discharge of
the duty; but the membeis of the State legislatures
would know how to lay them off; and, in doing so,
could and would suit them to the interests, the feel-
ings, and the convenience of the people.
The question, however, sir, still remains, Has the
second section of the apportionment act made on al-
to-ation in the State regulations? The answer to
this question involves the construction of 'he power
to alter. Does the power to alter mean the same as
the power to make? I think not. The power to al-
ter presupposes the existence of State regulations,
and is to be exerted by Congress to change, modify,
or make more perfect those regulations. The power
to make does not. The power to alter proceeds
upon the idea that the State regulations, when thus
changed, modified, or made more perfect, are still in
operation in their changed or modified state; so that
the rieople of *he Slates can continue to elect then-
members to this House. The power to 'alter, there-
fore, is not the power to destroy the State regulations-,
but is the power to preserve them in a more perfect
state than, without the alteration by Congress, they
would be.
