266
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of t/ie Committee of Elections—Mr. French.
H. of Reps.
Contending, therefore, as I do, that this is the true
construction and sense of the power to alter, in-
tended by the constitution, is the section in question
such an alteration? No, sir; for, instead of chang-
ing, modifying, or making the State regulations
more perfect, it has, if a law, by superseding the
State laws in conflict with it, put it out of the power
of the people of the general-ticket States to vote at
all. Instead, therefore, of being a power conserva-
tive of the right of suffrage, and of its exercise,
which the power to alter was intended to be, it is
thus made their dostroyer. If, Mr. Speaker, this
be the sound construction of the constitution, it fol-
lows, as a necessary consequence, that the second
section of the act in question is not a valid execution
of the power to alter.
Sir, the doctrine that this provision repeals the
state systems, cannnot be admitted for a moment; for
the anomaly has never yet been presented in the his-
tory of governments, of one government repealing
the laws of another. A law can only be repealed
by the law-making power of the same government
that passed it.
But, I have already conceded that, if this be a
law, it supersedes the' State regulations so far
as they are in conflict with each other; and the
great question still remains, is it a law? Has it
brought into being the single district system? If it
has, where are the districts? Not one even is made.
How, I beg leave to ask, can the district system be
said to exist, when there are no districts? can that
be, which does not exist?
Sir, 1 confess it is hard to prove a negative; but
as far as a negative can be proved, I desire to make
the attempt to do it—in other words, to prove, if I
have not already done it, that the section in ques-
tion is not a law.
Sir, there is a learned profession, called (if you
please) the legal profession; and when a student en-
ters upon the study of the law the first lesson that
he learns may, in the legal alphabet, be called the
letter A. And what is it? It consists in learning
how to answer the first question propounded to him.
What is law in its most general and extensive sig-
nification' The answer given is, that it "is a rule of
action." Such, sir, is the definition given by Sir
"William Blackstone and all other distinguished ele-
mentary writers and jurists, who are entitled to our
respect. Yes sir, not a rule merely, but a rule of
action; and according to the same authority, is ap-
plied "indiscriminately to all kinds of action, wheth-
er animate or inanimate, rational or irrational."
The regular returns of the different seasons of the
year—spring, summer, fall, and winter—are pro-
duced by a legular course of natural action, caused
by one of the great laws of nature, which the Deity,
in his wisdom and goodness to man, was pleased to
prescribe. The sun, which imparts life and heat to
the earth, acts in dispensing those blessings for the
benefit of man, by force of another great "rule of
action," or law of nature. Indeed, sir, the vast
machinery of creation, in all its varieties, is ever
under the line of march—ever in action, performing
the ends for which it was made, and accomplishing
those ends in obedience to the laws of natuie, or
rules of action. Let it be remembered, also, Mr.
Speaker, that law must be adapted to the nature of
the subject in relation to which it is prescribed, and
be capable, as a rule of action, of performing the
end for which it was made.
Now, sir, if we bring the section in question up
to this standard, and test it, what is it? Gentlemen
say it is a "rule." Concede it, for the sake of the
argument; and what then? Does that make it a
law? No, sir, for it, wants the other quality—the
other essential ingredient—to make it a law—"ac-
tion." Now, sir, I ask what action can be had or
taken by the people under the second section? Can
you put the right of suffrage m motion by it? Will
it enable the people of the States to hold their elec-
tions, or vote for members to represent them in this
House? Can they know, by looking into this pro-
vision, when or where to go, or make even the first
move towards voting? No, sir. Jt cannot, there-
fore, be a law; and, if no law, it has not super-
seded or abolished the general-ticket systems of the
States.
But, sir, to pass from the laws of nature—to which
I have only adverted as one of the foundations of
all law, for the purpose of bringing to view and
illustrating "what is meant to he understood by the
term "law"—I come now to notice, for a moment,
and for the same purpose, human laws, usually
called "municipal law," which I understand to be
the second lesson the student learns. What, then.
is municipal law? The same authors define it
to be "a rule of civil conduct prescribed by the
supreme power in a State, commanding what is
right, and prohibiting what is wrong." Yes, sir,
a rule of "conduct." This definition, like that
of law in general, makes municipal law also
a rule of "action." There is a difference between
advice, or counsel, which we are at liberty to take
or reject, and law which is" binding" upon us.
There is a difference also between compact, or agree-
ment, which is a promise proceeding from us, and
law, which is a command directed to us. The lan-
guage of a compact is: "I will, or will not do this;"
the language of law is, "thou shalt, or shalt not
do it;" "compact acts upon the willing, law upon
the unwilling also." All law, Mr. Speaker, is,
therefore, a command. If the provision in question
be law, it is a command either to the people of the
States, or to the legislatures of the States. If it be
directed to the people of the States, they cannot
make the districts required, or comply with its
command, as law, even if, to them, it be a command.
If it be a command to the legislatures of the
States to make the districts, it is considered as a
command to them, unconstitutional and void, and
therefore no law. The right or power in Congress
to command, order, or direct, the legislatures of the
States to prescribe regulations in relation to the
times, plaees, and manner of holding elections for
members to this House, is nowhere to be found in
the constitution; much less the right or power to
prescribe to the legislatures of the States the form or
mode in which they shall do it. Indeed, sir, it is
but just to say that such a right or power m Con-
gress is disclaimed even by those who contend for
the provision in question as being a law.
If, then, Mr. Speaker, the second section in ques-
tion, as is admitted by those who contend it is law,
has been passed by Congress under the power to
alter the State regulations, and not under the power
to make such regulations; and if the power to alter
implies not the power to destroy, but is the power to
keep alive, in their altered state, the regulations
of the States, so that, under them, the people of
the States can elect their members to this House;
or, if I am right in the position that law is
a rule of action and that no action in relation
to the right of suffrage can be had under it by the peo-
ple; and that, considered as a command to the legis-
latures of the States, it is unconstitutional,—it must
necessarily follow that it is no law; and, if no law,
that the general-ticket systems of the four States re-
main in full force, the second section of the appor-
tionment act to the contrary notwithstanding; and
that the members whose seats are sought to be vaca-
ted arc contitutionally and legally elected, and there-
fore entitled to their seats. Yes, sir, if I am right in
my position that this provision is no law, the case
before the House stands as though it had never been
passed; and all will agree that if it had never been
passed, the members in question would have been
legally elected.
Sir, there is another view of the question which
goes to prove this to be no law. Suppose this gov-
ernment was about to go into operation, and Con-
gress had determined not to prescribe any regula-
tions on the subject of elections of members to this
House, but to leave the matter wholly to the States.
Suppose, then, the legislatures of the several States,
meeting immediately after the adoption of the con-
tution of the United States, should pass no other
law or regulation on the subject but this second sec-
tion, and then to have adjourned and gone home.
Now, I ask gentlemen whether they could, in such
case, venture to say that this would be a law?
What would the people, in that state of the case,
think of those who passed it? And what would they
think of it as a law prescribed to enable them to en-
joy the right of suffrage? Would they not—nay,
would not all men—say this is no law' That no vo-
ting, no action whatever, could be had or taken un-
der it by the people? Surely they would.
Reverse, then, the proposition. Suppose the le-
gislatures of the States had never prescribed any
regulations whatever touching the times, places, and
manner of holding elections for members of Con-
gress, and that Congress had assembled for the pur-
pose of making the necessary regulations, and, after
passing the second section in question, and no more,
had adjourned and went home: what would the peo-
ple have said in that case? Surely they would pro-
nounce the same decision—no law.
Again: Suppose Congress should declare that the
elections in each State should be held on the same
day, without naming what day; I asls if that would i
be a law? Suppose Congress should declare that
the elections in each State should be held at the
same places, without saying where: would this be a
law? Could the people of the States, under such
legislation, by looking into the law, find either time
or places to vote' No, sir, they could not—be-
cause, in such case, neither time nor places could
exist under such regulation.
Sir, the report of the minority of the Committee
on Elections concedes that such a law in relation to
time and place would be vague. It says, page 12:
"Were Congress to pass a law merely declaring
that all elections of representatives should be held
en the same day, it would want the requisite cer-
tainty; because the State legislatures, looking to the
law only, would not know what day to designate,
and in what form to pass their laws. The same ob-
jection would exist to a law of Congress attempt-
ing to fix places, without naming them. The vague-
ness and uncertainty in these laws, instead of pro-
ducing uniformity, would cause only confusion and
'discrepancy in the legislation of twenty-six States
of independent legislatures; but this much mooted
section is invulnerable to all these objections."
This concession, Mr. Speaker, as to time and
place, in the report of the minority, settles the ques-
tion against the secotid section of the apportionment
act—for declaring that the "number to which each
State shall be entitled under this apportionment, shall
be elected by districts, is in principle the same as
declaring time and place, without designating or
fixing either. All three, time, places, and manner,
belong to the same family or class of cases; and if
it be necessary to^ designate the day or the places
of voting in the law. to make it a law, it is equally
necessary to fix the districts, where the law requires
elections to be by districts to make it a law."
I have therefore, Mr. Speaker, brought my mind
to the conclusion, on elementary" authority—the au-
thority of the constitution, and tfiat of the minority
report-—that the second section in question is no
law; but is a mere theoretic proposition or general
rule, existing only in theory; and, for all legal or
practical purposes, a nullity.
Sir, I was attentive to the argument of the hono-
rable gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Summers,] who
I regret is not in his seat, and who, on Saturday last,
addressed the House on this subject. Whilst I did
not see the force 6f his argument, candor compels
me to say I much admired his ingenuity. That
gentleman, in the course of his remarks, was under-
stood to take the position that the constitution com-
manded the legislatures of the States to prescribe
the times, places, and manner of holding elections
for members to this House; that Congress had the
right to make or alter such regulations, and that,
whatever part or portion of those regulations should
remain to be prescribed after the action of Congress,
the legislatures of the States were bound, under this
command of the constitution, to provide. That this
position was true, however small the action of Con-
gress as to any one of the three departments of
power (as the gentleman termed them) of the times,
places, and manner of holding elections; and that, to
the extent of the action of Congress, the regulations
of the States were superseded, the acts of Congress
being the supreme law of the land. He was also un-
derstood to say, in order to illustrate his doctrine,
that A having three houses, each having different
rooms to let, leased them all to B for a term, and for
a certain rent, with a proviso in the lease that A
might, at any time during the term, enter into one of
die rooms. Suppose (said he) A should enter into
one of the rooms of one of the houses during the
term, would not B be bound to pay the rent for all
the residue of the rooms in all the houses? and
maintaining the law of the case to be, that B would
be thus bound for the rent, he thereby reasoned to
prove that the legislatures of the States were bound,
by the command of the constitution, to make what-
ever remained of the regulations necessary to enable
the people of the States to elect their members to
this House, as B was bound for the residue of the
rent.
Sir, I do not think the gentleman's case, as put,
is an illustration of the case under discussion. But
for the purpose of making an illustration of the
point in controversy, I will put the case of the three
houses also; but in a different form. Suppose A,
having the three houses to let, executes a power of
attorney to B, commanding him to lease them out;
B leases them for a term, and puts the tenant in pos-
session; the same power of attorney has a proviso
in it declaring that C may, at any time, lease
out the game houses; or any one of theni, and if he
