March, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
267
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Rhode Island Memorial—Mr. Potter.
H. of Eeps.
should make such lease, it shall supersede the lease
made by B as to all three, or the one house, as the
lease might be; C, under these circumstances, makes
a lease to nne-hcdf only of one of the houses; would
the lease thus made by C supersede the lease made
by B to any extent? No, sir; the tenant of B would
hold all the houses, and be bound for all the rent; and
this, too, upon the ground that C, in making the last
lease, had not pursued or executed his power. Now,
sir, to make the application: the legislatures of the
States had made the necessary regulations to enable
the people to elect their members of Congress; and
were thus, so to speak, m possession of all three of
the houses. Congress, by the second section in
question, attempted to take possession of one-half of
one of the houses; or, the onr.-half of the one roam
only, as in the case put by the honorable gentleman.
Do not the legislatures of the States, like B's tenant,
retain them all, the second section to the contrary
notwithstanding? 1 think so.
But, sir, the position of the honorable gentleman,
that however small the action of Congress, the legis-
latures of the States are bound, under the command
of the constitution, to prescribe the residue of the
regulations as to times, places, and manner, of hold-
ing elections, however questionable, need not, for
the purposes of this argument, be questioned; be-
cause that is not the question at issue in this debate.
The question is, is the second section of the appor-
tionment act a law? if it be a law, then the gentle-
man's position becomes the question. But if no
law, as 1 contend it is not, then the legislatures of
the States <uc left fiee to carry out the command of
the constitution according to their own discretion.
Sir, the honorable gentleman was understood to
contend that the section in question was a law; and,
as that required "the number of representatives to
which each State is entitled to be elected by districts,
the legislatures ol* the States were bound by the con-
stitution to make the districts. Sir, this position is
more specious than solid, if the second section had
never been passed, then we all would agree the con-
stitution would contain no command to the legis-
latures of the States to make congressional districts.
The gentleman's argument is, that the constitution
commands the legislatures of the States to make
these regulations; the section requires members of
Congress to be elected by districts, and therefore
the constitution commands the legislatures to make
them: whereas it should be, the second section re-
quires members of Congress to be elected by dis-
tricts; the constitution does not make any such re-
quisition, and therefore the legislatures of the States
are commanded by the section in question to make
the districts, and not by the constitution. This argu-
ment is legitimate to piove this section to be, what
indeed several of the legislatures of the States have
considered it to be—a mandamus from Congress to
them, and therefore of no validity.
Sir, i do not contend that if Congress undertake
by law to make regulations prescribing the times,
places, and manner of holding elections, (i do not
now speak of the power to alter them,) a perlect
system must, in order to give validity to the first
act or acts of Congress upon the subject, be passed.
Whi.it I mean by a pcrfect system, is one enabling
the people of the States to elect members to this
House;'but I do contend that Congress, m legislating
under the power to make such regulations, must
prescribe such anile as will, under some one of the
three divisions of the power—limes, places, or man-
ner of holding elections—enable the people to act,
either in coming up to the time or the place, or in
doing some one of the acts embraced in the manner
of holding elections. For example: Congress may
pass a valid law as to time only, or as to place
only, or as to manner only, or some one of the acts
entering into the manner—as, whether the people
shall vote viva voce or by ballot; but whatever act of
legislation Congiess does pass, must, before it can
be a l«iw, put it m the power of the people to act, as
for as the act of Congress goes, without any new
legislation either on the pait of Congress or of the
States,
Another argument of the honorable gentleman
was, that acts or laws passed in pari matetia were
to be construed together and taken as one law; and
that nuroerious acts of this character had frequently
been passed by legislative bodies, the subsequent
ones being necessary to cure or remedy the defects
of the first, or to qualify, restrain, or enlarge the
first. This is all true, sir.' He then considers the
second section as the first of a series of acts that
might be passed by Congress on the same subject;
and if it should be taken into the legal estimate \5fiUi
the others, that might thus be passed as an act in
pari materia; it would, in this view of the case, and
according to his argument, be a law.
Sir, my answer to this position is this: show me,
in any of the States, acts or laws passed in pari
materia, and I will venture to say that, under the
first of the series passed upon the same subject, ac-
tion could be had. Whereas, I have labored to prove,
and I trust successfully, that, under the second sec-
tion, no action by the people can be had.
Mr. Speaker, the honorable gentleman was under-
stood to have expressed his desire to know whether
the second section could be built to or spliced by
subsequent legislation, either on the part of Congress
or of the legislatures of the States, so as to perfect a
system of regulations under which the people could
elect their members to this H'mse; and was under-
stood to contend that, as the first of a series of aets,
if so spliced, it would be a law; and hence to de-
duce the conclusion that it was, by itself, and with-
out such addition, a law,
To this I answer, that, if the section be law, the
gentleman is right; but if no law, then, to give to it
life and vitality as a law, it would have to be re-
enacted in such form as to make it a law, before it
could be law. If the legislatures of the States were
to make districts, the validity of the State systems
would rest on their own authority to make them, in-
dependently of the second section; and so would the
election of members to this House, if elected by dis-
tricts.
Sir, I have ever considered the general and State
governments, in their organization and structure, as
designed to operate harmoniously; each within its
own orbit, and by force of its own powers; neither
having the right to any of the powers properly be-
longing to the other; each, in this respect, being in-
dependent of the other, and each acting according to
its own judgment and discretion, uncontrolled by the
other. The second section depends upon the legis-
latuiesof the States, and not upon the powers of
Congress, to give to it its intended operation. It is,
therefore, in this particular, a departure from the
theory of our system. Each government depends
upon its own powers and action in the performance
of its duties to the country, neither being made to
serve the other; but both being made to serve the
people.
Sir, as the House "shall be" the judge of the elec-
tions, returns, and qualifications of its members,
whenever a case arises, in which the validity of elec-
tions of members to this House comes m question,
the House is bound to adjudicate upon the matters
of law as well as of fact involved. No other tribu-
nal can take jurisdiction of the legality of elections.
If the House cannot pass upon the constitutionality
of laws regulating the election of members to this
House. Neither can it pass upon the question,
whether laws regulating elections are or are not in
force. To deny, therefore, the former position, is to
deny the latter also. If the latter be denied, it de-
prives the House of its power and character, as "the
judge1' of elections- and the consequence is, theie is
no "judge" of elections.
Sir, gentlemen concede the right of courts, State
and federal, to declare laws to be unconstitutional;
and who among them ever have or ever will raise
the hue-and-cry against a judge, State or national,
for deriding a law to be unconstitutional? If a court
can exercise this power constitutionally, why cannot
this House, 111 judging of elections* A re two hundred
and twenty-three members, elected by the people of
this nation for their supposed or real qualifications,
to take care of the rights and honor of the country,
less safe or trustworthy than a court? No, sir; I
hope not.
Sir, if this House were to decide the second sec-
tion in question to be unconstitutional, it would no
more be nullification than it would be for a court so
to decide. Gentlemen need not, therefore, under-
take to alarm us with the idea of being nullifiers.
For, if no law, as we contend, then there is nothing
to nullify.
Mr. Speaker, the seven years1 war ended in secur-
ing to the people the right of self-government. If
they are not allowed to vote, they cannot be repre-
sented; and popular sovereignty is at once at an
end. It is by the excrcjsc of the right of suffrage
that the people rule: take that away and they are
slaves.
Sir, our forefathers—who, in all they did, seemed to
be endued with a wise forecast above that which be-
longs to their race—intended the right of suffrage to
live forever; and hence they made a double provis-
ion for its existence and safety, by commanding
the legislatures of the States to prescribe the regula-
tions necessary to keep it alive, and conferring up-
on Congress the discretionary right to make or al-
ter such regulations. They believed, as • the State
legislatures were immediately under the eyssof the
people, and acting always as if in their presence, this
important right would never be jeoparded.
It was wise, therefore, thus to keep the right of
suifrage as near as possible to the people, to keep it
at home.
But as it was possible some of the States might
fail or refuse, or lie unable by reason of war, inva-
sion, or rebellion, to make the necessary regulations
for its exercise, and Congress might therefore fail, it
was deemed prudent also to delegate to Congress
the right to supply those and other omissions by
the States.
Sir, this is a conflict between Congress and the
States. If the second section be law, then the peo-
ple of the four States cannot be represented here un-
til they elect by districts. If it be no law, then the
expulsion of their members would be nullification
indeed. Yes, sir, nullification- of the right of suff-
rage; nullification of the right of representation;
nullification of the people; nullification of the four
States out of this House, and, to that extent, out of
the Union.
SPEECH OF ME. POTTER,
of rhode island,
In the House of Representatives.—Upon the msmoria
from the democratic members of the legislature of
Rhode Island.
february 19, 1844.
Mr. Burke presented the memorial of the demo-
cratic members of the legislature of Rhode Island,
requesting the House to inquire into the conduct of
the President of the United States in relation to the
the late troubles in Rhode Island, into any viola-
tions of the post office, and forcible entering ofhouees:
also into the right of the members from said State
to their seats; and further requesting Congress to
execute to that State the guaranty of a republican
form of government contained in the United States
constitution in favor of the people's constitution—so
called. Referred to Messrs. Burke of .New Hamp-
shire; Rathbun of New York; Causin of Mary-
land; McClernmnd of Illinois; and Preston of
Maryland.
march 7, 1844.
Mr. Burke, from the select committee, moved
that the committee have power to send for persons
and papeis; and Mr. Causin moved that the select
committee be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the memorial.
march 9 and 12.
Mr. POTTER addressed the House on the fore-
going motions:
Mr. Speaker: 1 wish to present to the House a
few reasons why these motions should not be en-
tertained, and why the subject should not be any
farther acted on.
It appears to me that there is enough in the me-
morial itself, and apparent upon the face of it, to
satisfy the House as to its character. The men who
have signed it are members of the present legislature
of Rhode Island. They lvave professed their submis-
sion to the present lawful government of the State;
they, within a year, have publicly taken upon them-
selves a solemn oath to support it. And now these
same men petition Congress to overturn this very
government which they have sworn to support.
This alone is reason enough why any memorial
coming from thorn should receive no attention from
this House. _ .
But, sir, supposing all the facts they state to be
true, what power has this House over the matter?
This House has power to judge of the elections o
its members, but is there any pretence that we are
illegally elected, that the meetings were not legally
held, or that we did not receive a large majority o
the legal votes? Not the least. The memorial does
not pretend tosay any such thing. As to impeaching
the President, if that is their object, let them say so.
I should like to see it tried. The only real ground
then for interfering must, be under that clause ofthe
United 'States constitution which guaranties to
every State a republican form of government. But
does any one dare to assert that our present consti-
tution in Rhode Island is not republican? It is mat-
ter of. astonishment that the democratic party, who
