CONGRESSIONAL GtO B.
any step in the matter, its action must he complete,
or else it was inoperative. What was the question
now before the' House? Four States—Georgia,
New Hampshire, Missouri, and Mississippi—had,
under their election laws, which prescribed the time,
places, and manner of holding their elections, agree-
ably to the wishes and views of the people, sent
representatives to Congress. There were three par-
ties to this contest—the Congress of the United
States, the legislatures of the States, and the people.
The people possessed the inherent right of representa-
tion; and it was a most clear construction, that where
there were conflicting statutes they must be so con-
strued as, if possible, not to defeat the right. The
right which the people had was to have a voice in
the making of laws by which they were to be
governed. The people had an election system by
which their elections had been held. He would not
now discuss the point whether the legislatures of
the States were bound to conform to the legislation
of Congress or not. They did not not conform;
they did not intend to be defeated or deprived of the
right of representation; and, as was said by the
gentleman from Virginia, if a statute were in its
terms impossible to be complied with, it was of no sort
of force or validity. In this case the people could
not conform to the act of Congress; and this he held
to be a sufficient answer to the argument of those
who contend that Congress may exercise legisla-
tive power to a certain extent, and leave the re-
mainder untouched, and call upon the States to carry
out and complete the enactment, and then to comply
with it in all its particulars. If anything was clearly
established, it was that Congress having the supe-
rior power, if they take upon themselves the ex-
ercise of it, must exercise it in such a way as
not to defeat, but to secure, the right of re-
presentation. This point had been so ably ar-
gued by the gentleman from New York, that he
need not now dwell upon it. If Congress had the
power contended for, he could only say it had been
exercised most imprudently. Suppose the repre-
sentatives of these four States were rejected: the peo-
ple who elected them would probably send them
back, and again call upon Congress to admit them
to their seats; and what then would be the course ta-
ken by this House? Would they persist in the
stand they had taken, and occasion a dismember-
ment of the Union? This would be the inevitable
result. It seemed to him that they were compelled
to admit that these members were entitled to their
seats. It was said the act of Congress was no man-
damus to the States; and yet, if they do not comply
with it, it was said their representatives were not en-
titled to their seats. If it were not a mandamus, it
must be just what the President of theU. States said
it was when he signed it, viz:—that it was an act mere-
ly advisatory ana recommendatory in its terms; and,
without this construction, it never would have had
a place among your statutes. Mr. T. then referred
to the powers of Congress upon various sub-
jects analogous to the one under consideration,
and argued that in all these cases Congress was
bound, if they took action at all, to carry out and
perfect that action, or else their proceedings would
be a mere nullity. It would be no more, at all
events, than a mere advisement or recommendation
to the States.
He took for granted that the right of representa-
tion was a right which characterizes every free gov-
ernment. Just in proportion as this right was secured
to a people, in that proportion liberty could be said
to exist. Why was the Russian a slave? He pos-
sessed no right of representation. He might be
contented, prosperous, nay, even happy in his con-
dition; wearing the trappings of his lord and mas-
ter, he might even be proud of lus condition; but he
was, nevertheless, a slave. He could not partici-
pate in making the laws by which his rights were to
be determined. What was the great distinguishing
difference between a slave and a freeman? It was
that the one had a voice in the making of laws, by
which he himself should be governed, and the other
had no sucli right. He conceived, then, that the
right of representation was the dearest boon of free-
men, and should be jealously cherished.
How often is the complaintheard in the different le-
gislatures that the districts arenotmade in conformity
with the wishes of the people? Once begin and tamper
with the subject, and acknowledge that Congress can
district the States, and the party that is defeated
m any State will petition Congress to district it anew.
If Congress, could do this, it could district one State>
and have another undistricted; and in the hands of a
corrupt party here, having the control of this and
the other House, and the presidential chair-,:what
cm-ruption might not grow up? Could they nqt lay
off the districts, and give to one ten members, and to
another of equal size only one? It could not have
escaped the minds of those who attended this con-
vention, if they supposed that Congress would ever
claim this power, that its exercise would produce
these tremendous consequences. Had they supposed
that such would be the results, they.woula have
taken the alarm, and stricken the power from the
constitution. But how did the States derive the
power of districting? He held that the first article of
the second section gave that power, by declaring
that the House of Representatives shall consist of
members to be chosen every second year by the peo-
ple of the States; and that when any one member
is elected from a State, he is the representative—not of
a portion of the State, but of the whole State. That
being the case, what power has the legislature to
lay off the States into districts? It was done on the
principle that all having equal powers, the legisla-
ture may so lay off the State as to suit the conve-
nience of all the people of the State. Having, as he
hoped, made himself understood on this point, he
would proceed to another. He would agree that if
the States derived the power of districting from the
fourth section of the constitution, Congress had
the right to do it under the same section. He held
that they had not the right from that section, but
that they held it by the article of the amendments
reserving to the States and the people thereof the
rights not granted to the government, and by the
principle of agreement between the legislatures and
the people, by which they may district the States to
suit the convenience of the latter. He denied that
the four States had shown any factious opposition
to the law; it was impossible for them to obey it,
and Congress had no right to require it of them.
The gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Belser,] asked
what would be the consequence if the large States
should adopt the general-ticket system.
He looked upon such a measure as most disas-
trous and ruinous to the small States. Now, he
(Mr. T.) looked upon it as far more dangerous to
them, that a corrupt majority here should have the
power to district the States at pleasure; and if they
should adopt the principle that Congress may in-
struct or command the States, where was it to end?
In conclusion, Mr. T. said that, Congress having
discharged its duty imperfectly, their act was null
and void; and, as a consequence, the members from
the four States were entitled to their seats. Con-
gress, he thought, had no right to prescribe to the
States; and all it could do was to designate the time
when, and the place where, the elections are to be
held.
Mr. STEPHENS observed that he was aware
that the House was wearied with this subject; and,
as so much time had already been occupied with it,
he should be brief, and should endeavor to confine
himself strictly to the question before the House.
The gentleman who had just concluded his
remarks, advanced the opinion that it never
was intended by the fourth section of the first arti-
cle of the constitution to confer the power of dis-
tricting the States on Congress. It seemed to him
that the gentleman, and all those who occupied the
same ground, were forced to this position. Now,
he contended that the power was given to Congress
by this article; and to prove this, Mr. S. quoted
the opinions of Mr. Madison m the convention.
The gentleman made another remark that he must
notice: he said that, if he believed the law was con-
stitutional and binding, he would not take his seat
here. Now, he (Mr. S.) held differently. He held
that the law was constitutional; yet he would take
and retain his seat here so long as the House would
permit him to do so. He had been asked by gen-
tlemen how he could maintain this position; and his
reply was, that the question was not for him to de-
cide: the constitution had constituted this House
the tribunal to adjudicate it; and to that tribunal it
was his duty to leave it. He would not set up his
judgment in opposition to that of the tribunal desig-
nated by the constitution. Believing the law to be
constitutional, he would not violate it, but would
stand here to support and defend it, to the utmost
of his ability; and, if he could convince the House
to-day that the members returned from the four
States which elected by general ticket were not en-
titled to their seats, it would be his pleasure to do
so. Notwithstanding he held these opinions, he be-
lieved he had a right to take his seat here; and he
also believed that he had a right to vote on all the
questions that might come before the House. He
SSte
could, ! t -bft pgatoiiii Jgpt
tion, any more than the other mep&ers
precluded from voting on the question vketfwjr
the elections-, held under the district; tjMtcni--ppjsi
valid. He might raise the question whether tliS
members elected by the district system were entjtjed
to their seats; and he sisked if every individual here
would not have the right, and be bound by hif
oath, to vote on it. The question hadieen s^ted,
by the gentleman from Indiana, the other day, to be
a party one: at least the gentleman said that, when
the question should come up, all the- members of
the democratic party would vote one way, and
those of the opposite party the other. For
his part, he was glad to see that it wa#
not a party question, and several gentlemen of
the democratic party were in favor of the consti-
tutionality of the law. It was true that a majority
of those opposed to the law were of the democratic
party, but the measure was originally introduced
by a member of that party, [Mr. Campbell,] and he
was glad to find that, in the settlement of this great
constitutional question, the two parties were not ar-
rayed against each other. He would here take oc-
casion to reply to a remark made by his colleague
the other day, that, in the State of Georgia, both pai>
ties were in favor of the general-ticket system. He 
begged leave, respectfully, to differ with his col-
league; for, so far as his observation extended, hje
was satisfied that a majority of the people of that
State were in favor of the district system. Mr, S.
here noticed the act of the democratic legislature
districting the State, which was vetoed by the gov-
ernor, and the state of parties in relation to this
question.
He then proceeded to discuss the constitutionality
of this law of Congress. He contended that Con-
gress had a full and absolute power—a power, the
exercise of which depended on no contingency—to
district the States. This power was conferred by
the clause of the constitution which had been relied
on throughout thiJMfcate; and, as contemporaneous
exposition had b€W referred to, he affirmed that
such exposition also supported his views of this ques-
tion. He quoted authorities to show that an amend-
ment to the constitution was proposed by a State con-
vention, so as to limit the exercise of this power by
Congress, but it was negatived; and the whole case
showed clearly that it was then understood that
Congress possessed the absolute power. Mr. Madi-
son, who must be supposed to havelcnown what
was meant by the constitution, so understood it.
It was admitted that Congress possessed the
power; but it was said that if Congress acted at all
it must exercise a complete power, and must go
into detail. He went on to reply to his colleague
[Mr. Cobb] on this point, and instanced many al-
terations of statutes, which were effected without
repealing the statutes altered. He also quoted the
language of Mr. Madison on this point, who under-
stood that general powers were conferred on Con-
gress, and particular powers on the State legisla-
tures. His colleague had contended that, if Con-
gress exercised its power on this subject, it must
supply something for that which it displaced: to
this he replied that Congress had, in the exercise of
its general powers, as described by Mr. Madison,
supplied the district system for the general-ticket
system, on which the State legislatures were to ex-
ercise their particular powers. He illustrated his
position in various ways; and then went on to con-
contend that Congress might exercise powers which
would require legislative action on the part of the
States to secure to the people of the States their
rights.
Suppose Congress had regulated the naturalization
laws for all the States; suppose they had declared -
that no individual should be naturalized in Georgia
without a residence of four years: could an individ-
ual, in such case, be naturalized there without com-
plying wtth that, law, unless the State legislature
should act upon the subject'
There were one or two other doctrines in the re-
port of the committee, to which he wished to allude,
and he did so to show the extravagance of that re-
port.
[Mr. S." here read a portion of the report.] He
would ask if the passage of the districting clause
of the apportionment act had entirely uprooted the
whole system of legislation in the States? Did not
their legislatures assemble every year as before?
Had this law any such operation as that stated. He
referred to the doctrines of Mr. Madison, upon State
rights and the powers of Congress; and declared that
he held similar opinions to those promulgated by
