2$4
O3&0RESSIONAL' GLOBE.
that distinguished man. He held' that all power
emanates from the people; and the will of each
particular portion of the people should be
declared and have its due weight. Let the
doctrine be once established, that minorities
should be represented; let the majority vacil-
late from one side to the other in succession, and
let the legislation of a country roll and rock from
one side to the other, and the government must fall.
Your men of power could never stand these repeated
surges. It was another remark of Mr. Madison
that a patriotic people ought to impose checks upon
themselves, to guard against these ebullitions of
feeling. "If," said Mr. Madison, "the people of
G>-eece had been governed by this principle, they
would have been relieved from the humiliating
spectacle of voting the hemlock on one day, and a
statue on another, to the same individual." He
wished, as far as he was able, to save the people of
this country from such a condition.
Mr. A. V. BROWN next addressed the House.
It would be remembered that, at an early period of
the session, he had introduced a bill proposing to re-
peal the second section of the apportionment law,
which was the subject of this discussion. The sub-
jects were identical, and the arguments must neces-
sarily be the same; and when this debate came to an
end, he intended to move the adoption of that bill, in
order that the question might be settled at one and the
same time. Standing in responsible connexion with
both these measures, he trusted he would be excused
by the House for participating in this debate, yet he
was free to declare that, if he entertained the opin-
ion which had just been advanced by the gentleman
from Georgia, and if he stood in the situation of
that gentleman in regard to this question—if he en-
tertained the opinion that he had no right upon that
floor—that he was not legally there,—he would not
remain an hour in that House, nor take part, in the
slightest degree, in the discussion here going on.
He would never take upon himself the responsibili-
ties of a situation in which H(jbelieved he was not
entitled by law to exercise any jurisdiction. The
manner of the introduction of the second section of
the apportionment bill was too remarkable-and ex-
traordinary to have escaped the attention of gentle-
men. More than fifty years had rolled over the ex-
istence of this country, and no such legislation as
this had been proposed. State after State had risen
up, and become members of this confederacy, no
one of which had ever failed faithfully to perform
its duty in peace and war, in prosperity and adver-
sity. And during the severest conflicts of party,
all had done their duty; and no one State of the
Union had ever failed to furnish its full proportion
of the national representation. And he would ask
the House, and, if it were possible, he would ask
the people of this country, what could have induced
the Congress of 1843 to wage this unprofitable war-
fare against the constitutional rights and the ancient
usages of the States? No petition or memorial had
come up from any of the eighteen millions of the
people of this country, praying for this action on
the part of Congress. The introduction of that sec-
tion was the work of party; it was the result of that
party spirit which gentlemen were desirous should
n ot now be introduced into this discussion. It was'
the effort of a party to perpetuate a triumph in this
country, (whether by fraud or chance,) for without
such a resort, they saw that their power was likely
to be lost.
Mr. CAMPBELL (by permission of the gentle-
man from Tennessee) explained the origin of the
second section of the apportionment act. It would
be recollected, he said, that a resolution was intro-
duced by him instructing the Committee of Elec-
tions to inquire m to the expediency of regulating
the elections in such a way, by law, as to
make them uniform throughout the United
States. The committee, 111 conformity with those
instructions, reported a clause which was afterwards
incorporated in that bill; and being somewhat mod-
ified upon his motion, assumed the shape it now
bore, as the second section. He had originated the
proposition in the first instance; and, in the second
instance, he had given it its present shape.
Mr. BROWN said he was not at all at a loss
upon this subject. He was. perfectly familiar with
the whole circumstances. The apportionment bill
had never been intrusted to the Committee of Elec-
tions; and it was the rankest usurpation on the part
of that committee to have any thing to do with it.
. He only adverted to this subject because it had
been announced to the House by the gentleman
from Georgia that the law originated with the dem-
ocratic party. He had stated that this second sec-
tion of the apportionment act was introduced by a
gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Halsted] who
was at the head of the Committee of Elections, and
a member of the whig party; and that this second
section had no democratic origin. It was neither
democratic in its origin, nor in its progress through
the House. The democratic party opposed that
section at every stage of its progress; they contested
every inch of ground; and finally recorded against it
a unanimous vote.
Mr. CAMPBELL here rose to correct the gentle-
man.
Mr. BROWN continued. Unanimous, did he
say? No, he was wrong; the vote was not unani-
mous. The gentleman from South Carolina went
over to the enemy; and that enemy was so delighted
at it, that they promoted him to the command of their
cohorts, which he led on to victory. He would not
have adverted to this subject, had it not been first
brought up by the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Ste-
phens.] He need not repeat the result. A reference to
thejournal would show that the democratic party was
overcome by a vote of 101 to 99, so that the vote of
the gentleman from South Carolina, and one other
member from his State, would have turned the
scale, and have saved the members from four States
from the mortification of having their rights to their
seats contested. Such was the history of the rise
and progress of this whig measure at the cele-
brated session of 1842. Now (Mr. B. said) his com-
plaint was not that the measure was originally in-
troduced by the gentleman from South Carolina; not
that it was referred to the Committee of Elections—
a reference which he thought an unfortunate one—
but that it was incorporated in the apportionment
bill, which must, of necessity, have been passed, or
the government dissolved. When this measure was
incorporated in the apportionment bill, the vote was
101 to 99; every democratic member but the gen-
tleman from South Carolina voting against it. On
the engrossment, the whole democratic vote was re-
corded against it. And again, when Mr. Cooper
of Georgia moved to lay it on the table, the
whole democratic party voted for it, though the mo-
tion was rejected. Finally, when the bill came back
from the Senate, still retaining this second section,
which it had been in vain attempted to get stricken
out there, an ineffectual motion was made in the
House .to strike it out; in favor of which motion the
same vote was recorded. Every effort was made,
but without success, to enable the democratic party
to get clear of it.. Mr. B. then went on to discuss
the constitutionality of the law, and contended that
it was inoperative, and not binding on the States.
The ground he took was, that Congress, if it acted
at all in the matter, should so construe the provij
sions of the constitution involved, that the right of
representation shall not perish. The law was such
as it was impossible for the States to execute, and,
therefore, not binding on them. He denied that the
words "manner of holding the elections," related to
laying off the States into districts, within the sense
or meaning of the constitution; and that there was
meaning enough in the phrase, without having to
resort to this construction. He took the ground
that the meaning of this part of the constitution was
to be ascertained from the construction given to it;
not by the convention which framed the instrument,'
but by the construction given by those who ratified
it; and cited the construction given by seven of the
States, under which they consented to the ratifica-
tion.
Mr. CHILTON next took the floor, and com-
plained, at the outset, that the report of the major-
ity of the Committee of Elections had not decided
the question of the constitutionality of this law;
and yet, under the circumstances of the case, he as-
sumed that the whole strength of the argument, on
that side of the question, was embodied" in that re-
port. He then went into a constitutional argument
and an examination of the several oowers of the
State and general governments, and occupied his al-
lotted time in an argument against the rights of the
members elected by general ticket to their seat on
that floor, and in justification of the act of the last
Congress.
Mr. PAYNE observed that it was not his inten-
tion to detain the House long; and he would not
have claimed their attention at this time, were it not
that he did not wish only one side of the question to
be presented from the State he had the honor m part
to represent. Another reason with him for rising at
this time, was that topics had been introduced in the
debate by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. New-
ton,] which were entirely foreign to it, and whjteh
could have been intended for no other purpose than
to produce effect outside of these walls. He had
supposed that this question, was to be discussed on
its merits; and not that party questions, long since
gone by, should be dragged into it. The murdering
ghost of the army bill had been brought up by the
gentleman; and he was surprised, when he heard
such a subject as that brought up, that the old story
of the "gold spoons" was not added to it. Cer-
tainly the gentleman might, with as much
propriety, have introduced the gold spoons,
as this worn-out humbug of the army bill 
both of which were only remembered with scorn
and contempt by the reflecting men of both parties.
But the gentleman said that Mr. Van Buren strongly
recommended the army bill. Here he joined issue
with the gentleman, and asked for the proof. Pie
recollected that, accompanying the report presented
by Mr. Poinsett, there was a paragraph, not more
than two inches long, calling the attention of Con-
gress to the organization of the militia, as presented
in this report; and if gentlemen would turn to the.
messages of all preceding Presidents, he would find
similar recommendations. In addition to that, they
had the declaration of Mr. Van Buren, under his
hand and seal, at the same session, that he had never
seen the army bill till it was presented to Congress.
Nov, would the gentleman be so good as to tell him
where Mr. Van Buren recommended it.
Mr. NEWTON said he had always understood
that brevity was'the soul of wit; and it was the
brevity of Mr. Van Buren's recommendation which
constituted it strength.
Mr. PAYNE. Well, for the same reason, the
gentleman might refer to the messages of General
Jackson, Mr. Adams, Mr. Monroe, and even Gen-
eral Harrison, in all of which he would find recom-
mendations similar to Mr. Van Buren's. Why, it
was agreed on all hands, now, that it was as much a
humbug as the story of the gold spoons; and the
gentleman, when he brought it up, could only have
intended it for effect beyond this House. He recol-
lected to have heard of a celebrated painter who
drew a likeness that was so ridiculous that he ac-
tually died of laughter; and he wondered at the time
how the gentleman was able to keep his countenance
while he was expatiating in this exploded humbug.
Having noticed and repelled this importation of the
gentleman on Mr. Van Buren in regard to the army
bill, he would next reply to his assertion that it was
adopted by the Democratic party, They all recol-
lected that the bill did not pass the House, and it
because a majority could not be found to vote for it.
Now, as the democratic party had the majority at
that session, it followed that it was not their meas-
ure, or they would have passed it.
He now came to the measure before the House.
His friend from Virginia, [Mr. Chilton,] who had
just taken his seat, (for he was emphatically his
friend, he having drawn his first breath in the same
atmosphere with him, and continued in the most cor-
dial relations with him ever since, though he be-
longed to a different school of politics,) took the
ground that this was a confederated government.
He agreed with him cordially in that position. This
was a confederated government; and, being so, he
asked if the State sovereignty must not be represent-
ed in that House. When he spoke of state sove-
reignty, he meant the people of the States; for they
were the sovereign power.
It followed, then, that those who were on that
floor were the representatives of the people of the
states; and in this opinion he was borne out by eve-
ry clause of the constitution which referred to repre-
sentation. ^ The constitution invariably spoke of
representatives as being the representatives of the
peopie of the States. Mr. P. here cited the different
clauses of the constitution relating to this subject.
u ' neXt Procee!^e^ 10 answer the objections that
had been made to the general-ticket system, arguing
that it was the fairest for the small States, as well as
the large; and showing that, under it, it would be
impossible for the large States to oppress the small
ones, as had been urged on the other side, while the
representation in the Senate of all the States was
equal. He said that, before a majority of this
House, elected by general ticket, could oppress the
small States, they must get the consent not only of
the Senate, but of the executive. One of the great
advantages of that system was, that it destroyed
local legislation, and effected a representation in that
House of the principles held by the majority. As
an instance of the beneficial effects of the system, he
referred t<j the State of New Hampshire, which wft9
