always democratic; and which, when other States
had been won over to federalism, had stood true to
her principles, and as firm as her own granite hills.
Another advantage was, that it was the best pre-
servative of the sovereignty of the States. But the
evils of the district system were corresponding with
the advantages of the general-ticket system. There
was the .evil of local legislation as well as the de-
struction of that body in which alone the sovereign-
ty of the States could be preserved. It was impos-
sible to have two different systems of electing rep-
resentatives of the people to act harmoniously. The
4th section of the 1st article of the constitution pro-
vided that "the times, places, and manner of hold-
ing elections for senators and representatives shall
be prescribed in each State by the legislature there-
of; but the Congress may at any time, by law,
make or alter such regulations, except as to the
place of choosing senators." Thus, it was seen,
Congress had full power to change the times, places,
and manner of holding elections of representatives
to occupy seats on that floor; but he denied that
Congress had authority to change the manner of elect-
ing members of Congress. The manner of electing was
a constitutional right, and it was secured by the con-
stitution. It was placed as far beyond legislation
as any other power which the people possessed.
The constitution declared that the election should be
by States: "The House of Representatives shall be
composed of members chosen every second year
by the people of the several States;" and it was for
the people of the several States to fix and prescribe
the times, places, and manner. But he would ask,
if the act of the last Congress had been implicitly
obeyed, whether it would have been a change of the
times, places, and manner of holding the elections?
The people of Alabama had changed from the gen-
eral-ticket system to the district system, but their
elections were held by judges appointed as hitherto for
the purpose; and the officers were sworn precisely as
they were under the general-ticket system: there was,
in short, no change of the times, places, and manner
of holding the election. What, then, did this prove?
That Congress was exercising a power that did not
belong to it; for the law of Congress could be obeyed
without touching the times, places, and manner of
holding the elections. Again: Congress had declared
that the States shall elect their representatives from
districts composed of contiguous territory; and
this, it was said, was done on the ground that it was
necessary to produce uniformity. But did it effect
that object' Not at all. There was nothing in that
law to prevent one district being composed of 50,000
citizens, and another of 70,000 or 80,000. Such a
proposition was made in another branch of this gov-
ernment, at the time of the passage of this law, as
would have secured uniformity, but it was stricken
out; and, as the act now stood, if such was the in-
tention of any of its friends, it failed to accomplish
that purpose.
But he had always understood that, to make any
law effective, there must be a penalty attached to its
violation; and here again this law was defective.
Congress had attached no penalty to this law; but
now they were asked to reject the members
elected by general ticket, by an arbitrary ex-
ercise of power, and thus to supply defects
in their own legislation. There was no legitimate
power in this land by which they could do it; and
the exercise of arbitrary power, he hoped, was re-
served for the despotisms of the eastern world. If
they did reject the representatives of the four States
here claiming their seats, by virtue of an election by
the general-ticket system, what might not properly
be the action of the representatives of those States
at the other end of this Capitol? The senators from
those States, seeing their representatives turned out
by an exercise of tyranny, without law,, might
withdraw from the other branch of Congress, and
do home. Such would be the course he should
pursue, if he were placed in such a position; he
would cast from him the robes of office, and return
to the sovereign State that sent him there, and his
form should not darken the doors of Congress un-
til justice was done to the State from which he
came. He would tell the House that such a course
would bring about a crisis in the affairs of this na-
tion, such as had never been known before. If they
looked at British history, they would find that a
controversy of such a character once arose there.
Wilkes, in the arrogance of the British Parliament,
was deprived of his seat on the floor of the House
of Commons. He was re-elected, and was
- again expelled; and a controversy arose which
■shook the British nation to the centre. And if such
a case produced such a conflict there, how much
more excitement would be produced here, by the
rejection of the representatives of four sovereign
members of this confederacy, and the denial to them
of any participancy in the legislation of this coun-
try? There would certainly be some new cases of
nullification. It was said, a few days ago, that this
act was passed to keep this government within the
orbit assigned to it, and the States within the orbits
assigned to them. Now, he (Mr. P.) desired that
it should be so. It was said that the only point of
safety was the isthmus that stood between nullifica-
tion, on the one hand, and consolidation, on the
other. Let, then, this government beware that it
did not, by an exercise of arbitrary power, produce
the disunion which the gentlemen on the other side
professed to be so anxious to avoid; but, if they de-
prived sovereign States of this Union of their repre-
sentation, and those equal rights which were se-
cured to them by the constitution and the laws of
the federal government, the consequences of such a
destructive act would fall on this Congress; and, in-
stead of gaining the gratitude of posterity, by such
an act of outrage on sovereign States, they would
win for themselves an ignominious immortality, and
they would sink down into the grave the scorn and
mockery of those that would come after them.
Mr. HUNT next obtained the floor; and he re-
marked that he wished it to he understood that, in
giving the vote which he should feel it to be his
duty to give when the question should be taken, he
was actuated by no unkind personal feeling to the
gentlemen whose right to occupy seats on that floor
was under discussion. He next proceeded to jus-
tify himself for signing the protest which was pre-
sented to the House on the first day of the ses-
sion; and contended that that was not such a pre-
judging of the case as should disqualify him from
voting on its decision now, or of judging impar-
tially of its merits.
Several executive communications were presented
by the Speaker.
Mr. NORRIS then obtained the floor, and the
House adjourned.
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day, were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
By Mr. PICKLIN: Memorial of Allen Luckri-
der and 507 other citizens of Clarke county, Illinois,
asking a grant of land from contiguous land dis-
tricts, to complete the national thoroughfare between
the lakes and the Ohio river, by the improvement
of the navigation of the "Wabash. Also, the memo-
rial of David Baily and 76 other citizens of Edgar
county, Illinois, upon the same subject.
By Mr. THOMAS SMITH: Petition of sundry
citizens of Ripley county, Indiana, praying Con-
gress to establish a post route from Napoleon to
Bottstown, a distance of six miles in said county.
By Mr. BUFFINGTON: Petition of John Gil-
christ and fifty-four other citizens of Butler county,
Pennsylvania, praying for the construction of a na-
tional road from the Cumberland road, near the base
of Laurel Hill, by the arsenals of Pittburg and
Meadsville, to the harbor of Erie: referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals. Also, the petition
of James Miles, and sixty-eight other citizens of
Erie county, Pennsylvania, praying for an appro-
priation to improve the harbor of Erie: referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. ANDERSON: Petition of citizens of the
town of Rye, Westchester county, New York, ask-
ing Congress to grant a pension to Peter Wilson, a
revolutionary soldier: referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions.
By Mr. HAYS: Petition of citizens of Crawford
county, Pennsylvania, for a reduction of letter-post-
age, to allow newspapers by mail free to all parts
of the country in which newspapers are published;
and to alter and amend the rates of newspaper and
pamphlet postage, so as to make them more equal:
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads. Also, the petition of Dennis Doyle,
of Butler county, Pennsylvania, a soldier of the late
war, for a pension: referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. SAMPLE: Petition of John Anderson
and 71 other citizens of Fulton, Miami, and Wa-
bash counties, Indiana, praying the establishment of
a mail route from Rochester, in Fulton county, via
Troy, Gilead, Nicanza, Joseph Beckners, to Wa-
bash, in Wabash county. Also, the petition of A. E.
Rhodes, and thirty-two other citizens of the same
counties, for the same object.
By Mr. FISH: Petition of 199*"«itizens of New
York, for reduction of postage and mddification of
the franking privilege. : -
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 10,1844.
Mr. HOUSTON was understood to ask for pep-
mission to present a memorial from the State of Al-
abama, for the purpose of having it referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, which was acting on
the subject to which it referred.
. Leave was not granted.
THE FOUR STATES.
The SPEAKER stated the order of the day to be
the report of the Committee of Elections, on which
the gentleman from New Hampshire had the floor.
Mr. NORRIS rose, and, after a few introductory
remarks, said, notwithstanding the manner aiid feel-
ings which have characterized the debate on thia
subject, from the very first mom'ent of the session;
notwithstanding the high-toned charges which had
been preferred against the representatives of four
sovereign States on this floor, of Which New Hamp-
shire (which he had the honor in part to represent)
was one,—he prayed and hoped that the House
would be able to approach this subject as a great
constitutional and legal question, ana calmly and
dispassionately to meet it, on legal and constitution-
al grounds. It was said by a gentleman from New
York, yesterday, that the difficulty in this case arose
in a conflict of the powers of the general and State
governments; but he (Mr. N.) dissented from that
position. The legislatures of New Hampshire,
Georgia, Mississippi, and Missouri, had the
right to prescribe the regulations for their several
States. The contest was not between the State and
the general governments, but between the sovereign
people of the four several States and this Congress
of the United St^^ The people of those States
demanded their JjjHtutional rights of representa-
tion on this floor-JWwhich certain members on this
floor were opposed. There, then, was the contest;
and he wished to call gentlemen back to the true
question.
In presenting to the House the few simple propo-
sitions which he designed to offer, it might become
necessary for him to say much that had been already
said; but he deemed it necessary to make such rep-
etition, that the conclusions which he intended to
draw from the positions he should take might be
correctly understood. The first question which he
proposed to discuss, was this: what are the consti-
tutional rights,and privileges, and constitutional duties
of the people of the several States? And what are
the powers and duties of the State legislatures and
of Congress in regard to the subject of election? To
a right understanding of those points, and that they
might arrive at correct conclusions, it became neces-
sary to recur to the constitution, the second section
of the first article of which provides that "The
House of Representatives shall be composed of
members chosen every second year by the people of
the several States; and the electors in each State
shall have the qualifications requisite for electors of
the most numerous branch of the State legislature."
Then there were certain high constitutional priv-
ileges and rights vested in the people of the States;"
ana there were high constitutional duties, too, im-
posed on them. The people had the right and the
privilege of electing members to this House; and
not only so, but the constitution imposed upon them
the duty to do it; and without the exercise of this
privilege and duty the government here could not
exist. It had been said—and he believed it was first
said by the honorable gentleman from South Car-
olina, [Mr. J. Campbell,] in a speech which had
been often referred to on this floor—that the only
power given to the State legislatures to regulate the
mies, places, and manner of holding elections, was
granted by the fourth section of the constitution.
But was that so? There was the high constitutional
ground to which he had adverted—the high consti-
tutional rights and duties to elect representatives.
Did not the first section which he had quoted, give
all the power to regulate the times, places, and man-
ner of holding the elections, without any aid from
the fourth section? He was satisfied that every
lawyer on this floor would sustain him in his posi-
tion; but it might become necessary to inquire
then, why the fourth section was embraced in the
constitution. Why, the framers of the constitution
were cautious men. There was a sufficient implied
power in the States; but it was deemed necessaiy
