March 51844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
269
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Rhode Island Memorial—Mr. Potter.
H. of Reps.
ture,* and often publicly in other places, that he
had never believed that their people's constitution
(as they call it) ever had a majority of the people
in its favor. And m the famous opinion of the nine
lawyers, while defending the course they had pur-
sued, and asserting its legality, they do not dare to
risk their reputations upon asserting that they had
obtained a majority. The paper is evidently in-
tended to produce that impression, but does not say
so in any part of it.
Now, <ir, look at the provision for regulating the
voting upon the people's constitution, and -you will
see that every part of it (whether designedly or not)
affords the greatest facilities for fraud:
''This constitution shall he submitted to the peo-
ple, for their adoption or rejection, on Monday, the
27th day of December next, and on the two suc-
ceeding days; and all persons voting are requested
to deposite in the ballot-boxes printed or written
tickets in the following form: I am an American citi-
zen, of the age of twenty-one ycais, and have my
permanent residence or home in this State. I am
(or not) qualified to vote under the existing laws of
this State. I vote for (or against) the constitution
formed by the convention of the people, assembled
at Providence ,nnd which was proposed to the peo-
ple by said convention on the 18th day of Novem-
ber, ]841.
"Every voter is reqested to write his inuiie on the
face of his ticket; and every person, entitled to vote
as aforesaid^ who, from sickness or other causes, may
be unable to attend and vote in the town or ward
meetings assembled fur voting upon said constitu-
tion, 011 the days aforesaid, is requested to write his
name upon a ticket, and to obtain the signature_ up-
on the back of the same of a person who has given
in his vote, as n witness thereto. And the moderator
or clerk of any town or ward meeting convened for
he purpose afoiesaid shall receive such vote on
either of the three days next succeeding the three
days befoie named for voting on said constitution."
Now, sir, every unnaturalized foreigner in the
State—and there are great numbers of them in the
cities and about the factories—could conscienciously
sign this vote, because they all believe they are
American citizens, whether naturalized or not. The
form did not require any particular time of resi-
dence; a person who had been in the State but a day
might vote. And, to crown the whole, if they did
not get votes enough 011 the first three days, they
were to send 1 heir friends round to pick up and
bring in enough moie to make up the number; and
this was the course they resorted to. The first
three days they obtained about 9,000, and in the
last three days about 5,000 more. The convention
then met again, and declared their constitution
adopted.
And now, Mr. Speaker, let us look at a specimen
of the manner in which this majority was made up.
jLut us take the town of Newport.
Some citizens of that town obtained from the sec-
retary of the, people's convention a certified list of
the Newport votes, and proceeded to examine it;
and I have the result of that examination here—it
was published more than a year ago, and they have
never dared to deny it—a paper containing a long
list of names of unnaturalized foreigners, of soldiers
on the United States fort, of minors, of persons who
put in two votes, of persons who were absent at sea,
and even of persons svho had no existence at all.
Why, sir, this House will hardly believe that on the
list of voters in Newport is found the name of PETER
SCICJIRT. Such a person never was known there.
So utterly reckless were they, or so much of a farce
did they consider the whole business. And this,
perhaps, is coming pretty near the truth, that, ex-
cepting Mr. Dorr and a few of the leaders, the great
body of them did consider it as a sort of farce, and
never had any idea of going to the length they after-
wards did. j" In fact, we know, from their own dec-
*ln the House of Representatives of Rhode Island, April
2, 1842, Mr Atwell leiernngto the opinion of the nine law-
vers winch ho had'ngncd saxd that « that paper did not say
that the people's constitution. was the paramount law of the
land, neither liod he ever said so, or intended to say so.
FIc had never ppokon or m ntteu anvtbmg -which said, im-
plied, or included the osscrtion, that the people's constitu-
tion was the paramount law of the land, Ihat opinion
would depend on the fact, w hether a majority of the people
of this State had voted for thst constitution Of this lie had
never been satisfied. Many things had led him to doubt it,
and especially the vote upon the last constitution. That re-
sult had made it a great matter of doubt whether a majority
o'f the people of the State w ere in favor of thai constitution,
and of course whether it had ever been adopted."
ffThis is further proved by the fact that, although they
Ckjmedtv ha>e obtained nearly 14,000 votes for the peg-
arations, that many of them voted merely as an ex-
pression of opinion in favor of suffrage, and in order
o influence the legislature; and this is proved by the
fact that, when Mr. Dorr aftewards resorted to mili-
tary force, these were the very men who volunteered
to turn out and oppose, force to force, in defence of
the legal authorities.
Now, recollect that all this was in only one town.
The others we could never obtain. For, although
the convention of the sovereign people of the whole
State had ordered their secretary to give copies, yet,
as soon as they found that an investigation was se-
riously going on, the sovereigns in Providence got
together and countermanded the order.
They pretend that they have always courted in-
vestigation. They pretend that they invited the
legislature to investigate their votes. This is not
true; although I have once before mistakenly stated
so myself.% A member of the legislature did indeed
move to appoint a committee to investigate, but they
very well knew, beforehand, that they would not do
it, and that they could not do it without giving up
the principle involved. They pretend they have
offered to have them investigated by the supreme
court. So they did, indeed, ani made a great parade
of it, after they knew that the couit had decided that
all their proceedings were illegal, and that of course
they would not examine them. But, as soon as
some citizens seriously set about inquiring into
these frauds, they immediately shut up their records
and have kept them 111 secrecy ever since.
For further evidence of the great frauds perpe-
trated in this pretended vote, we have only to ex-
amine the vote given only three months afterwards,
on the landholders' or legal constitution, in March,
1842. The people's party made every exertion to
defeat this; thinking that, if they defeated it, they
could, with the more ease, carry their own into
effect. They appealed to all sorts of prejudices,
and used all sorts of misrepresentations. In the
north part of the State they represented that the
legal constitution favored the south; and in the in-
terior of the State they procured many votes against
it by representing that it deprived them of their old
privileges of fishing 011 the shore. And there were
a great many friends of the old charter who
were opposed to all reform, and who voted against
the legal constitution as a matter of course. But the
basest thing which they did to obtain votes against
it, was to circulate a handbill, with a forged opin-
ion of the Attorney General of the United States,
representing the proposed constitution as com-
ing in conflict with the United States constitution,
and therefore that it would be of no force, even if
adopted. Some of the wiser ones succeeded in part-
ly suppressing this handbill; but I have a copy of it
here. The contest was a most exciting one—no ex-
ertion spared; and yet, although the people's party
had boasted of their 14,000 votes when they had it
all their own way, yet now, when they came to
vote in legal meetings, and subject to legal scru-
tiny, and with all the friends of the old charter to
aid them, they could only muster 8,689 votes; and
this, too, with an almost unlimited suffrage—only
two years' residence being required, without any
property or tax qualification whatever,!
Sir, the Dorritcs have gained a gieat deal of sym-
pathy abroad by representing themselves as the ex-
clusive advocates of the democratic doctrine of ex-
tended suffrage, and that we were opposing it. It
must require some impudence to assert this. That
question was given up in the very beginning. This
very landholders' constitution, proposed by the legal
convention, and voted on in March, 1842, required
no property or tax qualification, nor even military
service, in order to vote, but only two years' resi-
dence; and these aristocratic Algerines strained every
nerve to get it adopted. "We wished not to restrict
suffrage, but to have the extension made legally.
Many of Mr. Dorr's party wished to adopt this
constitution; but Mr. Dorr, who always ruled his
party with a rod of iron, would not have anything,
even free suffrage, unless he could have it his own
way.
As the Dorrites succeeded in defeating this consti-
ple*' constitution, yet, when shortly after, they put up Mr
Dorr for governor/under it, they could only get about 6,400
votes, although they let everybody tote, swid used groat ex-
ertions to get them in.
'In "Considerations on the Rhode Island question
fThe votes were—
For the lt^dl con&titution
Against it :
^033
8.CS&
Majority agamst it
s7ti
tution by a small majority, the legislature afterwards
called another convention; and here again the. suf-
frage, in voting for the delegates, was almost
as free as air. The Dorrites this time being sure of
defeat, resolved to take no part in it. The constitu-
tion proposed by this convention was adopted by the
people in November, 1842, and is now in force.
Never, sir, in the whole history of man, was
there a more striking instance of the force of names;
and that sometimes "names are things." They
talked about our royal charter; they abused us as a
landed aristocracy; and they, in their caucuses, as-
sumed to be the people, and gave their caucus the
high-sounding name of the people's convention, and
culled their constitution the people's constitution.
There is a story told of one of the old puritan colo-
nies, that when the first settlers could not obtain the
Indian land by bargaining, they held a solemn meet-
ing, and passed a set of resolutions quite in the mod-
ern style. They resolved, first, the earth is the
Lord's, and the fullness thereof; second, the Lord
has given it to the saints; and, lastly, resolved that
we are the saints. And then they took possession.
Now, sir, I do not suppose that this ever really hap-
pened, but it will do very well for illustration. These
Dorrites met together, and resolved, in all then-
meetings, that the people are sovereign, as if anybo-
dy had ever denied it. Their next conclusion was,
that we are the people. And the third step was in-
tended to have carried their leaders into office, if
they had not run away.
And, sir, these "landed aristocrats," upon whom
so much abuse lias been showered, are almost all of
them industrious, and a great part of them hard-la-
boring men. We have very few men among us
whoso wealth would suppoit them in idleness.
But, sir, although this movement began as a farce,
and was carried on and perfected in fraud,
it came very near ending in tragedy. The false-
hoods they circulated produced sympathy abroad.
Sir, I do not blame the people abroad, who honest-
ly believed the story of these oppressions, for sym-
pathizing with them; but I do censure those at home,
who originated the falsehoods, and the newspapers
and politicians who knowingly circulated them
abroad. This sympathy, reacting upon and strength-
ening the movement at home, produced the rebel-
lion, which I will not attempt to describe.
Sir, I have "already mentioned that a great num-
ber of those wlio voted for the people's constitution,
did it as an expression to influence the opinion of
the legislature, and never dreamed of its becoming
the law of the land. And the proof it is that those
men were among the first to volunteer to put down
this wicked rebellion.
And now, Mr. Speaker, I come to consider a few
of the excuses which the Dorrites have made for
the course they have taken.
And first comes the pretence that they had peti-
tioned a great while and that the legislature had neg-
lected their petitions.
For several years petitions had been occasionally
sent in to the legislature, but signed but by few
persons. The only petition of any consequence
ever in for an extension was signed by about 680,
and presented in January, 1841. And who do the
House think was the leader of this? A man.who
had been in the Massachusetts State prison eigh-
teen years!! With such a man for leader, I never
thought it necessary to inquire who the rest were.
Sir, our neighboring States of Massachusetts and
Connecticut have always exhibited a very affection-
ate regard for our welfare. They always (Massa-
chusetts especially) used to consider Rhode Island
heathen and missionary ground; and the Connec-
ticut folks, whenever they caught any of us over the
line on a Sunday, used to show their zeal for our
conversion by making us go to meeting all day.
But, of late years, both States, not having any reli-
gion to spare, have begun to meddle in our politic?.
And a great part Of our late troubles have been
caused by interlopers from those States. One of the
most active men among the Dorrites, and one of
their chief lecturers, was a man who had been found
gmtly of forgery in Massachusetts, and only es-
caped sentence by a flaw in the indictment.16
And, sir, the Providence suffrage association was
not formed until March, 1840, and they never pre-
sented any petition to the legislature, from first to
last !f So much for this pretence.
"See Pickering's lieports, vol. 5, page 279.
fSee Frie7e's History of the free-sufl'rage moyemer^
pages 61} and Si,
