CONOR
^ ._.-   
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RITES, AT ONE DOLLARVpM sSltSgFIll,
r771wTt
i&-<4v*'£ &i3U«
. 28th .Cong ....1st Sess.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1844.
., Vplume' 13....N6
WV-' ,'
[Continued from No. 16.]
He took leave to differ with the gentleman upon this
point. The constitution declared that Congress
Should have power to coin money and to regulate
the value thereof, and to fix the standard of weights
and measures. But Congress, he believed, had not
interfered with the subject until 1806, when a reso-
lution was adopted establishing a complete set of
weights and measures; and they were forwarded
to each State, in order that the standard might be
uniform. In that case, Congress exercised its full
•powers; and it needed no State legislation to carry
out the intention of Congress. But he would pass
to another learned decision of the gentleman, that
another mandatory act of Congress was that in re-
gard to choosing the electors of President and Vice
President. Would the gentleman have delivered
this doctrine sitting in his judicial capacity upon the
bench? The State legislatures of some of the States
had the power of choosing those electors. The peo-
ple could do without any regulation to be prescribed
on the part of the Congress.
One word in reference to what had been said by
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Hunt.] That
gentleman seemed to think that it was disrespectful
towards the States of this TJnion, because these four
States had refused to comply with the act of Con-
gress. If he were permitted to use an argument ad
hominem, he would ask the gentleman what the great
State of New York had done in regard to this mat-
ter? Did the States of New Hampshire, Georgia,
Missouri, and Mississippi, stand alone in this mat-
ter? No, no. The legislature of the Empire State
had solemnly declared this act of Congress to be a
usurpation—a violation of the spirit and intention of
the constitution: nay, they went further than this;
they sent their resolution to the members upon this
floor, (and he knew not but the gentleman had it in
his pocket,) instructing her senators, and requesting
her representatives, to vote for the repeal of that
law; and yet the gentleman talked about a want of
respect on the part of those who omitted to comply
with it. If the four States in question had paid no
respect to some of the gtates, they had, at least,
paid due respect to the great State of New York.
It did not come very well from the gentleman from
New York to taunt the four States with a want of
respect.
There was another thing which had ben much
talked about. They had been told not to make this
a party question. Heaven knew he did not wish to
make it a party question. If it had been made a par-
ty question, who was answerable for making it such?
Who came into that House, on the first day of the
session, and declared that certain persons on that
floor, who had been sent from four sovereign States
to that House, hadbeenguilty of a proceeding revolu-
tionary in its character, overthrowing law and order,
and having a tendency to the destruction of a free
form of government? These very gentlemen come
forward and say, pray do not make this a party
question; while their main arguments have been
* based upon party principles. But the gentleman
from Kentucky made a remark the other day which
touched him more nearly than any other. The gen-
tleman questioned the patriotism of the four States.
He thanked God the character of the people of New
Hampshire was established long before this ques-
tion arose. He would point the gentleman to revo-
lutionary times, and to the conduct of the people of
that State during the last war. Their patriotism
was too well recognised to be detracted from by the
gentleman's insinuated doubts. He would tell the
gentleman there was not a more pure and enlighten-
ed people on the face of the earth; and he believed the
same might be said of the people of the four States.
Mr. CHAPPELL observed that nothing short of
his sense of the obligations growing out of his posi-
tion on that floor, and his being one whose right to
his seat there was called in question, would have
called him up on that debate; for in addition to that
weariness of mind arising from continual waiting
for an opportunity to obtain the floor, his physical
ability scarcely left him strength to perform in a
proper manner the task he had undertaken. It was
no light matter for one even so humble as himself,
but who had nevertheless been chosen by the whole
body of freemen of his State to represent thero in
this august assembly of the nation,—it was, he re-
peated, no light matter for one circumstanced as he
was to forego his speech and argument, as well as
his vote and action, for the maintenance of those
rights which his constituents, in their free choice,
had placed him here to defend. Did he regard the
question before the House as one which merely
concerned him personally, high as he deemed the
honor of a seat m that House, he should consider it
scarcely worth the length of the contention which
the question called forth. But viewing it in its true
character; viewing it as a question of a division of
the powers made by the federal constitution between
this government and those of the States; viewing it
as a question touching the rights of the people, not
only of four of the States, but of all the States of
this Union, so far as the' abstract right of representa-
tion was concerned, the question rose to an impor-
tance that demanded the most grave and serious
consideration. It involved the successful workings
of the system under which we live; it involved the
question, whether the federal government shall, at
every session of Congress, at its own caprice, under
the impress of the numerous and various motives
which may influence political and legislative action,
have the right to strip the people of one or
more of the States of this Union of their representa-
tion on this floor. _ Sir, (said Mr. C.) the direct
effect of the legislative action of the last Congress
upon this questio#! if it should be sustained by the
judicial action of the House, would be to deprive
the people of four States of their representation,
and, under existing laws, to deprive them even of the
right of being represented here.
What were the great principles of interpretation
which reason, which common sense, which all law,
human and divine, required us to apply to the inves-
tigation and decision of questions of this nature?
Are we (he asked) at liberty to be astute? Are we
at liberty to strain our ingenuity? Are we at liberty
to torture our wit for the purpose of finding a pos-
sible or plausible construction of the constitution of
the United States, which shall work such an effect as
may enlarge the powers of the federal government at .
the expense of the States? Before these tribunals,
whose sole business it was to construe laws and
constitutions, and enforce them in particular cases
as they may arise for adjudication, no principle
was better settled; n'o principle was more sacredly
respected and observed, than that in favor of life,
liberty, and all the great rights which the constitu-
tion and laws have secured to the people—that there
shall be, on all questions when that life and that lib-
erty, or those rights are assailed, a favorable con-
struction in their behalf. If there be a law or con-
stitution so framed as that, by a certain construction
of it, life, liberty, or property, or any great interest
of the people, is put at hazard, what is the principle
of construction which all judical tribunals are bound
to apply? It is a principle which cannot be contro-
verted; it is a principle which must give such a con-
struction as may save the right, and avoid the for-
feiture, as may secure the liberty of the citizen, and
avoid the loss of it. Would any gentleman, whether
of the majority or minority of the House, for one
moment, treat that principle as debatable? Would
they ask him to go into books of legal lore, and re-
sort to the actual decisions of judicial tribunals to
establish a proposition already so well settled? He
was sure they would ask no such thing; and that
the bare statement of that principle would be suffi-
cient to commend it to the conviction of all sides of
the House. Might he not, then, consider as en-
titled to some rebuke, the titter practical disregard
of that great principle of construction which had
been exhibited in the debate from one side of the
House? He would appeal to gentlemen themselves
who had occupied the ear of the House in op-
position to the rights of the people of four
States and who ask them whether upon an
examination of their own principles of construc-
tion, they had not strained hard against the
right of representation—against the validity of the
elections which had taken place in four States; and
whether they had not strained hard for a construc-
tion which went to disfranchise those States, and
send back the representatives they had sent here.
He would appeal to gentlemen themselves if the
views they expressed were riot the corisequeKce of
such a construction as b£ Kitd described. , BuWie
was not left in doubt on this Vubjefet. He was
struck—the House "itself
avowal of that principle by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia who last addressed the House ye^er^ay;. Jlrid
though his mind had beer) watching the
regard of the principle he had referred td-,d|r'Jl|pi
question, yet he was not prepared to Hear if- avowed
in terms. He called the attention of the. House to
the^ fact that the gentleman from Virgmia did- quote
a distinguished law-writer in support of the propo-
sition that the courts should strain hard in drier, to
find a construction which would save the statute
from being declared null and inoperative.
Yes, sir, (continued Mr. C.) the gentleman quoted
authority to prove that the courts should strain hard
in order to reach a construction which would give
effect and operation to the statute, and save.it frono
becoming null and of no effect; and the gentleman
did apply that principle to this question; and, by ap-
plying it, he was enabled to reach a conclusion
which would give effect to the second section of the
apportionment act, though that effect would pro-
nounce sentence on the rights of the people, of Jour
of the States of this Union, turn away their repre-
sentatives from that hall, and deny them an equal
participation with their brethren and their constitu^
tional coworkers within it. Now, it was not tile
correctness of the abstract rule of construction
quoted by the gentleman from Virginia aa a princi-
ple of English common law, to which he- objected.
In the English common law, there was nothing
higher known to any court or tribunal' than.a
statute—than a mere act of Parliament. . Under the
English common law, no question could everarfseas
to the invalidity of an act of Parliament, growings
out of want of authority in Parliament to pass it.
There was a question which might arise before
any tribunal whatever—whether a law might not be
void for want of sufficient precision existing within
it, or in other statutes on which it depended. Hence
questions arose in the English courts whether -the
law contains sufficient machinery to render it- capa-
ble of execution, and in such cases the court.of
England will give their aid to carry it into execu-
tion, by adopting such a construction as will be suf-
ficient for that purpose. He was ready to concede
to the gentleman from Virginia that a courts may
properly and legitimately exercise its astuteness; it
may strain hard as one means by which it may
avoid declaring an act of Parliament null and void;
for an act of Parliament is to be judged only by its
own capability of execution, and not to be judged by
its agreeing with any higher law. What, therefore,
he objected to was, that this principle, which was
sound in English law as applied to acts of Parlia-
ment, should be applied by the gentleman to the
question before the House, where there was the
broadest distinction between it and such cases as
might arise in the English courts. Did not gentle-
men bear in mind, that whilst they are straining
hard—in the language of the English law authority,
quoted by the gentleman from Virginia—to give ef-
fect to the statute in question, they were strairung
equally hard to give a construction to the constitu-
tion of the United States which would enlarge the
powers of this government, and control, those of
the States' Was there any better settled proposi-
tion in regard to the construction of the constitution,
than that you shall riot strain hard; that you shall
not be astute; that you shall not, by far-fetched re-
finements, so construe it as to enlarge the powers
of the government, at the expense of the rights
of the States? Was there any party in this
country that would not pronounce their as-
sent to that doctrine. lie knew not what to
add, after stating the simple proposition to the
House, that could give it more force. It was enough,
to repeat it, to gain for it the most ample attention of
the House. He was not here for the purpose of
asking the attention of the House to old and long-
settleS constitutional questions, and established
principles; but for the purpose of reviving them in
the memory of those by whom they seemed to have
been forgotten on the present occasion. That one
principle of construction seemed to him to be suffi-
cient for the question, and to override completely
