March, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOftE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Rhode Island Memorial—Mr. Potter.
6ft
courts are open to them for redress. During the
insurrection, the houses of some of the insurgents
were entered to secure their arms. If any more
violence was used than the necessity of th£ case
would warrant, the law was open to them for re-
dress. But, having themselves begun threatening
and military preparations, long before the other par-
ty did, the less they say about this the better.*
They have called the law for punishing treason,
an Jllgerine law; they have denominated us the
Jllgerine party; and they have talked a great deal
about Algerine cruelties! What are these Algerine
cruelties? Why, sir, almost all the prosecutions
commenced against any of them, have been dropped
without any trial as fast as the state of excitement
produced in the public mind would admit. Mr.
Dorr himself courted prosecution for the sake of
political notoriety. And even the very few military
fines to which some were liable, were all released by
the legislature at once. So much for Algerinener-
secutions. But this is a part of their policy. Ever
since they were defeated, their plan has been to ridi-
cule and to misrepresent.
Sir, we do not wish to avoid an investigation on
this memorial, for fear of any thing that these
Dorrites can do at home. Having split among them-
selves, they are powerless. They cannot even run
a ticket for State officers. But we do think it is
time that a subject which has agitated the commu-
nity as much as this, should be put at rest, that we
may once more have peace within our borders.
APPENDIX No. 1.
Statistics oj Population and Elections.
Whole population of the State - - 108,837
Free white males over 21 years
old - - - 25,674
Deduct estimated number of
unnaturalized foreigners, pau-
pers, &c., - - 3,000 — 22,674
Colored males, over 24 years old 668
Estimated number of freemen
under old system - 11,500
Elections.
1. Vote for electors ofPresident, Nov. 1840.
For Harrison - 5,245
" Van Buren - 3,2G3
Whole number (freemen only voting) - 8,622
As one side was sure of success, the other made
very little exertion.
2. Number of votes claimed for people's
constitution, December, 1842
Of which, said to be freemen
See the remarks before made.
3. Vote for the landholders1, or legal con-
stitution, March, 1842.
For it
Against (by the people's party and the old
charter party) -
13,944
4,960
8,013
8,689
676
16,702
Majority against
Whole number -
In this vote the suffrage was extended to all na-
tive citizens, without property or tax qualification;
and it is somewhat surprising that, notwithstanding
a great exertion by both parties, the whole number
of votes on both sides is not much greater than that
claimed for the people's constitution; and the peo-
ple's party joining with those who wished to retain
the old charter, and were against all constitutions,
could only muster 8,689 votes. Where were the
rest of the 13,944 they claimed? And they claimed
to have obtained 4,960 freemen or qualified voters.
But all the old freemen they could get to vote against
the legal constitution, were 2,684. Where were the
rest of them?
This vote is, in some degree, a test, as the people's
party supposed, that if they could defeat the legal
constitution, they should be sure of carrying their
own into effect.
4. Votes for Thovna.*; W. Dorr for Governor,
under people's constitution, April, 1842. No opposi-
tion, but considerable exertion to get a full vote 6,417
Where were the rest of the 13,944? Most of the
Dorrites had, by this time, got to be so zealous that
nothing but death would have kept them from the
meeting.
5. Votes to adopt the constitution now in
force, in November, 1842 - - 7,024
The Dorr party being sure of defeat, made no op-
position, but kept away from the polls.
'Frieze's History, page 62, 67, 68.
H. of Reps.
6. Vote for Governor, April, 1843.
James Fenner (law and order) - - 9 107
Thomas F. Carpenter (Dorr and democracy) 7^392
new constitution,
This was under the
tended suffrage.
7. Vote for members of Congress, August,
1843. 6 '
Majority for law and order party about
16,499
with ex-
2,700
APPENDIX NO. 2.
Extracts front u CoTisiderations on the Rhode Island
question.
"We come now to consider the reasons put forth
to justify the recent attempt at revolution; and these
resolve themselves into questions of principle and
questions of fact—whether the majority of the peo-
ple have the right assumed, and whether a majority
was ever actually obtained.
The first question is, whether a majority of the
whole people, without reference to any existing
laws regulating the right of voting, have a right to
change the government at any time, and iii any
manner they choose: for this is the position taken.
In whatever may be said upon this subject, we
do not wish to be understood as denying what may
be called the right of revolution, or the right of any
portion of the people who are oppressed to redress
their grievances by force, after having tried all
peaceable means without effect. But this is a right
which belongs not to majorities only, but to any
number of citizens, however small, who are op-
pressed, where the oppression is sufficient to justify
it, and there is no mode of redressing it but by a
revolution. For engaging in such a cause every
man has to account with his own conscience and his
God. If the change now attempted had been called
a revolution, it would have been rightly named, and
then no one would have been deceived by it. But
the ground taken is, that the majority can legally
and constitutionally change the government at any
time, and in any manner; or, in other words, that
their supremacy in all things is a fundamental prin-
ciple of republican law. It has been sometimes call
ed, strangely enough, the dectrine of peaceable rev-
olution. By believing it to be rightful and legal,
and that it would be peaceable, hundreds have been
misled who would never have countenanced it if
called by its right name.
It is very plain that, if they can disregard the
laws established by society in one instance, they
can in any other. If they have a right to depart
from the law which regulates the qualification of vo-
ters, they have an equal right to depart from the
laws which regulate boundary lines. They are all
alike results of the institution of society; and with-
out society they would have no existence. The
boundary line between Connecticut and Rhode
Island is merely an artificial line, established by a
treaty or law. What, upon the doctrine in ques-
tion, is to prevent a portion of the people of Con-
necticut from joining with a portion of the people
of Rhode Island, and forming a new State? If you
answer that this boundary line was a compact be-
tween two societies, established by our ancestors,
and, therefore, binding on us, you grant all I ask.
But what is to prevent the majority of the people of
Washington county setting up for themselves?
Why should not the people of Long Island separate
from New York? The majority of the people of
the northern part of Illinois would perhaps like to
join Wisconsin, and thus get out of debt. What is
there to prevent continual changes of this sort, up-
on the doctrine in question? You will answer, The
constitution of the United States would prevent the
erection of new Stales, or alteration of old ones,
without consent of Congress. But if the majority
of the people of Rhode Island have a right to change
their own government in this manner, they have an
equal right to throw off the government of the
Union; for they both stand upon the same founda-
tion—a compact made by our forefathers. And
again: upon the new doctrines, the constitution of
the United States was never legally adopted, and is
not binding; for a majority of the whole people nev-
er assented to it; and in almost all the States, at the
time of its adoption, there were great restrictions
upon suffrage. Further: what is to prevent a ma-
jority of the whole people of the Union, without
regard to the lines of States, from changing the
constitution of the Union, and making us one con-
solidated nation? If the majority, without reference
to laws, have this right in Rhode Island, the major-
ity of the United States have it also, and so on; for
boundary lines are but laws, the artificial institu-
tions or results of society. These, it may be .said,
are all idle fears; but they are submitted as the'le-
gitimate consequences of the reasoning of the revo-
lutionists, if carried to their full length in practice.
The more we consider these things, the more rea-
son we shall see in the old-fashioned doctrine that
a change of government can only take place in one
of two ways—legally, with the consent of the ex-
isting government; or by a revolution, brought about
by force, or the fear of force. They may actually
prevail in conflict; or'they may exhibit such strength
as to awe the minority into submission, without
conflict. In either case, it would be a revolution
and not a legal change. The doctrine of peaceable'
legal revolution, was a discovery reserved for this
enlightened age and people.
We are either an organized society, or we are not.
If we are not, then we should be-in a state of na-
ture, and a majority could have no right to bind us;
for in that state no one man would have a right to
govern another. If we are members of an organ-
ized political socicty, then we are as much bound by
one of its laws as another, until they are legally
changed, or until the oppression is so great that the
duty of self-preservation compels them to appeal
from the laws of society to the laws of humanity.
To hold the contrary, is to give to a majority the
power to turn might into right, and to confound
moral distinctions.
If we are not an organized society, if the State
does not constitute a quasi corporation, how can we
bind ourselves by a treaty' how can we incur a debt
for posterity to pay? It has, heretofore, been thought
reasonable, that as a new generation takes posses-
sion of a country, with all the advantanges derived
from the labors and accumulations of their ancestors,
they should also take upon themselves their bur-
dens. But if a bare majority have a right to alter
the government in any manner they please, and
without reference to the qualifications required by
the laws—if laws or compacts of government made
by our forefathers are of no binding force—then, for
the same reason, one generation could-never bind
another m any respect, and treaties would be ties of
straw, and debts go unpaid; old-fashioned notions
of honesty would have to be laid aside. The con-
nection between these doctrines is nearer than would
be at first supposed.
If, then, a majority can ride over or depart from
the law in one instance, without resorting to the re-
quired forms of law for its repeal,' there is the same
reason for their right to do it in all. They may
equally disregard boundary lines, laws making com-
pacts or treaties, and laws for contacting debts.
They may do all this by force, I admit, and then
the justification will depend upon the nature of the
case. What I object to is, its being called legal
or right, merely because it is the will of the majority.
* * is # # St '
Now we either have a society or social compact"
already instituted—we have a lawful government, or
we have not; and are ]m this (so called) state of na-
ture without any government. If we are not mem-
bers of an organized society, then, from what has
been said before, a majority has no right to govern
at all—no other right but the revolutionary right of
force. If we are members of an organized society,
then a majority has no right but such as the exist-
ing constitution and laws give them. If, by the
original, or existing constitution, the whole people
have agreed that that constitution shall be altered
by a majority, then a majority may alter it; but is be-
cause the whole people have given them that power,
and for that reason alone. If they have not given them
that power, as in Rhode Island, then the right remains
in the whole people. Governments were instituted for
the"protection of the whole people, for majorities
can generally protect themselves. How the conscnt
of the whole people is to be exprescd, we shall con-
sider presently. A change of government made in
any other manner, may be a revolution, but cannot
be called legal.
******
But it will be said, even allowing that a majority
of all the men over twenty-one years of age, quali-
fied and unqualified, had no power to change tile
government in this manner, the people's constitution
received the votes of a majority of the freemen or
qualified voters under the existing laws. The fact
we will afterwards inquire into, and will now con-
sider the present form of the assertion, that a major-
ity of the qualified voters have a right to change the
government at any time, and m any manner they'
