(JbNGB^sj® fijafc
M9
pose;" and this was a wise and correct view of the
object and purpose of the grant.
Had any thing occurred to render the exercise of
the power thus granted either necessary or expe-
dient' We have, indeed, been told by the honora-
ble gentleman from Indiana that no law had ever
been passed which was wiser in its aims than the
apportionment law of the twenty-seventh Congress.
Btft no mischiefs of the then existing State laws
have been pointed out. None have pretended to as-
sert that the existence of the government was endan-
gered by the neglect or refusal of any of the States
to pass the necessary laws to secure a full repre-
sentation in Congress; nor by the unequal and un-
just operation of the laws which the States respec-
tively have provided. No, sir. The States were
satisfied, and the people were satisfied with the ex-
ercise of powers which had been confirmed as wise
and safe by the experience of more than half a
century.
But it is said that the district system which the
second section of the apportionment bill attempts to
force upon the people, is eminently democratic, and
in most perfect consonance with the doctrines de-
nominated State-rights doctrines. I am one of those
who hold the district system in the highest regard;
and I would rejoice that the people of this country
would adopt it in referance to every crisis and every
contingency where they are or may be called upon
to act by delegates or representatives. It has the
pre-emment advantage overall other systems in this—
that it secures to the people the privilege and the
power of electing in fact, as well as in theory,
their own servants or representatives; it breaks up
the consolidating strength of the large States; and
it secures to the people if just and equal representa-
tion by those who are surely the exponents of the
people's will.
The district system had become, and was grow-
ing to be, more and more popular. A great majori-
ty, including all the larger of the States in the con-
federacy, had adopted it in their State legislation;
and then, uncalled for and unexpected, came the man-
damus act of the 27th Congress, which would compel
the other States voluntary to act in accordance with
congressional behests. In my judgment, sir, the
exercise of the power conferred upon Coagress by
the 4th section of the 1st article, would have been
the exercise of a mere power, unwise, inexpedient,
and in derogation of the dignity and the rights of
the States and of the people.
But it has been said that the apportionment bill
received the sanction of both branches of Congress,
and of the executive, and that hence all its provi-
sions must be constitutional and wise and just.
But the honorable gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Newton,] however much he was in favor of the
apportionment act, seemed almost inclined to cen-
sure the President of the United States for having
given it his sanction; or rather, I apprehend that he
was inclined to censure him because he denounced,
as we do, the 2d section of the bill. The honorable
gentleman, however, retreated behind his own dig-
nity, and assured us that he "would not war upon
the dead.'''' War upon the dead! Why, did the
honorable gentleman mean to say that the President
had fallen in political death? When, I ask, when
did the President meet this fate? Was it when his
name found a place on the ticket of the "universal
whig party" in 1840. No, sir; for long after that
event the honorable gentleman an his com -patriots
were found rejoicing in "Tipecanoe and Tyler too.
Was it when he refused his name to a bill creating
a mammouth national bank—one of the most dange-
rous and demoralizing engines of corruption, op-
pression, and tyranny, of which the mind can con-
ceive—and returned that bill, with his objections, to
the House in which it originated? Oh, no. The
President was then mighty for good. With a firm
and manly stride, he was then walking in the foot-
steps of a truly illustrious predecessor; and like him
he won the golden opinions of all honest men. Was
it when he refused his assent to a second bill—a bill
conceived in fraud, and born in corruption—granting
to British and American capitalists a monopoly of
all the financial, commercial, and industrial affairs
of this great and mighty people? Surely not; for
this act more strongly cemented and strengthened
the ties which bound the President to the people..
But when, sir, did he thus die? Was it when he
refused his sanction to a bill which authorized this
government to rob and plunder with one hand, and
with the other to purchase up the freedom of the
people? Was it when he vetoed the little tariff, or
the black tariff, with the odious distribution clause
annexed, that he met his fate? No! not then. At
these events the spirit of justice and magnanimity in
the land, greeted the President as the vindicator and
saviour of the honor and fortunes of the State.
When was it, then? Was it when, at the opening
of the present session of Congress, he presented his
country before us, at peace with all the world, and
at home prospered in all its various great pursuits
and occupations; and his own administration was
only burdened by the debts and deficiencies pro-
duced by improvident and reckless party legeisla-
tion? No ! The President has lived to do all this—
he still lives; and although I stand not here either
the apologist or eulogist of the present administra-
tion, and approve not of all its acts, I may still be
permitted to predict that the name of John Tyler
will be cherished by posterity, as the name of one
renowned for his virtues—as the name of an en-
lightened statesman, and a devoted patriot; while
the names of those who, from the fountains of their
jealousy and malice, have poured out upon him the
lurid streams of vituperation and abuse, will have
passed into oblivion to be remembered no more
forever.
But what is the precise power claimed to be vested
in Congress by the constitution. By the fourth sec-
tion of the first article of the constitution, it is pro-
vided that "the times, places, and manner of hold-
ing elections for senators and representatives shall
be prescribed in each State by the legislature thereof;
but the Congress may at any time, by law, make or alter
such regulations, except as to the places of choosing sen-
ators."
In this clause of the constitution is conferred all
the power which Congress has over this branch of
the subject. The legislatures of the four States had
exercised all the powers, and performed all the du-
ties enjoined upon them in this section of the con-
stitution; and no further action, of any kind or de-
gree, was required of them by that instrument.
And how has Congress attempted to exercise the
power with which itself was clothed by the section
which I have read. The first section of the appor-
tionment act of 1842 makes the apportionment of
the representatives among the several States accord-
ing to their respective numbers, as ascertained by
the sixth census.
The second section is in the words following:
"And be it further enacted, That, in each case where
a State is entitled to more than one representative,
the number to which each State shall be entitled,
under this apportionment, shall be elected by dis-
tricts composed of contiguous territory, equal in
number to the number of representatives to which
said State shall be entitled, no one district electing
more than one representative."
But the four States were already provided with
laws for the election of their representatives by gen-
eral ticket; and how, let me ask, how does this sec-
tion of the act of Congress supply any regulations
for the election of representatives by districts. It
does not attempt to make or supply any such regu-
lations. It merely declares that the elections of
representatives shall be by districts, each district
electing one representative, and no more; and there
its attempted exercise of power ceases. Now, it
must be apparent to the mind of every member up-
on this floor, that this second section of the law
must remain perfectly powerless and nugatory
without the aid of the State legislature; or else the
people must be deprived of their representations in
this House, if their State legislatures refuse to sub-
mit to the unauthorized dictation of Congress.
I deny, sir, that it is in the power of Congress, by
any art, to deprive the people of their right of repre-
sentation here. It is a right which they enjoy un-
der the constitution, and not under Congress; and
it is not ill the power of Congress to abridge or de-
stroy it. The legislatures of these States, acting
under, and with fidelity to, the constitution, have
fully prescribed the times, places, and manner in
which this elective fianchise may be exercised by
the people; and if Congress would exercise the pow-
ers over this subject which it possesses under the
constitution, in such a manner as to be valid, opera-
tive and binding upon the States, it must fully pre-
scribe the time, or place, or manner, or some or all
of those, in which the^elective franchise may be ex-
ercised by the people, so that the people may enjoy
this right in as free and ample a degree as under their
own State legislation. So far as Congress attempts
the exercise of its power over this subject, it_ must
perfect its own acts. It can in no event call in the
aid of State legislation, nor yet deprive the people of
their rights. No act of Congress which, before it
can have vitality and force, requires an act of State
legislation in its aid is valid, operative, and binding
upon^the States, except in those cases where the con-
stitution gives to Congress the power to direct the
legislation of the States in reference to a given Sub-
ject. Of this excepted class of cases, are the
militia laws of the several States. By the very
terms of the constitution itself are reserved to the
States respectively the appointment of the officers,
and the authority of training the militia according to
the disciplineprescribedby Congress. Congress, then,
has the power of prescribing the discipline, the
command, the whole government of the militia; and
the State legislatures may provide a mode for the
appointment of officers ana for training the militia
under that discipline.
But in reference to the subject of elections, the
constitution confers no power on Congress to direct
or require any act of State legislation. Upon the
States, in the first instance, is imposed the duty of
prescribing the times, places, and manner of holding
elections for representatives; but to Congress is al-
lowed the discretion of substituting its own regula-
tions of these particulars, or of altering the regula-
tions thus prescribed by the States.
If Congress will undertake to make the election
laws, which it is authorized by the constitution to
make, it must be done by itself, and not otherwise.
If Congress would alter existing election laws in the
particulars in which it is authorized to make an al-
teration, the State laws as thus altered must still be
in force, and operative, so that an election may legally
be held under them. The State legislatures cannot
be required again to interfere, to give them vitality
and force.
But it is said that the second section of the act
under consideration is not mandatory—that the
States may pass the necessary laws to secure an
election by districts, or they may refuse to pass
them; but if they refuse, the people of the States so
refusing shall be shut out from a representation in
this hall. If this is not the language of a mandamus,
it is the language of the highway—"your money or
your life"—"your legislation or your liberties."
Is this the language which Congress may address
to the sovereign States in this confederacy? Is this
the tone and bearing with which Congress may ap-
proach the people of the States? No, sir. The
people prize their liberties too high, in silence to per-
mit them to be thus snatched away; and the inde-
pendence and sovereignty of the States can never
yield to such monstrous coercion.
It has been gravely urged here during this debate,
that it was the duty of the State legislatures to lend
their aid in carrying out the provisions of this law.
But I affirm that unless that duty is imposed
in the constitution in direct terms or by ne-
cessary implication, the obligation does not ex-
ist; for the States are subject to no duties
which are not thus enjoined by the constitu-
tion. If it were the duty of the legislatures of the
legislatures of the States thus to lend their aid, what
would, or what might, be the consequence? The
States would pass their own laws; these would be
altered by Congress; State legislation would become
again necessary, and as soon as it was perfected,
Congress, in its wisdom, might effect new changes,
and the aid of Stde legislation be again required; and
so the legislation and laws of the States would be
continually changing and vacillating to keep pace
with the whims ana caprices of Congress. The
State legislatures might be required to hold perpetual
session; and the people might never be abje to deter-
mine what were, or what were not their own rights
and privileges.
Under such an exposition of constitutional obliga-
tion and constitutional duty, who would ever think
of speaking of State soveieignties or State rights?
Such a doctiine, if canied out, would annihilate
every vestige of State dignity and power; and while
it virtually consolidated all legislative power in Con-
gress, it would, at the same time, divest the people of
their 'rights of suffrage and representation.
And, finally, it has been urged that more than two-
thirds of the States in this Union have approved at d
acted under the section of the law in question.
There is no proof to sustain this proposition.
That more than two-thirds of the States have adopt-
ed the district system, is doubtless true. They had
adopted it long before this mandamus act was passed;
and they, in all probability, u-ould have acted just
as they have acted arider that law, had the second
section of it been entirely omitted. The States
which had before adopted the district system, havs
