274
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Oregon Territory—Mr. Dayton. 
Feb. 1844.
Senate.
flitting sentiments? Sir, I apprehend the difficulties
have been so produced, and under the same circum-
stances they will continue to occur, while human
nature remains unchanged. Harmony can no more
be expected to exist between two distinct classes of
officers, so differently taught and appointed, than
between different sets of children in the same fami-
ly, whom all experience has shown to be irrecon-
cilable.
The second positive will shall notice, is the effect
produced upon the soldiery. By means of the Mili-
tary Academy, the door to promotion is effectually
closed against the men; the cadets having the ex-
clusive right to preferment, and there being already
seventy supernumerary officers and the number an-
nually increasing. The soldier, thus excluded from
promotion, has no incentive to bravery or good con-
duct; all he has to desire is to shirk danger and hard-
ship as much as he can, without incurring the risk
of punishment. Does not this state of things ne-
cessarily degrade and demoralize the army? Who
■would enlist into such a service? None but the des-
perate and the vicious. Having no hopes, they can
be influenced only by their fears—the ties which
should unite them to their leaders are all broken,
and their obedience, instead of the submission of re-
spect or affection,' becomes the base servility of ap-
prehension, and a desire to escape bodily suffering.
The officers can regard such men as little better than
brutes, to be controlled by fear and force, while the
men look upon their officers as tyrants, to whom they
are compelled to yield an unwilling obedience. What
motive or feeling in the soldier can be appealed to
as incentive to good conduct' Ambition, hope,
pride? All are crushed and blighted. Conscience?
Its voice is powerless with such men. Fear alone
remains—the fear of personal suffering; and to this
the officers appeal. Hence, despite your laws, cor-
poral punishment has been, and continues to be, and,
1 fear, will continue to be, inflicted. True, it is pro-
hibited; but has the prohibition banished it from the
army? No; nor can it, until you so change the or-
ganization that the soldier will have other motives
of action besides a fear of punishment. A late
court-martial has exemplified the operation of these
feelings in the army. A soldier who had been com-
mitted to the guard-house for some misconduct, was
brought out by an officer and severely beaten with
a sword. The officer was arrainged before a court-
martial for unofficer-like conduct in thus beating the
soldier in violation of law and of the rules and arti-
cles of war; and the court-martial, although they
found that the act was committed as charged,
decided that no criminality attached thereto,
and honorably acquitted the accused. When the
proceedings were reported to the commanding gene-
ral, he disapproved of the decision, and ordered the
court-martial to reassemble to consider the case, and
demanded of the court by what law or order a sol-
dier could be taken from the guard-house and beaten
with a sword; and if there was none, that then the
accused should be punished according to law. The
court reassembled, and reaffirmed its decision; and,
the proceedings being reported to the War Depart-
ment, were again sent back for recommendation and
reconsideration, and the decision shown to be en-
tirely erronoous. But the court-martial refused to
change its decision, and I regret to be obliged to
say that the department tamely submitted. 'Now,
it may be considered as an established principle, de-
cided by a court-martial and acquiesced in by the
government, that an officer may take an unprotected
and imprisoned soldier, beat him with an implement
not more dangerous or cruel than a sword, without
being guilty of "unofficer-like conduct," although it
be in direct violation of law, and of the rules and ar-
ticles of war; and if the officer be arraigned for mis-
conduct, he is entitled to an "honorable acquittal."
Perhaps it is necessary, as an act of justice to other
officers, to add that the accused, ana most of the
members of the court, were graduates of West Point.
Is this the submission to the laws which is there in-
culcated?—the respect for the rights of inferiors
taught at that "democratic hxstitxitionV1 After all, sir,
the fault is as much in the system as in the men. By
excluding every non-commissioned officer and pri-
vate from promotion, you so degrade the army, and
destroy its moral power, that it is difficult to govern
it without the infliction of corporal punishment.
Abolish the West Point monopoly—open the way
to merit for promotion from the ranks—and a new
and far better class of soldiers will enlist in your
service, a new spirit will pervade the army, obedi-
ence will be prompt and willing, emulation and hope
will lead to acts of daring bravery, and you will
gain in efficiency far more than you lose in science.
The last evil I shall notice is the wajit of confi-
dence, respect, and attachment between the army
and the people. The main reliance of this country
for defence is, and ever must be, the militia. Any-
thing, therefore, which tends to prejudice .the mili-
tia, or the mass of the people against the army,
should be cautiously avoided, as it is essential to
have them act in concert and harmony. Whether
merited or unmerited, it cannot be denied that the
people, and especially that portion of them which
compose the militia, look upon West Point, and
West Point officers, with great disfavor; they are
specially unpopular. If war should occur, and the
army and militia be brought in contact, the most
disastrous consequences might ensue from their dis-
sensions. It would be difficult, perhaps impossible,
to induce the militia to volunteer their services when
they would be placed under the command of the ca-
dets. In the objections I have made, and the views
I have taken of West Point, I believe I have ex-
pressed the general sentiment of the militia of my
district, and of the majority of the State I have the
honor in part of represent. Located, as the acade-
my is, in the State of New York, its character and
influences must be as well known and appreciated
there as in any part of the Union; yet it has been re-
peatedly denounced by military conventions, com-
posed of the most distinguished and enlightened
men of that State. Believing it to be an expensive,
extravagant, and anti-democratic institution of little
use, the occasion of many controversies between the
officers, and of discontent and degradation to the
soldiers, I cannot give my vote for its continu-
ance.
SPEECH OF MR. DAYTON,
OP NEW JERSEY,
In Senate, February 23 and 26, 1844.—On the sub-
ject of Oregon, &c.
On motion of Mr. SEMPLE, the Senate proceed-
ed to the discussion of the special order, being the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to give notice to the British government that it is
the desire of the government ol" the United States to annul
and abrogate the provisions of the third article of the con-
vention concluded between the government of the United
States of America and his Britaanic Majesty the King of the.
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, on the 20th
October, 1818, and indefinitely continued between the same
parties, signed at London the 6th August, 1827.
Mr. DAYTON addressed the Senate as follows:
Mr. President: The. argument of the senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Choate,] who has pre-
ceded me, applied particularly to the immediate con-
sequences which must result from the passage of
this resolution, I will rest that obvious view of the
question upon what has been so well said by him;
an attempt to add to that part of the case would be
to hang up my daub at a point where it would but
serve as a foil to his picture.
I cannot but feel the awkwardness of the position
in which we are involved by the untimely character
of the debate. But, in season or out of season, this dis-
cussion, when provoked, must be met. If we listen in
silence, administer no antidote, a single fever-flushed
limb of the confederacy will soon send its beating
pulsation throughout the entire body. And yet I
cannot but feel that our words on this subject of
Oregon ought to be measured. The dissussion is
filled with responsiblity. Let us be cautious, lest
the seed scattered in this debate become the teeth of
the dragon. I feel the more anxious on this subject,
when I reflect upon what lies behind the passage of
this resolution, and upon what all its friends admit
here to be immediately connected with it—the estab-
lishment of a line of military posts; the organiza-
tion of an immense territorial government, extend-
ing from our present western border to the Pacific;
and the guaranty to each settler of six hundred and
forty acres to himself, one hundred and sixty to his
wife, and one hundred and sixty to each of his chil-
dren. In addition, we have laid before us the reso-
lutions of the legislature of Indiana, in reference to
the immediate occupation of this entire territory,
"peaceably if we can, forcibly if we must." But,
as if to put all doubt at rest, as to what we have be-
fore us, the senator from Missouri, [Mr. Atshison,]
who so warmly advocates this measure, has warned
us that, in less than six months, "the crack of the
rifle will be heard beyond the Rocky mountains!"
Then no Highland henchman ever sped so fast and
far the bloody summons. The crack of that rifle
will scale the Rocky mountains at a leap; thence,
sweeping across the imperial valley, will top the Al-
leghanies on the wings of the wind, leaving behind
the teeming thousands of that mighty glen, gather-
ing and mounting in haste, with arms in their hands.
This is the picture which has been limned for the
gaze of senators.
But, sir, leaving the region of tropes, (it is not
my own,) I beg to call the attention of senators to
this question, as a practical question, and in view of
the grave responsibilities of our stations, remember-
ing, that there is quite as much wisdom (and no less
courage) in shunning unnecessary danger, as in
calmly meeting that which is necessary and una-
voidable. "
The occupation of Oregon addresses itself to two
of the strongest passions of our nature—pride and
avarice. These passions, when applied to nations,
seem to lose their offensive character, and become
suddenly enlarged and ennobled. They are dignifi-
ed, in sounding phrase, as a love of national honor
and dominion. But under whatever name they pass,
and whether applied to nations or to men, their en-
grossing character remains. This question is cer-
tain, therefore, to fix itself upon the public mind.
And it remains to be seen how much of national in-
terest and honor are involved in it; and whether the
whole matter of the settlement of Oregon does not
originate less in national considerations than in that
restless spirit of enterprise which is constantly urg-
ing a bold and migratory people further and further
towards the setting sun.
The firstquestion naturally occurring is the ques-
tion of title to the country. The space allotted to a
speech would not admit of its full discussion; nor is
an open Senate very favorable to a frank discussion
of it. I shall content myself, therefore, with simply
stating our title, and the point in dispute between us
and Great Britain. We claim—
1. By reason of our discovery and exploration of
the mouth of the Columbia, all that region drained
by that river and its sources. This discovery was
by Captain Gray, of Boston, on the seventh of
May, 1792; who then entered and explored the
same for the first time; the doubtful knowledge had
of its existence before, through the Spanish naviga-
tor, Heceta, being of no account.
The sources of that river drain the country above
the latitude of 49° north, and would include all that
is of the least value. The principle of national law
is well settled. It is the same by which France
held Louisiana and the valley of the Mississippi,
the mouth of which river she discovered. If the
question were a new one, it might well be doubted
whether it Tyas either politic or right for this country
to recognise claims originating m sources so loose;
whether this principle of national law should be ap-
plied to our day and our position. But the princi-
ple is certainly available against the old world, who
nave ever acted upon it.
In connexion with the above discovery, we have
the thorough exploration of the river and countries
by Captains Lewis and Clark, in 1804-'5, &c., by
order of our government, (manifesting thereby the
intention to avail ourselves of our title before ac-
quired,) and the subsequent settlement by Astor, at
the mouth of the Columbia, in 1811.
2. The next source of our title is found in the
purchase by us of Louisiana from France, in 1S03.
The region then called Louisiana extended from the
Gulf of Mexico up the middle of the Mississippi,
north and northwestward, to an undefined extent.
By the celebrated treaty of Utrecht, in 1713, be-
tween France and Great Britain, it had been agreed
to fix the bounds between the French possessions on
the south and the Hudson Bay possessions on the
north; and this line has always been understood by
this government to have been settled "by a line to
commence at a cape or promontory on the ocean
in 58° 31' north latitude, to lun thencc south-
westwardly to latitude 49° north from the equator,
and along that line indefinitely westward." When
we took Louisiana from France, in 1803, we took it
in connexion with the above treaty and the treaty
of 1763, by which France had ceded to England all
east of the Mississippi; and thus is Great Britain
estopped from claiming south of that line. Indeed
she abandoned, by the treaty with us in 1818, all
claims south of that line on the east side of the
Rocky mountains, but refused to extend the line
westward of the mountains on that parallel.
3. The treaty between Spain and the United
