2M
commmoMAL
to obtain it as cheap as possible; Potatoes was an- ~
other item dwelt on by the honorable senator from
New Hampshire; but it was probable he was not
aware of the amount imported into the country. In
the years 1834, 1838, . 1839, and 1842, there were
imported 41,000, 54,000, 196,000, and 186,000. In
1837, there was a large importation of wheat, and
what effect a free trade would have on the producers
of those necessaries, it was scarcely necessary to say.
He then contended against the second proposition
of Mr. Woodbury, which was, that the protective
duties-were opposed to the spirit of the constitution,
and that the framers of that constitution did not
mean to give protection to any branch of manufac-
tures, except as incidental to the revenue. The pro-
tective system was not cried down as contrary to the
constitution, by the discussions which arose on the
bills of 1789,1793, and 1794.
The different committees to whom those subjects
were referred, and having for chairmen such men as
Alexander Hamilton and General Smith, reported
in favor of admitting free such articles as were essen-
tial to our manufactures, that we could not produce
at home; but of imposing a duty on such others as
could be supplied by ourselves.
When he went for the protection of American in-
dustry, it Was for the whole industry, and not for a
class. Capitalists, as well as laborers, were entitled
to protection; but it was mainly for the working
men—the laborers, the real producers of wealth—
that protection was designed by the advocates of
the tariff act of 1842. The senator from New
Hampshire had quoted largely from the writings of
Dr. Franklin. He (Mr. H.) had not time to look
minutely through those writings, but he had dis-
covered in them enough to show that what Dr.
Franklin said in relation to this country not being
ready for going to manufactures, had reference to
the then condition of the country. The same opin-
ions would not be applicable to the present condi-
tion of the country. Then, as to Dr. Franklin's
views of free trade, was it not easily to be seen that
he meant free trade substantially, in which it would
exist alike in all countries—not that kind of free
trade which would be all on one side, and operating
against high duties on the other. What did the
term "free trade" mean in Great Britain? That was
to be learned from the debates in Parliament, from
which he (Mr. H.) quoted passages in speeches
made there, to show that the term was derided as
mere pretence, and never did and never could exist
in England. Whenever the statesmen in the British
Parliament found. the duties in other countries
operating against British interests, they made a
great pretence of their zeal for free trade—got
up committees on the subject—witnesses were
examined, and the proceedings published, with a
view of inducing a reduction of the foreign duties.
Was it not very well known that when this tariff act
was in agitation here, such a course was taken in
Parliament as to endeavor to make us believe Eng-
land must have free trade? We were furnished
with pamphlets of the proceedings of the commit-
tees on this subject; but did any one ever hear of
the reports of those committees being acted upon, or
their recommendations carried out? No such thing.
The protective policy of England was still steadily
pursued for the exclusive benefit of its own indus-
try in every branch- She had played the same
game of pretence with the Germanic States, till she
flooded them with her manufactures; but when
those States found out her real object, they put on
high duties, and their various sources of industry
soon became flourishing. Every country of Eu-
rope resorted to protective duties for the encourage-
ment of national industry—Russia, Prussia, France,
and all other countries. When Sir Robert Peel
was pushed hard by the advocates of the repeal of
the corn laws, and had to define his position, he
dared not come out in favor of free trade. He had
to take the side of protective duties, and every one
could remember how he was sustained by the vote
in the House of Commons, which gave him a ma-
jority of 196 in favor of protection.
Now, with regard to the objection made on the
other side, that the constitution gives no authority
for this system of protection, he (Mr. H.) denied
that such was the fact. The whole tenor and spirit,
as well as the very letter of the constitution, led to
the fostering, encouraging, and protecting of Ameri-
can industry of every kind, collectively and indi-
vidually. The very object of the constitution was
to build up this confederation as a great nation in all
the pursuits of industry, increasing in wealth and
prosperity. And how eou}d this be done but by
afding the labor "and industry which were necessary
to produce this wealth and prosperity?' It especial-
ly provides that every man shall enjoy the fruits of
his industry. And Congress could not, without a
dereliction of its duty, omit such acts of legislation
as were necessary to secure to every man the en-
joyment of the fruits of his industry- It was upon
this principle the bill of 1842 was advocated as a
protective-tariff bill.
He asked what would be the ultimate condition of
this country if it was to adopt the free-trade princi-
ple, relying on England to carry it out also? The
effect would be, that probably, for a short time, it
would go on, until our manufactures were broken
down; and then, when they were put out of the way,
England would begin to lay on duties against us,
while we, adhering to the free-trade policy, would
very soon find ourselves in a state of utter bank-
ruptcy. But even if England also adhered to it,
where would be the benefit to our agricultural States
—the western States? The free-trade principle
would admit the grain and other products of Ger-
many, France, Poland, the countries on the borders
of the Baltic sea, and all other European countries,
into England, to glut her market; and they could all
get them in half the time requisite to transport the
products of our western States thither; so that, when
the products of the West would reach the market,
they would have to be sacrificed for anything they
could bring. The West would gain nothing by free
trade; on the contrary, it would lose by having its
steady, home market broken up.
The Senator from New Hampshire complained of
the act of 1842 as being a bill for protection, and not
for revenue. Now he (Mr. H.) contended that, al-
though, in some particulars, it was, strictly speak-
ing, a bill for protection, vetJtfc the whole, it was a
good revenue bill, becausefSby its arrangement,
looking to the whole effect of the measure, it pro-
duced more revenue than would a separate duty on
each item for revenue alone. He went into various
statements in proof of this position.
He next combated the idea of the Senator from
New Hampshire, that the constitution looked to
other sources of taxation than duties on imports for
revenue to support the government.
[Mr. Woodbury stated that his position was,
that the constitution looked to duties on imports for
revenue alone; and if that did not produce enough,
it provided other sources of taxation, to avoid pass-
ing the revenue point in taxing imports.]
Mr. H. said he understood the senator's position
to be, that direct taxes could be resorted to, because
the powers of the constitution implied that.
[Mr. Woodbury said that the power of resorting
to other modes of taxation indicated that no more
taxes should bo derived from imports than they
would yield at a rate of duties imposed for revenue
alone. If more revenue was required, it should be
obtained from other sources.]
Mr. H. contended that the other sources of taxa-
tion contemplated w,ere to be used only in cpses of
great emergency; and that the intention of the fra-
mers of the constitution was to derive all the ordi-
nary revenue of the government from duties on im-
ports.
As one of the reasons for repealing or altering the
act of 1842, the senator from New Hampshire says
it does not yield enough of revenue. Now, he (Mr.
H.) took issue with the senator on this point, and
contended that the revenue of this year under that
act would be $22,000,000, if not $23,000,000. And
if'the expenditures were only kept down, as he was
sure they wouid be, within the necessary disburse-
ments of the government, that would not only be
enough, but would leave a considerable surplus.
Mr. H. here entered into a minute detail of the
revenue for several years past: and contended that
reduction of duties never did, m the mass, increase
revenue. Ill support of this, he quoted largely
from a speech of Sir Robert Peel, as to the expe-
rience of the British government in all cases of re-
ducing duties, with a view of increasing revenue.
From this speech, he deduced that the only instances
in which revenue was increased in England by the
reduction of duties, were in regard to coffee and
rum. In all other cases it took some years be-
fore the revenue came up to what was before the re-
duction of duties. Inmost cases it never did reach
the standard of revenue from high duties.
As to the complaint urged against the tariff act,
that it enhanced the price of articles of consump-
tion, he (Mr. H.) contended that its permanent ef-
fect was the reverse. Any apparent rise was corn-
increased ability of the consumer
pensated by the
to buy; and the final result of home protection was
a full supply at cheap prices, instead of the" market
being left at the mercy of foreign manufacturers, to
charge what prices they pleased.
He denied that England dealt so.liberally with us
as the senator from New Hampshire supposed, in
taking six millions of our agricultural products an-
nually for the consumption of her dependencies. It
was but a drap of water in the bucket, compared
with the three hundred and seventy-seven millions
of our annual agricultural products. He went into
various statistics and tables, to show that many of
the British duties were prohibitory with regard to
our products, and «thibited anything rather than
the spirit of free trade, or a desire to hold out the
right hand of good fellowship towards us.
It being now some time past the usual hour of ad-
journment, and Mr. H. intimating that it would
take him an hour yet to get through—
On motion of Mr. SEVIER,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 12, 1844.
The journal having been read,
The SPEAKER announced that the first business
before the House was the report of the Committee
of Elections, in relation to the legality of the elec-
tions for representatives in the States of New Hamp-
shire, Georgia, Mississippi, and Missouri; and on
the question pending, the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. French] had the floor.
Mr. FRENCH, after some preliminary observa-
tions, said that he had no doubt that the district sys-
tem of elections was the only old-fashioned Jeffer-
sonian mode of furnishing members for that House;
and having announced this opinion, without taking
time to prove the correctness of it, he would pass on
to another topic which had created some degree of
excitement in the course of this discussion. He al-
luded to the protest which, on the first day of the
session, before the organization of the House, and
before the members had taken the oath to support
the constitution, was presented by some fifty of its
members. The House of Representatives was
made, by the constitution, the judge of the elec-
tions, returns, and qualifications of its members.
The House, in the performance of that binding func-
tion, was, for that purpose, a court, constituted as
such by the paramount law of the land. Now, he
submitted to the candor and intelligence of gentle-
men whether, if a judge, called upon to administer
the laws of his State, should be allowed to commence
his sessions or proceed with a case befoie taking the
oath of office; and whether, if he should decide a
case in advance, of being qualified, such a decision
would not at least be considered by an intelligent
community as premature. Would he not, by such
proceedings, subject himself to the imputation of
being premature and partial in his decisions? He
had no doubt but that the fifty honorable gentle-
men (for he believed the number was fifty) whose
names were appended to that protest, were actuated
by the purest and most patriotic motives; but what
(said Mr. F.) would you, Mr. Speaker—what
would your competitor [Mr. Botts] think of me
were I to offer a protest in advance, denouncing you
as not entitled to your seat, or denouncing him as
not presenting a claim to it sufficiently plausible to
entitle him to be heard? What difference was there
between the two cases? There seemed to be none.
He voted (Mr. F. said) to keep that protest out of
the journal, because it was not one of the proceed-
ings of the House, and therefore was not required
to be placed there by the constitution; and because
lie thought that the protest violated the great princi-
ple upon which all courts preserved the impartiality
of their proceedings—that of not deciding on <my
question until sufficient argument and dehberaBi
were had. For the same reasons he voted to take
the case out of Committee of the Whole, and refer it
to the House, which he believed to be the only
proper court to decide such questions; and that, there-
fore, all the arguments on it should be heard in that
court, and not out of it. Without, therefore, de-
taining the House longer on these two preliminary
topics, he would at once proceed to the main ques-
tion, which, he confessed, was of the greatest con-
stitutional importance, and which he trusted he
should approach with that sense of justice and im-
partiality which it deserved.
He would not take the time to read the clause of
the constitution which authorized the people of the
States to elect the members of this House, and the
