m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Peb. 1844.
28th Cong.. ..1st Sess.
Oregon Territory—Mr. Dayton.
Senate.
encouragement of our easy naturalization laws, we
tempt foreign population to roll in upon us like a
flood. And now, by a system of bounties, it is pro-
posed to draw off our own people to a point more
distant than the native homes of even our foreign
emigrants. The genius of our country is thus repre-
sented, standing upon the highest pinnacle within
the view of all distant nations, beckoning with one
hand their unknown wretched population to come
in and fill all our land; while with the other she
points backwards, directing our own enterprising
people far away, to a more desolate region near the
setting sum! We thus receive a population of one
species at one end, but send away a population of a
far different species at the other.
I object to the whole thing. The plan, as well as
the principle, is an incongruous and a bad one. The
tendency is to promote the premature settlement of a
country for which we have no immediate want. Nor
is there anything which requires or will justify the
movement. There is nothing in the conduct of
Great Britain which looks like an effort at perma-
nent agricultural possession. She has expressly and
officially disclaimed any intention of agricultural set-
tlement. She is hunting and trapping the territory
only. Her limited agriculture is but in subservien-
cy and aid to her greater hunting interests. She has
never given title in fee to a foot of the country.
l am here brought to the more particular conside-
ration of the arguments of those who advocate this
measure. They say, in the first place, that it is ne-
cessary we take possession with a view to meet the
claims of Great Britain; that this latter country
has assumed and exercised jurisdiction over the en-
tire territory. Let us briefly examine the extent of
this jurisdiction; and, although it does not seem to
me that she is so censurable as the senators on the
other side of the chamber suppose, even I think she
has gone too far, though not perhaps in the aspect
they suggest.
They say that by the statute of 1821 (extending
act of 43d George III, ch. 138) she may drag the
citizen from Oregon to Canada for trial; and it is so.
But may she not rightly extend her jurisdiction over
the persons of her subjects when on a common ter-
ritory? Grotius divides jurisdiction somewhat as
Blackstone divides right—into a jurisdiction over
persons and over things. The former, on principles of
national law, depends upon citizenship; the latter
upon property. Rutherforth illustrates the differ-
ence by supposing an army is a desert; the sov-
ereign would nave jurisdiction of the persons of his
subjects, though not of the sands they passed over.
So, too, in the case of a ship at sea: the men on
■board are yet within the jurisdiction of their country,
although the waters over which they pass are not so.
In view of this manifest distinction, which has been
strongly overlooked, let me now ask, has Great
Britain proceeded "in rem or in personam?" Has
she ever issued in Oregon a writ of right, or even
tried an action of ejectment' In a word, have, her
courts, in Canada or elsewhere, even taken cogni-
zance of any question affecting the freehold? If so,
we have not heard of it. The law has been on her
statute book for more than twenty years, yet
she has not, by virtue of it, exercised, practically,
any such jurisdiction. And yet it seems to me
that, more particularly in the 6th section of the
act of 1821, she has gone too far. She has there
given a civil jurisdiction to the courts of Canada,
broad enough to cover all cases; it extends to
"all and every wrong and injury to the person or to
property, real or personal," with a proviso, that all
suits relating to lands, or any claims in respect to
land, shall be decided according to the laws of Eng-
land, and not the local laws of Canada. Now, I
admit that, technically, there may be real property
which is not land, and there may be claims growing
out of lands not involving the ownership in fee.
They may spring from the temporary occupation ef
the soil. The fisherman has the legal right to de-
fend the spot where his nets are down; so a ship
may rightly defend her anchorage, but a limitation
of the language of the above law to cases of this
charter would be a construction not warranted by
its sweeping phraseology. The language is too
"broad, and trenches upon our treaty rights.
But what thejj? Is it cause of war? If so, we are
fortunately not alone. This law, in its loose phra-
seology, extends British jurisdiction over the whole
Indian country not within the Canadas or the civil
government of the United States. It includes, for
aught I see, all the territories of Russia on the north,
and Mexico on the south. So that, if we go to war
with England on account of her paper jurisdiction,
it would be well to enter into a holy alliance with
these powers, whose rights are implicated, together
with our owr.
Perhaps, too, it might not be amiss to wait in
patience until England shall attempt to exercise her
jurisdiction. If she shall ever seize upon one of our
citizens, and carry him, as the senator from Mis-
souri [Mr. Atchison] says she may, in chains, to
Canada; or if she shall attempt to enforce an exclu-
sive right to a foot of the soil, through the judgment
of one of her courts, then, although the act may be
done pursuant to a law enacted by the King's most
excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Lords spiritual and temporal and the
Commons in this Parliament assembled," there will
be a question about it.
The French sensitiveness on the point of honor,
I recollect, wae formerly not a little nettled by the
assumption of sovereignty in the title of the British
monarch, "by the grace of God, King of Great
Britain, Ireland, France," &,c; she did not, now-
ever, declare war for that cause, but Napoleon vent-
ed his spleen in the pithy observation, that his
Majesty "might be King of France by the grace of
God, but that he dared not set his foot upon an inch
of her territory." And much the same may we say
of this paper jurisdiction set out in the act of Par-
liamant. The fact that no such jurisdiction has
ever been enforced,* or attempted, though the act has
been in existence twenty odd years, looks very
much as if England had not thus construed her law.
In that wild country, and among the lawless men
there, there must have been ample cause and oppor-
tunity.
But if the law be wrong, and if Great Britain or
her people, through the Indians, have killed our
people, (more than fifteen years ago, by the way,)
as we are told, what then? Is the American Con-
gress to pooceed to legislate at once on the inflated
and perhaps interested statements of our hunt-
ers and trappers, themselves lawless men, made
against, rival interests; and that, too, without so
much as complaint made to the other power? If
wrong have been done, let the facts be verified; let
a proper representation be made through the exec-
utive, and redress be demanded. England may and
doubtless will disclaim any such acts, and make every
redress that one nation can rightfully demand of
another.
Having disposed "of the question of jurisdiction,
and the practice of Great Britain under it, I desire
to say a few words, in addition, in reference the
character of her possession. On this point I can
scarcely add any thing to what has been better said
by the senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Choite.]
But the senators have spoken much of her nu-
merous forts in her Oregon. Her forts! She, has
none; not a fort dops she possess in the whole ter-
ritory. Her citizens, who are trading there under
the terms of the convention, have erected some
stockades for their security against the Indians, but
the government of Great Britain does not possess a
single fort in the entire country. That "morning
drum beat," which has been eloquently said to pass
around the globe, greeting from post to post the
rising sun, never waked a single British soldier on
the soil.
Still senators insist that she means to take perma-
neut possession? But where is the evidence ! What
overt act can you point to, as indicating such dis-
Jjosit 1 on: Has she accumulated strength there of
late years? Not at all; nothing of the kind. Her
aggregate force is now, as it has been, about 1,000
men, made up principally of Canadian voyagers,
half-bred Iroquois, and refugees of all countries—
the very scum and refuse of mankind. This is not
the kind of people with which to take agricultural
possession of any country. But still the senator
from Indiana [Mr. Hannlgan] insist that she is a
proud grasping nation. Well, be it so; we are, I
believe, going to war against her character. But,
says he, she does not wantpossession for agriculture;
she did not si:ize upon Malta and Gibraltar to plough
the barren rock, but as posts of position and com-
mand. But, sir, this is forgetting the subject-matter
of the argument. The question is not as to the
mouth of the Columbia, but as to the settlement of
the whole interior of the territory. The West are
not to pour over the Rocky mountains to fortify
Astoria, but to the people this new Elysium, to occu-
py Oregon. When England seized upon Malta, she did
no t at the same time populate the adjoining islands; nor
did she, when seizing upon Gibraltar, overrun Spain.
The point is, as to whether she means to take per-
manent agricultural possession of the country of the
Oregon; and I submit that there are no facts indi-
cating any such intent. There is nothing, therefore,
demanding precipitate action upon our part—no
reason why we should go in "at a rush."
I admit that we ought never to see a foreign na-
tion fixing itself permanently between _us and the
Pacific. That though our policy is now against a
hasty settlement, yet the country is our own against
the civilized world; and the distant, far distant fj-
ture, will yet see the American people covering all,
from sea to sea.
Although I cannot but feel conscious that policy—
1 had almost said a sense of common propriety—de-
mands that this branch of the discussion be with
closed doors, yet we are forced into it; and I am
constrained to say, openly, that we have all to gain,
Great Britain all to lose, by delay. Our population,
we are told, are setting into the country like a flood,
while England is not adding to her numbers there a
single, man. If the agricultural. settlement of the
country be the object, a single glance tells us where
all the advantage of procrastination lies.
And what is our loss—summed up—all told? It
is the muskrat and, beaver skins only! It is for
these that we are to establish posts and take pos-
session. Western senators say that as soon as a
question is raised affecting the trade of the East, we
are all alive to its importance; but when their great
fur trade is at stake, we are dead to its interests.
Now, Mr. President, what does all this great fur
trade amount to? The statistics of the' Hudson's
Bay company, for the year 1836, gives us perhaps
the fair annual average. With about 350 men em-
ployed in the business, in its various forms, they col-
lected furs amounting, in the aggregate value, at the
London price, to $138,000 only—the profit on which,
when sold, was about $10,000. This estimate, it will be
seen, applies to furs collected beyond the mountains;
or, in other words, on the disputed- territory. Gen-
tlemen, in talking of the value of the fur trade, are
too apt to overlook the fact that this company hunt
and trap not only west of the mountains, but the
entire region west of the Canadas, on the east side
of the Rocky mountains, down as far as 49°, our
northern,boundary. Over this we have no claim.
But the entire profit gathered on the west side—the
disputed territory—is 10,000 only; and for this
pitiful boon to the citizen, the government is mod-
estly asked to incur an expense the very interest on
the first outlay of which would exceed the whole.
Great Britain, it will be remembered, does not ex-
pend a dollar to protest her traders; they protect
themselves. Our government is asked to expend
more to protect our traders than all the traders can
realize when it is done. I submit that there is noth-
ing of national policy or national interest which
either requires or will warrant any such measure.
Let the country alone; give us time, and Oregon
will fall to our possession as naturally as fruit at
maturity falls to the earth.
Leaving, then, behind all questions depending on
policy or interest, I come to that aspect of the case
winch has claimed the almost exclusive considera-
tion of the advocates of the measure—I mean ihe
argument drawn from consideration of national
honor and glory.
And here permit me to say, that I am not, I trust,
altogether callous to that feeling to which this argu-
ment addresses itself. If it can be shown that the
further continuance of this convention trenches a
hair's breadth on our national character, there will
be more supporters of the resolution under consdera-
tion than, as the matter now stands, you are likely
to find for it. The senators from Missouri and In-
diana treat quite cavalierly all inquiries as to the value
of Oregon, or the cost of a war, as a sordid calculation
of dollars and cents. The forniei [Mr. Atchison]
trusts that all sense of national honor and glory has
not wholly fled the country. The latter [Mr. Han-
negan] has put his argument almost exclusively
upon the same grounds. The whole matter, as he
considered it, may be reduced to one short syllo-
gism, as thus: "We own Oregon; we have all said
so." "It is dishonorable to give up what we own
through fear; death to dishonor." Ergo, "We will
die, if need be, for Oregon!"
Mr. Haxnegan. That's it! That's it, exactly!
Mr. Dayton. Well, sir, if thai be it exactly, it
seems to me to savor rather much of what is called
in dialectics, petitio principii, or begging the question.
Give up Oregon? Give up what we own? Give up
what we own through fear? Who has talked of
giving up? Has any senator on this side of the
chamber? Has such a thought been uttered, on this
floor or elsewhere? If so, it has not been my for-
