266
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that against Mr. Giddwgs. After some observa-
tioxe on these cases, he said he should not detain
the House with any discussion of the constitutional
question involved in the case now before the House,
for it had been ably discussed by many gentlemen
who had preceded him. He would, however, re-
mark, that he deemed this act not only unconstitu-
tional, but inoperative. But, if this House should
proceed to sustain this law, what would be the re-
sult? He laid it down as a * correct principle, that
the constitution, and the laws made in pursuance
thereof, were conservative, and not destructive and
disorganizing; and that disorganizing laws, or laws
that come in conflict with the constitution, must
necessarily fall.
The constitution was made for the preservation of
this government; it was conservative in all its fea-
tures; but if he could show that the execution of
this law would have the effect of breaking up the
government, he thought he would have shown
enough to induce them to lay aside the law entirely,
to say nothing of constitutionality or unconstitu-
tionality. Of what was the government of the
United States composed? It was composed of a
legislative department, a judiciary department, and
an executive department; of which the legislative
was the primary and most important department;
without it, all the others must fall to the ground.
But the others might be abolished, and yet some
sort of government be carried on, provided the legis-
lature was retained, which was the head and foun-
tain of all law. In order to legislate, there must be
a Congress; to have a Congress, they must have a
House of Representatives; and to have a House of
Representatives, they must have delegates from
all the States. This, if not a fixed fact, was
as nearly allied to certainty as it was possible for
any proposition to be. The House must consist of
the representatives of twenty-six sovereign States;
and the very moment this department of the gov-
ernment was curtailed of its fair proportions, the
constitution and the government were ipso facto dis-
solved. What sert of a House would we have, if
it were resolved that the members from four States
should be excluded? Would it be such a House of
Representatives as was required under the constitu-
tion? Gentlemen must remember what a fuss was
made a few years ago, when a single State desired
to break the compact, and separate itself from the
Union. It was thought that the withdrawal of that
State would be the means of the breaking up of the
whole Union. Yet here, a certain party were at-
tempting to effect the expulsion of the members
from four States, and to leave the country without
a House of Representatives, as contemplated and
required by the constitution. If they could expel
the members of certain States, upon the grond
stated, they might upon any other; they might ex-
pel them for a thousand causes. He was aware of
but one cause, for which, under the constitution,
members could be expelled, and that was for dis-
orderly conduct; and it was a question upon which
the House had been exceedingly cautious. The
power of expulsion was one which they had been
charged of using. Though day after day, during
the twenty-sixth and twenty-seventh Congresses,
violence had been enacted upon the very floor of the
House, yet they had taken no notice of it. Several
personal encounters had taken place; he could men-
tion some of them—one between Bell and Turney,
another between Bynum and Garland, and another
between Wise and Stanly. These fights—all of
them, he believed—took place 011 the side of the
House where the venerable gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Abims] now sat; it was then, as now,
the whig quarter. [A laugh.] Members had fought
like dogs upon the floor of the House, and had not
been expelled. And yet it was now attempted to
expel the members from four Suites, who had been
guilty of no such offences. Members had been guilty of
insulting the House, day after day, with treasonable
petitions; and yet were unwhipped of justice. Let
not a new doctrine then be recognised, by which
members of that House could be expelled, except
for causes prescribed in the constitution; for it would
inevitably lead to the most disastrous consequences
Mr. DICKINSON commenced his remarks by
replying to his colleagues, Messrs. Brown, Jones,
and A. Johnson, on the subject of the state of par-
^ifS tt fc>tate in reference to the question before
the House; and endeavored to show, from the elec-
tions held there, that a majority of the people pre-
ferred the district to the general-ticket system. He
then went on to argue in favor of the constitutional.
fly of tjie J w of the lest g^ion, Mid against the
rights to their seats of the members elected bv gen-
eral ticket.
Mr. McCLERNAND, deeply impressed with
the importance of the question before the House-
not merely to the gentlemen whose seats were as-
^ oi* to the people of the States from
which those gentlemen came—but to the whole
Union, craved the attention of-the House for a few
minutes. Some of the gentlemen who had preceded
him, had based their arguments in support of the
law on two grounds; the first was, that the State le-
gislatures were subject to the control of Congress;
and another was, that the State legislatures derived
all their powers from the Federal constitution.
The first proposition he denied toto calo.
It never was intended that the legislation within
the States of this Union should be subject to the
control of Congress. All the powers of legislation
which were not specially vested in the Congress of
the United States remained within the great armory
of State sovereignty.
Mr. McCLERNAND replied at some length
to the arguments of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Vinton.] According to that gentleman's argu-
ment,a double power was conceded to Congress; not
only the power to make and alter the regulations
prescribed by the State legislatures, but an addition-
al and startling power, viz: that they may require
the States to do that which Congress may do.
Mr. VINTON interposed to explain. Whatever
ground Congress had occupied by its legislation, the
States were bound, by virtue of the obligation
resting upon them, to fill.
Mr. McCLERNAND said, in reply to this, that
the States, in this instance, had already occupied the
whole ground.
Again: it was no part of flflbalification required
under the constitution that tfiWepresentative should
reside in a particular part of the State; and yet this
was made a qualification by this act. What did the
act resolve itself into? A repeal of the legislation of
the States, and the abolishment of representation
upon that floor.
Mr. McC. proceeded to argue that the right to
regulate the elections was a right which belonged to'
the States; and that Congress had no power to in
terfere, except by specific and complete enactment—
in the absence of which, the exclusion of members
elected by the States was a disfranchisement of the
people, and consequently a violation of the constitu
ti6n itself.
V Mr. RATHBUN observed that he had not
much to say on this subject. Every argument that
could be offered 011 either side had been urged in all
the variety of phases of which it was susceptible,
and it was almost impossible to present any new
views on the subject. In the course of the debate
however, which had taken place, there were some
thingsVhich had been said on one side or the other
which deserved at least a passing notice. They had
been told again and again, by the members on one
side, that the question was one in relation to which
all feeling or prejudice ought to be avoided, and that
it ought to be approached as if it was now an orig-
inal question which they were piepared to act on
without prejudice and without a previously express
ed opinion. The House was also called on to con-
sider it in an impartial and liberal manner, and to
aass judgment on it in that spirit. One thing struck
lim as singular in the course of these "appeals
to the liberality and impartiality of the House
There was scarcely a member who. made them
who had not, on the first day of the session, and be-
fore even the organization of the'House, written
down- his solemn judgment in the question, and
sent it forth to the country, after strenuously en-
deavoring to get it inserted on the journals of the
House. Now he (Mr. R.) confessed that his mind was
made up 011 the subject; but he would say that it
was not made up when that protest was drawn up
and signed; and he was not then prepared to sign a
protest, declaring either for or against the rights of
these members to their seats.
The question before the House was one in which
four of the States were arrayed on one side, and the
general government, the agent of the States, on the
other. _ The States were equally as independent
in their sovereignty, as the general government
was. Referring to the language of the con-
stitution which bore on the subject, he would
without reading it, (he said,) state his under-
standing of it to be, that full power was given
to the States to provide for holding their elec-
tions, eitficr by the district 01* general-ticket system
Why was anything added to this? Why was any
power at all given to the general government on this
subject? It was because a State had already refused
to send representatives to Congress; and the framers
of the constitution wished to protect the government,
in case any of the States should follow the example
thus set. They wished to provide for keeping up a
representation of all the States in that House, in
case the States Should refuse to elect their represent-
atives; and for this purpose, they gave the power to
Congress which is found in the constitution. He
held, therefore, that the power given to Congress
was only secondary and conservative, and for the
protection of the government, and was never intend-
ed to be used, except in the emergency above
stated. He held that until the crisis anticipated by
the constitution arrived, this government had
no right to interfere in the matter at all. Now
he was sustained in that view, not by weapons
drawn from the armory in the other end of the
capital, as remarked by the gentleman from Virgi-
nia, but by weapons borrowed from the leaders of
the gentleman's own political party, whose authori-
ty, he trusted, he would not question. Mr. Rives
said, in his argument on this question,[when the ap-
portionment act was before the Senate,"that, though
he considered the letter of the constitution conclusive
that Congress possessed this power, yet he did not
think that the occasion called for its exercise. Again:
Mr. Rives deprecated the exercise of this power as
a dangerous one, and warned gentlemen that, if they
passed the law, the poisoned chalice would be re-
turned to their own lips. Mr. R. continued to read
several extracts from the speech of Mr. Rives, and
also from the speech of Mr. Berrien, both of which
went to the extent that the power was a dangerous
one, and should not be exercised by Congress but in
the event of the States refusing to elect their repre-
sentatives. Mr. R. also referred to the protest of the
four States against the clause in question, when the
constitution was ratified, declaring that they only
ratified it with the understanding that the power was
never to be exercised but in the contingency just re-
ferred to. Such was the argument, he said, among the
States at the ratification of the constitution; and this
dangerous power was left to slumber for fifty years
till the Congress of 1842, while hunting up hidden
clauses for power, under which the federal govern-
ment might be strengthened, had lighted upon this
one; and m view of it, had passed an act in viola-
tion of the compact, by which the power was per-
mitted to remain in the constitution.
He contended, at some length, that Congress had
neither "made" nor "altered" regulations for the
election of members to this House by the second
section of the apportionment law, within the mean-
ing of the clause in the constitution; and that no
)o wer existed to control the obedience of the State
egislatures. He then went into the argument
generally, and spoke to the expiration of his hour.
Mr. HARALSON next obtained the floor.
The House then adjourned.
The following petitions presented to-day were
them t0 the reporters by ™e members presenting
By Mr. WENTWORTH: A petition from two
hundred citizens of Lake county, Illinois, in favor of
erecting a light-house at Little Fort, Lake county:
lereiredto the Committee on Commerce. Also the
petition of John Davis Ackermann, of Dupage coun-
ty, Illinois praying for the refunding of certain
moneys paid by him for public land which he never
received: referred to the Committee on Public Lands
of 7V0M^f !MITH: A joint resolution
of the legislature of the State of Indiana, relating to
a United States armory on the western waters? re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs. Also
a joint resolution on the subject of improving the
navigation of the Ohio, Mississippi, and Wabash
TfSiu the Committee on Commerce.
ByMi. JENKS: Four memorials of similar tenor,
signed by two hundred and fifty-two citizens of
Pennsylvania, asking Congress to pass a law ex-
empting all boats employed in the domestic coal
trade, propelled by animal or steam power, from
coasting licenses. Also, the petition of Lardner
v anuxem, on behalf of the heirs of James Van-
sptfliat ' a merc^lant of Philadelphia,) for French
By Mr. DAWSON: The petition of P. Ord re-
questing compensation for acting as clerk in the
® of the Treasury from the 28th of
May, 1832, to the 1st of June, 1836.
By Mr. DUNLAP: A petition of citizens of
ijrunswick, Maine, praying for a reduction of post-
