March, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 1st Sess
281
Tariff and Distribution—Mr. A. Sievjart.
H. of Reps.
whigs have "doubled the expenditures and reduced
the revenues one-half?"
From present prospects, am I not justified, sir, in
saying that we shall have a large surplus over arid
above the current expenditures? Why not then
give the proceeds of the lands to the States to relieve
the people of the indebted States from the load of
taxation by which they are now ground down to
the eartlP This fund justly belongs to the States—
in the language of General Jackson, this govern-
ment now holds it in trust for the States after the
paying of the revolutionary debt for which it was
pledged, and a court of chancery, upon a bill filed,
would decree this fund to the States on proof of the
payment of the debt for which it was pledged. You
have no use for this fund: then why, I repeat, sir,
not give it to the States to which it rightfully be-
longs? What better use can you make of it?
Mr. Dromgocle said, pay off the whig debt
with it!
The whig debt' I thank the gentleman for the
suggestion—the Van Buren debt he should have
said. Yes, sir, the existing debt was inherited by
the whigs from the gentleman and his party; it was
the only legacy Mr. Van Buren had left to his
country when he retired from office. He had found
the treasury with a surplus of more than sixteen
millions of dollars over and above the amount de-
posited with the States, to which add the proceeds
of the bank stock, and the amount he received ex-
ceeded twenty-four millions. Weli, sir, he not only
expended these twenty-four millions with all the
revenue of the government, but he left the people
saddled with a debt of $17,350,998, censisting of
notes, unpaid appropriations, and debts outstanding;
and this was the debt the gentleman [Mr. Drom-
goole] is pleased to call the whig debt: it is ours,
but we got it by descent—it came from that gentle-
man and his party; but the whigs could pay it, and
would pay it, if gentlemen would let the present
tariff alone a few years longer. The whigs had
paid a part of it, and would soon pay the whole.
But if gentlemen succeeded in reducing the tariff as
proposed by the Committee of Ways and Means,
to whirh the gentleman [Mr. Dromooole] belonged,
(seven out of nine of that committee were Van
Buren men,) this debt will soon be again doubled,
especially if you superadd the extravagance and
prodigality of another Van Bureir administration—
of which, howevei, sir, I am happy to believe there
is not the wl'ghtest probability.
But why, let me ask gentlemen, repeal the distri-
bution law? is it not now in operation, and it cannot
operate till all the duties are brought down to 20 per
cvnt. Why repeal it, then, unless the Committee of
Ways and Means contemplate the reduction of the
duties to 20 per cent.3 for till this is done there can
be no distribution under the existing law. But I
have another question to ask the committee—if you
repeal a parr, why not repeal the whole of the law?
This law gives to each of the new States 500,000
acres of choice Innd over and above their distribu-
tive share. This part of the law is left unrepealed,
and m full fore-1, while all the rest of the States are
deprived of all the benefits of this law now and for-
ever. As to the old States the law is repealed, but
the Hew States are left to enjoy the benefits of
u* provision. Why is this so? Tins certainly re-
quires explanation, and it was perhaps partly to
avoid tins also thai the previous question has been
called.
The re\ enue plans of the Committee of Ways and
Means wie wholly unintelligible to me—precisely
the same measure is proposed at one time to
redvep, mid at another time to increase, the
revenue; whether there be too much or too
little revenue, the same remedy is recommended, a
"reduction of the tariff—down with the tariff." So
these political doctors have, it seems, the same rem-
edy for all diseases, in 1832, when we had a sur-
plus revenue of upwards of $17,000,000, to relieve
the treasury, JYIr. McDuffie, then chairman of the
Ways and Means, reported just such a bill as this
reducing duties, and it was then supported by the
present chairman [Mr. McKay of North Carolina]
as £i measure caculated to reduce the revenue. Now
that honorable gentleman reports a similar bill re-
ducing the dutiep for the contrary purpose, the in-
crease of the revenue. How the same measure is to
have opposite effects at different times, I am at a
loss to discover; perhaps the honorable chairman
can explain it. This bill proposes to reduce
the duties to about what they were in 1840
and 1841, when the revenue from imports
was about fourteen millions of dollars. Now,
under the present law, (the act of 1842,) the rev-
enue would probably be about double that amount,
yet the Committee of Ways and Means propose to
repeal the act of 1842, and reduce the duties to about
what they were in 1840 and 1841, for the avowed
purpose of increasing the revenue. This surely re-
quires explanation; I cannot understand it, nor do I
see how any body else can. But how, I ask, is a
general reduction of duties to increase the revenue?
Clearly, this could only be done by a corresponding
increase of imports. If you reduce your duties one-
half, you must certainly double your imports to.
get the same amount of revenue. The Secretary of
the Treasury says we will have twenty millions of
revenue under the existing law, and he wants five
millions more; and the Committee of Ways and
Means to accomplish this object, instead of increas-
ing the duties one-fourth, reduce them one-fourth;
clearly, then, they must increase imports one-half.
Our imports liave averaged for some years past
about one hundred millions; on this, with .the pres-
ent taiiff, the Secretary says we will this year have
twenty millions of revenue; reduce it one-fourth
and we will have but fifteen. To make up this loss
we must import twenty-five millions more goods;
and to add five millions (the required amount) to the
revenue, we must import twenty-five millions addi-
tional, making an increased importation of fifty
millions, to get five millions of revenue which is
not wanted, and would never be acquired by this
measure if it were.
effects on farmers and mechanics.
But our present amount of foreign imports, viz:
one hundred millions, is sufficient to supply the de-
mand; how, then, are you to make room for fifty
millions more' This can only be done by destroy-
ing fifty millions of dollars of our own domestic pro-
ductions, to make way for that amount of the pro-
ductions of foreign industry. We must, according
to this financial scheme, not only destroy fifty mil-
lions of dollars worth annually of our productive in-
dustry, but we must send fifty millions of dollars of
hard cash to foreign countries, to purchase what we
now do produce, can produce, and ought to produce
at home; and for what? To raise five millions of
revenue by taxation, which is not wanted! Now,
sir, I submit, is this wise? is it an American policy?
Is it not rather a British policy, a plan to reduce the
duties and open our poits lo (lie importation of
British goods, to the sacrifice and destruction of our
own mechanics, farmers, and manufacturers5 Yes,
sir, and this is to be done by an American Congress,
and by the representatives of the American people1
Can such an anti-American—such a British system
as this, stand for a moment before this free and en-
lightened people' Pass this bill, sir—take five dol-
lars off bar iron and still more off iron in all its
oher forms—and, sir, you will go far to extinguish
the fires of every furnace and of every forge m '
Pennsolvania. By this bill you will strike down
your own mechanics—your hatters, your shoe-
makers, your blacksmiths, your tailors, your sad-
dlers, m short, all your mechanics; you will paralyze
and prostrate your glass works, paper mills, tanne-
ries, salt works, collieries, lead mines—your woollen
and cotton faetones£but above all, you aim a death
blow at the American farmers, not only by des-
troying their home markets, almost the only markets
they now have; but what is still worse, you will
convert the mechanics and manufacturers thus
thrown out of employment into agriculturists, into
producers instead of consumers of agncultuial pro-
ductions. When you double production and di-
minish consumption one-half, do you not rum and
destroy the fanners of this country1 And, sir, allow
me to say, that in a country like this, where seven-
eights of the entire population is engaged in agricul-
ture, when agriculture is destroyed, the country it-
self is destroyed. Agriculture is the great basis
and foundation on which every thing else depends;
when the farmer prospers, all prosper; when he
sinks, all the rest, professional men, mechanics, and
all go down with him. It is the great object, there-
fore, to take care of agriculture: make this prosper-
ous and the whole country will prosper. And how is
agriculture to be made prosperous but by building
up and sustaining home markets? It is therefore
not for the manufacturers, but for the mechanics
and farmers—yes, sir, for the farmers, that I advocate
the protective policy. There is one important fact
which lies deep at the foundation of the whole sub-
ject, to which I am anxious to attract the attention
of the farmeis and politicians of this country, and it
is this, that half, and more than half, of the entire
price of the hundred millions of dollars a year of
foreign goods imported into this country, is agricul-
tural produce raised on a foreign soil, worked up
and manufactured into goods, and then sent here for
sale; and that the farmers and people of this country
send in this way fifty millions of dollars a year to
purchase foreign agricultural produce, in the sh^pe of
goods, while foreigners "take little or nothing from
us. Our whole agricultural exports to all the world
(excepting cotton and tobacco) do not amount to
ten million of dollars a year. Thus, sir, we purchase
five dollars' worth of foreign agricultural produce to
every dollar's worth we sell. This may seem strange,
but it is strictly true; I defy contradiction—I chal-
lenge investigation. Let gentlemen disposed to con-
test it select an article of foreign goods, a yard of
cloth, a ton of iron, a hat, a coat, a pair of shoes,
any thing, "from a needle to an anchor;",examine
its constituent parts, the raw materia], the clothing
and the subsistence of the labor employed in its
manufacture, and it would be discovered that more
than half, often three-fourths, of the whole price is
made up of agriculture produce. It is a %vell known
fact that farmers often make hundreds of dollars
worth of domestic goods, cloths, &c., without
using a dollar's worth of any thing not pro-
duced on their own farms. Goods and cloth thus
made are therefore entirely agricultural; and are not
the same materials used in the manufacture of goods,
whether made on a farm or in a factory?
Mr. S. said he had ascertained |the fact from his
own books kept at a furnace, that more than three-
fourths of the price of every ton of iron sold, was
paid to the neighboring farmers for their domestic
goods, their meat and flour, that clothed and fed his
hands; for their hay, corn, oats, &c., that sustained
his horses, mules, and oxen, employed about his
works. In England, iron is made of the same mate-
rials that constitute it here. Well, we now import,
manufactured and unmanufactured, eight millions of
dollars worth of iron and steel—say only half its value
is agncultuial produce: thus, then, we send four
millions of dollars a year to purchase foreign agricul-
tural produce, converted into iron, and sent here for
sale, while our own country is filled with ore and
coal, buried and useless, and the produce of our farm-
ers left without markets. Will the farmers of this
country submit to such a system as this—openly ad-
vocated and adopted to favor foreign industry at the
expense of our own' Will they tamely and silently
agree thus to be crushed and sacrificed?. No, sir,
they will not; they will speak out against this unjust
and ruinous measure; your tables will soon groan
under the weight of their remonstrances against it.
I call on them to do so; I call on them to come to
the rescue before it is too late.
british bill.
The avowed object of this bill is to open our ports
to the importation of British goods—to favor foreign
farmers and mechanics, and destroy our own. Sir,
give the people time to be heard, and this bill cannot
pass. Let it be discussed, and it can never pass an
American Congress. There is one way in which it
can pass. Send it to the British Parliament, and it
will be passed by acclamation. England would
give millions to secure its passage. It had recently
been stated in an official report, read in the House
of Commons, that unless the American tariff of 1842
was modified and reduced, Great Britain would have
to pay the United States cash for their cotton, in-
stead of paying in goods, as she formerly had done;
and this bill accordingly modifies and reduces the
tanff of 1842 to suit the wishes of the British Chan-
cellor—who, while he recommends free trade and
low duties to us, takes special care to adhere to his
own prohibitory system. While this bill proposes
greatly to reduce the duties on foreign distilled
spirits, England exacts a duty of 2,700 per cent, on
ours; and this is reciprocity! This bill reduces the
duties on tobacco and its manufactures, while Eng-
land demands 1,^00 per cent, on ours, and actually
collects twenty-two million dollars of revenue an-
nually from our tobacco—equal to the whole reve-
nue of this government. Such is British reciproci ty
and free trade. Since the tariff of 1842, the tables
with England have been turned. Last year the bal-
ance of trade with Great Britain exceeded $13,000,-
000 in our favor, instead of being about that amount
against us, as in former years. The imports of spe-
cie had, in the last year, reached the unprecedented
amount, as appears by official reports, of more than
twenty-three millions of dollars—most of it from
Great Britain. No wonder England and her states-
men were anxious for the reduction of the America#
