m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Whig and democratic principles—Mr. Clingman.
H. of Reps.
it professionally, discussed it scientifically, inside
and out; he had introduced all the whig banners and
flags of the campaign of 1840, and displayed them
with great pomp, circumstance, and ceremony; and
all this, in the estimation of gentlemen and of the
Chair, was then perfectly in order.
- DISTRIBUTION ADVOCATED.
Prom recent intelligence, coming in from all quar-
ters, it is now manifest that we shall have a surplus
revenue at the end of the year, independent of the
proceeds of the public lands. If, then, the tariff
yields revenue enough, as I doubt not it will, why
not distribute the land proceeds' among the States,
to relieve their people from oppressive taxation?
Pennsylvania, sir, owes a debt of forty millions of
dollars, contracted in the prosecution of a stupen-
dous, but ill advised, system of internal improvement,
equally important to Ohio and the whole West, and
hence she had claims for assistance on this govern-
ment.
[Mr. McKay said, if she has contracted a debt of
forty millions let her pay it']
Sir, if you withhold her §hare of the public lands,
how is she to pay it? Her debt is now increasing,
by the addition of two millions annually, on ac-
count of interest. She could pay it by doubling and
trebling the present heavy taxation, which now
crushes her people to the earth. Yes, double the
taxes of Pennsylvania, and it would not pay the
interest of her debt, let alone the principal.
As a Pennsylvania^ therefore, I go for the pro-
ceeds of the public lands to aid the people of Penn-
sylvania to pay their debt. Pennsylvania has a
clear, legitimate, undoubted right to one-tenth part
of the land or its proceeds. The population of
Pennsylvania is one-tenth part of the population of
the Union; and if we were to distribute the land it-
self to-morrow among the States of this Union,
Pennsylvania would get more than one hundred mil-
lion acres of the public lands. Would not that be
an ample fund in the end to pay off the debt of
Pennsylvania thricc told? Now, I claim,as a repre-
sentative from Pennsylvania, her share of the pro-
ceeds of the public lands; and I hope no representa-
tive from Pennsylvania, who looks at the condition
of hi£ constituents, crushed under this weight of
taxation—of unceasing and increasing taxation—
would vote against it. He thought that no gentle-
man from Illinois, Indiana, Ohio, Louisiana, Ala-
bama, Maryland, Michigan, Mississippi, and other
indebted States, some of them more, and others al-
most as much, indebted as Pennsylvania, in propor-
tion to their population and means, ought, and he
hoped none of the representatives of these States
would, vote to withhold from their people their share
of the land, and by so doing, rivet taxation on them
and their posterity forever. By the terms of
the grants or deeds of cession, these lands
had been ceded by the States to the Union.
And for what? To pay the revolutionary
war debt. And when that was* paid, the
lands were to go to the States, including the
new States, and those which had made the cessions.
What does this government want with this fund?
Tt has un abundance of revenue, and if we relieve the
people of the States from taxation by giving them
what they ore entitled to—the proceecis of the pub-
lic lands—do we not relieve the people of these
United States? Do we not relieve the people of this
government from taxation, when we relieve the peo-
ple of the States from taxation? For the people of
the States and the people of the United States are
the '••dmc people.
f submit whether it is not right and fair to relieve
the indebted States of this Union from the heavy
burden of taxation which is crushing their people,
by giving them their share of the proceeds of the
public lands. The tariff, so far as i! operates as a
tax upon the people, is the lightest foim, and least
felt, inasmuch as the payment is entirely voluntary;
but the chief burden of taxation in this form is
thrown from the people of this country upon the
foreigner, who is obliged to reduce the profits and
the prices of his goods, m order to get them into
market, wherever there is an American price estab-
lished by American labor.
_ But, sir, there is another argument in favor of
distribution : so long as the proceeds of the public
lands come into the treasury of the general govern-
ment, we never can have a firm, rettled, established
revenue policy. The fluctuations in the proceeds of
the eales of the lands in past years, varying as thev
have from less than two millions to upwards of
twenty-four millions per annum, if they are suffered
to remain in the general treasury, we must raise
and reduce the tariff of the country corresponding-
ly. I would take the proceeds of the lands and give
them to the States, if for no other reason than to re-
lieve the treasury from athis unsettled policy, and to
give the country a firm and established revenue
system.
In 1836, the public lands yielded upwards of
twenty-four millions—a sum sufficient to defray all
the expenses of government, and of course creating
an immense surplus. Then we heard the cry of
"repeal the tariff—down with the tariff—too much
revenue." But in two or three years the proceeds
of the lands sunk down to less than two millions of
dollars. Then was raised the cry of "up with the
tariff." Thus, so long as the proceeds of the lands
(this uncertain and fluctuating source of revenue)
go into the treasury, nothing can be settled or fixed
in the tariff policy of the government.
I hope, therefore, the representatives of the in-
debted States will go with me, and vote down this
bill to repeal the distribution act; and thus relieve
their tax-ridden people from the burdens of direct
taxation; and, at the same time., relieve the treasury
from this source of revenue, which unsettles and
deranges not only the finances, but the trade and
business of the country. Sir, this measure of dis-
tribution is equally important to the non-indebted
States. They receive an equal proportion of the
proceeds of the lands, which could be applied to
purposes of education or of improvement, or to
whatever the wisdom of their people may direct.
This measure of distribution is a measure of re-
lief to the States; and 1 now predict that we will
have two parties in this country—the "reliefparty,"
going for distribution; and "the anti-relief and tax
party," going for direct taxation. There were only
two ways of paying the State debts—distribution or
taxation—taxation, unmitigated taxation, now,
henceforth, and forever. Which are you for is the
question, and gentlemen must meet it. They must
either go for distribution and relief, or for taxation
and no relief. They have their choice; they must
make it, and be responsible to the people.
The improvements made by the-States, and which
had been the great cause of involving them in debt,
are highly beneficial to the United States, in con-
nexion with the transportation of the mails, the pro-
motion of commerce among the States, and the de-
fence of the country in time of war; and hence the
United States was bound to help pay for them, by
giving the proceeds of the public lands.
General Jackson advocated the distribution of the
surplus revenue among the States on this ground.
He contends, m his message of 1830, with great
truth, that the improvements made by the States
"constitute the surest mode of conferring permanent
and substantial benefits on the whole Union." Be-
sides, he contends that the money distributed by
the general government among the States "would
be more judiciously applied, and economically ex-
pended, under the direction of the State legislatures."
Such were some of the arguments urged by General
Jackson in favor of this policy, which Mr. Van
Buren now denounces as a "preposterous proposi-
tion"—the mere agitation of which, he says, is dis-
graceful to the character of the American people,
and which his friends on this floor are now voting
down, without a word of explanation or debate.
What will the illustrious chieftain of the Hermitage
^ay to this?
THE WHIG AND VAN BUREN SYSTEMS.
But, sir, Ave are told that "the whigs are a party
without principles." Sir, are not their principles
known and avowed everywhere? On this subject,
the whig system is this: Remove from the national
treasury that disturbing source of revenue, the pub-
lic lands, and give them to the States, to which they
rightfully belong, to pay their debts, and relieve the
people from taxation. Then regulate the tariff so as
to supply revenue enough for an economical admin-
istration of the federal government, by imposing
protective duties on such articles as we can, and
ought to supply at home, and revenue duties on lux-
uries and articles not produced, sufficient to supply
the wants of government. This is the whig system.
Now, sir, what is the Van Buren system? "Just the
reverse. It is to refuse all relief to the people and
the States, by distribution or otherwise; to reduce
the tariff, and let in foreign goods, to the de-
struction of our own industry; exhaust the wealth
and currency of the country to pay for them;
double the expenses of government, to enrich
office-holders and favorites, and leave the govern-
ment again as they left it in 1840, after twelve
years' administration, impoverished, and overwhelm-
ed with bankruptcies and debts, State and national,
amounting to more than two hundred and twenty
millions of dollars. How was it, sir, during the .
twelve preceding years, when whig policy prevailed?
Look at the official reports from the treasury, and
you will find, sir, that during that period we paid off
one hundred and forty one millions of the war debt,
expended twelve millions for internal improvements,
and left the country with a surplus revenue of more
than twelve millions a year, a sound currency and
universal prosperity; but in 1828 there came a
change. The next twelve years was a period of
disastrous experiments, resulting in the excessive
increase of banks, the ruin of the currency; the in-
ordinate importation of foreign goods, the conse-
quent destruction of agriculture, manufactures, and
the mechanic arts, and the involvement of the States
and people in a foreign debt of more than two hun-
dred and fifty millions, which now hangs like a
millstone about their necks. The people could
stand it no longer; they determined in 1840 to have#
a change—to throw off this incubus; but, by an
unforeseen event, this was defeated. The period is,
however, rapidly approaching when the people will
again come to the reseue, and achieve the great ob-
ject they then had in view.
But we are told, sir, by Mr. Van Buren himself,
that this glorious revolution of 1840, was the result
of infatuation, folly, and madness, on the part of the
people. Sir, is this true? Is it not a foul slander on
the American character? Is it not a gross insult to
the, people, and will it not be so regarded? Sir,
that election was the result of a deep and delib-
erate conviction of the ruinous effects of Mr.
Van Buren's policy—effects seen and felt,
severely felt, throughout this land. The peo-
ple saw that nothing but a change—a thorough
change—could save the country from hopeless bank-
ruptcy and ruin. That conviction has since been
strengthened and confirmed; and the beneficial ef-
fects of the whig tariff of 1842, now rapidly restor-
ing the national prosperity, furnishes new and pow-
erful motives to stimulate and strengthen the friends
of reform. Sir, if you want evidence, look to the
unequivocal indications of public opinion throughout
the country. Is not the "handwriting upon the
wall," in characters so large and legible that "he
who runs may read?" In 1840, the people, by the
unprecedented majority of 145,000, pronounced
judgment against Mr. Van Buren. Can this be
overcome without a change? And wheie are the
changes in his favor? Where is the man who voted
against him then, who is in favor of him now? or
if there be any such changes, are there not two to
one the other way? But, sir, if there were nothing
else, the passage of this bill, withholding from the
people, in their time of need, their shaie of the pub-
lic lands, and the attempt to repeal the tariff of 1842,
and again inundate the country with foreign goods,
break down our own farmers, mechanics, and man-
ufacturers, by the passage of this destructive, anti-
American, anti-tariff bill, would, of itself, be abund-
antly sufficient to condcmn any party, however
popular, with a vast majority of the free, enlighten-
ed, and patriotic people of this country.
The people will not permit any man, or party of
men, long to trample upon their rights and interests
with impunity. I know, sir, they have borne much
for the sake of party; they have excused bad ac-
tions by the ascription of good motives. But there
is a point where "forbearance ceases to be a virtue;"
that point has been reached and transcended. The
people have decided upon a change, and they will
have it. They expressed this determination in
1840—they will repeat it in 1844, with increased
emphasis. The decree has gone forth, and it is ir-
revocable. It is seen on every hill—it is heard on
every breeze—and felt in every throb of the popular
pulse. The hand is upraised, mid the blow will
follow as certain as the stroke of fate; as well might
you attempt to avert the winged lightning or stop
the thunderbolt of Jove. The popular will is
formed; it is the true and just sovereignty in this
land; it must be respected and obeyed. And poli-
ticians can no more stay it m this course, or divert
it from its purpose, than the tempest-tost mariner
can the winds and the waves that overwhelm him.
SPEECH OF MR. CIHGMAN,
OF NORTH CAROLINA*
In the House oj Rep) esentatives, March 7, 1844—On the prin-
ciples of the whig and democratic parties.
Mr Speaker: H is not my purpose to debate the bill now
