£*0
also employed a poorer description of shiping,
much cheaper in cost, manned with boy's and men,
at half, the pages'we paid for sailors in trac ship-
ping, and could thus carry much cheaper. In con-
sequence of all this, they monopolized much of the
commerce which our ships ought to possess. The
same was true regarding the other foreign nations
with which we have reciprocity treaties. The de-
cline in commerce was, then, not to be attributed to
our tariff system, but to the far more obvious cause
to which he had adverted.
Mr. H. quoted from a variety of tables to show
the American tonnage thus supplanted by foreign
nations.
Next, with regard to New Hampshire, being pe-
culiarly interested in navigation, he went into de-
tails from tonnage tables, to show that Rhode Is-
land, Massachusetts, and Connecticut, were more
deeply interested in that branch of commerce.
Then, as to the position of the senator from New
Hampshire that the protective policy was not only
unjust and injurious towards the mass of the com-
munity, but must ultimately prove destructive to
the manufacturers themselves, from the fact that
they would be so stimulated to overproduction, and
competition one with another, that they must very
soon be broken down,—he (Mr. H.) contended, in
reply, that, if all this took place, low prices must be
the consequence; and he did not see why the sena-
tor and his friends should not be pleased with that.
But, although, as the friends of the protective sys-
tem always contended, prices would fall, from the
facts anticipated by the senator from New Hamp-
shire, it would be only to a limit of fair remunera-
tion for industry, because competition must cease
when prices go below that limit.
Another of the senator's objections to the manu-
facturing system being stimulated was, that those
who should be engaged in agriculture, and other
more congenial pursuits than that of being cooped
up in the heated atmosphere of workshops and fac-
tories, would have their attention and labor directed
into unnatural channels, not wanted by the country.
Now, he (Mr. H.) conceived the farmers of Con-
necticut, or even of New Hampshire, would not
feel so well satisfied, if they had not an encouraging
opportunity of sending out some of their sons to
seek their fortunes in various occupations—some to
manufactures, some to navigation, some to shops
and some to the merchant's counting-house. It
was this diversity of occupations which they con-
sidered one of the greatest blessings of the country
The senator from New Hampshire said he was
in favor of one species of home manufacture—the
good old fashioned home-made fabrics, wrought in
every family before this system began. That was
as much as to say, that it would be better for the
country to exclude all improvement in the arts in
machinery, mechanical agency, &c. What would
this lead to but the two following consequences'
First, that we must fall behind the rest of the world
in civilization—while they would be advancing and
receiving all the substantial advantages of their im-
provements, we would be receding and getting back
to antediluvian times; and, second, that we would
have to pay several times more for what we con-
sume than we need pay, and employ more labor on
one branch of industry than need be diverted to it
from other sources of national wealth.
There were several topics which he had left un-
touched, that he would like to discuss; but neither
the time of the Senate, nor his own strength, would
permit him to enter upon them now.
He should sum up by considering the proposi-
tions of the senator from New Hampshire, und e
three heads. 1st. That the tariff act of 1842 was
destructive of revenue, instead of being a revenue
act. 2d. That free trade is beneficial, and ought to
be adopted. 3d. That the imposition of duties en-
hances prices for the benefit of the few at the ex-
pense of the many. Each of these propositions he
(Mr. H.) denied to be well founded. The first had
been disproved by the fact that revenue had increas-
ed. The second, by the fact that there could be no
fiee trade that would not be one-sided, acting1 inju-
riously on us if we adopted it, without procuring us
any advantage in return for our loss. And the third
was disproved by the experience of all the tariff acts
that we had ever adopted—looking to the ultimate
result with regard to prices.
Mr. H. concluded by passing a high eulogium on
the protective system; prophesying that it would be
recognised all over the country, ere long, and in eve-
ry section, as the only wise, patriotic, and safe
When Mr. H. sat down, a long pause ensued, the
Senate being very thin of attendance, and no one
present seeming desirous of taking the floor; at
length '
Mr. McDUFFIE rose, and observed that, if no
other gentleman thought proper to continue the de-
bate, he should like, as the mover of the measure,
to have an opportunity of concluding, in answer to
those who had opposed the bill he introduced. In
that case, looking to the hour it was now, he would
expect a postponement.
Mr. BERRIEN said that, although it was not his
purpose to enter, at this time, into the discussion,
he took it for granted there were gentlemen absent
from their seats who might desire to express their
views. Therefore, to give them an opportunity, he
would propese to lay the bill on the table for the
present.
Mr. McDUFFIE objected that this might defeat the
further discussion of the subject. This was the ap-
propriate time for those opposed to his bill to ex-
press their sentiments. If not ready now, a day
C0^ld b®£PPoi<lte(1 for proceeding with the debate.
Mr. BERRIEN remarked that the question pend-
ing was on the report of the committee to postpone
the senator's bill indefinitely, which would have pre-
cedence of a motion to postpone to a day certain.
No such objection existed as to a motion to lav the
report on the table, to be called up any time the
Senate was ready to proceed with the debate.
Mr. ARCHER observed that the discussion hav-
ing become general, he did not wish to press his
original motion. If he was so disjgted, he should
certainly yield to the wish expresj|M| the senator
from South Carolina to reply to tho^lwho were op-
posed to his bill.
Mr. SIMMONS said it was his intention to pre-
sent his views to the Senate on this question; but he
had waited for some gentleman to take the floor in
answer to the senator from Connecticut, not think-
ing in desirable that the debate should proceed with
two or more in succcssion on the one side.
Mr. BERRIEN renewed his motion to lay the
subject on the table.
And there being no opposition, the pending ques-
tion was laid on the table, with an understanding
that it was hereafter to be called up by any gentle-
man ready to proceed with the debate.
The bill altering the time of holding the circuit
courts of the United States at Clarksburg and
Wheeling, in the western district of Virginia and
the circuit courts of the United States for the district
of Arkansas, was read the third time, and passed.
The bill providing for the insane asylum in the
District of Columbia was also read a third time, and
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen-
ate the annual report of the Commissioner of Pat-
ents; which was, on motion by Mr. PHELPS re-
ferred to the Committee on Patents and the Paten
Office; then,
_ On motion by Mr. TAPPAN, the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 13, 1844.
The journal of yesterday was read, and ap-
proved. 1
The SPEAKER announced the order of busi-
ness to be the report of the Committee of Elections;
before proceeding to which, however,
Mr. BELSER asked and obtained leave to offer
the following resolution, which was adopted:
Resolved, That the Congressional Temperance
Society be allowed the use of this hall on Thursday
evening next, after the adjournment of the House.
REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE OP ELEC-
TIONS.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the report; and
Mr. HARALSON, being entitled to the floor, ad-
dressed the House. He did not flatter himself af-
ter an uninterrupted debate of this question' for
more than a week, that he would be able to present
any views to that House which should be new or
interesting to them. This would be promising him-
S(cf t0° 1TUIcJl- ousted, however, he would be
able to present some views, which, he hoped, would
have some bearing upon the final determination of
the question. In the examination and discussion of
a question involving the constitutional rights of the
people to representation in the general government
they could not be too particular—they could not
bestow too much time in the examination of a ques-
tion of this magnitude.
He would not promise the House to detain them
the full length of time allotted to him under the rule;
when he had presentedto them his views upon the
subject, he would relinquish the right of addressing
the House to some other member. He must he
permitted, however, at the very commencement or
his remarks, to express his regret that any of the
gentlemen who had preceded him in this debate
had felt at liberty to go out of the discussion with a
view of giving a party character to the question.
He had hoped, that in the investigation of a subject
which had been characterized by every speaker who
had addressed the House, as a question of the ut-
most importance—a great constitutional question 
they would have elevated themselves above the paltry
considerations of party; that they would have been
actuated by feelings of patriotism; but these hopes
were entertained in vain. Gentlemen had not only
felt at liberty to indulge in vituperation and abuse,
but they had so indulged to an almost unlimited
extent. The minority report itself closed with an
expression which he had hoped originally would
never have been put upon the records of this House.
It expressed the hope that the people would rise in
the majesty of their power; and, as the lion shakes
the dew-drops from his mane, so would they hurl
from power those who betrayed them. If this were
intended to apply to the democratic party, he had
only to say, in addition to the regret he felt
that such an expression had been used, that
the democratic party had nothing to fear in con-
nexion with this subject. The democratic party
had not deceived the people of the States. They
had made to the people no such promises as had
characterized those who made the assertion to
which he had alluded. They had not deceived the
people, because they had not made them" any
promises. It was reserved for the twenty-seventh
Congress, after the power which was contended for
under the fourth section of the constitution had slept
for more than fifty years, to attempt an exercise of
this power. He would not undertake to say what
had been promised to the people by the members
of that Congress; but since it had been attempted to
be charged upon the democratic party that they
were deceivers of the people, he would say that they
had never promised them anything. But what sort
of action had characterized that Congress? They
had reprobated their own action. He would not
particularize the various acts of that Congress which
were annulled by themselves; it was enough for the
present purpose to say, that almost every im-
portant measure which was enacted by them
before they were dissolved, was again re-
pealed. They were constrained to counteract
their own measures by the overruling power
of the voice of the people. He made the remarks,
not for the purpose of assailing the whig party, but
to defend the democratic party from the missiles
winch had been hurled against them. He would
not enumerate the acts of the 27th Congress which
had been reversed by themselves. The act now un-
der consideration was one of the acts of that Con-
gress which had been passed at a late stage of their
career, and had escaped the fate of the others. It
stood almost an isolated case; and if it ultimately
remained a law, it must be attributed more to un-
willingness on the part of the people to create any
difficulties in the government; it must be attributed
to a disposition to acquiesce in the exercise of an
unconstitutional power on the part of Congress
rather than to produce extraordinary difficulties in
the government. As far as his own State was con-
cerned tms measure could not be said to belong ex-
clusively to either the whig or the democratic party.
At the session before the last, the State legislature,
St™ thai democratic, passed a law districting
the State of Georgia. This was followed up b|
another act during- the last session. It had thus
been done by both parties; and it could not, there-
t mB£%t0 ro.CCIVe a party character, so far as
the state of Georgia was concerned; and he would
express here what he believed to be true, that the
people of the State of Georgia—whether in obe-
dience to the law of Congress or not (indeed, he
hoped no such term would be used)—he believed
the people of Georgia, of both parties, rather than
produce difficulties on the subject, would adopt the
distuct system. He believed there was a disposi-
tion to acquiesce on the part of both political par-
ties. But this did not affect the question nosv before
them as to the rights of the people of the States to
representation upon that floor.
