The twenty-seventh Congress passed that act
with a full knowledge that the elections in some of
the States (Georgia in particular) must necessarily
take place, under the -general-ticket system, before
any action could be had to comply with the act, un-
less by means of an extra session of the legislature.
And he would ask, if it were reasonable to affirm
that Congress should have the power to subject the
people of a State to the inconvenience and expense
of holding an extra session of the legislature for the
purpose of carrying out what many of them be-
lieved to be an unconstitutional act' They had, in
his opinion, no such power. If they had, whence
was it derived? Prom what part of the constitution
did they procure this authority?
The State of Georgia had been districted; and as
far as regarded the action of that State, he desired
only to make one remark, and thaf-was, whenever
the people of Georgia, through their representation
in the legislature, should express their preference
for any particular manner of election, or for any-
thing else, he would bow in humble submission to
their will; it was, however, to the operation of the
second section of the apportionment bill upon the
elections, which must take place before the legisla-
tures of the States could act upon the subject, that
he now proposed to give his objections.
The position which was occupied by those who
objected to that portion of the law now under con-
sideration as unconstitutional, was not a novel one.
Mr. Madison himself, whose opinions had been so
often triumphantly adverted to on the other side,
never pretended that it would be proper on the part
of Congress to exercise such a power, except under
particular circumstances, which, it was supposed,
were never likely to happen. It never was believed
by the framers of the constitution that this power
would be exercised, except upon the failure of the
States to carry out the provisions of the constitution.
Gentlemen seemed to forget the history of the adop-
tion of the federal constitution. Gentlemen had ar-
gued the question as if this government, in the ma-
jesty of its power, had the right to use the language
of command towards the States. Who framed the
federal constitution? Was it ordinarily the custom
for the created to speak to Die creator in the lan-
guage of command? What, he asked, was the his-
tory of the adoption of the federal constitution? The
States assembled by their representatives; and, with
all the jealousy which they might be supposed to
feel towards the centralizing tendency of the general
government, they adopted the constitution, giving
such checks and restrictions as they thought desira-
ble to be placed upon the general government. Was
it probable that they would have allowed language
of a mandatory nature, especially in relation to a
right which is considered the dearest right of free-
men? Mr. H. here referred to the opinion of Mr.
Madison, so often referred to in this debate, and
which he would not now take time to read again,
which contained this remarkable passage: "Should
the people of any State by any means be deprived
of the right of suffrage, it was judged proper that it
should be remedied by the general government. It
was found impossible to fix the time, place, and
manner of the election of representatives m the con-
stitution. It was found necessary to leave the regu-
lation of them, in the first place, to the State gov-
ernments, as being best acquainted with the people,
subject to the control of the general government, in
order to enable it to produce uniformity, and pre-
vent its own dissolution."
Witness, said Mr. FT., what was said by Mr.
Jay, who was the friend of the constitution pro-
posed to be ratified, and who spoke in favor of the
ratification in the New York convention:
In the New York convention, Mr. Jones having
offered a resolution "that nothing m the constitu-
tion then under consideration should be construed
to authorize the Congress to make or alter any regu-
lations in any State respecting the times, places, or
manner, of holding elections for senators or repre-
sentatives, unless the legislature of such State shall
neglect or refuse to make laws or regulations for the
purpose, or from any circumstance be incapable of
making the same, and then only until the legisla-
ture of such State shall make provision in the prem-
ises," the Hon. Mr. Jay said, "that, as far as he
understood the ideas of the gentleman, he seems to
have doubts with respect to this paragraph, and
feared it might be misconstrued and abused. He
said tliat every government was imperfect unless it
had the power of preserving itself. Suppose >that,
by design or accident, the States neglect to appoint
representatives', certainly there should be some con-
insisted upon
he would as? *
tion the seci
constitutional!'
the States had
stitutional remedy for this evil, The obvious mean-
?f t'le paragraph was, that, if this neglect
should take place, Congress should have power, by
law, to support the government, and prevent the
dissolution of the "Union. He believed this to be
the design of the federal convention."
Permit me (said Mr. H.) to inquire, just as this stage
of my remarks, if there is one member on the floor,
who believes that the federal constitution would
ever have been adopted with this power in it, unex-
plained by the remarks of Mr. Madison, Mr. Jay,
and others, who figured in the debates at the time
of its adoption. If any believed that it would have
been ratified without these explanations, they must
believe that seven of the States were insincere in the
declaration they made on that occasion. He firmly
believed that the federal government never would
have gone into existence with this power in the
constitution, had the framers believed that it would
ever be exercised in the way that was done by the
last Congress. He was furnished with another re-
mark of Mr. Madison, which he was informed by
a friend on the floor might be seen in his writings.
He had never read them himself, but he had no
doubt they might be found in his works.
Here Mr. H. quoted the remark of Mr. Madison,
to the effect that, "in the evenUhat the States might
fail, or refuse to provide for their elections, then it
should be in the power of Congress to provide for
this interregnum, in order to prevent a dissolution
of Congress." Mr. Jay's position strongly sus-
tained those members from the four States who
rights to their seats here. Now,
lemen to blot from the constitu-
r which they relied to support the
? the law, and then say whether
not a right to their representation
here, independently of it. He contended that they
had, and that it was not in the power of Congress,
nor of any power on ear:h, to deprive them of it.
Those members from the four States, who were
now contending for their rights here, had been char-
acterized as lawless and revolutionary, and guilty of
nullification.
If there was nullification in the matter, it was
chargeable to those who had nullified the rights of
the States—who had nullified the right of suffrage
•—who had nullified the inestimable right of free-
men, the right of representation in the legislature
"which imposes taxes on them, which was one of
the causes that led our forefathers into the revolu-
tion which gave us independence. But, (said Mr.
H.,) from the 4th section of the 1st article of the
constitution, and from the constitution itself, we
have the right to representation. We also derive it
from the second section of that instrument. The
second section declares that "the House of Repre-
sentatives shall be composed of members chosen
every second year by the people of the several
States, and the electiors in each State shall have the
qualifications requisite for electors of the most nu-
merous branch of the State legislature." Here was
the right of representation guarantied to the peo-
ple, which no power on earth could deprive them of.
There was certainly no portion of the constitution
which authorized Congress to do it, either by any
incomplete action of their own, or by placing the
people of the States in a situation in which they are
unable to exercise the right of suffrage. He con-
tended that if Congress had the right to legislate on
the subject at all, if they did alter the regulations of
the States it was their duty to have given them a
complete system of representation, instead of putting
them in a situation on which they were deprived of
the power of holding their elections. It had been
urged by many gentlemen who had spoken on this
question, that the term "manner" (of holding elec-
tions) applied to every thing—that it was very com-
prehensive, and might be applied to any alteration
Congress might please to make of the regulations of
the States. He did not consider it in that sense.
The clause read: "The^times, places, and manner of
holding elections for senators and representatives
shall be prescribed in each State by the legislature
thereof; but the Congress may at any time, by law,
alter such regulations, except as to the places of
choosing senators."
The Congress may alter such regulations. What
regulations? Why, those regulations mentioned m
the preccdmg part of the section, as to the time,
Elace, and manner of holding the elections. Now,
e wished some gentleman who might follow him
on this subject, to explain how the term "manner"
could be said to apply to a particular area of ground—
a certain number of acres—the manner of holding
elgsdona made .applicable to;  cgrtaia '.of
country!He appealed to the. goo$ sense of the
House, and asked the question again; andhede-
sired.some gentleman would explain it to htm if he
could do so. * • ' , .•
There were other grounds he had intended to. have
taken yesterday; but, as he was determined not to
be tedious, there being other gentlemen wjio wished
to address the House, he would, after adverting. jto
one other point, conclude his remarks. In order to
come to a thorough understanding of the subject,
they should look back into the history.of the
legislation of Congress in regard to it. After
the powers given to the constitution in rela-
tion to the election of representatives had remained
dormant for fifty years, this apportionment act was "
passed containing the section which was now the
subject of discussion. The law was passed, too, li-
ter it had been ascertained that some States could
not probably act on the subject. They had been
told, after a full discussion, that a still further
was necessary; that it was a grave and important
constitutional question, and required much discus-
sion. Prom what quarter of the House did ex-
pressions of this kind, come? It was strange to s§iy
that those expressions came from gentlemen who,
on the first day of the session, came into the House
with their judgments in their pockets, and their
verdicts entered up aginst the members elected un-
der the general-ticket system. In that protest
against the admission of the members from these
four States to their seats, and which it was attempt-
ed to be spread on the journals, contrary, to the rules
of the House, it was asserted that the members
from the States of New Hampshire, Georgia, Mis-
sissipi, and Missouri, had not a color of title to their
seats; and that their taking them was a proceeding
of a revolutionary character. Yet these gen-
tlemen had made up their verdicts; and hav-
ing done so, claimed to be the exclusive judges;
for a rule of the House had been gravely read, to
deprive the members from the four States of their
votes. They modestly expressed their surprise that
the members from these States were not restrained,
by motives of delicacy, from voting, and should re-
tire from the bar of the House, to give those who
had already made up and recorded their verdict, an
opportunity of pronouncing judgment on the case.
On this part of the subject he desired to read a de-
cision made by a presiding officer of this House, in
the celebrated case of the New Jersey elections,
which would show the views formerly entertained
by that distinguished member of the whig party
[Mr. Adams] on the subject,
Here Mr. H. read the following:
"The Chair (Mr. Adams) would here remark to
the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Rhett]
that it would be impossible for him to put the ques-
tion upon laying the motion of the gentleman from
Virginia on the table, until it was determined by the
House who should vote. It would be for the House
to decide for themselves who should be called; but
(said he) the. State of JVeio Jersey cannot be deprived of
a representation on this floor; and it shall not be, so long
as I stand in this chair."
From what quarter had come a decision so broad,
and which seemed to be so strongly tinctured with
a spirit in favor of the rights of the States to repre-
sentation? The quarter from which they now heard
that Georgia, New Hampshire, Mississippi, and
Missouri, were not entitled to their representation
here, was the one from which this decision emana-
ted. It would be well for gentlemen, who talked of
submitting this question to the decision of an ulti-
mate tribunal, to remember that they had already
decided the case themselves.
He continued to observe that he should hold his
seat to defend the rights of the people of his State
on this floor, until his right to do so was violently
taken fiom him; and in the expression of his opin-
ion on this subject, he was cut short by the expira-
tion of his hour.
Mr. BOWLIN commenced by stating the im-
mediate interest he and his constituents had in this
question—the State of Missouri being one of the
four States whose elections were in controvery—
as the reason which urged him to address the House
on this subject. He was also desirous to defend
his State, and the people of his State, against the as-
sault which had been made on them by one portion
of the members of this House, whose protest had
gone to every section of this Union, charging, as it
did, on his constituents, an act that was revolution-
ary in its character. His constituents, he said,
were a law-abiding people; and, as such, it became
