March, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Whig and Democratic principles—Mr. Clingtnan.
H. of Reps
under consideration. The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Dun-
can,] who introduced it, thought proper to devote very lit-
tle of his long speech to his merits. On the contrary, he
declared that he did not feel capable of enlightening this
House 011 auy subject; that he had never, heretofore, spoken
with that view; and that he was then about to make a speech
for Buncombe.
As I am a citizen of that county, and have the honor of
representing it on this floor, and as it has been my practice
heretofore to reply to such individuals of his party as deliv-
ered political harangues to the citizens of my county, 1 re-
gard it as proper for me to notice his effort of yesterday I
will suggest to the gentleman, however, for the benefit of
any future exhibitions of this sort which he may be inclined
to make, that he has utterly underrated the sagacity and
mistaken the taste of my constituents. They are not quite
gullible enough to swallow any portion ofhis doctrine,
however well adapted it may be to the softer heads and
coarser appetites of many of his own supporters.
During the two hours which, with the aid of his friends,
the gentleman was able to obtain, he discussed the expen-
ditures of government, democracy, and coon skins—spoke
of toryism, tariff, proscription, and the peace party—de-
nounced the bank, blue light federalism, and banners gen-
erally—condemned abolitionism, cider, and the land distri-
bution, he manifested much feeling against the Clay party
and whig songs, and went at large into the merits of bribe-
ry, fraud, the Hartford convention, Van Burenism, and
liumbugeiy, he also boasted largely of his knowledge of
Greek, treated us to a lecture on the anatomy of the coon,
and exhibited drawings of its entrials, ^ Inch he declared he
intended to have engraved, and published as a part of his
speech. In addition to these matters, he said there were
other things which he had not then time to go into, but
which he intended to write out and circulate That these
topics have any relation to the bill of the gentleman, oi to
any bill which will piobably evei be presented to this
House, will not be pretended by anybody. But it was plain,
Mr. Speaker, not only from the declaration of the gentle-
man himself, but from what \vc witnessed on this floor, and
from intimations in other quarteis, that he was. making a
regular built electioneering effort, for distribution over tnc
country. The fact, well known to everybody here, that
he lias been selected on this occasion by his paity, as was
their former custom, to promulgate their political doctrines,
gives consequence to his effort of yesterday, and furnishes
me a full apology for a reply. And if I should descend to
things which seem trivial in themselves, or unworthy of the
dignity oi this House, 1 hope it will be borne in mind that,
whatever a great party adopts as its creed is of consequence,
however trifling or contemptible it may be in itself. What-
evei our opponents regard as fitted to influence even the
least enlightened part ol the community is worthy of ex-
amination
The gentleman declared, at the outset of his remarks, that
he should not trouble himself with details, but that he
should deal in wholesale falsehoods. The latter pait of this
declaration he repeated with great emphasis. As but half
the time will be allowed me that was extended to him, I
too, will be prevented fiom going into details, but 1 design
to deal only in general facts
On the subject of the expenditures of the government, it
will not be necessary for me to say many words. The gen-
tleman from Ohio alleged that the expenses of the present
administration greatly exceeded those of Mr. Van Buren'*:
but as he did not give us the data on which he based his cal-
culations, I presume we are to take it as one of his wholesale
declarations. Taking the reports made by Mr. Van Buren's
owntofficers as true, the total e-xpenditures ofhis four years,
independent of payments on account of public debt and trust
funds, cannot be made less than the sum of $112,000,000.
But he says that many items of this expenditure were extra-
ordinary, and refers particularly to the Florida war and
some other things. Nothing, surely, Mr. Speaker, could be
more extraordinary than some of those expenditures. For
example: the sending from the forests of Florida to the city
of New Orleans forwood,so as to make it cost $20per cord,
the manner in which steamboats were employed, and many
other items. When these matters were brought to the at-
tention of the nation, in the canvass of 1840, the gentleman
and his political fr lends, so far from condemning any of
these expenditures, defended and justified them all Sir, as
they thought them right then, we are authorized m coming
to the conclusion, that if they should get into power again,
we should have a repetition of these extraordinary expen-
ditures.
To show conclusively the improvidcncc and extrava-
gance of the late administration, let me call your attention
to some other facts. When Mr Van Buren came into pow-
er, he found in the Treasuiy, including the fuuith instal-
ment which ought to have been distributed among the
States, the large sum of $17,109,473' Theie also came into
the treasury, during his term, from the sales of the United
States Bank stock, and other sources than the ordinary rev-
enue, the sum of $9,124,747! And he left a debt due, by out-
standing treasury notes, ot $5,618,612! Jt thus appears that
he not only expended all the levenues ausmg from the ex-
isting tariff, and from the sales of the public lands, but, in
addition thereto, he expended the whole of the above large
sum—viz: $31,882,732! lor he did not leave a single million
in the treasury. If he expended no more than wos necessa-
ry, then he and his party were highly culpable, because
they neglected to provide means to sustain the government,
without depriving the States, of the fourth instalment, w hich
was due to them under the existing law, and without leav-
ing the government m debt. But if the existing laws were
sufficient to provide the government with the means of pay-
ing its currcnt expenses, then it is clear that he expended
$31,882,732 too much.
Gentlemen cannot escape one or the other of these con-
clusions. But to show still moie strongly the gross mis-
management, as well as the reckless extravagance of that
administration, let me bring to the attention of the House
another iact On the 4th of March, 1841, when Mr. Van
Buren left the administration of the government, there were,
as appears from House document No. 281:
Specific undrawn appropriations of all kinds $27,134,721 30
Indefinite appropriations drawn between the
4th of March and Sist of December, 1841 1,771,267 46
Treasury notes outstanding on the 4th of
March, 1841 - - . $5,648,512 00
There were, besides other liabilities then ex-
isting, arising out of Indian treaties, balances
due militia, for navy pension fund, Post
Office debt, taking the census, printing,
Greenough's statue, and various other small
items, enumerated in document 62 and acts
of last Congress, and document 293, which,
together, make the sum of - - 3,518,835 00
Adding all these, we have the total liabilities
thrown upon the whigs, when they came
into power, to be - - - - 33,065,378 76
And now let us see what means existed to meet this heavy
liability. The total amount of revenue that came in that
year from customs, land sales, bonds of United States bank,
and all othei sources, after deducting the sum produced by
the whig tariff on luxuries, and the $2,428,247 expended be-
fore the 4th of March by the rejected administration, amount-
ed to $13,000,000. Add to this the cash on hand in the treas-
ury, $862,055, and we have the sum of $13,862,055, as the
whole amount which arose from all the sources provided by
that administration. v
How, then, stands the account/ The administration of
Mr. Van Buren left the government liable for the stun of
$38,065,378 in that year, and all the means provided to pay it
amounted to but $13,862,055, which, subtracted from the
liabilities, leaves an excess of the latter of $24,203,323. This
large sum of more than twenty -four millions can be looked
upon in no other light than a ilebt left by Mr. Van Buren's
administration. Let us now see how the account stands.
Mr. Van Buren, when he came into pow er, had, as above
stated, a .surplus ol $26,234,220 lie wont out, having ex-
pended this, leaving the government involved, above
lis means of paying, ibi the sum of $21,203,.}23.
Puttiug them together, tin.- smplus spent and the
debt left, we have the v ast sum of $50,437,543. We are
therefore brought to the startling conclusion, that
if Mr. Van Buren had come into ofticc as most of the Presi-
dents did, without any surplus on hand, he would have left
the government fifty millions in debt. Whether gentlemen
attubute this to his extiavagance, 01 simply to hi«> bad man-
agement in providing means for carrying on the govern-
ment, is not at all material Thoy must come to one of
these conclusions, and either is decisive against his capacity
to administer the government of the country.
Should the last hall of the expenditures of this year be
equal to the first, the total expenses of the present adminis-
ticition foi its four ) ears will not reach $85,000,000. This,
subtracted from the aggregate expenditures of Mr Van Bu-
ren's four y ears, as above stated, leaves the sum of more
than twenty-seven millions, show ing thereby that by eject-
ing him from office this immense sum has been savca to the
country in four years.
With respect, however, to this administration, I will say
that the whigs aie not responsible foi it geneially, and that
I feel under no obligation to defend it When Mr. Tyler
proved himsell fal«c to the whig part} , and abandoned its
principles, w e made a full surrender of hirn to our adversa-
lies. But our conveyancc was accompanied bv 110 warran-
ty either of title or soundness. The democracy took him
at their own risk. They cannot hold us responsible, be-
cause our aj>si£nment was without lecourse, and with-
out consideration It is unkind in the gentleman
from Ohio now to assail Mr. Tyler. He and his
friends might have once done so with great propriety.
They might have imitated the magnanimity of Julius Ctcsar,
who, if he loved the treason, despised the traitor. But they
did not do so, on the contrary, they courted his alliance, and
now, after having seduced, embraced, and made use of him
—having disgraced him m the estimation of all the world—
finding that he is soon to lose his official station, and that he
can no longer be turned to account, they are endeavor-
ing to expel him from the fold of the democratic party,
and turn him adrift 111 the world, friendless and alone, to de-
pend 011 its cold chanties. But he is unwilling to be thus
unceremoniously expelled He insists, through his official
organs, that, inasmuch as he has done more to defeat the
whig measuies than any one else, and thereby rendered the
greatest service to the democratic patty, he ought, in ail
fairness, to receive the nomination of their convention, af-
firms that Mr. Van Bnren has no chance to beat Mr. Clay,
and claims to be the only man 111 their ranks capable of suc-
ceeding In this, peihaps, exists the seciet cause of the at-
tack ol the member fiom Ohio He designs, by a sudden
thrust, to remove a rival from the path of his favorite. I
submit it to him, m all candor, to decide whether it is not un-
generous and ungrateful m him thus to assail his ally lie
ought not to lift ins hand against his brother.
Let us now, Mr. Speaker, proceed to inquire what are the
principles of the present self-styled "deniuciaiio party/'
about winch the gentleman from Ohio has talked so much''
It will be found, 011 examination, that this party is governed
by seven principles—as John Randolph is reported to have
said of Thomas Bitchie—the five loaves and the two fishes.
Or. in the language of John C. Calhoun, late a distinguished
leader of this party, remarkable for his pow ers of generali-
zation and condensation, and who was theieby enabled to
analyze, simplify, and reduce to a single element these vari-
ous principles, it is the "spoils party, held together by the
cohesive power of public plunder! 1
I shall endeavor to show, Mr. Speaker, in all candor and
sincerity on my part, that no injustice is done to the party
by this definition of its principles. O11 the contra-
ry, it is my delibt.iotc, well settled, solemn conviction
that the leaders of the party are held together by no other
bond whatever If an individual will only vote with them ,
if he will give them his influence in carrying elections, and
promoting them to office, he will be considered a good dem-
ocrat, no matter how opposite his opinions on ail questions
of public policy may be to those w hich they happen to be
professing at that time I intend this remark of course only
to apply to the politicians; for I am well aware that the ^rcat
mass of the party in the country are honest and patriotic,
and that they have been merely deceived by the piofessions
of democracy and love for the interests of the people, made
by their leaders.
Without travelling out of the ground _ occupied by the
gentleman from Ohio, I expect to be abio to the
truth of my position, that his party is united only upon the
principle above stated. The question which is likely to oc-
cupy more of our time during the present session tfyui any
other, is the tariff; and how does the party stand on that'
Martin Van Buren, their generally acknowledged leader,
voted not only for the tariff of 18*24, but he" also voted for
that of 1828, the highest tariff which ever existed in the
country, and which, because of it& very excess, was con-
demned by Mr. Clay, Mr. Webster, and m8ny other whigs.
Mr. Senator Wright, the confidential friend of Van Buren
always, and the present congressional leader of the party
on all such questions, not only likewise voted for that
same extravagant tariff of 1828, but he was mainly instru-
mental in carrying it through. lie even voted for the whig
tariff' of 1842, against which such an outcry is now raised;
and so did Mr. Senator Buchanan, another great democratic
leader, and but lately one of their candidates for the presi- ^
dency. I need not, how ever, multiply instances of this sort;
but will ask if the whole party aie united on tariff' princi-
ples with these prominent individuals. Not at all, sir.
When you look to the southern section of the Union, you
find among the democrats free-trade men and nulliffers, who
are utterly hostile to all tariffs, denounce them as unconsti-
tutional, systems only of fraud and plunder, and even, in,
some instances, are willing to dissolve the Union to get *id
of them. Do these individuals complain of and denounce
their democratic allies of the North for voting for these high
tariffs? No, sir. They embrace them most lovingly, stand
shoulder to shoulder with them, like Siamese twins, and
keep up a common struggle for political power. But they
do denounce Mr. Clay aud the whigs because they aie 111 fa-
vor of a moderate, steady tariff. The party is thus divided
into tv\ o sections, which profess opposite principles, with a
view of increasing thereby its political strength. In the
South there is much opposition to the tariff"; and on that ac-
count the southern democrats denounce it w itli great vehe-
mence, with the expectation of chiming in with the prev-
alent feeling oi the people there, and thus acquiring pop-
ularity lor their party: while, at the North, where the tar-
iff' policy is favored, then democratic allies arc warmly m
favor of it, with a view of carrying the elections in that quar-
ter. By tins manceuvring, they expect that each wing will
be able to hi nig a laigei capital to the common stock,
to enable them to get the control of the offices and money
of the country The whigs, on the contrary, being governed
by principle, find that their representative, Mr. Clay, is de-
nounced at the South as being too strongly in favor of the
tariff', while at the North he is charged with not going far
enough 111 support of the protective policy. Mr. Van Buren
himself is a fitting representative ofhis paity. While he
votes foi high tariff's, makes sheep speeches  t the North,
and writes letters to Indiana infavor of the protective policy,
to Virginia he writes a letter strongly denouncing it. Do
gentlemen intend to persevere 111 this system of deception7
Or do they hope to bo able to cheat the country longer by
such barefaced double dealing? Why do they not shpw us
011 this floor what they are foi? They know what the whig
tariff is, and why do they not let 11 s see theirs? The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means have had the subject udder con-
sideration some thiee months, and why have we not had a
report' What are you afraid of, sir? Is it that you cannot
unite your party 011 any bill! You have a maionty of near*
ly two to one on this floor; can you not bring them up to the
mark? Show us your hand, and let the country know what
you are for Further concealment orshufiling is no longer
practicable.
You know that we whigs are for a tariff [What sort of a
tariff are you for7 said Mr. Faynk.J I will endeavor, Mr.
Speaker, to tell the gentleman from Alabama what sortof a
tariff I am for, and what I understand the whig party to be
in fav or of. We are in favor of such a tariff as w ill produce
all the revenue necessary to the support of the govern- •
went, economically administered, witiiout the money aris-
ing from the sales of the public lands. This latter fund we
desire to see distributed among the States, to enable those
States that are indebted to pay back to their creditors what
they have borrowed, to remove the cloud which rests on
the honor of some of them, and place American credit
where it used to stand, and to furnish the States not indebt-
ed with the means of diffusing the benefits of education
among every class of their cituens, so that our voters here-
after may understand their rights as inhabitants of this free
republic, and 110 longer be the victims of the arts of dema-
gogues. And, in raising a revenue by means of duties, we
are not for adopting them on the principles of the horizontal
tariff, for which a portion of the gentleman's party w ere vo-
ting early in the session. That js a system so absurd that
it has not yet been adopted by any nation, and probably
never will exist on the earth, how ever firm may be its rest-
ing-place in the imaginations of some of its votaries.
Still less are we inclined to support such a tmfl as that
recommended m the last resolution offered, which received .
the support of the majority of the democratic party on this
fioor, and which was so near being adopted, viz: adjusting -
the duties with reference to revenue alone, and making dis-
criminations with that view only—in other words, so adjust-
ing the duties as to raise the largest sum on each article.
That system, li carried out, would throw its burdens
mainly 011 the necessaries of life, because they would come
m at any price Salt, for example, being an article of prime
nece&sitv, must be procured by everybody, 110 matter what
might be its price; and the heaviest duty would therefore
be imposed on it, under this principle, so as to get the great-
est amount of revenue: while jewelry, silks, and wines,
being mere luxuries, which nobody is obliged to Imve,
would be excluded by a high dutv. and therefore must
be admitted with a moderate one only \\ e ar<> m favor of *
no such system as this; but we do advocate such a discrim-
ination as, while it is so modified as not to be burdensome
to any class of the commuity, may afford incidental protec-
tion to our manufacturers and artisans, to sustain our own
industry against the oppressive regulations of others, and
countervail, as far as practicable, the hostile restrictions of
foreign nations. This last was- a favorite principle of Gen.
Jackson, and I commend it to the attention of gentlemen on
the other side. It was also a doctnnc of Mr. Jefferson: in
fact, he went so far at one time as to express the opinion that
we ought to imitate the Chinese; make every thing we needed
at home, and have a  little as possible to do with other na«
tions. I may add, sir, that thefp has uot been a «mgU Fresu
