£88
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Whig and Democratic principles—Mr. Clingman.
H. of Keps.
IS
have incessantly labored to keep within proper bounds, and
reduce, if possible, the overgrown monarchical power in
that country. Where, then, Mr. Speaker, does the gentle-
man from Ohio stand? Where is his party, tried by this stand-
ard? The immense expenditures of Mr. Van Buren's admin-
istration, its corrupting patronage, its. sub-treasury, the
army bill—I need not mention them, for they will start up
of themselves before your mind. All these are defended
and sustained by our adversaries, because they tend to in-
crease the power of the executive branch of the govern-
ment. On this account, they are pleased with the frequent
exercise of the veto power, m contempt of the will of the
people. If the President, seeing that a bill will be passed by
a majority oi two-thirds in spite of his veto, should refuse
to return it to Congress, and thus prevent their passing it
into a law, such an act of tyranny is applauded by them.
If he should corruptly refuse to carry into execution a law
already made, he is defended and greatly eulogized. They
desire to see a President eligible a second time to office.
When, therefore, he is once in power, if he be a selfish and
unprincipled man, instead of discharging his official duties,
his whole, attention is directed to the securing of his re-elec-
tion. Having the appointment of more than fifty thousand
officers, he selects his friends for office, and threatens with
removal all who do not electioneer for him. This system
was brought into the administration of the federal govern-
ment by Mr. Van Buren, when he became Secretary of
State. He and his friends justify it, by saying that the of-
fices of the country are spoils, which belong to the victor
-arty. The tendency of this system is to convert the office-
lolders of the country into a mercenary army of election-
eered, commanded by the President. So sensible was Mr.
Jefferson of the mischief likely to result from this condi-
tion of things, that he published a circular letter, forbidding
the officers of government, on pain of dismissal from office,
to interfere, except by simply voting, in any manner in the
elections. General Harrison did the same thing as soon as
he came into the presidential chair. But Mr. Van Buien
not only requires them to take part in his favor, but,
as the reports of the investigating committees of this
House i>rovft, they were compelled, by a threat of dismissal
from office, to pay, in proportion to the salary of each, a tax
to raise a fund for electioneering purposes. The adoption
of this system accounts for the large number of defaulters
in Mr. Van Buren's time. Officers were not selected because
they were "honest and capable," as Mr. Jefferson advised,
but because the} had tendered the party service. Hence,
after it was known that they were taking money from the
public treasury, as the published correspondence of Levi
Woodbury, the then Secretary of the Treasury, shows,
they were still retained in office, in some instances, because
they had extensive connexions, and were influential in car-
rying the elections.
While they have been supporting all these measures, so
corrupting and monarchical in their tendenc} , the gentle-
man and his party, with a'view of diverting public attention
from their acts, and deceiving the caieless and ignorant,
have been making loud and unceasing professions of repub-
licanism and democracy, therein veiif) ing the prediction of
Mr. Jefferson, that the next effort of those who maintained
the old federal doctrines to get into power would be made
after they had stolen our name. Whatever was most per-
nicious among the doctrines of the federal party they have
adopted, without its openness and honesty of purpose. Un-
der their sjstem, the executive power is advancing with
rapid strides, the public morals arc daily becoming more
and more corrupt, and, unless it be arrested, our liberties
will be lost. Sir, we have nothing to fear from foreign force.
No free government was evei destioj ed in this way. -As
long as they are animated by a proper spirit, the feeblest
nations have been able to repel invasion. JThe little
states of Greece, while they remained virtuous and ardent
lovers of liberty, were an overmatch for all Asia. They after-
wards fell a prey to the petty kingdom ofMacedon: But it
was not until the gold of Philip had penetrated into the
heart of Greece, that his steel could triumph on the fatal
field ofCheronea.
To resist the downward tendency of things, the great
whig party are united to a man now, as they ever have
been, against the extension of executive power. As a
means of effecting its reduction to proper limits, they aie
for a single presidential term, for the modification of the
veto power, for the separation of the purse and the sword,
for the reduction of patronage, for the non-interference of
government officers in elections, and for the rigid supei vi-
sion of all executive officers by Congress
We have been taught, liowevei, by bitter experience,
that principles, however good, will not cxecute themselves.
There is a man whose whole life has connected him with
these great principles. For nearly forty years his time and
talents have been devoted, in our legislative halls, to their
propagation. Once, too, in an executive station, he had an
opportunity, to some extent, of testing his sincerity, and
his conduct there was in accordance with his declarations
elsewhere I may be pardoned for saying, that the adminis-
tration with which he was connected as'Secretary of State
deserves to hold the highest place m public estimation,
when considered with reference to its ligid economy in ex-
penditure, its freedom from all usurpation of power, all at-
tempts to exercise its patronage improperly, and total absti-
nence from prosciiption foi opinion's sake. The individual
to whom I allude filled a large space m the public eye dur-
ing the last war with Great Britain There was a peace
party m that day, such as the geutleman from Ohio spoke
of, and that party selected Do M'jtt Clinton as its can-
didate for the presidency, against James Madison, the
war candidate, and Martin Van Buren, the gentleman s
favorite, was an active and most zealous supporter
of Clmton. He to whom I allude was not of this par-
ty. On the contrary, he was the most ardent advocate of
taatwar, and proclaimed, m trumpet tones, that, sooner
than submit to British wrongs, he would prefer to see
t!ie American people expire in a common struggle for "free
trade and sailor's rights " Not such free trade as some ad*
vocate in our day—the allowing foreigners to sell theirpio-
ductions here without being obliged to pav duties, while
their governments impose burdens upon *us. No, sir; it
was for the privilege of carrying our own goods in our own
ships across the ocean, without having those ships seized,
ge&vched, aud plundered, arid puy seamen impressed mto the
British service. Sir, being the most active of all our public
men, he has originated more great measures than all others
of his time. Often were they deemed bold, hazardous, and
inexpedient by his compeers; but his eagle-eyed sagacity
and enlarged patriotism did not fail to select that course
which the matured judgment of the nation approved. Some-
times he stood almost alone; yet, when his position has
seemed most critical, such has been the fertility of his in-
vention, and the extent of his resources, that he has then
ever achieved the gieatest triumphs.
For instances, let me refer you to his course in relation to
the acknowledgment of South American independence;
to the origin of the land-distribution scheme; to his .conduct
in relation to our difficulties with France; and to the intro-
duction of the compromise bill in 1833. I will advert, more
particularly, to one event of this life, which has by some
been thought rash, because there was once a diversity of
:opinion in relation to it, and because it illustrates, in
my view, some traits in his character. He was one
of the five commissioners of Ghent who closed the
war with England by treaty. The British commissioners
insisted that we should cede to Great Britain the
right to the free navigation of the Mississippi river. Af-
ter much argument, a majority of our commissioners, all
highly patriotic individuals, determined to concede the de-
mand. He, thereupon, with a full knowledge of the fact
that Great Britain, having just terminated successfully her
war with Napoleon, was piepared to turn all her arms
against us, declared that he would affix his name to no such
treat}, and that he would take upon himself the sole respon-
sibility of defeating it, and continuing the war. Circum-
stances did not render this course necessary on his part; but
no one doubted that he would, if it had been necessary,
have executed this determination. Was this rashness on
his part? Great Britain allowed us no such privilege on
her rivers. He placed a high estimate on the value of na-
tional character: he felt that, to protect it from the slightest
shade, it was well to expend much toil and treasure, and the
lives of brave men; and he knew that such a' provision
would, by the w orld, be regarded as an acknowledgment, on
our part, of a superiority which Great Britain had not been
able to obtain in a war of more than two years. Our brave
soldiers and seamen had successfully maintained our nation-
al honor, on land and on the ocean, against the red cross ol
England; and he could not think oi breaking their spirits
by any concession of superiority to her. How would the
news of such a treaty have been received by them'
What would have been the feelings of Harrison, who
had captured Upper Canada from England? What those
of Scott, Iiipley, Brown, Perry, and McDonough? What
would Jackson have said, wfio was then defending the
Mississippi itselt? How would this have fallen on the ear
of Decatur—that "Bayard of the ocean"—as he was bcai-
ing j our Hag over the sea5. ? Was tins rashness on the part
of that distinguished individual? If so, it was like the rash-
ness of Leonidas at the pass of Theimopylas. He has been
sent far in advance of the rest of his countr} men, to show
an example, to receive the first shock of the Persian inva-
sion, and to protect his country's temtoi} safe from the im-
press ol a hostile foot. And when he found that he would
be overpowered by numbers and treachery, instead of re-
treating, he held on to that pass with a firm foothold, and
won a name which time has only rendered moie illustrious.
Was this rashness on lus part7 It was the height of pru-
dence. Leonidas knew well that the dying of his little
band on that lone sea beach, in the face of the world, would
be worth more to the liberties of Greece than ten thousand
lives. Actions like this give a nation character, and elevate
the minds of her sons to such a pitch, that they have spirit
and energy to overcome all obstables.
It is the piovnice of a gref.t genius, when common minds
are bewildered and made diz/.y bj the contemplation of a
chaos of dangers, to point the path to safety. It was in an
emergency like this, that another great Greek, Themistocles,
when the allied navy was about to be separated and dis-
banded, by a bold stratagem brought on the soa-fight at Sa-
lamis, and preserved his country. But to the fertile genius,
vast sagacity, and large patnotism of Themistocles, Henry
Clay has added the. justice of his rival, Aristides, the frank-
ness of Cato, the daring of Csesar, the eloquence of Tully.
He never failed a friend or fled a foe. When the storm was
wildest, his voice has been heard loudest. When the battle
was hottest, he has ever stood in the fiont of the column.
His path has led him through many a difficulty and dangei.
At times, he nught lia\c complained of ingratitude and ob-
loquy Once it seemed as if he was destined to go down to
Ins' giave with a cloud on iiis ft me
But, ior all this, he never wavered, or hesitated, for one
moment, in his onward course Ever bearing a high heart
under adversitj, he has stood erect in the darkest houis of
the lepublic, and kept alive the spirit of liberty, and of re-
sistance to tvranny and oppression. Many of those who
started with hirn at the outset of bis career have fainted by
the way-side, or wandered away fiom their principles; but
he has been
"Faithful found,
Among the faithless, <• + v  
* # ' * * unmoved,
Unshaken, unseduced, untemfied;
Iiis loyaltj he kept, his love, his zeal;
-Nor number nor example with him wrought
To sweive from truth or change his constant mind."
He has now grown gray in the public service, and, m the na
tuie of things, cannot remain much longer on the stage of
action. And v\ ill joa permit him to go dow n into his grave
without bestowing on him the highest honors in the gift of
the nation' Will you letam the memonals of his great
spnit, in the shape of countless benefits, and turn v our back
on the giver? Fiom present indications, should Trovidence
permit him to live, we shall not long bear such a reproach,
fin, men have lived, perhaps, who were as much admired,
who excited as much enthusiasm among their cotempo-
raries, but they were men who had won renown in
camps. Their laurels were stained with blood. The red
glare of battles was on them. No mere civic chieftain ev-
er before excited such enthusiastic ardor in the minds of
his countrymen. It is a compliment to the genius of this age,
which prefers the civil virtues to mere military glory.
And w ith such principles, and such a man, what have we to
da-ad'*
The gentleman from Ohio tells the democracy to fear not;
that they will carry nineteen States, from the account
which he gives us of their defeat in 1840, I take this to be a
most extravagant boast on his part. But he complains of
our having used new and extraordinarj means m the con-
test. "We brought to bear against them, it seemb. a novel
invention of modern warfare—the log-cabin. Sir, I have
heard of troops that could not resist the charge of the bayo-
net, and of some that could not stand fire at all; but the gen-
tleman's democrats were really a peculiar set of soldiers.
We did not use against them Paixhan guns, or even torpe-
does. The rattling of a coon skin put them to flight. Accord-
ing to the gentleman, they stood arrayed like the Macedo-
nian phalnax, but a cup of hard cider was presented, and
they went down before it.
The gentleman, I do not question, has good reason to
complain of and denounce this last weapon, ss many of his
allies have doubtless fallen under it. 1 will put a epiestion
to the gentleman, the answer to which I hope he will cal-
culate m figures, if )ris army of democrats were totally
defeated ill 1840 by log cabins, hard cider, and coon skins,
used against them by one who, according to the gentle-
man's own declarations at that time, was an old dotard., kept
in a cage, who was so great a coward that he ran away
from every battle that he ever heard of, and whose most
appropriate dress was a flannel petticoat, how long m ill that
army be able to stand up against the stiegtli and spirit of the
great whig party of this day, led on by the first man of the
age? Upon what does the gentleman build his hope of
success? Ah, but he says British gold was used to buy up
votes. Well, sir, I peiccive, from the newspapers, that
money is unusually plenty in England at this time, and I
have no doubt that his democrats want it just as much now
as they did four years ago. But we used ,log cabins, and
will our forests not furnish us with materials to build them
this year? Then there were coon skins in 1S40. Yes, and
the requisite number can be procured again. Worst of all,
however, was the hard cidei. I tell him this will flow like
water this year, and it will become very hard to demociatic
palates by next November.
To be serious, however, Mr. Speaker, let me tell the mem-
ber from Ohio that he does great injustice to his. part\ when
lie says it was thus defeated I have no doubt but that he is
extremely anxious to create the impression that nothing
more serious could be brought against it, and that its over-
throw was entirely owing to these means. No, sir; you
might as well sa> that Niagara's current owes its powei and
rapidity to the bubbles that float on its surface. All the^e
things were but emblems, borne upon the vast popular cm-
rent. The large expenditures of that administration, its pi of-
ligacy, its keeping defaulters in its bosom for yeais afttr
their crimes-were known, its patronage and proscription, its
army bill, its sub-treasury, giving the President the money
power of the nation, and grinding the people in the dust un-
der its hard money system, its general contempt of the will
of the people,—these things beat the gentleman's part}, and
they will beat it again, \es. they will beat it again. Al-
ready dismay begins to be visible in the faces of the mem-
bers of the party here, and some of them are attributing the
strong current against tliem to Mr Van Buren's unpopular i-
ty. 1 have heard it suggested in some quarters that that has,
happened to him which frequently occurs to old hordes—
that, after been once distanced, have been ofi the turf a long
while, that he has bioken down in las second training If
it be, then, true that he is of his l^gs, select another horse.
We are not very particular as to who may be our antago-
nist. I regard Mr. Van Buren as a quiet, rather timid man,
of little will of his own, and inclined to go with the cuirent
of his party. These features in his character make him the
worst man of all, if elected He is the instalment of an
irresponsible body of men, that alw av & lias less moderation,
less fairness, and less conscience, than a single individual,
whatever may be his disposition naturally, feels bound, by
a regard for public opinion, to manifest* Mr. Calhoun, if
elected, would be. in many respccts, vastly superior. He
.has talents, strength of will, and pride of character, and feel-
ing conscious that the eye of the nation was fixed on him, we
should have less to dread, if, however, rumor is to be
credited, he was, a few weeks since, bartered away by hi- 
partisans in Virginia, with the concurrence of some else-
where, to Mr. Van Luren, for a share, in prospect, of the
spoils of the next presidential canvass Being stionglv
tompted by the glittering bait, it seems they camc to the
conclusion that they could make the roost of hnn by such
a sale In contemplating these individuals, one is irresisti-
bly forced to think of the S\v iss soldiers ol the middle ag'e-,
who changed sides as often as abettor bid was ofleied
By moans of the caucus system, the partisans of.Mi Van
Buren have killed ofl all the other piomimut men of the
party, and it is now too late to select another leader.
When we are charging you at the point of the bavonet,
you will have no time to change commanders. Jt you
think you can, try it. Wo care not w ho is j our leadei f we
shall have the same principles and the same men to contend
against, and we shall beat you far more cosily than we did
before. The nation, relieved from youi disastrous measuies,
and aided by a partial adoption of ours, is recovering fiom
its former ruinous condition, and it never v\ ill consent to
come under your dominion again Talk oi the campaign of
1840, as if it had exhausted our energies! Ouv ancestor
sttug^h'd through seven campaigns to achieve our independ-
ence, and wp, their descendants, taught that eternal vigil-
ance is the price of liberty, can, if neccssary, go tbioue;li
seventy more campaigns like that of is id But we ai«
taunted, from time to time, with our small numbers, on 11ns
floor. Sir, the organization of this House alfoid= no index
of the popular sentiment of the nation North <'t<rohna is
represented by a majority of democrats here: but let me till
you, Mr. Speaker, the whig majority in mv district is Ian* a
enough, if it had been distributed over the State at the last
election, to have given us a unanimous representation on
this floor. And, still, there is another district in North Car
olina stronger even in whigism than the one I am so proud
to represent. Though in this Ilousr we are but as one man,
out of it we are a thousand The bone and smew of the
country, the strength and spirit of the nation are with uc.
We have the gray-haired veteran to plan, the generous
youth to execute, and the smiles of the fair ladies to cheer
us on; and shall we not conquer? The noble banner v\e
have raised wo shall maintain at all hazards We &hdil bear
