CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
should not fall on the State of Loutsian; for it was
of the utmost consequence to the commerce oi the
whole Union, and to the general government itselt,
that this improvement should be made, ana that
speedily, by a sufficient appropriation from Con-
gress. In fact, unless something effective is speedily
done, the Red river will be no longer a tributary
of the Mississippi; its waters will flow into the Gull
of Mexico through the Atehafalaya. In that case, a.
vast amount of the commerce up and do wn the Red
river, through the Mississippi, will be lost to New
Orleans. And it was not to New Orleans alone it
was important to keep open this communication,
but to the general government; because it was the
best and cheapest mode of transporting supplies to
the forts on the western frontier, either in compli-
ance with |existing Indian treaties, or for the pur-
pose of sending necessary munitions of war, and
transporting our troops in cases of emergency. It
is supposed by many that unless, within twelve
months, something is done, the Red river will cease
to be connected with the Missis -ippi river; it will
flow down the Atehafalaya, supposed to have been
ori°inally part of the Red river, but believed to have
been, by the caving in of the Mississippi banks,
cut in twain. A very large portion of the State of
Louisiana had a deep interest in the connexion be-
tween the Red river and the Mississippi; and he had
the authority of the engineer of that Stat® to say
that, unless something was immediately done to
remove the obstruction, the communication between
the two rivers would entirely cease. He (Mr. B.)
had charts in his desk showing the situation of the
rivers, and the direction Red river is taking
through the Atehafalaya; which any senator
that pleased might examine and satisfy him-
self of the importance of the survey proposed.
It was particularly the duty of this government to
appropriate means for purposes of this kind; be-
cause, independent of the national character, and
of the improvement to be made, the government
had, by its own aet, through its authorized agent,
Captain Shreve, caused the obstruction now sought
to be removed. Before Captain Shrieve made the
cut-off, no difficulty of navigation existed, because
the whole current of the Red river -was strong
enough to keep the channel at the mouth clear from
all deposites. The cut-off made a lake as large in
extent as the Mississippi was wide, and caused a
sheet of dead water where a rapid current shfiuld
have been encouraged. He had only asked for an
appropriation of $2,000, to make the survey neces-
sary for satisfying Congress whether the required
improvement should be done or not; and, if it should,
what the expense would be. Had he called at once
for an appropriation of $50,000 to do the work,
there might be just exception that no proof had
been furnished, on the authority of a proper officer
of the government, that such an appropriation was
necessary; His purpose was to send a competent
engineer of the government to make the preliminary
survey and estimate for full information before
he called for any appropriation to carry on the ne-
cessary work. It was not a call on the govern-
ment to make a large expenditure in ignorance of
the necessity or ultimate cost of the work. It might
be said the proper officer of the government could,
without this bill, have the survey made. He, (Mr.
B.) did not know that there was any authority for
doing so in any of the departments; but he knew
very well there was no appropriation to pay the ex-
penses of the survey; and, therefore, it would not be
made, unless this bill was passed. It was the gen-
eraljfctice of the government to authorize these
preMtWy examinations; and not to conform to
that practice, would be good- grounds for objecting
to'a bill making direct appropriation for providing
with the work. His object ill this bill was, to put
Congress in the possession of the necessary infor-
mation to enable it "to (Vt understanding!)' 011 the
m Mr1" WALKER hoped the bill would meet no
opposition. Although it asks for an appropria-
tion of only §2,000, it is a bill of the grntest
importance to the commerce of the whole
Union Its object is to have a careful examina-
tion made into an obstruction of commerce,
which every navigator of the Mississippi and the
Red river unite in representing as fatal to the con-
nexion between the. t%vo rivers. All these navigators
concur in stating that, unless something is done spee-
dily, that connexion will be entirely cut off. This is
a matter which concerns the whole Union; not mere.
ly as regards the convenience of the general gov-
ernment for transporting its munitions of war to
forts on the western frontier, or supplies in compli-
ance with Indian contracts, but, what is vastly more
important, as regards the-commerce of the country
at large. The navigation of the Red river, through
the Mississippi, was important to Pittsburg; and,
ascending the Alleghany river, (originally set down
in old English maps as the Upper Ohio, which it
ought now to be called,) it brought the commerce of
New York in connexion with the whole country
watered by the Red river and its tributaries. Now,
if the obstruction at the mouth of the Red river is to
be allowed to cut off all navigation from the
Mississippi, it must be plain that a com-
plete stop will be put to this com-
merce with the Red river country, from New
York, Pittsburg, and all the towns and country
having navigable access to the Mississippi. The
obstacle having been put there by the act of the offi-
cer in the employment of the government, it was in-
cumbent or. the government to remove it. This sur-
vey would be of great importance; because, with re-
gard to the mere removal of the bar at the mouth of
the Red river, upon proper examination by a compe-
tent engineer, it might tilrn out that the removal of
that obstacle was not, under existing circumstances,
the best mode of restoring the navigable intercom-
munication betweeythe rivers. He (Mr. W.) ima-
gined that it wouldn5e found that there was another
place where the connexion could be better effected,
by opening up a bayou above the mouth of the Red
river, not more than three or four miles in length.
It was his opinion, that the channel should be brought
through that bayou. It was desirable that a com-
petent engineer should examine and report upon
the best plan of effecting the object in view. He
hoped, therefore, that this appropriation of $2,000
for that purpose, would be made without opposi-
U0The bill was then reported back to the Senate,
and ordered to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. BARROW hoped, as no objection was likely
to be made, that the bill would now be read a third
time.
The CHAIR, remarked that it had to be-engross-
ed yet.
Mr. BATES moved to postpone the general or-
ders, for the purpose of taking up the bill providing
for compensation to pension agents.
Mr. KING objected to the practice of postponing
the general ooders. By going through the calendar
regularly, every bill would come up, in its proper
order, quite time enough, without the interruptions
consequent upon making motions of this kind.
Mr. BATES remarked that it was because he did
not see any business of more importance coming
forward, that he had called for the bill making com-
pensation for pension agents. He had no disposi-
tion to press the matter out of its regular order, and
would therefore recall his motion to take up the bill.
Some matters which came up as special orders
were passed over informally; and then
The CHAIR took up several adverse reports ot
standing committees on private claims; which were
concurred in by the Senate.
On motion of Mr. .TAPPAN, the Senate, by a
vote of ayes 19, noes 18,
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 14, 1844.
The journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The following petitions were presented:
By Mr. JEREMIAH BROWN: The memorial
and proceedings of a public meeting' of the citizens o
Havre dr Grace, Maryland, signed by W. L. jNicoII,
W. H. Morris, esq., and others, appointed oil be-
half of said meeting, asking for an appropriation to
improve the channel of the Susquehanna river, at
the head of the Chesapeake bay, accompanied with
a report of Mr. Iluehes, United States civil engineer,
made m .Tune, 1837, and other papers relating
thereto. . c T
By Mr. ATKINSON: The petition of Jan** 1.
Hunter and one hundred and forty-five others, of
Norfolk, asking a modification of the eilstlM[
tariff in relation to postages, &c.: reierved to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. PARMENTER: The petit.on of
Moms and eighty-eight others citizens of Philadel-
phia, for a renewal of the naval pension laws. A so,
of Catharine Drinker, for a «aval_ pension. Also
of Wo. Speiden, for payment ot purser s stores
lost in the Peacock sioop-of-war: refened o
Committee on Naval Affairs. Also, the petition ot
Foster Henshaw and Wm. A. Shepard, for addi-
tional allowance to the militia of the revolution.
By Mr. PRESTON KING: A petition of ship-
masters and merchants, for an appropriation to Ro-
bert Huguenin, for his chart of Lake Erie, and to
enable him to complete the same. Also, a petition
of inhabitants of Potsdam, New York, to abridge
the franking privilege, and reduce the rates of
P°BySMr. FOSTER: The petition of John Reed
and ninety-nine others, citizens of Wcstmow>-
land county, Pennsylvania, remonstrating against
any reduction of the duty on salt. ^ Also, of Garrett
Cruson and eighty-one others, against reduction-of
the duty on salt. Also, of John B. Tarr and thirty-
eight others, against any reduction of the duty on
salt. Also, of John Poinlie and forty-four others,
against any reduction of the duty on salt. Also, of
Jesse Kilgore and thirty-three others, against any
reduction of the duty on salt. Also, of E. Cowan
and twenty-eight others, against any reduction of
the duty on salt. Also, of Alexander Kilgore and
forty-one others, against any reduction of the duty
on salt: referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means
By Mr. FICKLIN: The memorial of John May
and eighty-five others, citizens of Richland county,
Illinois, asking a grant of land to complete the na-
tional thoroughfare between the lakes and the Ohio,
by the improvement of the navigation of the Wa-
bash. Also, the memorial of Jas. Kusman and
forty others, citizens of Lawrence county, Illinois,
upon the same subject.
By Mr. SAMPLE: The petition of John D.
Ross and fifty-six others, citizens of Porter county,
Indiana, praying a reduction of the rates of postage,
and the abolition of the franking privilege. Also,
the petition of William M. Tatman and ninety-two
others, citizens of Jasper county, Indiana, praying
the establishment of a mail-route from Lafayette,
Indiana, via Rensselaer, Pleasant Grove, and Rev.
John Jones's, to Valparaiso, in Porter county.
By Mr. CATLIN: The memorial of Benjamin
Brown and one hundred and ninety-four others, citi-
zens of Connecticut, praying for the construction of
eertain buoys and spindles in Long Island sound,
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. BURKE: The petition of Otis Bardwell
and others, citizens of Walpole, New Hampshire,
praying Congress to remit the duties on iron which
may be imported for the use of the Fitchburg Rail-
road, or for any extension or continuation thereof
By Mr.C.M. REED: The petition of Richard Ship-
pen and seventy-four citizens of Clarion county,Penn-
sylvania, asking a reduction in the rates of letter
postaee; to allow newspapers to be carried by mail,
free in the county in which they are published; and
to alter the, rates of postage on newspapers ana
pamphlets, so as to make them more equal and
JU By Mr. J. W. DAVIS: The petition of James Ken-
nedv and thirty-nine other citizens of Daviess coun-
ty Indiana, asking a donation of land to assist m
completing the Wabash and Erie canal to Ohio river.
Also, the petition of William Coffey, and forty-nine
other citizens of Dauiess county .praying the same ob-
ject. Also, the petition of J ohn Underwood,
three other citizens of Knox county, Indiana,ask-
ing a donation of land to improve the navigation ot
the Wabash river. . , , .j
Rv Mr. YOST: Resolutions of the legisla
ture of Pennsylvania, requesting the senators mid
representatives of that State in Congiess to u. e
their influence to procure an appropriation for the
completion of the harbor at Erie. „
Bv Mr. E. J. MORRIS: Presented five petitions
' numerously signed by orttzens of Philadelphia,
praying Congress to grant an appropriation for a
(Irv dock at the navy-yard at that port.
BvBUFFlNGTON: The petition of Dasuel
HiY one hundred and five other citizens of Amstrong,
Indiana, Westmoreland, and Alleghany counUe ,
Pennsylvania, praying an increase of the duty o i
salt &c. The petition offtaniel Jordon, and "SW
others of similar import. The petition of .T. Nob, .
Nesbett and one hundred and fifty-seven others ot
• liiar iVnnort. The petition of Wnliavn C. Ma),
and seventy-six others, of similar import. The peti-
tion of Edward Carlton, and sixty-two others, cf
similar import. The petition ofWilhan lainter.aru
nne hundred and twenty-seven others, of simj-ar
import The petition of William Mansfield, and
seventy-four others, of similar import. 1 he peuuon
of Israel Hill, and eighty-eight ouiers, of simuar
import.
