292
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1844.
28th Cong Ist'Sess.
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Winthrop.
H. of Reps.
croach^ients and exactions of the Crown. Petitions
to the Parliament and petitions to the King were
then among the moist important instruments of the
popular movement. There was even a time when
the friends of freedom assumed the party name of
"petitioners," and when the friends of prerogative
and power were known, by -the name-of "abhor-
red"—abhorrers of petitions!. And these names of
petitioners and abhorrers were as common and as
general as whig and tory afterwards were, and de-
signated respectively the same party divisions. - And
there is one little anecdote of those days, which I
cannot forbear reciting with greater exactness. It
is the anecdote of a man, whose real name is not re-
corded in the pages of history, but who gave a
name to himself which will not soon be forgotten—
a man who seems to have foreshadowed something
of the indomitable spirit on the subject of the right
of petition, which has been so often manifested on
this floor by my honored and venerable colleague,
[Mr. Abams,]—a man who went in person into the
very presence of King Charles I, and presented
him with a petition, complaining of some act of op-
pression, and demanding redress. "How dare you,"
said the King, "present me such petition?" "May it
?lease your Majesty," said the man, "my name is
)are." He was rewarded for his boldness, not as
my venerable colleague was on a well-remembered oc-
casion, by a resolution of censure or impeachment,
(telum imbelle, tine ictu!) but by a heavy fine and a
long-continued imprisonment. If I remember right,
sir, the first child born in the Jamestown colony was
christened " Virginia Dare," and perhaps the name
was in honor of this stout and sturdy old upholder
of the right of petition! This supposition, however,
would invplve a slight anachronism, I fear, and must,
therefore be abandoned. I fear still more that most
of the Dare family of Virginia of the present day
would be disposed to renounce and disown such a
namesake.
But these historical reminiscences, pertinent as
they are, do not come near enough to the point, to
answer the purpose of my argument; and I proceed
to cite a case which will more clearly sustain the
exact positions I have laid down.
In the year 1668, one Thomas Skinner presented a
petition to the British House of Lords, complaining
of certain oppressive acts of the East India com-
pany. These acts were properly cognizable, it
would seem, by the ordinary 'courts of law. But
the lords, notwithstanding, determined to assume
jurisdiction, and decide upon them for themselves.
The East India company thereupon presented a
petition to the House of Commons, complaining
of the House of Lords, and denying their
right to proeeed in the premises. The lords im-
mediately took umbrage at this petition, as li-
bellous and sc&ndalous-T-as a breach of their privi-
lege and an encroachment upon their prerogative,
and proceeded to punish Sir Samuel Bernardiston
and other members of the company by fine apd im-
prisonment. A long and angry dispute forthwith
arose between the two branches of Parliament on
this particular point: how far petitions which were
presented in the House of Commons could be ta-
ken notice of in the House of Lords, or elsewhere;
■and, in the course of this dispute, the right of peti-
tion generally underwent a strict and thorough in-
vestigation. Elaborate reports were made on both
sides, and sundry resolutions were adopted. I find
no detailed record of the reports, but among the res-
olutions adopted by the Commons were the fol-
lowing:
That it is an inherent right of every eommonei of Eng-
land to prepare and present petition1? to the House of Com-
mons, in case oi grievances; and of the House of Commons
to receive the same.
It hath been always, time out of mind, the constant and
imcontroverted usage and custom of the House of Com-
mons to have petitions presented to them from commoners,
in case of grievance, public or private, in evidence whereof,
it is one oi the first works that is done by the House of Com-
mons to appoint a grand committee to receive petitions and
informations of grievances.
Incase men should be punishable in other courts for
preparing and presenting petitions for redress of grievances
to the House of Commons, it may discourage and deter his
Majesty's subjects from seeking redress of their grievances,
and by that means frustrate the main and principal end for
which Parliaments were ordained.
Sir, what fuller evidence could be given—what
stronger testimony adduced—of the importance
which was attacked, in those early days to this inhe-
rent right of petition, or of the "inviolable sanctity
which belonged to it? What significance there is in
the fact here stated, that "it is one of the first works
■*hat is done by the House of Commons, to appoint
^ grand committee to receive petitions and informa-
tions of grievances!" What an emphasis in the
idea that "it may discourage and deter his Majesty's
subjects from seeking redress of their grievances,
and by that means frustrate the main ana principal
end for which parliaments were ordained!" I im-
agine that no gentleman will desire further evidence
as to the first proposition which I undertook to es-
tablish.
But where is the evidence, that our fathers re-
garded this right of petition in the same light? Why,
sir, it so happens that in the Congress of 1789, by
which the amendments to the constitution were
agreed upon, this first article of amendment, which
is in controversy in this debate, was the subject of
some discussion. The adoption of it was opposed by
sonae of the members of that Congress. But on what
fround was it opposed? Was it on the idea which
as been. held out in this debate, that it would be
unbecoming in a free and sovereign people to pre-
sent themselves in the attitude of petitioners to this
House? Was it on the ground that the- right of
petition was not an American right, as was sug-
gested by a gentleman from Pennsylvania, I think,
during the last-Congress? No. Our fathers of that
day were fresh from the great conflicts and contro-
versies of the revolution, and they understood what
American rights were too well to broach such an
idea as that. It was opposed on the ground that the
right of petition already existed, and needed no new
assertion. It was said that it was "a self-evident,
inalienable right, which the people 'possessed.*' It
was said that "it would never be called in question."
While, on the other hand, it was contended by
the advocates of the amendment, that although it
was an "inherent, existing right," it would be well,
from its very value, to give it the additional force
and solemnity of a constitutional sanction. .
The committee who framed this report (said Mr. Benson)
proceeded on the principle that these rights belonged to the
people. They conceived them to be inherent, and all that
they meant to provide against was their being infringed by
the government.
Need I add anything more, sir, on the second
proposition which I undertook to maintain-1
Let me hasten, then, to the principle of reception,
and to those instances of refusal to receive, which
have been cited by the honorable member from
Alabama.
And first let me bring to the notice of the House
a fact of no little significance Upon this point of my
argument, which I find in the history of the East
India company case, already referred to. Among
the other resolutions reported to the House of Com-
mons on that occasion, was one in these words:
That it is the {undoubted right and privilege of the House
of Commons to judge find determine touching the nature
and matter of such petitions, how far they are lit or unfit to
be received.
I can imagine, Mr. Speaker, the triumphant tone
in which this resolution would have been introduced
to the notice of the House, had it fallen under the
eye of any one of the advocates of the rule under
debate. I confess that, at first, I was not a little per-
plexed by it myself. True, it was open to the re-
mark, that it was reported in the spirit of a protest
against the assumption of the House of Lords; and
the other resolutions by which it was preceded and
followed gave ample reason for believing that
it wns only designed to deny the right of any
body but themselves to judge as to petitions pre-
sented to the Commons, how far they were
fit or unfit to be received. Still, the language of
the resolution, as I have read it, is certainly
not quite consistent with the doctrines I have un-
dertaken to establish; and f plainly perceive the
satisfaction with which it has been heard in some
quarters of the House. But what will gentlemen
say when they learn that, before this resolution was
adopted, the word "received" was stricken out,
upon formal motion, and the word "retained" in-
serted in its place! This, sir, is the fact. Here is
record of it.* And no better proof could he furnish-
ed than is found in this deliberate change of phra-
seology, that those who made it were unwilling,
after asserting so emphatically the inherent right of
every commoner of England to present petitions, to
abridge and even annihilate that right in the next
breath, by arrogating to themselves an unlimited
right of judgment, how far these petitions were fit
or unfit to be received. They claimed only the right
to judge how far they were fit to be retained; and to
retain, I need not say, ex vi termini, implies recep-
tion.
But how is it with the examples which have been
fSee note at the end.
cited of a direct refusal to receive in the later days,
and with the standing rules of the House of Com-
mons under which these, examples have occurred?
It is true, sir, that two rules of this character were
adopted by that body more than a century ago. One
of them to the effect, "that, they would receive no
petitions against a bill, actually pending, for im-
posing taxes or duties." The other, "that they
would receive no petitions for grants 6r appropria-
tions of money relating to ,public service, not rec-
ommended by the Crown." Now, these are the
only rules of the kind which have ever been known
to the parliamentary proceedings of England; and
all the cases in which -petitions, respectful in their
terms, have been refused a reception, are found to
be ranged under the authority of these two
rules. And how am I to substantiate my po-
sition, that these rules are exceptions to the gen-
eral principles and general practice of Parliament,
and furnish no justification of the rule of this House?
I shall summon to my aid, for, this purpose, the
great authority upon all questions of parliamentary
proceeding, Mr. Hatsell; from whose well-known
work Mr. Jefferson compiled his Manual, and to
whom the highest acknowledgments are paid in the
preface to that Manual. Let Mr. Hatsell explain
these rules, and the reasons of them, in his own
words, and then let us hear what he has to say in
addition:
We see from the foregoing instances, particularly from
the precedents which are cited, and read on the 10th of
April, 1733, that \ery soon after the revolution, the House
found it necessary to establish a rule, 'that they would not
receive any petition against a bill, then pending, for impo-
sing a tax or duty." The principle upon which this rule
was adopted appears to be this: that a tax geneialb extend-
ing in its effect over every part of the kingdom, and more or
less affecting every individual, and m its nature necessarily
and intentionally imposing a burden upon the people, it can
answer no end or purpose whatever for any .set of petition-
ers to state these consequences as a grievance to the House.
The House of Commons, before they come to a resolution
which imposes a tax, cannot but know that it may very
sensibly affect the commerce or manufacture upon which
the duty is laid; but they cannot permit the inconvenience
that may possibly be brought upon a particular branch of
trade to weigh with them, when put in the balance wnh
those advantages which are intended to result to the v hole,
and which the public necessities ot the State demand fiom
them. For these reasons it has been thought better, and
more candid to the persons petitioning, at once to refuse re-
ceiving their petition, rathe.r than, by receiving it, to give
countenance to the application, and to mislead the petition-
ers into an idea, that, m consequence of their petition, the
House of Commons would desist from the tax imposed, and
impose another, which, though it might be less felt by that
branch of trade, might be more oppressive to s$me other
branch.
Upon an accurate examination of the numerous prece-
dents cited on the 10th April, 1733, (in fa\ or of the doctrine
which was then laid down by Mr. Sandys, anil those who
supported the petition of the city of London,) out of se\ en-
tj -nine cases which were then produced and read, it will be
found that there are but three which apply to this question.
The first of these is the petition against a bill for imposing a
duty of 10 per cent, ad valorem upon the woollen mannfac
ture in the year 1696-7. The resolution of the Committee
of Ways and Means upon this point brought such a cloud
of petitions from all parts of the kingdom—not only from
those who were immediately concerned in the woollen
trade, but from others who thought they might be ultimate-
ly affected by it—that it was thought advisable not even to
present the bill. And, in the very next session, in April and
June, 16Q8, the Hou«e, having felt the inconvonioncy re-
sulting from admitting these petitions, peremptorily refused
to receive the petitions which were then offered against the
taxes at that time depending.
In the following notes to this passage, the rule is
still further explained:
What Mr. Winnington afterwards said in the debate up-
on the petition against the bill relating to the trade of the
sugar colonies, proved true upon this occasion "If w e w ere
to receive all petitions against bills that ore brought in for
the laying on of any new duties, there would be such mul-
titudes ot them against every such bill, that the nation
might be undone for the want of an immediate supply lor
the public use, whilst we are sitting to hear frivolous peti-
tions against bills brought m for granting that supplv."
Commons Debates, ^ol. vii, p. 310 This reasoning does
not apply to the receiving petitions which desire the repf at
or alteration of taxes imposed m any former session, no
public service is delayed by receiving and considering
such petitions, nor can the time of the House be employed
more properly than m endeavoring to lighten the burdens
which have been necessarily imposed upon the people, by
introducing such regulations, in the manner of collecting
the taxes, as experience shall point out, oi e\fnbv repeal-
ing taxes, in instances where no regulation can make them
fit to be continued.
And now let us hear Mr. Hatsell's account of the
second of these rules:
The great number of petitions that were presented to
the House of Commons, at the commencement of the ses-
sion which began in October, 1705, from persons either
claiming an arrpar of pay as officers, or making some other
demand upon the public, mode it necessary for the House
to put some restriction upon these applications; which,
their being often promoted by members who wore friends
to the parties, and carrying ^with them the appearance oi
