Jan. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
293
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Jlbolition Petitions—Mr. Wintkrop.
H. of Reps,
justice or of charity, induced the rest of the House to wish
well to, or at most to be indifferent to their success; and hy
thib means large suras, were granted to private persons, im-
provideatlj, and sometimes without sufficient grounds.
Very early, therefore, in the next session, on the llth of
December, 1706, before any petitions of this sort could be
again offered, the House came to a resolution, "that they
would receive no petition for any sum of money ielating to
public service, but what is recommended from the Crown."
This resolution not being at that time made a standing or-
der, had no cflect beyond the session in which it was pass-
ed, so that soon after the same practice returned again; and
(the same mischiefs resulting from it) the House, upon the
iltlx of June, 1713, ordered the resolution of the llth of De-
cember to be read, and declared it to be a standing order of
5the House. From this time, whenever any petition v, hich
.desires relief by public money is offered, or any motion is
made to this purpose, before the Speaker puts tfie question
lor bringing up the petition, it has been the piactice, in con-
formity to this order, that the recommendation of the crown
should be signified by some member authorized so to do;
• and if the Chancelloi of the Exchequer, or person usually
authorized by the crown, declines to signify this recom-
mendation, the House cannot properlj- receh e the pefcfcion.
It has sometimes liappended that the Chancellor of the Ex-
chequer has, from motives of humanity, and in order not to
preclude the House from taking a petition under their consid-
eration, given the recommendation of the crown, incases of
which, even at the time, he acknowledged his disapproba-
tipn. This conduct, fiom whatever motives it ma) proceed,
is not to be approved of. It destroys the meaning and spirit
of the order, and reduces it to a mere form. The lesolution
•of the llth of Decembei has no other intention than to trans-
fer the responsibility of receiving or refusing the petition
from the House to the mimsteis of the crown. Unless,
theiefoie, the mmisteis will do their duty, by examining in-
to the nature of the claim, and the propriety of granting
any reliel; and if they find the application unfounjed, will
have the courage to inform the House of the le&ult of their
opinion, it v ould be better that the standing order should
be lepealed, and that the House should be left to act in
these, as m other circumstances, without restraint or con-
tiol.
It will be perceived, sir, from these passages, that
neither of these rules of the British Parliament goes
the length of the rule of this House. Neither of
them provides that petitions of a certain class shall
not be received at any time, or under any circum-
stances, or be entertained in any way whatever.
The first declares only that petitions against a tax bill
shall not be received while that bill is actually pend-
ing; and this, on the ground that the nation might
be undone for want of an immediate"supply for the
Eublic service, which Parliament was occupied in
earing the petitions against some particular mode
of uusiiig that supply. And it is expressly admitted
that petitions for the repeal or alteration of these
same taxes may subsequently be received. The sec-
ond of these rules stops equally short of an entire
exclusion of a certain class of petitions. Its whole
intention and operation is to throw upon the minis-
try the responsibility of all appropriations of public
money. It substantially refers all the petitions to which
it relates to the advisers of the crown, (themselves
members of Parliament,) and makes them a commit-
tee to receive and consider them. And it expressly pro-
vides that, with their endorsement, these very peti-
tion* shall be received and considered by the House.
What sort of analogy is there between rules like
these, and a rule which declares that petitions on
certain enumerated topics shall not be received at
-any time, or under any circumstances, or be enter-
tained m any way whatever!
But what does Mr. Hatsell say further on the
subject of these rules?
The House (he says in commenting on one of them)
ought to be particulaily cautious not to be over-rigid m exj
tending this lule beyond what the practice of their ances-
tors mformer times can justify them m. To leceive, and
hear, and consider the petitions of their fellow-subjects,
when presented decently and containing no matter inten-
tionally offensive to the Hous,e, is a duty incumbent upon
them, antecedent to all rule-s and outers that may have been
instituted for their own convenience. Justice and the laws
ol the country demand it from them.
Here, Mr. Speaker, is laid down, in the clearest
and noblest phraseology,in words which, after the
principles that have so often been advanced and the
practice which has so long prevailed here, ought to
be emblazoned in letters of gold upon every column
in this hall, and to be suspended on a scroll of silver
fiom the very beak of the eagle above your head—
the true parliamentary and constitutional doctrine
on the subject of petitions.
But, before enlarging upon this idea, I must say
a few words in defence of the fourth proposition
which I promised to prove, viz: that there is abun-
dant reason for believing that the framers of our con-
stitution would have been the last persons to acqui-
esce in the exceptions to this doctrine which are con-
tained in the two special rules which have just been
cited. Why, is it forgotten that our fathers had
some experience of their own on this subject of the
reception of petitions? Is it forgotten that the decla-
ration of independence itself? after reciting the various
oppressions to which the American colonies had
been subjected, goes on to state, that "in every stage
of these oppressions, we have petitioned for redress
in the most humble terms: our repeated petitions
have been answered by repeated injury!" Is it for-
gotton that Patrick Henry of Virginia, in that cele-
brated speech which is at the tongue's end of every
schoolboy in the Union, and in which he comes to
the stern and startling conclusion, "we must fight,"
presents it as the very climax of his description of
the unbearable grievances of that day, uwe have pe-
titioned, we have remonstrated, we have supplicated:
our petitions have been slighted, our remonstrances
disregarded, and we have been spurned with con-
tempt from the foot of the throne?" It is an histori-
cal fact that the petitions of our fathers were refused
a reception in the British Parliament. And on what
ground were they refused? Upon what principle
were they denied a hearing, ol* any entertainment
whatever? Sir, it was in conformity with these very
precedents which have been cited here so triumph-
antly! It was under these very rules which are ap-
pealed to so confidently" in justification of our rule!
Here is the record of the fact:
18. On the Iftth of February, a petition of Mr Mon-
tague, agent for Virginia, and a petition from Connecticut,
ami anothci from the inhabitants of Carolina, against tile bill
then depending, for imposing a stamp duty in America, being
offered, npon the question for bringing them up, it passed in
the negative.
And now, will any gentleman undertake to main-
tain that the framers oi the constitution intended to
give their assent to principles under which their own
petitions against the stamp act were refused a recep-
tion? Will any gentleman rely on these precedents,
while the words of Patrick Henry and the language
of the declaration are still fresh in his memory? No,
sir, I am sure I need not urge this point further.
Let me recur, then, for a moment, to the admira-
ble exposition of Mr. Hatsell: "To receive, and
hear, and consider the petitions of their fellow-sub'
jects, when presented decently, and containing no
matter intentionally offensive to the House, is a du-
ty incumbent upon them, antecedent to all rules and
ordeis that may have been instituted for their own
convenience. Justice and the laws of our country
demand it of them." This sentence, I repeat, con-
tains, in the noblest terms, the true constitutional
and parliamentary principle. It embraces the whole
rule and the only rule; the whole exception and the
only exception to the rule—the rule being that peti-
tions shall be received, heard, and considered; and
the exception relating exclusively to such as are not
decently presented, or such as contain matter inten-
tionally offensive to the House.
[Mr. Winthrop was here interrupted by the ex-
piration of the morning hour, and the subject was
laid over until the following day.J
January 24, 1844.
The orders of the day hav ing been called for by Mr. Ad-
ams, Mr. Winthrop proceeded with his remarks:
He said that when he was cut off yesterday, he
was pioceeding to make some comments on the
golden rule which had been laid down on the sub-
ject of petitions by Mr. Hatsell, who, by all acknowl-
edgment, was the highest authouty on the subject
of parliamentary principles and parliamentary pre-
cedents; and who had been styled by Mr. Jefferson
"the pre-eminent authority" on such matters. It
will be observed (said Mr. W.) that this rule con-
tains no sanction for the doctrine which has so often
been advanced here, that petitions are not to be re-
ceived, because there may seem to be no authority
to grant the prayer of them. And where, let me ask,
where would such a doctrine lead us in these days
and in this country? Where would it lead us in this
House, and at this very moment? Why, sir, there
is an undoubted majority of this body, who hold
that Congress have no constitutional authority to
establish a national bank; no constitutional authori-
ty to carry on a system of internal improvements;
no constitutional authority to distribute among the
States the proceeds of the public lands. I am by no
means sure that there is a majority here who would
dare to assert, in positive terms, the power of Con-
gress to protect American labor. We all know that,
m the changes of parties and of party opinions in this
country, this constitution of ours is one thing to-day
and another thing to-morrow; a straight-jacket (as an
honorable member from Virginia has termed it) to one
set of men, and a charter wide withal as the wind to
another set of men. Some of us maintain that the
power of Congress over slavery in the District of
Columbia is as clear and unqualified as its power to
I regulate commerce or to support a navy. Others
hold, on the contrary, that an exclusive jurisdiction
in all cases whatsoever does not extend to the.wise
of slavery. In the mean time, some are of opinion
that there is a power in this government to annex
Texas to the Union; while others (and myself
among the number) maintain, that such an'annexa-
tion would be a plain and palpable violation of tne
constitution, ana an utter annihilation of what little
there is left, on our side at least, of the old original
compromises on which that constitution was adopt-
ed. Where, I repeat, would the doctrine end, that
petitions are not to be received, if they ask for any-
thing which an existing majority here may deem it
unconstitutional to grant? 'It is plain that the power
to grant the prayer of a petition is a question to be
considered, and the petition must he received and
heard in order that this question may be considered.
It is always, let me add, in the power of Congress
to propose amendments to the constitution. Per-
haps the consideration of ft petition may lead to
such propositions. Perhaps this may be the very
design and object of the petitioners. This idea
alone is an ample answer to the suggestion, that a
supposed or even a real want of power to grant
them, is ground enough for a summary refusal to
receive petitions. .
But this golden rule of Mr. HatsfiJJ'S; it will be
perceived, does not stop short at the reception of pe-
titions. It declares it to be a duty incumbent on us,
antecedent to all rules and orders for our own con-
venience, to hear and consider them. And, for my-
self, I do not desire to have the rule of this House
changed at all, if it be not changed so as to meet
and embrace this whole principle. As to receiving
petitions for the purpose of laying them instantly on
the table, it is a mere evasion of the principle, and
a mere mockery of the parties. The original ex-
citement on this subject sprang up under such a rule
as that would be; and a return to it would do noth-
ing, nothing whatever, to allay that excitement. In
this one point, therefore, I agree with the honorable
member from Alabama: let us have the present rule
or none. I would only reverse the order of the al-
ternatives, and say, let us have no rule, or Jet this
rule stand as it is.
But, says the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Rhett,] where does this duty to consider a
petition terminate? How much consideration do
you claim? If you demand to have your petitions
received, and heard, and considered, why not to
have them referred? why not to have them reported
on? why not to have them granted? Now, sir, I
readily admit that it is difficult to lay down, in ad-
vance, the precise line of demarcation between the
right of petition and the right of legislation; to say
exactly where the one ends and the other begins;«or
to fix the precise measure of consideration which
will fulfil the one, without infringing on the other.
But this difficulty does not prevent our confounding
the plainest and most obvious distinctions. It was
well said by Mr. Burke, in one of his speeches or
essays, that, "though no man can draw a stroke
between the confines of night and day, yet darkness
and light are, upon the whole, tolerably distinguish- .
able." So, here, though it may puzzle us to put
down in black and whi^e the exaet boundary line
between the right of the petitioner and the right of
the legislator, yet the consideration of a prayer, and
the granting of a prayer, are, "upon the whole, tol-
erably distinguishable." -Indeed, there is no de-
gree, no gradation, no middle term, between the two
ideas. But why—why all this metaphysical subtlety
as to a certain class of petitions? You do not refuse
to receive other petitions, lest you should be en-
snared into some unavoidable obligation to grant
them. Heaven knows that there are adverse re-
ports enough made and adopted in tins House, _ in
reference to petitions which we - uniformly receive
and consider. Petitions for pensions; petitions for
the allowance of the most just claims; petitions for
the payment of the most undeniable debts; why, sir,
we make no bones of despatching a hundred of them
in a morning, on a private bill day. Whence, then,
all this anxiety and alarm, lest the reception of the
petitions enumerated in the rule under debate should
precipitate us upon some irresistible necessity to
grant their prayer?
Mr. Speaker, we ask for these petitions only that
you will treat them as you treat otW petitions. We
set up for them no absmd or extravagant pretensions.
We claim,for them no exclusive or engrossing atten
tion. We desire only that you will adopt no proscrip
tive and passionate course in regard to them. We do
mand only that you will allow them to go through
the same orderly round of reception, reference, and
