294
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1844.
Protective system—Mr. Bates.
Senate.
report, with all other petitions. When they have
gone through that round, they will be just as much
under your own control as they were before they
entered on it.
I heartily hope, sir, this . course is now about to
be adopted. 1 hope it is an advocate of the right of
petition. I hope it as a northern man with .north-
ern principles, if you please to term me so. But I
hope it not less as an American citizen with Ameri-
can principles^ as a friend to the constitution and
the Union; as one who is as little disposed to inter-
fere with any rights of other States, as to surrender
any rights of his own State; as one who, though he
may see provisions of the constitutionwhich are odious
in principle and unjust in practice—provisions which
he would gladly have had omitted at the outset, and
gladly see altered now, if such an alteration were
practicable,—is yet willing to stand by our constitu-
tion as it is, our Union as it is, our territory as it is!
I do honestly believe that the course of this House
in relation to these petitions has done more than all
other causes combined to bring the constitution into
disregard, and the Union into danger. Other causes
have indeed co-operated with this cause. Your ar-
bitrary and oppressive State laws for imprisoning
our free colored seamen in the southern ports; your
abhorrent proposals to annex Texas to the Union,
in violation of the compromises of the constitution
—yss, sir, of those very compromises on which
Adams and Hancock met Jefferson and Madison,
(to use language which -was employed in casting re-
proach upon the resolutions of Massachusetts which
were recently presented here)—these laws and these
proposals have unquestionably co-operated of late
with the denial of the right of petition in exciting
in some quarters a spirit of discontent with ourex-
isting system. But this rule of the House has been
he original spring of the whole feeling. And to
what advantage on the part of those by whom it
was devised? Have southern institutions been any
safer since its establishment? Have the enemies to
those institutions been rendered any less ardent or
less active by it? Has agitation on the subject of
slavery in this hall been repressed or allayed by it?
Have these petitions and resolutions been di-
minished in number under its operation and in-
fluence? No, sir; the very reverse, the precise
opposite of all this, has been the result. The at-
tempt of this House to suppress and silence all ut-
terance on the subject of slavery in this hall, has
terminated as did the attempt of one of the Kings of
ancient Judah to suppress the warnings of the
prophet of God. The prophet, we are told, took
another roll, and wrote on it all the words which
the king had burned in the lire, and "there were
a(fded besides unto them many like words." And
this always has been, and always will be, the brief
history oi every effort to silence free inquiry and
stifle free discussion. I thank Heaven that it is so.
It is this inherent and inextinguishable elasticity of
opinion, of conscience, of inquiry, which, like the
great agent of modern art, gains only new force,
fresh vigor, redoubled powers of progress and pro-
pulsion, by every degree of compression and re-
straint: it is this, to which the world owes all the
liberty it has yet acquired, and to which it will owe
ail that is yet in store for it. Weil did John Milton
exclaim, in his noble defence of unlicensed printing,
"Give me the liberty to know, to utter, and to argue
freely, above all liberties;" for, in securing that, we
secure the all-sufficient instrument for achieving all
other liberties.
[Mr. Winthrop's hour here expired.]
NOTE.
The proceedings of the House of Commons in the case of
Skinnet and the East India company, as they stood upon
the journals befoic they weio expunged b) the oidei of the
King, are inserted, as iollows, in the appendix to the 3d vol-
ume of Hatsell's Precedents, (London edition, 1S13.)
Die Sabbatj, 4 Dkckmrris, 1669.
The House, then, according to former order, le&umcd the
debate of the matter concerning tiials and piivileges 111
Paihainent.
The House of Commons being informed that Sir Samuel
jBernardiston, a commoner of England, has been called be-
fore the House of Lords, and hath had a judgment passed
upon him, and a fine imposed, and a record made theieof in
the Exchequer, mentioning the fine to be paid:
Resolved, fyf , That a conference bo desired of the lords
upon the matter aforesaid, and other proceedings relating
thereunto; and, also, upon the proceedings concerning
'I nomas Skinner and the East India company.
Resolved, &c., That a committee be appointed to prepare
and draw up reasons, to be insisted upon at the conference
to be had with the lords touching the matter aforesaid, viz:
Mi. Solicitor General Mr. Sergeant Maynard, See.; and the
special care of this matter is recommended to Mr. Solicitor
General, Sir Robert Howard-, and Sir Thomas Lee.
DIE MARTIS, 7 DjsctMBRiy, 1669.
Ordered, That the report of Sir Robert Howard, from the
committee appointed to prepare reasons to be used at the
conference with thfe lords, be heard this day, next after the
report from the Committee of Elections.
Sir Robert Howard reports from the committee appointed
to prepare and bring in reasons to be insisted upon at the
conference to be had with the lords, in the matter relating
to the East India company and Skinner and Sir Samuel Ber-
nardiston, that the committee had met according to the com-
mands of the House, and had taken deliberate considera-
tion of the whole matter; but found they were disabled to
prepare reasons without a ground work of some particular
heads agreed by the House, to the justification whereof the
reasons might be applied; and that the committee had pre-
pared some heads, drawn up into five several resolves,
which he read in his place, and tendered to the Hous>e fox
their approbation; and the same being again read, are as
followeth, viz:
1. That it is an inherent right of every commoner ol
England, to prepare and present petitions to the House of
Commons, in case of grievance, and the House of Commons
to receive the same.
% That it is the undoubted right and privilege of the
House of Commons to judge and determine, touching the
nature and matter of such petitions, how far they are fit or
unfit to be received.
3. That no court whatsoever hath power to judge or cen-
suie any petition prepaied for or presented to the House of
Commons, and received by them, unless transmitted from
thence, or the matter complained of by them.
4. Whereas a petition by the governor and company
of merchants trading to East India, was presented to the
House of Commons by- Sir Samuel Bernardiston and
others, complaining of grievances therein; which the
lords have censured under the notion of a scandalous pa-
per or libel; that the said censure and proceedings of the
lords against the said Sir Samuel Bernardiston are contrary
to, and in subversion of, the rights and privileges of the
House ol Commons, and liberties of the Commons oi Eng-
land.
5. That the continuance upon record of the judgment
given by the Lords, and complained of by the House
of Commons, in the last session of this Parliament, in
the case of Thomas Skinner and the East India compa-
ny, is prejudicial to the rights of the commoners of Eng-
land.
Ordered, That the report delivered in by Sir Robert How-
ard bo taken into consideration the first business to-morrow
morning.
Dip. Mkrcurii, 8 Dkcembris, 1669.
The House then resumed the consideration of the report
of Sir Robert Howard, of the heads and prososals brought
in from the committee appointed to draw up reasons to be
insisted on at the conference to be had with the lords in the
matter concerning the East India company and Skinner and
Sir Samuel Bernardiston.
The first head was twice read; and, with the addition of
the word "of," upon the question, agreed to.
The second head was i ead twice; and, with the alteration
of the woid "letanT for "receive," upon the question,
agreed.
The third proposition was twice read, and some amend
ments made theteto.
The question being put, to agiee to this proposition—
The House divided.
The noes went out.
Telleis:
Mr Morice ) K t) ,09.
Mr Steward, i
Sir J. Talbot j j,-orthe noes, 73.
< olonel Reamcs, )
And <o it was resolved in the afliimative
The iourth proposition was twice read; and the words
"under the notion of1' omitted, and the word "as'' insetted
in tiie stead of it, and the proposition thui amended, upon
the question, agreed.
The fifth proposition was read twice, and, upon the ques-
tion. agieed.
I. That it is an inherent right of every commoner of Eng-
land to prepare and present petitions to the House of Com-
mons. m case of grievance, and of the House of Commons
to teceive the same.
'2 That it is the undoubted right and privilege of the
House of Commons to judge and deteimine, touching the
nature and matter of such petitions, how lar they are fit oi
unfit to be letamed.
That no court whatsoever hath power to jud^e or ccn
sure ain petition prepared for, or presented to and received
by, the House of Commons, unless transmitted from thence,
or the matter is complained of by them
4. That whereas a petition by the governor and company
of meichants trading to the East indies, was presented to
the House of Commons by Sir Samuel Bernardiston and
others, complaining of grievance therein, whicli the lords
have censuied as a scandalous paper or libel, the said cen-
sure and pioceedmgs of the lords against the said Sir Sam-
uel Bei uardiston arc contrai> to, and m subversion of, the
rights and pnvileges of the House of Commons, and liber-
ties of the Commons of England.
o. That the continuance upon iecord of the judgment given
by the lords, and complained of by the House of Commons,
in the last session of this Parliament, in the case of Thomas
Skinnei and the East India company, is prejudicial to the
lights of the Commons of England.
Revolved, That the committee formally appointed to draw
up reasons to be used at the conference with the lords, be
revived, and do sit this afternoon, and prepare reasons and
arguments to justify the propositions agreed to, and prepare
and propose v\ hat is fit to be offered ordesired of the lor4s;
and that these members following be added to said commit-
tee, viz: Sir Walter Gouge, Mr. Seymour, &c.
Die Veneris, 10 Decembris, 1669.
Sir Robert Howard reports from the committee to which
|t was leferred, to prepare and draw up teasoas to be u*ed
at the conference with the Lords, in the matter of the East
India company and Skinner and Sir Samuel Bernardiston, to
justify the resolves of this House; and also two propositions
thereupon to be made to the Lords, which he read, and after
delivered the same in at the clerk's table; and the same be-
ing twice read, and with some amendment, upon the ques-
tion, agreed, are as followeth:
To the first, second, and third, depending on one an-
other:
1. It hath been always, time out of mind, the constant and
uncontroverted usage and custom of the House of Com-
mons to have petitions presented to them from commoners,
in case of grievance, public or private: in evidence whereof,
it is one of the first works that is done by the House ot
Commons to appoint a grand committee to leceive petitions
and informations of grievances.
2. That in no age that we can find, ever any person,
who, presented any grievance, by way of petition, to
the House of Commons, which was leceived by them,
was ever censured by Are lords without complaint ol the
commons.
3. That no suitors for justice, m any inferior court what-
soever, in. law or equity, exhibiting their complaint for any
matters proper to be pi oceeded upon in that court, are there-
fore punishable criminally, though untrue, or suable by way
of action in any other court wheresoever; but are only sub-
jectto a moderate fine or amercement by that court: unless
in some cases specially provided for by act of Parliament—
as appeals, or the like.
4. In case men should be punishable in other courts for
preparing and presenting petitions for redress of grievances,
to the House of Commons, it may discourage and deter his
Majesty's subjects from seeking redress of their grievances,
and by that means frustrate the main and principal end for
which Parliaments were ordained.
To the fourth proposition:
1. That*no petition, nor any other matter depending in
the House of Commons, can be taken notice of by the lords
without breach of privilege, unless communicated by the
House of Commons.
% Upon conclusion of the four first propositions, it is fur-
ther to be alleged that the House of Peers (as well as all
other courts) are, in all their judicial proceedings, to be
guided and limited by law; but if they should give a wrong
sentence, contrary to law, and the party grieved might not
seek redress thereof in full Parliament, and to that end re-
pair to the House of Commons, who are part of the legisla*
tive power, that either they may interpose with their lord-
ships for the reversal of such sentence, or prepare a bill for
that purpose, and for the preventing the like grievance for
the time to come, the consequence thereof would plainly
be, both that their lordships' judicature would be bound-
less. and above law, and that the party grieved should be
without remedy.
As to the fifth proposition: The committee refer to the
former reasons offered against the judgment oftheloids
against the East India Company, in the last session or Pai-
hament.
SPEECH OF MR. BATES,
OP MASSACHUSETTS,
In Senate, February 21, 1844—On the protective
system.
Mr. President: It has become necessary that 1
should address the Senate upon the subject of the
protective system; and I may as well do it upon
this occasion as upon any other, as my purpose is
to present the system to the Senate and to the coun-
try in the light in which I view it, and to obviate
some objections which have been urged against it;
But as Massachusetts has received particular atten-
tion from one senator and another, [Messrs. Mc-
Duffie and Woodbury,] it would be deemed a dis-
courtesy ill me if I did not, in her behalf, at least
make my poor respects to them, which may better
be done now than at a more advanced stage of the
debate.
The senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Wood-
bury] could not conclude his elaborate, and, I must
be permitted to say, very deceptive and delusive
speech, (although unintentionally, (without a formal
warning to the Senate, obviously designed as a
reproof to the legislature and people of Massa-
chusetts. I have pleasure in assuring the honorable
senator it will have all the effect upon them it de-
serves to have. The senator took occasion to
announce to the Senate-—not in veiy good taste,
as 1 thought—that "the , people of New Hamp-
shire are patriotic, energetic, and enterprising;
and that they shed their blood in defence
of the country during the late war." To this,
as a matter of fact, I have nothing to say, other
than that it has no connexiou with the subject before,
the Senate. But if the senator intended thereby an
implication, that the people of Massachusetts did
not shed their blood in defence of the country, then
I have to inform the Senate, that while New Hamp-
shire, numbering each of her soldiers by the times
he was called into service, furnished of militia du-
ring the war, less than five thousand men: Massa-
chusetts furnished, computed by (lie same rule,
more than thirty-eight thousand. Massachusetts
defended a seabord of six hundred miles exposure,
menaced at every point, and assailed at every as-
sailable point, while New Hampshire defended a
seaboard of pnly ten or fifteen miles in extent, and
