Feb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
295
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Protective system—Mr. Bates.
Senate.
which, so far as I remember, was gpt assailed at
all. Her whole exposure was only that of the muz-
zle of a gun in the embrasure of a fortress, Massa-
chusetts and Maine constituting the solid defences
upon both sides. Nor ought it, upon this occa-
sion, to be forgotten whose sailors they were that
fought the battle with the Guerriere, and threw the
first gleam of light upon the cloud of war that over-
shadowed us; nor whose sailors they were that
ought the battle of Macdonough, on Lake Cham-
plain; nor whose sailors they were that shared in
every other naval battle during the progress of the
war. But if the honorable senator only intended to
refer to a difference of opinion that had exitsed be-
tween the governor of Massachusetts and the Presi-
dent of the United States, upon a question of State
rights, I will only say I do not highly appreciate
ithe motive that induced it, nor the honor resulting
from it. Caleb Strong is now no more., His fame
is beyond the reach of any man to injure. He was
a senator of the United States in the time of Wash-
ington. For many years he was governor of Mas-
sachusetts. It was my happiness to live near him
as a neighbor. A purer, better, I might almost
say an abler man, I have never known.
The senator from South Carolina, [Mr. McDuf-
fie,] passing over all the intermediate States deeply
interested in the protective system, and extensively
engaged m manufacturing—not noticing Pennsyl-
vania, New York, nor Connecticut—knocked very
loudly, not to say rudely, at our door in Massa-
chusetts, and denounced us as robbers—plunderers;
told us wc had got his money, and were living upon
the fruits of his earning. Mr. President, we have
but little—nothing to boast of. The little we have,
we have dug up out of the hard earth by the labor
of our hands and in the sweat of our hrow, or we
have fished it up out of the stormy sea, or our
women and children have earned it by the light of
the lamp, or our mechanics in the workshop,
<Tr our sailors from" zone to zone, the world
over. What wc have may fairly be accounted for
by our habits of industry and economy. We have
not enough to excite suspicion of dishonest prac-
tices, much less to justify an honorable senator! a
tienatoi of South Carolina! here, in the Senate of
the United States, and in the face of the world, in
making such a charge against us.
But if we have his money—his money!—how did
we obtain it? He says we got it by the instrumen-
tality of the protective system, which he character-
izes as an "infernal system," as a "monster."
Now, sir, whether it had an infernal or supernal
origin, whether it be a monster or not, the senator
can best tell. So far as it respects the legislation of
this century in leference to this subject, the system
had its origin in South Carolina. If a monster, it
crawled out of a stagnant pool in South Carolina. It
has the palmetto stamp upon it ineffacably. It was
burned into its shell and bone in 1816. The act of that
year imposed a duty of 20 per cent, ad valorem on
cotton manufactures; bnt it provided that the square
yard, costing, with the addition of 20 per cent, if
imported from the Cape of Good Hope, or places
beyond the cape, less than 25 cents, should, with
such addition, be taken and deemed to have cost 25
cents, and should be charged with a duty of 20 per
cent, accordingly. Passing over an intermediate
act, which continued the act of 1816 in force until
1826, the act of 1824 raised the minimum valuation
of the square yard from 25 to 30 cents, and the duty
to be assessed upon it from 20 to 25 per cent.
The minimum valuation of the square yard of cot-
ton cloth in the act of 1816, is the punctum saliens
and germinating principle of the protective system
of which the honorable senator complains. It was
planted there, I understand, by a then distinguiahed
member of the House of Representatives from South
Carolina, and the immediate predecessor of the hon-
orable senator. It imposed an average duty of 75
per cent, upon India cottons, and it had the effect
to exclude the coarse article from Calcutta, and to
substitute our own more valuable and cheap cotton
fabric in its stead.
The act of 1824 was not only passed without the
consent, but against the earnest remonstrance, of
Massachusetts. Only one of her twelve members
of the House voted for it; the other eleven, with
both her senators, voting against it.
How was it with the act of 1828, which senators
have denominated an act of abominations? Who
made that act what it was? The act of 1824 was
considered as settling the policy of the government,
the capital and business of the country conformed.
But it turned out that a reduction of the impost duty
upon wool into England about that time had taken
away no inconsiderable share of the" protection
which the act of 1824 was designed to afford. , And
in 1826, being exceedingly oppressed by importa-
tions from abroad and other causes, the woollen
manufacturers applied to Congress to afford them,
under the thus changed circumstances, at least the
full benefit which, by the act of 1824, was intended
for them. A paternal government would have done
this forthwith. But sir, it became convenient to
make the protective system an instrument, or at
least a test, of party. A committee, adverse to the
specific claims of the petitioners, in January, 1828,
reported a bill imposing, for example, a duty on
molasses of 10 cents a gallon, on sail duck of 9 cents
the square yard, and like extravagant duties upon
some other articles, pressing heavily upon the
Eastern States. This act of 1828 was made what it
is by southern votes. If there be an abominable
feature in it, that feature was fixed in it by southern
votes. A motion was made to except "ravens duck"
from the duty of 9 cents the square yard. The
senator from South Carolina [Mr. McDuffie] voted
against it. A motion was made to strike from the
bill the duty of 10 cents a gallon on molasses, and
leave it under the act of 1824 subject to a duty of 5
cents. The senator from South Carolina [Mr. Mc-
Duffie] voted against it. A motion was made to
reduce it from 10 to 7 cents. The senator from
South Carolina, with other southern gentlemen,
voted against it. I ^repeat, sir, every feature of
abomination in that bill, in my belief, would have
been changed but for southern votes. And when
the bill passed the House, Massachusetts gave
eleven votes against it, and but two for it.
Now, Mr. President, does it not mount up to the
supreme of assurance in the honorable senator to
denounce the people of Massachusetts as "robbers
and plunderers" by the agency of an "infernal sys-
tem" of protecting duties—a system which was
thus originated—a system which was thus imposed
upon the State of Massachusetts? Let the Senate
judge, let the country judge, let the world judge be-
tween us.
But, Mr. President, if the Senate will pardon me,
in 1824 I diffeied in opinion from many, indeed
most of my fellow-citizens in Massachusetts, upon
the subject of a protective tariff. Peace having
been restored to Europe, and the people having
been remitted to their accustomed occupations and
Eursuits upon the land and upon the water, our
arvest of the carrying trade for other nations hav-
ing some years before that time come to an end, I
saw, or thought I saw, no other way to retain our
population but by enlarging the basis of our indus-
try, and creating a home demand and a home mar-
ket. The public roads were thronged with emi-
grants westward. Families were going, capital was
going, our young men (the best of all capital) were
going. The senator from New Hampshire [Mr.
Woodbury] speaks of ploughing up our mountains
to their summits, and of draining our swamps, and
beautifying New England, in a condition of free
trade. Sir, with the exception of some favored po-
sitions upon the rivers or elsewhere, and some land
upon the seaboard, which might serve to dry fish
upon, there is not a farm in New Hampshire or Mas-
sachusetts which, in such a state of things, I would
take as a gift, and be obliged to cultivate it. So far
from draining our swamps, and terracing our moun-
tain slopes, sir, there would not be people enough
left to tell a traveller where he could find them.
How could New England, without a market, think
of an agricultural competition with the great West5
Whether any of the Atlantic States of the South are
in the same condition now we were in then, they
best know.
Having disposed of these preliminary matters,
my purpose is now, Mr. President, to vindicate the
system; and I ask the attention of the Senate to the
subject, which, however much it may have been
talked about, has been generally but very imper-
fectly understood. And I begin, sir, by asking
your attention to the philosophy of the system, if I
may use a word of such lofty import.
Labor, it is now universally agreed, is the source
of all wealth, as well as the measure of all money
values. That which costs no labor has no price.
Light, air, water, have no price, unless labor in
some form be connected with them. An eagle is
valued at ten dollars, because the labor to obtain the
ore and make the com is woith ten dollars. It fol-
lows, then, that a nation, as well as an individual,
to be rich, must be industrious, must work; not
merely a few field hands in the fair weather of sum-
mer, but old men, infirm men, men, women, and
children, in the winter as well as in the summer, in
foul as well as in fair weather, by the light of the
lamp as well as the light of the sun, must work.
The whole physical ability of a nation must be
called forth into efficient action, aided by .the facili-
ties which the elements and the mechanic arts af-
ford, by the wonderful dexterity which a parti-
tion of labor imparts, and by the all-powerful '••and
ever active energy which the prospect of a sure and
liberal reward applies, all guided and directed by
experienced, skilful, and. master minds. The
basis of industry, therefore, must be made broad
and diversified, so as to be suited to the age,
the capacity, the infirmities, the condition of
all. Here, Mr. President., lies the unfailing,
the exhaustless mine of national wealth, It is
the only mine that is worth working. It is the mine
in which the statesman will work, m which the pa-
triot will work, in which the Christian will work, in
which all men will work, unless politicians consti-
tute an exception.
Now, sir, beyond very restricted limits, it is ob-
vious the basis of industry cannot be thus enlarged
and diversified without capital. Those who own
the capital will not invest it without a reasonable
prospect of reward. That cannot be afforded, un-
less a market is provided for the products of capi-
tal; and a market cannot be provided without pro-
tection.
But, Mr. President, you will say all this is true,
while manufactures are in their infancy—-while the
plants are taking root; but after they have become
established, after they have grown up to maturity,
why is further protection needed? I will tell you,
sir. It is necessary to give security, stability, and
safety to business. In the daytime you walk with a
firm, quick, confident step; in the darkj with a slow,
doubtful, timid step. Such is the difference in the
march ofbusiness, when a maiket is certain, and
when it is contingent. This subject was well illus-
trated by my friend from Maine, [Mr. Evans,] jji
the effect of surplus upon price, and in the advantage
of large capital and low interest over a small oapitel
with high interest. I will suppose Texas exceeded
the South in the production of cotton as much as
England exceeds the North in manufactures, and that
Texas was as dependent as England now is upon her
colonies and what not, for a market, and the South
as dependent as the North now is upon the home
market. The market of Texas, for her cotton,
would be liable to be interrupted by a thousand
contingencies—by war, by over production, by re-
vulsions in business. She might be influenced by
agricultural rivalry. Nations are selfish. Would
it be safe for the South, I ask, to take off the three
cents duty upon cotton? Would it be wise to def it?
Would -you plant with the same confidence then as
you now do? Would you plant as much? Would
you make large outlays in planting? Nay, I might
almost ask, would you plant at all? Over 5,000,000
pounds of cotton were imported into the United
States from Texas in 1842. Suppose the market
of the South was as limited as that of the North;
what would have been the effect of that surplus im-
portation upon the planting interests?
The agricultural products are all now amply pro-
tected by the act of August 30, 1842. The duties
are as follows: on hemp, $40 a ton; on flax, $20 a
ton; on beef and pork, 2 cents a pound; on bacon,
3 cents a pound; on cheese 9 cents, on butter 5; and
on lard 3 cents a pound; on wheat, 25 cents a bush-
el; on barley 25, rye 15, oats 10, and corn 10 cents
a bushel; on potatoes, 10 cents a bushel; on wheat
flour, 70 cents per 112 pounds; on wool costing over
7 cents a pound at the place whence exported to the
United States, 3 cents a pound, and 30 per cent, nd
valorem; and on cotton, 3 cents a pound. Lead
and sugar are not strictly the products of agricul-
ture, but the duty on lead is 3 cents a pound, on
raw sugar 2-; cents, and on other sugar 4 cents a
pound.
The importation of agricultural products, in the
year ending the 30th of September, 1842, (the tauff
act of that' year having become a law in August
preceding,) were as follows: Oats, 55,778 bushels;
wheat, 4,082 bushels; potatoes, 86,638 bushels;
cheese, 77,124 pounds; butter, 5,740 pounds; bacon,
59,384 pounds; beef and pork, 186,973 pounds; and
cotton, 5,340,320 pounds.
Now, sir, 1 ask, would it be safe for the fanners
to repeal these protective duties, and admit the agri-
cultural products of other nations? The senator
from New Hampshire [Mr. Woodbury] says the:-c
duties are useless; moreover, that they were de<.
