CONGRESSIONAL GLQiE.
Mr. ALLEN observed that it appeared, then,
there was no ground whatever for the assertion that
he had voted for it, as the bill passed without objec-
tion. He found, upon referring to the journal, that
it passed as many such bills pass. The senator
[Mr. Miller] said he (Mr: A.) had voted for it.
When did that senator, or any other senator, ever
see him dirty his hands by voting for such abuses
as this upon the public treasury? He rose to correct
him. He found that this bill passed the Senate sub
silentio—passed it without one recorded vote A the
Senate going to show that such a bill was ever be-
fore the body. That accounted for the fact, that the
Senator [Mr. Miller] was not apprised of the vote
upon this bill.
The Senate was an attentive body to all bills pass-
ing through it. No legislative body was ever more
so. There were occasional instances, however, dur-
ing a press of business, of bills running through it
without a general understanding of their character.
He was not aware that there had ever been such a
bill before the Senate as that passed at the last ses-
sion, to which reference was made by the senator
from New Jersey, [Mr. Miller;] and he would re-
new the motion to lay the bill under consideration
011 the table. However, he would not make that
motion until after the debate had concluded.
Mr. HANNEGAN rose to inquire what was the
estimate of the whole amount necessary to com-
plete those improvements.
Mr. MILLER recapitulated the various items,
and said the total amount proposed to be appropria-
ted was $40,443 00 for the work to be done on
Pennsylvania avenue; but there was a fiu^igr ap-
propriation of |10,000 required—namely, flHk re-
pairing and gravelling of the road from 17tfl^Rtto
Georgetown, $6,000; and for like improvement of the
road to the public burial ground, $4,000.
Mr. HANNEGAN said that, by the bill under
consideration, a sum exceeding $40,000 was to be
expended on the completion of this work; and it
seemed, in naming this sum, the committee had taken
upon themselves to cut down the estimate. He
doubted whether they were right in doing so; for
never, within his own recollection, nor within (he
presumed) the recollection of any senator present,
was it known that public work performed under the
direction of a competent engineer was properly
finished for a less amount than that estimated for by
such engineer, or other contractor; on the contrary,
the expenses were generally, if not always, above
the estimate. In this District, especially, where the
public treasury was the paymaster, actual expendi-
tures were far more apt to exceed estimates than in
the States. He knew, from his own experience,
that contractors' estimates were scarcely ever found
to be within 10 per cent, of their eventual claims.
This might not appear, at first view, to be the fact;
the work might be finished apparently for the sum
named in the estimate; but the contractors were in-
variably to be found hanging on with claims for ex-
tra work not specified in 3ie contract; and these
claims were never set at rest until paid. He joined
in the protest of the senator from Ohio against draw-
ing from a treasury far from full, so great an amount
for a purpose more ornamental than useful, while
calls from every side of the country were flocking in
for aid to complete national and essential improve-
ments. He alluded to the difficulty experienced m
obtaining the consent of the gentlemen opposite to
appropriate the comparatively trifling sum of
$150,000 for removing the obstructions and im-
proving the navigation of the rivers of the mighty
West—a national highway charged with the
freight of an empire in extent. He and others
had asked in vam for an appropriation of
§50,000 for the improvement and carrying
through the great Cumberland road, which would
have essentially benefited the population of a mil-
lion inhabitants in Indiana; and now they were ask-
ed for the same amount to improve and beautify one
mile of road in the District of Columbia. It was the
duty of the Senate to deal liberally with the District,
but not extravagantly; and he wouid therefore vote
such appropriation as was absolutely necessary for
repairing Pennsylvania avenue, but no more.
Mr. KING said the simple question was, as he
understood, whether this city, laid out by and for
the purposes of government, should be kept in prop-
er repair by the resident population; in other worefs,
whether the people residing in the city should be at
the expense of keeping in order the property of the
government' He did not think any senator would
be found to say that the people of Washington
should be taxed to keep in passable order a gov-
ernment thoroughfare. Pennsylvania avenue was
so considered from the commencement of the gov-
ernment here, and must continue to be considered
so. It was under that conviction Congress acted,
when it voted a large sum for Macadamizing that
road—under the impression that such expenditure
was for the improvement of the great government
thoroughfare leading from the Capitol to the public
departments and the President's house. The im-
provements effected by that expenditure, which, as
being of permanent service, he (Mr. K.) had his
doubts of at the time, were now worn out, and the
avenue was nearly (if not, at times, in some parts,
wholly) impassable. It was, as he before stated, a
government thoroughfare; and, as such, the citizens
have no right to be called on to keep it hi proper or-
der. They had not only as much, but more than
they could do to keep the other streets of the city in
repair. The means at their command for such pur-
poses were more than absorbed in the necessary ex-
penditures on those streets. As to the argument
held out by the senator from Ohio, that the appro-
priation was sought, for the merejpurpose of beauti-
fying or ornamenting the avenue, he (Mr. K.)
thought it would admit of a different construction.
He thought that gentlemen were not aware that it
would not only be done at a very trifling expense,
but, taking from the centre or main road, that por-
tion proposed to be added to the side walks would
actually lessen the total expense; as the paving
and gravelling of Jhe entire width now in use for
carriages could not be done for so small a sum as
the improvements provided for in the bill could be
effected. There was another object in extending
the width of the side-walks which he believed was
not generally understood.
The present grading of the avenue was altogether
imperfect, and calculated to injure all property on
it, as it did not carry off the water, which, on the
most trifling overflow, inundatedthe cellars of the
houses, ana thus destroyed perishable property, and
sapped the foundations of the buildings. The pro-
posed improvements would remove this cause of com
plaint. The grading would be raised, and a continu-
ous and permanent water-run effected from the Presi-
dent's house to the Capitol. The water would be car-
ried from the houses, and the thoroughfare kept free
from the mud banks which now'disgrace and render it
nearly impassable. The additional trifling ex-
penditure called for to carry out these improve-
ments should not be considered an object, where so
great a good was to be effected. The simple ques-
tion was, Does Congress consider it necessary to
make any appropriation for the purpose? Does
Congress consider itself bound by no obligation to
enable us to pass from one end of the city to the
other? If not, then there is an end to it. The bill was
not to relieve the citizens; it was to effect a national
good. The bill of last session, which the honorable
senator from Ohio characterized as having passed
sub silentio, was long enough befoie the Senate to en-
able every man here to make himself acquainted
with its details, and was not passed as that gentle-
man described; it was passed after mature considera-
tion, from a conviction on the part of the Senate that it
was imperatively necessary for something to be
done immediately, to pi event the thoroughfare be-
coming useless, or blocked up by mud, or broken
road. That bill appropriated $28,000 for the pur-
pose of putting the avenue in a state of repair; but
the committee to which the matter had since been
referred, recommended an additional sum of $12,000
for the purpose of making the improvements per-
manent, and of conferring many and great additional
advantages. In this view he concurred with the
committee, and recommended the bringing the mat-
ter before the Senate, with whom it would lie either
to grant the smallest possible sum to effect, tempo-
rarily, the repairs which could no longer be delayed;
or such sum as the committee recommended;
which would make the improvements permanent.
He did not think that the wants of any State or
States had any bearing on the question. The coun-
try which he came from required, for its interest,
as much improvements in roads and rivers as any
others. Their limestone roads were, in winter, cut
up, and rendered wholly impassable. The rivers
which convey the whole produce of Alabama to
Mobile, had fallen, were full of snags, and danger-
ous to navigate; yet Alabama sought no appropria-
tion to remove those obstructions in her rivers, or to
improve her roads. The necessity for appropria-
tions to clear the navigation of the Mississippi could
not be pressed on the attention of this body too often,
or in too glowing terms: for such hehad always voted,
and would always vote; but he thought that
obstructions in small streams or State roads should
be removed by the States, and not by the gen-
eral government. He asked if the Senate was pre-
pared to suffer -the avenue to .become impassable;
or were they disposed to consider what it would
take to put it in perfect and permanent repair? Some
gentlemen say $150,000 or $200,000; but it would
take no such thing. An individual who perfectly
understood the whole concern, had proposed to do
it for the sum named in the bill; other proposals
had been received from persons who had devoted
time and attention to what the expense would be;
and all concurred that the amount proposedjin the
bill would be fully sufficient. There were those
ready to execute the work, under proper superin-
tendents, and who would be bound to finish itaccord-
ing to contract, without seeking an additional dollar.
Although he acknowledged the public treasury was
not overburdened with m.oney, yet neither was it so
miserably poor as .to be unable to meet the expendi-
ture called for to improve its own property.
If gentlemen, however, were averse to taking this
amount from the treasury, let them at once sell a
portion of the immense landed property that they
(as government) owned in the city, and with the
produce let them not only make, but light streets,
which all would acknowledge was wanting, and
effect such other many essential improvements, as
tiie city required. It is said by some the city have
a right to do these things; but he (Mr. K.) told
them the city had not the means, and if it had, it
had no right to do so. It was the city of the peo-
ple—the city of the Union; and improvements ef-
fected in it were for,the benefit of all. He did not
consider the measure deserving of the strong lan-
guage used by the Senator from Ohio; it did not
call for such denunciations, but rather required
calm consideration. He could not suppose that
gentleman meant anything hurtful to the feel-
ings of other senators; for himself, he was not in
the habit of advocating improper measures, or med-
dling in any way with dirty business. He thought
the bill should pass, if the Senate was not prepared
to have the city converted into a mud-hole. As to
the additional appropriation, it was not, perhaps, so
important at the present time, although no senator
would deny how much that portion of it was re-
quired, which provided for the repairing of the road
leading to the public burial ground.
Mr. BAYARD thought the Senator from Ohio,
and the gentlemen opposed to the bill, did not seem
to understand the claims the city had on the govern-
ment. The Senator fiom Ohio supposed that the
bill of last session passed sub silentio, or was, in
other words, smuggled through the Senate. At that
time, he (Mr. B.) occupied the same position in the
Committee on the District as that now held, by
the honorable senator from New Jersey who intro-
duced the bill; and he recollected perfectly that
there was a long and detailed discussion on the sta-
tistics of that bill, raised by his lamented friend
from Missouri, who then sat on his right. So far,
then, that bill did not pass sub silentio, as complain-
ed of. The same bill now cofces from tiie committee,
who had given to it full and patient consideration,
with a demand for an additional appropriation; and
he would say to those gentlemen who were not ac-
quainted with it, that the proposal for government to
carry out the improvements provided for by this
bill were founded on these considerations. The
original plan of this city covered an area of eleven
square miles, equal to 7,134 acres; out of these, 7,134
acres, there were devoted or laid out for public high-
ways, no less than 3,604 acres; giving, in streets, a
length of two hundred and sixty-four miles, and a
width of one hundred feet. Upon this gigantic
scale was this city laid out, under the auspices and
directions of President Jefferson. Nearly one-half
of the entire extent was, as he befoie stated, laid out
ins treetsand avenues; and of what remained, govern-
ment took to itself one-half, being 10,136 building
lots and 17 squares, containing 541 acres. This
portion held by government was, and is, ex-
empt from all taxes, and was increased in value
by private enterprise; for wherever private pro-
perty was improved, it consequently enhanced the
value of the adjoining lots held by government.
While the property of government thus contin-
ued exempt from taxes, the holding of city pro-
perty by private individuals became, in m®st in-
stances, ruinous. The heavy taxes which the
municipal authorities were forced to put on, ground
down and impoverished the citizens; and many per-
sons now redviced from comfort, if not affluence, to
