March, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
299
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Oregon Territory—Mr. C. J. Insersoll.
H. of Reps.
SPEECH OF MB. C. J. INGERSOLL,
op pennsylvania.
hi the House of Representatives, March 18, 1844—
On the Oregon question.
The House of Representatives having, on Mr.
Ivgkrsoi.i.'s motion, resolved itself into a Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Hamlin in the chair,) on Mr. Ingersoll's motion
took up the resolution reported by him as chairman
of the Committee on foreign Affairs, introduced
and referred to that committee by Mr. Oiven on the
14tli of January, as follows:
"That 111 accordance with the provisions of the
second article of a convention between the United
States of America and the King of the United
Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, of the 6th
of September, 1327, continuing indefinitely the pro-
visions of the third article ,of the convention of the
20th October, 1818, relative to the joint occupancy,
by Great Britain and the United States of America,
of certain lands on the northwest coast of America,
westward of the Stony mountains, commonly called
the Territory of Oregon, the President of the United
States be requested to give due notice of twelve
months to the government of Great Britain, that,
niter the expiration of the said term of notice, the
United States of Amenca will annul and abrogate
the said convention of the 6th September, 1827, so
continuing the provisions of the third article of the
convention of the 20th October, 1818, as aforesaid.
Mr. INGERSOLL premised that, \ihile it is con-
trary to rule to divulge the personal movements in
a committee, he might, without impropriety, inform
his audience that he had never either spoken or voted
there oil the resolution which, as the organ of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, he had reported, re-
vising that of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Ow*.n;] and that, owing to several weeks1 indispo-
sition, he had never been able till flow to make
known his dissent from the committee's condemna-
tion of it. He then proceeded to say, that this dispute
whs of thirty years' standing, and that those thirty
y eai s were full of events connected with the Oregon
■Territory which strongly admonished the country
against suffering it to remain ally longer undecided.
It arose shortly after the peace of Ghent, when
England for the first time set up a claim to the ter-
ritory m dispute on the northwest coast of America.
At the period of the treaty of Ghent, so much were
our settlements confined to this side of the Missis-
sippi, and so impossible was it for any foresight to
anticipate the prodigious growth of that Titan re-
gion, that our commissioners, or at least a majority
of them, offered England the free navigation of that
river, now flowing m the very midst of our popula-
tion, and destined, no doubt, before long, to have
more inhabitants on its western than on its eastern
side. Yet within these thirty years several States and
Territories, comprehending several millions of peo-
ple, are seated there, six hundred steamboats already
navigate the western wateis, and piobably ten thou-
sand watermen; while upon the Pacific ocean as
many .American vessels, manned by at least twenty
thousand of the best sailors in the world, render
that sea an immediate appurtenance of the Territory
of Oiegon. Instead, therefore, of sharing with
Great Bntam the navigation of the Mississippi, we
have every reason for requiring the exclusive occu-
pation of the banks of the Columbia, and beyond
them more than three thousand miles further west
of what was the boundary of the United States at
the treaty of Ghent.
Not long after the controversy arose, the Secreta-
ry of State, (Mr. Adams,) in his letter of the 22d
July, 1823, to our minister in England, (Mr. Rush,)
states the importance of the disputed territory in
the following felicitous and comprehensive sentence:
"This interest is connected in a manner becoming,
from day to day, more important with our territo-
rial rights; with the whole system of our intercourse
with the Indian tribes; with the boundary relations
between us and the British North American domin-
ions; with the fur trade; the fisheries in the Pacific
ocean; the commerce with the Sandwich Islands
and China; with our boundary upon Mexico; and
lastly, with our political standing and intercourse
with the Russian empire." If such were the many and
important interests involved at that time, it is hardly
necessary, to remind the committee how much they
have increased in importance since. Some of them—
for instance, the fur trade—we have been deprived
of altogether, to the amount perhaps of a million of
dollars per annum; also of all intercourse with the
Jnclian tribes of that region.
The dispute involves a question of title. There
have been at different times various titles set up to
that country—Russian, Spanish, French, English,
and American. It is not my intention to dwell
upon any explanation of what we deem our title,
but content myself with the assertion of the princi-
ples which I believe are, on all hands, conceded to
regulate title to new and undiscovered countries.
These principles are, first discovery, followed by
actual occupation of gome part of the territory
claimed, and the right to all the regions watered by a
river and its tributaries, when the mouth of that
river is first discovered and taken possession of.
In 1822, Russia claimed the northwest coast and
the whole Pacific ocean, as what is termed a close
sea, mare clausum, appurtenant to it. Mr. Poletica,
the Russian minister at "Washington, gave our gov-
ernment notice of an imperial ukase to this effect;
intimating that all our vessels would be liable to
seizure and confiscation which should be found any
where on the northwest coast between 54 degrees
north and 37 degrees, for their claim'extended as
far as the port of St. Francisco, which is in the latter
latitude on the cost of California. Mr. Adams re-
minded the Russian minister that the Pacific ocean,
which he claimed as the close sea is four thousand
miles wide; and the controversy with Russia was easi-
ly and amicably adjusted.'But it may not be amise to
turn for a moment to the Russian minister's letter
of 23th February, 1822, in reply to Mr. Adams's,
informing him that the sea which the ukase appro-
propriated as the exclusive property of the Russian
empire is 4,000 miles wide from the American to
the Asiatic shore. The Russian minister's display
of the Russian American company's titles declares
that it rests upon first discovery, first occupation, and
Eeaceable and uncontested possession of more than
alf a century—an epoch (he significantly adds) sever-
al years anterior to that when the United States took
their place among independent nations; and to this he
gravely subjoins, that, if the imperial government had
published the discoveries of her navigators when
they were made, no one could refuse to Russia the
right of first discovery, or deny her that of first oc-
cupation, which, if it depended upon the hardness of
their names, would certainly be beyond all dispute;
for he gives them as Tchiricoff, Chlodiloff, Scribre-
anicoff, Itrasslitnicoff, Paycoff, Paushcareff, Lava-
reff, Medwedeff, Solowoeff, Lewascheff, Kreniesin,
and others equally unpronouncable. With Russia,
with Spain, and with France, we have never liad
any insuperable difficulties. It is only with Eng-
land that they have frequently proved intractable.
Some time during the war of 1812, the British gov-
ernment sent the sloop of war Racoon—the first of
that family of troublesome animals since become so
familiar in our politics—and took possession of Mr.
Astor's settlement, called Astoria, on the Columbia,
which they surrendered soon after the peace of
Ghent to our sloop-of-war Onlano, with a seeming
confession of our title to the settlement. But it
soon came to be disputed, with an assertion of Eng-
lish light to it, winch I presume we are bound to
consider as deemed well founded: for, whatever
may be the infirmities of a title, it seems to be an
exaction of national comity, that, in a controversy
between nations, when there is no umpire or tribu-
nal to determine it, whatever title the one asserts,
the other cannot deny, without disproving it. Upon
this principle, the United States have lost a portion
of their aboriginal territories in the dismemberment
of Maine by the treaty of Washington, under cir-
cumstances which 1 deem it proper to expose. This
country stands accused, by English impeachment,
besides various other misdemeanors, of want of
good faith in what is stigmatized as the repudiation
of debts—a stigma cast especially upon that State to
which I belong, and which, therefore, I think prop-
er to connect with the present dispute. The charge
is wholly unfounded, and, coming from England,"is
much worse than unfounded. No part of this coun-
try has repudiated the payment of debts, least of all
the State of Pennsylvania, which is making great
exertions, and has burdened itself with heavy taxa-
tion to meet engagements beyond its immediate
means, altogether owing to its unfortunate adoption
of the fraudulent English banking system. No in-
inconsiderable portion of the income of every Penn-
sylvanian is now taken from him to pay these debts,
which mostly originated in mere credits, and many
of them extortionate credits, by England. For the
moment, it has become unable to pay, except by
giving just such promises to pay as constituted the
only payment Great Britain made to her public
creditors for jive-and-twenty years together. Yet
are we unsparingly accused of repudiation of debts
by a nation whose prime minister, in Parliament,
confessed a total national repudiation of those prin- -
ciples of national faith hitherto deemed the only re-
liance of governments; acknowledging that, at, the
time we were negotiated out of a large part of the
old State of Massachusetts; now the State of Maine,
the British agents of this imposition held in their
hands a map, marked in the hand-writing of their
own monarch, with a line showing that they had no
title to what they insisted upon as their unquestion-
able right—no case, as one of their members of
the House of Lords said, not a leg to stand' upon.
Such was the confession in both Houses of Parlia-
ment, of gentlemen and noblemen, representing not
merely the high places, but the high breeding of
England, its character for truth, honor, and probity.
Dealing with any nation, and with all nations,
national faith is of the highest importance; and I be-
lieve I may say that the faith of the American gov-
ernment has never yet been justly impeached, if
even called in question at all. But in a controversy
such as is now pending with Great Britain, concern-
ing the northwestern boundary of the United States,
after the English public confession 1 have alluded
to, of the manner by which they contrived to deprive
us of our northeastern boundary, it seems to be
more than ever "necessary to act with them upon
none but the loftiestprinciples of national regard for
national character. The first reason, therefore, why,
in my opinion, the resolution of the honorable gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Oiven] should be adopted
by this committee is, that, until the treaty for the
joint occupation is put an end to, whatever we do
towards the adverse occupation of Oregon may be
liable to the imputation of being wanting in good
faith. I am aware that it is generally supposed,
from the official correspondence, that we may adopt
the recommendations of the President's message, so
far as to establish territorial government in the dis-
puted territory, and build a line of military ap-
proaches to it, without just complaint. But it is
also true, notwithstanding the general tenor of the
correspondence between the American and British
negotiators, that intimations of a contrary opinion
have been given both in Parliament.and Congress.
I would not, therefore, incur the slightest doubt of
the propriety of acting adversely, while the treaty
of joint occupation is in force; but make the first
step of our proceedings consist of notice thttt we
mean to put an end to that treaty in the year it pro-
vides for th.it purpose. Till the expiration of that
year 1 would do nothing, pass no act of Congress,
make no appropriation for territorial occupation or
fortification, or take any other step whatever. Such,
if I am not mistaken, was'the position of a distin-
guished senator, when this subject was discussed
during the last Congress, who has been recently ap-
pointed to the Department of State, I am happy
to learn has accepted that appointment, and will,
therefore, have the management of this negotiation.
Such, too, I think, was the argument of his honora-
ble colleague, during the delivery of whose speech
on this subject I was present in the Senate. Let us
contrast the conduct of England in the negotiation
for Maine, as proved by the confessions and
boasts of Sir Robert Peel and Lord Brougham, by
treating the Oregon question upon principles of
uberima el altissuna fides—suspend every movement,
every enactment, and remain perfectly passive, ex-
cept in negotiation, till the expiration of the year
which should close the treaty for joint occupation;
and I think it is much to be regretted that notice of
that termination of the tieaty was not given long
ago—as soon as Lord Ashburton left us without set-
tling this dispute. Not a moment should be lost in
doing it.
My next reason lor desiring the adoption of Mr.
Owen's resolution, is a constitutional position, as im-
portant, I deem it, as that of national character al-
ready briefly presented. I hold it to be incompe-
tent for the mere treaty-<making power to part with
any portion of the territory of the United States, or
settle a boundary question, without the consent and
co-operation of the House of Representatives.
Among the powers conferred by the constitution
upon the President, is that of making treaties—a
power which, since it was conferred in the peculiar
terms of the constitution, has, on more than one oc-
casion, been controverted by the most authoritative
members in this House—a power which, at all
events, should never, by the inaction of the popular
branch of the government, be rendered more formi-
dable than it is. Every President has, for many
successive years, dispensed with the positive re«
