am
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
he ^as not there to vote, for or -against it, but his
predecessors—those who represented the .seats now
occupied ou that floor by himself and colleague—
entered their protest, foreseeing the- evils it would
eventually inflict on the country; but a majority of
the legislative body then thought different, and to
their decision, his State, as in duty bound, submitted
without a murmur. «-
The senator from New Hampshire labored hard,
and he thought unnecessarily, to show that the tariff
was framed with a view to protection. There was
no argument required to show that. He (Mr. P.)
avowed that it was framed expressly to protect
and encourage the industry of the country; he would
go further, and assert, openly and without qualifica-
tion, that he would vote for no measure that disre-
garded or was adverse to this protection.
The subject was, he admitted, a complicated one,
and was presented to the public in such a variety of
forms, that it was difficult to know which to grap-
ple with first. In one section of the country it was
held up as being protective, and should be there-
fore eschewed; in another section, it was not protec-
tive enough, and consequently deserving condemna-
tion: elsewhere it was described as unconstitutional;
but on what grounds, he was at a loss to know.
When the constitution was adopted, this question
was well and maturely considered; and he believed
that the power of Congress then granted to impose
duties for the protection.of industry and commerce,
though the wants of the treasury did not require it,
had never been disputed. An unlimited power to
do so was then tranferred to government by the
States, in as extensive a sense as their several legis-
lative powers couldcon vey it; and from that transfer,
authorized by the constitution, is the power still
held. Mr. P. went on to show that neither the
framers of the constitution nor the States expressed
any wish, or had the remotest idea, of limiting or
abridging that power—a power which, from its very
nature, was conducive to the advancement of com-
merce, which was invariably blended with prosperi-
ty of revenue. The question as to whether Congress
had the power to impose duties solely for protection,
without any regard to revenue, was, at the present
day, a matter of speculation more than argument.
He was satisfied that an amount arising from duties
imposed with proper discrimination to supply the
wants of government, and leaving no surplus, would
be sufficient for the protection of the agricultural and
manufacturing interests; and he had doubts that, if
the amount transcended these limits, the effect would
be, in the end, injurious. The honorable senator
from South Carolina also approves of discrimina-
tion, and he is so far right; but he does not go far
enough, as he confines his discrimination to one
class, and does not go for the benefit of all. The
horizontal tariff which that gentleman advocates
wss, he (Mr. P.) felt convinced, impracticable.^ It
never was put in practice, and he was certain it
never would be. He supposes that a settled duty of 20
per cent, will produce as much as a duty of 40 per
cent.; so that, so far as the revenue is concerned,
there is, in Inn opinion, no choice. He advocates
low duties for the benefit of commercial operations.
Ho is sensitive for our commercial prosperity; but
we ask him to extend his views, and not shut out
the agricultural and manufacturing interests from all
share in 1ns proposed benefits. The principle on
which he acts is right, only it stops half way, taking
caie of but one interest, and leaving all the others to
do for themselves. Our commerce (Mr. P. argued)
was at all timffs the most favored branch; it at all
times experienced ihc spccial protection of govern-
ment; and if, in the revulsions which happened of
late years, it received any injury, it was finm the
system of rec.ipiocily, and not protection.
Mr. P. then entered into a history of the causes
which led to the bill of 1)342. The country had just
passed through a political revolution, which had
shaken it to its centre; domestic industry was crush-
ed; commerce was laid prostrate; trade had ceased;
the resources of the nation were dried up, and the
people were in a state of actual bankruptcy. Those
chargeable With the bill of 1842 met under the hea-
vy responsibility imposed on them by the expecta-
tions and demands of the country; they felt their
mission was to rescue her from approaching rum;
tu restore her interests, give new life to her industry,
and remedy the evils which had sprung up under
mistaken legislation. Had they failed to do so, or
disappointed the expectations of those who sent
them, they would have been hurled from their seats;
they knew that their heads (politically speaking)
depended or) their ae^jn; and, knowing that, they
carried through the tariff, and made it a law.' By
doing so, they satisfied and gave hope to the people,-
restored comparative prosperity, ana revived indus-
try. Mis P. here entered into a detail of the other
measures proposed and legislated, on by the whigs
during that session, viz:—the currency question m
relation to a bank of the United States, bankruptcy
law, and distribution of public lands—all of which,
he contended, were calculated for the public good.
He then reviewed the measures brought forward
and advocated by the democratic party, and dwelt
on the proposed sub-treasury law, the effects of
which he described would have been to collect all
the specie possible, and lock it up in government
vaults, leaving the country, with her commercial
agricultural, and manufacturing interests, to do for
themselves.
Gentlemen on the other side described the dis-
tresses of the country at the period before alluded to,
as having been caused by overtrading, and so far
they were right; but it was not overtading in domes-
tic produce. It was by overtrading in the importa-
tion of foreign goods; for which they contracted
debts that it was not in their power to meet. These
foreign debts were the evil which left the banks
no alternative but to close their doors and suspend
payments, or become bankrupt at once. It was to
meet those evils, and to avert a national bankruptcy,
that the bill of 1842 was originaly framed; ana that
it had accomplished its purpose he felt satisfied.
There was not much hoard now, though there was a
great deal said then, about State debts—those debts
which brought the country to the verge of ruin. If
the States, when they borrowed those vast amounts,
had brought the money into the country, they would
have been provided with means to meet their pay-
ments as they came due; but instead of the money
those large loans were received in calicoes and other
perishable fabrics, which, in a few' months, were
worn out and left nothing to show for two hundred
millions of dollars of State debts. Some said that
all these distresses arose from the removal of the <le-
posites; but although he allowed that was a danger-
ous experiment one mischievous in the last degree,
yet he could not admit it was the origin of the evils
which followed. No, the withdrawing the deposites
was only the first shock, that proved the foundation
of credit to be undermined. The first and great
error was in enabling foreigners to impose on us
perishable fabrics in lieu of money; and this being
the origin, the policy of the bill of 1842 was to take
the evil by the root, and by protective legislation
prevent a similar recurrence. It required not the
authority of Adam Smith, or the importation of En-
glish or Scotch books, to show the necessity in this
country for distribution of labor; and the bill of
1842 went to open and encourage a new field of in-
dustry to a surplus agricultural population.
The best way of examining the subject was to look
at things as they actually existed. If gentlemen who
rely more on theory than experience or facts chose to
indulge themselves with speculative vifrws, let them
do so. But still the facts and the results of experi-
ence would remain unchanged; and they had all
combined to prove that the act of 1842 had effected
two material improvements: first, in the condition of
the country, by giving employment to its industrial
labor; and next, by curtailing the expenditures of
the country on foreign productions of labor. The
true principle deduced from experience was applica-
ble to nations, as well as to individuals; and that
was, tp produce as much as you can by industry,
and keep your expenditures within your means.
There must, however, as regards notions, be an equi-
table distribution of industry to varied pursuits: it
would not do to devote the greatest portion of labor
to one pursuit. The great evil of this country
was, that too much of its labor was devoted
to one pursuit—that of agriculture. To correct tins
evil, the protective policy would prove efficient, by
diverting some of the excess of labor from agricul-
ture to new pursuits, creating new sources of na-
tional wealth.
While it increases our sources of production, its
tendency is, in the same ratio, to reduce our ex-
penditures abroad. The denunciation of the pro-
tective policy was, then, the denunciation of econo-
my; for true economy, as he said before, is to produce
most, and keep our expenditures within our means.
To make a nation flourish, the means of prosperity
must be given to its people. Gentlemen on the
other side asked, "were we to destroy the foreign
market, and rely alone upon the paltry home mar-
ket we could raise up?" The friends of the protect-
ive policy designed neither the one nor the other.
They relied oh the act of 1842 as the means to ani-
mate the commerce of the country, and turn the
balance of trade in its favor. They anticipated no
such effect as the exclusion of imports; for they
only looked to the restriction of their excess—a re-
striction necessary to restore the economy of the
country, and encourage its home industry. What
the country had suffered from excessive imports,
was a warning to guard against such causes of em-
barrassment for the future.
What had been the experience of the world since
"feonJfcce had its origin, but this: that a country
whil^roduces nothing can export nothing, and
consequently can import nothing? Even a country
that produces only one thing, never can be a great
exporting and importing country. Then take a
view of another state of the case. What has made
England the great and extraordinary nation she is,
but her commerce? And how did she acquire such
a commerce? She acquired her pre-eminence in
every respect by means of her steady adherence to
the protective policy. This gave effect to the ele-
ments of greatness which she possessed in the di-
versity of her pursuits of productiveness. She pro-
tected her agriculture, her manufactures, her navi-
gation, and all her interests; and we see the results
in her present pre-eminence. If we, too, study to
promote and sustain our commerce, we can devise
no more certain means of doing it than that of our
present protective policy. We must encourage di-
versity of pursuits, and give to labor a reward
sufficient not only for its maintenance, but to
leave a surplus for expenditures on something
beyond the necessaries of life—on the comforts,
if no^^ie luxuries, which yield your revenue.
have placed your people in this condi-
tio^Mfciay, with more safety, be left to them-
sehmPKgulatt; the exchangeable value of their
various productions. Contrast this condition with
that in which they were placed by your approach
to a free-trade policy. Then the country was over-
flowed with foreign importations, and the people
had not the means to purchase them. They had to
be returned unsold, because the people were too
poor to consume them. Now, the protective poli-
cy is to insure the people the ability to become
consumers of a due proportion of foreign imports.
There would be the difference between the two sys-
tems of;policy. But the evil effects did not fall on
foreign imports alone, when the people were not
able to buy them; these effects extended to our own
agriculture; for the people being poor, could not
purchase or consume, at former prices, the beef,
pork, butter, lard, and other products, which they
had been in the habit of consuming. The prices
of these articles fell one-half—in some instances to
one-quarter. These were facts—this was experi-
ence. We needed no theories of political econo-
mists on those points, for we could see them with
our own eyes.
One of the rules generally adopted was, that the
amount of a nation's exports determines the amount
of its imports; and the greater the amount you im-
port, the greater will be the amount of your exports.
Admitting that to be a well-founded rule, did not
gentlemen see the inevitable consequence with re-
gard to the protective system? It was quite obvious
that the more you can diversify your labor so as to
produce the greatest variety of desirable articles of
production for other markets, the more you increase
your ability to export, and, consequently, vour
ability to import.
The senator from South Carolina complains that
the effect of the act of J843 has been to reduce our
imports. Suppose it hau: was then*, not a £,reat
evil in excessive importation, which it was necesjary
to correct' If, in correcting this evil, we can, at the
same time, bring into new life and vigor our own
industry, do we not confer a double benefit on the
country,' 'Would the senator have us find a remedy
for the excessive imporfs which plunged the country
in debt to toreien capitalists, in the encouragement of
a still larger excess of importations and indebtedness?
What have we lost by curtailing the foreign im-
ports? Suppose wa have cut off'forty millions of
the foreign supply: can we not, if necessary, fill up
the vacancy by forty millions, the production of our
own industry.1' and can we not thereby prevent the
expenditure of forty millions of our means abroad
on foreign labor'—making a difference of eighty mil-
lions to this country. But the benefits would not be
confined to this limit; for, if our manufacturing sys-
tem could, by this policy, be built up to that eleva-
tion which our facilities authorized, might we not
become exporters of manufactured fabrics ^o ysv-
