300
APPENDIX T0 THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March, 1844.
SStph Cong 1st Sess.
Oregon Territory—Mr. C. J. Ingersoll.
H. of Reps
quirement of the constitution, that he shall make
treaties with the advice of the Senate. Preliminary-
advice of the Senate is never taken. The treaty is
negotiated in secret between the agent of the execu-
tive, and the agent of a foreign government. It is
never communicated to 'the Senate till' consummate.
It is then communicated clandestinely. The Senate
considers it in secret session. Members of the House '
of Representatives are allowed to know nothing about
it. The country remain in-utter ignorance of the whole
matter, not only until consented to by the Senate,
but until ratified by the foreign government, when,
for the first time, it is sprung and fastened upon us
all as the supreme law of the land, to which the
whole nation, and all constituted authorities, federal
and State, are bound to submit, not merely
with implicit and passive, but blind and silent
obedience. When I attempted in this House to
speak upon the treaty of Washington, I was put
down by the pievious question, and not one word
was allowed to be uttered against it. Large expen-
ditures were voted—a large sum to the State of
Maine, a large sum for the support of the African
squadron, all indispensably voted by the House of
Representatives, which was, nevertheless, not per-
mitted, except by a mere negative monosyllable,
to express any sentiment concerning the" sup-
reme law of the land, involving appropriations
of several hundred thousand dollars, unavoid-
ably made by the House' of Representatives.
Both parties in Maine, were warmly opposed to
■what the treaty gave up. They emulated each oth-
er in loud and apparently universal condemnation
of the concessions it made. I was in daily confiden-
tial communication with a respectable member of
the Maine delegation, by whom 1 was kept apprized
of what he considered the sentiments of all parties in
his State, and the unworthy means which were ta-
ken here to overcome their natural and laudable de-
termination not to submit to flagrant contradiction
and contravention of all their assertions and actions
during many years of resistance to the British de-
mands. Those demands were all conceded, by
what I shall never cease to consider a disgraceful
capitulation, which was presented to the Senate
and to the State ofMame, in such a way, and with
such appliances, as to be irresistible both theie and
here, while this House was kept in total ignorance
and absolute inaction. Now, this is a tremendous
power—a power which I will never consent to en-
large* much less to aggravate. There is 110 such
power in any other representative government—
neither in England or in France, where the crown
makes both war and peace, is there any such unlimi-
ted and absolute control, by treaties, of the popular
representation. In both those kingdoms there is
not only opportunity of preliminary action, but in-
dispensable necessity for ulterior ratification by en-
acted law, of almost any treaty that can be made.
Mr. Wheaton, 111 his valuable treatise on interna-
tional law, not only lays this down as constitutional
in England and France, but adds that even the Ger-
manic Confederation has ultimate control over the
treaty-making power of all imperial crown, where
there can be hardly said to be any representative
government. The most momentous treaty, and one
of the most important transactions of modern times—
the quintuple treaty, granting Great Britain what
she calls the right of search—was arrested by the
French Chamber of Deputies, and remains to this
time, and will probably be forever, inoperative. The
treaty had been signed by the ministers of Russia,
Prussia, Austria, England, and France. It required
nothing but the ratification of the French King.
His ambassador, who signed it in England, become
prime minister 111 France, was extremly anxious
for the King's ratification, and strongly advised it.
Yet was that monarch's action prevented by inter-
ference of the French House of Representatives—
representing not, as we do here, a constituency of
three millions, but ®f merely three or four hundred
thousand electors. The right of search, as Great
Britain claimed it, would have been the law of the
ocean, with the consent of all Europe, andgreat part
of America, including even Texas. That great mari-
time power would have been endowed with this enor-
mous maritime potentiality, and we left alone, per-
haps, in yam to contend against it, but for the timely
and irresistable interposition of the representatives of
the interest—for they can hardly be deemed the repre :•
sentatives of the people—of France, who frustrated
the design. Whether we would be authorized to
interfere with a treaty of commerce or navigation,
of amity or indemnity, I will not take upon me to
say; but when a treaty of boundary is to be ne-
gotiated, when the territory of the Union is to be
disposed of, the legislature in all its branches has a
a right, and if it has a right, it is bound to act. For
this position, I shall fortify myself by high author-
ity—that of an illustrious citizen, who, for the last
five and thirty years, has been closely connected
with all the great movements of this government:
. I mean Mr. Clay.
Mr. J. then read from the National Intelligencer,
as follows:
"In the House of Representatives; Monday, April
11, 1820, the House having resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and the following resolutions submitted some days
ago by Mr. Clay, (Speaker,) being under consider-
ation:
"1st. Resolved, That the constitution of the United
States vests in Congress the power to dispose of the
territory belonging to them, and that no treaty, pur-
porting to alienate any portion thereof, is valid, with-
out the concurrence of Congress."
I call, therefore, upon every republican member
of this House, whatever maybe his party affilia-
tion, to insist on its right ana duty to interpose on
this occasion, and take the share which belongs to
the House of Representatives in settling the north-
western boundary; and I submit that the resolution
of the honorable gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Owen] is the best advice we can give the President
of what ought to be the first step in the pending
negotiation. In particular do I call on the honora-
ble ' member from Massachusetts, [Mr. Win-
throp,] who has loudly expressed his apprehension
of the stealthy annexation of Texas to this Union
by a clandestine treaty. I appeal to all the members
of the Massachusetts delegation, and to all others
who fear the annexation of Texas, to unite on this
analogous question of Oregon, and insist on the right
of representative action on the subject.
It is due, however, to the late Secretary of State,
(a distinguished and honorable man, whose untimely
death is to be deplored as a public loss,) to let this
committee know that he was decidedly opposed to
any interference of the legislature with the execu-
tive negotiation of this question. I hold in my
hand his official letter to that effect, in answer to an
inquiry made of him by the Committee 011 Foreign
Affairs.
[Mr. Adams called on Mr. Ingersoll to read the
letter, who sent it to the Clerk's table, where it was
read, as follows:
DKI'ARlMtHT OF SlATh,
Washington, January 8, 1#44.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt ol \ our
letter ot the 6th instant, enclosing the dralt ol a joint reso-
lution concerning the Teintory ot Oregon, and to state, in
reply, that, although some preparatory steps ha\e been ta-
ken on the part of the government in respect to the subject,
a negotiation is not at present actually pending between
the United States and Great Britain for the settlement oi a
boundary line separating their respective territories -west-
ward ot the Rocky mountains. But the President has rea-
gan to beliuve that Mr. Packenliam, the nc-wly appointed
minister plenipotentiary of her Britannic Majesty, whose
arrival in this country is daily expected, will come out
fully prepared and empowered to enter upon the discus-
sion of this subject, and to treat for the adjustment of the
boundary in question. Until the views ot the British gov-
ernment shall have been laid beiore the President, no opin-
ion can he formed as to the probability of effecting a satis-
lactory arrangement of the boundary line within a reasona-
ble time. I feel, however, no hesitanc) in expressing my
conviction that the adoption by Congress of the proposed
resolution would be impolitic, and piove highly piejudicial
to the public interests.
1 am, sir, very respectfully,
your obedient servant,
A. P. UPSHUr.
Hon C .1. nr,j. rsoll,
Chaumanof the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
House of llepiesontatives.]
To accomplish a treaty (said Mr. Ingersoll) is
always deemed a distinction for the negotiator. In
European diplomacy, 1 believe it is often followed
by a pension, or some other reward. It is natural,
therefore, and even laudable, that an American ex-
ecutive should desire the exclusive honor of such
an exploit. But, after the maturest consideration
ot the subject, I cannot doubt that, instead of being
any detriment, a large infusion of popular senti-
ment, constitutionally made known by legislative
resolution, would greatly strengthen the executive
power of negotiation; and I have already said that,
on a question of territory, it is the indispensable
province of the legislature to co-operate with the
executive. Many of the most important negotia-
tions have been the result of resolutions of this
House, indicating its wish for them. The declara-
tion by treaty that the slave trade shall be treated as
1 piracy, is one and a signal instance. At this very
session, and during the last,Congress, many resolu-
tions and reports of committees were presented,
calling upon the President to put an end to a whole
class of reciprocity treaties subsisting with many '
foreign states. The Austrian mission is the result of
movements in this House; and many other exam-
ples might be referred to, if necessary, to show how
common it has been for this branch of the legisla-
ture to suggest its opinion to the executive, to be by
that department of government - carried into effect
by negotiation.
In fact the annals, of this country effectually dis-
prove the efficacy of the treaty-making power alone,
without some popular or physical support, to accom-
plish any great purpose. In another part of this
Capitol, upon the discussion of this Oregon ques-
tion, unfounded applause has been bestowed on that
power by eulogium on the great men who have
exercised it. It is true that the early diplomacy of
this country was much distinguished by the talents
of such men as Franklin, Jefferson, Adams, and
many others. But, after all, what did their treaties
do for us?. All history, ours like the rest, is full of
proof that action rules much more than negotiation
or stipulation. The first of all American treaties,
that of Verseilles in 1778, gave, it is true, the alli-
ance of France at the period of this country's ut-
most need, when struggling for independence. But
without any disparagement to Franklin, that treaty
was attributable much more to the capture of Bui-
goyne at Saratoga, than to the talents of the negotia-
tor. With all its advantages, too, it involved us in
difficulties which are still perplexing the United
States. The claim for French spoliations, now pend-
ing before Congress, and which for the last forty
years has been perpetually renewed,is the offspring of
an untoward stipulation in the the treaty of Verseilles,
by which the United States guarantied the French
West India Islands. The treaty of 1783, by which
American independence was acknowledged, was, for
ten years afterwards, subjected to continual infringe-
ment; all the efforts of Washington's early adminis-
tration were in vaili diiected against that perfidious
violation of it which withheld the western posts till
Wayne's victory of 1794; and the growing strength
of this country forced, at last, their reluctant sur-
render. The treaty of Ghent—what was it by itself,
without the victories of Lake Champlain and New
Orleans? _ Let any gentleman read Mr. Gallatin's
letter to the Secretary of State of 25th December,
1814, announcing the signature of that treaty, and
he must be satisfied that it was by victories here, not
negotiation there, that the war of 1812 was brought
to a successful termination. If New Orleans had
fallen, that treaty would have been the most disas-
trous event in the annals of this country. I must
say, therefore, that I rely much more upon popular
sentiment and transaction, than upon any negotia-
tion, for effecting any great purpose. What can be
expected from negotiation respecting the Oregon
Territory? Is any so infatuated as to flatter him-
self that we shall negotiate those out of Oregon who
have negotiated us out of Maine? I can entertain
no such expectation; and while I think that nothing
provoking, offensive, or hostile, should be either
done or said, I am convinced that there is but one
way to success, and that is by temperate, deliberate,
patient, constant, and open transaction, beginning
with notice of closing treaty consent for joint occu-
pation, by making known the anxious wish and sol-
emn determination of a united people; by the action
of this House sustaining that of the executive; and
by those earnest, well considered, and public appeals
to the justice, the good sense, and the policy of
Greet B itain, which there is reason to hope might
not be altogether unavailing.
In this way it is possible that some compromise
satisfactory to both parties may be effected. In any
other way it is hopeless; and to consign the matter
to the secret recesses, the interminable delays, and,
after all, the equivocal protocols of diplomacy—stip-
ulations always liable to misinterpretation and dis-
pute—is to do nothing that will ever be acceptable or
effectual. We already experience in the Washing-
ton treaty, not yet two years old, how liable the
most carefully-contrived written instruments are to
contradictory constructions. Several of the clauses
of that instrument are in open contest between the
constituted authorities of the two countries. In the
correspondence upon our tables respecting the fugi-
tive slaves from Florida, Mr. Upshur expressly de-
clares that if the British government persevere in
construing one of the articles of that treaty as they
have construed it, the President will have no option
but to give the stipulated notice of its termination,
