March, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLGBfi.
mi
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Oregon Territory—Mr. C. J. Ingersoll.
H. of Reps.
The manner in which that treaty was brought about,
to which I have already alluded, the conduct of our
own negotiator, and the unworthy boasts of mem-
bers of the British legislature, have greatly added to
the difficulties of the adjustment of the Oregon ques-
tion.
After all, the President may, if he thinks proper,
disregard any resolution of this House on the sub-
ject; but if I were his constitutional adviser, or per-
sonal friend, most assuredly would I take leave to
counsel him to fortify himself, by'some expression,
from those who immediately represent the people of
the United States; especially if that opinion be that,
in their view of the subject, his first and immediate
step should be respectfully, pacifically, and as inof-
fensively as possible, to give notice to the British
government that, in a twelvemonth, our untoward
consent, by treaty, to their joint occupation of the
disputed territory, must be withdrawn. It is com
mon enough, to oe sure, after difficulties occur, to
wonder why they were not anticipated, and easy to
perceive how they might have been prevented. But
after all that has taken place since the treaty of joint
occupation ija 1818, the stupendous development of
western population and power—Chicago now not as
far off as Detroit was then—it is lamentable that we
ever agreed to be, coupled in that yoke.
Will, then, notice of terminating the treaty imply
any disrespect—insult, as is charged—anything of-
fensive or improper to the British government, or the
estimable gentleman lately arrived here as its official
representative? Surely not. How can it be so con-
sidered.-1 When Russia, a great power with which
the United States have always been on the most
amicable terms, in 1822 beset us with the menace
I have before mentioned, the Secretary of States,
(Mr. Adams's) answer was extremely laconic and
explicit. But no offence was taken. And I submit
that, for England to take offence at our notice of ter-
minating the treaty, would put her in the wrong
before all the impartial world; while, if this House
should advise swell notice, the executive would be
provided with an unexceptionable reason for giving
it, or he might, in the course of the negotiation, refer
to that advice without ever, or immediately, acting
on it. * . .
But it is said to be the first step to hostilities. I
utterly deny it. It would be no more than earnest of
being in earnest, tending to abridge negotiation, but
not at all to embroil or exasperate it. Mr. Gallatin,
our minister in England, writing in London the
25th November, 1826, informs Mr. Secretary Clay,
that Mr. Huskisson said it would be lamenta-
ble that in this, age, two such nations as the United
States and Great Britain should be drawn to a rup-
ture on such a subject as the uncultivated wilds of
the northwest coast. I heartily concur in that sen-
timent. England, in India and China, has waged
ambitious and aggressive remote wars of conquest.
But I cannot impute to that government such ruth-
less and inhuman alacrity for conflict, as to believe
that it would plunge us into war on the banks of the
Columbiafor the hunting grounds of a fur company
It would be infinitely worse than the affair of Noot-
ka Sound with Spain, which is much misrepre-
sented by British historians. At any rate, if con-
flict should ensue, it could not be till patient and
protracted endeavors to prevent it.
And here I must dwell a little to refute this whole
war argument with which the country has been
misled. It was that which the American negotia-
tor of the Washington treaty, taking his cue from
the British envoy, alleged as the alternative he
saved us from then, and continually vaunt as the
fruit of their labors. There was no such alternative.
Lord Ashburton might have gone home, re infecta,
nothing done, and there would have been no war.
The danger then was not perhaps as remote as now.
But our rejection of all the British overtures, and
sending their negotiator home, though it might have
excited some coolness between the two countries,
would not have produced hostilities. Still less is
there reasonable ground to apprehend them from
any misunderstanding concerning the northwestern
territory. There might even be collision, conflict,
bloodshed, and ill blood, without war. There can
be no war on our part without deliberate declaration
of it by Congress, and I think it is altogether a mis-
apprehension of the issue between the two countries
to suppose that any war is like to be the offspring
of it.
I shall not, however, hesitate to confront the war
view of the subject. The peculiar relations between
the United States and Great Britain are felt by all.
Kecollections of the only two wars which? on com-
pulsion, we have waged, their bitter impressions, and
their national glories, are in every American heart.
The charge of repudiation of debts, the last in a long
British specification of American misdemeanors; the
ribald vituperation of the British press, colonial and
metropolitan, periodical, historical, and even scientif-
ic; the threats even in Parliament to desolate our slave
States with fire and sword;—in a word, the numerous
expositions of unmanly animosity against the peo-
ple,'the government, the manners, morals, and senti-
ments of this country; repeated aggressions on the
ocean and our soil;—all this could hardly fail of reac-
tion. It has, as it should, provoked deep seated and
pervading feelings of defiance and "dislike. A fool-
ish veneration too, of England, which prevails with
some of the upstart aristocracy of our seaports, the
money mongers and their too numerous dependants,
aggravates the popular estrangement from the Eng-
lish. Frequent misunderstanding, and that of an
exasperating kind, from withholdingthefrontierposts
and impressing our seamen, down to denying our
right to what many of our people hold as property,
by English grant and approval, encroachments on
our soil, for a series of years, wanton violation of
our navigation, ministers fuel to smothered flames,
always ready to burst out in consuming fires. And
many wise and peacable men who deprecate and de-
plore war, apprehend that a third contest is to be
forced upon us, bitterer, fiercer and more fatal than the
last—fatal to one or the other combatant. Now, no
right minded American would excite or hasten that
struggle. But may not the United States stand be-
fore the world clear of aggression? They may have
been wrong; but were they ever the first or rash
wrong doers? In this affair of Oregon, how patient,
forbearing, and conceding has been the constant
conduct of the American government' All the pres-
ent difficulty proceeds from this. Great Britain
comes over the broad Atlantic in 1844, as she did in
1812 and m 1775, to dispossess us of what mature
seems to give as ours. Now, as then, we deprecate
war, with prolonged and anxious importunity of ne-
gotiation. When the American blow was struck in
1775 and 1812, will any say it was the first blow?
We are a covetous people, say the English, grasp-
ing for land, and never satisfied with that which we
have. Granted, for argument's sake. But has their
government ever grasped land by aggression, except
from the savages doomed to yield it to civilized set-
tlements?
What de we want with Oregon? Have we not
land enough? The objection should have. been
made to Columbus, to Cabot, or to Boone. A
spirit of restless enterprise, roaming far from home,
seeking adventures in the wilderness, contention
with its difficulties and inhabitants, are aboriginal
characteristics of every part of these United States.
If possible, would it be wise to curb or cabin this
unquiet energy? We hear of the virtues of pilgrim
ancestors, their systems of free schools, free com-
monwealth, free church. But (with reverencc be it
said) neither piety nor learning alone has filled up
the wastes of North America with thriving, brave,
.and enterprising people. Exterminating conflict
with the savage masters of the soil, laborious reduc-
tion of trackless forests into seats of habitation,
never-ending contest with such difficulties as none
but an adventurous race would make head against,—
these, with perhaps the utmost license of liberty
compatible with any government at all, have made
the American nation what it is, and are carrying it
rapidly forward to extraordinary destiny. From
the time that England withheld the frontier posts,
after the peace of 1783, down to this Oregon contro-
versy, she has constantly provoked at least the an-
tipathy, if not the hostility of her American descend-
ants, until, at last, with a population and resources
greater than those of the mother country in the
reign of Queen Ann, when her most brilliant vic-
tories in the continent of Europe were achieved, we
are from day to day confronted upon some subject of
controversy or other, not of our seeking, but always
the consequence of England crossingthe Atlantic, and
either upon the sea or on this continent, provoking
conflict. I must again recur to a quotation from one
of Mr. Adam's letters on this subject, to express the
idea that I desire to communicate to the committee
of the natural and unavoidable American feeling of
resistance, if not indignation, at this perpetual system
of aggression. In his instructions to Mr. Rush
concerning Oregon, in 1818, the following remarka-
ble sentence occurs:
"At the same time you might give him to under-
stand, though not unless in a manner to avoid every
thing offensive in the suggestion, that, from the na-
ture of things, if in the course of future events it
should ever become an object of serious importance
to the United States, it can scarcely be supposed
that Great Britain would find it usefyl or advisable
to resist their claim to possession by systematic op-
position. If the United States leave her in undis-
turbed enjoyment of all her- holds upon Europe,
Asia, and Africa, with all her actual possessions in
this hemisphere, we may very fairly expect that
she will not think it consistent either with a wise or
a friendly policy to watch with eyes of jealousy and
alarm every possibility of extension to our natural
dominion in North America, which she can have no
solid interest to prevent, until all possibility of her
preventing it shall have vanished."
And to this I would add the declaration of President Mon-
roe jn 1S23, evincive of the aversion then long felt, and at
last beginning to be strongly uttered against any further
European encroachments upon this continent These, then,
are deeply seated American feelings. Our institutions are
pacific. Our policy is to grow in peace and prosperity.
We seek no war of aggression; but I believe I speak the
sentiments of nine-tenths of the country when I say it is de-
termined to accept no peace by; submission. J will go fur-
ther and add that national alacrity for resistance to English
or any other foreign encroachment, and that of England
seems to be the only hostility we are ever called upon to
encounter, that a martial spirit of national alacrity to take
up arms whenever provoked to them, out to be cultivated by
every statesman anxious lor the well being of this country.
We are too free ever to be a fortified nation. A small navy
Congress may he prevailed upon to pay for; though even
now, the executhe estimates for that arm have been redu-
ced nearly one-half. The army is cut down to the very
smallest dimensions. It has become a question with many
American statesmen whether fortifications are not a use-
less expense. It short, a martial and indomitable spirit,
with occasional wars, seem to beem to be the settled, cheap,
and only defcnce of these United States, Let us beware, then,
how we undeimine or undervalue this protection. Num-
bers have never saved any people from conquest, nor have
armies and navies; but a martial, enterprising, and ener-
getic spirit, has seldom, if ever, failed to he triumphant.
The gentleman near mc [Mr. Wfntworth] coming from
what is now a considerable city of the far distant West,
(Chicago,) if he should be in Congress at the age of the
venerable member from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams]—■
that is, fifty years hence—may represent a district in the
valley of the Mississippi, then peopled by fifty mil-
lions ot inhabitants. But that will avail them nothing,
if inert, supine, deficient in energy, in enterprise, in
ambition, in those national characteristics which now
so remarkably distinguish this country, and particularly
its ultra-montane inhabitants That gentleman, in- his
speech on this subject, used language of defiance to Eng-
land, which, tried by some standards of propriety, might be
deemed extravagant But for my part, 1 must say I rather
like what has been called western gascon; for when have
the people of the west, or any frontier people, ever been
found wanting in action, patriotism, or the spirit to make
good the bold language they sometimes indulge-in7 Frank-
lin said the American emblem should be, not an eagle, but
a turkey, because, though he swaggers, he is always rea-
dy to fight, and particularly disposed to fly at any one in
scarlet.
When I have heard, as 1 occasionally have, or read, of
lato, the debates in another part of the Capitol on this sub-
ject, 1 have supposed they were rather sermons than
speeches, discourses on the virtues of pence, the beauties
of charity, and the charms of international good will Who
doubts all this7 Still, is it not like the hackneyed expres-
sion that all men are born free and equal—like tree trade,
and various other truisms or abstractions, which, however
line in theory, are of less value when to be put in practice?
The hundred millions of people in India, and the three hun-
dred millions m China, are now experiencing, m British
domination, the deplorable want of that martial spirit which
is indispensable to the independence, if not existence, of
any people, without which the most numerous are over-
-comebj the most warlike; and with which, even in the
most informal and undisciplined State, as in Spain, when in-
vaded by the armies of France, no people can be subdued.
In England, it has been the public policy to encourage
the pugilistic brutalities and cruel sports of the people, as
conoborating their manhood; and the outrageous game
laws, as having similar influence on the gentry and farmers.
France now keeps nearly a hundred thousand soldieis in
Africa, at enormous expense, to preserve the military habits
of that nation, which has been well called a soldier. We
boast our Saxon pedigree; but in what is it better or brav«r
than the French. Gorman. Irish, or any other stock7' Fron-
tier life, which has been American education from the rock .
of Plymouth to the Rocky mountains—frontier life, earning -
bread not only in the sweat of faces, but the blood of^foes,
has been better schooling than all the reading, writing,
and arithmetic learned under the rod. The rifle has done
much more than the rod in forming American char-
acter. And as the frontiers are removed father oft', while
perhaps the manners of us who stay behind become more
conventional, are either morals or manhood improved? Our
people, from the eailiest struggles with the eastern Indians
to the last in Florida, (including Penn, who sometimes put
on a military sash,) exterminated or expelled the native
inhabitants whom they invaded spoiled, and robbed, and
have hold back with abhorrence from mixing their race
with the blacks. The Spanish invaders of Mexico adopted
the Indians they conquered into their families, and have
freed their slaves. The result ui the policy of the two peo-
ples was displayed at the battle of Jocmto Jt was not pedi-
gree, but policy, that prepared that result. Without, then,
refining these consequences, but acknowledging them as
facts, let us beware how we crush the belligerent pro-
pensities of our people. Turning all their s\vords into
ploughshares, or even all their Bowie kmves into pruning
hoolcs, would not biing on halcyon daj s of uninterrupted
peace. Armed in spirit, in person, and in dwelling, they are
