302
APPENDIX rfO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. C. B. Smith.
H. of Eeps.
marching forward to great destinies, which government
neither should or can frustrate. For, pacific as our institu-
tions are, and remote from the great conquering powers of
the world, let gentlemen who preach the European philoso-
pher's doctrine, that the worst peace is better than the best
war,—let them recollect our own annals. Already we have
had two wars* with-Oreat Britain, one with France, and a
very close approximation to another; wars with the Alge-
rines, Tunisians, and Morocco, and almost perpetual wars
with the,Indians: In the" Secretary of State's correspond-
ence,""laid on our tables with the President's annual mes-
sage of this session, there is strong intimation of the necessi-
ty of belligerent resistance to the tribute which Denmark,
for two hundred years, has exacted' of all ships en-
tering the Baltic 5 and I dare say that many of those who
decry any step towards Oregon,"and threaten the Union if
Texas be annexed to it, are urgent that we should show Eu-
rope, how to.get rid, by warfare, of the sound dues, as we
did how to put an end to the tribute of the Barbary States/
on the same importunity. For those who are invariably
peaceable, when western or southern territory is to be
won, are Jmportunate for hostile action to recover claims
for money. We' have had a squadron in the bay of
Naples when our claim there was to be realized. We
.have bullied Mexico into the payment of her debt to us; .
written her brave letters to Mr. Bocanegra, extolled in all
our newspapers as admirable spirit, at the very time that
we despatched the commander-m-chief and attorney gene-
ral to the frontier to prevent the dreadful possibility of
collision with England ! From England, by far the
greatest spoiler of American commerce, we have never
recovered a claim for it. I am. afraid that we have never
made one. But from France, Spain, Naples, Denmark, Bel-
gium, Mexico, Bra7il, Colombia, Peru, and, I believe, other
powers, we have wrung indemnities. At this momentthere
are petitions with the Committee, on Foreign Affairs for
colonizing Liberia, for government taking charge and bear-
ing the expense of that settlement. But to settle Oregon,'
would be to colonize most unwisely; and to take back Tex-
as, unpardonable addition to already too extensive territory.
A correspondence on our tables between the late Secretary
of State, our minister in England, and the Secretary of For-
eign Affairs there, complains that the English authorities
are preventing the harmless extension of the-American
philanthropic settlement at Liberia, because, forsooth, it
may injure the English traffic m that regio,n. So strange,
so many, so inscrutable, are our points of contact and colli-
sion with the ubiquitous establishments of Great Britain!
I-et us then keep our loins girded and our lamp burning,
for w© know not the hour of trouble, or the place, or tnc
cause. Let us not try to quench the unappealable love of
movement, which wo inherit from them, and carry beyond
their most adventurous achievements. It is the instinct of
courage, fortitude, and enterprise, which despises danger,
and defies death by Hood or field, daunted by no difficulty,
contending with the elements, with the savages, with
excessive or inordinate government, with whatever
is repressive of that ardor which transported the pil-
grims to New England, the Quakers to Pennsylvania, the
Catholics to Maryland, the Cavaliers to Virginia, the Hugu-
nots to Carolina—all to fight for their lives, during a great
part of, their existence, sleeping on their arms, imued
to every hardship, alert for every exploit, and
armed, equipped, and disciplined by voluntary train-
ing for combat with any enemy. Town pigmy as I am, who
never saw a mountain, a lake, or a prairie, I should yet
be one of the last to mortify that spirit which scales the
Rocky mountains, hunts the whale in the Pacific, traps the
lieaver in the Oregon, or, let me add, faces the Mexican at
San Jacinto. I am not aware of any animosity to England;
on the contrary, I greatly and cordially admire that mighty
and commanding nation. My descent is altogether from it
—partly (as I have been abundantly reproached) from a torv
ancestor-, and in controversy, either maritime or territorial,
I never should seek or expect English respect or conccssion
from any surrender of lights. While I attribute to the Brit-
ish government and people all the highest attributes of
courage and proper pride, I have no idea that either the one
or the other is to be propitiated by undue yielding to their
demands, or provoked to hostilities by a resolute assertion
of our own rights.
Amid all the unmanly abuse they bestow upon us, of late
more than ever, while American knavery, American vanity,
American meanness, American vulgarity, American slavery,
American lawlessness and blackguardism, are freely im-
puted, let us take to ourselves at least the comfort of per-
ceiving that, since the war of 1812, the tone of British antip-
athy is, at any rate, so far mitigated, that neither fear nor
folly is branded on the American character; but it has made
such advance in English esteem as to be acknowledged to
be knowing of right, and ready to maintain it.
With respeU to Oregon, therefore, Mr Chairman. 1 v\ ould
insist upon what belongs to us, trusting that firm adherence
to what we believe to be ours will not involve us m hostili-
ties—preventing such alternative, if possible, but betraying
no disposition to shrink from them, il imposed upon us I
would, on all occasions, treat (treat Britain, especially in
our own hemisphere, as her equal in tenacity of purpose,
and power to enforce it.
Not long ago one of her naval officers—a certain Lord
George Paulett—seized upon the principal seaport of the
Sandwich Islands—the half-way house of our extensive
commerce between America ami Asia. It is true that his
government promptly disavowed that transgiession; u Inch,
however, was made with every appearance of authority.
Had it proved so, in my opinion the true policj of the United
States would have been instantly to seize the disputed ter-
ritory m Oregon manujorti, avowing that we did so tote-
tahate for the aggression at the Sandwich Tslands, and that
we would hold the one until the other was relinquished.
Again: I am speaking now from no official information—
not as a member of the Committee on > oreign Aflairs—but
merely as an individual, with no other know ledge of current
events than the public journals and common intelligence af-
ford; according to \v hich, upon the recent downfall of Ks«
partero.in Spain, and his flight to England, the Spanish gov-
ernment was apprehensive that the" substitution of its "offi-
cers foi those appointed by Espartcro for commands m the
inland of Cuba might not be effected without English inter-
ffrenn-, and therefore requested our help, in cm of need.
If that be so, I would-not have hesitated to resist, at all haz-
ards, any English attempt to dislodge the established Span-
ish authority in that island.
Finally, the air is filled with rumors of an appioaching
annexation of Texas to this Union. I pretend to no'mforma-
tion on that subject which was not compaon to all; but if it
be true, and it should be the determination of this govern-
ment; to accede to any such arrangement, while i would
treat Mexico with the utmost forbearance, conciliation, and
justice, so that the whole world should acknowledge that
we had done nothing to be condemned, I would suffer no
English interference in a proceeding altogether American,
ol our own continent, in our own neighborhood, and
with which Great Britain has nothing to do; in which,
therefore, she should not be sufteredto meddle.
These, sir, are my sentiments unreservedly.—though with
unfeigned deference to better -judgments—expressed, upon
the apprehension of war, which constitutes the whole staple
of argument against adopting the resolution of the gentle-
man from Indiana. I do not believe that such' sentiments or
such transactions would be so apt to lead to war as an oppo-
site course of impolitic and perilous acquiescence. If, as it
may be, for the very purpose of this Texas question, a Brit-
ish minister long m Mexico is transferred to Washington,
and a British minister long in Washington is transferred to
Mexico, and the British agent who led the late invasion of
China is transferred from Texas to pass the winter at New
Orleans, for more convenient communication with other
British agents, and possibly certain Americans at this con-
juncture, I do not know that we have any right to complain
of such allocations; but I think they ought to fix our atten- -
tion, and prepaf e us for possible consequcnces.
- Whether those who so much more stoutly deprecate-hos-
tilities with Great Britain, than they seem to dread her fur-
ther advances oh the American soil, or our further conces-
sions of it to her advances, admire, and will recommend her
diplomacy, as they continually magnify the terror of'her
power, and the might of her arms, I do not pretend to know;
though. 1 must confess, that reasoning a jirlort, I fear the
future must be like the past. After the peace of independ-
ence m 1763, the English plan Undoubtedly was to limit the
United States by the Ohio. Thus hemmed in by the irre-
sistible marine of Great Britain on the Atlantic side, and by
numberless tribes of barbarous Indians on our western
Hank, for whom the present States of Ohio, Michigan, Indi-
ana, Illinois, and, indeed, Kentucky and Tennessee, weie to
be kept as hunting grounds, like the parks and demesnes of
their royal and noble masters in England, the revolted be-
come independent colonies, whose, existence, from 1783 to
-1689, under this policy, was extremely languid and preca-
rious, might, perhaps, either return to the advantages of
transatlantic allegiance, or at least, seek the benefits of
British protection. But the very limitations and fetters thus
contrived, proved the means of their emancipation, and the
method of advancement. On the Atlantic, as soon as the
federal constitution united the States in commercial consol-
idation. they rivalled England, and surpassed all other navi-
gating nations In the West, every man, woman, and child,
living in block-houses, spontaneously disciplined to the use
of fire-arms, inured to hardship, famihari/ed with danger,
daily drove the savage allies of Great Butain before them,
and planted their hardly earned settlements on the impreg-
nable basis of fearless intrepidity, constant exposure, and
perilous exploit. At the treaty of Ghent, the navigation of
the Mississippi, and control of the savages within our bor-
ders, were again demanded by the British negotiators, kept
daily informed (Mr. Gallatin says, m his letter of the 2>th
December, 1814, to which I have already alluded) of the
cold and heartless views of their Russian, Prussian, Aus-
trian. French, Spanish, Swedish, Saxon, Bavarian,
Dutch, Italian, and Portuguese allies—all Europe,
except insulated Denmark, looking on, -while England
punished this lone and deserted country. If she had
succeeded in taking New Orleans, our fate was set-
tled. Deserted by the East, the West would have been
left with only the South, and centre of the Union, probably
in vain to contend against fearful odds From that dire catas-
trophe nothing saved us but the roused spirit of a nation bred
to arms, and wanting only organization to triumph Victo-
ry at home, not diplomacy abroad, saved the United States
from dismemberment—degradation—downfall. Yes, the spir-
it of defiance which senators and other members of Con-
gress would tame away—the invincible spirit of patriotic
resistance to foreign aggression and wrong, which must for-
ever be the only and the cheap reliance of this republic, the
substitute for standing armies of superannuated officers and
costly armaments of mouldeiing navies,—this spirit and re-
liance u e would cast aside. The popular nerve )s to be un-
strung, the fire of the flint put out; the energy of enter-
prise unmanned, and the pullulating millions of our teem-
ing population dkcouiaged from those pursuits and adven-
tures wh.eh, fiom the landing of the pilgiims ,tt Plymouth
to the scaling of the Rocky mountains by I ieul. Fiemont's
cannon, have proved the whole genius, worth, and vindica-
tion ol the American.
All this is to be cast aw av as uncharitable, feroc:ous, ran-
corous, and wicked. The people are to be put to school
and taught to love their enemies They art. to stay at home
and loarn or w ork, not ramble into distant regions or setk
for other gam than the quiet art® of mcchanical labor supply.
No; not learn to love their enemies, but kvm to fear them
—to ciouch befoie them, fall down and worship the bul-
wark of our holy rel;gion,*tremb]e at the thought of no-
tice, respectful and harmless notice to their government,
that, at the end of a year, we mean to take the liberty of do-
ing what the) promised us we might do. whenever we
please, without offence Ilark! cried a quondam secretary
ol our dishonored State, in an ecstacy of reverence for the
mother country—the same who hurried off the cominandei-
in-chief of our armies, and the attorney general of our
laws, to the rescue of a miscreant from the justice of an in-
vaded and grossly insulted people;—listen1 and you may
hear the roll of the British drum beating all around us, from
the black regiments m the Bahamas to tho white regiments
m Nova Scotia. What a fine thought1 what a beautiful fig-
ure' s,aid a member on this floor. I'he secretary is right; 1
endow e\ex v thing he has done and said We should not
go to war with England for any cause whatever. Those
were th$ words. Such is not. indeed, the rancor of national
hate for a foreigner, but is it not rancid love for oursclv^?
Depend on it, sir, these are not the sentiments or feelings,
the fears or the fancies, of any but a very small portion of
the American people.
Or is it English diplomacy we arc to admire, to imitate,
venerate, alid, on pain of beixg very violent, very vulgar,
and very wicked, forbear to denounce and stigmatize as it
deserves? That noblest of all modern Britons w ho, thougn
he would not suffer Aineiicans to make a hobnail, yet, by
magnificent invective, branded the infamous stimulation of
savages to butcher their-women and children—Chatham—
said that Cromwell despised the tricks of diplomacy. He
kept no spies to tell lies at foreign courts, but negotiated by
the power of sagacity and in the strength of his established
determination to suiter no wrong. But what is the rubric
of Hansard's Parliamentary Debates for the } ear oi olir Loid
1843. What is it, sir.? Is it a lesson from IMachiavel, from
Bielfeld—ay, even from Talleyrand, on the science of inter-
national discussion? Or does it come from the horse-mar-
ket? Is it advice to settle the boundaries of nations, as
Yorkshiremcn—1 hope not Yankees—are said to swap
horses? Is it the sharper's rule"? To disregard not merely
the obligation, but even the policy oi honesty, to cheat, and
after the bargain chuckle at the cheat. Hansard's Parlia-
mentary Debates, a few pages of them at least, ought to be
stereotyped, framed, and hung up m this Capitol, 111 the De-
partment of State, and republished in all American new >pa-
pers. The Bowie knife, the negro lash, the constitutional
knavery of this country, repudiation—take the whole speci-
fication of our impeachment by England, and what is it to
the vauted diplomacy of Lords Palmerston and Brougham,
and Sir Robert Peel? The record proof is undeniable, that
the maligners of us all, the, traducers of Washington and
Jefferson, the withn'g parsons who preach curses on repidia-
tion; the press, the parliament, the bankers,^brokers, specu-
lators, half-pay captains and all, have, in their noble lords
and foremost commoners, examples of—what, -shall I saj '
practical lessons of political profligacy, trans'cending all
their utmost malice has ever said, thought, or imagined
of us. '
No war would waste the morals, or impair the-character.
of a country like such rudiments of the code of international
immorality. In fact, £ must say. that the war which this
government waged with the English banking system was
more detrimental to the resources, morals, and imputation ot
the United States, than the only war w ith England which I
have witnessed, and never repented of having helped to
bring about.
The Senate resolved unanimously, shortly before the
treaty of Washington, that England had no right to Maine
They then surrendered it, by a vote of 39 to 9. One of their
most distinguished members declared that ho would go,
some 4th of July or other, and forcibly .take the territory, to
v\ hich England's only title was that she wanted and would
have it. Whether that august bod}- is again to :tepfiur,i
the sublime to the ridiculous on the Oregon question, we
are soon to see; and I fear the signs are extieinely ominous.
Maine was all erect for resistance at one time But
as every man is said to have his price, so, perhaps, eveiy
State has; and, wvhen*Jongress gave three hundred thousand
dollars to pay for the capitulation, it was signed with grc at
goodwill. How the Oregon question will terminate, time
will show. But, should thi's House refuse to advise the
executive to give the stipulated notice of the termination oi*
joint possession, I shall have no other faith in the result
than the maxim that a bad beginning sometimes makes a
good end.
And now, Mr. Chairman, in conclusion, I shall make
(what I rarely do) a party appeal. We have a prec:der.tiul
election at tiand. Disclaiming all mere party discusskm,
and with no other reference to the presidential election than
as it may tend to show whether we are to present to the
foreigner a united front on this Oregon question, I call on
the friends of Mr. Clay on this floor to let us know what
may he expected fiom them on the Oregon question.
Unanimity is all important. It will be the best neqotiatoi.
It is no party question—not even a western question; but
altogether national. In my neighborhood, in and ahovt
Philadelphia, I have reason to believe there is great prepon-
derance of public will, without distinction of party. h;.t
then, may we hope from the friends of the great western
candidate7 It is a fact, which I mention without reproach,
(for it might have happened to any administration,) that
Mr. Adams and Mr. Clay, m 1896, got us into this difftcnlu .
What will they do to help us out of it?
[Here the chairman's mallet sounded the expiration ol Mr
Inokrsoll's hom, and having, from the notes, <-omcwh:it
enlarged parts of his argument, he omits what would have
followed in conclusion.]
SPEECH OF MR. C. B. SMITH,
OF INDIANA,
In the House of Rb[irtsc7itutiver, Fehrvcmi9, 1£44—-
On the constitutionality of the sceond section of
the apportionment act.
The resolution reported by the majority of the
Committee of Elections, resolving that the represent-
atives elected by general ticket in the States of Sew
Hampshire, Georgia, Mississippi, and Missouri,
were legally elected, and entitled to seats, as mem-
bers of the House of Representatives, being ujhW
consideration—
Mr. Caleb B. Smith of Indiana having obtained
the floor, said that, after the very able and elaborate
discussion which had already been mode,#he did
not suppose it would be in las power to present to
the House any new light upon the question, or to
influence the votes of members upon its final settle-
ment. Regarding it, however, as a question of more
importance than any winch would be presented to
the TJouse for its action during the present sossion,
and knowing that those whom he had the honor to
represent felt a deep interest, m its correct settlement
