fob. 1844;
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
303
28th Cong;....1st Sess.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr. C. B. Smith.
H. of Reps,
he conceived it to be his duty to present to the
House and the country his views in regard to it.
It was to be hoped (said Mr. S.) that in the set-
tlement of a question involving an important con-
stitutional principle, no mere party considerations
would, be allowed to influence the action of this
House—that no desire to promote the interests of
party should warp the judgment or influence the
votes of members upon this floor. We should be
aciuated in our course by higher and nobler aims.
We should approach the examination of the ques-
tion in the spirit of candor, and with a desire to
elicit truth—with a determination to so act in the
premises, that our recorded judgment shall meet the
approbation "of the country, when all party excite-
ment in reference to the matter shall have subsided;
and to secure the approval of our own consciences.
This is the first time, since the organization of
the federal government, that the House of Represent-
atives has been called upon in "this manner to decide
upon the constitutionality of an act of Congress.
From the decision of the House there is no appeal.
Its action is final, and cannot be reversed. The con-
stitution having made each branch of Congress,
respectively, the exclusive judge of the validity of
the election of its own membess, the question can-
not be presented to the judicial tribunals of the
country for their decision: It becomes us, then, to be
the more cautious and circumspcct in our delibera-
tions, and the more careful of the precedent we may
establish. Before we assume the responsibility of
declaring an act of Congress unconstitutional and
void, it should be made clear and palpable that the
constitution has been violated. Should the question
bo one of doubt, it is our duty to regard the law as
binding, and to conform our action to its provisions.
Without further preliminary remarks, I will proceed
to the examination of the question now before the
House.
The last Congress incorporated in the act to ap-
portion representatives among the several States a
provision that the representatives from each State
should be elected by districts—but one member being
elected from any one district. All the States have
complied with the requisitions of the act of Con-
gress, and elected their representatives in conform-
ity with its provisions, except the States of New
Hampshire, Georgia, Mississippi, and Missouri.
These States have elected their representatives by
general ticket, in direct violation of the law. The
House is now called upon to determine whether the
representatives thus elected m violation of the law
are entitled to seats upon this floor.
If the act of Congress requiring the representa-
tives to be elected by districts is constitutional, it is
clear they have no right to be admitted as members,
and they can only retain their seats upon the sup-
position that the law is in violation of the constitu-
tion. A decision of the constitutional question is
then unavoidable, as upon its determination rests
their right. Much has been said during the discus-
sion of the relative advantages of the district and
general-ticket systems of electing representatives,
and also of the propriety of Congress attempting to
control the action of the States upon this subject.
This argument has certainly no relevancy to the
subject now under discussion. When the bill con-
taining this provision was before Congress, the ex-
pediency of the measure was a legitimate subject
of argument. But having become a law, the ques-
tion of its expediency is at an end. It is now re-
corded upon our statute book as a law of the land,
and, as a law-abiding people, we are bound to yield
implicit obedience to its behests, unless it is clearly
in violation of the constitution.
The second section of the apportionment act of
the last Congress, the constitutionality of which is
denied, is as follows:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That m each case where a State
is entitled to moie than one rcpresentath es, the number to
which each State shall be entitled under the apportionment
shall be elected by districts composed of contiguous ten i-
tory, equal m number to the number of representatives to
which said State shall be entitled—no one district electing
more than one representative.
Had Congress the ri^ht to make this regu-
lation in regard to the manner of electing repre-
sentatives? That clause in the constitution under
which the power is claimed is found in the 4th sec-
tion of the 1st article, and reads in these words:
"The times, places, and manner of holding elections
for senators and representatives shall be prescribed
in each State by the legislature thereof; but the
Congress may at any time, by law, make or alter
such regulations, except as to the place of choosing
peiwtors," The power is hers expressly conferred
upon Congress, either to make regulations in regard
to "the times, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions for senators and representatives," or to "alter
such regulations" as may be made by the State legis-
latures.
The language of the constitution is so clear and
unequivocal, that it would seem that the power of
Congress to make such regulations could hardly be
the subject of doubt. Notwithstanding, however,
the absence of any ambiguity in the language used
in. this clause, there seems to be a great variety of
opinions among those who deny the validity of the
act of Congress, as to the true construction of the
constitutional provision referred to. The gentleman
from South Carolina who addressed, the House on
yesterday [Mr. Woodward} has contended, with
much zeal, that the power given to Congress
to regulate "the times, places, and manner of
holding elections," is a mere contingent power,
which can only be exercised when the State
, legislatures neglect or refuse to make such
regulations; and that the States not having failed to
make regulations for the election of their representa-
tives, Congress had no right to interfere in the mat-
ter; and that therefore the act is unconstitutional and
void. The gentleman from Tennessee who last ad-
dressed the House, [Mr. Jones,] has contended that
the only constitutional mode of electing representa-
tives to Congress is by general ticket; and that
hence the act requiring the election to be by dis-
tricts is unconstitutional. If positions so extraordi-
nary, and (I hope 1 may say without offence) so
extremely absurd, can be. gravely contended for by
members on this floor, it need not excite surprise if
the House shall concede to the members whose
seats are contested the right to participate in our de-
liberations.
The majority of the Committee of Elections, who
have reported m favor of the right of these mem-
bers to seats, deny the validity of the act of Con-
gress upon a different ground, and assume a posi-
tion, which, if not sounder than the others, is at
least more plausible. They concede that Congress
has power under the constitution to regulate the
"time, place, and manner" of elections; but they
contend that if an attempt is made to exercise this
power, it must be done in so full and perfect a man-
ner that the elections may be completed under the
act of Congress, without any aid from State
legislation That Congress cannot exercise the
power by merely requiring the representatives to be
elected by districts, but she must district the
States, and make all the necessary regulations for
the election of members, without any aid from the
State laws; and that the act of Congress requir-
ing the States to elect by districts is therefore a
nullity, and the States are at liberty to disregard
it. They contend that the second section of the ap-
portionment act is a mandamus to the States, com-
manding them to district, und that Congress has no
power to direct or control their legislation. The
gentleman from jVew York who addressed the
House this morning [Mr Beardsley] has present-
ed the same view of the question, and has certainly
manifested much ingenuity in sustaining a bad cause.
We may be greatly aided in our attempts to ar-
rive at corrcct conclusions in regard to the extent of
the power conferred upon Congress by the section
of the constitution referred to, by looking at the de-
hbeiations of those who framed that instrument, as
well as to the contemporaneous expositions of it by
the statesmen of that day. This clause in the con-
stitution gnve rise to much debate in the convention,
and was strongly resisted by many distinguished
members of that body. It was advocated by Mr.
Madison with great ability. He says:
This view of the question seems to decide that the legis-
latures of the States ought not to ba\e the uncontrolled
right of regulating the times, places, and manner of elections.
These were words of great latitude. It was impossible to
foresee all the abuse that might be made of the discretionary
power. Whether the elections should be by ballot or riva
voce; whether tin; electors should assemble at this place or
at that place, should be divided into distucts, or all meet at
one place; should all vote for all the representatives, or all
ma district vote for a member allotted to that district.—these
ond many other points would depend upon the legislature,
and might materially affect the appointments. * ' It s-eomed
to be as" improper in principle, though it might be loss in-
convenient in practice, to give to the State legislatures this
great authority over the election*: of the people m the gene-
ral legislature, as it would be to give to the latter a like
power over the elections of their representatives m the State
legislature!
In the convention of Virginia, convened by the
legislature of that State to consider the propriety of
ratifying the federal constitution, Mr. Madison, in
speaking of this clause, used this language:
It was found impossible to fix thetime, place, and manner
of the election ot representatives in the constitution. It
was found necessary to leave the regulation of these, in the
.firstplace, to the State governments,- asv best acquainted
with the situation of the people, subject to the control of
the generalgoverament, in order to enable it to produce
uniformity, and prevent its own dissolution; and consider-
ing the State governments and general government a£ dis-'
tinct bodies, acting in different and independent capacities
for the people, it was thought the particular regulations
should be submitted to the former, and the general regula-
tions to the latter."
This explicit language, used by that profound
and enlightened statesman, shows conclusively that"r
in his opinion, tha power exercised by the last Con-
gress under the apportionment act was conferred by
the clause of the constitution to which I have refer-
red. In the discussions which took place in the
several States previous to the adoption of the consti-
tution, no one of its provisions was more fully and
elaborately examined than this clause. In a major-
ity of the States it was objected to; and in ratifying
the constitution, they protested1 against and recom-
mended an amendment, providing that Congress
should not exercise this power, except in case of a
refusal or disability on the part of the States to make
the necessary regulations. In the convention of
North Carolina, in the debate upon this clause, Mr.
Bloodworth, who warmly opposed it, used this lan-
guage:
The elections may be in such a manner that men may bo
appointed who are not the representatives of the people.
This may exist, and it ought to be guarded against. As to
the place, suppose Congress should order the election to be
held in the most inconvenient place in the most inconvenient
district: could every person entitled to vote attend at such
a place9 Suppose they should order it to be laid off mto so
man) districts, arid order the election to be held in each
district: yet may not their power over the manner of elec-
tion enable them to exclude from voting every description
of men they please?
In the same debate, Governor Johnston, who ad-
vocated this clause, said:
! am not apprhensive that this article will be attended
with the fatal consequences which the gentleman conceives.
1 conceive Congress can have no other power than the
States had. The States, with regard to elections, must be
governed by the articles of tlie constitution, so must Con-"
grass.
Mr. Davie also advocated this clause, as follows:.
When the councils of America have this power over elec-
tions, they can, m spite of any faction in any particular
State, give the people a representation. Uniformity in mat-
ters of election is also of the greatest consequence. They
ought all to hr  judged by the*same law and the same pmv
oples, and not be different in one State from wliat they arc
in another. At present, the manner of electing is different
in different States. Some elect by ballot, and others viva
voce. It will be more convenient to have the manner uni-
form in all the States.
• Mr. Maclaine, in the same convention, in constru-
ing this clause, said:
Lawyers will often differ on a point of law, but people
will seldom differ about so very plain a thing as this. This
clause enables Congress to alter such regulations as the
States shall have made with respect to elections. What
would we infer from this? What is it to alter' It is to
alter the time, place, and manner, established by the legis-
latures, if they do not answer the purpose.
In the convention of Massachusetts, Mr. Parsons
said:
They (the State legislatures) might make an unequal and
partial division of the States into districts for the election of
representatives, or they might even disqualify one-third of
the electors. Without these powers m Congress, the peo-
ple can have no remedy, but the fourth section provides a
remedy—a controlling power in a legislature composed of
senators and lepiesentatives of twelve States, without the
influence of our commotions and factions, who will he^r
impartially, and preseive and restore to the people their
equal and sacred rights of election.
Mr. Smith, in opposing this clause, in the New
York convention, said:
It is said it is lelt to the discretion of the States. If this
were true, it w ould be all we contend for. But, sir, ton-
gress can alter, as they please, any mode adopted by the
States. What discretion is there here7
Mr. Hamilton, in his able exposition of the con-
stitution, in the Federalist, says:
Thev have submitted the regulations of electionc of the
federal" government, in the fn.st instance, to the local ad-
ministrations, which, in ordinarv cases, and when no im-
proper views prevail, may be both more convenient and
more satisfactory But they have reserved to the national
authority a right to interpose, whenever extraordinary cir-
cumstances might render that interposition necessary to it?
safety.
Quotations, almost without number, might be
added, to show that the universal construction given
to this clause of the constitution, by the states-
men of the several States, at the time of its adop-
tion, was identical with that given to it by those
who contend for the constitutionality of the ap-
portionment yet of the last Congress. In the whole
course of the debate, notwithstanding the labored
