March, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
  Oregon Territory—Mr. Sevier.
§6?
ositions which are repugnant to sense and reason
is calculated to remind us of the celebrated exclama-
tion of Madame Roland, in the scenes of the French
revolution: "in thy name, Oh! Liberty, what enor-
mities are committed!" :
Sir, it is no party question that we are now called
upon to decide. It, stands on higher ground. It
toucher the vitality of the government, and the su-
premacy of the laws. I trust that no party influ-
ences will be permitted to sway the judgment of the
House in the. discharge of its high responsibility. I
will yet cherish the hope that the rightful authority
of the nation is not to be desecrated in this hall,
under the sacred emblems of the Union; and that the
constitution is not destined to receive a fatal wound
from the representatives of the people, who have
sworn to support and defend it.
SPEECH OF MR. SEVIER,
of arkansas.
In Senate Thursday, March 21, 1844.—On the fol-
lowing resolution offered by Mr. Semfle:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to give notice to the British govern-
ment that is the desire of the government of the
United States to annul and abrogate the provisions
of the third article of the convention concluded be-
tween the government of the United States of Amer-
ica and his Britannic Majesty the King of the United
Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland on the 20th
October, 1818, and indefinitely continued between
the same parties, signed at London the Gth August,
1827. s '
Mr. SEVIER addressed tire Senate as follows:
Mr. President: I have taken some trouble to
investigate the title of the United States to the Ter-
ritory of Oregon. At this session, and at the last, I
considered it a duty which I owed to the Senate,
by whose direction I had been placed upon a com-
mittee having charge of that subject, to look into
the title of the United States to that territory. I
considered it a duty which I also owed to my con-
stituents, whose interest, now or hereafter, in some
form or other, might be effected by this Oregon con-
troversy, to look into the title of the United States
to that country. That duty I have performed. I
have also examined with care, and, I hope, with
perfect impartiality, every claim, so far as 1 have
been enabled to understand them, of Great Britain to
that country; and the result of these investigations
has been a settled conviction on my part, tliat the
title of the United States to that country, upon every
principle recognised by civilized nations, and upon
every principle of national law, cannot be success-
fully controverted by any one.
It had been my intention, Mr. President, at some
time during the progress of this debate, to give to
the Senate, and through the Senate to the country,
a brief analysis of this title; but that purpose I shall
now forego, and for two reasons: the first is, that
that labor has been taken off my hands, and has
been better performed by others who have preceded
me in this debate; the second is, that I found the
opposition to the passage of the resolution now un-
der consideration, is not based upon the ground of
doubtful title. Every senator admits that the title
of the United States to that country is clear and in-
disputable. All agree that, on that point at least,
there is no room for cavil or controversy.
The title of the United States to Oregon being ad-
mitted to be clear and indisputable, do we, Mr.
President, desire tile possession of that country?
Upon this_ point, at the very threshold, there seems
to be a difference of opinion among us.
On this side of the chamber, we desire the pos-
sesion of that country, and have proposed several
measures to effect it. The first is, to annul and ab-
rogate the convention of 182", by the terms of which
the subjects of Great Britain are permitted to oc-
cupy the country jointly with citizens of the United
States. We propose to make suitable provisions,
tempting and liberal, for the settlement of that coun-
try. We propose to protect the citizens of the
United States who may go into it, by military force
if necessary. And lastly, we propose to extend to
those citizens the benefits of the laws of the United
States m the form of an organized territorial gov-
ernment, or of attaching it, for judicial and legislative
purposes, to a Territory of the United States already
organized. These are the leading measures which
we deem essential for the accomplishment of the ob-
ject we have in view.
We consider the existence of the convention for the
Senate.
joint occupation of Oregon an impediment to suc-
cessful negotiation. We think that, so long as that
convention is in force, Great Britain can have
no motive for settling our controversy. She has
exclusive possession, at this time, of the whole
county; she has extended her laws, civil and crimi-
nal, oyer the whole of it; andshe is now, at this hour,
exercising ownership in and over it, by granting
loans, and by appropriating it as she pleases. What
more does she want5 What more can she desire?
What has she to gain by negotiation? Nothing!
"hat has she to lose by negotiation? Something*
certainly; and if justice is had of her, everything.
_ We consider that this convention is not only an
impediment in the way of negotiation, but is also
an insuperable obstacle to the settlement of the coun-
try. No citizen of the United States will go there,
if he believes that he is to become a subject of Great
Britain, and amenable to her laws. We believe
that, while this convention exists, • we cannot
safely follow the example set us by Great Britain,
in attaching it to the Territory of Iowa, as she has
attached it to her province of Upper Canada. We
believe that a double system of laws, and a double
set of functionaries, over the same country, emana-
ting from different powers, would produce a conflict
of laws and jurisdictions, and end in conflicts
among the people of that region, and ultimately, in
an open rupture between the two government* of
Great Britain and the United States. For these
reasons, we desire the exercise of that right which, at
the ^ time, was contemplated and expressly provided
for in the convention, which is to annul and abro-
gate it.
These views are opposed with great zeal and
energy on the other side, and for reasons which I
will now proceed to consider. These objections are
of two classes. The first is of these is, that the
that the passage of the resolution which we are
now considering is discourteous to the British gov-
ernments, disrespectful to the President of the United
States, unnecessary and inexpedient; and the other
is, that the passage of the resolution is not only dis-
courteous, disrespectful, unnecessary, and inexpedi-
ent; but that it is, on other accounts, highly objec-
tionable, because it points to the settlement of Oregon.
These various objections, whether partaking of a
foreign or domestic character, I now propose very
briefly to consider.
Is the passage of this resolution discourteous to
the British government? The gentleman on the
other side seem to think so. They tell us that the
British government, at the request of ours, has sent
from England to America a special minister, with
peace upon his lips, and justice in his heart, and
clothed with most ample powers to settle promptly,
amicably and justly, this ever-beginning, and never-
ending Oregon controversy. They present the
question to us, in this fascinating and imposing form;
and I have to say, sir, that it would be most gratify-
ing to me if I could believe these representa-
tions had any thing like truth, any thing substantial,
to rest upon. The special minister, sir, turns out to
be no special minister; nor are we officially in-
formed that the minister has any power whatever
to treat upon the subject of Oregon, or that he has
been invited here, or sent here, for any such pur-
pose. Sir, the Oregon question, as late as last De-
cember, as we were then officially informed by the mes-
sage of the President, was "dragging its slow length
along" in the capital of Great Britain. Has this
discussion, since that time, been transferred from that
metropolis to this? We have had no such official infor-
niation. ^ And yet, in the absence of any such official
information, and for no other reason, apparent to lis,
than that the late Butish minister has been recalled,
and another substituted, all Congress is commanded
to halt, to stand as they are, and to cease to prate
about Oregon! What a humiliating spectacle for a
senator to gaze on! Because it lu>s been the pleas-
ure of the Q,ueen, in the 7th year of her reign, to
send to this country a new representative of her
Majesty—clothed, however, with no more power, so
far as we know, than had her late resident envoy,
to settle the Oregon question,—for this r?ason, and
for no other, we are required to defer action upon a
favorite measure, and are told, with open doois, on
the floor of the Senate, and in the face of the world,
that, if we do not, her Majesty's go\eminent may
take it quite unkindly. Nor is this all. We are
told, if this resolution should be adopted, that im-
mediately thereafter we incur the hazard of losing
all the, country m dispute; that, tn tlrat e\ent, it
will be forcibly seized by Great Britain, and that
war will follow! Sir, if war is lo scourge this roun-
l;;y *°r no other provocation than a suggestion by
the Senate or by Congress to the President of the
United States of the propriety of giving to Great
Britain the notice contemplated, and expressly pro-
vided for by the convention of 1827, let it come. If
the representatives of the people and of the States of
this Union cannot legislate with freedom, and ac-
cording to their sense of propriety, without involv-
ing their country in war, the sooner that fact is
known the better. If we are to consult, in our pro-
ceedings here, court etiquette, and the sensibility of
a foreign power, rather than the wishes and inter-
ests of our constituents, the sooner we are taught
that lessdli the better.
But, sir, it is idle to talk of war, or of offence for
such a proceeding. We believe the stipulation of
the convention for the joint occupation of that terri-
tory by citizens of the United States and by subjects
of Great Britain, is detrimental to the best interest
of this country. We believe that, so long as such a
stipulation for the joint occupancy of that country
is in force, Great Britain, in point of fact, will
hold the whole of it; and, for that reason, she will
be m no hurry to settle our dispute. Under the terms
of that contention, she has all she wants. Delays
and postponements are everything for her, and every-
thing against us. The longer she holds that coun-
try, the stronger her claim becomes, and ours the
weaker m the same proportion. Originally, sir, this
"great power on earth," this "anglo-Saxon mother
of ours," "this illustrious friend and best customer,"
claimed but the modest right to navigate the Pacific.
In her treaty in 1763, she formally relinquished all
claim to all the country west of the Mississippi
river; and in 1776, in her instructions to Captain
Cook, who was then starting on an errand of dis-
covery, that officer was instructed not to lose time in
search of new lands, nor to stop at any fallen in
with, except to wood and water, until he should
reach latitude 65 north—the point in that direction
to which the Spanish discoveries prior to that time
had extended, and not to take possession of any
country already visited or taken possession of by
any European power. Thus, by Hie treaty of 1763,
and by her instructions to Captain Cook, Great
Britain acknowledged that all the country on the
northwest coast of North America south of 65°
north had been appropriated, and belonged to Spain.
Some ten or twelve years after this, some British
subjects and Chinese adventurers in their employ,
settled at Nootka Sound, and built a hut, for the
purpose of trade and traffic with the natives of that
vicinity. A year or so afterwards this settle-
ment was discovered, broken up, and the intru-
ders driven off by Spain. This led to a contro-
versy between Great Britain and Spain—the form-
er demanding indemnity of Spain for the destruc-
tion, by her order, of the property of British subjects,
and the latter refusing reparation. It was ultimate-
ly settled by a permit, on the part of Spain, to Brit-
ish subjects, to settle on the northwest coast, for
the specific purpose of trade and traffic with the
natives. The right to trade and traffic was all that
was granted by Spain, and all that was sought by
Great Britain. No title to the soil, no sovereignty
of the country was granted by Spain, nor was either
claimed by Great Britain. What is the claim of
Great Britain nowJ Is it only the right to trade and
traffic with the natives? It has grown up, in her es-
timation, to be sor ething more. We now hear of
British interests in that quarter, which cannot be
abandoned? And while these ominous sounds are
still ringing in our ears, we propose to settle this,
dispute, before these British interests shall get
stronger and more formidable. Our adversaries say
No! Wait a while longer. If you act now, it wili
be precipitate and offensive to Great Britain. How
long have we. alieady waited? Only twenty-nine
years! How long is it proposed that we shall still
wait? Only from twenty to fifty years!
Sir, but a year or two since, Congress was acting
upon this Oregon question, and at that time we
were requested to postpone our measure, and we
promptly obeyed, because we were told that Great
Britain had appointed Lord Ashburton a special
minister to this country, clothed with full power to
settle all our disputes—our boundary lines on the
east, north, and west; the Caroline affair, and every
other insult, outrage, and aggression, which this
country had received from Great Britain. Who,
sir, can have forgotten the lively sensibility, the in-
toxicating joy, with which that intelligence was re-
ceived in this country? But how short lived were
those expectations! What was our disappointment
and humiliation, when we ascertained, that of all oi'
