CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2M
honor. He would support the bill, with the excep-
tion of that portion of it which gave a copy to each
member of Congress at the public expense.
Mr. ARCHER said he owed it to the committee
to offer an explanation in relation to that part of the
bill. The committee (every member present con-
curring) directed him to report in favor of having
the number of books published for which the bill
provided. He had asked the Secretary of the Sen-
ate what was the mode of publishing and disposing
of such books. He (the Secretary) informed him
that the mode usually adopted was such as was now
adopted in the bill. He had therefore to say to the
honorable senator from Missouri that he had acted
upon the information which he had derived, and not
with the knowledge of the committee; but he was
willing to strike out from the bill that portion of it
which proposes to distribute copies of this work
amongst members of the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives. Like his honorable friend from Penn-
sylvania, he attached very high importance to the
publication of this book, as a medium of information
for Congress and the country.
The people were very speedily to pronounce
judgment on the action of Congress with regard to
the subject treated of by the author. He believed
that it was only through this medium that correct in-
formation could be obtained. Did gentlemen think
they could engage in the negotiation of a treaty with
the most powerful government in the world, and
neglect the only means of obtaining all necessary in-
formation upon the subject? It was proposed to dis-
tribute the books, so that each legislative body
throughout the country could have the advantage of
the information contained in them. He repeated,
that very few men were so conversant with the sub-
ject as the senator from Missouri, [Mr. Benton;]
and the real question was, as had been stated by the
honorable senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Buchan-
an,] whether the Senate would go blindfolded into
a discussion and decision of this question, or wheth-
er it would purchase for itself and the country the
means of information. Was this questiou absolute-
ly to be decided in the dark, when light was within
reach? He rose merely to say to the honorable sen-
ator, [Mr. Benton,] that the particular clause which
gave each member a copy of the work should be
stricken out.
Mr. BENTON replied at some length to Mr.
Archer, touching the claim set up by England to
the Oregon; declaring that, with reference to that
question, he was precisely in a national point of
view as he would be in an individual point of view.
If a man jumped on his property, and took half un-
less he would fight for it, he would fight; and he
warned gentlemen that, 011 this question, they were
not going to have another Maine and Massachusetts
question. They were disgraced enough in the set-
tlement of the Maine boundary question. He had
his rights in the adjustment of the Oregon question,
and no coming or departing of special ministers
would deprive him of that right. It was his deter-
mination to exercise that right to preserve the in-
terests and honor of his country, so far as he might
have any power to do it; and the coming or depart-
ing of a special minister would not alter that deter-
mination.
Mr. BUCHANAN desired to reply to the senator
from Missouri. That senator, he said, had de-
nounced the bill—to which bill, however, he (Mr.
Buchanan) had not given his assent—as part of a
system of plunder. He cailed for the reading of
the report.
Mr. PHELPS interposed, and said the morning
hour had expired. He called for the order of the
day.
The bill was then laid on the table till to-morrow.
THE COMPROMISE ACT THE TARIFF.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the Senate then re-
sumed the consideration of the resolution of the
Finance Committee, for the indefinite postponement
of the bill introduced by Mr. McDuffie for re-
ducing the duties under the present tariff to the
standard of the compromise act.
Mr. PHELPS resumed his argument in favor of
the tariff. He said he would offer no apology for
the time he might occupy, except that already
given—the vast importance of the subject under
discussion. There was 110 living language more
fruitful in opprobrious epithets than the English;
yet, even if that almost inexhaustible source was
drained out in applying to the tariff every term of
obloquy and disgust, its merits would remain the
same in the opinion of the great mass of the Ameri-
can people, on whose decision it could alone stand
or fall. It was his purpose to proceed With the ex-
amination of this question with cool deliberation,
and not with reference to any local interest; but with
a universal feeling for the interest and welfare of
every section of the country, and of every portion of
thepeople. When interrupted by the adjournment
on Friday, he was showing, in answer to the honor-
able senator from New Hampshire, that our agri-
cultural produce, distinct from produce raised by
planter)}, could not rely on England as a vent for the
surplus. He seized that moment to remark that
the assertion of the senator from New Hamp-
shire—that England and her dependencies took
from us full two-fifths of our surplus bread
stuff prdnuce—was not in fact correct. The calcula-
tion on which it was founded was deceptive, inas-
much as it was based on deducting the amounts ex-
ported from the whole produce, and setting down
the residue as necessary for home consumption, in-
stead of taking the true mode—that of giving the
quantity of produce actually necessary for home
use, and leaving the difference between that and the
whole as the surplus. By the reports of the year
1842, this country produced eighty-four million
bushels of wheat; and, from the increase that has
since taken place, may now be put down as pro-
ducing one hundred million bushels. Giving, then,
to each individual three bushels per year, (which
was rather a low calculation,) that would make six-
ty millions per year, and the surplus, consequently,
would be forty million bushels; but did it ap-
pear that Great Britain received two-fifths of
this surplus? On the contrary, the official returns
show that, for the year 1842, she took from us
something about five million bushels, or one-eighth
the surplus.
Mr. P proceeded at length to show that Great
Britain neverfavored exportation ofproducefrom this
or any other country except when suffering from a
scarcity at home. He contended against the doc-
trine that the only way to increase our exports was
by increasing our imports—a doctrine which did not
stop at taking in exchange foreign imports to the
amount exported, but a surplus which ruined the
home market, and involved the country in debt. It
was argued that the object of those who advocated a
protective policy was to do away with importations;
but such was not the case; their true and undis-
guised object was to regulate the trade in imports so
as to make it available to the interests of the country.
The theory of the gentlemen opposed was, as he be-
fore stated, to increase the exportations by increasing
the importations; or, in other words, adding to your
income by increasing your expenditure. A few
years back, the country was in debt, her resources
dried up, and her industry at a stand. Never was
there a period more favorable for exportation than
that; but it was then found that all our surplus pro-
duce could not pay off our immense debt. Experience,
he _ said, proved that agricultural produce was
limited to a point beyond which it could not go. He
referred to Massachusetts alone taking more of do-
mestic produce than was exported to Great Britain
and her dependencies; and he believed that his own
small State of "Vermont, agricultural as she was,
used more of the wheat and flour of the West than
was sent to England. The same argument that ap-
plied to bread-stuffs was equally applicable to the
other articles named as illustrative of the views of
the senator from New Hampshire.
The advocates of the tariff were met with a violent
opposition from one quarter of the country—a quar-
ter which he admitted, from its great exportation of
cotton, was deeply interested. There the planters
seemed to think that the manufacturers could not
be true to their own interests, without being at war
with the interests of the cotton groweis; and they as-
sumed, though lie knew not on what grounds, that
the manufacturing interests of New England were
inconsistent witd their (the planters') prosperity.
This was a great fallacy; and one, he thought, easy
of demonstration. Great Britain, required onr raw
cotton for three purposes; first, to manufacture a
fabric to be returned to the American people; sec-
ond, for her own consumption; and third, for the
supply of markets, foreign to both England and
America. Suppose, then, ten millions dollars' worth I
of our exports is manufactured in England and re- j
turded to this country: would not a demand to the
same extent exist,if that §10,000,000 worth was man-
ufactured at home. Let manufactures be erected, and
encouraged in every State and in every county in
the Union, so as to be within reach of the agricul-
tural population, and he would fearlessly assert that
the demand for the raw materia] would increase SO
per cent. The persons thus employed would be-
come consumers, so as to leave no necessity to seek
a foreign market for our surplus produce; and the
benefits ^would be felt by all. If the cotton manu-
factured ill England for the use of this country gives
employment to 100,000 persons, the only difference
in transferring the labor to the same number of our
own fellow-citi2en« would be in the benefit the
cotttit?y Would derive by the increased demand for
their subsistence. As to the domestic consumption
of Great Britain in the article of cotton, that would
remain as it is. Cotton has become a necessary for
which there is no substitute; and England must
have it. And then, as to the Supply of foreign
markets, Great Britain must continue to buy from
us the raw article, if she cannot get it cheaper else-
where. It seemed to him a paradox, which he
would like the honorable senator from South Caro-
lina to eXptain, that "the extension of our cottori
manufactures had a direct and inevitable tendency to
destroy the demand for the raw material."
As to the old and and thread-bare argument, that
the tariff Went to tax the many for the benefit of the
few, he thought it Sufficiently answered; but as the
honorable senator from New Hampshire entered
into what he called facts to illustrate his argument,
he would see how far those facts proved them-
selves. He then entered into a long statistical detail
to show that the calculations of Mr. Woodbury on
the duties of iron, leather, and salt, were fallacious.
The cost of cut nails, an article of iron more gener-
ally used by all classes than any other, was, in liisf
own village, but three and a half cents per pound;
so that, if the senator from South Carolina was
correct in stating that the consumer paid the
duty of three cents per pound, then the cost
of the article itself must only be half a cent per
pound. On leather, that honorable senator described
the duty falling on the consumer at from 30 to 35 per
cent., but he did not say how much Was actually
paid; he left that to be guessed at. Now the fact
was, for the last two years, (and he could not say
how long before,) there was not a single pound of the
heavy leather required by the working-man import-
ed into the country. How, then, could that tax be
imposed where there was nothing to impose it oil?
Salt, he proceeded at length to show, did not im-
pose a tax on each individual of more than two
cents per year; and he contended that raising
a clamor against the duty 011 those articles was not
done from any conviction that these separate taxes
bore hard on the people, but from an interested an-
tipathy to the whole system. Neither, he said, was
it universally the case that the consumer paid the
duty or tax, as argued by the honorable senator
from South Carolina. It would be the case, pro-
vided the demand exceeded the supply; but when
that did not happen, it was, as the circumstance
might be, either by the producer or manufacturer.
He then alluded to the different positions occupied
by the American and European manufacturer. The
former could not compete with the enormous capi-
tal of the latter, who could easily sacrifice from
$50,000 to $500,000, by sending his manufactures
here to sell, not at a price to realize profit, but at a
loss, his object being to undersell and ruin those
who would dare compete with him. This object at-
tained, the market was in his own possession, and
the sum lost was speedily doubled by his increase
of price. The working of the protective system
proved it to be a wise and wholesome measure.
There was now sunk in manufactures of the coun-
try upwards of §300,000,000, producing annually
§240,000,000. He alluded to Mr. Woodbury's ref-
erence to Vermont, and said if that gentleman
would consult his own political friends in that State,
he would find nine-tenths of them favorable to the
protective system.
The senator from New Hampshire himself, when
he looked to the interest of his own State, and Ver-
mont, advocated their protection; but when lie look-
ed to the South, he seemed to be altogether in favor of
the free-trade doctrine. If he should attempt to
urge the latter on his native hills, or on the plains of
Vermont, he would find he could make no converts.
It is in vain to come up to the expectations of each
particular section of the country. In one place it
will be found that the protective policy has not
gone far enough; in another, that it lias gone too far.
It is not for little circles Congress has to legislate,
but for the whole country.
The senator seemed to think, that while the manu-
facturers of wool were protected by a duty of forty
per cent., the growers of wool were protected by h
