CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
295
ministration, will save this republic from threatened
and impending ruin.
By the alienation, distraction, pecuniary embar-
rassments, and other abounding calamities, God in
His providence is saying/in the language of the
prhphet Isaiah, "come now, and let us reason to-
gether. If ye be willing and obedient, ye shall eat
the good of the land; but if ye refuse and rebel, ye
shall be devoured with the sword; for the mouth of
the Lord hath spoken it." (Chap. I, v. 18,20.)
After it was lead, Mr. BELSER moved that it be
not received.
Upon this motion, Mr. ADAMS demanded the
yeas and nays.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON said he hoped the gen-
tleman from Alabama would withdraw his motion,
and allow the petition to be received, and referred to
the select committee to which Were referred the res-
olutions of the legislature of Massachusetts.
Mr. E. J. BLACK observed that, if the gentle-
man from Alabama withdrew his motion, he would
renew it. That select committee, he thought, had
enough to do already.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON then moved to lay the
question of reception on the table.
And upon this motion, Mr. ADAMS demanded
the yeas and nays.
On seconding the demand for the yeas and nays,
there were 22 votes in the affirmative, and 109 in the
negative.
The demand for the yeas and nays not being
seconded,
Mr. ADAMS called for tellers.
And upon seconding this demand, 14 voted in the
affirmative; which not being a sufficient number,
tellers were not ordered.
The question being put, was carried in the affirm-
ative; and the question of reception was accordingly
laid upon the table.
Mr. BURKE presented a memorial from the
democratic members of the General Assembly of
Rhode Island, which entered at great length into the
affairs of the people of that State in their straggle to
obtain a new constitution, and also complained of
the interference of the executive of the United
States. It embraced a great variety of other topics,
and questioned, amongst other things, the legality of
the election of the gentlemen representing Rhode
Island in this House.
Mr. CRANSTON called for the reading of the
document, and the names appended thereto, and
they were read accordingly.
Mr. BURKE moved that this memorial be re-
ferred to a select committee of five members; and
on that he moved the previous question.
Mr. POTTER said the memorial was full of mis-
representations, and he hoped an apportunity would
be afforded to him to say something upon it.
The SPEAKER said debate was not in order, the
previous question having been moved,
Mr. CRANSTON and Mr. POTTER both en-
treated the gentleman from from New Hampshire to
withdraw his motion.
Mr. BURKE said, believing this not to be the
proper time for debate, he could not consent to with-
draw his motion.
Mr. WINTHROP seggested, that as the memo-
rial questioned the right of the gentlemen from
Rhode Island to their seats, it would involve a ques-
tion of privilege on which the gentlemen should be
heard.
Some other observations were made by various
gentlemen.
The SPEAKER then put the question on second-
ing the demand for the previous question. Tellers
were called for, and Messrs. Winthrof and
Haralson were appointed, and they reported
76 in the affirmative, and 62 in the negative. So
there was a second.
The question then recurred on the question,
"shall the main question now be put'"
Mr. CRANSTON called for the yeas and nays
thereon, and they were ordered.
Mr. BARNARD called for
memorial.
Mr. WELLER inquired it it must be read as
often as its reading was called for. It had been read
once in the hearing of the House, and as it was
very long he objected to its being again read.
Mr. BARNARD said it was the usual practice of
the House to read papers on which gentlemen were
called to vote, if desired.
Objections were still made, and some conversation
ensued thereon.
Mr. BURKE said lie would modify his resolu-
tion so as to refer that portion of the' memorial as
related to the right of the members from Rhode Isl-
and to th,Mr,seats to the Committee of Elections.
Mh POTTER inquired if the gentleman coula
modify his motiofi, now that the ptfevious question
had been moved?
The SPEAKER was understood to sdy that the
modification was in order.
Mr. SAUNDERS moved to lay the memorial on
the table.
Mr. WELLER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered) and, being taken, resulted
as follows: yeas 35, nays 144;
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Baker, Bafringef, Barnard,
BeaidslCy, Belief, J. Black, Milton Brown, Bufflngtott,
Burt, Carroll, Chilton, clingman, CollahiM, Dellet, Dick-
ey, Willis Green, Grmnell, Hardin, Joseph R. iHgersoll,
Jenks, Daniel F. King, Edward J. Morris, New-ton, Fatter-
sOn, Ramsey, Robinson, Sstmple, Saunders, Albert Smith,
Andrew Stewart, Summers, and Thomasson—35.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atkinson, Benton, Bidlack,
Edward J. Blick, Blackwfell, Bossier, Bower, Bowlin, Boyd,
Jacob Brinkerhofl', Brodliead, Aaron V. Brown, William
J. Brown, Burke, Caldwell, Cary, Catlin, Chappell, Clinch,
Clinton, Cobb, Cranston, Cullom, Dana, Daniel, K. D. Davis,
J. W. Davis, Dawson, Dean, Deberry, Dickinson,Dillingham,
Dromgoole, Duncan, Dunlap, Ellis, Farlee, ficklin. Fish,
Florence, Foot, French, Giddings, Byram Green, Gridar,'
Hale, Hamlin, Harper, Henley, Herrick, Hoge, Hopkins,
Houston, Hubard, Hubbcll, Hudson, Hughes, Hungerford,
Washington Hunt, James B. Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll,
Irvin, Cave Johnson, Perley B. Johnson, Andrew Johnson,
George W. Jones, Andrew Kennedy, Fieston King, Kirk-
patriek, Labranche, Lewis, Lucas, Lumpkin, Lyon, Mc-
Causlen, McClelland, McClernand, McConnell, McDowell,
McKay, Marsh, Matliews, Moore, Moseley, Murphy, Mor-
ris, Owen, Pannenter, Payne, Pettit, Peyton, Elisha R.
Potter Emery D. Potter, Pratt, Ptirdy, Rathbun, Rayner,
Aim on H. Read, Charles M. Reed, David S. Reid, Red-
ing, Relfe, Rockwell, Rogers, Russell, St. John, Schenck,
Senter, Severance, Thomas H. Seymour, David L. Seymour,
Simons, Slidell. John T. Smith, Thomas Smith, Caleb B.
Smith, Robert Smith, Steenrod, Stephens, Stetson, John
Stewart, Stiles, Stone, Stiong, Tajlor, Thompson, Tib-
batts, Tilden, Tucker, Tyler, Vance, Vanmeter, Vmton,
Weller Wentworth, Wheaton, White, Williams, Win-
throp, Woodward, William Wright, Joseph A. Wright, and
Yost—144.
Mr. BURKE said that he should not insist upon
the modification, but would allow the whole to go
to the select committee.
The question was then propounded by the Speak-
er, Shall the main question be now put?
Mr. HOLMES inquired what the main question
was. .
The SPEAKER said the mam question would be
upon agreeing to the motion of the gentleman from
New Hampshire, that the memorial offered by him
be referred to a select committee of five.
Mr. ADAMS suggested that the committee be
enlarged.
The SPEAKER remarked that the proposition
could not now be modified, as the previous question
had been ordered.
Mr. CAMPBELL reminded the Speaker that tins
decision was not in conformity with former decis-
ions, though he would not say that it was incorrect.
Mr. HALE inquired whether the gentleman was
in order.
The SPEAKER remarked that no question could
be now entertained except that upon which the
previous question had been ordered.
The yeas and nays were then taken, and resulted
—yeas 113, nays 69. as follows:
YE A.S—Messrs. Atkinson, Benton, Bidlack, James A.
Black, Blaekwell, Bossier, Bower, Bowlin, Boyd, Jacob
Briukeilioft", Brodliead, William J. Brown, Burke, Burt,
Caldwell, Cary, Catlin, Reuben Chapman, Cobb, Cross,
Cullom, Dana, John W. Davis, Dean, Dillingham, DroM-
goole, Duncan, Farlee, Ficklin, Foster, French, Byram
Green, Hamlin, Hays, Henley, Herrick, Hoge, Hopkins,
Houston, Hubbard, Hubbell, Hughes, Hungerford, James
B. Hunt, Cave Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George w.
Jones, Andrew Kennedy, Freston King, Labranche, Lewis.
Lucas, McCauslen, Maelay, McClelland, McClernand, Mc-
Connell, McDowell. McKay, Mathews, Moore, Murphy,
Norris, Owen, Parmcnter, Payne, Emery D. Potter. Pratt,
Purdy, Rathbun. Aim on H. Read, David S Rem, Keding,
Relfe, Ritter, Robinson, Russell, St. John, Saunders,
Thomas H. Seymour. David L. Seymour, Simons. Slidell,
John T. Smith, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Steenrod,
Stetson, John Stewart, Stiles, Stone, Strong, Taylor, Thomp-
son, Tibbatts, Tucker, Weller, Wentworth, w heaton, Wil-
liams, Woodward, Joseph A. Wright,and Yost 113.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Baker, Barrmger, Bar-
nard, Beardsley, Belser, Milton Brown, Buffington, Car-
roll, Chappell, Chilton, Clinch, Clingman, Coles, Collamer,
Cranston, Richard D. Davis, Dawson, Deberry, Delict,
Dickey, Dickinson, Fish, Florence Giddings, Willis Glee ,
Gnnnell, Grider, Hardin, Harper, Holmes, Hudson, Wash-
ington Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll. Irvin, Jenks, Feriey B.
Jonnson, Daniel p. King, Marsh, Edward J Morris, Morse,
Moseley, Newton, Patterson, Pevtoh, Elisha R. rotter,
Ramsev Ravner, C. M. Read, Rockwell, Rogers, Sample,
Senter, Severance, Albert,Smith, Caleb B. Smith, StepboM.
Andrew Stewart, Summers, Thomasson, Tilden, lller,
Vance, Vanmeter, Vinton, Wlute, Wmthrop, and WlWam
Wright—69
Mr. DUNLAP, not being within the bar,at the
moment when the question was put, desired per-
mission to vote; which being refused, Mr. D. stated
that he would have voted yea.
The memorial was then referred to a select com-
mittee of five, and ordered to be printed.
Petitions were presented from New Hampshire
by Mr. BURKE.
from Maine: By Messrs. SEVERANCE, (one
of wilieh prayed that no new State be admitted into
the Union wfiose constitution tolerated slavery,.and,
on motion of Mr. BELSER> it was not received,)
HAMLIN, and MOR&E-
Mr. HAMLIN obtained permission to make a
report from the Committee of Elections on the sub-
ject of electing electors of President and Vice Presi-
dent, accompanied by a bill. ■rV.-vr
From Massachusetts: By Messrs. PARMEN-
TER and WINTHROP.
From Rhode Island: By Mr. CRANSTON.
From Connecticut: By Messrs. SEYMOUR and
SIMONS.
Ffora Vermont: By Messrs. DILLINGHAM
and FOOT.
From New York: By Messrs. D. L. SEYMOUR,
HUNGERFORD, BEARDSLEY, MOSELEY,
TYLER, FISH, (one of which was near three
hundred feet long, and signed by about 10,000 citi-
zens of New York. COWplaimng of the introduction
of foreign paupers, and asking an ;alteration in
the naturalization laws,) BARlCiiR-D, CARROL,
PATTERSON, CARY, HUNT, and. RATHBUN.
From Pennsylvania: By Messrs. DlO&£< Y, t-..
M. READ, FOSTER, BRODHEAD, BiPLACK,
HAYS, and C. J. INGERSOLL.
From Virginia: By Messrs. HOPKINS, CHIL-
TON, SAMPSON, TAYLOR, STEENROD, and
ATKINSON.
From North Carolina: By Messrs. CLINGMAN,
DEBERRY, RAYNER and McKAY.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of South Carolina, asked leave,
having no petition to present, to introduce a bill of
which he had previously given notice, concern-
ing the conveyance or devise of places of public
worship in the District of Columbia: referred to the
Committee of the Whole. , nr.
From South Carolina: By Messrs WOODWARD
and BURT. ,
From Georgia: By Messrs. E. J. BLACK and
STEPHENS.
From Kentucky: By Messrs. CALDWELL,
STONE, TIBBATTS, and THOMASSON.
From Tennessee: By Messrs. DICKINSON and
SENTER.  
From Ohio- By Messrs. VANCE, HARPER,
DUNCAN, DEAN, H. A. MOORE. SCHENCK,
Mcdowell, weller, potter, vinton,
VANMETER, and GIDDINGS.
Mr. HOLMES moved that when the House ad-
journ, it adjourn until Wednesday next; which was
carried. , .
Petitions' were presented from Louisiana by
Mr. BOSSIER.  
From Indiana: By Messrs. WRIGHT, THOS.
SMITH, SAMPLE, OWEN, HENLEY, KEN-
NEDY, and BROWN. . ,
Mr. JOSEPH A. WRIGHT asked and obtained
leave to introduce a bill to confirm certain lands
to the State of Indiana. The bill confirms to the
State of Indiana the lands selected by her last sum-
mer, amounting to about fifty thousand acres, and
authorizes the further selection of land to the amount
of about forty thousand acres—in all one hundred
and twelve thousand acres; being the amount o
land that the State is entitled to for the prosecution
of the Wabash and Erie canal, growing out of the
length of said canal—the same being measured by
the actual number of miles that said canal has to be
worked, and not by the distance that it is from point
t0^tr.nOWEN presented the following joint resolu-
tion of the Legislature of Indiana:
"A joint resolution on the subject of the Oregon
Territory.
"Whereas the district of country, known as the
Territory of Oregon, rightfully belongs to our na-
tional government; and whereas the insatiate ava-
rice and grasping spirit of the British Government
seems already directed to its subjugation and conver-
sion; and whereas the slightest lr.fiingement of na-
tional right is a prelude to more high-lianded and au-
dacious aggressions:
"Thereforehe it resolved, That our senators in Con-
gress be instructed, and our representatives be re-
quested, to use their proper instrumentality to pro-
