CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
vide for the immediate occupation, organization, arid
adequate defence of the Oregon Territory, peaceably
if we (San, forcibly if we must.
' "Resolved, That the governor forward to each of
our senators and representatives a copy of this pre-
amble and resolution immediately on its passage."
A. L. ROBINSON,
Speaker of the Home of Representatives.
JESSE D. BRIGHT,
President of the Senate.
Approved, Jan. 13,1844.
JAMES WHITCOMB.
Mr. HENLEY said, in presenting the resolution
of the legislature of Indiana, which I now do, in-
structing my colleagues and myself to vote for and
urge an appropriation in public lands to construct a
canal around the falls of the Ohio river at Jefferson-
ville, I take this occasion, as not inappropriate,
though rather out of order, to call the attention of
the House, and of the country, to some facts import-
ant to be known in connexion with this question.
There is now a canal at the falls of the Ohio, on the
Kentucky side of the river, and tlie owners of the
canal, being a private company, have already asked
the government to purchase their stock in the same,
and makft its navigation free. This is a proposition
for a canal on the Indiana side of the river. Now,
sir., the f^cts I wish to state, for which I ask the
Consideration of the House, are, First: the Louisville
and Portland canal will cost the government more,
by several hundred thousand dollars, than to con-
struct a ttw-canal on the Indiana side of the
river. Second: that canal is too small; and if
purchased by the government, would require a large
expenditure of money to enlarge it to a sufficient
size to answer the purposes of the commerce of that
river, its size being insufficient to admit the large
class of steamboats. Third: the eddy formed at
the lower end of the canal by Corn island, causes
constant deposite of sediment between the mouth of
the canal and-the channel of the river, which is now
quite an obstruction to the navigation of the canal;
and will shortly, without great expense, render it
almost entirely useless in low water, which is the
only time it is much needed. Fourth: the harbor
of the city of Louisville (which surrounds the up-
per entrance of the canal) is a basin; and was, many
years ago, called Patton's pond. It is between and
above the head of Corn island and the shore, and is
fast filling up. Twenty years ago, at low water,
this pond was twenty feet deep; now it is but ten
feet deep—the water there, on account of the ob-
structions of Corn island, and the rocks adjacent to
it, being some inches higher, and consequently more
quiescent than at the opposite shore. 1 he inevitable
consequence of which is, to cause the filling up of
the channel to the mouth of the canal, and will re-
quire a constant expenditure to keep it open. This
has already caused great embarrassment to the com-
pany owning the work; and boats are frequently
seen sticking in the mud, both at the lower and up-
per entrance of the canal: hence thtf anxiety of
the company to sell out to the government.
It is perhaps necessary, sir, to remark that the
canal at Louisville will cost about $1,5200,000; and
tjiat a canal can be constructed on the Indiana side
along the shore or bank of the riv er, at a cost, at the
the highest estimate, not to exceed $350,000; that
an improvement completely to overcome the ob-
structions by a dam acid locks can be made for
$125,000. But as a temporary measure, and one for
which I demand immediate consideration, is the
blasting out of a straight schute through the falls
■without lowering the level above; is of immense
utility, and meets the approbation of the most ex-
perienced navigators of the western rivers. This
improvement, as I am informed by an experienced
and highly respectable engineer, will not cost more
than §30,000—only about one-eighth of the amount
annually paid by the enterprising flat-boat men of the
West in tolls to the proprietors of the Louisville and
Portland canal. This small appropriation, sir, would
relieve our commerce of this enormous annual tax.
Mr. Speaker, an engineer was deputed, during the
hist summer, to examine and report upon the vari-
ous plans suggested for overeovering tiie obstruc-
tions at the falls of the Ohio. The report of that
engineer was called for early in the session by a
resolution presented by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Tibbatts,] but it has not been made;
where it is, or what is the cause of this detention, I
know not. But the session is passing away; the
< ^minittee on Commerce is about to report; the es-
1 mates for the expenditures of the year are bding
made up; and this great question in regard to the
falls of the Ohio is passing by for the session. I
have, therefore, seized upon this occasion as the
only opportunity I could have of bringing the mat-
ter to the consideration of the House. This is a
question, Mr. Speaker, in which Indiana has no
more interest than every other State in the great val-
ley of the Mississippi. It interests us all; it interests
the Union; and it is for that reason that I have
thought proper, at this time, to mention these fact3—
facts, sir, which I shall be able to prove, at a proper
time, to the satisfaction of every member of this
House. I move a reference of the resolution to the
Committee on Roads and Canals.
The resolution was referred.
Petitions were presented from Illinois by Messrs.
ROBERT SMITH, HOGE, WENTWORTH,
FICKLIN, McCLERNAND, and HARDIN.
From Albama: By Messrs. LEWIS, CHAP-
MAN, and PAYNE.
Mr. CHAPMAN offered the following resolution;
which was agreed to.
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of passing
an act, declaratory of the construction of the pre-
emption acts of 1838, 1840, and 1841, so as to allow
to the heirs of pre-emptors, who died between the
time of making the settlement, and the expiration
thereof, required by the said laws (and having in all
other respects complied with the conditions of
the act under which the claim is made,) to take the
pre-emption their ancestor would have been enti-
titled to if he had lived during the time specified by
the act.
From Missouri: By Messrs. JAMESON, BOW-
LIN, and HUGHES.
From Arkansas: By Mr. CROSS.
[Mr. CROSS submitted the following resolution;
which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to cause to be communicated to this House copies
of all contracts entered into within four years prior
to the commencement of the present Congress, or
pending and unfulfilled at that time, for the improve-
ment of the navigation of the Mississippi river, or its
tributaries, or any one or more of them; the amount
expended under such contracts, or otherwise, and in
what manner; a statement of the amount appropria-
ted, and unexpended, at the beginning of the present
fiscal year; the names and residence of contractors,
and superintendents thereof, whether private in-
dividuals or public officers, with copies of their res-
pective reports, and correspondence relating thereto;
the orders or instructions under which they, or any
of them, acted, or still act; whether such contractors
or superintendents are allowed, in any case, in pros-
ecuting said improvements, to exercise their own
discretion; and if so, under what circumstances; and
all such other and further information within the
control of the War Department as may serve to
show the extent of improvements made, contem-
plated, or necessary, in said rivers; discriminating
between improvements deemed necessary in a mili-
tary point of view, and those in furtherance of com-
merce.]
From Michigan : By Messrs. McCLELLAND,
HUNT, and LYON.
Mr. LYON gave notice that he would, on some
future day, ask leave to introduce a bill to grant to
each of the States in which the public lands are sit-
uated, a quantity of land equal to that which has
been granted to the State of Ohio.
:Vnd that he woidd also, to-morrow, ask leave to
introduce a bill to amend an act confirming certain
land claims in the State of Michigan.
Messrs. RAMSEY, ADAMS, and STEWART,
obtained permission to present petitions.
Mr. PARMENTER moved that the Speaker fill
the vacancy in the Naval Committee, occasioned by
the resignation of its chairman, Mr. Wise; whiah
was agreed to.
RESIGNATION OF MR. WILKINS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from Mr. Wilkins, (now Secretary of
War,) resigning his seat in this House; which, on
the motion of Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, was laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
On the motion of Mr. J. C. INGERSOLL, the
Speaker was directed to fill the vacancy in the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, occasioned by the resig-
nation of Mr. Gilmer.
The House then adjourned to Wednesday next.
The following petitions, presented to-day, were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By Mr. TYLER: The petition of S. B. Wheeler
and others, praying for an appropriation to repair
the public works at Dunkirk harbor, New York.
The petition of Moses Woods and others, praying
for the further prosecution of the public works at
Barcelona harbor, Chautauque county, New York.
The petition of George Hall and others, praying for
the same. The remonstrance of Bliss C. Willough-
by and others, inhabitants of Cattaraugus county,
New York, against the annexation of Texas to the
United States.
By Mr. McCONNELL: The petition of numer-
ous citizens of Randolph county, Alabama, praying
the establishment of a mail-route. The memorial of
John T. Ball, praying to be allowed the difference
between the pay of a messenger and an extra clerk.
By Mr- A. H. READ: Two memorials, signed
by citizens of Troy, Bradford county, Pennsylvania,
praying for reduction in the rates of postage: refer-
red to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
By Mr. OWEN: The memorial of JohnSaltz-
man and 110 other citizens of Posey county, Indi-
ana, asking a grant of land to complete the national
thoroughfare between the lakes and the Ohio, by the
improvement of the Wabash. The memorial of
Thomas Everton and 122 others, citizens of Indiana
and other States, praying for a grant of the unsold
lands in the Vincennes land district, to complete the
canal from Lake Erie to the Ohio river at Evans-
ville.
By Mr. SAMPLE: The petition of A. R. Jones
and 84 others, citizens of Indiana, praying a grant
to said State of the lands lying in the Ymcennes dis-
trict, for the extension of the Wabash and Erie canal
to the Ohio river.
By Mr. WENTWORTH: A petition fiom the
members of the Chicago bar, praying that two terms
of the United States courts may be holden at that
place each year: referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary. Also, the petition of Joel A. Matteson
and Hardin Bigelow, praying for damages sustained
by them in the transportation of railroad iron: refer-
red to the Committee on Roads and Canals. Also,
the petition of John Fitch, praying for the refunding
of certain purchase money for land to which the
patent is withheld: referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
By Mr. HOGE: The petition of Albion T. Crow
and 182 others, citizens of Illinois, praying a reduc-
tion of the present rates of postage: referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin: The memorial
ofW. White and 175 others, citizens of McHenry
county, State of Illinois, asking Congress for an ap-
propriation for a harbor at the town of Southport,
in the Territory cf Wisconsin: referred to the Com-
mittee of Commerce. The memorial of John Dins-
more and 72 others, citizens of Walworth county,
Territory of Wisconsin, asking Congress for an
appropriation for a harbor at the "town of Southport,
in said Territory: referred to the Committee on Com-
merce. The memorial of Ira Newman and 89
others, citizens of Racine county, Territory of Wis-
consin, asking Congress for an appropriation for a
harbor at the town of Southport, in said Territory:
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. HAMLIN: The petition of Myrick Em-
erson and 47 others, citizens of Orono, Maine, for
the abolition of spirit rations in the navy, and that
some substitute shall be provided for said rations.
By Mr. FISH: The petition of Charles Clark
and others, citizens of New York, for a grant of
lands to the State of Indiana, to aid in the construc-
tion of certain public works. The petition of the
Chamber of Commerce, of the city of New York, in
relation to the commercial intercourse with China.
The petition of Andrew Foster & Sons, and others,
merchants, ship-owners, and ship-builders, in New
York to provide for the annulling of the reciprocity
treaties with the northern powers of Europe. The
petition of about ten thousand citizens of New York,
complaining of the introduction of foreign paupers,
and asking an alteration of the naturalization laws.
By Mr. CALDWELL: The petition of various
citizens of Pulaski and Rockcastle counties, praying
for the establishment of a post route from Somerset
to Richmond, Kentucky, by way of Gilmer's Store
and Mount Vernon. Also, a petition, very nume-
rously signed, for the establishment of a post route
from Somerset to London, in Laurel county, Ken-
tucky: referred to the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads.
