314
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Vinton.
Feb. 1844.
Report of the Committee of Elections—Mr.
H. of Reps.
States to fix any one day by law. Now, it was a
principle of common sense, and a rule of law, that
whoever was required to do an impracticable thing,
■was of necessity discharged from the performance of
the duty. Congress, in the supposed ease, having left
i ts legislation at a point where the States cannot take
up the subject and carry out the details, they have
of necessity exonerated them from doing what the
constitution would otherwise require of them. The
fair inference, however, from this argument of the
committee is, that when there exists no difficulty in
taking up the subject where Congress left it, it is
then a duty of the States, imposed on them by the
constitution, to go on and perfect such details as
Congress has left them to provide. And in reference
to the duty of the State legislatures, he supposed the
true rule of interpretation of this clause of the consti-
tution to be, that when Congress acted in part on any
one of the subjects enumerated in the clause, on
either time, place, or manner, leaving the residue to
be done by the States, it was the duty of each
State for itself, if there was no insuperable obstacle
in its way, to go on and pass the necessary laws to
give effect to what had been done by Congress.
That was, as he thought, the rule; and when it was
impracticable for the State legislatures to do this,
that was an exception to the rule. The committee
have very clearly proved, that in the case supposed
by them the States could not go on and legislate; but
before they can claim the benefit of that as an analo-
gous case, they are bound to show that the same
difficulty stands in the way of State legislation in
the case now before the House—that it is impracti-
cable for the States to go on and make the districts
required by the act of Congress. But, unfortunate-
ly for this argument, the legislatures of twenty-two
States (Georgia inclusive) have proved there is no
such difficulty, by going on and making these very
districts. We arc brought then to this: that the
committee having proved, by a logical course of
reasoning, that where it is impracticable for the
States to legislate, they are discharged from the per-
formance of that duty. They most lllogically deduce
from this the proposition that, when Congress acts
at all, they are discharged from passing the necessa-
ry laws to carry the legislation of Congress into ef-
fect, where it is practicable, as well as where it is
impracticable. He would dismiss this deduction of
the committee from their supposed case, by saying
it was a sophistry, a fallacy that could not stand the
lest of scrutiny.
He proposed now to turn his attention to the other
inference of the committee in respect to their sup-
posed law—to wit, that such u law would be in-
valid. He had already said he dissented from that,
and would, in a few words, give his reason for his
dissent. He had no doubt such a law would be
valid. If Congress, in the supposed case, were to
dcclare that the elections m all the States should be
held on the same day, without naming a day, both
the committee and himself had shown it was im-
piacticable for the State legislatures to fix the day.
And what of that? Could not Congress do it by a
supplemental law"' It might have good reasons for
not naming the day when it laid down the general
rule. It might not then know what day would be
most convenient to all or most of the States, and ve-
ly properly defer the fixing of the day till the neces-
sary information was obtained. Nay, more: if Con-
gress left its legislation so that the States could not
take it up, it would thereby assume upon itself a
duty the most imperative to go on and malic the ne-
cessary supplemental laws, or repeal what it had
done, so that the elections for this House might be
had. And no one could presume that, m such a
case, Congress would fail to discharge this duty.
The very case, then, put forth and relied upon by
the committee as an example of an invalid act,
would itself be a valid and binding law. It can
therefore give no support to a proposition to overturn
the act of Congress now in question.
Mr. Vinton said he would now proceed to say a
few words about the other case presented as an anal-
ogy by the committee in support of this proposi-
tion; and, when he had done so, he should have ex-
amined all the arguments that had been urged,
either by the committee m their report, or by gen-
tlemen on this floor, in proof of this position, on
which they rest the whole question now before us.
The committee put the case of Congress passing
a bankrupt act so imperfect in its provisions that it
could not be executed without further legislation—
and they infer, that because in such case Congress
must perfect its own law, and could not require the
Stf.te legislatures t® pass laws in aid of its own act,
that therefore it follows, that when Congress passes
a law under the clause of the constitution now in
question, on the subject of time, place, or manner of
holding elections, it must in like manner make its
legislation complete without the aid of the States.
That if it do anything about any one subject, it must
do all. A moment's reflection will satisfy any gen-
tleman that the two cases are wholly unlike.
The constitution of the United States does not con-
fer on the State legislatures the power to enact bank-
rupt laws, much less impose it on them as a duty;
but it gives to Congress the power to establish "uni-
form laws on the subject of -bankruptcies through-
out the United States." The bankrupt laws passed
by Congress must be "uniform in all the States," it
can pass no other. For the reason already given on
another topic, the State legislatures could pass no
such uniform laws, nor aid in passing them. And
further, as the laws of Congress must establish a uni-
form system of bankruptcy, it followed as a neces-
sary consequence, that when Congress passed its
laws, they put aside all State laws on the subject;
otherwise, instead of a uniform system, there
might be one code of laws on that subject
in New York, another in New Jersey, and
so of every other State. But the clause of the con-
stitution now in question makes'it the duty of the
State legislatures—a duty mandatory and imperative
on them—to pass laws to regulate the times, places,
and manner of holding the elections for members of
this House. In the performance of this duty, the
State legislatures do not act under their own State
constitutions, nor do they pass these laws for their
States, considered as governments, but they act un-
der the constitution of the United States by its au-
thority, and in obedience to its command, and their
acts on this subject are laws of and for the United
States within their respective limits, as much as
though the same laws had been made by Congress
itself; while to Congress is given a plenary ana su-
pervisory power over this whole subject. And thus,
by this clause, the legislature of the Union, and the
legislatures of the several States, are brought, as it
were, into the very presence of each other to co-
operate together in carrying out the ends of this grant
of power; each is the agent of the constitution;
each acts separately by its proper faculties, but un-
der the eye of each other; and each is presumed, as
its acts are public, to know what and how much the
other has done. They are like two independent me-
chanics engaged in the fabrication of the same in-
strument or machine, with a power in one to leave
the v, hole business to be done by the other, to alter
what the other has done, to do the whole himself to
the exclusion of the other, or to make a part and
leave as much or as little to be made by the other as
he, in his discretion, may think proper. That is
the way this power is deposited by this clause of
the constitution, and there is nothing else like it m
the constitution, unless, indeed, the power over the
militia have some affinity to it. The States in all
other cases make laws for themselves, and not for
the United States, excc.pt that the State laws fixing
the qualifications of electors of the most numerous
branch of the State legislature, become, by the adop-
tion of the constitution, the law of the United States,
giving to the same electors the right to vote for rep-
resentatives to this House; but over these laws, and
over this last subject, Congress has no supervision
or power whatever. Thus, it will be seen that the
clause now in question, and the clause of the consti-
tution respecting bankruptcies, have no analogy to
each other in any respect; each clause must be con-
strued so as to accomplish its peculiar and proper
ends and objects. Whate\er, therefore, may have
been decided, or may be imagined by gentlemen re-
specting the bankrupt clause, cannot give the least
support to the proposition assumed by the commit-
tee, and which he thought he had now sufficiently
shown to be a mere assumption, a bald and naked
fallacy.
And this, (Mr. Vinton said,) brought him to the
consideration of what was always entitled to the
greatest weight in the interpretation of the constitu-
tion, and indeed of all laws. It brings as to these
inquiries, viz: Why was this power thus deposited
in this peculiar way? What is the policy of it?
What ends did the framers of the constitution intend
to accomplish by it' If we understand these things,
they will serve as safe guides to find out what are the
respective powers and duties of Congress, and of the
State legislatures, and where the boundary line
between them is. One great reason, without
doubt, for giving this power to" the State le-
gislatures, and snaking jts exercise obligatory on
them was, that it was the most convenient, if not a
necessary means, of bringing the two Houses of
Congress through their agency into existence, ana
putting that branch of the general government into
operation. Another very controlling reason for giv-
ing this power to the States, and which will increase
in force as the country increases in numbers, is un-
doubtedly to be traced to the jealousy of the State
governments and of the people, from an apprehen-
sion that this power would be used by the general
government, to fill the country everywhere with a
swariji of federal officers, creatures of the general
government, to stand over every ballot-box in the
country, and harass the people with their imperti-
nent interference and electioneering. It was, there-
fore, most undoubtedly, the expectation of the
framers of the constitution, that the principal busi-
ness of making these laws would be left to the State
legislatures, that Congress (only in case of neglect
by the States to make laws) would do no more than
provide such regulations as ought to be uniform
throughout the whole country, and leave it with the
States to make such particular laws as in each State
would be best adapted to carry these uniform regu-
lations into effect. Mr. Madison, when called oil
in the Virginia convention for the adoption by that
State of the constitution of the United States, to give
information as to what was intended by this clause,
said, among other things in reply, it was thought by
the convention that framed the constitution, "that
the regulation of the time, place, and manner of
electing the representatives, should be uniform
throughout the continent." And lie further said,
that "considering the State governments^ and gene-
ral government as distinct bodies, acting in different
capacities for the people, it was thought the partic-
ular regulations should be submitted to the former,
and the general regulations to the latter.—See Elli-
ott's Debates, 2d vol., page 277.
Now, it is not a little remarkable that, in passing
the act directing that the elections should be by sin-
gle districts throughout the Union—making, in the
words of Mr. Madison, the general regulation, and
leaving the particular regulation (viz: the forming
of the districts) to the States—Congress pursued the
very mode, and did the very thing, that Mr. Madi-
son (who had been a distinguished member of the
federal convention) stated, when called upon as a
witness, was intended by the framers of the consti-
tution should be done.
Great weight is due to this statement of Mr. Mad-
ison, from the fact that it was made to his brother
delegates in the Virginia convention, as information
for them to act upon. It is not, therefore, like an
ordinary speech, intent upon maintaining or carry-
ing a point in debate. If, then, we give credit, as
we must, to his statement,  t follows, as an unavoid-
able consequence, that, when Congress passed the
act declaring that the elections should be held in sin-
gle districts throughout the Union, it became the
bounden doty of the State legislatures, nay, they
are commanded by this clause of the constitution, to
go on and make the districts. No one can pre-
tend there was anything to prevent the States
from doing this. Most of them have done it;
and those States which have sent their mem-
bers here under a general ticket, m violation of
the act of Congress, have done it with their
eyes open, and have none but themselves to
complain of, if we aie not as ready and willing
as they to repudiate and set at naught a solemn law
of the land; and that, too, a law in respect to the
policy and propriety of which a vast majority of the
people of the United States are agreed in opinion.
Mr. Vinton said, the proper time had now come
for him to adduce proof of what was perfectly ob-
vious from the language employed in this clause,
that it included the power to lay off districts, When
this clause was under debate m the federal conven-
tion, Mr. Madison delivered his views upon it at
length. He would refer to a part of his speech
which would put this matter at rest. Mr, Madi-
son said:
''The legislatures of the States ought not to have the
uncontrolled right of regulating the times, places, and man
ner of holding elections. These wereuordsof great lati-
tude. It was impossible to foresee all the abuses that
might be made of the discretionary power. Whether the
electors should vote by ballot or viva voce; should assem-
ble at this place or that place, should be divided into dis-
tricts or all meet at one place, should all vote for alt the
representatives, or all in a district vote for a member allot-
ted to the district,—these, and many other points, would de-
pend on the legislatures, and might materially affect the ap-
pointments."—See Madison Papers, 3 vol., page 1,280.
This extract requires no comment.
The doctrine of the other side—that Congress must
