CONCrRESSiONAIiSI*
Hit
best lands in Mississippi, "subject to entry;" and
that, of course, they would be liable to be taken up
by these new donative floats.
But it was worse yet. All settlers heretofore,
where their claims or possessions lapped,, had been
obliged to divide the lap—each one taking but half
of what both surveys covered. This was the gen-
eral law—the established land law and practice of
the land office. Yet the 4th section of this bill con-
tained a provision authorizing either of them, "be-
low the 31st degree of latitude," to relinquish his
whole survey—to abandon his claim to 640 acres of
"sterile, sandy soil"—and take a new warrant, (a
land float, they called it,) to be located anywherein
(he land district—viz: to'be located upon the rich
and valuable fresh lands of Mississippi north of the
31st degree of latitude, which either were in market
or would soon be open for entry.
Against this he protested. He would continue to
resist such measures. He repeated, that he felt as
ready as any man to confirm the past bounty of the
government; but there was not the shadow of a
claim to the privileges and pretences set up in the
third and fourth sections.
The "settlers"—the "poor settlers"—had been
quieted in their possessions fifteen or twenty years
ago. Judging by experience and observation in like
cases, it was probable these settlers had long since
sold out for a trifle their chances for "deficiencies," to
another class of gentlemen called speculators, and
they would be more benefited by this bill than any
one else. That, however, was only a conjecture.
That, whether settlers or speculators, they had no
sort of claim to a new donation in another and richer
section of the State of Mississippi; and that was suf-
ficient to convince the Senate that, unless this bill is
amended, it ought not to pass. Mr. H. said he had
presented the facts as he had found them to be upon
investigation. The Senate now knew them. His
duty was discharged. Let the Senate do as they
pleased, and lie was contented. He would say no
more at present.
Mr. HENDERSON replied at much length, con-
tending that the bill was not liable to the objections
urged by the senator from North Carolina. He
maintained that the settlers there possessed grants
under Spain before that country belonged to the
the United States; but when the law of 1813 was
parsed, permitting them to occupy each a quantity
not exceeding 640 acres, they abandoned then-
grants under Spain, because they found it easier to
locate under that law than establish their original
grants. The survey then made, he showed by maps
he held in his hand, were very irregular—some
claims overlapping others; that they were very er-
roneous. The settlers, however, were willing to
Slave the surveys confirmed so as to secure their
titles. This bill provided for their confirmation; and,
at the same time, provided that, if any of the claims
fall short to an amount exceeding forty acres,
the claimants shall have the privilege of locating in
that land district sufficient to make up the deficien-
cy. It was the intention of the law of 181.3, he cent-
tended, to give the settlers 640 acres, and not less.
The objection of the Senator from North Carolina
as to the privilege of selecting lands anywhere in
the district, was'not well grounded. The privilege
could upt operate as a float to cov.er rich lands below
31°, for there was no land below ihat degree
subject to sale by private entry.
Mr. PHELPS remarked that he had not had an
opportunity to examine the bill critically; and he
was not prepared to vote for it. He supposed there
were other gentlemen in the same predicament; and,
with ,a view to afford an opportunity for an exami-
nation of its provisions, he moved to lay the bill on
the table.
Mr. HENDERSON interposed objections to tlwt
course. But,
Mr. PHELPS insisting on hie motion, the ques-
tion was put, and it was agreed to.
pension agents.
Engrossed bill making compensation to pension
agents was read the third time and passed.
OREGOH,
Mr. SEMPLE said he gave notice on yesterday
that he would to-day, call up the resolution direct-
 g the President of the United States to give notice
to the British government for the termination of
that provision of the treaty allowing a joint occupa-
tion of the Oregon Territory. But since that time,
lie had been informed that one of .the honorable sen-
ators from Massachusetts desired to debate the tsrijt
question. Being disposed to accommodate, in every
manner he could, he would not press the, motion he
indicated yesterday; but would waive it with the
understanding that it should be taken up to-mor-
row.
THE TARIFF—THE COMPROMISE ACT.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, the Senate resumed-
the consideration of the resolution of the Committee
on Finance, for the indefinite postponement of the
bill introduced by Mr. McDuffie, to reduce the
rates of duties under the present tariff to the standard
of the compromise act, on the ground that the sen-
ate had no constitutional right to originate such a
bill.
Mr. BATES purposed to present to the Senate,
in as brief a manner as possible, his views of the
protective system," and to obviate, as far as in
his power lay, the objections'urged by those opposed
to its policy. As this question excited more
particular attention in Massachusetts, it would be
deemed discourteous on his part, if he suffered it to
pass without paying to it his respects. He regret-
ted that the honorable senator from New Hamp-
shire could not conclude his very elaborate speech,
which, without intention on the part of that gentle-
man, was both deceptive and illusive, without favor-
ing the people of Massachusetts with an admonition,
which he (Mr. B.) assured him would, from that
people, meet all the respect to which it was entitled.
He did not approve of his [Mr. Woodbury's] taste
in informing the Senate that the people of New
Hampshire were patriotic, energetic, enterprising,
and had shed their blood in defence of their country
during the last war. This had no connexion with
anything before the Senate; but if it was intended
by it to convey to the Senate that Massachusetts did
not do likewise, it was indeed bad in taste and
spirit. What facts would bear out the latter as-
sumption? None. While New Hampshire sent
into the field less than 5,000 men, Massachusetts
sent 38,000, counting each time every individual
was engaged in action. Massachusetts had, during
that war, 600 miles of seacoast to defend, whilp
New Hampshire had not more than 10 or 16 miles.
As to the regular army, New Hampshire supplied
one regiment of 1,500 men, while Massachusetts
sent forth 6,000. It was the sailors of Massachu-
setts who fought the "Guerriere." It was the sail-
ors of Massachusetts who fought with McDonough
on Lake Champlain. So far, then, for the part Massa-
chusets took in that struggle. But if the statement
of th# honorable Senator vfas only intended to
allude to a difference of opinion between the Gov-
ernor of Massachusetts and the President of the
United States, he, for one, could not highly appreci-
ate the motives of the honorable senator in reviving
the subject. Mr. Bates proceeded to pass a high
eulogium on the then governor, than whom a better
man he never knew.
The honorable senator from South Carolina, pass-
ing over Delaware, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, New
York, and scarcely touching at Connecticut, knock-
ed loudly (not to say rudely) at the door of Massa-
chusetts, aiid branded her as a robber and a plun-
derer. He accused he? of having pocketed his
money—the fruits of his earnings. Massachusetts
had but little money; but what little she had ^as
dug from the hard earth by the labor of her hands,
or fished, amid the perils of the stormy deep. It
was the produce of the labor of her women and
children—the fruits of the lamp-lit toils of her me-
chanics, or the earnings of her sailors from zone to
zone. What little she had was accounted for by
the habits of industry and economy of her children;
but she had not sufficient to justify the assumption
that she obtained it by fraudulent means—much
less such an assumption as came from the senator
froip South Carolina. If she has wealth, how has
she got ltr It «/il} be answered, By the protective
system—a system which .the honorable senator dig-
nifies with the title of infernal. WhMr.ar infernal
or otherwise, he best knows; for in his own Stair:—-
in South Carolinp^did that system first originate.
If a monster, it was one eiigendere.d in an.d crawling
from the stagnant pools of South Carolina, and
bearing the Palmetto stamp. Mr. B. here went into
statistical details, showing that the acts of 181.6 and
1624, which increased the duties on all necessaries,
were carried by the open support of southern mem-
bers—many articles, under those bills, varying ad
valorem from to 90 per cent.—and then asked
who planted the minimum of those acts. Not Mas-
sachusetts; for out of fourteen representatives, on®
on!v cpuld be fotjnd to vote for the bill of 1824-
iJhat act was aep]iog,t&e' J^lfc^o|'ilje'
government; and investments were forth with matle in
the woollen manufacture; but scarcely wasi {hat done,
when an act of Parliament was passed in England tak-
ing away a great portion of the benefit destinedbyft,e
bill of 1824 for our manufactures. The consequence
was, in 1826 and 1827, those who had sunk their
capital came to Congress asking modifications in
the bill of1824; and from this, the measure ad vocated
and passed by southern members, resulted the tariff.
He asked, did it not amount to the suprcrrtacyof,
assurance to denounce Massachusetts as the origin
of a system which was made law against her will
and desire? In 1824 he differed in opinion with his
friends; but when the war ceased in Europe, and on;
land and sea they were permitted, by a general peace,
to pursue their avocations unmolested, then the har-
vest of our carrying trade was at an end. There
was no market for the labor of our population; and
it became imperatively necessary to enlarge the
basis of industry, and stop the tide of emigration to
the West, which was carrying with it capital of
men and money. To do this, it then became neces-
sary to establish a protective system; and that, it
was productive of the most beneficial effects to all,
he was prepared to maintain. Labor, it was agreed,
is the source of all wealth; and it follows that a na-
tion, to be rich, it must work—not merely in sec-
tions or portions, but she must exert her whole
physical abilities. No member of the body must re-
main inactive. Her men, women, and children must
labor beneath the heat of the sun, and amid the win-
ter's cold; in fair weather and foul; by the light of
day, and by the lamp of night; by the aid of the
mechanic arts, and by the power of steam and
water. Nothing must be left undone that will draw
the advantages arising from partition of labor, that
brightens the toils of industry by the prospect cf
immediate and liberal reward. This admitted, it
became necessary to enlarge and diversify the basis of
industry, so as to leave no idle hands, no idle hours in
the counfry; and this only can be done by the in-
troduction of manufactures. It cannot be accom-
plished by agricultural or mere mechanical pursuits
—the lafter depending only on the supply required
for set customers, and thp fopmer limited to the em-
ployment of but few. A country without a capital
sunk for the encouragement of labor, leaves those
seeking it without prospect of liberal reward; with-
out that prospect, there can be no market; and with-
out protection, there will be no capital. Some allow
that the protective system was required while our
manufactures were in their infancy; and ask why
now, when those manufactures are established, do
you require its continuance? He replied, to those
inquiries, that it was now wanted as much as before,
ft was wanted to give security, stability, and safety
to business. It was not wanted to enhance the
price of the article manufactured, but if was wanted
to secure the twice of labor. He asked—on the sup-
position that Texas grew more cotton than was re-
quired for the supply of the English market, and
that this country was limited in her productions as
she was in manufactured articles—would it be safe
to remove the duty of three cents on raw cotton im-
ported? Would not Texas, finding, by war or oth-
erwise, her market interrupted, throw her surplus
jf) here? And would not the effect be ruinous to the
planter? fte argued, that taking off |he proteptive
duties from agricultural produce would be tji'e mean?
of inundating our markets with the products of for-
eign countries; and instanced the large importations
in 1842, viz: oats, 25,782 bushels; wheat, 48,882
bushels; cheese, 77,000 pounds; with butter and
beef in still larger proportions; and, above all, cot-
ton, of which there was in that year imported not
less than g,384,Q0Q pounds. All those articles were
the produce of planters and formers, imported in ft
few months before the tariff became a law; and, if
the protective duties on those articles were now re-
moved, it would be impossible to foretell the fatal
consequences that must ensue to the farmers and
planters of the country.
Man, in day-fime, walked with a firm, erect, and
conjt'djeht §tep; butj in t}je darkness of night, he ad-
vanced with doubt and caution: so was it with the
march of iijdustry; it advanced rapidly and with
confidence under the shade of the protective sysfem
 a system which gave to the capitalist confidence
to invest his funds, and, by doing so, to enlarge the
field of labor, and secure stability to that labor. The
senator from New Hampshire does not say there is
harm in three cents duty on every pound of raw cot-
ton, or of twenty-five cents on every bushel of
wheat imported, but he says it is useless.' The same
