Feb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sit
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Rogers.
H. of Reps.
in sentiment, on the subject of slavery. From the mouth to
the head of the Chesapeake, the bulk of the people will ap-
prove it in theory, and it will find a respectable minority
ready to adopt it in practice—a minority which, for weight
and worth of character, pieponderates against the greater
number, who have not the courage to divest their fam-
ilies of a property which, however, keeps their con-
sciences unquiet. Northward of the Chesapeake, you
may find here and there an opponent to your doc-
trine.as von may find here and there a robber and mur-
derer, but in no greater number. In that part of America,
there being but few slaves, they can easily disencumber
themselves of them, and emancipation is put into such a
train, that m a few years there will be no slaves northward
of Maryland, in Maryland, 1 do not find such a disposition
ta begin the redress ol'this enormity as in Virginia. This is
the next State to which we may turn our ey^s for the in-
teresting spectacle of justice in conflict with avarice and op-
pression—a conflict wherein the sacred side is gaining daily
recruit« from the influx into office of young men grown and
growing up. These have sucked in the principles' of liberty,
as it were, with their mother's milk, and it is to them 1 look
■with anxiety to turn the fate ofthis question. Be nut there-
fore discouraged What you have written will do you a
great deal ol good, and could you still trouble yourself with
our welfare, no man is more able to give aid to the laboring
side. The college of William and Mary, in Williamsburg,
since the re-modelling of its plan, is the place where are col-
lected together all the young men of Virginia, under prepa-
ration foi public life. They are there under the dnection
(most of them) of a Mr. Wythe, one ol the most \irtuous of
characters, and whose sentiments on the subjtct of slu\ en-
are unequivocal. 1 am satisfied, if you could resolve to ad-
dress an exhortation to those young men, with all that elo-
quence of which you are master, tliat its inlluence on the
iuture decision of this important question w ould be great,
perhaps decisive. Thus you see, that, sp far from thinking
you have cause to repent of what you have done, I wish
you to do more, and wish it. on an assurance of its cttect.
The information t have received irom Ameiica, ot the re-
ception of your pamphlet in the different States, agrees with
the expectations 1 had formed.
I pray you be assured of the sincerity of esteem and res-
pect w ith which I ha\ e the honor to he, sir, y our most obe-
dient humble servant,
TH. JEFFERSON.
Well, sir, is there anything in the grants of ces-
sion to limit this power? Let us look. Take the
act of cession from the State of Virginia, and I un-
derstand the Maryland act, as finally adopted, is
similar to it.
Sec. 2. Be >t therefore enadrd by the General Assembly,
That a tract of country, not exceeding ten miles square, or
any lesser quantity, to be located within the limits ofthis
State, and in any part thereof as Congress may by law di-
rect, shall be, and the same is hereby, lorever ceded and re-
linquished to the Congi ess and go\einment of the United
States, in full and absolute right, and exclusive jurisdiction,
a>? well of soil as of persons residing or to reside thereon,
pursuant to the tenor and efioct of the eighth scction ol the
first article of the constitution of the government of the Uni-
ted States
Sfc. 3. Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be
construed to vest in the United States any right of properly,
in the soil, or to aftect the rights of individuals therein, oth-
erwise than the same shall or may be transferred by such
individuals to the United States.
Sj:c. 4 Jlnd provided, also, That the jurisdiction of the
laws ofthis Commonwealth over the persons and property
of individuals residing within the limits ofthe cession afore-
said, shall not cease or determine until Congress, having ac-
cepted the said cession, shall, by law, provide for the gov-
ernment thereof, under their jurisdiction, in manner pro-
vided by the article ol the con.stitutionbefore recited.
By an act approved February 27,1801, and in the
first section of said act, Congress provided for the
continuation of slavery m this District, as follows:
Be if enacted by the Senate and House of Rejnesentotires oj
the United Stutes of I'bnci <cu in Con^ress assembled, That the
laws of the State of Virginia, as they now exist, shall be
and continue in force in that part ol the District of Colum-
bia which was cx*ded by the said State to the United States,
and by them accepted forthe permanent seat of government;
and that the laws of the State of Mary land, as they now
exist, shall be and continue m torce in that part ol the said
District which was ceded hy that State to the United States,
and by thern accepted as atoresaid.
In this little section is compressed all the authority
for the continuance of shivery in this District. And
will any one deny that, at the time of its adoption,
Congress had the same power to abolish it, that it
had to confinne it in existence5 It is apparent there
is no limitation on this subject in the grants of ces-
sion, and that the authority of Congress is as abso-
lu(e and • unquestionable on this subject, as that of
the State legislatures within our own limits; and any
other doctrine is unsound, and of latter-day origin,
and has no ground of principle to stand upon.
But, sir, l have another authority on this subject;
which, in my mind, is a clincher, and ought certain-
ly to be conclusive with a majority ofthis House.
It is the opinion of a distinguished leader of the
democracy, under whose banner they are now ral-
lying, as I venly behe\e, to most assured deteat. It
is the opinion of Martin Van Buren. Hoar him.
On the 23d of February, 1836, a committee of citi-
zens of North Carolina addressed to Air. Van Buren
the following interrogatory, to which they requested
an explicit answer:
Po you, or do you not, believe that Congress has the con-
stitutional power to interfere with or abolish slavery in the
District of Columbia?
A very plain question, Mr. Speaker, and suscep-
tible of a very short answer: but the distinguished
epistolary writer to whom it was addressed, with
his usual circumlocution and periphrasis, covers
three columns of the newspaper press in reply. Af-
ter wading through the same, I find the only point is
contained in the following paragraph:
These views, thus expressed and sanctioned bv myself,
appear to me to cover the whole ground, save the abstract
question to which jou have been pleased to call, my atten-
tion, and 1 cheerfully embrace the opportunity you have
felt it your duty to anord me, to explain fully my self on that
also. As anxious as you can possibly be, to arrest all agi-
tation upon this disturbing subject. 1 have consideied the
qnestion you have propounded to me, with a sincere desire
to arrive at the conclusion, that the subject, in respect to
the District of Columbia, can be safely placed on the same
ground on which it stands in regard to the States, viz: the
want of constitutional power in Congress to interfere in the
matter. 1 owe it, however, to candor, to say to you, that I
ha^ e not been able to satisfy myself that the grant to Con-
gress. in the constitution, of the power of exclusive legis-
lation in all cases w hatsoever, over the federal district, does
not confer on that body the same authority over the sub-
ject that would otherwise ha\c been possessed by the
States of Mai) land and Virginia; or that Congress might
not, in virtue thereof, take such steps upon the subject in
this Distnct, as those States might themselves take within
their own limits, and consistently with their rights of sov-
ereignty . Thus ie\\ mg the matter, I would not, from the
lights now before me. feel myself safe m pronouncing that
Congress does not po^sebs the power ot interfering with, or
abolishing slavery in the District ol Columbia.
When we consider, Mr. Speaker, the natural in-
clination and tendency of this man's mind to non-
commitlalsm, and that his usual style of communi-
cating with the public is involved, obscure, and am-
biguous, this certainly is the best specimen of di-
rectness, as it most assuredly is of soundness and
truth, that can be found in the political essays ofthe
"northern man with southern principles."
In reply to a remark of Mr. Ca-ve Johnson, of
Tennesse—
Mr. Rogers said, he admitted that Mr. Van Bu-
ren was against the expediency of the thing, and,
notwithstanding he acknowledged the power, he
was opposed to the exercise of it. He was merely
referring to his opinions on the constitutional point.
Mr. Payne, of Alabama, desired an opportunity
to make a remark.
Mr. Rogers declined to yield the floor, and con-*
tinucd: I have another authority to cite, in reply to
the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Deixet,] who
yesterday made a very able and eloquent speech on
the other side, and then 1 shall ha\e done with my
authorities. The gentleman quoted, with an air of
great triumph and satisfaction, the following passage
from a speech of Mr. Madison in the Virginia con-
vention, and applied it to the District of Columbia:
I was struck with surprise when! heard him (Mr. lien-
iy) expiess himself alarmed with respect to the emancipa-
tion of slaves Let me ask, if they should even attempt it,
if it will not be a usurpation of power' There is
no power to warrant it in Unit paper, if there be,
1 know it not. But why should it be done' Says
the honorable gentleman, for the general welfare; it
will infuse strength into our system. Can any member of
this committee suppose that it will increase our strength?
Can any one belies e that the American councils will come
into a measure which will strip them of their properly, dis-
courage and alienate the affections of Jive-thirteenths of the
Union' Why wa.s nothing ot thih.soit aimed at before'' I
believe such an idea never entered into any American
breast, nor do i behve it e\ er will, unless it w ill enter into
the heads of those gentlemen who substitute unsupported
suspicions to reasons.
Now, sir, if we turn to the spcech of Mr. Henry,
and to the particular point to which the above was
a reply, we shall see at a glance that no allusion
was made to slavery m this Distriri, (as indeed there
could not be, for the District was not then in exist-
ence, and no one could tel! where it would be locat-
ed, whether north or south,) but the whole subject
of slavery spoken of, was slavery m the States, and
no where else; and on thntsubject there is no defer-
ence of opinion at the Noith or the South; forthe
most zealous and determined abolitionist north of
Mason and Dixon's line never supposed that Con-
gress had any authority to abolish or interfere with
slavery m the States.
The spcech of Mr. Henry was on the resolution
of ratification proposed by Mr. Wythe. The fol-
lowing are extracts from it:
Among ten thousand implied powers winch thes may
<is?ume, the) (the Congress) mav, if we N> engaged m a
war. liberate every oneol your U they pleJke.
Again:
If you ccise power to the general go\ernmcnt to pro-
vice tor the general dclcncc, the means niustt be commen-
surate to the end. All the means m the po^eb.-'ion of the
people niu^t be gi\en to the go\eminent. which i* in?-
trusted with the public defence In thjs State there are
two hundred and thirty-six thousand blacks, and there are
many in several other States. But there are few or none
in the northern States; and yet, if the northern States shaJI
be of opinion that our numbers are numberless, they may-
call forth every national resource. May Congress not say
that every black man must fight? Did we not see a little
of this last •war'? We were- not so hard pushed as to make
emancipation general; but acts of assembly passed that ev-
ery slave who would go to the army should be free. An- ■
other thing will contribute to bring this event about: sla--
verv is detested; we "feel its fatal effects; we deplore it
with all the pity of humanity.
And again:
Let me not dwell on this subject. I will only add that
this, as well as every other property of the people of
Virginia, is m jeopardy, and put in "the hands of those
who have no similarity of situation with us. This is.a lo-
cal matter, and I can see no propriety of subjecting it to
Congress.
These extracts, in my judgment, arc conclusive
on this point, and need no comment.
The gentleman from Mississippi, (Mr. Ham-
mett,) the other day, in speaking on this subject,
saw fit to allude to New York, and with a sneer to
Governor Seward. The gentleman probably under-
stands the politics of his own State, and the reputa-
tion of her great men, much better than he does the
affairs of New York, and the character of her dis-
tinguished citizens. It is a fact notorious to almost
everybody but the member from Mississippi, that
Governor Seward, on his first nomination for the
gubernatorial chair, was addressed by the abolition-
ists on the, subject of the different articles of. their
creed, and that he returned an answer of general dis-
sent to the prominent points of their political faith.
It is true, his administration gave satisfaction in ma-
ny respects to the abolition party, as I have no
doubt it did to a large majority of the people of the
State; and that its wisdom and true statesmanship
will hereafter be acknowledged through ail time, in
the enduring records of history.
Who is Wm. H. Seward, sir? The very soul of
honor. A man formed in the prodigality of nature;
with all the affluence of mind and virtue sown broad-
east into his composition. His life was n^ver soiled
with impurity, or his character sullied by the breath
of reproach; he is not only pure, but, like Cajsar's
wife, he is above and beyond suspicion. He never
tryd the devious path of shuffling expediency and
low ambition; and the popularity which has follow-
ed him to his retirement, is like that spoken of by
Lord Mansfield, which follows great and glorious
deeds, but is not sought after. In the freshness of
his youth he planted himself in western New York,
among a population distinguished for their dis-
crimination, intelligence, and enterprise; unaided and
alone he established himself there; and by the force
of his intellect, the energy of his character, and the
clusteiing virtues that adorned it, he arose to emi-
nence and distinction, and at the early age of thir-
ty-seven was elected governor ofthe empire State.
At the expiration of his first term be was agrm
elected, and at the conclusion of his official labors,
voluntarily retired from the public service. Of his
administration this is not the time or place to speak.
Let it suffice to say, that the line of policy, origina-
ted in our State by one ofthe master spirits of the
age, and of whom New York is so justlyproud, (the
immortal Clinton,) found in Governor Seward a firm
friend and unswerving advocate} and there are no
two names in our domestic annals more highly
enthroned in the affections of our people, or graven
deeper on the monuments of our prosperity. Sneer
at "William H. Seward! Why, sir, as Tristram
Burgess once said on this floor, "there is more wis-
dom m his political little fingers, than in the whole
loins of the men who assail him." He belongs to
the true nobility—the nobility of nature; to the only
peerage recognised in this land—the peerage of in-
tellect, udoincd by the heraldry of virtue. And were
New York now called upon, like the mother of the
Gracchi, to present her jewels, the name of William
II. Seward would be one ot the brightest gems that
would glitter in the diadem of her greatness.
Where does this sneering, this taunting* come
from? From Mississippi! With all due deference
to the gentleman representing Mississippi on thia
floor, 1 must be allowed to say that, m my humble
opinion, Mississippi is the very last State in this
Union which should attempt to sit in judgment on
the character of her sister {States. The gentleman
thinks abolitionism pregnant with mischief, and
black with dishonor. What docs he thmk of repu-
diation? Sir, war, pestilence, and famine may be en-
dured—any other e\il but this; for there is a re-
cuperative. energy m this country to restore, to re-
new, to revive and resuscitate; but where is the medi-
