I.""i
CONGRESSIONAL &LOBE.
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIYES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1844.
Voiume 13....No 20.
[Continued from No. 19.]
Indiana, asking a donation of land to improve the
navigation of the Wabash river.
By Mr. FICKLIN: The memorial of John R.
Duckman and others, citizens of Lawrence county,
Illinois, asking a grant of land to complete the na-
tional thoroughfare between the lakes to the Ohio,
by the improvement of the Wabash. The memo-
rial of A. Lyon and others, of the same county,
upon the same subject. The memorial of Joseph
Ramsey and others, of the same county, upon the
same subject. The memorial of Uri Manly and
others, of Clarke county, Illinois, asking an appro-
priation on the Cumberland road.
By CALEB B. SMITH: The petition of Elijah
Coffin'and 151 others, citizens of Wayne county,
Indiana, praying for a reduction and restriction of
the franking privilege.
By Mr. MACLAY: The memorial of 145 citizens
of the city of New York, praying for the passage of
an act granting to the State of Indiana so much of the
unsold lands m the Vineennes district as may be ne-
cessary to complete the communication between the
lakes and the Ohio river.
By Mr. C. M. REED: The joint resolution of
the legislature of the Commonwealth of Pennsyl-
vania, asking Congress to make an appropriation to
repair and continue the work on the harbor at
Erie. The petition of Captain Harrington and 240
others, citizens of the city of Buffalo, asking an ap-
propriation for enlarging the present harbor, and re-
monstrating against the projected outer harbor at
Buffalo. The petition of Captain D. P. Dobbins
and others, owners and masters of vessels naviga-
ting the lakes, asking Congress to make an appro-
priation for erecting a beacon on Skillagalee island,
on Lake Michigan.
By Mr. BUFFINGTON: The petition of Peter
Peterson and 104 others, citizens of Butler county,
Pennsylvania, praying for the construction of a na-
tional Macadamized road from the Cumberland
road, by way of the arsenals of Pittsburg and Mead-
ville to the harbor of Erie. Also, the petition of
Thomas McNair and 61 others, citizens of Butler
county, Pennsylvania, of similar import. Also, the
petition of Abraham Brinker, of Butler county,
Pennsylvania, praying that he may be paid the
amount due him for revolutionary services of his
father. Also, the petition of Isaac Eckriglit, of
Armstrong county, Pennsylvania, praying an in-
crease of his pension.
By Mr. J. BRINKERHOFF: The petition of cit-
izens of Delaware county, Ohio, praying for a mail
route from Sunbury, in said county, to Ashland, in
Richland county, Ohio.
By Mr. RUS'SELL: The petition of Sarah Over-
bagh, praying for a pension under the 3d section of
the act of July 4, 183G: referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 22, 1844.
The PRESIDENT pro. tern., laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the War Department,
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the 9th instant, all the correspondence on
the files of that department on the sub ject of the
selection of the site of Fort Wayne, on the frontier
of Arkansas; which, ou motion by Mr. SEVIER,
was ordered to he on the table, and be printed.
On motion by Mr. WRIGHT, the report of the
Secretary of the Navy on the subject of a dry and
floating dock at New York, was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a memorial from a
large number of merchants, traders, and others, of
the city of New York, on the subject of reciprocal
commercial treaties with foreign powers, and pray-
in°- Congress to take measures to supersede them,
especially those of Sweden, Denmark, and Ham-
burg; which the memorialists represent are not bene-
ficial to the commercial interests of the country.
Mr. W. said the memorial was strongly signed
by mercantile houses. But he was bound in can-
dor to say, that he had entertained impressions dif-
ferent from those expressed by ^ the memorialists.
He entertained them with soni^ diffidence under the
force of sentiment thus expressed by men of so
much practical expedience as those whose names
were signed to this memorial. On motion, the me-
morial was ordered to be printed, and referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Also presented a memorial numerously signed by
merchants, traders, and citizens of New York, ad-
dressed to the Senate under an evident misapprehen-
sion. It seemed to bear the character, and be of the
form, of tlie one just presented. He presumed it
was sent to the Senate under the apprehension that
a reciprocal commercial treaty with Texas was still
before that body. It asked the reconsideration of
the action of that body of last session, rejecting a
treaty entered into by the President of the United
States with the charge d'affaires of Texas, which
treaty had been ratified by the government of Texas.
He (Mr. W.) found, on examination, that the Sen-
ate did ratify the treaty, with amendments, and that
the treaty was, therefore, not in the power of the
Senate, or this country. It struck him that the ob-
ject of the memorialists would better be attained by
legislation than by treaty. Accompanying the me-
morial was a letter from a merchant of New York,
who is said to be acting consul from Texas, setting
forth the state of our trade with Texas. If he was
right, the trade was falling off. That effect was
produced by legislation. The memorial was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. EYANS presented a memorial from mer-
chants of Bangor, Maine, asking that a drawback
may be allowed on spirits manufactured from for-
eign molasses equal to the duty paid on the molas-
ses: referred to the Committee on Finance-
Also, a memorial, numerously signed by citizens
of Portland, Maine, asking for a reduction of the
rates of postage: referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
postages.
Mr. MERRICK, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to which was referred
the bill to reduce the rates of postage, to limit the
use and prevent the abuse of the franking privilege,
and for the prevention of frauds on the revenues of
the Post Officc Department, reported the same back,
with several amendments, (copies of which the re-
porter could not obtain,) and with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass. The amendments, with the
written report accompanying, were ordered to be
printed.
courts martial.
The following resolution, introduced by Mr. Tap-
fan on yesterday, was taken up for consideration,
viz:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be di-
rected to report to the Senate a copy of the proceed-
ings of the court of inquiry in the case of Alexander
Shdell Mackenzie.
Mr. KING said he would be indebted to his hon-
orable friend from Ohio, [Mr. Tafpan,] if that gen-
tleman would inform him what particular object he
had in offering this resolution. He (Mr. K.) did
not think it necessary that any further action should
be made on this unfortunate question, which had
agitated the country for some time. No action could
arise at all out of it on the part of the Senate; and
certainly no good could result to the country by a
further development of the details connected with
it. The conduct of the officer, in the discharge of
what he deemed his duty, had undergone thuiough
investigation; and the result was shown in the re-
port of the courts which had adjudicated the case.
He (Mr. K.) would be very unwilling to disturb
again this question. As it rested, the officer stood
before the country justified for the course which lie
had pursued; and he hoped his friend from Ohio
[Mr. TappanI would see that no good could be done
by the passage of such a resolution. An unkmd
feeling might be excited on the part of all parties.
He hoped the time had passed away, when the pro-
ceedings of the court could be the subject of ani-
madversion; and they could not, at all events, be
altered by any action in either House of Congress.
Nothing good had ever grown out of this mode of re-
agitating a subject of this kind, after it had once gone
to rest. He hoped his friend would see that no good
could result from the call,though somefeelingmight fe
excited "by it. The constitution gives the power to
the executive over subjects proper for decision by
courts martial. The power had been exercised.
The President, under the'power given him to order
courts martial in the army or navy, had called a
naval court to try this case. It was tried; and the
decision had been published to the country,- and
there it ought to rest. It is to be presumed that
justice was done to the parties, and Congress ought
not to disturb the matter again. The Senate could
not set aside the decision—certainly not. It could
not relieve the individual. The matter was, in f^ct,
beyond any control of that body; it was altogether
improper to agitate the question, after it had been
settled under the constitution and laws.
Mr. TAPPAN said he did not know whether any
action would be had on this communication when
made, or not. It was a matter in regard to which he
could not say anything until the documents were
reported to the Senate. That was the only way in
which an authentic account of the proceedings of
that court martial could be laid before the American
people. Newspapers had given garbled accounts,
such as were not to be relied upon as authentic, or
statements made by persons desirous of forming pub-
lic opinion on the subject one wav or the other. It
was of importance to enable the American peoplo to
form a proper judgment on this very interesting mat-
ter, that the proceedings of that court martial should
be laid before them. They want the charges, the.
evidence in support of the charges, the evidence
rebutting them, and the arguments made use •
of on tlie trial. Three American citizens have
been hanged without trial, without a hearing,
without any opportunity of defending themselves;
without being confronted with the witnesses against
them, in a manner wholly illegal, and to be justified
only on the extremest necessity. It was an import-
ant question—did the necessity exist'—a question
which he wished to have the means of deciding, and
to have those means made public. He wished to
have the means' of forming his own judgment, and
the American people the means of forming thair
judgment upon it. If wrong was committed bv the
officer, although it would not be a subject of judicial
investigation, yet it was a subject upon which pub-
lic judgment could "be formed. That public judg-
ment was paramount, and formed the laws of this
country. If there was any wrong in the matter, he
was for taking such measures as would give security
against such an occurrence again. If the proceed-
ing was legal and proper, the opinion, of the Amer-
ican people would justify the officer; but if, on the
other hand, the lives of three American citizens
were taken without law, and no opportunity afford-
ed the victims of making defence, was it not
proper that it should be known, that the pub-
lie condemnation might reach the guilty? Was
it not of the greatest importance that the
American people should know whether the lives of
their citizens have been taken wantonly and without
necessity or not? It was. He (Mr. T.) would not
undertake to say that the officer was not justifiable,
for he was without the means of making up his
judgment. The senator from Alabama thinks it is a
matter of little importance, now that so much tjm«
had elapsed since the transaction, and as it was fer-
eotton by the public, that the subject should be again
agitated. It 'was always of importance to know
whether the lives of citizens wcie taken legally or
illegally, rightfully or wrongfully. A Roman citi-
zen could not be scourged with impunity by a Ro-
man officer: shall an American citizen, then, be exe-
cuted without a hearing, without trial, without reg-
ular charges against hurt' The object of the in-
quiry is to enable an answer to be made to this ques-
tion—to enable the Amciican people to determine
whether the fearful necessity existed in this case for
such ail execution.
Mr. BUCHANAN said he ought to blame him-
self for not having known that this resolution was
to come up this morning. He should very much
like to have a little time to examine into the matter
before he gave his vote; and if the senator from Ohio
[Mr. Tappan] would consent to it, he should be
very glad to have it lie over till to-morrow.
Mr. KING, in reply to the remarks of the sena-*
