March, 1844
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
321
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Oregon Territory—Mr. Wintkrop.
H. of Reps.
other, justly or unjustly, has been not a little lowered
of late years, in the regard of foreign nations. Now,
sir, for whatever we do in relation to this question of
Oregon, we can set up no divided responsibility.
The nation, as a nation, must do whatever is done;
and the nation, as a nation, must be held answera-
ble. Let us, then, forbear from pursuing any course,
from taking any step, from expressing any purpose,
which nlay give color to a new stain upon our na-
tional character. Let us desist from all action and
all discussion of this subject until Mr. Pakenham
has, at least, opened his budget, and until our own
government, too, is in a condition to pursue with
vigor and effect whatever policy we may ultimately
be compelled to adopt.
But the honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania
finds nothing to regret m the state of opinion abroad
as to the American character. He even rejoices at
the violent and vituperative tone of the British press
in relation to his own State. And why? Because
he thinks it may have a tendency to counteract the
idolatrous disposition which exists in some parts of
this country towards Great Britain! Mr. Chairman,
I know of nothing more worthy of condemnation in
the political history of the present day, than the sys-
tematic effort of the self-styled democratic party of
this country to stir up a prejudice against England
upon every occasion, and to create an impression
that every man who does not fall in with their prin-
ciples and then* policy is, in some sort, of British in-
terest, or under some kind of British influence. There
are some of the leaders of this party, with whom ha-
tred to England would seem to be the only standard of
American patriotism, and with whom it seems to be
enough, to determine their course upon all questions
either of right or expediency, to know what will be
most offensive to British power. War, war with
England, is the ever burning passion of their soul;
and any one who pursues a policy or advocates a
measure which may postpone or avert the consum-
mation which they so devoutly desire, becomes the
chosen object of their insinuations and reproaches.
For myself, sir, 1 hold in utter contempt all such
insinuations. If it be a fit subject foi reproach, to
entertain the most anxious and ardent desire for the
peace of this country, its peace with England, its
peace with all the world, 1 submit myself willingly
to the fullest measure of that reproach. War be
tween the United States and Great Britain for Ore-
gon! Sir, there is something in this idea too mon-
strous to be entertained for a moment. The two
greatest nations on the globe, with more territorial
possessions than they know what to do with al-
ready, and bound together by so many ties of kin-
dred, and language, and commercial interest, going
to war for a piece of barren earth! Why, it would
put back the cause of civilization a whole century,
and would be enough not merely to call down tne
rebuke of men, but the curse of God. I do not yield
to the honorable gentleman in a just concern for the
national honor. 1 am ready to maintain that honor,
whenever it is really at stake, against Great Britain
as readily as against any other nation. Indeed, if
war is to come upon us, I am quite willing that it
should be war with a first-rate power—with a foe-
man worthy of our steel.
 "Oh, the blood more stits
To rouse the lion than to start the hare *'
If the young Q,ueen of England were the veritable
Victoria whom the ancient poets have some times
described as descending from the right hand of Ju-
piter to crown the banner of predestined Triumph,
I would still not shrink from the attempt to vindicate
the rights of my country on every proper occasion.
To her forces, however, as well as to ours, may
come the "cita mors," as well as the " Victoria lata.'"
We have nothing to fear from a protracted war
with any nation, though our want of preparation
might give us the worst of it in the first encounter.
We aie all and always ready for war, when
there is no other alternative for maintaining our
country's honor. We are all and always ready for
any war into which a Christian man, in a civilized
land, and in this age of the world, can have the face
to enter. But I thank God that there are very few
such cases. War and honor are fast getting to have
less and less to do with each other. The highest
honor of any country is to preserve peace, even
under provocations which might justify war. The
deepest disgrace to any country is to plunge into
war under circumstances which leave the honorable
alternative of peace. I heartily hope and trust, sir,
that in deference to the sense of the civilized world,
in deference to that spirit of Christianity which is
now spreading its benign and healing'influences
over both hemispheres with such signal rapidity,
we shall explore the whole field of diplomacy, and
exhaust every art of negotiation, before we give
loose to that passion for conflict which the honor-
able gentleman from Pennsylvania seems to regard
as so grand and glorious an element of the American
character.
But Great Britain is so grasping, so aggressive,
so insidious and insolent, so overreaching and over-
bearing! Does not her banner flout us at every turn?
Does" not her drum-beat disturb our dreams by
night, and almost drown our voices by day? Is she
not hemming us in on every side; compassing us
about in a daily diminishing circle; and are not our
outer walls already tottering at the sound of her
trumpets? Nay, have not her blandishments suc-
ceeded where, as yet, her arms have failed* Has
she not scaled our very ramparts and penetrated to
our very citadel in a shower of corrupting gold?
What but British gold carried the last presidential
election against the people? What but British gold
is about to carry the next? What were the twelve-
hundred and seventy-five thousand voters which de-
posed Mr. Van Buren from the chief magistracy in
1840, and who are now rallying again, with renew-
ed energy, to the old watchwords, against his resto-
ration, but so many British whigs? Is there a whig
in all the land who dares deny, that when he voted
for General Harrison, he had a British heart in his
bosom, and a British sovereign in his pocket? Mr.
Chairman, let me call to the lemembrance of the
committee a story which was introduced by the cel-
ebrated George Canning into one of his speeches in
the House of Commons, and winch has thus the
highest sanction as not beneath the dignity of par-
liamentary debate. It is the story of a painter,
who had made himself somewhat eminent in the
professional sphere in which he moved, but who
had directed his art altogether to one favorite
subject. This subject was a red lion, which
he had learned to depict in great perfection.
One of his earliest patrons was the keeper
of a public house, who wished something
appropriate painted on his sign board. The painter,
of course, executed his red lion. A gentleman in
the vicinity, who had a new mansion-house which
he wished to have ornamented, was the next em-
ployer of the artist, and, in order to afford him full
scope for his genius, gave him his own choice of a
subject for the principal panel in his dining-room.
The artist took time to deliberate, and then said,
with the utmost gravity, "don't you think that a
haadsome red lion would have a fine effect in this
situation?" The gentleman, as you may imagine,
did not feel quite satisfied with the selection, but re-
solved to let the painter follow his own fancy in this
instance, trusting to have a design of more elegance
and distinction in his drawing-room or library, to
which he next conducted him. "Here, said he, I
must have something striking; the space is small,
and the device must be proportionally delicate."
The painter paused; appeared to dive down to the
very bottom of his invention, and thence to ascend
again to its highest heaven for an idea, and then
said, "what do you think of a small red lion5"
Well now, sir, the course of a certain class of
politicians in this county seems to me to have a most
marvellous analogy to that of the painter in this
story. This cry of British whigs, this clamor about
British gold, this never-ending alarum about British
aggression and British encroachment, this introduc-
tion of the red lion on every occasion, seems to be
the one great reliance of the political artists of
a certain school. There is always a lion in the
path of the self-styled democratic paity of the
United States; a British lion, red with the
blood of cruelty and oppression, which it is then-
peculiar mission to slay, but which the whigs are
leagued together to defend. Whatever principle,
whatever project, may be under discussion in this
House, or before the people, the red lion is sure to
be on the ground. Red lion here, red lion there, red
lion everywhere! Why, sir, even on the question
of refunding to General Jackson the fine which was
imposed on him for setting at defiance the civil au-
thorities of the land, and imprisoning the judge who
dared to confront him with a writ of habeas corpus,
it was thought "that a small red lion might have a
fine effect in that situation." And a very small one
it certainly was. It, was suggested that the judge
was an Englishman by birtfi. He was known to
have come over to America in early youth. His
residence here could be traced back to the fifteenth
or sixteenth year of his age; but there was reason
to apprehend, though even that was not altogether
certain, that he was born in England; and there-
fore, all those who were unwilling to annul his ju-
dicial decree, and to admit that he was rightfully in-
sulted and imprisoned, were little better-than so mst-
ny British whigs. Was not that, sir, a very-little
red lion indeed? This Oregon question; however*
presents a larger panel, and here, of course, a fla-
ming lion is shown up in its full dimensions. The
Texas question affords a larger field still, with far
more room for the fancy to expatiate in; and al-
though the canvass is but just unrolled, the teeming
invention of these unrivalled artists has already
done its work, with .something of that celerity
which Milton has so glowingly attributed to crea-
tive power:
 "Now half appeared
The tawny hon, pawing to get free
His hinder parts, then springs, as broke from bonds,
And rampant shakes his brinded inane'."
Mr. Chairman, is it possible that the honorable
gentleman fi;om Pennsylvania, and his political
friends, can be mad enough to belieye that the peo-
ple of this country can be wrought upon by such
conceits? Let me assure them that they do injustice
to the intelligence of the people. " 'Tis the eye of
childhood that fears a pamted devil." The manly
sense of this nation will scorn such appeals to fear
and folly. Conscious of their own integrity, and
resolved on the vindication of their own rights, the
people will neither be frightened from their propriety
nor diverted from their purpose by such devices.
They proved this in 1840: they will make assurance
doubly sure in 1844.
A word or two about Texas, and I have done.
The honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania, among
other most inconclusive reasons for the adoption of
the resolution which has been condemned as inexpe-
dient by the committee over which he presides, has
told us that "he holds it to be incompetent for the
mere treaty-making power to part with any portion
of the territory of the United States, or to settle
a boundary question, without the consent and co-
operation of [the House of Representatives." And
he has appealed to the Massachusetts delega-
tion, and called upon myself in particular, "as
one who has loudly expressed an apprehension
of the stealthy annexation of Texas to this Union
by a clandestine treaty," to unite with him on this
analogous question of Oregon, mid insist on the
right of representative action on the subject. Sir, I
shall enter into no argument as to the extent of the
treaty-making power of this government, in regard
to the particular measures which the gentlemen has
specified in his proposition. Even if I assented to
the full import of that proposition, (which I certainly
do not,) it would form no ground for that union with
him on the pending question, to which he invites
me. Even if it were the admitted prerogative of
this House to give advice or prescribe action to the
executive on the subjects he has named, it would be
no reason for our giving bad advice, or prescribing
injudicious or unwarrantable action. But "the anal-
ogous questions" of Oregon and Texas! Sir, I
deny that there is any analogy whatever between
those questions. The Texas question is not in any
sense a question of parting with territory or settling
a boundary line. It is not even a question of annex-
ing territory. It is a question ef amalgamating a
foreign sovereignty with our own sovereignty, of
annexing a foreign State to our own State. It is
such a question as would be presented by a proposi-
tion to re-annex the United States to Great Britain,
or to amalgamate Great Britain with the'United
States. This, the gentleman must remember, was
the distinction taken by Mr. Van Buren and Mr.
Forsyth in J837. They maintained that "the ques-
tion of the, annexation of a foreign independent
State to the United States had never before
been presented to this government." They main-
tained that the circumstance of Louisiana and
Florida being colonial possessions of France
and Spain, rendered the purchase of those
Territories materially different from the proposed
annexation of Texas. "Whether the constitution
of the United States (they added) contemplated the
annexation of such a State, and, if so, in what
manner that object is to be effected, are questions,
in the opinion of the President, which it would be
inexpedient, under present circumstances, to agi-
tate."
And now, Mr. Chairman, I go much farther than
the honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania on this
subject. I not only deny the competency of the
treaty-making power of thia government to nego-
tiate any such amalgamation rjs this, tvithout the
(31 )
