322
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 1844.
28th Cons 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Berrien.
Senate.
•eo-operation of the House of Representatives; but I
deny that qui- co-operation can confer or supply-
that competency. Certainly, certainly, the constitu-
tion did not contemplate the annexation of such a
State. Provoco ad popuhtm! The people, in their
ewn right, are alone competent to pronounce the
doom which is to bind up the fortunes of this re-
public in the same bundle "of life or death with those
of any foreign power; and I hope and believe that
they will disown and renounce any executive or
any legislative act which shall infringe upon this—
their own supreme prerogative. I trust that they
will not be deluded by any false alarm—by any red
lion representation that Texas is about to be made
a colonial possession of Great Britain. The British
government have no such purpose. Our own gov-
ernment know this. And if Texas be foisted into
this Union upon any such pretence, it will be an act
as fraudulent in its inception as it will, under any
circumstances, be pernicious in its result.
SPEECH OF MR. BERRIEN,
OF GEORGIA.
In Senate, April 9, 1844—On the resolution of the
Committee on Finance for the indefinite postpone-
ment of the bill introduced by Mr. McDuffie
for reducing the rate of duties under the present
tariff to the standard of the compromise act.
Mr. BERRIEN rose and addressed the Senate,
and said he would avail himself of the courtesy of
the senator from Massachusetts to submit to the
Senate the views which he entertained on the ques-
tion before it, as circumstances would prevent him
from doing so at a later stage of the debate.
Sir, (said Mr. B., addressing the President of the
senate,) I have been very little disposed to intrude
myself upon your notice since we have met togeth-
er, or to occupy more of the time of the Senate than
was necessary for the brief discharge of the duties
which it has been your pleasure to assign to me. I
have the same feeling now, and if I deviate from it
on this occasion these two considerations induce me
to do so:
1. In entertaining this bill, -and especially in per-
mitting an enlarged discussion on its merits, the Sen-
nate has, in my judgment, assumed and exercised a
power which the constitution does not confer. I ex-
press this opinion with perfect respect for those who
m ay differ from me; but nevertheless, as my own firm
and deliberate conviction; and entertaining it, I de-
sneto state briefly but distinctly the reasons on
which it is founded.
2. I have an additional motive for troubling you
with the remarks which I propose to address to the
Senate on this occasion. This debate, however
unauthorized in its inception, has, in its pro-
gress, imposed obligations upon those who
have not hitherto participated in it. It has
been protracted until the opinions and feelings
expressed and exhibited in its earlier stages have
attracted the attention of our constituents. My own
more especially, (for it is of them alone I would speak,)
under the repiesentations which have been made of
southern feeling, have been placed in a position
which is not acceptable to them. I shall fulfil their
their expressed wishes in the effort to withdraw
them from it.
Sir, I have been gratified, as I doubt not all who
have heard it have been, by the talent and research
which have been exhibited in the progress of this
debate. I have been occasionally cheered by the
prospect which it has opened to my view of the ca-
pabilities of this favored land, of the capacity of the
American people to preserve with still increasing
prosperity the independent station which they have
assumed among nations; and, asllistened, have cher-
ished the hope that no error, in whatever source
originating, on the part of those to whom, under
Providence, the destinies of that people are confided,
may stay their onward march in the glorious career
which is open before them. But I have, from the
outset of this discussion, been pressed by the con-
viction that it was inappropriate, unauthorized, and
injurious in its tendency. I have thought it inap-
propriate to the resolution reported by the Commit-
tee on Finance, which is the only legitimate subject
of discussion; for, although that resolution necessa-
rily refers to the bill introduced by the senator from
South Carolina; yet this reference is solely for the
purpose of ascertaining its character, of determining
whether it is or is not a bill "for raising revenue,"
,md gives no authority to enter into a further dis-
.vision of its merits. I tee thought it unauthor-
ized, because the constitution, which has given and
also limited our powers, has expressly inhibited us
from exercising the power which this bill assumes.
And beyond this, I have believed that it was inju-
rious in its tendency, as calculated to disturb and
agitate the public mind without the slightest pros-
pect of leading to any beneficial, or even to any
practical result; and at a moment, too, which is pe-
culiarly unpropitious to such excitement. Sir,
when I look to the state of this nation, to the condi-
tion of its government, to the inefKcacy of the ad-
ministrative power, to the discordant counsels
which embarrass its legislation, to our foreign rela-
tions, and especially to the condition .of our people,
of our whole people, struggling to escape from the
Eressure under which they have been laboring, and
ut momentarily cheered by the events of the year
which has just gone by, I feel, I cannot but feel, with
that strong assurance which truth always imparts to
her own impulses, that the moment which has been
selected for the renewal of this agitating discussion
has been most unhappily chosen.
It was under the influence of this conviction that,
at an early stage of this debate, I endeavored to stay
its further progress, by calling the Senate to a de-
cision on the question of their constitutional power
to originate the bill which gave rise to it. That ef-
fort failed, and I acquiesced in the decision, not be-
cause I believed that a principle of constitutional
law could be so entangled by legislative regulation
as to be deprived of its efficacy—not because I was
less sensible of our obligation first to decide upon
our right to do what this bill proposes before we
proceeded to consider the expediency of doing it,
but in deference to what seemed to be the wish of
the Senate to yield as a courtesy what could not be
claimed as a right.
Well, sir, the debate has proceeded. The advo-
cates and the opponents of the existing revenue
system have been heard. Processes of reasoning
have been explained. Principles of political econo-
my have been discussed. Statistics, which are to
tluit science what politics are to history, have been
resorted to. Statistical documents have been ex-
hibited, compared, combatcd, and defended, and the
result has been, that senators, all equally zealous
ill quest of truth, have brought themselves to con-
clusions as diametrically opposite as the points
from which they took their departure. I would be
inclined, if it were the pleasure of the Senate to
pause here, to take just now the advice of the poet,
"mithere iwncde peetore curum;" to await the consti-
tutional action of the popular branch of the national
legislature, the legitimate presentment of this sub-
ject to our consideration, by a bill originating there.
I would be disposed, but that I am already admon-
ished that the effort would be a vain one, not mere-
ly to recall the Senate to itself, and to the considera-
tion of its own appropriate functions, but to confine
it to the great question which stands in advance of
all proper discussion of the merits of this bill, that of
its constitutional power to do the aet which this bill
proposes. Conceding, as I do very readily, the
great importance of establishing an efficient system
of revenue, 1 feel, nevertheless, that far transcend-
ing m importance even this, is the question whether
the Senate of the United States will confine itself
within the pale of its constitutional authority, or
usurp a power which the constitution docs not con-
fer.
1 would not be misunderstood on this subject. I
do not attach as much importance to the constitu-
tional provision, which we are considering, as was
ascribed to it in the convention. If we were now
deliberating upon the provisions of a constitution to
be established, instead of legislating under that
which already exists, I should not "fear that the
liberties of the people would be endangered by in-
vesting the Senate with power to originate a revenue
bill. The supposed analogy between our own and
the government of Great Britain, from which the
prohibition is borrowed, and where usage has es-
tablished the still more exclusive power of the
House of Commons, does not seem to me to exist.
Here we are all, in each branch of the national le-
gislature, representatives of the people. It is the
fashion to speak of senators as the representatives of
States, but that has reference rather to the quality
of representation in this body than to the relation of
its members to their constituents. The representa-
tive of a State is the representative of the people
who compose it. It is the same people who are rep-
resented in each House of Congress, in the one by
States and in the other by districts. I repeat, then,
I do not doubt that this power might be safely ex-
ercised by the Senate, if the constitution permitted
it. But the constitution prohibits it. So the law,
the constitutional law, is written. Ita lex scripta, et
aperte scripta est. If this be so, the exercise of the
power is a naked usurpation.
Such is my view of this question of power and of
its comparative importance. I desire, therefore, to
make part of the history of this transaction to con-
sist of the reasons on which that opinion is found-
ed, and for this purpose will trouble you with a very
brief examination of the constitutional provision.
The provision is in these words, art 1, sec. 7:
All bills for raising revenue shall originate in the House
of Representatives; but the Senate may propose, or concur
with amendments, as oil other bills.
Our inquiry then is, simply, is this a bill for rais-
ing revenue? The senator from South Carolina ad-
mits that if, in any just sense, it is so, the Senate
cannot entertain it. He insists, however, that it is
not, and for two reasons:
1. Because it imposes no duty;
2. Because it does not raise, (increase,) but re-
duces existing duties. ;
These suggestions must therefore be examined.
The first has been refuted by the chairman of the
Committee on Finance. I state the argument^ not
for the purpose of discussing it, but to recall it to
your recollection.
The first section of the bill abolishes the mini-
mums, or assumed valuations allowed by the act of
1842, requires actual valuations in all cases, and that
the rate of duty shall be on such valuations. Now,
as the act of 1842 contains no provision for such
valuations,-it follows either that it must be made by
this bill, or that no duties can be collected. This is
the argument of the chairman of the committee,
founded on the first section of the bill. I add that
the second seetion furnishes an argument equally
strong. It abolishes specific duties, by the require-
ment that all duties shall hereafter be imposed ad
valorem, and, since the act of 1842 imposes no ad
valorem duty on the articles charged with a specific
duty, either such ad valorem duty must be imposed
by this bill, or those articles will be free from duty.
Thus both sections of the bill distinctly prove it to
be a revenue bill in a "just sense"—a bill which ab-
solutely, and by its own force, imposes duties for
the purpose of revenue.
The second ground on which it is alleged that
this is not a revenue bill is equally untenable, though
it may require a somewhat more detailed answer.
The ground assumed is, that this is a bill to reduce
duties, and cannot, therefore, be considered within
the meaning of the prohibitory clause, as a bill to
raise revenue. This argument rests oil the suppo-
sition that to raise means to increase. The fact is
not so, but for the moment it may be admitted; and
the first answer is, that the words of the constitu-
tion are too large and comprehensive to permit such
an escape. The prohibition applies to "all bills"—
not bills for increasing, reducing, or continuing the
existing revenue, but all bills which relate to the
subject. But, secondly, it is to be remarked that
the term "raising" is applied to revenue, and not to
duties. The argument is, that this is not a bill for
rai4jig revenue—that is, as gentlemen understand
the term, for increasing the revenue—because it re-
duces the duties. But if it be true (and no one will
doubt that it is so) that a bill may reduce duties and
yet increase revenue, then this argument is equally
untenable. This is true where a rate of duty which
is prohibitory is substituted by one which is not so.
The reduced duty produces an importation when
there was none before, and consequently an increase
of revenue. So, also, in the case of articles which,
being of small size and of great value, are easily
smuggled into the country. In this case, if the duty
be higher than the risk of introducing the article
clandestinely, instead of paying the duty to the
government, a sum less than the duty will
be paid to the smuggler. Reduce the duty
so as not greatly to exceed the risk of the
smuggler, and it will be paid to the government.
Thus, under a high duty, the government will re-
ceive nothing, because of the temptation to the
smuggler; but, if you reduce the duty, his occupa-
tion is gone. The amount of this reduced duty
will then find its way into the treasury, and thus
raise increase—the revenue. It is, moreover, the
avowed purpose and distinctly predicted effect of
this bill so to increase it. The argument of the
senator from South Carolina is intended expressly
to prove that the reduction of duty which he pro-
poges? while it will, eiu he supposes, alleviate the
