CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$09
—r-a
time; and he again asked where the gentleman got
his power to legislate on the subject of slavery in the
District of Columbia. Suppose this District, instead
of being placed where it now stood, had been placed
in New Hampshire for instance, where he believed
there was not even the semblance of slavery: would
the gentleman's argument hold good' If Congress
could act so as to abolish slavery in the District of
Columbia, it could legislate to establish slavery, if
this District had been located in New Hampshire.
Did the gentleman believe Congress had power to
do that' But such was the conquence of his argu-
ment.
Other gentlemen who contended that Congress
had the power to legislate on the subject of slavery
here, had quoted, in support of their position, the
language of Mr. Madison; but those gentlemen, like
county court lawyers, had readjust as much as an-
swered their purpose, and omitted other parts which
should have been read to make the subject plain and
intelligible. He would, therefore, for the informa-
tion of the House, read further extracts from Mr.
Madison on the same subject.
The honorable gentleman read the extracts referred
to; and then said: These were Mr. Madison's views
on the subject, in which it was shown that he was of
opinion that Congress had no power, by the consti-
tution, which authorized it to legislate on that sub-
ject; and that any attempt to exercise such power
would be a usurpation.
Another gentleman, [Mr. Severance,] who had
argued this question, suggested that the people of
the East could not get land enough in their own
neighborhood; and that, so long as water ran, this
agitation would not cease. And what reason did
he give? Why, he said that when the southern
slaves were liberated, the Yankees could come and
occupy the most profitable and beneficial land of the
South. He (Mr. D.) knew the Yankees had great
anxiety to do so any how; and he knew, also, that
the Yankees made about the toughest masters, and
worked harder, and fed lighter, than any others.
[Laughter.]
But a gentleman from Virginian, [Mr. Wise,]
who was not now in his seat, had proclaimed that
he ceased to wage war any longer on this subject.
This he (Mr. D.) regretted. If the gentleman had
lost his armor, he had but to despatch a message to
that old mother who had so long sustained and taken
care of him; and in a few days he might have had
new and brighter armor, and then he might have
taught Hector that Achilles was himself again. But
whence (he asked) did the memorial from the
Massachusetts legislature come? And whence came
this language?—"That slavery will be abolished in
this country, and throughout the world, I firmly be-
lieve; whether it will be done peaceably, or by blood,
God only knows. But that it shall be accomplished,
I have not a doubt; and by whatever means, I say
let it come." Yes, "by whatever means, I say let it
come!" That was the prayer offered in transitu to
the throne of mercy. By blood or otherwise, let it
come!
Mr. ADAMS. Let it come.
Mr. DELLET. Yes, let it come; no matter what
havoc shall ensue amongst the five millions of men,
women, and children of the South! Let them all be
served up to satiate the Moloch of those assailants of
the constitution, and for the purpose of offering up
sweet incense to the holy—thrice holy abolition-
ists! The right of petition had been dwelt upon, and
gentlemen had quoted British authority in its sup-
port, while they were disregarding the petitions
of the five millions of citizens of the South.
Yes, they could listen to the petitions of abolition-
ists, but they could not listen to the petitions of five
millions of the people of the South. There was, to
the apprehension of the gentlemen, it seemed, a
pith, a marrow, a substance, in the petitions of the
abilitionists, which no others possessed. The peo-
ple of the South, petition as they might, could
never obtain the ear of the gentlemen. He did not
say that the people of the South had petitioned the
House upon the subject of slavery. In fact, they
had not, and never would; but their petitions were
written in the constitution of this nation. From
that instrument they were staring gentlemen in the
face at the very moment when abolition petitions
were being presented to the House.
But, laying aside the constitutional question, he
would ask, would they consent, as a matter of ex-
pediency, to give the preference to the petitions of a
few hundreds, or even thousands, of abolitionists,
over the petitions of five millions of the people of
the South? But he proceeded to inquire, (and he
did it through no disrespect,) whence was it that
the most astute and industrious advocate of the
abolition petitions derived his present notions upon
the subject of slavery; and when it was that they
first took possession of his breast? He would cer-
tainly have supposed that age so advanced, industry
so untiring, learning so accumulated, honors and con-
fidence so abundantly bestowed by a just if not a grate-
ful country, would have withheld the gentleman, when
speaking of a class of the citizens of this Union,
from applying to them the odious term slaveholder.
Whence was it that the gentleman had received
his first political honors? From the hands of slave-
holders. By whose advice was he retained in an
honorable mission abroad? By that of a slavehold-
er. Who placed him in the college of the diplomat-
ic world, in which he gained that distinction to
which he was so eminently entitled? Slaveholders.
Who made him afterwards Secretary of State?
Slaveholders. And who lastly made lnm the chief
among ten thousand, and placed him in the pres-
idential chair? Slaveholders. And yet, with all
these honors thick upon him, with all these rewards
of a grateful country, he calls his benefactors slave-
holders.
He was one among those who, in 1824, preferred
the civil qualifications of the gentleman to those of a
military character in the selection of a chief magis-
trate of the Union. He need not ask to be pardon-
ed by the gentleman; but he did ask the forgiveness
of his country.  
There was a strong disposition on the part of a
large pertion of the people of this country to imitate
what they called the morality of Great Britain. He
would ask the attention of gentlemen to the
morality of Great Britain. Africa, most afflicted
of Heaven, had furnished more of human suffer-
ing than any other spot of earth, and through
whose means? By means of British cupidity. In
1808 she secured to herself a monoply of the slave
trade for thirty years, by which it was stipulated
that she should for that period furnish all the Spanish
colonies with slaves. She secured to herself the
traffic in human flesh and blood—ay, the traffic in
souls for thirty years' Did her example make no
impression upon those over whom her influence ex-
tended? Why, after the conclusion of the_Ameri-
can war, was the slave trade continued in this coun-
try? And who was it that engaged in that trade'
The gentleman's friends (whether relatives or not,
he could not say) entered into that traffic; and, until
the year 1808, they continued to make money by
traffic in human flesh and blood, which was now a
matter of such serious complaint in the mouths of
the abolitionists. Was it for the purpose of quiet-
ing the spirits (according to.the notions of the gen-
tlemen) of those who were justly damned, that these
petitions were now thrust upon the House day
after day? God would deal with them according
to their deservings; these petitions would abate
nothing of their sufferings, the gentleman might be
assured. The question might have been settled
long ago, if the gentleman, who is so astute, had made
known his sentiments then; it might be settled now,
if there was only resolution enough to march up to it.
The gentleman from Massachusetts acknowl-
edged that Congress had no power to abolish
slavery in the States. Yet he persisted in forcing up-
on the House abolition petititions; and for what
purpose? Was it for the purpose of keeping
Congress in agitation? The gentleman owed it to
his patriotism; he owed it to his country; he owed
it to the five millions of men, women, and children
who were soliciting them to preserve the peace of
the country; he owed it to them 
The falling of the Speaker's hammer announced
the expiration of the hour.
Mr. ROGERS obtained the floor for the morning
hour to-morrow.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a commu-
nication from the President of the United States, ac-
companied by a report from the Secretary of War;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. THOMPSON asked and obtained permis-
sion to offer a resolution of the legislature of Mis-
sissippi in relation to a naval depot; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. HENLEY moved to suspend the rules for
the purpose of allowing him to offer a resolution
that the two Houses of Congress adjourn sine die
on the day of May.
This motion, however, being waived for a mo-
ment,
On motion of Mr. DROMGOOLE, the bill for
the distribution of the proceeds of the sales of the
public lands was recommitted to the CommiUae of
Ways and Means.  
The question being put upon Mr. Hekiei's mo-
tion to suspend the rales to enable him to offer his
resolution for the adjournment of Congress, the
yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SAUNDERS said he had voted, and should
continue to vote, against the resolution fixing a day
of adjournment, until the Committee of Ways and
Means should report upon the subject of revising the
tariff. He understood that the committee were
now engaged in preparing a bill, and would, in all
probability, report in the course of the ensuing
week. The House would then have the subject be-
fore them, as well as the appropriation bills, and
could act understandmgly on the subject. He was
ready to fix the earliest possible day, after giving
time to act on those important measures; but not be-
fore.
The yeas and nays being taken, resulted—yeag
108, nays 55, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Baker, Barringer, Beard'
sley, Benton, Bidlack, Edward J. Black, James Black, Bos<
aier, Bower, Brodhead, Aaron V. Brown, Milton Brown,
William J. Brown, Buftington, Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Cai*
roll, Reuben Chapman, Cranston, Cullom, Dana, Daniel,
John W. Davis, Deberry, Dickinson, Ellis, Farlee, Ficklin,
Florence, French, Byram (Sreen, Haidiu, Harper, Hayij Hen-
ley, Herrick, Houston, Hubard, Hubbfll, Hughes, Hurt^er-
ford, W. Hunt, James B. Hunt, Irvin, Jenks, Perley B. John-
son, A. Johnson, G.W.Jones, Andrew Kennedy, Preston
King, Daniel P King, Labranche, Lucas, Lyon, McClelland,
McClernand, McDowell, Mcllvaine, Mathews, Joseph Mor-
ris, Murphy, Norris, Peyton, Pratt, Ramsey, Rathbun,
Charles M. Reed, David S. Reid, Reding, Relfe, Ritter, Rob-
inson, Rockwell, Rogers, Russell, Sample, Schenck, Sen-
ter, Severance, Thomas H. Seymour, David L. Seymour,
Simons, Albert Smith, John T. Smith, Thomas Smith, Caleb
B. Smith, Steenrod, Stetson, Andrew Stewart, Stiles, Strong,
Sykes, Thomasson, Tilden, Vance. Vanmeter, Wentworth,
Wethered, Wheaton, White, Williams, Winthrop, William
Wright, Joseph A. Wright, and Yost—10$.
NAYS—Messrs. Ashe, Atkinson, Barnard, Belser, Black-
well, Jacob Brinkerhoff, Campbell, Catlin, A. A. Chapman,
Chappell, Cobb, Richard D. Davis, Dean, Dickey, Drom-
goole, Fis>li, Foot, Foster, Giddings, Willis Green, Grmnell,
Hale, Hamlin, Hoge, Hopkins, Hudson, Joseph R. IngersolJ,
Jameson, Cave Johnson, John P. Kennedy, Lewis, McCaus-
len, Maclay, McKay, Moore, Indorse, Moseley, Newton, Pai-
menter, PatterKon, Payne, Emery D. Potter, Saunders, Simp-
son, Slidell, Stephens, John Stewart, Stone, Taylor, Thomp-
son, Tibbats, Tyler, Vinton, and We Her—65.
PENSION BILL.
The House then resolved itself into a Committee
of the Whole, [Mr. Campbell in the chair,] and
resumed the consideration of the bill making appro-
priations for the revolutionary and other pension-
ers of the United States—the question being on the
amendment offered by Mr. Ca\e Johnson, pro-
viding that no army or navy officer shall receive
a pension while receiving pay from government as
such, and that all laws authorizing such payment be
repealed.
On putting the question, this amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON then submitted tire fol-
lowing additional amendment:
Jind be it further enacted, That so much of the
act approved June 20, 1834, entitled "An act con-
cerning naval pensions and the navy pension fund,"
as is m the following words: "Ana the same are
hereby also entitled—the widows of officers, sea-
men, and marines, who have died in the naval ser-
vice, by reason of disease contracted, or of casual-
ties, by drowning or otherwise, or of injuries re-
ceived while in the line of their duty; and the pen-
sions of such widows shall commence from the pas-
sage of this act: Provided, That every pension here-
by granted shall cease on the death or marriage of
such widows"—be, and tile same is hereby, re-
pealed. ,
Mr. J. having explained and advocated this
amendment— .
A conversational debate was continued by Messrs.
PARMENTER, CAVE JOHNSON, THOMAS-
SON, HARDIN, HALE, BRENGLE, BID-
LACK, McKAY, and BELSER.
On motion of Mr. WELLER, the committee rose
and reported pi ogress.
Mr. BARNARD observed that it was then after
three o'clock, and Washington's birth-day; and he
therefore moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON called for the yeas and
nays; which being ordered, resulted—yeas 65, nays
77. So the House  efused to adjourn.
PENSION BILL.
Ou motion of Mr. DROMGOOLE, the House
again resolved itself into Committee of the Whole,
