324
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
April, 1844.
The Tariff—Mr. Berrien.
Senate.
tion has not invested us for the purpose of enlight-
ening our constituents on this subject.
But if the alternative which I have suggested be
true—if the discussions on this bill, unproductive
and harmless as it must be in itself, do indeed fore-
shadow events which it is intended to accomplish
before another moon has "filled"its horns," then,
sir,, we are striking a chord -which will vibrate
throughout the Union, and affect injuriously the in-
dustrial pursuits of all classes of the community.
Mr. President, it is not the least among the evil
tendencies of this discussion, unprofitable as it is,
and leading, as we have seen, to no practical result,
that it is calculated, by the suggestion of imaginary,
or the exaggeration of real diversities of interest,
made in the heat and excitement of debate, to revive
those sectional feelings which, in a moment of ex-
citement, have heretofore menaced the safety of the
Union. I do not occupy your time by any detail of
tire occurrence of that unhappy and alarming crisis,
for they were too deeply impressed upon the mem-
ory of those who were cotemporary with th'em, not
to be easily recalled to our recollection. They have
been brought forcibly to mind by the recent perusal
of a letter written by one of the distinguished actors
in that controversy, and in no spirit of vainglorious
boasting; for of that he is incapable. With a well-
deserved compliment to the' gallant soldier who
commanded the forces of the government on that
trying occasion, he announces the readiness of the
volunteers under his command, on any day, Sun-
days excepted, to have given battle to General
Jackson's regulars, if this was to have decided the
issue. And he adds, in a spirit which was worthy
of him, and with an obvious feeling of abhorrence
for such a result: "but we knew that, on the dis-
charge of the first musket, the streets of our city
would run with fraternal blood." A single act of
indiscretion on either part would have led to this
fearful result; but no such act was committed. The
patriotism of South Carolina forbade it; and the
patriotism no less pure, the sound discretion, the
sleepless vigilance, above all, the "benignant desire
for peace and conciliation" which animated the gal-
lant soldier who watched over the safety of the
Union in that moment of excitement, all this united
to avert the evil. That distinguished officer was
found then, as in many a dark and fearful hour lie
has been found, fully adequate to whatever service
his country required at his hands. That perilous
moment has gone by. God forbid that such another
should ever recur, to try again, and in like manner,
the strength of our free institutions! This unhappy
strife was terminated by an act of peace and con-
ciliation—by the memorable compromise of 1833.
It is a bright page in our country's annals which re-
cords this act of patriotism and mutual forbearance.
We may, though I trust we shall not, sully those
which follow, but its brightness we cannot dim. It
did not restore peace to the country, for happily
that had not been broken; but it brought back to
their ancient relations of kindness and amity, and
reciprocal confidence, a gallant State, and her sisters
of the confederacy.
Mr. President, 1 would do much, bear much, suf-
fer much, before I would take any step which might
lead to the revival of those feelings. Yet I agree
that there is a point at which resistance to oppres-
sion becomes a freeman's duty—a limit beyond
which the sufferings which are inflicted by an un-
wise and unjust legislation ought no longer to be
borne. But does this oppression, do these sufferings
exist? Do they exist in that degree which requires
duit we should, in the peculiar condition of the
country at this moment, agitate anew this exciting
topic' Where is that extremity of suffering? What
memorial has announced its existence' Is it said
that southern men are the victims; that they are not
prone to complain; that their indignant feelings for-
bid tlieni to ask relief at the hands of their oppres-
sors? But if it be true, as is so earnestly contended,
that the act of 1842 not only enhances the prices of
foreign commodities to the extent of the duty which
it imposes, but compels consumers also to submit to
a corresponding increase of prices in similar articles
fit domestic manufacture, speaking as a southern
man, 1 marvel that our northern brethern, who are
consumers like ourselves, and more numerous than
we are, and ready enough to complain when they
think themselves aggrieved—I marvel that they do
not become sensible of the sufferings which, with-
out knowing it, they are compelled to bear. I pur-
sue the mqtriry. Da these sufferings exist? Sir,
tins involves a question of fact—the inquiry, what
) ■; ihe >,«««! condition <;.f the country at this roo 
ment, as compared with that in which it was before
the act of 1842 was passed? It is not necessary to
my purpose to determine-whether the present state
of things is produced by that act, or exists in spite
of it. I limit myself to the inquiry j whether there
is now existing in our country such a degree of suf-
fering, no matter how produced, as will justify us
in unsettling our revenue system and embarrassing
the pursuits of industry in all its various depart-
ments? It is a mere question of fact; and I answer
it by affirming—what I presume no one will deny—
that there is a sensible, obvious improvement in the
condition of the country since August, 1842.
Whether it be because of the tariff of that year, or
in spite of it, I repeat, is not a subject of my pres-
sent inquiry. I am dealing with fact, not theory—
and these things I take to be undeniable, in the
comparison between the two periods:
1. The credit of the government was prostrate,
and it has been redeemed. Its bills were protested.
Its treasury notes were below par. It sought a loan,
and could not obtain it, either here or in Europe, but
upon terms which were humiliating to a great na-
tion. It could not go into the market and borrow
money on terms as favorable as would be accorded
to a responsible individual. All this has been
changed. Its stock is above par. The government
has ample means to meet its current expenditures,
and such is now its credit that it could command on
loan any amount of money it might require.
2. The treasury was empty. It is now replenish-
ed, has an increasing income probably adequate to
its wants, and the means, if need be, of adding to it.
3. The commerce and navigation of the country
have increased.
4. Its agricultural condition has improved.
5. There has been a marked improvement in the
price of our great staple.
6. A reduction in the prices of almost all, if not
absolutely of every article of consumption.
7. To crown the whole, every branch of industry
has been stimulated to increased activity, and confi-
dence has been restored. These tilings I apprehend
are true. The tariff of 1842 has been in efficient
operation but little more than a year, and they have
followed, whether as effects of that measure or as
mere sequences, I no not inquire—they exist. The
country is sensibly relieved; it is not suffering as it
was in 1842; it is in a state of convalescence—•
inceptive, indeed, still enfeebled by a long course
of privation, but yet obviously recovering
from its prostration, and cheered by the pros-
pect of complete restoration. Looking to this
state of things, to public credit, to revenue,
to commerce and navigation, to agriculture, to the
prices of commodities, to the increased activity of
every branch of industry, and to the general and ob-
viously improved condition of the country, I ask is
this a time for excitement, for agitation, for interfer-
ing with the pursuits of industry, for disturbing the
labors of the counting-room, of the factory, of the
workshop, of the field, and of the wide and open
sea? Is this a time for change, for such change as
the adoption of this bill would bring us? Emphati-
cally, is this a time, looking to the political state of
the country, to the anomalous, enfeebled condition
of its administrative power' We have an executive
administration, of which it was some time since
said that its history might be written in parenthesis.
Even that may be spared now. The actual record
is on your executive journal: I nominate A B in the
room of C D removed, with multiplied entries as the
occasion may require. For the rest, it is in blank.
Let us look to ouiselves. Discordant counsels are
prevailing in the halls of legislation. Honestly dif-
fering in opinion on great and leading questions of
public policy, we can concert no great public meas-
ures in which those questions are involved. The
state of our foreign relations also should admonish
us to caution. Looking to these, a prudent states-
man, I think, would pause before he would unset-
tle a system of revenue, under which, whatever may
be its defects, the country is obviously advancing
and prospering.
But, again. Is this a time, on the ere of a great
struggle between the two political parties which di-
vide the country? They are separated on great prin-
ciples, sincerely cherished and ardently maintained
by each. These cannot be yielded or compromised
on the one sidp or on the other, either on this or any
other great question of public policy. The strug-
gle which awaits us, (it will, I trust, be conducted in
a manly and liberal spirit, however earnest it may
be,) in deciding which party shall predominate, will
probably settle for a series of years the principles on
which this government shall be administered. Vic-
tors or vanquished, it will behoove all of us to bow
to the decision of the American people. But until
then no great question on which the two parties di-
vide oanle settled on a permanent basis. This is
especially true of a tariff of duties, which is to fur-
nish revenne to the government, while it a fleets all
the pursuits of industry of its citizens. _ Such a bill,
in the present state of parties in the national legisla-
ture, cannot become a law, unless both parties
should yield what'the victor in the approaching con-
test would feel bound to reclaim in the first mo-
ments of his success. No system of revenue which
is adopted now can, therefore, be stable. It will not
truly represent the opinions of either party, and will
not endure beyond the first session of the next ad-
ministration, whichever may prevail. Is it wise,
then, to disturb the existing revenue law by sub-
stituting for it a bill thus imperfectly framed, and
doomed to an existence so transient and fleetii)g?_
I was struck, sir, by the harmony which prevail-
ed between my own and the views of the senator
from Missouri on this point. He does not think
the Senate has constitutional power to originate this
bill. He does not think the present a lit occasion
for the exercise of that power, if we possessed it;
but still he is in favor of discussion, of "temperate,
enlightened discussion," even though it be on a bill
which we have no right to originate, and which, ex
concessis, can lead to no practical result. I concur
as cordially with him in his premises as I Hiffer
widely in the conclusions to which they have con-
ducted him.
Mr. President, while under the influence of these
considerations I shall vote for the indefinite post-
ponement of this bill, with a view to leave the ex-
isting revenue system undisturbed, until a more pro-
pitious season shall occur for its revision. I am free to
admit that the act of 1842 is, in my judgment, lia-
ble to objections. I am influenced by the consider-
ation that, in a government like ours, there are
some things which are more important than the rate
of duty which we pay on the imports we consume:
that there are some crises in the political condition
of a nation in which it is wise to abstain from inno-
vation, even though that which is proposed should,
under more favorable circumstances, hold out the
prospect of benefit. I thought the tariff of 1842
was liable to objection's at the time of its passage. I
believed that some of the duties vere too high; that
some articles were subjected to duty which ought to
have been left free, and that some were left free
which ought to have been subjected to duty. I
therefore voted against it; but with the express dec-
laration to some of its friends as well as its oppo-
nents, that if it should fall by a single vote, as almost
up to the moment when it was put to the question
there was reason to- believe it would do, I would in-
stantly move its reconsideration. I would have
done this from the irrepressible desire which I felt
that the honor of the country should be redeemed
and its credit restored; and from a firm conviction
that, in the circumstances in which we were placed,
this could only be done by tne passage of that bill
in its present or in some modified form. I would
never have sonsented to adjourn leaving that unac-
complished. If the result had been to impose un-
due burdens on the South, I would have cheer-
fully borne my share of these burdens in my own
person; and I felt that I could rely on my constitu-
ents, if it were necessary, to make a larger sacrifice
than this to redeem the national honor. My ex-
pectations were realized. That determination was
frankly communicated to the people of Georgia,
and was cheered by the approbation of those to
whose confidence I am indebted for the honor of a
seat on this floor. I do but express their opinions,
therefore, in the vote which I am about to give on
this bill.
I do not propose to enter into a particular discus-
sion of the justice or policy of the protective sys-
tem. Within the limits of revenue, and with a scale
of duties so graduated as to leave the market gen-
erally open to competition, that question will be—
perhaps lias been—settled by the American people,
under the instructive lessons of experience, without
embarrassing themselves with tabular statements or
philosophical theories. That they have been cau-
tious and slow in adopting this conclusion, will not
surprise those who look to our history, while we
were colonies of Great Britain, her policy com-
pelled us to resort to her workshops for the manu-
factures which we required. That was then our
natural market—so at least our mother thought;
and when we had escaped from this vassalage, the
