April, 1844.
APPENDIX ,T0 THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
325
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff-—Mr. Ben-ien.
Senate.
handful of patriots who had achieved our indepen-
dence found ample employment for a time in the la-
bors to which they had been accustomed—in com-
merce, in navigation, and in agriculture. They had
border strifes to adjust; they had rich forests to
subdue; they had capital to accumulate; they had
a government to form. A disjointed confederacy
was not calculated to stimulate the enterprise of our
fathers, and they languished during its continuance.
The new government came, with its inspiring influ-
ences; and very soon the condition of the European
world, which made us the common carriers of na-
tions, so extended our commerce and navigation as
to take away for the time all motive for any other
employment of our capital and labor.
We came from the war of 1815 with fnanufactures
which had grown up during our troubles, and which
required the protection of the government to save
them from prostration. Southern patriotism, south-
ern liberality, came to their rescue. Massachusetts
stood aloof from 1816 to 1828, unwilling to with-
draw from commerce the capital which it profitably
employed. The great manufacturing State of Penn-
sylvania was af one time the commercial rival of
New York. In every State the process by which
manufactures commended themselves to public favor
was not only gradual but slow. Its progress seems
nevertheless to be steady. It has overrun the east-
ern and middle States, New Hampshire perhaps ex-
cepted. Its course is southward. Maryland is a
manufacturing State; Virginia and North Carolina
are becoming so; and the State of South Carolina is
now receiving into her bosom an English manu-
facturing company. With English capital and
English operatives, she is about to furnish to her
citizens that which, if it succeeds, will be in truth
their natural market of purchase as well as sale.
This English capital will thus be added to our own;
and these English operatives will no doubt soon be-
come good American citizens. I read from the news-
paper which I hold in my hand some account of this
establishment:
Ki.liv hi County,'February'22, 1844.
Messrs. Morgan & Jonks: I proceed to give you ahistory,
briefly, of a manufacturing establishment on foot'in this part
of the country, which may not be uninteresting to the read-
ers of the Courier.
An agent for a large manufacturing company from Man-
chester, England, was sent to the United States for the pur-
pose of examining the difieivnt n\ ers, to find the most suita-
ble water privileges and other ad\ antages m point of loca-
tion, in view of erecting a large manufacturing establish-
ment. The result is, that said agent has settled'down upon
a location at the bead of Trotter's Shoals, on the Savannah
river, nine miles above Petersburg. The situation was the
property of James Edward Calhoun, and was purchased by
the agent at sixty thousand dollars!, including eight thousand
acres of land. It is said that forty families Jrom Manchester
are on their way, or are coming on soon, to prepare for a
very large business} hence we discover that the manufacture
of eveij description of cotton and woollen goods will not be
confined much longer to the northern portion of the Union.
The extent of the benefits of such an establishment in our
own country is not easy to determine. South Carolina and
Georgia will have a home market for their cottons, and our
people can supply themselves \v ith goods cheaper than they
can be bought m England and brought to this country,
from the fact that cotton h higher in England than it is here,
besides the freight we pay, custom-house duties, profits to
merchants, fee. The manufacture of woollen goods, broad-
cloths, ice. will give a very great impetus to the raising of
sheep. Sheep of the best kind will be introduced into our
country, and, m place of the little half-pcrished dwarfs that
we now have, filled with burrs, we shall have the merino,
Southdown, &tc. Greater pains w ill be taken 1111.using sheep
whenever we can find a ready market for our wool.
It k gratifying to the people here to bcliei e that we shall
see a large manufacturing town spring up as b) magic on
the margin of old Elbert.
Lands in the vicinity will 110 doubt advance, and indeed
have advanced already. People living near will find sale for
everything they have to spare, and the old women are be-
ginning to talk pretty strong about turk( ys, chickens, eggs,
&c. for the factory. C.
But the march of this manufacturing spirit is still
onward and southward. Georgia 13 awaking to the
conviction that a portion of her productive labor
may be better employed. Hitherto she has confined
it to the cultivation of two great staples. A pro-
pitious season and a favorable market gave an abun-
dance which tempted to prodigality. The failure of
either subjected to general embarrassment. She is
becoming daily more and more convinced of the
advantage of a division of labor. Here is some ac-
count of her progress:
Among the resources of Georgia now developing them-
selves, are her manufactures of cast and wrought iron, lo-
cated in our mountain region. Several are now in opera-
tion. or springing into existence. "We will only mention
that in Cass county, twelve miles from Cassville, and six
east of the railroad, 13 a furnace where large quantities of
hollow-ware and other castings are made of a very fair
quality. These sell at the factory at four cents per pound.
Bar iron   also made there, and sold at six cents, and
WUgij c$n&ot be manufactured to supply the demand A
new establishment for the purpose of rolling and cutting ♦
nails is erecting on the Hightower river. On the Altooney
creek, one mile from the railioad, another furnace is now
erecting for the purpose of manufacturing wrought iron
only. In a few years the people of Georgia need not look
beyond The limits of their own State for any of these arti-
cles, and will also supply most of the cotton manufactures
necessary for her consumption. ["What do the Georgia
manufacturers of cotton and iron think of the tariff?]
There are also many articles of provisions, such as flour,
bacon, Irish potatoes, butter, &c., which will soon be fur-
nished by our Cherokee region sufficient for our con-
sumption, and distributed by our railroads throughout the
State.
^Alabama, too, it would seem, is engaging in the
enterprise. Ihere are now seven factories in that
State; and the Alabama Times of the 27th ultimo
has the following:
We are glad to learn that preparations are making to bo-
gin an extensive spinning and weaving establishment at the
Tallapoosa fails, in the neighborhood of Tallahassee, twen-
ty-one or two miles from this city. The location and water
power is thought to be as good, or better, than any other in
the State. This is just what the South ought to do.
The infection has extended to our extreme south-
western boundary. Hear the Yan Buren (Ark.)
Intelligencer of the 24th ultimo:
Cotton yarn.—We have just been shown a hank of cot-
ton j aru manufactured by Maik Bean, esq., of Cane Hill,
Washington county. Fxnellent judges pronounce it a su-
perior article, and equal to any manufactured m the eastern
States. We take pleasure m noticing this evidence of im-
provement in our State. From the tokens before us, we can
venture to predict that happy and prosperous times are in
store for us, if we but follow up the enterprising and indus-
trious course that we have commenced. Mr. Bean informs
us that he manufactures six hundred do7cn hanks of this
thread per week.
And here is the comment of a southern editor on
these various operations—a little rough, to be sure,
but serving to indicate an awakened spirit:
The immense investment actually made, and to be made,
by a foreign company, m upper Carolina, our readers arc al-
ready acquainted with. The villanous black tariff is certain-
ly working sad results. It is a pity that these spinning-jen-
nies will disturb the syban solitudes of our own tardy
Georgia. And yet it will be so. despite of all the fine-spun
theories of the talkers. Good cotton cloth will soon be
woven, that will be of better texture, last longer, and confer
more comfort, than all the air woven fabrics of those who
oppose manufactures. Those who, ten years hence, go to
our mountains in search of picturesque solitudes, will be as
much disappointed as Kousseau was when he stumbled up-
on a stocking factory in a romantic glen in the Swiss Alps,
where he fancied he could live retired, forgetting the world,
and by the world forgotten. Shady and leafy glens, and
tumbling cascades, that make those precincts vocal where
"Human foot hath ne'er or rarely been,"
are very good in their way, but tin ) arc beUci 111 suinmei
than in winter; and the plashing of one good water-wheel,
that aids in manufacturing comfortable clothing for an in-
dustrious population, is worth all the cascades in creation.
But wo can have the cascades and the mills too. The Falls
of Montmorenci turn a mill, without any disgrace to the
wat< r.
Our northern brethren will not, therefore, it would
seem, be permitted any longer to play this game al-
together alone. They must divide the ''plunder,"
and share with us of the South .some of those "enor-
mous profits" which they have been hitherto ex-
clusively enjoying.
Mr. President, if we could divest ourselves of a
long-cherished attachment to theories—an attach-
ment which has become stronger from the exciting
scenes thiough which the defence of them has con-
ducted us—and come to the consideration of this
question of protection in a better and calmer spirit,
it would be found that the diversities of opinion
which exist between us are not so great as he who
listens to the denunciations which are uttered here
and elsewhere would be led to imagine. The ad-
vocates of protection claim, as I understand them,
that the expenses of the government shall be de-
frayed by a duty on imports; and that, in collecting
the necessary revenue, a discrimination shall be
made for the protection of domestic industry. This
presents three questions:
1. The power to discriminate.
2. The expediency of so exercising it.
3. The extent of the protection to be afforded.
On the first question there is, I apprehend, very
little diversity of opinion. The mere power seems
to he either expressly admitted, or to be a neces-
sary inference from what is admitted, even by the
advocates of the present bill. The power to im-
pose taxes, ex vi termini, implies the right to deter-
mine what article shall be taxed, what shall be free,
and what shall be the rate of taxation; in other
words, to discriminate. This power of discrimina-
tion may, however, be exercised for two purposes:
first, for revenue^ second, for protection. The
senator from South Carolina admits the first,
in the definition which he gives of a proper
revenue tariff, and in the different rates gf duty
which he proposes on the luxuries of the rich,
and the necessaries of the poor. The senator
from Missouri admits both, and is unwilling to
abandon the protection, to a proper extent and m a
proper degree, of the domestic industry of our peo-
ple. As between him, therefore, and those who are
denominated advocates of protection, the difference
is merely a question of degree. But does not the
same consequence, as to the question of power, re-
sult inevitably from the argument of the senator
front- South Carolina? He would discriminate for
the purpose of revenue; that is, he would impose
duties on such articles and at such rates as would
best secure an adequate inconie to the government.
Thus far I agree his discrimination is for revenue
merely. But he goes further: he would discrimi-
nate between the articles which minister to the lux-
ury of the rich and those which subserve the neces-
sities of the poor, and in favor of the latter. Tfte
motive is good; the act would be praiseworthy, if
the purpose could not be better accomplished other-
wise; but this surely is not discrimination for the
purpose of revenue. On the contrary-, that in many
cases would require an exactly opposite course, aa
revenue may be collected in greater abundance and
with more certainty from necessaries than front
luxuries. The discrimination then would be made?
for the purpose of relieving the poor from the pres-
sure of taxation—not for revenue, but from motives
of charity. In my judgment, sir, this yields the
whole argument. If we may discriminate between,
the rich and the poor, not to increase revenue, but
to lighten its pressure on the victims of poverty—if
we may thus discriminate for the relief and protec-
tion of the poor, so far as the question of power is
concerned, the advocates of protection may well ask,
why we may not in like manner discriminate be-
tween foreign and domestic labor, for the protection
of the latter? It would be difficult, I apprehend, sir,
to answer this question, enforced, as it might be, by
the suggestion that this exercise of the power of
discrimination must have been foreseen by the con-
vention, since such was the usage of all commercial
nations, and adding that it was actually resorted toT
and for this avowed purpose, by the first Congress
which assembled under the constitution.
I cannot avoid, moreover, the acknowledgment
that there is much force in the argument which was*
so ably presented and so happily illustrated by the
chairman of the Committee on Finance—that a just
and wise discrimination in favor of the domestic in-
dustry of the country, by adding to the national
wealth, and consequently to the ability of individu-
als to consume, may tend directly to increase the
revenues of the government* Nor am I insensible
to the high considerations of public policy and of
public duty which this question involves. If this
power can be exercised for purposes so beneficial,
without unduly pressing on the productive industry
of any portion of this great community of States, I
cannot conceive any higher obligation, if we except:
those of maintaining the regulated liberty whick the
constitution secures, and of preserving the public
morals, than the duty of increasing national and in-
dividual wealth by thus stimulating the productive
energies of our people. Sir, when 1 look to the con-
dition of this favored land; to the extent of its ter-
ritory, stretching from ocean to ocean; to its diver-
sity of clime; its variety of production; the abund-
ance which it yields of whatever may exercise the
skill or employ the industry of man: when I con-
sider the rapid increase of its population, and reilect
that there are those now living, who, if this confed-
erated government, Deo juvante, shall happily con-
tinue brightening its bond of union and still pressing
onward with the same decennial speed which hast
hitherto marked its progress; that there are those
who are even now breathing this air of freedom,
who will live to see a population of fifty millions of
men spread over this vast territory, speaking one
and the same language, animated" by one and the
same spirit, trained up in the maxims of civil lib-
erty under the influences of one and the same glo-
rious constitution, acknowledging one common bond
ofunion, and bowing in fervent gratitude for all
these blessings at the altar of one and the same God,
the inquiry is pressed upon me with a force which.
I can very feebly express, can it be that these my-
riads of freemen, thus furnished by the bounty of
Heaven with all which can minister to their wants
or to their wishes, can it be that they are destined to
be dependent on the workshops of Europe foi ih«
necessaries or the conveniences of life?
Mr. President, they are few in number, I believe,
who will answer this question th? affirmative
