31 %
CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
general government should give up its interest m
that work, sine® further appropriations were denied,
and the work itself was of no value whatever to the
fovernment in its present incomplete state, to allow
laryland to go on and complete it for her own
benefit. He presumed there could not be any rea-
sonable objection made to this proposition. The
stock proposed to be ceded, consisted of the one
million originally subscribed by the United States,
and the million and a half. subscribed by the
cities of the District, since transferred to the
United States, in consideration of their having paid the
loan contracted in Holland by said cities to pay for
said subscription. The stock in that canal was now
of no value in the market. It never would be of any
value, until the work was completed; and it never
could or would be completed, unless the general gov-
ernment provided the funds necessary for its comple-
tion, or surrendered its stock to Maryland. It was pre-
sumed and believed by that State, that she could find
capitalists who would undertake to furnish the re-
quisite amount of money, and wait till the capital
could be reimbursed to them out of the avails of
the work. But Maryland could not make any such
pledge, unless Congress surrendered its interest.
He thought there would be no objection urged
against this proposition. The general action of
Congress, for the last two of three sessions, seemed
to have been in favor of it; and he did not think
that now, when the completion of the work was
rendered so imperatively necessary, in order to
make it of any value at all, the only means by which
that object could be effected, would be denied by
CoEgreas.
He only made this explanation for the benefit of
gentlemen who had not had an opportunity of ejg-
amining into, and forming their opinion on, the sub-
ject.
Mr. TAPPAN said the question before the Sen-
ate, as it struck him, was whether the federal gov-
ernment should give a million or two of dollars to
the State of Maryland without any equivalent what-
ever. The State of Maryland had expended money
in constructing a canal for her own use. If she had
become bankrupt by its prosecution, and wanted
means, that formed no reason why the federal gov-
ernment should help her out'of her bankruptcy. He
supposed the fact was, that she had expended more
money than, by a seasonable share of economy,
would have completed that canal to Cumberland.
By- an examination of works of a similar kind, in
other States of the Union, it would be seen that this
work had cost much more than it should have cost.
He saw no reason why the government should make
a present to the State of Maryland of this stock, cost-
ing two million and a half of dollars.
Mr. MERRICK was understood to say, that pro-
vision waR made by the bill to secure a perpetual
right to the United States to transport her troops,
arms, and camp equipage.
Mr. TAPPAN knew no probability of a war that
would require the transportation of provisions, ammu-
nition, and troops. He thought it was not probable
that that reservation would be any advantage to the
United States. The community at large, who were
taxed to pay for the stock proposed to be given
away, and the government of the United States, had
received an evidence of the liberality of the State of
Maryland in their exorbitant charge for travelling on
their railroad between this city and Baltimore. For
one, he was not disposed to treat the State of Mary-
land with any greater liberality than they treat the
government and the'public at large.
Mr. PORTER went into a history of this matter,
and remarked that the Committee 011 Roads and Ca-
nals had recommended the transfer, believing that,
if it was done, the canal might be completed to
Cumberland. In recommending the cession, how-
ever, the committee did not understand that thereby
they would be giving to Maryland two million and
a half of dollars. The stock now commanded no
value in the market, and in giving it away they were
really giving nothing. One fact might be well men-
tioned. The project was one originally of State ori-
gin—Maryland and Virginia. Under the policy of
those States a much smaller canal was contemplated.
They contemplated making it a canal of small di-
mensions. It was made its present size in conse-
, <juence of a condition annexed in the law of Con-
■  ;ress, authorizing a subscription of a million of dol-
lars on the part of the government. The effect of
carrying out the condition of that act involved the
of Maryland more deeply than if the" work
had been, constructed as commenced before the sub-
r-enptiori on the part of the government.
Mr. MERRICK made some further remarks in
support of the bill. He said the design of the two
States was to make the canal to the Ohio river.
They contemplated making a canal only 30 feet
wide, and 3 feet deep. But the government, to
make it a great national work, subscribed a million
of dollars, with the condition alluded to by the sen-
at®r from Michigan, [Mr. Porter.] The condition
was, that the canal should be 60 feet wide, and 6
feet deep, so as to make it a magnificent work. It
was now completed 134 miles. The question was,
whether they would be willing to appropriate further
means, to make the stock now held by the govern-
ment valuable, or transfer that stock (which was now
worthless) to the State of Maryland. All the stock
held by all parties' in this great work was worth
nothing to any person. The stock held was a*dead
loss to all. The government stock would not bring
$500 in the market; and so long as it was held by
file government, no person would go forward and
complete the canal to a point where it would render
the stock valuable. If the stock was held on to, the
canal never would be completed. And it would be
unjust to expect the State of Maryland to go on and
complete it, that the government might reap the ben-
efit of it. The government, if it held the stock,
should at least contribute to make it valuable.
Mr. WALKER rose to make some remarks on
the bill; but, the morning hour having expired, the
subject was laid on the table till to-morrow.
THE OREGON QUESTION.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the res-
olution submitted by Mr. Semple, in the following
words:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to give notice to the British govern-
ment that it is the desire of the government of the
United States to annul and abrogate the provisions
of the third article of the convention concluded be-
tween the government of the United States of Amer-
ica and his Britannic Majesty the King of the Uni-
ted Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland on the
20th October, 1818, and indefinitely continued be-
tween the same parties, signed at London the 6th
August, 1827.
Mr. HANNEGAN considered himself bound to
return his acknowledgments to the honorable sen-
ator from New Jersey for his kind courtesy in yield-
ing the floor, to which he was entitled from having
occupied it on the adjournment on yesterday even-
ing. He would endeavor in his remarks to follow,
as close as his recollection would enable him, the
arguments used by the honorable and distinguished
senator from Massachusetts m his very able speech
of yesterday; which arguments, notwithstanding
theadmited ability of the speaker and the gifted
display of talent in which they were clothed, re-
solved themselves into the fact, that every foot—nay,
every inch of the disputed country, every patch of
land or water within 42° to 54° 40' minutes parallel
of north latitude belonged to the United States; but
that the United States must not dare to adopt the
resolution, lest, forsooth, by doing so, she should
offend the majesty of Great Britain. No matter
though the fact is not disputed of right and title
being ours, yet, fearful of giving offence, we are not
even to give notice of an intention to claim our own;
but are meekly to await the pleasure of this mighty
power, now in possession of the whole, as to wheth-
er, in the course of time, we may be permitted, not to
claim, but sue respectfully for leave to occupy a
part. The senator from Massachusetts was not
satisfied with the general form of the resolution, and,
in that, he agreed with him; for he would pre-
fer seeing it in the form in which, if it was re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations,
he trusted it would be returned to the Senate—and
that was in the form of a joint resolution. He did *
not present himself to the Senate to speak of the
high and serious, and (as he thought) theoretical inte-
rests so forcibly dwelt 011 by the senator from Mas-
sachusetts, as depending on the passage of this reso-
lution; but he would, as he thought he had a right
to do,speak of the substantial interests involved in
it—not to one, but to every section of the country.
That senator set out by expressing his great alarm
at the course proposed m the remarks made by the
honorable senator from Missouri. Alarm at what'
he would ask. Alarm at this country giving a no-
tiee expressly provided for in the convention to
which she was a contracting party, that the binding
powers of such convention should cease it5—a sim-
ple notice which, if he understood the honorable
senator correctly, was described by him as_a demon-
stration of hostility on our part toward England.
How could such construction be put on it? What
was it more than a notice, which either party might
five, to annul a simple contract entered into by
oth, with full power, on such notice given, for
either side to break up? It would be indeed a strange
inconsistency if England assumed the right to'o to
war for no other reason than the receiving such no-
tice; and still stranger would it be, if we were to be de-
terred from declaring a determination to assert and
maintain our rights from fear of any power abroad.
He was surprised at the strain of sarcasm and
irony which ran through the senator from Massa-
chusetts speech on yesterday. He regretted it, as the
object seemed to be to create the mirth, and not to
excite the serious attention of the body to which it
was addressed; and he could not help alluding to
that gentleman's ill-timed ridicule in asking if we of
the West were terrified at the dangers that would
threaten us from the attacks of one thousand undis-
ciplined trappers, which, according to him, was all the
force England had in the Oregon county. He ex-
pected better from that honorable senator, than such
a burlesque appeal, or, more properly speaking, un-
derhand attack on the feelings of a great portion of
his fellow-citizens—a portion who, in devotion to
their country, in pure and unpolluted patriotism,
vied with any other portion in the Union. If a
British peer had by invitation been admitted on the
floor of that chamber, and used such language, then
he could have appreciated it; but coming from a
member of the body, he could only regret it. But
he would tell him, and tell the world, the people of
the West were not terrified; they were not alarmed;
they knew not what terror, what alarm was.
Mr. CHOATE explained, and said, previoua
to *the using the expressions quoted, he had
examined and disposed of the argument, whether
Great Britain, if not disposed or interested in
forwarding agricultural interests in the Ore-
gon, would offer resistance or annoyance to
peaceable agriculturists from the United States. He
proved they would not; and in using the words
complained of, he was ridiculing the idea that the
Hudson Bay company could, even if disposed,
prove any annoyance.
Mr. HANNEGAN was perfectly aware that it was
after that portion of his argument being disposed of
that the remarks were made; but it was not to be ex-
pected that he was to note down, and follow consecu-
tively, every point made by him. Mr. H. then pro-
ceeded to review the appeal made by Mr. Choate to
all the passions of the human heart; his endeavor to
enlist the sympathies of the senators from Vermont
and Rhode Island, in describing the ruin that war
would bring 011 the woollen and iron trades. No mat-
ter about national disgrace; suffer every indignity;
but don't go to war, except you can do it cheap. Na-
tional honor, national glory, and national integrity,
are, with him, as nothing, when compared with cost.
According to this doctrine, if it cost too much, if it
does not agree with the report of ways and means,
we must bow our necks submissively to the yoke.
But that would not do for the people of America—a
people who worshipped, with an idolatry of devo-
tion, the honor and fame of their country, without
distinction of party, or difference of opinion; and
who would (he, as one of their representatives,
would stake his life and fortune on it,) sooner than
cling to a union that would permit a sacrifice of na-
tional honor, by bending the knee to the god of gold,
take even to the Eutopia of the honorable senator
from South Carolina.
Suppose we were to surrender the territory, or
half the teiritory north of the bank of the Columbia
river, without reserve, to insatiable England: would
we, by doing so, secure a peace? If so, what would
such peace be worth' History warned us that 110
nation ever purchased peace, that did not, in do-
ing so, take the first step to inevitable destruction.
Purchase one peace, and you will have to go 011
purchasing peace after peace, until your means be-
come exhausted, and nothing will be left but to
wipe from the map of the world the name of a peo-
ple who were base enough to barter their honor for
ease, their unblemished character for inglorious and
degrading peace. How widely must the sentiments
of those advocating ' such a course, contrast with
that noble sentiment, graven on the heart of every
true American: "Millions for defence, not a cent for
tribute."
Talking of cost reminded him whenever the pecu-
liar interests of any, portion of the constituents of
those acting with the honorable senator from Mas-
, -#achusetts was interfered with, or proposed to be inter-
