326
APPENDIX TO tilE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Berrien.
Senate.
With the greater portion of those who advocate low
duties, but who would be unwilling to withhold
protection from manufactures, the question is one of
degree merely. That is an inquiry, which, when
the proper time arrives, I shall desire to examine
•with the utmost care. The senator from Missouri
supposes it is answered by the past history of our
coi*itry. To show this, he divides that history into
two great epochs, and scanning these with philoso-
phic eye, seeks to contract from them the principle
he maintains—that low duties conduce to the pros-
perity ofthe country. Sir, this is ahigh intellectual op-
eration; it can be successfully performed only by an
accurate knowledge of results, and by a capacity to
trace and duly to estimate the causes, often various
and sometimes seemingly contradictory, whose
combined influences have contributed to produce
them: rerum eognosure causas, et mam cuique tribuere.
The defect, however, as it seems to me, in the hon-
orable senator's argument, consists in the failure to
appreciate at its full value the peculiarly favorable
condition of this country during the earlier epoch of
which he speaks, and its influence in producing the
result which he exhibits. His intention had been
called to the fact, for he notes its influence "in pro-
moting imports for re-exportation," overlooking
what, in a question relating to revenue, was more
important—its tendency to increase the quantum of
imports for consumption in the country, from which
the revenue was to arise.
The honorable senator will, 1 think, find a full
explanation of our extraordinary prosperity during
this period in the fact—to which he has adverted,
though for another purpose—that the stars and
stripes of this young nation then floated over a great
part of the commerce of the world; that the wars
which grew out of the French revolution, and made
Europe one great battle-field, made us also the car-
riers of all nations; and that these wars—commencing
in 1793, and only temporarily interrupted by the
peace of Amiens in 1801, which might more prop-
erly be denominated a truce—extended beyond the
first period embraced by his table ; although after
1808 our own situation denied to us the benefits
which we had before enjoyed from that of the Euro-
pean world. We were, during this propitious
period, in a condition similar to that of Holland be-
fore the British navigation act, and the awakening
of other nations to the conviction that they could do
for themselves what Holland had theretofore done
for them, had deprived her of the privilege of being
the carrier of the world. It might well therefore
happen that a population mounting from four to
seven millions, during a period of prosperity like this,
might sustain an amount of importation, and conse-
quently produce and steadily preserve an amount of
revenue, much greater then even double their num-
ber could have sustained and produced during the
last epoch of the honorable senator, without looking
to the rate of duty to explain the diversity.
This would be more obviously true if, at the
commencement of the latter epoch, the country was
just emerging from a war, which had exhausted her
resources, and broken up, however temporarily, the
pursuits of industry of all classes of her citizens;
and if its progress had been marked by a series of
commercial revulsions, necessarily and directly af-
fecting a revenue almost exclusively derived from
imports. In both cases the operative cause, was
from without. The condition of the country was, 1
apprehend, very little affected by the rate of duty
which was imposed. But I will not pursue this in-
quiry further. I cannot avoid, however, adding
that I marvelled at the regret expressed by the sen-
ator at the falling off in the exportation of bread-
stuffs; which, notwithstanding the diversion of agri-
cultural labor to the cultivation of cotton, have still
been produced in greater quantity, but have been
consumed at home. This has resulted from the in-
creased demand and increased ability to consume,
created by the protection afforded to our domestic
industry employed in manufactures. That our
farmers should have found a market for their flour
and corn at home, instead of being obliged to send
it abroad, seems to me matter of gratulation, rather
than of_regret.
Mr. President, it is pressed upon us in this argu-
ment that the act of 1843 imposes undue and pecu-
liar burdens on southern industry—on the planting
interest of the South. This, sir, is to me an awaken-
ing suggestion—the burden, if it exists, operating
alike on my constituents and myself, and upon me
personally to the whole extent of the productive
property which I possess. A little reflection, how-
erer, relieves me from apprehension. I know that
any tax which the government can impose, insofar
as it operates upon consumption, can only compel
the southern planter to share in the burden which
all consumers have to bear. Experience satisfies
me, too, that this cannot be to the whole amount of
the duty, but that the foreign producer must bear
-his proportion of it in the diminished profits of capi-
tal. I know that the price of southern produce lias
not fallen since these duties were imposed. I know,
too, that the prices of articles of southern consump-
tion have not risen, but have been sensibly dimin-
ished. I find, therefore, that the injury which we
have sustained must consist, not in what we have
actually lost, but in what we might by possibility
have gained, if this law had not been passed. This
opens a wide field for speculation, conjecture, and
for the exercise of imaginative power. Theoretical
reasoning may range over it at large, and revel in
the conviction that it is safe from the assault of its
natural enemies—those of fact and experience.
Sir, this doctrine, that the whole of the duty im-
posed on an article of import falls upon the con-
sumer—and not only so, but that he is compelled
also to submit to an equivalent increase in the price
of similar articles manufactured at home—I think
finds no countenance in any work on political econ-
omy, whether of domestic or of foreign origin. I
do not so read either Adam Smith or Jean Baptiste
■Tay, though both are advocates of free trade. On
the contrary, I find the latter, to whom alone I have
recently referred, stating that the distribution of
these burdens between producers and consumers is
infinitely diversified according to the circumstances
- of the individuals, and distinguishing the various
cases in which they fall on the producers, or are di-
vided between them and the consumers of the com-
modities which are taxed. This is affirmed in rela-
tion to taxes which are internal. It may be more
strongly asserted where the producer of any article
has to pneounter an import duty in the market to
which he sends it; for then, what portion of the tax
can be thrown upon the consumer must depend
upon the demand m that market, and this will of
course be affected by the supply of similar articles
of domestic manufacture. The reduction of profits
to which he submits is the price which he pays for
the privilege of that market, and the extenl of it
must depend upon the vigor of the competition which
he encounters there.
As an agricultural producer of an article which is
subject to a heavy duty on its importation into Great
Britain, where it is usually sent, I should be glad to
leam that the English consumer would relieve me
from the payment of that duty. England imposes
one rate of duty on rice in the rough or paddy, and
another and higher rate on rice which is pounded
and fitted for use. Observe, first, the care which she
takes to pocket her own manufactures in these dif-
ferent rates of duty. That on paddy is 7 shillings
per quarter, equal to 10 i d. per bushel; on clean rice,
it is G shillings for 112 pounds. It takes twenty
bushels of paddy to make a barrel of clean rice,
weighing 600 lbs. net. On 20 bushels of paddy, at
10^p. per bushel, the duty is 17s. 6d. The same
quantity in the form of clean rice, making a barrel
of 600 lbs. net, at 6s. per 112 lbs., pays about 32s.
Thus, if I send these twenty bushels of paddy to
be cleaned in England, they will pay an import duty
of 17s. 6d. If I employ American labor, and have
it cleaned in this country, they pay 32s. This dif-
ference is of course for the protection of the pound-
ing tYiills in England. But in either case the duty
is paid by the planter, for it is taken into account
by the purchaser here, whether jt is sold in the
form of clean rice or of paddy. What renders this
less tolerable is, that this duty is exacted in viola-
tion of the existing commercial treaty. Great Brit-
ain admits nee from the west coast of Africa at a
mere nominal duty, and we are entitled under that
treaty to the same privilege. Mr. Stevenson thought
when he was in England that he had secured it; but
the President tells us in his message, at the opening
of the present session, that it is yet in controversy,
and still the subject of negotiation. But if the con-
sumer pays this duty, why are we so anxious to
obtain its remission? Why do we seek to obtain
the admission of this and other articles of our prod-
uce into foreign ports at a moderate duty? And if
we have to pay this duty for the privilege of the
English market, how is it that the English manu-
facturer can escape the same consequence in rela-
tion to duties imposed here, to enable him to enjoy
the privilege of our market?
But the most extraordinary of all the propositions
which this debate has produced, is that Great Brit-
tain is disposed to adopt a system of free trade, and
that we ought to act in a reciprocal spirit. What
is this free trade, and where does it exist? Is it in
England? Is it here? Can it be tolerated by either
country?
Can Great Britain tolerate it, encumbered as she
is by a debt the provision for the..interest on which
demands all her resources' She receives from cus-
toms annually upwards of twenty-three millions
sterling. Can she dispense with this' And how
would she supply the deficiency? She has already,
in addition to all her other, burdens, an income tax,
which has been heretofore resorted to only in times
of great emergency. She. has already taxed almost
everything which is taxable; but, after all, the heav-
iest of her taxes is that which she levies, or at-
tempts to levy, oh the credulity of other" nations,
when she affects to be the advocate of free trade.
Can we dispense with duties and imports as the
chief source of our revenue? adopt this principle of
free trade, and throw our ports open to all nations
freely and without charge' Can we resort to direct
taxation? The States have no other means of ob-
taining revenue. Can we burden the people with
direct taxes for the support of both governments?
No, sir. We, too, must depend upon customs. Free
trade, cannot, then, exist between two nations so
circumstanced. The true principle for us is well
expressed by a periodical writer of the day. I quote
from recollection: "Reciprocal commerce with for-
eign nations, and perfect free trade among our-
selves." The only question between two such na-
tions as the United States and Great Britain relates
to the comparative burdens which they respectively
impose. That comparison would show how much
we lag behind her in the burdens imposed upon
commerce. I will detain you only to advert to two
or three particulars. The amount of duties from
customs in Great Britain in 1839 was .£22,962,610—
equal to $110,220,528. Of these, there was collected
on articles produced in the United States, and ex-
ported to Great Britain, $26,849,477—nearly one-
fourth of the whole revenue from customs. The
whole revenue from customs in the United States in
that year was less than eighteen millions. Kay,
Great Britain levies on two articles of our exports—
viz: cotton and tobacco—an amount of duty greater
than we collect on all articles imported from foreign
countries.
Thus the receipts from customs in the United
States in the years 1838, 1839, and 1840 was
$52,796,227. On cotton and tolmcco, Great Britain
levied during those years $73,638,828. And yet
cotton is subject to a low duty, because indispensa-
ble to her manufactures.
I have before me a table containing a list of forty-
seven articles, which we do or could export to
Great Britain if the course of trade were equal, on
which the average rate of duty is 289 per cent.
On thirty-three of these articles she makes a dis-
crimination in favor of her own colonies against us
of 102 per cent.
If we omit cotton, on which a regard to her own
interest makes her impose a low duty, the average
duty on these articles would be 330 per cent.
Whatever motives may exist, then, for the reduc-
tion of our tariff of duties, none certainly is found
in the liberality ofGreat Britain-towards us. Look-
ing, therefore, to this question as an American citi-
zen, I do not feel at liberty, in the actual condition
of the country, to disturb the existing system of
revenue by the adoption of a measure so fleeting
and transient as any bill would be which could be-
come a law at the present session of Congress. It
could at most endure only until the next should as-
semble. This is also my judgment as a southern
man, my verdict as a southern planter. So far as
that interest is affected I have as a deep a stake as
any man can have, for whatever of productive prop-
erty I possess is employed in southern agriculture;
and while no man has more, or more imperative
claims upon him than I have, this is the source of
their supply.
Sir, it is precisely because I am a southern man,
with southern feelings and southern interests, be-
cause nothing which affects that people can be for-
eign from my heart—and because, in answer to this
appeal to our interest, I feel that when the pocket
nerve of the southern planter is touched, mine is as
liable to vibration as that of another—that I have
addressed you on this occasion. 1 know how
little influence my judgment on this question will
have, or can claim to have, with the great body
of Qiy countrymen. Vulznt valere quantum potest.
I desire to bear to them this testimony of thy
