CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31#
fered with by legislative action, then that chamber
resounded with loud and impassioned appeals
against such policy; but when the declination—it
might be termed the total ruin—of the American fur
trade in Oregon, brought on by the unjust occupa-
tion and encroachments of the British was described
by the honorable senator from Mississippi, not one
woid was heard from those eloquent and patriotic
gentlemen on behalf of their suffering fellow-citi-
zens.
Mr. H. returned to the real question. It was
conceded by all that the title was ours. Gentle-
men opposed to the resolution did not deny it. Then
the question narrowed itself down. The title being
ours indisputably, we having at the period no use
for that portion of country, ceded a joint use or oc-
cupation in it to Great Britain, reserving to ourselves
the right, on giving a certain notice, to annul such
agreement. This is the whole case; and who will
affirm that giving such notice is a belligerent action
on our part, or that it is informal or unkind? Who
will say even that it is uncalled for, when the voice
of the people of the mighty West demands the occu-
pation of that land by its true and proper owners?
True and proper owners, fully as much as we are of
any other portion of the American Republic. Those
who advocate negotiation have not, perhaps, consid-
ered that Great Britain can lose nothing- by delay.
They should recollect that; and they should recollect
further, that hesitation on our part will be taken to
imply a self-doubt of our title, or of our ability to
maintain it.
Notwithstanding the force of the argument of the
gentleman from Massachusetts to the contrary, it
was established that England was determined to
hold and protect what she had, and further proof of
that determination was not needed than her own act
of Parliament, from which the senator from
Missouri read an extract yesterday, showing
her enacting laws, civil and criminal, to ex-
tend over the wh«le country. She advances,
while we hesitate to move. Our increasing
emigration to the territory demanded immediate
measures on the part of government. Our people
asked, and should obtain, protection and sceurity.
Along the extent of the valley of the Columbia
would rise their villages; on its banks would border
their farms; over its hills and through its vales would
browse their flocks and herds; daily would their
wealth and prosperity increase; and for what? Why,
in the event of not bringing the question to an issue,
and of England persisting in her claims, to add to
the overgorged and ill-gotten capital of Great Brit-
ain, at the sacrifice of the lives and property of
American citizens. Delay action longer, and when
forced to it hereafter, the first victims will be those
noble and gallant souls who have pioneered the way.
The honorable senator from Massachusetts
dwelt long on—not the wish, but—the almost de-
termination of England to preserve peace and
amity within the Territory of Oregon; and still more
strongly did he dwell on the happiness and peace
enjoyed by American citizens now residing there.
But he would scarcely have done so had lie been in
his place to see the petition presented to the Senate,
complaining of the grievances to whicli they weie
subject, and signed by many whom the honorable
senator from Missouri vouched for as citizens of
well known worth and probity. To give a different
(and, he believed, a far more correct) view of the case,
he would read from a Montreal paper an article
which went far to disprove the accuracy of the hon-
orable senator's assertions of the peaceable and
friendly, intentions of England. Mr. H. here read
an extract which, after alluding to the feeling at
Washington on this question, went on to say that
"they (ihe British) would make a smull meal of the
troops of the free and enlightened," and further gave
the saying of an old Indian, pointing to a party of
bold adventurers from America, making their way
up the Columbia river, that "tlie crows would soon
pick their eyes out." True, they died, no one knew
how—no one knew where. This bloody and atro-
cious prophecy was fulfilled. This, from a British
paper, he placed beside the assertion of the honora-
ble senator from Masssachusetts; and he asked
which was to be taken tor truth. X-Ie stated with
authority, that already moie than four or live hun-
dred of those noble and gallant spirits have thus
perished ignominiously, many of them the personal
friends and associates of the honorable senator from
Missouri. And he asked, would the government,
would the Senate, respond to such appeals as facts
like these carried with them, by retiring downcast,
and with timid steps, lest they might give offence to
haughty England? Forbid it—forbid it, every prin-
ciple dear to an American heart.
He had read in some of the leading journals, (and
supposed it legitimate and proper to advert to it,)
deep denunciations against emigration to Oregon:
the groundwork for those denunciations, he feared,
was to be found in a speech delivered some twelve
months back by the honorable senator from South
Carolina. Throughout life he never entertained a
feeling for that gentleman, except of profound
respect and unfeigned admiration", and deeply did
he regret being compelled'to allude in any but laud-
atory terms to anything that ever fell from him.
He could not follow that honorable senator in pre-
cise words; but the substance of his speech
went to characterize those seeking a home m the
Oregon, as wanton adventurers, whose movements
were injurious to the best interests of the country.
He asked was it true that they were actuated
by no motive but those described by the senator
from South Carolina' Had they no object but those
of plunderers and marauders? If so, the gov-
ernment was criminal in not staying their progress.
But they merited no such character. He spoke
from knowledge. He knew many of them; and
he knew them not to be wanton adventurers, but
men whose feelings came warmly from the heart,
without disguise; men who knew not what it was
even to conceive a wrong, and whose energies and
impulses went to add to the growing grandeur of
their beloved country. The spirit that actuated
them was not that of wanton adventure, but a spirit
that, as Americans, we might well feel proud of; it
was a spirit that would, ere long, display our glo-
rious flag from the heads of a thousand masts in the
river Columbia.
It would ill become us to check the spirit of ad-
venture; to it we owe our existence as a nation, the
same spirit which led our emigrants to Ore-
gon, led to the discovery of our continent; it brought
the brave Smith and his comrades to our shores;
and had it not been for such spirit, our pilgrim
fathers would never have sought a home 011 the in-
hospitable shores of the North, or the Huguenot a
refuge from persecution in the savannahs of the
South. It was this spirit which gave to our country
the brightest jewel in her diadem—the great and
mighty West—a portion of our country forty years
ago a wilderness, now represented in this chamber
by twenty senators, and in the other branch of
Congress by one hundred representatives.1
The honorable senator from Massachusetts tell us
that England has 110 wish to hold Oregon for agri-
cultural purposes; her whole object is to enable her
companies to carry 011 successfully the fur trade; and
as soon as the musk rats become scarce from oyer
' hunting, why, she will give all to us, and drive
her hunters farther north into the territory of the
Russians, there to occupy new ground for their
avocations. But on what authority has he made this
assertion, or on what grounds has he assumed such
to be the fact? England did not require the tops of
the mountains of Maine for agricultural purposes, yet
she was willing to go to war for them. England did
not require the rock of Gibraltar as a garden tor
agricultural produce, yet she went to war for it.
She did not hold the island of Malta, with a soil not
ten inches deep, to use for agricultural produce; yet
sooner than give up possession of it, she occasioned
the continuance of a war which embroiled all Europe.
It was not for the advancement of agriculture that
she deluged the plains of Afghanistan, and the roads
leading to it, for hundreds of miles, with blood. No;
it was for the power that possession gives; and it is
for the power which possession of the Oregon gives
over the north and south Pacific, that she now seeks
to retain her hold. To show thestiange discrepancy
between the views of the honorable senator from
Massachusetts, and the views entertained in Eng-
land Mr. Hannegan read an extract from the
London Morning Chronicle, which he supposed was
entitled, 011 tliis question, to as much weight as if it
appeared 111 the Globe or Intelligencer. The extract
went to show the high value set 011 the territory,
and described the advantages that might be, in a
few years, derived from the establishment of a har-
bor at the mouth of the Oregon, which, considering
the position of China, was now absolutely essential;
but which, owing to an opportunity thrown away
when a settlement was easy of accomplishment,
could now only be effected by the sword.
The senator from Massachusetts advocates a
delay of six months; but what have we to gam by
delay? or what have we to dread from immediate
action, more than from future action? No, the peo-
ple will brook no longer delay; • it can be productive
of no good, but may be of much eyil. Give six
months for deliberation, and six months more
will be sought for, until at last England fasteps
in her possession, and defies removal. Is it to be
hoped that England will, by delay, give up her pre-
tended claim? No: history tells us to the contrary.
For the last eight centuries, since the days of Wil-
liam the Norman, she has held on, except ejected
by force, wherever she obtained a foothold. Never,
from that day, has she paused in carrying conquest
and dominion; and never, from that day, nave Eng-
lishmen been taught to believe otherwise than "to
the uttermost part of the earth is our inheritance."
It is their maxim and belief, and is stamped as truth
in every Englishman's bosom. This grasping spirit
has carried her on, until the ancient monarchies of
Europe have been reduced, and there is left but one
power on earth who dare fearlessly confront her.
Talk of negotiation! England has gained as much
dominion by her deep-laid diplomacy, as by force of
arms. She owes as much to Walpole, Pitt, Castle-
reagh, &c., as she does to Marlborough, Rodney,
Nelson, or Wellington. To judge by the past, and
his life for its fulfilment, when she lifts her foot from
where she has placed it, it will not be hj diplomacy.
We must win it if we wear it.
Whenever this question was brought up in
any shape—when, a few weeks ago, as a resolu-
tion by the senator from Ohio, and again a few
days ago on a book question—it was sure to be met
with a complaint of being out of season. There was
either a negotiation pending or about to commence,
but he could not tell what they had to negotiate
about. The title was ours; no one denied it it; was
good against the world. There were 110 conflicting
claims; what, then, were negotiators to act upon?
They talk to us of giving up a part and receiving
an equivalent for the balance. What equivalent'
Must we be compelled to part with our own against
our inclination, because England says she must
and will have it' What, he asked again, was the
proposed equivalent? Base, filthy, lucre? No, ho
would not burn his hand with a single dollar of
countless millions obtained in such a way; it would
bum—it would disgrace him below the level of man.
We want no equivalent. We want 110 exchange.
Shall a man absent from his dwelling, find, on his
return, a stranger standing in the door way, and re-
fusing him admittance? Shall he desert his wife and
children, and say, 1 will go hence, and return in- a
few days, when perhaps this stranger will permit
me to enter peaceably? And shall we delay to asseit
our rights in the eye of God and man, because a
mighty and haughty nation dares to cast on
us'a threatening glance; or, like our ancestors,
boldly and at once assert those rights, and leave
our cause to God? The honorable senator, 111 the
course of his remarks on yesterday, asserted that
those who advocated a war under those circum-
stances were fitter for hell than earth.
Mr. CHOATE explained. What he said was,
that those who would advocate a war 111 preference
to a treaty that would give us all our rights, and all
we sought for, weie fitter for hell than earth.
Mr. HANNEGAN did not wish to misrepresent
the gentleman; he quoted as he understood it; but
if those advocating the sentiment that war, with all
its horrors, was preferable to being forced to sell one
foot of our territory against our inclination, were
fitter for hell than earth, he was one of them. He
gave utterance to it. And if war must come, let it
come; it will not find us unprepared. Great Britain
sees and appreciates the advantages she derives from
possession. She looks with an eye of desire on the
fertile valleys and mountains of the Oregon; she al-
ready pictures to herself an increase of wealth from_
the erection of a great commercial city 011 one of
the most favored sites in the woild. JNor is she
bhml to the advantages which it offers in a military-
point of view, nor to the benefits and facilities which
it will afford 111 her trade to India and China; but
above all, looks she to the power and influence ltgives
her over the numerous Indian tribes congregated
round 111 every direction. In selecting places for the
removal of our Indian tribes, he always thought it
was the policy of our government to place them out
of the reach or influence of foreign powers, but
more especially Great Britain; and he would now
say to the senator from Massachusetts, and to those
gentlemen who sat approvingly, and with smiling
countenances, listening to him dealing out his irony
on yesterday, that this proximity will not answer.
Who can tell the fearful consequences that may en-
sue from the artful stirring up of those Indians by
