March, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
iSSl
Rkode Island Memorial—Mr. Stetson.
tt. of Reps.
were derived in the colonies—the first general or national
government.
The Congress thus a^embled exercised, de facto and di
jure, a soveieign authority , not as the delegated agents of
the government de Judo of the colonies, but in virtue of oii-
ginal powers derh ed from the people.— Story\ Com. on the
Constitution, vol 1, ?'• 1^3 and 1S6.
The States of Michigan and Arkansas were ad-
mitted into the Union upon the principle asserted
by these authorities, thus furnishing a practical rec-
ognition of their validity from the date of the dec-
laration of independence to the present time.
My next and last object will be to show the right
of a majority of a community to establish a constitu-
tion of government. This proposition has been
much mystified as a principal point m the controver-
sy; and to disprove its correctness, the rights of men
in a state of nature, and the rights of men ax a com-
munity, have been confounded as being the same;
and in this lies? the whole error.
Men may be regarded in three situations: first, in
a state of nature; second, as a community or social
compact; third, as a political compact or govern-
ment. In a state of nature each man is sui pans,
master of himself and no body else; and in this state
perhaps one man would have as good a right to control
two, as two would have to control one; and therefore,
whilst in this state, the consent of each and all, one
with another, becomes necessary to the formation of
a community or civil society, which is the first step
towards the formation of civil government. In other
words, civil society is a necessary intermediate step
between a state of nature and a state of civil govern-
ment. Hence it follows that the contract, by which
men pass from a state of nature to a state of civil
society is one thing; and the contract, so to speak,
by which they pass from a state of civil society to
a state of civil government is another.
The dissolution of civil government, therefore, is
not the dissolution of civil society; and this was the
case in Rhode Island: the government might have
been dissolved, and yet the society would exist. It
remains to inquire now whether all, and if not, what
number of a conwmnity, is necessary to establish civil
government.
Let it be premised that a community, m the sense
named, is both a unit and sovereignty. These posi-
tions stated, it follows that, if it moves at all, it must
be in the direction of the greatest number; if it acts, it
must be by the ivrfl of the majority. And it is on
this principle, that where the governing power of
legislative assemblies is not fixed by the organic
law, the act of the majority is taken for the act of the
whole, as having, by the law of nature and reason,
the power of the whole. Hence the majority of a
community may change or abolish their constitu-
tion of government at their pleasure; and jt is on
this ground that the "people's constitution" of
Rhode Island was rightfully established, and ac-
quired a binding force. Were it otherwise, the idea
of free government would be a mere delusion—daz-
zling in theory, but barren in practice. This view of
the subject is abundantly fortified by the highest
authorities both in Europe and America.
Mr. Locke, in lus treatise on civil government,
(page 271,) says:
TJ the consent of the majni ily shall not, m reason, be re-
ceived as the act oj the wholt % ;md include evay indaidnal,
nothing but the consent of e\ or\ individual can make any-
thing to he the act of the whole, but such consent is next to
impossible ever to be had, Sec.
Mr. Madison, m advocating the adoption of the
constitution of the United States, says:
Jt is essential to such a government (that is, republican)
that it be derived from the great bod) of the society, not trom
an inconsiderable proportion or a lavored class of it; other-
wise, a handful of tj ranmcal nobles, exercising their oppres-
sions by a delegation of their power, misfit aspire to the
rank ol repubheons, and claim for their government the
honorable title of republic.—Federalist, No Jc), p.
Chief Justice Marshall, of the Supreme Court of
the United States, says:
It has been said that the people had already surrendered
all their powers to the State sovereignties, and had nothing
more to gnu. But suxclj the question, whether tho may
resume and modify the powers granted to government, does
not remain to be* settled m this country — Wheat on* s, Re-
ports, vol. 4,p. 40o.
Mr. Wilson says:
The truth is, that m our government, the supreme, abso-
lute, and uncontrollable powei remains m the people. As
our constitution? are superior to our legislatures, so tiie
people are superior to our constitutions. Indeed, tho supe-
riority in this last instance is much greater, for the people
possess, over our constitutions, control in act aa well as
right.—Works. 3 vol. p. 29*2.
Again he says:
Of the right of a majority of the whole people to change
their government atv.Ul, there is no doubt.—1 Wilson, 415.
Again he says:
The revolution jmnrtjile— that sovereign power residing
in the people, they mjj change their < onst>fu(ion and gov-
ernment whenever they please— is not a principle of discoid,
rancor, or war; it is a principle of melioration, contentment,
and peace.— Wilson, vol. 1, p. 21.
Justice Patterson, of the Supreme Court of the
United States, says:
The constitution is tho work of the people themselves, in
their original, sovereign, and unlimited capacitv,
A constitution is the form of government delineated by
the might} hand of the people, is paramount to the will of
the legislature, and is liable only to be revoked or .Jteied
b) those who made it —■> Dallas Rep p. 304.
Vattell says:
"The best constitution which can be framed.with the most
anxious deliberation that can be bestowed upon it. may, m
practice, be found impeilert and inadequate to the true in-
terests of society. Alterations and amendments then be-
come desiral le. The people retain, the people cannot per-
haps divest themselves of, the power to make such altera-
tions. A moral power equal io, and of the same nature with
that which made, alone can destroy. The laws of one legis-
lature ma\ be repealed by another legislature, and the pow -
er to repeal them cannot be withheld bj the power that en-
acted them So the people ma; on the same principle, at
any time.alter or abolish the constitution they have formed
Arid this has been frequonth ami peaceabh done by sev-
eral of those States Mure 177fi If a particular mode "of ef-
fecting such alterations has been agreed upon, it is most
convenient to adhere to it; but it is not exclusively bind-
ing.—Rowlf on tin Constitution, p 17.
Justice Story, of tho Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted State*?, says, in his Commentaries on the Con-
stitution:
The declaration (of independence) puts the doctrine on
tho t) tic zioitnd—that a,o\ einmeut derive their pow ers from
the consent cfi the governed. And the people have a right
to alter it, &.C.—Pane 300, wl. 1.
The same judge also says:
The understanding is general, if not universal, that, hav-
ing been adopted by a majority of the people, the constitu-
t ion of the State hinds* the \\ hole communit} p/oprio i izo> e:
and is unalterable, unless by the consent of a majoriu of
the people, or at least hj* the qualified voters of the Slate,
mthe manner prescribed by the contitution, or otherwise
pro\ idod by the majority.
And this, according to Mr Locke, is the true sense of ibe
original compact, by which every mdhidual has suricu-
dered to the majority of the society, the right permanently
to control and direct the operations of'the government
therein.— bto, y\ Comnu ntmr,.l 1 ,p G
But, sir, to crown all, I find the same doctrine
expressly recognised m the constitution of Virginia,
a State eminently distinguished m the annals of
civil liberty. Yes, sir, it is recognised in these em-
phatic words, being a part of the 3d article of the bill
of rights*
That government is or ought to be instituted lor th" com-
mon benefit, protection, and security of the ] eople, nation,
or community. And that, when any government shall bo
found inadequate or contrary to these purposes, a majority
of the community hath an indubitable, unalienable, and in-
defeasible right to reform, alter, or abolish m such manner
as shall be judged most conducive to the public w eal.
This, sir clinches the spike, and leaves no room
for escape as regards the right of a majority, wheth-
er with or without the consent of government, to alter
or abolish the constitution of government.
But, sir, since party politics have been drawn into
this question, how, let me mqune, do the two par-
tics of this country stand m relation to itf
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. C vj.lb B. Smi'i h]
lias labored to connect Mr. Van Buren and the
democratic party with the efforts of the majority in
Rhode Island, to establish what is called "the peo-
ple's constitution.'1 Be it so. The democracy of
the country are in favor of the rights of man; they
have felt for the sufferings and abasement of their
brethren under the tyrannous rule of a miserable
oligarchy. They have seen them submit to evils
as long as evils were sulferable; and finally, when
they struck for liberty, (by peaceful means to be
S sure,) they watched the isr>ue with painful anxiety,
rejoicing at their succcss, and mourning over thcirrc-
verscs. And now, since they have fallen martyis
to their noble cause, they neither fear nor hesitate
to vindicate their aims, or to defend them against
assault. Where do the lohigs stand? The following
preamble and resolution recently adopted by a
"Clay club" m the city of Providence, in Rhode
Island, will show:
Whereas Henry Clay took a decided stand in defence of
the pimuples ol law and order, duiing the lat<- rein ihon m
Rhodt.' Island the retore,
Rewlve/h 1 hat 111 the judgment of this meeting, the con-
duct of .Mr ( la\ upon the Rhode Island question constitutes
one of hi 3 strongest titles to the confidence and support of
Rhode Island men; that honor the man, who, regardless
of all consequences to himself, espoused the cause of legu-
lated libeity m this State, who ran-ed Ins oice to cheer us
onward 111 the hour of our utmost need, who lent the au-
thority ol his great name to the principles for which he con-
tended—principles which are destined never to perish.
We learn from this, not only where the whig par-
ty stands in relation to the Rhode Island controver-
sy, but also their views as regards the principles of
civil government. We learn that "law and order"
consists m the rufe of a minority; that "rebellion"
consists in the effort of a majority to establish free
government; that "regulated liberty" consists in the
submission of the many to the few; and that Mr.
Clay's espousal of these horrible principles, "con-
stitutes one of his strongest titles to the confidence of
Rhode Island men." A precious -confession. Tt
proves what the democrats charge, but what the
wings have denied—what they have denied in
public, but admit in private,—that old federalism and
modern whigery are one and the same; that the
wings of the present day, as the federalists of 1787,
believe that " all communities divide themselves
into the few and the many. The first are the rich and
well born, the other the mass of the peoplethat "the
people are turbulent and changing; they seldom judge or
determine right. Give, therefore to the first class a
distinct,permanent share in the government."
* * * "Nothing but a permanent
body can check the imprudence of democracy. Their
turbulent and uncontrolable disposition requires
checks."
* * "It is admitted that you
cannot have a good executive upon a democratic
plan. See the excellency of the British executive.
He is placed above temptation. He can have no
distinct interests from the public welfare. Nothing
short of such an executive can be efficient."
* * * "Let one body of the legis-
lature be constituted during good behavior or life."
* * * "Let one executive be ap-
pointed who dares execute his powers."
* * * "That an executive is less
dangerous to the liberties of the people when in of-
fice during life, than for seven years."
1. A legislature in two chambers, l(ioith power to
pass all laws whatever," subject to the veto*
2. The House to be chosen for three years.
3. The Senate to serve during good behavior.
4. The executive to serve during good behavior,
and to have a negative on all laws about to be
passed, the entire direction of war wh&r onca*
begun, the appointment of his cabinet officers, and
nomination to the Senate of other officers, and the
pardoning power.
To appoint the governor of each State, and to have a
veto on all the laws of each State.
No State to have any forces, land or naval, and
their militia to be. under the sole and exclusive direc-
tion of the United States.
These were the doctrines of the federal party, aa
expressed by Mr. Hamilton, its father and founder,
in the convention which framed the constitution of
the United States; and such are the views now ad-
vanced by the whig party, with Mr. Clay at its
head, in relation to the Rhode Island controversy.
Let it be, then, that the democrats and whigs have
taken their respective sides on this question. The
issue is formed and submitted to the grand inquest
of the country: let thorn pass upon it.
A word to the representatives from the South, and
I have done. An appeal has been made to them to
array themselves against the investigation proposed.
Their opposition is invoked on the ground that it
aims a blow at the institutions of slavery in th«
South. An artifice so shallow can hardly fail to
excite their contempt. Where does the South find
the supporters of what the constitution guaranties
to them? Among the whigs here and elsewhere,
who oppose this investigation? or among the democ-
racy, who advocate it? Among the chartists of Rhode
Island, who, at one time, denied the right of suffrage
to white men, but who now extend it to negroes? or
among their opponents, whose constitution extends
it to white men, and not to negroes? I leave it for
them to decide, and as they decide, I trust they will
vote.
SPEECH OF MR. STETSON,
OF NEW YORK,
fn the House of Representatives, March 20, 1844—In
reply to Mr. Caleb B. Smith touching the opin-
ions of Mr. Van Buren on the right of suffrage.
The House resumed the consideration of the fol-
lowing resolution, reported by Mr. Burke:
Resolved, That the select committee on the memorial of
certain members of the Rhode Island legislature have po^er
to send for persons and papers.
Mr. STETSON, having the floor for the morning
hour, spoke as follows:
Mr. Speaker; The gentleman from X$diana5 [Mt 
