31§
congressional GLOSU.
oh the other hand, that there was a desire to stop
the debate by the operation of the previous ques-
tion, if it could be donfe. He did not intend, if the
subject should be postponed, to address the House
on the subject of the 21st rule, but he" did wish to
say to his southern friends, and to the northern
democracy, if they were sincere in their professions,
that they ought to be on the alert. The whole debate
had been carried on, as the gentleman from Ohio had
said j upon technicalities laid down in Hatsel; and,
with due deference to the southern portion of the
House, a more idle debate, in his opinion, never
had been earned on. He admitted the right of
petition 
The SPEAKER remarked that the question be-
fore the House was for the postponement.
Mr. HOLMES said he was merely speaking in
reference to the postponement. He admitted the
right of petition; but that right ceased when it be-
came a crime. That was his position. Everyman
possessed the right to carry arms; but that right
ceased the very moment he presented his weapon
to the breast of his fellow-citizen.
The SPEAKER requested the gentleman to eon-
fine his remarks to the question of postponement.
Mr. HOLMES said he was averse to any further
postponement. He cared not whether the rule was
adopted or rejected; but what he desired' was, that
every man, both of the North and of the South,
should show his hand. They were as well pre-
pared to do it now as at any other period; and it
was upon such showing that their future resolves
must be taken. He wanted the question brought to
an issue. What was the question? It was nothing
more than this: Whether the advocates of aboli-
tion, like les amis des noirs of the revolution in Hayti,
were going to convert this continent into a theatre of
bloodshed. He renewed the demand for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. STEENROD moved to lay the whole sub-
ject on the table, and that there be a call of the
House. Upon this motion the yeas and nays were
ordered.
Mr. WINTHROP inquired whether, if the
House were called, they would be able to avail
themselves of that call, provided the morning hour
should in the mean time expire?
The SPEAKER remarked that the business now
before the House could only be considered as the
business of the morning hour.
Mr. STEENROD then moved a suspension of
the rules to enable the House to proceed with the
business before them, until some disposition were
made respecting it; and upon this question the yeas
and nays were ordered; and being taken, resulted as
follows—yeas 142, nays 36:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Ashe, Baker, Barringer,
Barnard, Belscr, Edward J. Black, James Black, Blackwell,
Bossier, Bower, Boyd, Brengle, .Jacob Brinkerhoft', Brod-
head, Aaron V. Brown, Milton Brown, William J. Brown,
Suflington, Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Gary, Carroll, Causm,
Clinch, Clingman, Collamor, Cranston, Cross, Cullom, Da-
na, Daniel, Garrett Davis, Dean, Deberry, Dellet, Dickey,
Dunlap, Elmer, Fish, Florence, Foot, Foster, French, Gid-
dings, W. Green, B. Green, Grinnell, Grider, Hale, Haralson,
Hardin, Harper, Hays, Henlay, Hubard, Hubbell, Hudson,
Hungerford, Washington Hunt, James B. Hunt, Jrvin,
Jenks, Ferley B. Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George "W".
Jones, Andrew Kennedy, Daniel P. King, Labranche, Lucas,
Lumpkin, McCauslen, McClelland, McClernand, McCon-
nell, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Mathews, Joseph Morris, Morse,
Moseley, Murphy, Newton, Norris, Owen, Patterson,
Payne, Peyton, Elisha R. Potter, Emery D. Potter, Pratt,
Preston, Purdy, Ramsey, Rathbun, Rayner, C. M. Reed,
Reding. Relfe, Hitter, Robinson, Roctwell, Rogers, St.
John, Sample, Saunders, Schenck, Scnter, Severance,
Thomas II, Seymour, David L. Seymour, Simpson, Slidell,
Albert Smith. Caleb B. Smith, Steenrod, Stephens, Stetson,
Andrew Stewart, John Stew art, Stiles, Stone, Strong. Sum-
mers. Taylor, Tibbatts, Tilden, Tyler, Vanmeter, Vinton,
Weller, Wethercd, Wheaton, White, Wmthrop, Wood-
ward. Joseph A. Wright, and Yost—142.
NAYS—Atkinson, Belser, Bidlaek, Campbell,
Reuben Chapman, Augustus A Chapman, Cobb, Coles,
Richard D. Davis, John W 'Davis, Dillingham, Prom-
goole, Farlee, Hamlin, ilammett, Herrick, Holmes, Hosjc,
Hopkm,s Houston, Joseph R. Ingeisoll. Cave Johnson,'
Preston King. Kirkpatrick, Dovirt S Reid, Russell, Simons,
John T. Smith. Thomas Smith, Sykes, Thomasson, Thomp-
son, Tucker, Vance, Wentuonh* and Williams—ito.
The question then came up on the motion for a
call of the House; and this question being put, was
decided m the affimative.
The roll having been called through, it appeared
that 188 members answered to their names; and
The absentees, beingnext called, there appeared to
be 190 members present.
The officers of the House were then directed to
close the doors of the hall; and the absentees were
again called for the purpose of hearing excuses.
Joseph H. Anderson being called,
Mr. RATHBUN offered, as an excuse for him,
that he had been called home in consequence of in-
disposition in his family. Excused.
Archibald H. Arrington being called,
Mr. SAUNDERS offered for nim the same ex-
cuse; and he was also excused.
[A message was here received from the President,
by Mr. John Tyler, jr., his private secretary.
Mr. HOLMES moved that it be now read, ob-
serving that he understood it to be of an important
• character, but, on learning that his motion could not
be received at this stage of the proceedings of the
House, Mr. H. withdrew it.]
Mr. DAVIS moved that all further proceedings
under the call be dispensed with. Negatived.
Jeremiah Brown was called.
Samuel Chilton was called; when
Mr. SUMMERS offered, as an excuse for him,
that he was called home by necessary business.
Excused.
Duncan L. Clinch was called; when
Mr. STEPHENS offered, as an excuse for him,
that he had left the House this morning to attend to
some neccssary business at one of the executive
departments. Not excused.
John B. Dawson was called.
Mr. SLIDELL stated that he was detained at his
lodging by indisposition though not of a serious
nature. He had been in the House the day before
yesterday. Excused.
Stephen A. Douglass of Illinois was called.
Mr. WENTWORTH offered as an excuse for
him, that he was detained at his lodgings by indis-
position. Excused.
Mr. Frick was excused on account of sickness,
on the motion of Mr. IRVIN.
Mr. Charles J. Ingersoll was also excused for
the same reason, on the motion of Mr. JOSEPH R.
INGERSOLL.
Mr. J. P. Kennedy was next called.
Mr. WETHERED moved that he be excused on
account of sickness.
Mr. CAMPBELL observed that the gentleman
from Maryland had been m the House this morning.
Mr. WINTHROP said, on behalf of Mr. Ken-
nedy, that he left his house, for the first time for
many months, to attend Congress; and perhaps a
change of air had rendered him unable to attend.
[Cries of "oh! that won't do.'5]
The SPEAKER put the question, and the gentle-
man was not excused.
[When the doors were thrown open, at a later hour
of the day, the gentleman walked into the House,
with some others who had been excused on account
of sickness.]
Mr. McKay, chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, was excused, he being in his
committee room, engaged in his important duties.
Mr. Maclay was excused, he being necessarily
absent, under peculiar circumstances, as explained
by Mr. MURPHY. 1
Mr. Moore was excused on account of sickness,
which was well known to have been very severe
during a great part of the session.
Mr. Leonard was next called.
Mr RATHBUN moved that he be excused. He
said Mr. Leonard left this city a week ago, and was
expected back by the XI o'clock train this morning.
JCries of "Why, that's no excuse!"]
The House refused to excuse him.
Mr. E. J. Morris the House also refused to ex-
cuse.
Mr. Pikenix, who has been long very sick, was
excused on the motion and explanation of Mr.
Pish.
Mr. A. H. Read was excused on account of sick-
ness, on the motion of Mr. BIDLACK.
Mr. Rodnev, Mr. Robert Smith, and Mr. Jere-
miah Brown, were also excused.
Mr. E. ,T. BLACK said there seemed to be a full
attendance of the House; and therefore he moved all
further proceedings uuder the call be dispensed with.
Mr. R. D. DAVIS said he should like to know
how many were absent.
The Clerk read the names of the gentlemen whom
the House had refused to excuse as follows:
Duncan L. Clinch, D. W. Dickinson, Jno. P.
Kennedy, Moses G. Leonard, Jcs. J. McDow-
ell, E. J. Morris, and Henry Nes.
The SPEAKER put the question on suspending
all further proceedings; and it was decided in the af-
fnmative by a majority of 84 to 78.
The doors were then thrown open; and Mr. Daw-
son, Mr. J. P. Kennedy, and some others, entered
and took their seats.
The SPEAKER then put the question on the
motion of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Steen-
rod,] to lay the whole subject on the table; on
which the yeas and nays were called and ordered.
Mr. HOLMES inquired if he understood that, by
laying the subject on the table, it would hinder any
man from showing his hand. [Laughter.]
The yeas and nays were then taken, and resulted
thus—yeas 82, nays 112:
YEAS—Messrs. Atkinson, Belser, Bidlack, James Black,
James A. Black, Blackwell, Bossier, Bower, Bowlin, Boyd|
Jacob Brinkerhofl", Aaron V. Brown, Milton Brown'
William J. Brown, Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Campbell, Reu-
ben Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman, Chappell, Clinton,
Cobb, Coles, Cross, Cullom, Daniel, Dawson, Dean, Del-
let, Duncan, Ficklm, French, Grider, Hammett, Haralson,
Henley, Hoge, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hughes, Jame-
son, Cave Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones,
Preston King, Labranche, Lewis, Lucas, Lumpkin, McCler-
nand, MeConriell, McKay, Mathews, Murphy, Norris,
Owen, Payne, Pratt, David S. Reid, Reding, lielfe, Rhett,
Russell, St. John, Saunders, Simpson, Slidell, Steenrod,
Stephens, Stiles, Stone, Strong, Taylor, Tliomasson,
Thompson, Tibbatts, Tucker, Weller, Wentworth, and
Woodward—82.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Ashe, Baker, Barringer,
Barnard, Eeardsley, Benton, Edward J. Black, Brengle,
Brodhead, Bufiington, Cary, Carroll, Catlin, Causin, Cling-
man, Collamer, Cranston, Dana, Garrett Davis, Richard D.
Davis, Deberry, Dickey, Dillingham, Dromgoole, Dunlap,
Ellis, Elmer, Farlee, Fish, Florence, Foot, Foster, Gid-
dings, Willis Green, Byram Green, Gruanell, Hale, Hamlin,
Hardin, Harper, Hays, Hcrrick, Holmes, Hubbell, Hudson,
Hungerford, Washington Hunt, James B. Hunt, Joseph It.
Ingersoll, Irvin, Jenks, P. B. Johnson, Andrew Kennedy,
John P. Kennedy, Daniel P. King, Kirkpatrick, Lyon, Mc-
Causlen, McClelland, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Joseph Morris,
Morse, Moseley, Newton, Parmentcr, Patterson, Peyton,-
Elisha R. Potter, Emery D.Potter, Preston, Purdy, Ramsey
Kathbun, Rayner, Charles M. Reed, Ritter, Robinson,
Rockwell, Rogers, Sample, Schenck, Senter, Severance,
Thomas H. Seymour, David L. Seymour, Simons, .Albert
Smith, John T. Smith. Thomas Smith, Caleb B. Smith,
Stetson, Andrew Stewart, John Stewart, Summers, Sykes,
Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Vanmeter, Vinton, Wetheied, Whea-
ton, White, Williams, Wintllrop, William Wrio-ht Jos A
Wright, and Yost—112.
So the motion to lay on the table was negatived,
Mr. BLACK inquired if it was in order to move
to amend the report of the committee.
Mr. C. JOHNSON requested the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schenck] to withdraw his demand for
the previous question, to enable him to offer an
amendment to the amendment now pending, by sub-
stituting the following: that the rules of the last
Congress shall be adopted by this House, except
the 21st, and that all petitions m relation to the abo-
tion of slavery in the District of Columbia and the
Ten-itories, shall be received and laid upon the table
without debate.
Mr. SCHENCK said he could not think for a
moment of withdrawing his demand for the previous
question for the purpose of admitting any such
amendment as that proposed by the gentleman from
Tennessee.
Mr. LEWIS said he desired to speak upon that
proposition.
Mr. COBB inquired what would be the effect of
sustaining the previous question.
The SPEAKER replied that the effect would be,
to bring the House to a vote, first upon the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Virginia and
then upon the acoption of the report.
_ Upon seconding the demand for the previous ques-
tion, tellers were demanded and ordered, and Messrs.
Haralson and Grinnell were appointed; and hav-
ing counted the votes, they reported 69 in the affirm-
ative and 90 in the negative. So the demand for
the previous question was not seconded.
The question recurring on the motion to postpone
the further consideration of the subject until Tues-
day next—
Mr. HUNT demanded the yeas and navs; which
were ordered. '
Mr. WHITE rose to a point of order. The
riouse had, by a solemn vote, suspended the rules
loi the purpose of proceeding to determine this
question; and now it was proposed, by the vote of
a bare majority, to postpone its consideration.
He desired to know whether, in the opinion of the
Chair, a bare majority was sufficient to postpone a
suuject winch two-thirds had determined should be
considered?
Lei ng answered in the affirmative,
Mr. WHITE observed that he would not take an
appeal from the decision of the Chair, for he knew
very well it would be sustained; but he could as-
sure the Speaker tnat he would find no precedent
ior such a decision.
The SPEAKER said he would promise the gen-
tleman to produce an authority for \m decision,
