March, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Rhode Island Memorial—Mr. Stetson*
H. of Reps.
is, in sober truth, the question under discussion; and^it
would seem to him, to be only necessary that it should be
fairly stated, and correctly understood, to secure its rejec-
ti0This was the grievance under which so great a portion of
the people of this State had hitherto labored. _
It was to relieve thcmjrom this injustice, and this oppres-
sion, that the convention had bvm tailed; and it was, and al-
ways had been, a matter of astonishment to him, that a ret-
ormation in this particular had been so long delaj ed.—•
Page 257 Debates■
These, sir, were the views of Mr. Van Buren;
and, though I admit they do not go to the full ex-
teat of universal suffrage, yet they are quite upon the
verge of it, and were m unison with the progress of
opinion on this question at that day.
It must be remembered, sir, that any constitution
which that convention would mature, would not ne-
cessarily be the constitution of the State, for it was
still to be left to the people to say whether or not
they would adopt it; and it was the imperative duty
of Mr. Vail Buren, in that convention, to act with
great discretion on the question, and not jeopard all
amendment and reform by asking too much. What
he sought to do, and what he effected, was to meet
precisely the general demands of popular sentiment
—a liberal enlargement of the right of suffrage.
What his views were at a later period has also
been given under his own hand. I allude to his let-
ter in reply to a committee of mechanics in Rhode
Island, in 1833. It is as follows, (it was read at
the Clerk's desk:)
In acting upon this subject, mv own counc had never
been influenced by any apprehension that it w ould be dan-
gerous to the rights of pjopeny to extend the right oi \o-
tiiiff to those who v ere without piopeit}. Oui experience
has, I think, fully demonstrated that, m a community like,
that which composes a gieat majority of every State m our
confederacy, there is no reason for alarm in tins respect
At an early period of my public lile, 1 was not entirely
free lrom apprehension of the influence of wealth upon so
extended a suffrage as that which U now possessed in New
Yoik. Upon this head, however, we are now able to speak
from full and satisfactory experience; and it has given me
the highest gratification to be convinced that m> tears were
without adequate foundation Nunieious opportunities to
test the firmness of our citr/ens, and their ability to resist
the seductions of wealth, have been lurnished within tie
last twelve \ eais; and although &om« local <md tempo roiv
advantages * maj Ime been occasionally gamed tin ough
such means, the geneial mromiptibihty ol oui citizens has
been triumphant^ established. Norhd\oI any doubt that
such will lon£$ continue to be the hisloi} of oui people, lot
although a great divpont\ m their condition ma> natuialh
be expected from an mciease of population and other caus-
es, set, on the othei bond, it ma) be hoped that the ine<tnt>
of education, and of moral impiou-nivnt, an ill be pmpoition-
ally increased; and that under their influence, the spirit ol
independence and intelligent patriotism, which now pie-
vails among all classes will be cherished and exhibited bj
every succeeding geneiation.
Sir, if the gentleman from Indiana, and his po-
litical friends, will believe none but whig authority,
I will furnish them with that, however unnecessary
such may be in my own State.
On the 3d day of February, 1832, the honorable
N. P. Tallmadge, now a senator in the opposition
from New York, in a public speech, spoke of Mr.
Van Buren as follows:
After the. close of the war, an.) when peace was once
more restored to our distracted countij, you at length see
him in the convention to ievjj>e the constitution. Here ne
w as again sunounded bj- the collected v. isdom and talent
of the State—a constellation ol genius, in which none ap-
peared more brilliant than himsell it \wsthai m.
CONTENDED AGAINST Tflh AK1S10C.RAH OF "IHK LOP I>" FA"
VOROVTHKPKOPLE, in the extension oj the r>s:hl nt wj/taze.
Here it was that, with othei s of the demociatic school, lie
prevailed over those who were unwilling to intrust rnoic
power to the people, and happily established the pnnciple
that, m a government like ouis, the people are capable oi
governing themselves.
negro suffrage.
But the honorable gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Smith] asserts that Mr. Van Buren, in that conven-
tion, was in favor, at first, of admitting all Iree blacks
to a right of suffrage; but failing in that, reluctant-
ly acquicseed in the restriction of a freehold qualifi-
cation of the value of $250 on colored voters.
Mr. Caleb B. Smith. What I said was, that
Mr Van Buren at first voted to strike out the word
ivhUe, so that all colored persons could vote; and
afterwards voted to admit them to the right with the
restriction of a freehold estate worth $250.
Mr. Stetson. I thank the gentleman for intei-
ruptina; me, to make the admission; for though I dis-
tinctly so understood him when he was addiessmg
the House, yet he was not reported quite to that
effect in the Intelligencer. . .
1 know, sir, that a distinguished Virgmian—-oiie
who has occupied the extremes of position with the
present head of this government; who, at first, en-
ioyed the confidence of his bed-chamber, which af-
terwards he not only violated, but also sought to im-
peortt him before this Houae. has put—in conmnc-
tion with eleven others, so as to give it the appear-
ance of a finding by twelve jurors—his name to a
manifesto, which conveys by implication the same
charge as the one now directly made by the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Smith.] But they are all
in error, as I will now proceed to show.
It is true Mr. Van Buren voted to strike out the
word "tofci/e" from the report of the committee on
suffrage, to which t have referred; and it is true,
also, that if that vote had been given on^ the final
adoption of the report, he would be justly ob-
noxious to the charge of desiring to put whites and
blacks on a footing of equality with respect to suf-
frage. But the vote given to strike out was not up-
on thu adoption of the report; and I appeal to any
one familiar with the proceedings of legislative bo-
dies to say, whether that vote, at that time, imported
anything more than this: that Mr. Van Buren was
opposed to the utter disfranchisement of all blacks,
and desired to have that point open for amend-
ment? Why, sir, if any gentleman who has heard
me will take the trouble to read the 7th and 10th
sections of the old constitution of'Ncw York, which
I have quoted, he will see th;it underjt Iree blacks
had always been admitted to vote in New York un-
der the same restrictions as whites, and no other;
and I am free to admit that Mi. Van Buren was not
in favor of the utter disfranchisement ol a class
whose right to vote was recognised and established^
in the year 1777, when the mood of the patriots of
the revolution was flowing warm and treely in de-
fence of the great principle that representation and
taxation were inseparable.
Mr. Ca\e Johnson desired the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Stetson,] to yield the floor, to
allow him to state the fact that it was so in Ten-
nessee} the old constitution of that State authorized
every freeman of color to vote, until 1834, when it
had been altered, and they were excluded, as he be-
lieved in consequence of the abolition exeitcment
increasing at the North.
Mr. Stetson resumed: But, sir. Mi. Van Buren's
object in voting to strike out the word "white" was
subsequently in the convention fully explained by
himself. After this vote hud been given, a select
committee reported <\ provision, allowing free
ne^i oes who had a fiechold property of the value oi
$,250 fiee from incumbrance, the tight to vote,
(See debates page 329.) At a futm c day when this
was under consideration,
Mr Van Buren ^did he had iote<l against a total and un-
qualified exclusion, for ho v. ould not diau a ro\ enue from
them and yet deny to them the nqlit ol safhaqo. But this
proviso mot his approbation They were exempted iioni
taxation until thej had qualified themselves to \ote. J he
right was not denied to exclude any portion of the commu-
nity who wjll not exeicisf* the right ol suJirase in its purity.
Tins held out inducements to mdusti},and would icceive
his support. (Page 37ti )
Sir, that restriction upon negro suffrage is in the
following words:
Pioridah That 110 wale citizen othvr than white shall he
subject to dirtct taxation, or tii'itled to i-n'cutanv election,
unless, in addition to the qnalilications ol as<<; and residence
last abovt, mentioned, he shall be st-i/,ed and possessed in
his own rjifht of a Juehold estate ol the value of two bun-
died and lift's dollais, ovei and dbo\ e oil debts and incum-
brances charged the icon, and shall haw hem, within the
ytyu* next pieoeding the election, assessed, and Khali ha\o
actuall) paid a tax to the State 01 count} .
I exhibit it here in the journal of the convention,
at page 185; and on that page and the next is the di-
vision list of the yeas and nays, showing that Mr.
Van Buren voted for this restriction. And 1 will
add, too, that this restriction is identical in substance
with the provision which became a part of the new
constitution, and still remains in force in New Yoik.
15ut no man of color, unh-sc he «hall have bei-n lor thiee
years a citr/en oi tins Stale, and, for one j ear next pie-
ceiline an\ election, &halJ be seized and possessed ol a troc-
hoid estate ol the value of two hundted end lift) dollais,
ovt r and above all deht^ and incumbrances churgi d theieon,
and shall have been actual!) rated and paid a tax theieon.
shall be entitled to \ote at .such election ilnd no puson oj
color shall be suhjtU to direct luxation, unlets ho shall be wztd
and postered of <nih rent estate "v cjoreKntd (bee lastclause
oi 1st section of article 2 of new constitution—junje f 61 ol
Debates,)
It thus appears, indisputably, that the votes of
Mr. Van Buren in that convention, instead of lead-
ing to unrestricted negro suffrage, absolutely dts~
franchised all colored persons who had enjoyed the
right under the 7th article of the old constitution,
which I have read.
But, sir, if it be of surli vast importance to the pub-
lic to know what were the opinions of Mr. Van Buren
on the right of suffrage in that convention, as the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Smith] lias shown it
io be, by the irregular manner in which he n s
brought an imperfect view of them before the House,
it is equally important for the public to know what
were the opinions of the political party opposed to
Mr. Van Buren in that convention on the same
question. . , .
I have already stated that the political friends ot
the gentleman from Indiana constituted the "Jllgerine
party" in that convention; and, as that gentleman
has led the way m the use of extracts from the de-
bates, I will follow his example so far as to make
mv declaration good. .
The following is the language, of Chief Justice
Spencer, pages 218, 519:
I have said on a former occasion that the rule adopted
must'necessarily be a s^cweial mle-, but let us take care,
w hilst we nominally give the right of voting to a particular
description of our citizens, that ice do iiot renhty give it to
their ethvloneris The man whofuds, clothes: and lodges anoth-
er, has a ieal (ttid absuhttc control over his will- Say what
ice malt, the man who is dependant on another for his subsist-
ence is not an independent man, and he will vote ui suoset-
vience to his dictation Let us. then, take care, whilst we
abominate amtocrac), that we do not actually organise it
bv gis mq to the rich an undue influence, and by creating'
venal votes to be bought.
A.nd the following was uttered by Chancellor
Kent, (page 221.)
Bv the vcvort before us we propose to annihilate, at one
stroke, all tho,o piopeit\ distinctions, and to bow before the
idol of uimiwl sut)ra4e. That extreme democratic prin-
ciple, vheu apj-lied to the legislative and executne depart-
ments ol the V<>\ ei nmpnt, 1ms been regarded with tenor
bv the w "H'li of even age, hecausc in every European
lepublic, aneicnt and mo'VTn. in which it has been tried,
it has terminated disu^Ueuslx, and been productive of
coiruptiop. inii:>fico. \ iolenco, and tyranny. And dare we
flattei ouim Ives that we arc a prcuhai people, who can
l'ln the eaieel collision ex. mi'ttd fiom the pa^ions which
ha\e disturbed and oonupted the n-st ofmakind* If we are
like other races of m«'  v. ith similar follies and vices, then
1 great')' fear that our postenfy will have reason to deplore
in sackcloth and a^he; the delusion of the day.
The men of no ptoperty, tos-rther with the crowds of
dependants connected withgicat manulactuung and com-
jnt'icial establishments and the motley r'ud undehnable
population of coud.d pin is, may peihaps at some future
da!, under akiitul nnumement, predominate ill the afisem-
i>l\ ; and ) et we should be peilectlv suie 11 no laws could
pa"-s without the free consent of the owners oi the soil.
That security we at present enjoy, and it is that security
winchl^fiton-um. " " , ^ uacoivitant
tciutenc) "I brnumi socrij-aud lie lustoiy of cveij dgo
orovHv it—thou is n tendency ni the poor to covet and to
slmie the plunder ct Die rich, in the debtor to relax or
avoid tlu1 oblnmion of eoutiacts; jn ihe majority to tyran-
i/eo%ej the uiinonty and tja.mpje down tlieir rights; in
thu indolent a-1.1 Ha- prOhtcatc t«. cas,t the whole burdens of so-
oictv inioii the mdustnou'i and tlic \jituotis; ana there is a
!,,,tin; I ii. am'iilia is nnil u h l.cil me,l In inllueiv t rombmtibk
Zl r, I' ' '" ■ that work.s
id.u oa the road, t,j an lilh' hour m the milrtia, lv
enuilfrtav of right to <m «|nal paUioipaUon m th.i whole
powei of the government, is most unreasonably, and has no
foundation m justice. , , ,,n
We are il(".tin<'rt to huromeo errratmonn&cturingatwcil
a-, comiiii-iri.ll Stale. We have ahe.xh mimerous and pros-
iiorimc f.iHmnK of one kuul or another; and one mas-
er capitalist, w I'll his one h>uid>,,l apinenliua anijowneu-
"-ni-.s o.l.t depend, nts.wilibrai down at the polk
iin equal nusuboi oi L>r,oeis ol sm.ill estates in his vicinity,
uhn cannot wlel* unit-tor'.hen common delence. Largi
manufacturing and i,m ha.neul establisl.ment? can act m an
n^Uut nil the unit. .'li.t < ffiracj ol d.sciplnu-d tiflops It
is o^mst sn"h rorilnun: !.).)•< vmong others, that 1 think vie
ou'rht to ai\e io the ire.-l.oiders, or those who ha\e an m-
tersest m land, one bi:ineii «1 the legislature tor tlioiras)-
lumundthoii comfoit (Fcqc
Elibha Williams, at pa$c 953, says:
\ml who are Uu peojde who are io aid the ficchold-
eij< m electing then senate? On this subject, sir I know i
dm hab'.e to 1>V nnnepre.sented. and have ahcady been so hy
anticipation, l.y tho.e who haie the 'people ;^ycr on :hc:t-
hmvik, but who, I feji.luie seldom earned them mutl
lower Who aie thei who will piotert the janoed mtereit
ot this Stale bettor tUan it.u«KH, or H-ttur determine w hen
a diiect tax Uneeessaiy and ,,, orl, to l,e impose A on thu
alt
eveiv toiiL'ue. Tlie\ hiinu « ith them the habits, viue>,po.
I'tieal creeds and nation.tbue- olesciv section oft]lie fcl<)bc.
■UK". ha\e lli'dlioni oppression it } ou please, and hay htt-
hiMnllv re" 11,led so\ere)£i:ty and tyranny as identihed,
thev nre na'.'n whose uant* if not whose y,e« have «ut
them horn other states and countries to seek 1 u ad b) -u
if nnr hv nlundc-v, \vhos« mwns and Ivitntv. v. Host hm
kind of ambition, and onh s-ort ol industry, all lorbid tlteir
purcha.ins m the couutrj and tilling the sou.
Ju(]<re Van Ness, at page 968, s<iys:
What would he the character of die luture population of
the- metropolis and of othei lan;e cities winch would spung
n , vlrii.t parts ol tlie State ' it would, ill all human proba-
biliU comprise afe\s nun ol moirimate w-calth, and ^P111'
titnde degraded In lice end oppressed « nil poverty. Ihese
"c"• tuc-^nopo .natenal, for Un most dangerous spoo.es o.
aristocracy The inoni y >1 mtCHSts wrould be m tin.
of the profligate raid am.uiious, who « oulil make use of their
wealth to bribe and puichase the i otcs of the venal classe.
ofsocietv. The tills' 1- not distant when those that ha, e
Jiothma- Will I'.rm .1 majority in the country. > Lnugrae,U o]
all de.^cnptioii'- ,iii.' fiuin cvoi'\ iju-'ttei Oi tae i.lobt, .. cu
