334
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Rhode Island Memorial—Mr. Rathbun.
H. of Reps.
constantly pouring m to swell the tide of population, and,
in many cases, to increase the mass of vice, ignorance, and
poverty. Extensive factories were daily springing up, and
would hereafter be filled with crowds of dependants whose
votes would be at the disposal of wealthy owners.
These establishments', if all who were employed in them
were permitted to vote, would possess aix overwhelming
and dangerous influence.
Sir, these were the odious sentiments uttered by
the party opposed to Mr.' Van Buren in that con-
vention; and as -the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Smith] has challenged this investigation, let them go
before the country in contrast with the liberal opin-
ions on the right of suffrage avowed by Mr. van
Buren at the same time. In the course of the debate
on the articles of confederation, in the year 1777,
John Adams said that "the condition of the laboring
poor in most couutries, that of the fishermen particular-
ly of the northern States, is as abject as that of slaves."
(Elliot's debates, vol. 1, p. 101.) And we find that the
opinions of Spencer, -Kent, Piatt, Van Ness, and Wil-
liams, the political opponents ofMr. Van Buren, in the
convention of New York, were in perfect unison with
that sentiment of the venerated father of federalism.
Sir, the gentleman from Indiana, and his political as-
sociates, still adhere to the same monstrous doctrines.
They still believe that one portion of the citizens of
this republic were born to be "were hewers of wood
and drawers of water" for the other portion; and they
pronounce every man in Rhode Island a "jishermany"
unless he is seized of an estate in lands. I need not
go beyond the speech of the gentleman [Mr.
Smith] in proof of my assertion. At the outset
he proclaimed to this House that "he did not sub-
scribe to the sentiment, vox populi vox Dei.''1 Neither
of us, sir, understand that maxim—" The voice of the
people is the voice of God"—to mean literally that the
will of the people is the will of Jehovah. It is intended
merely to express the sovereignty of the people, as
contrasted with any other human power claiming to
control the popular will; and it is that sovereignty
which the gentleman from Indiana denies. Why,
sir, he goes quite beyond his great federal leaders in
the New York convention; for if he will take the
trouble to read through the speech of Mr. Elisha
Williams delivered in that body, and from which I
have quoted, he will find that even he, the purest spe-
cimen of the federalism of that day yielded a sneer-
ing admission to the truth of the great popular
maxim, "vox populi vox Deiwhich the gentleman
[Mr. Smith] now so flippantly repudiates.
I am not mistaken, sir, as to the sentiments of the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Caleb B. Smith,] on
tins point. A little further along in his speech lie
fully confirms what I say. I will quote his own
words, as reported in the Intelligencer of March
15th:
Knip.s wee not retypopular in (hia co'intry; and this honor
of all those who ruled j 're Dinno, mudi a tery good topu Jo> a
stump speech; but in diguing u ijitulion of < n*lituUan<tl
riqht—a question vKFKJiiNfi ovh iun.uTibfe, and thepeipetit-
tfy of our institutions—it was hardly so sound an auci-
ment.
What does the gentleman mean? Why, that our
horror of kings is a sound argument only when it
forms the topic of a stump speech; but when applied
to our liberties, it is hardly so sound! Sir, it is not
only an avowal of the whig policy of 1840—one set
of opinions for "the public eye," and another yet
for the action of public men—but it is also an avowal
that the Sovereignty of the people is a delusion, and
that the nearer you can connect the tenure of our
institutions with the divine right of kings the better;
and these sentiments, sir, come from Indiana—a
State fertile in democracy as the soil they cultivate!
Dare the gentleman utter them at homc? No; for
he has told us that, though fit to be avowed here,
they are not a good topic for a stump speech! and
yet, while holding and uttering here these opinions,
woisc than federalism, and which more than justify
the "Algerine parUf m the State of Rhode Island,
the gentleman stands up nnd catechizes the opin-
ions of Mr. Van Buren on the extension of suf-
frage, as though, m point of liberality, they fell
short of the standard prescribed by the gentleman's
[Mr. Smith's] own constituency. If it be so, then I
have to say that there is a wide difference, indeed,
between the opinions of the gentleman himself and
those who sent him here.
But, sir, in conclusion, 1 will say to the honorable
member from Indiana that the labors of Mr. Van
Buren in the convention of New York, more than
any other man, enfranchised over seventy-five thou-
sand citizens of that State; who, with then posterity,
comprising now a population equal to the whole
constituency of the honorable gentleman and his
^leagues, still feel grateful to the standard-bearer
of their rights on that occasion, and will indignantly
spurn the imputation that he was hostile to a liberal
suffrage. And, sir, I deny that Mr. Van Buren, at
any time, designed to exclude from the right of suf-
frage the icar-wom and warm-hearted soldier with-
out property. But it is true, sir, that, when in that
convention, Mr. Van Buren knew there was a party
in'this country unscrupulous of the means by which
it sought power; and that he foresaw the time might
come when that party, as in the great carnival of
1840, would adopt a system of "colonizing voters"
alike destructive of the purity of suffrage and the
freedom of our institutions.
SPEECH OF MR. RATHBUN,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives, March 9, 1844—On
the Rhode Island memorial.
The House resumed the consideration of the fol-
lowing resolution, reported by Mr. Burke :
"Resolved, That the select committee on the me-
morial of certain members of the Rhode Island legis-
lature have power to send forpeisons and papers."
Mr. RATHBUN, having the floor, remarked
that the House had referred to a select committee
the memorial of twenty-six members of the legisla-
ture of Rhode Island, containing serious and im-
portant allegations, for the purpose of having the
subject investigated, and the result of that investi-
gation reported to the House for its further consid-
eration. That committee, in the discharge of its
duty, now asked of the House the means of inves-
tigation, without which it was not in its power to
learn the truth or falsehood of the allegations con-
tained in the memorial. The honorable gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. Causin] objected to the pas-
sage of the resolution, upon the ground that the
House could do nothing on the subject, if ail the
statements in the memorial were found to be true
He (Mi. R.) dissented from that opinion. He ap-
prehended that, if they were found to be true., there
were few members upon this floor who would deny
to this House the power, as well as its duty, to
take suinc action upon the subject. That gentleman
had told the House that he was not piesent m com-
mittee, and that he did not know of this resolution
until it was read here. He (Mr. R.) would remark
to the honorable member, that if he had been pres-
ent with the committee, entertaining his piesent
views, he would have stood alone. This report
v is unanimously agieed upon, nnd nothing that
luid fallen from the gentleman had changed his (Mr.
R/s) views. The expense of the investigation had
been stated as an objection to intrusting the com-
mittee with the necessary power. On that point,
as a member of the committee, he (Mr. R.) could
inform the House that the committee, previous to
agreeing to the resolution, had discussed the sub-
ject, and were unanimous in the opinion that few
witnesses would be required; that the utmost pru-
dence mid economy .should be exercised if the
power should be conferred. The committee have
been charged with certain duties, which cannot be
performed without evidence. The House should
do one of two things: either give bo the committee
the means of obtaining that evidence, or discharge
it from the further consideration of the subject.
Either would be satisfactory to him.
He (Mr. R.) would now turn his attention to the
extraordinary course pursued by the honorable
member from Rhode Island [Mr. Cranston-] in the
discussion of this question. That gentleman had
gone to most unwarrantable lengths m his remarks,
m denouncing not only the memorialists, but, as lie
(Air. R.) believed, a majority of the people of
Rhode Island. He should also examine some of
the political opinions avowed by that gentleman,
and which weie received with marked approbation
by his [Mr. Cranston's] poetical f;lends around
him—doctrines which lie (Mr. Ratitbun) be-
lieved the leading members of that party on this
floor, and throughout the country, honestly en-
tertained, and sometimes expressed. The gentle-
man [Mr, Cranston] said that Dorr and his
friends claimed that the, people at all times had the
power to alter thfir form of government. This hf [Mr.
Cranston] denied. If the people have not the power
to form or alter the constitution under which they
are to live, or do live, (Mr. R. asked,) who has that
power: It has long been the custom, in this coun-
try, to acknowledge that the people possessed sov-
ereign power; that office-holders were the represent-
atives, agents, and servants of the people, and re-
sponsible to them for their acts. We are told now
that this was a delusive dream; that the people can
do nothing: and we are to infer that the legislature
of Rhode Island can do everything. The gentle-
man [Mr. Cranston] has said that the memorial
was "utterly and entirely false, every single word
of it, except that these twenty-six men were mem-
bers of the legislature: he did not admit that they
were democratic members." "His notions of de-
mocracy—and he had always belonged to the old
Jeffersonian school—did not allow him to admit that
these men were democrats." Sir, (said Mr. R.)
the gentleman made an hour's speech; and, near its
close, in the most solemn manner, appealed to his
Maker, asserting that all he had said was true. He
stands contradicted by twenty-six witnesses, who,
so far as this House knows, are, each and every one
of them, as respectable, and entitled to as much
credit, as the honorable member. Does the gentle-
man expect the condemnation of twenty-six wit-
nesses upon his unsupported declaration? Docs he
imagine that the members upon this floor will, upon
his oath alone, pronounce the twenty-six memorial-
ists unworthy of credit?—that they have deliberately
drawn up, signed, and presented to this House, a
statement utterly and entirely false? Sir, he has told
the House about Algerincs in Rhode Island. The
spirit evinced by him on this occasion is not unlike,
an Algerine. He has declaimed against the people
of his State, to this House, as though it was com-
posed of Algerines, instead of the representatives of
freemen. The gentleman volunteered as a witness,
and attempted the impeachment of his fellow-citi-
zens. His testimony ought, therefore, to be scan-
ned, in order to see whether, in his zeal to discredit
others, he has not overthrown himself. The memo-
rialists are not democrats; but I am, says he: I am
a Jeffersonian democrat. Assertions are not always
proof: in this instance, the assertion is destroyed by
the evidence. The witness stands contradicted by
Mr. Jefferson himself. In the declaration of inde-
pendence, penned by the hand of that illustrious
man, the rights of the people are thus recorded, and
established, in the most solemn manner, by all the
States, and by the people: "That governments are
instituted among men to secure life, liberty, and the
pursuit of happiness, deriving their just powers
from the consent of the governed; that, whenever
any form of government becomes destructive of
these ends, it is the light if the people to alter or
abolish it, and to institute new government, laying
its foundation on such principles, and organizing its
powers in such form, as to them shall seem most
likely to effect their safety and happiness." This
is the language of the memorialists; and this the
gentleman "denies." He denies that they are dem-
ocrats; and yet, in the face of this House, he as-
serted that "he was a Jeffersonian democrat." Now,
sir, let us examine a little further into the democracy
of the gantleman and his friends, here and at home.
Let us see what were Jeffersonian principles in Vir-
ginia. The bill of rights, adopted with and form-
ing part of the constitution of Virginia, asserts that
"a majority of the people have the right to alter,
amend, or abolish, their form of government."
And again, sir, this principle recognising the su-
premacy of the people'—this principle of "Jefferso-
nian democracy" denied by the gentleman from
Rhode Island, is found incorporated into the bills of
rights, or in the constitutions of Maine, Vermont,
Connecticut, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Maryland,
Kentucky, Virginia, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michi-
gan, Tennessee, Mississippi, Alabama, and Arkan-
sas. Sir, when a witness upon the stand, under
the influence of prejudice or passion, volunteers
statements which prove to be incorrect, it detracts very
much from his general credit. Apply this salutary
rule to the gentleman, and he ennuot complain if the
House shall refuse to credit him in opposition to the
twenty-six memorialists. He [Mr. Cranston]
claims to be a Jeffersonian democrat, and, in the
same breath, strikes at the foundation on which
democracy rests.
Mr. Cranston wished to explain. He said he did
not deny the right of revolution to the people, but he
did not admit that they could change their constitu-
tion as often as they pleased, without law, against
law and without any cruise.
Mr. Rathbun thanked the gentleman for his ex-
planation; he had not changed his ground. He [Mr.
Crakston] will not admit the right of the people
to alter, amend, or abolish their constitution without
the consent or permission of some superior. Their
master Hiust consent, He is fearful of their dispose
