Feb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
337
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Phelps.
Senate.
strike it off at one blow,—seems to have descended
lo his successors in'Rhode Island. Justice, always
blind, has become deaf and revengeful. Patriotism
is a crime. Advocacy of the rights of the people,
of the sovereignty of the people—adherence to the
principles of the declaration of independence in
Rhode Island is declared to be treason.
SPEECH OF MR. PHELPS,
OF VEMONT.
In Senatet Ftbmary 16 and 19, 1844—On the subject
of the tariff.
Mr. President: I cannot concur with the honor-
able senator from Maine, in regarding this discus-
sion as idle or useless. So far as its purpose may
be to carry conviction to the mind of any senator
present, I am aware that the effort is hopeless. But,
sir, there are reasons, cogent reasons_ for probing the
subject to the bottjm. Whatever may be our de-
cision upon this great question of national policy,
an appeal lies to the great body of the American
people. That appeal will assuredly be taken; and
the period is very rapidly approaching when it
must be decided. However incongruous it may ap-
pear to the honorable senator that we, who are ac-
customed to receive instructions from our constit-
uency, and to pay to those instructions the highest
deference, should, in our turn, affect to instruct
them, yet he will agree with me that they whose
representatives we are, and to whom we ore account-
able, have a right to know the reasons which in-
fluence our conduct here, and to be poseessed of all
the material which we regard as important to our
correct judgment.
There are other reasons why we should not be
silent. The question involved in this debate is
of vital and paramount interest to the American
people. It lies at the root of your national economy
and your national policy. It is the cardinal prin-
ciple upon which your legislation must turn, and
upon which your national prosperity depends.
However we may disagree as to the merits or the fruits
of the protective policy, there is but one sentiment
as to the importance of the subject submitted to your
consideration. The senator from South Carolina
[Mr. McDuffie] regards this policy as pregnant
with the rum of the country; while I, on the other
hand, consider it the only means of that country's
salvation. Sir, this subject constitutes the funda-
mental difference between the great political parties
of the country, and will form the principal if not the
only issue between them in the approaching con-
test. Upon the decision of the American people
upon it, depends not only the result of that contest,
but the character of your future legislation and
policy, and, in my judgment, the hopes and destiny
of the nation.
Having had the honor of a seat here when the
tariff act of 1842 was passed, and believing now, as
I did then, that the policy exhibited by that act
forms the only true basis of your national policy,
and your national prosperity, I feel bound, by the
obligation of the highest, most sacred, and impe-
rious duty, upon all occasions, and under all circum-
stances, to maintain and defend it. The senator
from South Carolina proposes not merely a repeal
or modification of that act, but the utter abandon-
ment of the protective policy, either in the form of
duties imposed for the encouragement of domestic
industry, or of distnmination for that object, now
andfm-ever. Here, then, we are at issue; and 1 pro-
pose to examine the senator's reasons for aban-
doning a policy which originated with the origin
of your government, has recei\ ed the approbation
and support of your early statesmen and patuots,
and has been until lately steadily adhered to, and
for substituting a new, untried, and visionary theory,
hitherto adopted by no people, and whidi stands at
this moment at war with the experience and con-
demned by the combined judgment of the civilized
world.
The honorable senator has denounced the act of
3842 as a foul and faithless mutilation of the com-
promise act of 1833. Sir, when these words fell
upon my ear, they struck me as the mere effer-
vescence of passion and excitement, and as indicat-
ing simply (what no one who listened to the hon-
orable senator could doubt) that the sentiments ex-
pressed by him came warm from the heart. But
although the senator was not understood as im-
peaching the motives of those who sustained the act
of 1842°yet that he intended thus to characterize
the tendency and legitimate operation of that act, is
not to be doubted.
(22)
Sir, 1 voted for the act of 1842; and I did so
knowing that is conflicted with some of the pro-
visions of the celebrated compromise act, as that act
was interpreted in a ccrtain quarter. That my course
in that particular was foul or faithless, I cannot ad-
mit. Nay, I will endeavor to demonstrate to the
honorable senator that, by no interpretation of that
act which he or his friends can sustain for a mo-
ment, can its provisions be brought into conflict
with the act of 1822.
Let us analyze the act of 1833 It provides—
1. For cash duties, and the home valuation. Both
these features are preserved in the act of 1842.
2. It provides that "such duties shall be imposed,
for the purpose of raising such revenue as may be
necessary for an economical administration of the
government."
By this 1 understand that the financial wants of
the government are to be the limit of your revenue
from imposts, or, in other words, that no duty shall
be levied for protection merely, which is not required
to meet the calls upon your treasury, and which shall
produce a surplus revenue. Will any senator insist
that the aggregate amount of duties imposed by the
act of 1842 transcends that limit? Has your income
exceeded your expenditure? Have you a surplus
revenue, or are you at this moment m debt for the
ordinary expenses of your government in time of
peace? The honorable senator insists that the high
duties imposed by that act diminishes the revenue,
and advocates a reduction of the duties with a view
to it increase. If this be his purpose, he certainly
will not contend that the limitation of the compro-
mise act has been transcended already.
The great controversy, in relation to the true im-
port of the act of 1833, has been with respect to the
proceeds of the public lands—whether they should
go into the treasury, to meet your ordinary expend-
iture, or should be distributed to the States, and the
wants of your treasury should be supplied exclu-
sively by imposts. It is unnecessary to discuss this
question now. In an evil hour we were compelled
to yield the distribution, in order to obtain the only
measure calculated to relieve the distress of the
country, and to avoid the impending bankruptcy of
the government. We were forced to adopt, practi-
cally at least, the southern construction of the com-
promise; and having done so, there is an end of all
complaint on that score.
The residue of the compromise act, which pro-
vides for a gradual reduction of duties, to be com-
plete on the 30th of June, 1842, had already taken
effect—it had exhausted itself—it was functus
officio—a dead letter. There was no longer
anything'here to violate. The only provisions of
that act designed to be permanent are, the home
valuation, the cash payments, and the limitation of
imposts to the exigencies of the treasury. All the
rest is matter of detail, intended to carry out those
principles. Twenty per cent, ad valorem was as-
sumed (erroneously, as the result has proved) as
*n adequate rate, and upon that assumption the du-
ties were reduced accordingly. This rate was found
too low, and was necessarily raised, to conform to
the criterion furnished by the act itself. Sir, the
only aspect in which the act of 1842 can be brought
into collision witli the compromise act, is to force
upon the latter the construction that it was designed
to limit the imposition of duties forever thereafter
to the rate of twenty per cent. This rate of duty
seems to be a great favorite with some senators. It
has been denominated the natural rate of impost—
the ne phis ultra of financial operations in the region
of customs. Whenre this notion was derived, I
am unable to concene, and I am very sure I shall
never he iufoimed. Sir, the natural and proper rale
of duty seems to be that winch is graduated to the
financial necessities of tiro country. I know of no
principle which requires the imposition of twenty
per cent, if the interests of the country do not de-
mand it, nor of any which would limit us to it if
the wants of the treasury transcend it. But the ar-
gument drawn from this provision of the act is based
upon a mere technicality. That rate having been
assumed as affording a sufficient revenue to meet
an economical administration of the government,
the duties were rcduccd to that rate, and there
they were left. The provision, that from and
after the 30th day of .Tune, 1842, such duties
should be payable, was no more than completing
the l-ednction, and leaving the matter to the fu-
ture action of Congress, winch was evidently
contemplated by the act. If the provision be regard-
ed as imperative upon a future Congress, it abro-
gates and annuls the prominent feature of the com-
promise, which does furnish an intelligible rule for
the discretion of a- future Congress, to wit: "The
graduation of their imposts to their financial wants."
If it prohibit an increase of duties above the rate of
twenty per cent., it leaves no footil for the exer-
cise of that discretion: and the governing princi-
ple of the act becomes unmeaning and impracti-
cable.
But if this construction is fastened upon the act. of
1833, the provision itself is a nullity. It becomes
an idle, futile attempt, on the part of the 22d Con-
gress, to limit and abridge the constitutional powers
of their successors—a piece of legislation, if legisla-
tion it can be called, which nobody is bound, to re-
gard, and nobody will regard. No senator will
claim this power for the 22u Congress, or for any
other. Gentlemen may take their choice of the
horns of the dilemma. If they admit my construc-
tion of the act, and concede that the provision for
the rate of duty yields to the paramount considera-
tion of the wants of the government, then there is no
departure in the law of 1842 from the principles of
the compromise act. If, on the other hand, they in-
sist upon the opposite construction, the law be-
comes a dead letter, and must be abandoned as nu-
gatory.
Sir, the charge of a foul and faithless violation of
a solemn compact by the 27th Congress has gone
forth to the world. I have deemed it due to that
Congress and to myself, as one who voted for that
law, to repel the charge. But, sir, I cannot leave
the subject here. I have something more to say in
reference to this famous compromise act, which is so
often pressed upon us, as trammelling our legisla-
tion, and controlling us in the exercise of our con-
scientious judgment in the discharge of our high du-
ties here.
Let the construction of that act be what it may, I
have yet to learn that, as a a Senator on this floor, I
am not at liberty to vote for its modification or repeal,
or for any subsequent act of legislation which shall
supersede and annul it. Much is said of the sanc-
tity of the compromise—of its imperative and bind-
ing character. Can senators tell me whence these
qualities are derived?
Sir, I regard this law as a mere act of ordinary
legislation, subject, like other laws, to be modified
or repealed in the discretion of Congress, whenever,
in their opinion, the public weal requires it.
Whether it shall remain in force, or be blotted
from the statute book, is, in my judgment, a ques-
tion of expediency, and expediency only. I recog-
nise in it no imperative or binding obligation, which
shall conflict with the free exercise qf a sound legis-
lative discretion. I do not admit the power or the
right of the 22d Congress to limit, or abridge, or
trammel, the constitutional powers of their succes-
sors. That they might bind us, by grant or charter,
on any act of legislation partaking of the nature of
a contract, and bringing into existence vested pri-
vate rights, readily conceded. But in respect of
measures resting on considerations of expediency
and public policy, and having for their object the
regulation of public affairs alone, I deny that they
could chain us down to any course of policy which
they in their judgment might deem expedient.
They exercised their legislative power, in their own
discretion, as their best judgment dictated, under
their responsibility to their constituents and their
own consciences; and when they had done so,
they transmitted to their successors and to us that
power, to be exercised in the same manner, as fully
as they possessed it, neither impaired nor abridgP/cK
The act is called a compromise. A compromise of
what' Of conflicting opinions, like that which oc-
curs in every important act of legislation—a Compro-
mise necessary, often, to enable us to act at all, but
resting, after all, upon considerations of expediency
alone.
Sir, there can be no compact without the assent
of parties. If this act is viewed as such, by whore
assent am I bound? I had not the honor of a seat
here when this celebrated act was passed. My o«  
persona] assent has never been given. My prede-
cessors opposed the passage. Tiie voice of the State,
which, in connexion with my honorable colleague, I
have the, honor to represent here, as expressed in
both these halls, protested against it. The art war.
imposed upon us by the will of the majority—by
force of legislative authority, as a legislative act.
This was its origin; and on this footing it stands
still. There let it stand, as a monument of mutual
concession and good will; and let it be maintained.
if it be maintained at all, not upon the fallacious and
mistaken attribute of peculiar sanctity, but upnjj
