Congressional globe.
legislature of Ohio, lying oil the Speaker's table, on
the subject of retrenchment, were referred to the
Committtee on Retrenchment.
COAL AND IRON.
Mr. BIDLACK moved to suspend the rules, for
the purpose of taking up the resolution offered by
him some time since, calling on the Secretary of the
Navy for a report showing the results of the experi-
ments that have been made, under the direction of
the department, to test the qualities of various kinds
of coal and iron.
Mr. ADAMS suggested to the gentleman to mod-
ify his motion, so as to suspend the rules for' the
consideration of all the resolutions that ha<^ been of-
fered and had not been yet acted on.
Mr. BIDLACK assented.
The question was put on the motion as modified,
and decided in the negative.
RESOLUTIONS.
The SPEAKER then proceeded with the call for
resolutions, commencing with the State of Maine;
and the following were offered:
BREAKWATER AT STAMFORD.
Mr. DUNLAP offered the following resolution;
which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making
an appropriation for the continuation of the break-
water at Stamford's bridge, in the harbor of Port-
land, Maine, and to report by bill or otherwise.
HOSPITAL MONEY.
Mr. HERRICK submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire and report whether the munici-
pal authorities of the city of New York exact and
collect from seamen entering that port any sum, and,
if any, what sum, and by what authority, as hos-
pital money, or for the support of a hospital at that
port; and what additional legislation by Congress, if
any, be expedient for the protection of seamen
against exactions of hospital money not authorized
by the laws of the United States.
TEMPERANCE.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, the use of the
hall was granted to the Congressional Temperance
Society, after the adjournment of the House, on
Thursday next.
WEST POINT ACADEMY.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution,
and called for the previous question:
Resolved, That the national Military Academy at
West Point ought to be abolished; and that the
Committee on Military Affairs be instructed to re-
port to this House a Bill repealing all laws establish-
ing the same, and appropriating the money now re-
quired to sustain that institution to the diffusion of
military instruction in the different States and'Terri-
tones.
Mr. HOLMES moved to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays on the
question; which, being ordered, resulted in yeas 96,
nays 70, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Anderson, Ashe, Baker,
Barringer, Barnard, Blackwell, Bossier, Bowlin, J. Brinkcr-
hoft', Buffington, Gary, Causin, C'happell, Clinch, Clinton,
Cobb, Coles, Collamer, Cranston, Daniel, Garrett Davis,
Richard I). Davis, Dean, Deberry, Dellet, Dickey, Drum
goole, Dunlap, Elmer, Farlee, Fi«h, Foot, French, Grmnell,
(Irider, Hammett, Hardin, Harper, Herrick, Holmes, Hop-
kins, Hubard, Hudson, Washington Hunt, Joseph K. In^er-
soll, John P. Kennedy, Preston Km^, Daniel P Kins;, Kirk-
patr;ek,Labranche, Leonard, Lyon, .YloClelland, McHlvaine,
Marsh, Edward J Morm, Moim-, .Moseley, Murplu , Newton,
Parmenter. K. R. Pettei, Emerj D. Potter. Piatt, Preston,
Charles M. Reed, D S. Reid, Rockwell Rocr.'rs, Russell,
Sample, Saunders, Senter, Severance, David' 1.. Seymour,
Simons, Klidell, Caleb B Smith, Stetson, Strong, S} kes. Tay-
lor. Thomasson, Tilden. Tucker, Tyler, Vance, Vinton,
Wethered, Wheaton, White, Williams, Winthrop and Wil-
liam Wright—96
^'AYS—Messrs. Atkinson, Belser, Benton, Bidlack, Ed-
ward J. Black, James Black, James A. Black, Bower, Boyd,
Brodhead, William J. Brown, Burke, Caldwell, Campbell,
Reuben Chapman, Cullom, Dana, John W. Davis, Dil-
lingham, Foster, Giddings, Willis Green, Hale, Hamlin,
Hays, Henley, Hoge, Houston, Hubbell, Hughes, Hunger-
ford, James B. Hunt, Cave Johnson, Perley B. Johnson,
Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Andrew Kennedy,
Lewis, Lucas, Lumpkin, McCauslen, McClemand, McCon-
nell, McDowell, Moore, Joseph Morris, Morris, Owen,
Payne, Purdy, Ramsey, Eathbun, Reding, Relfe, Ritter,
Robinson, St. John, Thomas H. Seymour, Simpson, John
T. Smith, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Steenrod, John
/Stewart, Stone, Weller, Wentworth, "Woodward, Joseph A,
Wright, Mi Test—70,
Mr. BURKE offered the following resolution;
which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be directed
to report to this House—
1. The number and names of the States and Ter-
ritories which Isaac Hill is under contract with the
Post Office Department to supply with post office
blanks and stationery.
2. The quantity of blanks and stationery which
has already been furnished by said Hill, under
said contract.
3. The sum or sums of money which have been
paid, or may be due, to said Hill, by virtue of said
contracts. And
4. Copies of said contra# or contracts, together
with copies of the advertisements under which said
contracts were made.
TEMPERANCE AND ABSTINENCE.
Mr. REDING offered a resolution to amend the
19th joint rule of the two Houses of Congress, so as
to provide that no intoxicating liquors shall be ex-
hibited or offered for sale in the Capitol or on the
public grounds adjacent thereto, and that the restau-
rants be forthwith resumed from the Capitol. On
this, he moved the previous question; and on second-
ing the demand for the previous question, he called
for tellers.
Messrs. Burkf. and Thomasson were appoint-
ed tellers; and having taken the vote, they re-
ported 68 in the affirmative and 62 in the negative.
So there was a second.
Mr. CAUSIN desired the question to be divided,
so that the vote could be taken first on preventing
the sale of intoxicating liquors, and next on the
other branch of the proposition.
Mr. HARALSON also expressed his wish to have
the question divided, so that the vote could be taken
first on the liquor and next on the other refresh-
ments.
The SPEAKER put the question, "Shall the main
question be now put"' and it was decided in the
affirmative.
Mr. HAMMETT inquired if it would be in order
to move to lay the resolution on the table.
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. HAMMETT made that motion.
Mr. REDING called for the yeas and nays on
that motion.
Mr. HARALSON called for the reading of the
19th joint rule.
The Clerk read it as follows: "No spirituous li-
quors shall be offered for sale, or exhibited within
the Capitol, or on the public grounds adjacent there-
to."
Mr. HARALSON remarked that that was already
a joint standing rule.
Mr. ADAMS inquired if the proposition now
pending was to amend a joint rule.
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. ADAMS then remarked that, if the motion
prevailed, the resolution would have to go the Sen-
ate for concurrence.
Mr. HARALSON desired to move a substitute
for the resolution of the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire, to provide that the officers of the House be in-
structed to enforce the existing rules.
The SPEAKER said amendments were not in or-
der at this time.
The yeas and nays were then ordered on the mo-
tion of Mr. Hammett to lay the resolution on the
table, and being taken, tliey resulted as follows—yeas
36, nays 131:
YF.AS—Messrs. Atkinson, Edward J. Black, Blackwell,
Bower, Bowlm, Bojd, Brodhead, Llmton, Lobb, Daniel,
Dean, Diomgoole, TJuncan, Foot, Hainmett, Holmes, Hope,
Hus-lies. Lewis, Lyon. Vc('aiit,len, McOlerrnmd, AlcCon-
nell. Murphy, Newton. Hitter. Saunders, tlidell, Steenrod,
Stile*-1, Thomasson, Tilibutts, Vance, Welhend, Wlic.jton.
and White—3t>.
KAY'S—Messrs.Ahl.ot, Adams, Baker, Barringer, Barnard.
Beardslev, BeLer. Benton, Bidlack, lames Black, Bossier,
Jacob l)imkeiholl', Adion V. Brown, William J. Bioiui,
Buffington, Bmke, Unit Caldwell. Campbell, tary. < atlin,
Causin, Chappell, Clinch, Collamer, Cranston, Cullom,
Dana, Garrett Davis. Richard D. Dau , Deberry, Delict,
Dickey, Dickinson, Dillingham, Dnnlap, Elmer, Farlee,
Fickli'n, Fish, Foster, French, Gidaings, Byram Green,
Grinnell, Grider, Hale, Hamlm, Hardin, Hays, Henley,
Herrick, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hubbell, Hudson,
Hungerford, Washington Hunt, James B. Hunt, Joseph R,
Ingersoll, Irvin, Jenks, Cave Johnson. Perley B. Johnson,
Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Andrew- Kennedy,
John P. Kennedy, Preston King, Daniel P King, Kirk-
patrick, Labranche, Leonard, Lucas, McClelland, McDow-
ell, Mcllvaine, McKay, MarSS, Moore, F.dward J. Morris,
Joseph Morris, Morse, Moseley, Noras. Owen, Parmen-
ter, Patterson, Payne, Peyton, Elisha R. Potter, Emery D.
Potter, Pratt, Preston, Purdy, Rathbun, Charles M. Reed,
David S. ReM, Reding, Bclfe, Robinson, Rockwell, Rogers,
Russell, St John," Sample, Senter, Severance, Thomas It
Seymour, David L. Seymour, Simpson, AIbert Smith, John
T. Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Robert Smith, Stetson, John
Stewart, Sykes, Taylor, Tilden, Tucker, Tyler, Vinton,
Weller, Wentworth, Williams, Winthrop, Williajn Wright,
Joseph A. Wright, and Yost—131.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
The question then being upon agreeing to the first
part of the resolution—
Mr. HARALSON, inquired whether that part of
the resolution of the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire was not precisely the same as the nineteenth
joint rule, which it proposed to amend.'
The Clerk having, at the request of Mr. RED-
ING, read the 19th joint rule, and also the amend-
ment, stated that, in the one, the words -'intoxica-
ting liquors" were used, and in the other, the words
"spirituous liquors." [A laugh.]
Mr. SCHENCK inquired of the Speaker whether
the term "exhibiting," as used in the rule, meant
exhibiting the effects of the intoxicating liquora'
The SPEAKER replied, that the gentleman must
placc his own interpretation upon it.
The question was then put upon agreeing to the
first part of the resolution, and carried.
Upon the second part of the resolution the yeas
and nays were demanded, and ordered; and being
taken, resulted as follows—yeas 80, nays 90:
.YEAS.—Messrs. Atkinson, Baker, Belser, BidlacU, James
Black, Milton Brown, Burke, Burt, Gary, Catlin, Reuben
Chapman, Collamer, Cranston, Cullom, Dana, Richard D.
Davis, Deberry, Dillingham, Dunlap, Ellis, Elmer, Ficklin,
Giddimpi, Byram Green, Hale, Hamlin, Hays, Henley,
Herrick, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hudson, "Washington
Hunt, Jrvin, Cave Johnson, Perley B. Johnson, Andrew
Johnson, George W. Jones, Andrew Kennedy, Preston
Kin?, Daniel P. King, McClelland, Mcllvaine, McKay,
Moore, Joseph Morris, Morse, Norns, Owen, Parmenter,
Payne, Elisha R. Potter, Emery D. Potter, Purdy, Rathbun,
Charles M. Reed, Reding, Rliett, Robinson, Rockwell, Rus-
sell, Senter, Severance, Thomas H .Seymour, David L.
Seymour, J. T. Smith.T. Smith, Stetson, John Stewart,
Taylor, Tilden, Vance, Wentworth, "Wheaton, Williams,
"Winthrop, William Wright, Jos. A. Wright, and Yost—80.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Ashe, Barringer, Barnard,
Beardsley, Benton, Edward J. Black, Blackwell, Bossier,
Bower, Bowlin, Boyd, Jacob Brinkerhoff, Brodhead, Aaron
V. Brown, William J. Brown, Buffington, Campbell, Causin,
Chappell, Clinch, Cobb, Coles, Daniel, John W. Davis,
Dellet, Dickey, Dickinson, Dromgoole, Duncan, Farlee,
Fish, Foot, Foster, French, Grider, Hammett, Haralson,
Hardin, Harper, Holmes, Hoge, Hubbell, Hughes, Hunger-
ford, J. B. Hunt, Jameson, Jenks, John P. Kennedy, Kirk*
patrick, Labranche, Leonard, Lewi*, Lucas, Lyon, McCaus-
Jin, McClernand, McConnell, Marsh, Moseley, Mujyhy,
Newton, Patterson, Peyton, Preston, Ramsey, David S.
Reid, Relfc, Hitter, Rogers, St. John, Sample, Schenck,
Slidell, Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Robert Smith, Steen*
rod, Andrew Stewart, Stiles, Strong, Sykes, Thomasson,
Tibbatts, Tyler, Vinton, Weller, Wethered, and White—00.
. So the second part of the resolution was not con-
curred in.
The State of Massachusetts being called,
Mr. ADAMS offered the following, which was
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be. directed
to inform this House whether any gross errors have
been discovered in the printed "sixth census, or enu-
meration of the inhabitants of the United States, as
corrected at the Department of State in 1841," and if
so, how those errors originated, what they are, and
what, if any, measures have been taken to rectify
them.
WEST POINT ACADEMY.
Mr. T. H. SEYMOUR submitted the following
resolution, and demanded the previous question
thereon:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire info the expediency of re-
pealing all laws establishing or continuing' the na-
tional military academy at "West Point, and that
they report by bill or otherwise.
The second to the previous question having been
refused by the House, the resolution went over, on
notice of debate.
Mr. SIMONS submitted the following resolution,
and called for the previous question thereon:
Resolved, That the House, after Monday next,
commence their sitting at 11 o'clock, a. m.
On putting the rpiestion on seconding the call for
the previous question, the vote was—ayes 58, noes
79.
So there was not a second; and the resolution,
being objected to, went over.
COLLECTOR AT BROOKLYN
Mr. MURPHY submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies over one day:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce b§
