§26
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
And the question was then put upon agreeing'to
the second part of the resolution, in these words:
"That all efforts of the abolitionists or others,
made to induce Congress to interfere with questions
of slavery, or to take incipient steps in relation there-
to, are calculated to lead to the most alarming and
dangerous consequences, and that all such efforts
have an inevijable tendency to diminish the happi-
ness of the people, and endanger the stability and
permanency of the Union, and ought not to be coun-
tenanced by any friend to our political institutions."
The roll being called through, and before the vote
was announcedby the Chair,
Mr. STETSON, having quoted the rule in rela-
tion to members voting, observed that two or three
of his colleagues were present, and did not vote. He
demanded that their names be called again. He
would name Mr. Barnard, for one:
Mr. BARNARD said that he was in his seat,
heard his name called, and declined voting for rea-
sons he would give, if permitted.
The SPEAKER said it would not be in order;
and if the gentleman desired to vote, he would direct
his name to be called.
Mr. C. JOHNSON insisted on the gentleman's
name being called again. The rule was imperative,
and required him to vote, unless excused by the
House.
The SPEAKER said that he had no right to call
the gentleman's name again, unless he desired it;
and he then announced the vote to be—yeas 128,
nays 23, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Ashe, Atkinson, Barringer,
Boardsley, Belser, Benton, Ridlack, James Black, Black-
well, Bossier, Bower, Bowlin, Boyd, Jacob Brinkerhoft',
Brodhead. Aaron V. Brown, Milton Brown, Wm. J. Brown,
Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Campbell, Catlin, Causm, Reuben
Chapman, Chappell, Clinch, Glingman, Clinton, Cobb, Coles,
Cross, Cuiiom, l)ana, Daniel, Garrett Davis, Richard L>. Da-
vis, J. W. Davis, Deberry, Dickinson, Dromgooie, Dunlap,
F.llis, Elmer,Farlee,Ficklm, Fish, French,B.Green, Grider,
Hale, Hamlin, Hammett, Haralson, Henley, Herrick, Holmes,
Hoge, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hubbell, Hungerford,
J. B. Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Jameson, Cave Johnson,
Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, John P. Kennedy, Pres-
to li King, Kirkpatrick, Labranche, Leonard, Lewis, Lucas,
Lumpkin, Lyou, McClernand, McConncll, McDowell, Mc-
Kay, Mathews, Moore, Joseph Morris, Murphy, Newton,
Norris, Owen, Payne, Peyton, Emery D. Potter, Preston,
Purdy, Rathbun, David S. Rcid, Reding, Relfe, Rhett, ltit-
ter, Russell, St. John, Saunders, Senter, Thomas H. Sey-
mour, David L. Seymour, Simons, Slidisll, Thomas Smith,
Robert Smith, Steenrod, Stetson, John Stewart, Stiles,
Stone, Strong, Summers, Tayor, Thomasson, Thompson,
Tibbatts, Tucker, Wentworth, Wheaton, White, Wood-
ward, and Joseph A. Wright—128.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Baker, Dickey, Giddings,
Grinncll, Hardin, Harper,Hudson, Washington Hunt, lrvin,
Perley B. Johnson, Daniel P. King, McClelland, Mclhaiue,
Rockwell, Rogers, Severance, Albert Smith, Tilden, Vance,
Vinton, and Winthrop—23
So the concluding portion of the resolution was
adopted.
The House then adjourned.
The following petitions, presented to-day, were
handed to tile reporters by the members presenting
them:
By Mr. JOHN W. DAVIS: The petition of
John D. Thomasson and 58 other citizens of Indi-
ana, asking a post-route from Sinking Spring to
Mount Pleasant, by way ofBryantsville and Ddufi-h-
erty's Shoals.
By Mr. FICKLIN: The memorial of William
Iiighsmith and others, of Crawford county, Illinois,
asking a grant of lands to complete the national
thoroughfare between Lake Erie and the Ohio, by
the improvement of the navigation of the Wabash.
By Mr. HAMLIN: The petition of Jacob Mc-
Gaw and 277 other citizens of Bangor and vicinity,
Maine, for the abolition of spirit rations in the navy,
and for a suitable substitute: referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
By Mr. HENRY DODGE: The petition of 60
citizens of Erie, Pennsylvania, asking Congress for
an appropriation for a harbor at the town of South-
port, in the Territory of Wisconsin: referred to the
Committee on Commerce. The petition of 69 citi-
zens of Oswego county, State of New York, asking
Congress for an appropriation for the construction
of a harbor at the town of Southport, western
shore of Lake Michigan, in the Territory of Wis-
consin- referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The petition of 322 citizens of the city of Buffalo,
hne county, State of New York, asking Congress
for an appropriation for the construction of a harbor
, town. Southport, western shore of Lake
Wtcliigan, m the Territory of Wisconsin: referred
;<• >fte Committee on Commerce. The petition of
120 citizens of the State of Michigan, asking Con-
gress for an appropriation for the construction of a
harbor at the town of Southport, in the Territory of
Wisconsin: referred to the Committee on Com-
merce. The petition of, 48 citizens of the city of
Troy, State of New York, asking Congress for an
appropriation for the construction of a harbor at the
town of Southport, in the Territory of Wisconsin:
referred to the Committee on Commerce. The peti-
tion of 98 citizens of Cleaveland, State of Ohio, ask-
ing Congress for an appropriation for the construc-
tion of a harbor at the town of Southport, in the
Territory of Wisconsin: referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
By Mr. WHEATON: The petition of inhabitants
of the counties of Onondaga and Courtland, New
York, asking the establishment of a mail-route from
Truxton, in Courtland county, to Tully, Onondaga
county, New York.
By Mr. COBB: The petition of the heirs of John
Forsyth, for indemnification for property destroyed
in the Creek war by the United States troops.
By Mr. ATKINSON: The petition of Walter
Gwynn and many others, of Norfolk county, Vir-
ginia, praying for a reduction of the duty on rail-
road iron: referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means. The petition of citizens of Accomac coun-
ty, Virginia, for a port of entry at Horntown: re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. THOMPSON: The petition of Mary
Harris, widow of Newsom Harris, praying for a
pension: referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions.
By Mr. A. C. DODGE: The petition of the
county commissioners of Dubuque county, in the
Territory of Iowa, praying Congress for a donation
of two and a half lots m the town of Dubuque, on
the northwest corner of Seventh and Locust streets:
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, six petitions from citizens of Iowa, very
numerously signed, praying Congress for a dona-
tion of thirty-six sections of land, from unsold
lands within the limits of Io\w Territory, in aid of
the Iowa City College.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 27,1844.
Mr. SEMPLE presented the proceedings of a
public meeting of citizens of Clark county, Illinois,
and a memorial adopted at that meeting m favor of
an appropriation for the continuation of the Cumber-
land roau: referred to the Committee on Roads and
Canals.
Mr. EVANS presented a petition from Benjamin
Wyatt, praying indemnity for French spoliations
prior to 1800: referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. WOODBIUDGE presented a petition from
citizens of Macomb county, Michigan, praying for
the erection of a light-house, and for removing the
bar at the mouth of Clinton river; which was refer-
red to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, presented a petition from sundry citizens of
Michigan, praying further legislation to enable the
old settlers in that State to have their titles to land
adjusted: referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
* Mr. BUCHANAN presented the memorial of a
number of the citizens of Philadelphia, protesting,
in the strongest terms, against the repeal of the duty
on railroad iron—a measure so strongly urged, as
they allege, by our large and wealthy incorporated
railroad companies, and English manufacturers and
agenis. They assert positively that, "under exist-
ing laws, railroad iron can and will be produced to
meet the entire wants of the country;" and that
"works have already been established for that pur-
pose, upon a scale that will compare with the best
establishments m England; and, ere long, iron will
be produced from them as cheaply here as abroad;
and it can now be had at 20 per cent, less than was
paid for a similar quality of railroad iron seven
years ago, when it was imported free of duty."
"The works referred to are the Great Western Iron-
works, on the Allegheny river; the Montour and
Wilkesbarre Iron-works, on the Susquehanna river;
the Crane Iron-works, on the Lehigh—all in Penn-
sylvania; the Mount Savage Iron-works, in the vi-
cinity of Cumberland, Maryland; the New Jersey
Iron-works, at Boonton; and the Tredegar Iron-
works, at Richmond, in Virginia." They also
state (and state most truly) that "railroad iron will
not be manufactured, as long as a hope is entertained
that Congress will remit the duty upon this class of
iron to incorporated companies—all of whom have
imported their iron under this expectation, and now
ask for a legislation peculiar to itself, and which
must prove most disastrous to the whole country."
Mr. B. moved that this memorial should be
printed. It contained much useful information; and
the statements of the memorialists, so far as he knew
their character, wtfre entitled to the highest respect.
He must be permitted to say that, after the number
of solemn decisions on this subject which had been
made by the Senate within the last few years, the
bill recently reported by the Committee on Finance
was a most extraordinary measure. It proposed to
admit railroad iron, for the use of all incorporated
companies, free of duty, for five years, and then al-
lowed them three years, after the period of five
years had expired, to lay down this iron: thus, in
substance, exempting the stockholders in such cor-
porations from the common duties paid by all other
citizens of the country, for eight years.
The petition was laid upon the table, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. WALKER presented resolutions adopted by
the legislature of Mississippi, on the subject of a
naval depot; instructing the senators and requesting
the representatives from that State to use their in-
fluence to have it established, if possible, at either of
certain points in the State of Mississippi; and failing
in that object, to procure its establishment at Mem-
phis, Tennessee: ordered to be printed, and referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, resolutions of that legislature, instructing
the senators and requesting the representatives from
that State to use their influence to procure the es-
tablishment of certain mail routes, which it was said
were of great importance to the people of that State.
He moved that tne resolutions be printed, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads. He called the attention of the chairman of
that committee to the memorial, and appealed to him
and other members of that committee to give the
subject investigation at as early a period as the bu-
siness before them would permit: referred.
On motion by Mr. SEVIER, leave was granted
to withdraw from the files the petition and papers of
Gov. Cross, of Arkansas, with a view of having
his claim settled at the Treasury Department.
Mr. BARROW, on leave, introduced a bill en-
titled "An act to amend an act in relation to lands
sold in the Greensburgh (late St. Helena) land dis-
trict, in the State of Louisiana, and authorizing a
resurvey of certain lands in said district; which was
read twice, and referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
Mr. TAPPAN presented a memorial from citi-
zens of Cuyahoga county, Ohio, setting forth the
great importance of the internal commerce of the
country, and of having proper harbors for its pro-
tection, representing the ruinous condition of the
public works in the harbor of Cleveland, and ask-
ing for an appropriation to save them from destruo
tion.
Mr. T, said the memorial contained a great deal
of statistical information upon this subject, which
was one of present importance, and moved that it be
printed: agreed to.
Also, presented a letter from Leander Ransom,
one of the ablest engineers in the West, on the same
subjcct; which was referred, with the ahove memo-
rial, to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. RERRIEN presented a memorial numerous-
ly signed by citizens of Savannah, Georgia, asking
for the establishment of a steamboat mail line be-
tween that city and the city of Charleston, South
Carolina: referred to the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads.
| 'Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the Jt;.
diciary, reported back, without amendment, the
bill concerning the Supreme Court of the United
States.
Mr. WrOODBURY, on leave, introduced a joint
resolution providing for the return of additional
items in the commercial statistics; which was read
twice, and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
On motion by Mr. PHELPS, the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office was discharged from
the petition of the heirs of Daniel Pettibone, pray-
ing compensation for the use in the Capitol of cer-
tain air furnaces; and it was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. PHELPS said he had been instructed by the
same committee to move the printing of the report
of the Commissioner of Patents, with fifty additional
copies for the use of the Patent Office, and fifteen
hundred copies for the use of the Senate—omitting
