CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'38*
the list of patent expired, and the list of claims for
patents rejected.
Mr. KING said he was willing to print as many
of this report as was necessary for the use of the
Senate, and to give information to the country. He
would like, however, for the senator to explain the
object for printing such a large number extra.
Mr. PHELPS replied that he could explain. In
proposing to print an extra number of copies, the
committee proposed to omit a great part of it com-
prising the list of patents expired, and of the list of
claims for patents rejected. By omitting this por-
tion of the documents, they retained only the agri-
cultural and manufacturing statistics, which the com-
missioner furnished agreeably to an act of Congress
of 1839. The document which he wished to have
printed contained very useful statistical informa-
tion for the country; and he knew from his own ex-
perience, that the number usually printed was not
sufficient. , He had been called upon by his own
constituents for copies of this document; and he
had always found that the number of copies with
which he was furnished was not sufficient to sup-
ply their wants. He ventured to say, that the in-
formation contained in this document was of vast
importance, and that it would be useful to the coun-
try to have it disseminated.
Mr. KING observed that the gentleman himself,
who was chairman of the commkt.ee, had not had an
opportunity of making an examination which would
enable him to speak accurately on the subject. Now
he (Mr. K.) always thought that, before the Sen-
ate ordered an extra number of copies of any doc-
ument to be printed, some plausible reason should
be given to show the necessity for such an order.
He had no disposition to throw any obstacle in the
way of the printing of all useful matter, which it
was advisable should be disseminated throughout
the country; nor would he, on this occasion, make
any proposition that would defeat the object of the
 enator [Mr. Phelps.] He wished, however, that
the matter should be examined into before passing
an order; and with a view to afford him an oppor-
tunity to do so, he moved to lay the motion to print
on the table, for the present. He would call it up at
a reasonable time, so that no delay would occur by
the motion.
Mr. PHELPS rose merely to explain to the sen-
ator from Alabama [Mr. Kkjo] what he had intend-
ed to explain before—that, although he had not ex-
amined the paper very minutely, he had examined
it so far as to be fully satisfied that it was a very-
valuable public document; and he had also intended
to state, that it was vastly more important than the
great mass of trash which was printed from year to
year by the Senate.
The motion to print the extra number was order-
ed to lie on the table for the present.
On motion by Mr. JARNAGIN, 1,500 copies
additional were ordered to be printed^ of the report
of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, oil the subject of remodelling the postage
^Mr^BAGBY, on leave, introduced a bill to amend
an act entitled "An act to carry into effect, in the
States of Alabama and Mississippi, the existing
contracts with those States in regard to the five per
cent, fund, and school reservation;" which was read
twice, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands. „ . T
Mr. DRAYTON, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, made an adverse report on the memorial of
David C. Wilson, late marshal of Delaware, pray-
ing for an allowance for office rent.
Thejoint resolution from the House, so to amend
the 19th joint rule as to prevent the sale of intoxica-
ting liquors in the Capitol restaurants, was taken up,
read twice, and committed to the Committee on the
Public Buildings and Grounds.
Mr TAPPAN gave notice that he would, on to-
morrow, ask leave to introduce a joint resolution
concerning dew-rotted hemp.
The following engrossed bills were read the third
time, and passed, viz:
The bill to authorize the Secretary of the 1 reasu-
rv to make an arrangement or compromise with any
of the sureties on the bonds given to the United
States by Samuel Swartwout, late collector of the
customs in the port of New York. _
The bill to direct the disposition of certain un-
claimed goods, wares, or merchandise, seized as be-
ine illegally imported into the United States. _
The bill requiring one of the judges of the circuit
court for the District of Columbia to reside hereaf-
ter at Alexandria,
The bill to incorporate the Georgetown College,
in the district of Columbia.
The engrossed bill authorizing the transfer, to the
State of Maryland, of the stock held by the United
States in the Chesapeake and Ohio canal, on certain
conditions, came up, and was read the third time;
and the question then being, Shall the bill pass?
Mr. TAPPAN made some remarks on the im-
propriety of making a donation of this stock to the
State of Maryland, and said he desired to record his
vote against it, and demanded the yeas and nays,
which were ordered and taken; and the bill was pass-
ed by the following vote—yeas 32, nays 11:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Benton,
Berrien, Buchanan, Clayton, Crittenden, Eayton, Evans,
Foster, Francis, Fulton, Henderson, Jarnagin, King, Man-
gum, Merrick, Miller, Pearce, Phelps, Porter, ltives, Sem-
pie, Sevier. Simmons, Stuigeon,Tallmadge, Upham, Walker,
and Woodbridge—3'i.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Bagby, Breese,
Fairfield, Hannegan, Ha) wood, Tappan, Woodbury, and
Wright—11.
The bill to afford relief to certain contractors with
the government—that is, extend to them the time
for fulfilling the contracts for casting cannon and
balls, &c., which was under consideration at the ex-
piration of the morning hour of yesterday, came up
m order.
Mr. BAYARD preferred that the Senate should
not progress in its consideration then. He desired
further time to perfect an amendment, which he in-
tended to submit in lieu of that offered by him on
yesterday. He therefore called for the order of the
day.
Mr. HAYWOOD gave notice, if it met with the
approbation of the senator from Delaware, that he
should call up this bill on Monday next.
Mr. FULTON gave notice of an intention to in-
troduce a bill concerning land claims in Arkansas.
TPIE OREGON QUESTION.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the res-
olution submitted by Mr. Semfle, in the following
words:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to give notice to the British govern-
ment that it is the desire of the government of the
United States to annul and abrogate the provisions
of the third article of the convention concluded be-
tween the government of the United States of Amer-
ica and his Britannic Majesty the King of the Uni-
ted Kingdom of Great Britain and Irelend on the
20th October, 1818, and indefinitely continued be-
tween the same parties, signed at London the 6th
August, 1827. .
Mr. BREESE expressed his obligations for the
courtesy shown to lum in postponing the consid-
eration of this question on yesterday, and would re-
turn the only acknowledgment in his power by
making the remarks he felt called on to oner as brief
as the very important nature of the subject under
discussion would permit. He had no new lights to
shed upon the subject; nor did he believe the dis-
cussion, no matter to what extent it might be car-
ried, would place the question in any point that it
had not been already presented in by its advocates
and opponents; but he had some views of his own
which, humble as they might be, he wished to pre-
sent to the Senate. He had received instructions
from the legislature of Illinois carefully to watcn
over and strenuously to'support all measures intro-
duced in this body having a tendency to secure
to the United States the sole and exclusive occu-
pancy of the territory lying west of the Rocky
mountains. It was in that body, m common with
the entire people of the West, a consideration of
the greatest importance, as relating to the honor and
welfare of the country; but if he had never received
those instructions, he would have considered it a
dereliction of duty to let the discussion pass with-
out taking part in it, and expressing his concurrence
with the views entertained by the legislature of his
State. He felt and acknowledged the necessity ol
approaching any subject involving the remotest
chance of collision with a foreign power, with cool
and deliberate caution. He would consider
it impolitic and improper to meddle unneces-
sarily with the relations at present existing
between this country and foreign powers. He would
be the last to advocate such a course, knowing that
it was impossible to say where wax heedlessly en-
tered into would terminate; but he thought the gen-
tlemen who seemed to have so sensitive a dread ot
the horrors of a contest with England, were opera-
ted on more by visionary apprehensions than any
reality gave cause for, In viewing this important
JWriJln 'I'AUi ■ i ii i ■  Miw—, i ■■ iTWN, _  
tuestion, and the results of the resolution now ww
er consideration, he thought our judgment should
have cool play, and that ho heated imagination
should carry us from looking at it in its true colors-
It was only necessary to give it a careful examina-
tion, a dispassionate consideration, to show the
fears of those gentlemen to be founded on merely a
suppositious basis.
Those gentlemen, in their arguments, dwell on
the horrors of a war, as if giving the notice re-
quired by this resolution must inevitably be follow-
ed by a breach of the peaceful relationsnow ^XiEst-
ing between this country and Great Britain. ^
honorable senator from Massachusetts started with
the proposition that if, by giving this notice, we ter-
minated the convention of 1818, or such portion of
it as related to the joint occupancy, we stood
pledged, in the face of all the nations on earth, to
enforce the sole occupancy by force of arms. But
he did not think there was any foundation for such
E reposition; and, to show how much that honora-
le senator was mistaken in supposing war _ to-
be the inevitable consequence of our giving
such notice, he would review the causes
which led to the convention; and in doing so, inquire
into what claims Great Britain had, or advanced, to
the disputed country before the treaty of Ghent. At
the time of the execution of that treaty, there was no
special claim advanced by Great Britain, nor was
there any tiling expressly determined by either coun-
try as a mark of possession west of the boundary
line. No proposition was ever made by England
rejative to the territory west of the Rocky moun-
tains; and when our minister at the court of England
received instructions to bring this matter to a settle-
ment, and offered, in accordance with the "^trac-
tions he had received, to give to England from
north latitude, no claim did she then make to
the country now in dispute; but rejected the
negotiation, because we would not agree to lief
audacious demand of the free navigation of the Mw
sissippi, which she required for the purpose
tending her power and influence to the Pacific. 1 nis
washer sole and avowed reason for rejecting the of-
fer then made. She required the free navigation of
the Mississippi, and that no true American would
ever yield to her, or any other foreign power. He
had no wish to cast censure on those who were en- ,
gaged in those negotiations; but he could not but
express his conviction that the first great error—an
error to which must be attributed any evil th*nay
follow action on this subject—was m thoso
negotiations admitting that Great Britain had
even the shadow of a title to the lands
west of the Rocky mountains. They should
have taken stronger ground, and openly and fear-
lessly denounced the unfounded pretensions ot
Great Britain. They should have taken stand on
the right of discovery in 1792—the cession to us
of Louisiana in 1803—the occupation by an
American fur company in the years 1810 and lol i,
and the rights which such possessions gave, i hose
arguments, if used, would have been more than suffi-
cient to justify them in not listening to the claims
set up by England. Had they done so, the embar-
rassments that now surround us would never iiava
occurred. There was no definitive line marked by
this treaty; every thing was left open, and nothing
absolutely denied to England, but the free navigation
of the Mississippi. All that was taken by either
party during the war, was to be uncondition-
ally delivered up to its former possessor—no res-
ervations were made except in regard to certain isl-
ands ill the Atlantic, which were specifically set
forth; and it may, perhaps, be advanced, in e*<;Uss
for those engaged on our side, m bringing this treaty
to a conclusion, that, at that time, they could have
had 110 idea of what the few succeeding years have
tl one in filling up the vast West, and creating a de-
sire, not to be resisted, for emigration still farther
west This may be advanced as an excuse for them
in not settling beyond doubt, at that time, our claim
to a country which they, perhaps, though, word-
less, and never to be required by our people. I hat
claim, if then made, would not have heeri denied;
and there would be now no doubts to solve on the
subject. England dreamed not, then, of claiming
what she seeks for now. Nor did. she at a
later period; for when, m 3811 and 1818, public
attention began to be excited, and the British
minister in Washington learned that it war, m con-
templation to send an armed ship for the protection
of Astoria, he earnestly insisted against it, on the
ground that we had no right, inasmuch as it was
always *a part of the dominions of his Bntanms
