Feb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
343
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. P/ielps.
Senate,,
the senator supposes, a tax upon the production of
the farmer of 30 to 40 per cent.: what remedy does
the senator propose? Why, sir, to repeal your du-
ty upon foreign fabrics, (for this constitutes the
tax,) abandon the idea of a domestic market, send
your productions abroad. To the producer of wheat
and other provisions in the northwest, he says, go
to England for a market. But he forgets to tell
them that England will not receive a pound of it if
she can avoid it—that she will take it only under
the pressure of necessity, when her own supplies
are exhausted, or about to be so; and even then
under enormous duties. Tiiat flour is subject to a
duty of 50 to 60 per cent., pork 40, beef 75 to 80,
bacon 75, butter and cheese 50, &c. He forgets,
also, to tell them that the domestic market in New
England, sustained by this protective policy, is
worth more to them than all the markets within the
British dominions. Well, sir, what will the wheat
grower gain by adopting the senator's advice?
Why, he gets rid of this imaginary tax of '30 per
cent.; but, by sending his flour to England, he sub-
jects it to a duty of 50 or 60; which he, of course,
lias to pay himself, as English wheat and flour ai e
not taxed. He cannot, therefore, add the duty to
the price. He sells his flour, brings home the
balance of the product left after paying the duties;
and here he is met by a collector, who demands the
30 per cent, not in the shape of a duty, but of a
direct tax for the support of his own government.
How much, think you, this farmer will have left to
purchase British goods, after paying costs and
charges of transporting his produce across the At-
lantic—50 per cent, to the British government, and
what is equal to 30 pel cent, to his own government'
The senator would dissuade the American farmer
from paying the 30 per cent, duty for the support of
liis own government and a home market, but per-
suade him to pay 50 to a foreign government, and
subject himself to a direct tax at home for the 30
per cent. If the farmer attempt to make his way
through Canada, he is no better off; the expense is
greater, and the duty the same. He may send
/ his wheat into Canada, where it is subjected to
a duty of three shillings sterling per quarter, or
72 cents for every eight bushels. It must
be manufactured tlieie to be nationalized, and
when it anives in England it is subjected to a duty
under their sliding scale, as it is called, commenc-
ing with five shillings sterling the barrel. The whole
duty, provincial and imperial, by way of Canada,
is about two dollars the barrel; the expense of trans-
portation by way of the St. Lawrence exceeds that
byway of New York, by three shillings and six
pence sterling, (84 cents,) making two dollars and
eighty-four cents on the barrel transported that way,
besides the loss of the profits of manufacturing.
Such is the free trade which England tenders us—
such her policy—a policy which she win not aban-
don. Sir, the idea of free trade is out of the ques-
tion—there is no such thing upon earth; and our
only alternative is to regulate our trade with Eng-
land ourselves, or permit her to regulate it for us, m
such way as subserves her purposes and promotes
her interests.
Mr. President, it is with no small degree of sur-
prise that I have listened to the remarks of hon-
orable senators on the other side of this chamber,
advocating upon this subject British doctrines. Sen-
ators are ready to beard the lion in defence of Maine
or Oregon; but upon this question, growing out of
' the only particular in which the interest of the two
nations can seriously come in conflict, (our great
commercial rivalry,) they ore prepared to adopt the-
ories manufactured in England, like her other fab-
rics, for the American market—theories for our
adoption and guidance, but which she never puts in
practice: more especially, that the senator from
New Hampshire should be found advocating doc-
trines so much at variance with the practical econo-
my of the people he represents. The people of New
Hampshire have preserved more of the early habits
of the settlers of New England than any other portion
of our people, and they exhibit to the eye of the trav-
eller more decided proofs of competence and com-
fort, considering their advantages, than any people
that I know of upon earth. They are an industri-
ous and economical people, who make the most of
their resources, ard practise the very economy
which the friends cf the protective policy advocate;
yet, strange as it may seem, their voice, as expressed
here, is uniformly heard protesting against the doc-
trines which they have ever so steadily adhered to at
home. They will adhere to them. The senator
cannot dissuade them He may talk of the tax im-
posed upon the axticle of sugar, but will he persuade
them to abandon the manufacture of the article from
their forests, and look abroad for what their own in-
dustry will supply at home?
Mr. President, the protective policy has been the
policy of this people, and it ever must be. Denounce
it as you will—heap upon it every term of re-
proach—exhaust upon it the whole abusive vocab-
ulary of the English language, more copious, as it
is, than that of any living language—yet it cannot
be shaken. It is interwoven with all your interests,
and lies at the bottom of your prosperity. Sir, I
venture the prediction that the distinguished individ-
ual who has been styled (not very justly, as I
think) the father of the system, but who may justly
be denominated its ablest and most efficient advo-
cate, will yet live, to see his opinion prevail, and his
policy the approved, received, and adopted policy of
Ills country. Sir, what has been our experience on
this subject. The protective policy began with the
fovernment; it was persevered in from that period
own to 1833. The "bill of abominations" of
1824, and the "damnable and accursed tariff of
1898," were enacted; and what were their
fruits? Univerasl prosperity. Prom one end
to the other of your widely extended empiie, in all
its variety of pursuit, prosperity, public and pri-
vate, competence, thrift, comfort, happiness, pre-
vailed to an extent as yet unknown, and unequalled
in the history of this people or of any people upon
earth. The produce of the soil found a ready mar-
ket; labor, in all its walks, met a competent and full
reward. Ail immense public debt was extinguish-
ed, and your treasury was overflowing. We had
pursued the policy which common sense and the
common judgment of the world approved, which
England herself has long practised, and which the
nation of Europe, with scarcely an exception, are at
this moment imitating. But in this state of unex-
ampled national prosperity, when your resources
were rapidly called into action, your production and
your wealth were increasing, a new light suddenly
burst upon us from the South. A discovery was
made, that the people of the North, though their
energy, their enterprise, and their sagacity, had,
from the period when these qualities were eulogized
by Edmund Binke, before the revolution, down to
the piesent day, excited the wonder and the admira-
tion of the world, yet knew nothing of the princi-
ples of political economy. Though they had peo-
pled a wilderness, established an empire in the West,
and extended their navigation and commerce to the
farthest oceans, yet they knew nothing of the ele-
ments of national prosperity.
And how was this discovery made? Not by
practical men, guided by their own sound judgment
and sagacity, and aided by experience; but by
speculating upon the theories of writers upon politi-
cal economy-—men whose theories were adapted to
the condition of the old world, who neither knew
nor thought of the policy of a new nation starting
into existence, developing its resources, founding its
establishments, and maturing its policy.
Sir, these laws of trade, of which we hear so
much, seem to have been regarded like the laws of
nature—as immutable and irresistible. They are
but tendencies, liable to be influenced and counter-
acted in their operation, by a thousand accidental
and contingent causes. They are never to be relied
on without a careful consideration of the peculiar
condition and circumstances of the people to whose
policy they arc about to be applied. These ciicum-
steuices are various. The condition of an old peo-
ple, whose population and trade have arrived at their
maximum, whose resources are fully developed,
whose relations with all the trorld are fixed, is wide-
ly different from that of a young people, advancing
rapidly in the course of national progression, with
a population not yet filled up, yet increasing in an
unexampled ratio, a territory not yet occupied, and
resources not yet developed, nor as yet fully dis-
covered. The first stage of civilization is undoubt-
edly agricultural; but in process of time other ob-
jects of industrial pursuit must be sought—the peo-
ple become manufacturing as well as agricultural.
Commerce may exist to a certain extent m the agri-
cultural state, or so far as it is sustained by agricul-
tural production; but all experience has shown that
the full commercial capacity of a people is never
fully attained until us productive industry is brought
to bear upon other resources and other modes of
production.
But the discovery was made, in defiance of all ex-
perience, that your protective policy was "a tax up-
on the many for the benefit of the few;" and in the
face of the fact that you were at that moment Uie
second commercial nation on the globe, and the rival
of the first, that it was hostile to commerce. It wa.i
also discovered that, to regulate commerce, was to let
it alone; that the policy of a nation as well as of an
individual was to pay no attention to your relative
outgo and income; that the power of laying a reve-
nue was conferred for the mere purpose of defray-
ing your expenses; and that it was to be exercised,
not with a design to foster your industry and call
into action your resources, but without regard to
either. These opinions unfortunately prevailed, and
in an evil hour the celebrated compromise act was
enacted. The protective policy was gradually aban-
doned, and your protective duties gradually-brought
down to what was called the "revenue standard."
By the withdrawal of your protection, the products,
of foreign industry were brought into successful com-
petition with your own, and the country was inun-
dated with foreign goods. Even before the reduc-
tion was complete, the foundation of your national
credit and your national prosperity was undermined.
And how were these foreign commodities procured'
Here, sir, permit me to notice an element in your
national econmy, which the celebrated writers so
often quoted did not contemplate, and which your
own statesmen have too little regarded. I allude to
that universal system of credit peculiar to this peo-
ple, the necessary and inevitable eonsequence ot
your rapid growth, and without which \'°ur prog-
ress must have been arrested. These foreign com-
modities were procured on a credit, 1o be paid for,
not ill the flour, beef, pork, and other productions of
the agricultural portion of these States, for these Eng-
land will not receive ; nor in the tobacco of JVkry-
land and Virginia, for this article is subjected tSy
her to an enormous duty ; but in the only article
which she receives under a moderate duty—your
cotton. This article, which constitutes so great a
portion of your exports, was the means, and almost
the only means, relied on to meet your engage-
ments. This immense amount of importation
was received, not in exchange for your own
productions exported, but on a credit, in an-
ticipation of the proceeds of your crop. And
thus a chain of indebtedness was created, be-
ginning with the English capitalist an.'! English
manufacturer, passing through all the gradations of
trade, down to the ultimate consumer of f 'reign ar-
ticles—to the cultivator of the soil, the lsyorer, by
the sweat of whose brow the means of payment
were to be wrought out. Y.our whole country, with
all its resources, and the labor of your hands, were
mortgaged, and that to the very power whose self-
ishness and arrogance are so often made the theme of
declamation here—that power, great as it is, against
which you were threatening war, although, as the
event proved, you had, to prosecute that war, nei-
ther money nor public nor private credit. In this
state of things, through the depreciation of cotton
in the foreign market, to which, in the fluctuations
in the commercial world, that article is so liable, or
from some other cause, (it is immaterial what,) your
expectations were disappointed, your means of pay-
ment were cut short, your exportation was exhaust-
ed, and the debt was not paid. There was but one
resource left—the gold and silver in the vaults of
your banks. The debt must be paid in specic; but
all the specie in the country fell short of its amount.
No sooner was it demanded for exportation than
the alarm was taken—the banks were obliged to
suspend; and fortunate it is for the country they
did so. Had they done otherwise, you would have
been literally a bankrupt nation. But this step pros-
trated your currency. The gold and silver was
locked in the vaults of your banks, and your paper
currency had lost its vitality in the loss of confidence.
The business of the country was suspended; prop-
erty of every description was depreciated one-half,
and this indebtedness which pervaded every class
virtually doubled. And where did the shock fall in
its greatest force?. Upon the South—upon the cot-
ton planter. It was necessarily, unavoidably ro. If
that article of production was alone relied on to meet
this immense debt, the planter must be in some way
responsible for it. He must either be made the ulti-
mate debtor, as the consumer of the goods imported,
or his bills drawn upon the basis of liis cottoii must
be procured. In either event, when the anticpated
fund failed, the recoil fell first and heaviest upon him.
The Southern banks were the first to suspend and
the last to resume—many never did so. No better
evidence can be had of the condition of any portion
of this people, than the condition of their banks.
But what followed? No sooner had ;he cio.su.
