330
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sissippi, as specified in her treaty with France in
im - _ • j l."
Gentlemen on the other side seemed afraid that,
by giving this notice,- we should place ourselves out
of.uie pale of civilized nations—that we should os-
tracise ourselves from the family of nations. Wow,
it appeared to him, we could only place ourselves
in that condition by deferring any longer to act in
this matter from fear of Great Britain, or under any
threat of war from her, in consequence of our
taking the decided step which our honor and
independence demand of us to take. The senator
from New Jersey, indeed, said it was not the mili-
tary or naval power of Great Britain he feared; but
the moral power of the world, which would be
against us. But was not England to be subject to
that moral power as well as this country; and could
she stand up against it, urging her unjust claims to
our territory south of the 49th degree of north lati-
tude, and demanding an equal right to the mouth
and navigation of the Columbia river, which we
had discovered, and which," by the law of nations,
belonged exclusively to us? She dare not go before
the world with such pretensions, and attempt to
justify a war in their support.
The senator from New Jersey had read an ex-
tract from the Louisville Journal, in which the Ore-
gon country is described as the "riddhngs of creation"
—as a place only suitable for transporting vaga-
bonds, convicts, and felons to. This, to be sure,
was not showing much regard for some of our most
respectable citizens gone to that territory, nor to
those whose advocacy of its occupation had actu-
ated tliem. The senator also referred to an article
in the Christian Advocate, no less decrying the
character of the Oregon Territory.
But he (Mr. B.) would now read some extracts
from authorities not to be questioned. Mr. B. then
read extracts from Captain Spalding's communica-
tion on the subject of the Oregon country; also from
the report of Captain Wilkes, and from the more re-
cent report of Doctor White, (the Indian agent sent
last year to Oregon;) all of which give the most flat-
tering description of the fertility of the country, the
salubrity of its climate, and the facility with which the
products of the earth are procured at one-third of the
labor required in the United States
Now, he supposed, as did the senator from New
Jersey, that the truth lay between these extremes;
and that it might safely be considered as a good
aUrage agricultural and grazing country. There
were, however, two things which justified the value
set upon it; one was, the fact that it was a good
grazing country, and had the great advantage that
cattle could be kept throughout the winter without
the expense attending the keep of cattle in the United
States; and the other was, its importance in a com-
mercial point of view. If the representatives of the
West were selfish in their motives, they certainly
would not be favorable to the emigration of their
constituents; they would desire to keep their citizens
at home. They hud, however, higher views than
any growing out of selfish policy. They saw the
vast importance of the Oregon Territory to this Union.
They looked to our growing commcrce in the Pacific
ocean, and that newly opened to us in China.
Mr. B. here referred to an article quoted a few
days back from the London Morning Chronicle; and
to an article he had read some time ago in the Edin-
burgh Review, on the subject of the Oregon ques-
tion; and commented upon these articles with a
view of showing that there would be no war with
England—that she expected to gain her objects by
diplomacy and negotiation. The Edinburgh Review
showed that England had no other spot on the globe
left now to colonize but Oregon, and that it was her
policy to have that for a new enterprise to build up
additional markets for her manufactures.
He thought it strange that we were ready to as-
sume the most decisive tone in asserting our rightswith
every other nation but Great Britain. When a sum of
money was due to us by France, we had an execu-
tive that would not brook delay in its payment; and lie
said, while he would ask nothing that was not right,
he would submit to nothing that was wrong. When
we had to negotiate with Naples, we did it with our
war frigates m the bay. Look to our recent diplo-
matic correspondence with Mexico? When did we
ever use such a tone of decision with Great Britain?
Whenever a subject comes up with that govern-
ment, it is quite another question. The moment
tins resolution is proposed, we are told of the ships
of war England lias in the Pacific, her facilities
for transporting men and munitions of war from
China to Oregon, and of our own difficulties in
reaching the battle ground. This argument would
be equally for our surrender of everything Great
Britain might choose to demand. When our rights
were questioned by other nations, we used quite a
different tone. We sent our frigates of war into the
bay of Naples to enforce our claim under negotia-
tion; we insisted upon our money from France; we
were decided, if not severe with Mexico; but
towards England we held quite different lan-
guage. . Now, why were we to suppose Eng-
land would be more ready to go to war,
without just occasion for it, than any other
nation? "Was there not good reason to be-
lieve she would not, on pretext of this resolu-
tion, attempt to go to war, because she could not but
know and feel that the public opinion of nations
would be altogether against her, and in our favor?
Governments are as much operated upon by public
opinion as individuals. This public opinion in
England itself, would* be aganjst her going to war.
Her manufacturers would be strongly opposed to it.
They knew too well that we were their best cus-
tomers. Looking, too, to the enormous debt of
England, there would be a strong sentiment opposed
to war. There were too many great interests at stake.
With a debt incurred by former wars, amounting,
as he believed, to nearly ;£1,000,000,000, and con-
sdiering her own condition at home, particularly in
relation to Ireland, how could she be safe in de-
claring war against us? In Canada things are very
different now, compared with what they were when
the last war existed. Public sentiment is very much
changed there. A large portion of the Canadian
population is in favor of the institutions of the United
States, and would be willing to break off from the yoke
of foreign control, and join us. These considerations
induced him to believe that no war could grow out
of our exercise of a right in conformity with the ex-
press terms of our treaty stipulations.
He acknowledged that war was a great calamity,
take it in any point of view. But there are sttll
greater calamities; and among them he would count
the greatest, a tame submission to the unjust de-
mands of Great Britain, if that submission pro-
ceeded from a fear of the effects of a war with her.
He would not even wish to see the national spirit
which had been raised on this question put down by
a delusive reliance upon diplomacy as an alterna-
tive. We could lose but little, even if we had to go
to war with England. He did not, however, be-
lieve any such thing was likely to take place.
He was obliged to omit a great many things he
had to say on this subject; for he had no doubt the
Senate was wearied, as he was himself: and there-
fore he would endeavor to close as briefly as pos-
sible.
He had before remarked the importance of the
Oregon Territory, in view of our opening trade with
China. It seemed to him that, in. that point
of view, it was exceedingly important. We could,
through that channel, enjoy a very profitable trade
with India, and by a direct communication through
our own territories. It would be opening a new
market for our staple productions—cotton, tobacco,
&c.—getting back the products of China and the East
Indies in exchange. Its impoitancedidnot stop there;
for already we had a large commcrce in the Pacific,
which would be encouraged and enlarged by our
protection. He quoted from public documents the
amount of tonnage and value of our commerce in
the Pacific ocean, with a view of showing that it
was worthy of the particular attention of our gov-
ernment.
Not wishing to detain the Senate longer, Mr. B.
recapitulated the points of argument he had present-
ed. He believed, himself, it was the duty of this
fovernment, at the present crisis, to give this notice,
le believed it could not be a cause of offence to
Great Britain. It could not be a cause of war. It
would be merely the assertion of a right recognised
to be ours by treaty stipulation. Our claims we
could establish by documentary evidence in the face
of the world. If, after producing them, we should
be involved in war, we would be ready to meet it
with the right on our side. Our title could not suf-
fer by this course. By sea and land wc would be
found vigorous and cnergetic; no matter what com-
manders we should select to lead us to victory.
Mr. BENTON rose and remarked that he in-
tended yesterday to take up the argument on the
tariff question, laid on the table some days ago; but
was unwilling to interfere with the debate on the
Oregon subject. He now wished merely to give
notice that on Thursday, at 1 o'clock, he would call
for the further consideration of the report frosu the
Comraittee on Finance in relation to the tariff
policy.
Mr. MILLER said he desired to express his
views in relation to the question now before the
Senate, (the Oregon subject,) but the usual hour of
adjournment had arrived.
On motion ofMr. EVANS,
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 27,1844.
The journal of yesterday having been read and
approved,
Mr. COLLAMER rose and said he perceived, by
the morning papers, that he was reported to have
voted against the resolution yesterday which de-
clared, "that Congress has no power to interfere in
or control the' domestic institutions of the several
States, &c.;" whereas he in fact did not vote against
the resolution; and he inquired how it appeared by
the journal.
On inspection of the journal, it appeared that he
did not so vote.
Mr. HOPKINS desired that the resolution offered
by the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Holmes] yesterday, should be read by the Clerk;
which having been done, Mr. H. proceeded to say
he was not aware that it had been modified; and he
had requested its reading for the purpose of inquir-
ing whether an error had not been committed.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON stated that the modi-
fication offered by him was accepted by the gentle-
man from South Carolina.
Mr. BIDLACK said he desired to have it stated
upon the journal that he moved to suspend the rules
for the purpose of receiving resolutions which had
been laid over on former days. He thought it but
an act of justice that it should be shown by the
journal that it was not through his fault that a reso-
lution which he had heretofore offered had not
been brought up and adopted.
Mr. HALE inquired whether it had not been the
custom to insert upon the journal motions of this
description?
The SPEAKER remarked that where the mo-
tion was not entertained by the House, it had not
been the practice to insert it upon thp journal.
The question being put upon the proposition of
Mr. Bidlack to amend the journal,
Mr. ADAMS said he believed it was a privilege
which had not heretofore been allowed, to insert
upon the journal a motion which had not been en-
teitained by the House. He would have no ob-
jection, however, to the adoption of the proposition
now made by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
provided it should be clearly understood that it
should be the right of every member hereafter to
make a similar proposition.
Objections being made by several members,
Mr. BIDLACK said he would relieve the House
from all difficulty on the subject, by withdrawing
his motion.
Mr. HARDIN asked permission to change a
vote which he gave yesterday.
The SPEAKER observed, that he had no recol-
lection of any case where a gentleman had been al-
lowed to change a vote which he had given on a
former day, unless an error had been made in the
entry of such vote.
Mr. G. DAVIS asked leave to refer some papers;
which was objected to.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY desired to call the atten-
tion of the House to a report in a paper of this
morning*.
The SPEAKER remarked, that the proposition
of the gentleman could only be entertained by gen-
eral consent.
Mr. DAVIS of Indiana moved that the rules be
suspended for the purpose of calling those States
which had not been called yesterday, for resolu-
tions.
Mr. KENNEDY said he hoped there would be
no objection on the part of the House to his making
an explanation, in order to correct an evident mis-
take. If there were objections, he should be com-
pelled, though reluctantly, to move a suspension of
the rules.
The rules, on motion of Mr. KENNEDY, were
then suspended.
Mr. KENNEDY thanked the House for its cour-
tesy. He would now call the attention of the
House to a report in the Intelligencer of this morn-
ing, which, he said, placed him in a position in re-
gard to a gentleman upon that floor which he was
