344
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1844.
28th Cong.....1st SeSs.
The Tariff—Mr. Phelps.
Senate.
energies of the country begun to rise under the pres-
sure, than a second revulsion followed. The failure
of the corn crop in England struck down again the
price of your great staple, for it diverted the capital
invested in it to the continent in search of bread-
stuffs. The Bank of the United States having loaned
liberally to the South, which was largely indebted
to it, and knowing that the cotton was the only
means of reimbursement, became largely interested
in the article. This has been called a speculation.
Call it what you please, it was the only means of
satisfying the immense debt due the institution, and
which the institution in turn owed in Europe. The
experiment failed; the article was depreciated; and
the revulsion crashed that mammoth institution, and
many minor ones with it.
Sir, had you produced within yourselves a portion
of the fabrics imported from abroad, the debt would
not have existed, your credit would not have
been pledged, your banks would not have sus-
pended, nor your currency been destroyed. Had
your market been a home market, the failure
of the corn crop in England would not have affected
it; nor would it have been brought within the direct
operation of the fluctuation of European commerce.
The people of New England were less affected by
these revulsions than any other portion of the coun-
try. Their banks were the most stable, and their
currency the soundest. This was owing to the do-
mestic market. The circle of their operations was
smaller, and more quickly performed. The trade
was brought nearer to the principle of exchange of
commodities; less time afforded for the intervention
of contingent causes between the contraction of the
debt and its payment; and, so far as they exchanged
the production of the soil for articles of domestic
manufacture, the operation was placed altogether
beyond the reach of any fluctuation or embarrass-
ment in European affairs.
What, Mr. President, has been our experience
since these revulsions? Nothing but embarrassment
and pecuniary distress, until the act of 1842 inspired
new confidence, and gave a new impetus to the en-
ergies of the country. The departure from the pro-
tective policy was the cause of all the evil we have
encountered; and a return to it is your only effect-
ual remedy. The derangement of the currency has
been often assigned as the cause of our calamities;
but what deranged the currency? That derange-
ment was an effect, rather than a cause, although, in
its turn, it became an efficient cause in aggravating
the misfortunes of the country, by suspending the
operations of labor, and depreciating its produc-
tions; by adding to the weight of indebtedness, and
thus giving additional force to the original cause
of all. Had not your imports vastly exceeded your
exports, no foreign debt would have been created,
no call for specie for exportation, no pressure upon
banking institutions, and of course no derangement
of your currency. The Slate debts, too, have come
in for their share of the obloquy. But the contract-
ing these debts did not constitute the evil. It was
the form in which the loans were received—in per-
ishable fabrics, which furnished no means of repay-
ment, to the disparagment of you own domesti<;in-
dustry. You had, to a great extent, abandoned
your protective policy, and thus invited the intro-
duction of foreign fabrics instead of that which
would have served as a basis of your currency. The
whole amount of State loans added but little, if any-
thing, to this basis; and when the day of payment
arrived, the pressure transcended the ability and the
means of your monetary institutions. Here, in this
abandonment, was the primary and radical error.
How, then, is the mistake to be remedied? The
remedy is obvious: reduce your importations, not
merely to the standard of your exportation, but you
must, for the present, go below it, in order that a
portion of the production of your industry, the only
I rue source of wealth, may be applied to the ex-
tinguishment of your debt. Sir, I speak with par-
ticular reference to the cotton planter of the South.
Give to him the advantage enjoyed by the wool-
grower of my own State, of a domestic market. Save
him from the consequences of this universal indebt-
edness, both individual and national, which tends
more than anything else to depreciate his great
staple; for nothing has a more decided tendency to
depress agricultural production than a distressed,
embarrassed, and necessitous condition of the whole
class of producers; and save him from these over-
whelming revulsions, originating in the foreign mar-,
ket, which fall with such tremendous and peculiar
force upon him.
Sir, this free-trade policy, the favorite remedy of
the senator from South Carolina, will only aggra-
vate the evil. We have imported too much already.
The senator says, extend your importations still
further. You are in debt; he advises to contract
more. You need all your means to meet this debt;
he advises to anticipate those means, as you have
done heretofore, by free importation, which shall
swallow them up, and leave your debt where it is;
his policy is to add to your income by increasing
your expenditure. He adverts to the laws of trade
and the theories of writers on political economy; he
insists that you cannot export unless you import;
and argues that by increasing your importation you
increase your exportation. I am aware, sir, that
commerce is but an exchange of commodities, but
circumstances may and often do destroy the equi-
librium of foreign trade; 'and the nation which finds
itself embarrassed from that, cause must take the
proper measures to restore it. He will find no
writer who lays down the doctrine that a nation can
extend its exportation indefinitely by increasing its
imports; or that it is necessary, in order to preserve
to preserve your foreign trade, that you exceed in
your importation the amount of your exports, or
who recommends it as a matter of national economy.
The senator insists that the South are the exporting
portion of the country, and therefore the importers;
and infers from this (not very accurately, in my
judgment) that they are the principal consumers;
and he asks that they be permitted to do as they
please with their own. To this, certainly, there
can be no objection. It is expected by the friends
of protection that the commodities of other coun-
tries will be received in exchange for our own pro-
ductions exported; but we know that your ex-
portation must be limited to the demand abroad; and
we desire that your importation should be graduated
accordingly. And here, sir, is the answer to the ob-
jection that we desire the extinction of foreign com-
merce. We do not desire to destroy our foreign
trade, but to restore its equilibrium—to place it upon
its legitimate footing, as an interchange of commodi-
ties—to make it conducive to national wealth and
prosperity—to lop off its excesses in the article of
importation, which experience has shown to be so
fatal to our prosperity.
Nor does the protective policy, properly adminis-
tered, tend to the destruction of foreign commerce.
There will always be a competition between the do-
mestic and foreign manufacturer. Could you throw
the whole American market into the hands of the
former, and make him the exclusive producer for
American consumption, twelve months would not
elapse before he would encounter a competition
from abroad. That competition would grow out of
your foreign commerce necessarily, inevitably, and
out of the necessity of receiving the commodities of
other nations in exchange for your productions ex-
ported.
And here, sir, permit me to advert to the very
fallacious apprehension which has been presented,
as a sort of bugbear, that the tendency of the pro-
tective system is to build up an aristocracy of man-
ufacturing wealth to which the whole country shall
be subject. Such a result cannot be brought about.
It will be prevented by foreign competion. The
duties imposed by the act of 1842 are little more
than an equivalent for the relative cheapness of pro-
duction in Europe; and should the manufacturers of
this country seek to accumulate large profits by
means of unreasonable pieces, they would be at
once undersold by those of Europe. This cause,
co-operating with the domestic competition, so
ready to start up when any investment becomes
profitable, will be effectual to keep down prices and
prevent an undue accumulation of wealth among the
manufacturing class.
Mr. President, it was not my purpose to discuss
the merits of the act of 1842, considered as a mere
revenue measure, nor the effect to be produced upon
the finances by its repeal. 1 leave those subjects in
abler and better hands—those of the distinguished
chairman of the Committee on Finance. My design
has been to vindicate the protective policy, as ex-
hibited m the-tariff act of 1842. And what, in sub-
stance, does that policy propose? Sir, it proposes,
in view of our recent disasters and the cause which
lias produced them, to bring back the trade of this
country to its legitimate footing—to limit our ex-
penditure to our means—to increase the production
of labor and its value by diversifying that labor,
and by diverting a portion of it from a pursuit al-
ready overstocked, to other and more valuable and
useful employment, and thus developing more fully
the resources of the country. It proposes to dimin-
ish our expenditure, and of course the tax upon do-
mestic industry, by creating within ourselves to a
certain extent what we have hitherto purchased
from abroad—adding at the same time to the pro-
duction of our own labor precisely in proportion as
we diminish importation—employing our own labor,
instead of making it tributary to foreign nations. It
proposes not to substitute manufactures for com-
merce, but to lay firmer and broader the foundation
of our commerce, by increasing and diversifying our
productions and our objects of exportation, and thus
enlarging the commercial capacity of the natiort-
It proposes, in short, that system of economy which,
as individuals, we approve and adopt—to pro.
duce as much as possible by the efforts of our own
industry, and to keep our expenditure within our
income—going upon the assumption that national'
and personal economy are based upon the same
principles, and that national prosperity is but the
aggregate of individual psosperity. In regard to
local and sectional considerations, it forgets not the
great variety of interests—of soil and climate—of
production and resource—of occupation and pur-
suit, in this our widely extended country, but very
justly determines that the protection and the pros-
perity of each section are the protection and the
prosperity of all.
For New England, destined as she is to be a man-
ufacturing people, it proposes the encouragement of
domestic manufactures—giving to that people a re-
source by which their prosperity and happiness may
be perpetuated, and saving that fair portion of our
heritage from ruin and desolation; ana this, not by
imposing a tax upon other sections of the country,
as is very erroneously supposed, but by stimulating
production and augmenting supply, and thus, with
the aid of foreign and domestic competition, reduc-
ing the cost of the fabric to the consumer, while the
increased and cheaper production makes amends to
the producer for the diminution of price.
To the people of the northwest, the producers of
breadstuffs and other provisions, it proposes an ad-
ditional market in the manufacturing region of the
East—not at a loss of the foreign market, such as it
is, but in aid of the very limited market, and infi-
nitely superior in importance to all the foreign mar-
kets in the world.
To the planter at the South it proposes an ad-
ditional market for his cotton—a market at home,
not subject to the fluctuations and uncertainties
of foreign operations—and it proposes to reduce the
demand abroad only in proportion as a demand
is created at home. But this is not all. It
proposes, by rivalling Great Britain in other markets
of the world, in the supply of the cotton fabric, to
secure the planter against competition from other
countries in the supply of the raw material, and to
protect him against the steadfast policy of England,
should the article be produced by her own depen-
dencies; in short, to sustain the planter, while at the
same time it renders other countries tributary to our
manufacturing industry, instead of leaving us tribu-
tary, as heretofore, to the laborers of Europe.
Above all, it proposes to preserve this people from
the curse of a foreign debt, which shall again by its
pressure prostrate our currency, paralyze our indus-
try, depreciate property, diminish the value of the
earnings of labor, and scatter insolvency and pecu-
niary distress and ruin throughout the land.
In this last consideration the people of the South
are peculiarly interested. They should have
learnt, if they have not, from past experience, that
the revulsions which follow excessive importations
fall first and heaviest upon them. Let them be-
ware, lest a recurrence to this visionary policy of
free trade should give them another taste of its fruits.
One experiment of the kind is enough for one gener-
ation; they can hardly desire its repetition.
Such, sir, in brief is the protective policy—that
system of political economy upon which the whole
abusive vocabulary of the English language, copious
as it, has been exhausted. Such is this ''accursed"
policy, which has diawn forth from a certain quarter
threats of a dissolution of the Union.
Mr. President, I did hope that this subject, of
such vital importance, would be discussed with
calmness, with cool deliberation. It is with in-
finite regret that I have witnessed appeals to local
interests and local prejudices, and predictions in re-
ference to our present happy Union, which no true
friend of his country can contemplate without pain.
Sir, if honorable senators value the Union, and de-
sire to preserve it, let them legislate with a catholic
spirit—consider themselves the representatives of a
great and united people, having in charge their great
