March, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
34?
Oregon Territory—Mr. Euchanan.
Senate.
Sir Roblrt Peel. But there is still another map. Here,
in this country—in the library of the late King—was depos-
ited a map by Mitchell, of the date 1703. That map was m
the possession of the late Kin^; and it was also m possession
of the noble lord; but he did not communicate, its contents
to Mr. Webster. [Hear, hear.J It is marked by a broad red
line; and on that line is written "Boundary as described by
our negotiator, Mi. Osw alu,' and that hue follows the claim
of the United States. [Hear, heai ] That map was on an
<extended scale. It was in possession of the late King, who
-was particularly curious in relation to geographical inqui-
ries. On that map, I repeat, is placed the boundary line 
that claimed by the United States—and on four different
places on that line, '-Boundary as described by our negotia-
tor, Mr. Oswald."
Lord Brougham also spoke upon this question,
and treated the idea with ridicule and scorn, that
Lord Ashburton was bound to show this map to
Mr. Webster. His lordship thinks that, from the
handwriting along the red line on the face of tho
map, describing the American, and not the British
claim, "it is the handwriting of George III him-
self." And after stating that the library of George
III, by the munificence of George IV, was given to
the British Museum, he says:
This map must have been there; but it is a curious cir-
cumstance that it is not there now [Laughter.] 1 suppose
it must have been taken out of the Bntibh Museum l'ux the
Jurpose of being sent over to my noble friend m America;
hear, hear, and laughter;] and which, according to the new
octrnies of diplomacy, he was bound to have taken over
with him, to show that he had no cabo—that he had not a
leg to stand upon.
And again:
But, bomehow or other, that map, which entiiely de-
stroys our contentions, and gives all to the Americans, has
l>een removed from the British Museum, and i& now to be
found at the Foreign Office.
"The late King («ays Robert Peel) was particu-
larly curious in relation to geographical inquiries."
ISo doubt he had received from Mr. Oswald himself
(the British negotiator of the provisional treaty of
peace) the information necessary to enable him to
mark the boundary line between his remaining
provinces in North America and the United States
according to that treaty. Justly has Lord Brougham
declared, that if this map had been produced, the
British government would not have had a leg to
stand upon. It would have entirely destroyed all
contentions, and given all to the Americans. I shall
not apply any epithets to such conduct. The sub-
ject is too grave for the use of epithets. But this I
shall say, that, hi one moment during the northeast-
ern boundary dispute, that government was ready to
apply the match to the cannon, and go to war m de-
fence of a claim which they themselves knew, under
the hand of their late sovereign, was totally destitute
of foundation.
I shall repeat, without comment, what Lord Ash
burton seid in reference to the Biitish title, duiing
the negotiation. He stated that he was the friend
of the United States—that he had endeavored to
a\ert the late war with England; which was true,
and was highly creditable to him. But, after all,
with the map in his pocket, he declared, in his letter
to Mr. Webster of the 21st June, 1842, as fol-
lows :
i will only here add the most ,'ssuranc.\ which i
would not lightly make, that, after a long and careful exam-
ination of all the aigumcnts and mi< reuces, <hie<-t and cir-
cumstantial, bearing 011 the %\bole of this trul> difficult
question, it is my settled conwction tluitn was the intention
ol the parties to the treaty of peace of 17b3. however imper-
fectly thoae intentions may have been executed, to lea^ to
Great Britain by their description ol boundanes, the whole
of the wateis of the river St. John.—Page 40.
And yet, after all this, we are admonished by sen-
ators to be again quiet and patient, as we were whilst
the negotiations with Lord Ashburton were pending,
and await the result. If we should continue to fol-
low this advice, the question will never be settled.
But, says the senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Choate,] it would be disrespectful to the govern-
ment of Great Britain to give the notice, immediate-
ly after the arrival of their minister in this country.
Disrespectful to give a notice expressly provided for
by the terms of the treaty itself! Disrespectful
when this notice will produce no sudden and abrupt
termination of the treaty, but will leave it in force
for another whole year! I ask, is not this period
long enough to complete a negotiation which was
commenced twenty-five years ago? My feelings may
be less sensitive than those of other gentlemen; and
this may be the reason why I cannot conceive how
the British government could, by possibility, con-
sider the notice disrespectful. Their sensihility
must be extreme to take offence at a measure which,
by their own solemn agreement, we might have
adopted at any time within the last sixteen years.
It', however, they should take offence at our adop-
tion of the very course pointed out by their own
solemn treaty, let them, in Heaven's name, be of-
fended. I shall regret it; but much more shall I re-
gret the long delay in the adjustment of this ques-
tion, which will inevitably result from our refusal to
give the notice. It will never be settled until
we convince Great Britain that we are in earnest.
She will proceed m extending and engrossing
the trade of the territory so long as we shall consent
to leave her in quiet possession, patiently awaiting
the results of a negotiation. The longer the delay,
the more essentially will her interests be promoted.
Here, sir, I might with propriety close my argu-
ment, having already said all which appropriately
belongs to the resolution under discussion; but "I
feel myself bound to examine some of the positions
taken by the senator from Massachusetts. In the
opinion of that senator, even if no treaty should be
concluded by Mr. Packenham, it would be wise to
continue the existing convention, unless circum-
stances shall change. He believes that, "in the
course of twenty years," an agricultural popula-
tion from the United States would gradually and
peacefully spread itself over the Territory of Ore-
gon—"the hunters of the Hudson Bay com-
pany would all pass oft" to the desert, where their
objects of pursuit were found, and the country would,
without a struggle, be ours." England had no inten-
tion of colonizing Oregon, and the senator saw noth-
ing in her policy which would incline her to inter-
pose obstacles to this natural course of events.
"No doubt, if we provoked and made war upon her,
she would do it; but if we would but enter the
territory prudently arid silently, with the plough-
share and the pruning hook, he could not see the
least probability that she would interfere to prevent
us." If we should send hunters or trappers there
to interfere with their monopoly, the Hudson Bay
company might take offence. "But should we go
there bonafide as farmers, wishing only to till the
soil, he had no doubt that, in twenty years, that
great hunting corporation, like one of Ossian's ghosts,
would roll itself off to the north and northeast, and
seek that great desert which was adapted to its pur-
suits and objects." England had no intention of
colonizing the territory; and. to use his own strong
figure, "no more idea of establishing an agricultu-
ral colony in Oregon than she had of ploughing and
planting the dome of St. Paul's."
I shall briefly examine these positions of the
honorable senator; and when subjected to the scru-
tiny of sober leason, to what do they amount' What
is their intrinsic value? They are poetry, and
nothing but poetry—expressed, to be sure, with
that splendor of diction for which the senator is so
highly distinguished, and which, in itself, possesses
so much of poetic beauty. But, after all, they are
mere poety. What, in fact, has the senator recom-
mended? A policy which will not stand the test of
the slightest examination—a policy to which such a
corporation as the British Hudson Bay company
will never submit. We are to steal into Oregon
quietly, with the ploughshare and the pruning hook;
and then, notwithstanding by our agricultural set-
tlements we shall most effectually dcstioy and
drive away all the game which forms the very sub-
stance of that company's wealth, the company will
take no offence, and interpose neither resistance nor
obstacle to our proceeding ! Not at all; we may
progress peacefully and prudently, until we shall
have converted all their hunting grounds into fruit-
ful fields; and then that ancient and powerful monop-
oly will retire like one of Ossian's ghosts, rolling
itself off into its kindred deserts of the North ! It
is true that this mercenary and blood-stained corpo-
ration has alieady murdered between four and five
hundred of our citizens, who ventured into Oregon
for the purpose merely of sharing with them the
hunting and trapping of the beaver: yet they will
not take the least umbrage, if we shall enter the
territory with plough ana pruning hook, in such
numbers as to destroy their hunting and trapping
altogether! These unfortunate men did but attempt
to hunt the beaver, as they had a right to do under
the treaty of joint occupation, ana it cost them
their lives; but yet, if all the beaver and other game
shall be driven from the country by our settlements,
this will all be very well, and the company will
never raise a finger to prevent its own destruction!
Should this be its course, the Hudson Bay company
will prove itself to be the most disinterested and
magnanimous monopoly of which I have ever
heard or read in all my life. Trading companies
are almost universally governed by an exclusive
view to their own interest. To suppose for a mo-
ment that tins vast trading association; with all its
hunters and dependants, will gradually retire, with
their faces, I presume, to our advancing settlements,
is one of the most extraordinary notions that I
have heard in this chamber. And this is the mode
whereby the senator will preserve the peace between
the two nations, and at the same time acquire pos-
session of the territory!
Now, Mr. President, I assert that Great Britain
has never manifested a more determined purpose, in
the whole course of her eventful history, than to
hold and retain the northern bank of the Columbia
river, with a harbor at its mouth. Why, sir, she
already affects to consider the northern bank of this
river as her own, whilst she graciously concedes the
southern as belonging to the United States. In Ore-
gon, these banks of the 3tream are familiarly and
currently spoken of as "the British side" and "the
American side." Let any of our citizens attempt
to make a settlement north of that river, and we
shall soon learn his fate; we shall soon hear, if noth-
ing worse, that he has been driven away. I be-
lieve that but one American settlement has ever been
attempted north of the Columbia; and this is a small
Catholic establishment which nobody would ever
think of disturbing. In this course, Great Britain
displays her deep policy and her settled purpose.
Thrice has she offered to divide the territory, and
make the Columbia the line between the two na-
tions, and thrice has her offer been rejected. It is
now evidently her design to make the possession of
the territory conform to her proposition for its di-
vision, yielding the southern bank to us, and re-
taining the northern for herself; and every moment
that we submit to this allotment will but serve to
strengthen her claim.
Even when Astoria was restored to the United
States, in October, 1818, under the treaty of Ghent,
Great Britain, in opposition to this her own solemn
act, protested that sne had the title to the territory,
though it does not appear that this protest was ever,
in point of fact, communicated to our government.
During the progress of the negotiation in 1818,
which preceded the existing treaty of joint occu-
pancy, our government proposed that the parallel of
forty-nine degrees of north latitude, which is the boun-
dary of the two countries east of the Rocky moun-
tains, should be extended as their boundary west to
the Pacific ocean. What was the answer? "The
British negotiators did not make any formal proposi-
tion for a boundary, but intimated that the river it-
self was the most convenient that could be adopted;
and that they would not agree to any that did not
give them the harbor at the mouth of the river in
common with the United States." Has Great Brit-
ain ever departed from this declaration? No, sir,
never. On the contrary, the assertion of her claim
has become stronger and stronger with each suc-
ceeding year.
This subject was again discussed in the negotia-
tion of 18*24. Mr. Rush again asserted our title
to the 49th degree of latitude, ill strong and decided
terms; but it was as strongly and decidedly opposed
by the British plenipotentiaries. All that they would
consent to do was to run the 49th parallel of latitude
west, from the summit of the Rocky mountains,
until it should strike the northern branch of the Co-
lumbia, and from thence down the course of the
river to the ocean. This proposition was prompt-
ly rejected by Mr. Rush; and in writing home to
the Department of State, he stated that they had de-
clared more than once, at the closing hours of the
negotiation, "that the boundary marked out in their
own proposal, was one from iciiich the government of
the United States must, not expect Great Britain to de-
part."
Again, for the third time, previously to the treaty
of 1827, we repeated our offer to divide the country
with Great Britain by the forty-ninth parallel of lat-
itude; and she again rejected our proposition; and
again offered to make the' river the boundary, the navi-
gation of it to remain forever free and common to
both nations. In making this offer, her negotia-
tors declared that there could be no reciprocal with-
drawal from actual occupation, as there was not,
and never had been, a single American citizen set-
tled north of the Columbia. In refusing our prop-
osition, they used language still stronger than they
had ever done before; again declaring that it must
not he expected they would ever relinquish the claim
which they had asserted.
Thus it appears that, in 1818, we offered to es-
tablish the 49th degree as our northern boundary; in
1824, we repeated the offer; and in 1827, we again
repeated the same proposal; but on each occasion,
it was absolutely refused. Our minister, in obedj-
