348
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Oregon Territory—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
ence to his instructions, after this last refusal, sol-
emnly declared to the British plenipotentiaries that
the American Government would never thereafter
hold itself bound to agree to the line which had
been proposed and rejected; but would consider itself
at liberty to contend for the full extent of the claims
of the United States. The British plenipotentiaries
made a similar declaration, in terms equally strong,
that they would never consider the British govern-
ment bound to agree to the line which they had pro-
posed; and these mutual protests were recorded in
due form on the protocols of the negotiation. Thus,
thank Heaven, we are now relieved from the embar-
rassing position in which we had placed ourselves,
and are no longer trammeled by our former proposi-
tions. . We shall hereafter assert our claim to the
full extent of our right. We shall no longer limit
ourselves to the 49th parallel of latitude; but shall
insist upon extending our boundary north to 54°
40'; which is the treaty line between Russia and the
United States.
To suppose that Great Britain, after these solemn
assertions of her title, and these strong declarations
that she would never abandon it, will voluntarily
and quietly retire from the possession of the whole
northwest coast of America; that she will surrender
the straits of De Fuca, the only good harbor on that
coast, between the 49th degree of latitude and Saint
Francisco, in latitude 37° 48'; that she will yield up
this entire territory, the possession of which can
alone secure to her the command of the north Pacific
and the trade of eastern Asia, and, through this
trade, her influence over China; that she will aban-
don her valuable fur trade, and all this fertile and
salubrious country, and fly to the northern deserts,
before the advance of our farmers, with their plough-
shares and pruning hooks, whom we are afraid to
cover with tie protection of our flag, lest this might
give her offence;—to suppose all this, is surely to
imagine the most impossible of all impossibilities.
From the day that Sir Alexander McKenzie first
set his foot upon the territory, until this very day,
the proceedings of Great Britain in regard to the re-
gion west of the Rocky mountains have been uni-
form and consistent. She has never faltered for a
single moment in her course. She has proclaimed
before the world her right to settle and colonize it;
and from this claim she has never varied or depart-
ed: and yet we are now to be told that she will, all of
a sudden, change her policy, and retire before the
American squatters who may find their way into
Oregon without law, without a government, and
without protection!
And all this, too, in the very face of what occur-
red during the negotiation of the Ashburton treaty.
Our northwestern boundary not only forms no part
of this treaty; but that important subject is not even
alluded to throughout the whole correspondence.
We had a correspondence between Lord Ashburton
and Mr. Webster on the Creole question, on the
Caroline question, on the doctrine of impressment,
and on the right of search; but it appears that this
Oregon question was found to be so utterly incapa-
ble of adjustment, that even the attempt was entirely
abandoned. We aie told by the President, in his
message transmitting the treaty, that, "after sundry
informal communications with the British minister
upon the subject of the claims of the two countries
to territory west of the Rocky mountains, so little
probability was found to exist of coming to any
agreement on that subject at present, that it was not
thought expedient to make it one of the subjects of
formal negotiation, to be entered upon between this
government and the British minister, as part of his
duties under his special mission." Thus it appears
that, at so late a period as the year 1842, the claims
of Great Britain were found to be so utterly irrecon-
cilable with the just rights of the United States, that
all attempts to adjust the question by treaty were
abandoned in despair.
Had I been the negotiator of the late treaty, I
should have endeavored to melt the iron heart of his
lordship. I would have said to him: "You have
obtained all that your heart can desire in the adjust-
ment of the northeastern boundary; will you, then,
return home without settling any of the other im-
portant questions in dispute? Nay, more, will* you
leave even the boundary question but half settled?
At least, let us adjust the whole question of boun-
dary—that in the northwest as well as the northeast.
Permanent peace and friendship between the two
nations is the ardent desire of us both; why, then,
leave a question unsettled which is of much greater
importance, and consequently of a much more dan-
gerous character, than the northeastern boundary 
a question which contains within itself elements that
may produce war at no distant period. This is the
propitious moment for ending all our difficulties,
and commencing a new era of good feeling between
the two countries. Let us not suffer it to escape un-
improved—to pass away, it may be, never to re-
turn."
Wliat the nature of these "informal commu-
nications with the British minister" may have been
in relation to the Oregon Territory, will probably
never be known to the people of this country. No
protocol—no record—was made of the conferences
of the negotiators. Their tracks were traced upon
the sand, and the returning tide has effaced them
forever. We shall never know what passed be-
tween them on this subject, unless Lord Ashbur-
ton's despatches to his own government shall be
published, which is not at all probable. I have no
doubt they contain a full record of the conferences;
because it is the duty of every responsible foreign
minister to communicate to his own government a
perfect history of all that occurs throughout his
negotiations. I should be exceedingly curious to
know what were these extravagant pretensions of
the British government in regard to Oregon, which
rendered all negotiation on the subject impossible.
It is more than probable that Mr. Webster again
offered to Lord Ashburton to establish the forty-
ninth parallel of latitude as the boundary between
the two nations west of the Rocky mountains. I
infer this from the fact that the senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Choate,] in reply to the senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] at the last session
of Congress, had assured him that Mr. Webster
had never "offered a boundary line seuth of the
parallel of forty-nine;" that he [Mr. Choate] "was
authorized and desired to declare that, in no com-
munication, formal or informal, was such an offer
made, and none such was ever meditated." When
it had thus been authoritatively and solemnly de-
clared that Mr. Webster had never offered to es-
tablish any boundary south of forty-nine, (which I
was glad to hear,) it appears to me to be a legiti-
mate inference that he had offered to establish that
parallel as the boundary. The senator from Massa-
chusetts can, however, doubtless explain what is
the true state of the case.
Here Mr. Choate asked whether Mr. Buchanan
desired him to explain now, or wait till the senator
should have concluded his remarks.
Mr. Buchanan preferring the latter course, Mr.
Choate promised to make the explanation, and re-
tained his seat.
But the honorable gentleman has assured the Sen-
ate that Great Britain does not intend to colonize in
Oregon—no, no more than she intends to colonize the
dome of St. Paul's. And what are the arguments
by which he has attempted to support this position?
Why, the senator has carefully examined all the
British projects for colonization since the year 1826;
and he finds that whilst they have been establishing
colonies every where else around the globe, not a
word has ever been hinted in relation to a colony in
Oregon. And does not the senator perceive how
very easy it is to answer such an argument' Great
Britain could not have colonized in Oregon without
violating her own plighted faith to the Hudson Bay
company. In December, 1821, she had leased to
that company the whole of this territory for the
term of twenty-one years, and she could not have
set her foot upon it without infringing their charter-
ed rights.
What, sir! Great Britain not colonize? She must
colonize. This is the indispensable condition of her
existence. She has utterly failed to impress upon
other nations her theoretical doctrines of free trade;
whilst she excludes from her own ports every for-
eign article which she can herself produce in suffi-
cient quantities to supply the demand of her own
people. The nations of the continent pf Europe are
now all manufacturing for themselves. Their mar-
kets are nearly all closed against her. She now en-
joys nothing like free trade with any of these nations.
We are now, I believe, the only civilized people
on earth where free trade doctrines prevail to any
great extent. The Zoll-Verein, or commercial
league of Germany, have recently adopted a tariff
of duties which must effectually exclude her manu-
factures from their ports. The whole world are fast
adopting Bonaparte's continental system against her;
and all the nations of Christendom seem determined
to encourage their own labor and to manufacture for
themselves. Under these circumstances, Great
Britain, in her own defence, must colonize. She
must provide a market of her own for her meorufac- j
tares; or inevitable destruction awaits them.
Wherever she can acquire earth enough to plant a'
man who who will purchase and consume her pro-
ductions,—her cotton, her woollen, and her iron
fabrics,—there she must acquire it for the purpose of
extending her home market. She cannot exist with-
out colonization. This is the very law of her po-
litical being. To imagine, therefore, that she is
about to abandon the claim to colonize Oregon
without a struggle, is to imagine what' seems to me
to be very strange, not to say impossible. It is very
true that she has not yet, on her own account, com-
menced the process of colonization in that region;
but judging from the most authentic facts, we can no
longer doubt what are her intentions.
I have already stated that, in 1821, Great Britain
had leased to the Hudson Bay company the Ter-
ritory of Oregon for the term of twenty-one years.
On the 30th May, 1838, this lease was extended by
a new lease for another period of twenty-one years
from its date. The existence of this last grant was
entirely unknown to me until within the last few
days. When I mentioned the subject in conversa-
tion to the senator from Massachusetts, he informed
me that he had seen the new lease, and kindly offer-
ed to procure it for me, remarking at the same time
that he had intended to mention the fact in the course
of his remarks; but had omitted to do so in the
hurry of speaking. That such was his intention I
have not the least reason to doubt.
The correspondence of the company's agents witli
the British government immediately previous to the
last lease, is in the highest degree worthy of the at-
tention and solemn consideration of the Senate.
In this correspondence with Lord Glenelg, they
recounted all that the company had done for the
British government as a reason why their license
ought to be extended. They boast of having suc-
ceeded, "after a severe and expensive competition,
in establishing these settlements, and obtaining a de-
cided superiority, if not an exclusive enjoyment of
the trade—the Americans having almost withdrawn
from the coast." They inform his lordship that
"the company now occupy the country between
the Rocky mountains and the Pacific by six perma-
nent establishments on the coast, sixteen in the in-
terior country, besides several migratory ^nd hunt-
ing parties; and they maintain a marine of six
armed vessels—one of them a steam vessel—on the
coast." At each of these establishments, I believe,
indeed I may say that we know, they have erected
stockade forts; although if this fact be mentioned in
the correspondence, it has escaped my observation.
In the neighborhood of Fort Vancouver, which is
their principal establishment, th y state the fact,
that "they have large pasture and grain farms, af-
fording most abundantly every species of agricul-
tural produce, and maintaining large herds of stock
of every description; these have been gradually es-
tablished; and it is the intention of the company
still further, not only to augment and increase them,
to establish an export trade in wool, tallow, hides,
and other agricultural produce, but to encourage the
settlement of their retired servants and other emi-
grants under their protection." They represent
"the soil, climate, and other circumstances of the
country" to be "as much, if not more, adapted to
agricultural pursuits than any other spot in Ameri-
ca." And they express the confident hope that,
"with care and protection, the British dominion may
not only be preserved in this country, which it has been
so much the wish of Russia and Jlmerica to occupy to the
exclusion of British subjects, but British interest and
British influence may he maintained as paramount in
this interesting part of the const of the Pacific."
The extracts which I have just read are from the
letter of J. Pelly, esq. governor oftheHudson Bav
company, to Lord Glenelg, the British colonial Sec-
retary of State, dated at London on the 10th Feb-
ruary, 1837, applying for an extension of their
lease Among the papers submitted to the British
government upon this occasion, is a letter from
George Simpson, esq. to Governor Pelly dated at
London on the 1st February, 1837. Mr. Simpson
is the superintendent of the company's affairs in
■North America; and, from his knowledge of the
country, any information which he communicates
is entitled to the highest consideration.
1 beg the Senate to ponder well what he says in
this letter in regard to that portion of Oregon be-
tween the Columbia river and the 49th de°ree of
north latitude, which the British government have
so often expressed their determination to hold; and
then ask themselves whether they can, for a mo-
ment, suppose that Great Britain will voluntarily
