C0N%RESSlO:K:At,ai-(>BE.
settlement of land claims in Louisiana, he moved to
postpone the previous orders of the day, with a
vjew to take up that bill. The motion was put, and
carried in the affirmative. And the bill was taken
up for consideration, as in committee of the whole
—the question pending being a substitute reported
by the Committee on Public Lands, for the bill pro-
viding for the adjustment of land claims within the
States of Missouri, Arkansas, Louisiana, and the
Territory of Iowa.
An amendment was proposed by Mr. HENDER-
SON, embracing a new class of claims. It was dis-
cussed by Messrs. HENDERSON, HAYWOOD,
KING, BARROW, and SEVIER, till past three
o'clock; when, on motion of Mr. BARROW, the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 28, 1844.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New . York, and Mr. FOS-
TER, suggested corrections of the journal, respect-
ing votes given by them yesterday. The journal
was corrected accordingly.
THE RULES OF THE HOUSE.
The SPEAKER then announced the business
for the morning hour to be on the report of the Se-
lect Committee on Rules—the pending question be-
ing on the motion of the gentleman from North Car-
olina [Mr. Barringer] to reconsider the vote by
which the House agreed to the amendment of the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Dromgoole] to the
report of the Select Committee on Rules, except the
23d and 96th rules.
Mr. BARRINGER inquired if the pending mo-
tion was debatable.
The SPEAKER replied that it was not.
Mr. DROMGOOLE was understood to inquire
whether the gentleman from North Carolina could
move a reconsideration while the previous question
was ordered.
Mr. HUDSON inquired if a call of the House
would be in order.
Mr. PAYNE inquired of the Speaker if the mo-
tion to reconsider, made by the gentleman from
North Carolina, should prevail, would the vote
upon the adoption of that rule, whicli makes this
House an auxiliary abolition society, be reconsidered
also.
The SPEAKER was understood to say that that
rule was not involved in this motion.
Some conversation followed, in which the
SPEAKER and several members took part; and the
House was then brought to a vote on the reconsider-
ation.
Mr. BELSER called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and, being taken, resulted as
follows—yeas 55, nays 116:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Ashe. Barringer, Barnard, Bel-
ser, J. Black, Jeremiah Brown, Buffington, Carroll, Call-
sin, Chappell, Clinch, Clingman, Collamer, Cranston, Gar-
rett Davis, Oeberry, Delict, Dickey, Dickinson, Foot, Grin-
nell Grider, Harper, W. Hunt, Irvin, Jenks, Perlev B.
Johnson, J. P. Kennedy. D. P. King, Mclllvaine, Marsh,
y j Morris, Morse, Nes, Newton, Patterson, Peyton,
Kamsev Barner, Charle M. Reed, David S. Reid, Sample,
Sclienck Senter. Caleb B. Smith, Stephens, Summers,
Thomasson, Tilden, Tyler, fance, Vinton, White, and
Winthrop—55.
—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Atkinson, Baker,
Beardslev, Benton, Bidlack, Edward J. Black. J. A. Black,
Jilackwell, Bossier, Bower, Boyd, J. Brinkerhoft, Brod-
head Aaron V. Brown, William J. Brown, Burke. Burt,
Caldwell, Campbell, Cary, R. Chapman, Clinton, Cobb
Cross Cullom, Dana, Daniel, R. D. Davis, J.W. Davis
Dean Dillingham, Dromgoole, Duniap, Ellis, Farlee,
I'icklin, Fibh.' Foster, French, Giddings, By ram Green, Hale
llamlin, Hammett, Haralson, Henley, Herriek, Hopkins
Houston, Hubard, Hubbell, Hungerl'ord, James B Hunt,
Joseph R Jngersoll, Jameson, Cave Johnson, Cieorge W.
Jones Andiew Kennedy, Preston King, Labranche t'eon-
ard Lewis Lumpkin, Lyon, McCauslen, McClelland
McClernand, McConnell, McDowell, Mathews, Moore,
JosephMorris, Moselev, Murphv, Nonis, Owen, Fdrmenter,
Payne Elisha R. Potter, Purdy, Rathbun, Reding Rhett, Lit-
ter Robinson. Rockwell, Rogers. Russell, St. John, Saun-
ders Severance. Thomas H. Seymour, David L. Seymour,
Simons, Simpson, Spenee, Stetson, John Stewart Miles.
Stone Stron" Taylor, Jacob Thompson, Tibbatts, Tucker,
We'iler Wentworth, Wheaton, Williams, Woodward. Wil-
liam Wright, Joseph A. Wright, and Yost—116.
So the House refused to reconsider. _
The question recurred upon agreeing with the. re-
port as amended; and upon this question the yeas
and nays were ordered.
Mr. R. D. DAVIS inquired whether, if this vote
should pass in the negative, the House would not
be without rules. * a
Mr. CHAPMAN of Alabama obtained the floor,
and said that, to avoid the difficulty suggested by
the gentleman from New York, and to test the met.
whether, after a night's repose, there'were not some
who had repented of the outrage upon the rights of
the South by the proceedings of yesterday, he
moved to lay the whole eubjeet on the table.
Mr. CLINGMAN of North Carolina called for
the yeas and nays, which were ordered.
Mr. ADAMS inquired if a call of the House
would now be in order.
The SPEAKER replied that he thought not, after
a call for the previous question.
Mr. ADAMS observed that he believed the pre-
vious question had been superseded.
The SPEAKER. Not at all; it applies to this
subject.
Mr. RATHBUN inquired whether the House
would not be without rules, in case the subject
should be now laid upon the table. *
The SPEAKER replied in the negative. In that
event, the rules of the last Congress would be in
force.
The yeas and nays were then taken, and resulted
as follows: yeas 88, nays 87:
YEAS—Messrs. Ashe. Atkinson, Barringer, Belser, Bid-
lack, Edward J. Black, James Black, James A. Black,
Blackwell, Bossier, Bower, Boyd, Jacob Brinkerhofl', Aaron
V. Brown, William J. Brown, Burke, Burt, Caldwell,
Campbell, Causin, Reuben Chapman, Chappell, Clinch,
Clinton, Cobb, Cross, Cullom, Daniel, John W. Davis, Dean,
Deberry, Dcllet, Dickinson, Dromgoole, Duncan, Ficklin,
French, Grider, Hammett, Haralson, Henley, Hopkins, Hous-
ton, Hubard, Charles J. Ingeiwll, Jameson, Cave Johnson,
Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Andrew Kennedy,
Preston King, Labranche, Lew is, Lumpkin, McClernand,
McConnell, Mathews, Moore, Murphy, Newton, Norris,
Payne, Peyton, Rayner, David S. Reid, Reding, Relfe, Rhett,
Russell, St. John, Saunders, Senter, Simpson, Slidell, Ste-
phens, Stiles, Stone, Strong, Summers, Taylor, Thomasson,
Thompson, Tibbatts, Tucker, Wcller, Wentworth, Wood-
ward and Yost—S8.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Adam?, Baker, Barnard, Beards-
ley, Benton, Brodhead, Jeremiah Brown, Buffington, Cary,
Carroll, Clingman, Collamer, Cranston, Dana, Richard D.
Davis, Dickey, Dillingham, Duniap, Ellis,Farlee, Fish, Foot,
Foster, Giddings, Byram Green, Grinnell, Hale, Hamlin,
Harper, Hays, Herriek, Hubbell, Hudson, Hungerford,
Washington Hunt, James B. Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll,
Irvin, Jenks, P. B. Johnson, John P. Kennedy, Daniel P.
King, Leonard, Lyon, McCauslcn, McClelland, McDowell,
Mclliainc, Marsh, Edward J. Morris, Joseph Morris, Morse,
Mosoley, Nes, Parmenter, Patteison, Elisha R. Potter, Pres-
ton, [Purdy, Ramsey, Rathbun, Charles M. Reed, Ritter,
Robinson, Rockwell, Rogers, Sample, Schenck, Severance,
Thomas H. Seymour, David L. Seymour, Simons, Albert
Smith, Caleb B Smith, Spence, Stetson, John Stewart, Til-
den, Tyler, Vance, Vinton, White, Williams, Winthrop,
William Wright, and Jos. A. Wright—87.
Mr. REDING moved a reconsideration of the
vote by which the whole subject was laid on the
table.
Messrs. BARNARD, SCHENCK, CLING-
MAN, ar.d others, simultaneously rose and asked if
a motion for a call of the House was in order.
The SPEAKER replying in the affirmative,
Mr. CLINGMAN moved a call of the House,
and called for the yeas and nays on the question.
The SPEAKER said the morning hour had ex-
pired.
Mr. BIDLACK moved a suspension of the rules,
to go on with the consideration of the question.
Mr. CAMPBELL asked if the question of recon-
sideration was confined to the morning hour.
The SPEAKER replied that it was a privileged
question, and could be made and considered at any
time.
Some conversation ensued between Messrs.
SCHENCK, WINTHROP, HAMLIN, and the
SPEAKER; when
The question was announced by the Chair on the
motion for a call of the House.
Mr. CHARES M. REED moved to lay that mo-
tion on the table.
The SPEAKER had no recollection of any case
in which a motion to lay a motion for a call ot the
House on the table had been entertained.
Mr. WM. J. BROWN asked if it was m order
to move for a call of the House, after the gentle-
man from New Hampshire had demanded the pre-
vious question?
The SPEAKER replied that it was m order;
the, demand for the preUous question not having
been seconded.
The question was then taken on the motion for a
call of the House, and decided in the negative—yeas
81, nays 101.
So the call of the House was refused.
Mr. WELLER moved to lay the motion for re-
consideration on the. table; and the yeas and nays
having been ordered, the question was taken on
that motion, and decided m the affirmative.—-yeas
89, nays 82, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs- Ashe, Atkinson, Barringer, Belser, Bi4
lack, Edward J. Black, James Black,^ames A. Black, B.lacjk-
well, BoSfiier, Bower, Boyd, Jacob BrifiKefh39',r AaroriV.
•Brown, William J. Brown, Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Camp-
bell, Reuben Chapman, Chappell, Clinch, Clinton Cobfv
Cross, Culloni, Daniel, Dean, Deberry, Dellet, Dickinsop,
Dromgoole, Duncan, Fariee, Eicklin, .Frencla,- Grider,
Hamlin, Hammett, Haralson, Henley, Hopkins, Houston,
Hubard, Jameson, ,pave Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George
W. Jones, Andrew Kennedy, Freston King, Labfgnche,
Leonard, Lewis, Lumpkin, McClernand, McComjell,
Mathews, Moore, Murphy, Norris, Owen, Payne, Peyton,
David S. Reid, Reding, Relfe, Ritter, Russell, St-. John,
Saunders, Senter, Simpson, Slidell, Stephens, John Stewart,
Stiles, Stoue, Strong, Summers, Taylor, Thomasson;
Thompson, Tibbatts, Tucker, Weller, Wentworth, Wood-
ward, and Yost—89.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Anderson, Baker, Bar-
nard, Beardsley, Benton, Brodhead, Jeremiahjj. Brown,,
Buffington, Cary, Carroll, Causin, Clingman, Collamer
Cranston, Dana, R. D. Davis, Dickey, Dillingham, Duniap,
Ellis, Fish, Foot, Foster, Giddings, Byram Green; Grinnell,
Hale, Harper, Hays, Herriek, Hubbell, Hudson,. Hunger-
ford, Washington Hunt, James B. Hunt, Joseph R, In-
gersoll. Irvin, Jenks, Perley B. Johnson, John P. Kennedy-,
Daniel P. King, Lyon, McCauslen, McClelland, McDowell,
Mcllvaine, Marsh, Edward J. Morris, Joseph Morris, Morse,
Moseley, Parmenter, Patterson, Elisha R Potter, Preston,
Purdy, Ramsey, Rathbun, C. M. Reed, Robinson, Rock-
well. Rogers, Sample, Schenck, Severance, Thomas H.
Seymour, David L. Seymour, Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith,
Spence, Stetson, Andrew Stewart, Tilden, Tyler, Vance,
Vinton, White, Williams, Winthrop, William Wright, and
Joseph A. Wright—82.
So the whole subject wa3 laid on the table, leaving
the rules of the 27th Congress in force, and among
them the rule excluding abolition petitions.
SENATE BILLS.
The following bills from the Senate were read
twice, and referred to appropriate committees:
An act to require one of the judges of the circuit
court for the District of Columbia hereafter to reside
at Alexandria;
An act to incorporate the Georgetown College of
the District of Columbia;
An act directing the transfer to the State of Mary~
land of stock belonging to the United States in the
Chesapeake and Ohio Canal; and
An act authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury
to make an arrangement or compromise with the
sureties on the bond given to the United States by
Samuel Swartwout.
NOTICES.
Mr. ADAMS gave notice that he proposed to-
morrow to call up the report - of the Committee on
Rules, which had been this day laid on the table.
Mr. R. D. DAVIS rose to give notice that, on the
next resolution day, he should offer a resolution
to repeal the 23d rule; or whatever ^number the rule
rejecting abolition petitions might be.
Mr. WELLER and others objected to the recep-
tion of the notice.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
On the motion of Mr. VANCE, the rules of the
House were suspended to permit the standing com-
mittees to make such reports as would not give
rise to debate.
On the motion of Mr. DftOMGOOLE, the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means was discharged from
the further consideration of certain petitions.
Mr. VANCE, from the Committee of Claims,
reported the following bills; which were read twice,
and committed to the Committee of the Whole:
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
Capt. F. Shannon.
A bill for the relief of George W. Clark and
others.
On the motion of Mr. VANCE, the Committee of
Claims was discharged from various memorials;
and from the same committee he made various ad-
verse reports.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the same committee, made
adverse reports; which were ordered to be printed.
Mr. VANCE, from the same committee, made an
adverse report in the case of Cyrus C. Scott, which
was laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee of Claims, made
an adverse report in the case of William F. Maver,
which was laid upon the table and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. STEPHENS, from the same committee,
reported a joint resolution in favor of Saltmarsh and
Fuller, and also a joint resolution in favor of William
Fuller, which were referred to the Committee of the
Whole House, and the accompanying reporU were
ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. G. DAVIS, certain testimony
was referred to the Committee of Elections.
Mr. C. M. REED, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back the bill for the establishment
